Wit ^atiettet A TOUR ROUND THE WORLD. ? o ? (By T. K. Dow, our Special Correspond dent.) No. XXXI.— THE GLORIOUS FOURTH! Thew is nothing in Australia, or in any I art of the British Empire, corresponding with 'the glorious 4th of July' in America. Our Queen's birthday is tame and feeble in. coniixirit-on The greatness of the day is largely the result of concentration'. America became a nation by the single act of sign ing that Declaration of Independence, which is read on the; 4tk of July in every city, town, and village throughout the Union, and consequently it is possible to commemorate a great deal that 16 dear to Americans and honor much that is dear to all free men by the celebration of a single anniversary. The British nation gained its independence, and the British people won their liberties by too long and graduated a process to admit of the grand result be ing honored by the commemoration of any one event. Nor is the 'Federation Day,' which is to celebrate the formation of the Australian Commonwealth, ever likely to reach the importance of the American an niversary, for it can never mean so much. When -the sun rises he makes the birds sing; he shines brighter at midday without causing the same commotion. Of all the 'glorious 4ths' perhaps the 4th July, 1898, was the most glorious, for it celebrated, in addition to the usual events, the victory of America over Spain. For the first time the Republic had en gaged in war with a European power, and the morning of Independence Day brought the glad tidings that victory had been achieved. The night of the 3rd closed in gloom. Never after Dewey's brilliant per formance at Manila and Cervera's obling ing retreat into Santiago Harbor, was there any fear of the final result, but the war had now lasted long enough. Widows and orphans were beginning to wear mourning in too many sections of the States, and the sight of it was damping the enthusiasm of those who had for months been waving the Stars and Stripe' at all social functions. When Spain had said she was going to 'fight to the bitter end,' the Americans remarked that 'Spain seems to know what the end is going to taste like,' but Shatter had been dallying long enough in Cuba. Yellow fever had broken out among 'the boys,' and that was worse than Spanish bullets. Public opinion seemed at length to have aroused the phlegmatic general to ae'ion, and an attack was to be made on Santiago, which had been invested so long. On the night of the 3rd July the weary crowds had to disperse from the front of the newspaper offices and go home to bed with the information that all the brilliant fighting of the day had only resulted in driving certain outposts into Santiago, and that nothing more could be done without reinforcements. This would mean months of delay, and the tropical summer and tro pical diseases had already begun to fight on the side of the Spaniards. All along America knew of the wretched insuffi ciency of its naval department, but patrio tically said nothing about it, only waving the Stars and Stripes the more vigorously on account of it. But now this knowledge added gloom to the situation. In this deep gloom we went to bed; but what a bright and joyous day awaited us! The morning brought the news that Santiago had incontinently capitulated, and soon followed the tidings of Cervera's' fleet hav ing been captured by the navy of America. In these circumstances, it can be imagined with what thankful joyousness and natu ral enthusiasm the Americans entered into the celebrations of Independence day in 1898\. ' tl was in San Francisco, and as no state had been more patriotic throughout the war than California, -the various functions of the day were, no doubt, fairly represen tative of what was going on throughout the Union. Operations commenced with a grand procession through the city— a kind of- Lord Mayor's show Americanised, and further modified by the peculiar genius of the Pacific slope.' Although lliia is the 'Golden State' of California, Mavor Phelan does not ride in a gilded coach, but in jx plain carriage, and there is noth ing to distinguish it from the others. It is covered with different-sized editions of the American flag, but that is no distinc tion, for all the vehicles, and the wl.ole of the buildings along the route of the procession literally bristle with Ihese ex pression of American patriotism. livery window and every coign of vantage must have its separate flag, and to say that 'no family should be without one' would be a misrepresentation, for every member of the family had to be supplied. The stuff is sold by the square yard, poles or sticks by the dozen, and every man purchases according to his means, or, as the Scotch minister said, who always made a second syllable of tin; plural termination, according to his 'mean- ess.' The result shows that tne first clause of the Declaration of Independence is not to he taken literally, but rather in a Pick wickian sense, for, while all men are born free to possess a flag with the orthodox number of starts and stripes upon it, they are not all equal to displaying the same superficies of bunting. One would have ex pected that the national sense of humor would have have excluded the use of those little, stiff, undignified miniatures of 'Old Glory.' When the full-sized flag is spread out on the breeze, with its broad stream ers of red and white flowing in undulating folds from a noble expanse of starspan gled blue, it weems worthy to 'wave o'er .the land of the free and the home of the brave,' but those pert little imitations, t-o like fancy cake decorations, certainly come far short of 'filling the bill.' From one point of view they look as if the Span iards were on the scene trying to ridicule the Americans, but in reality they show the loyalty of the nation extends all the way from millionaire Phelan in his car .riage to the man with a 5 cent flag. The procession is both long and varied, for the people -a re not amateurs at this kind of thing. It ia the only 'big combine' of the year in the procession business, but the whole thing has been done in sections many times for every gathering of each 'society,' 'brotherhood, ? or 'order,' and their name is legion, must get behind a band and demonstrate in the streets. No picnic would be complete. without its pre liminary procession. All. the orders, bro therhoods, &c;, possess regalia or uniforms, and many of the uniforms are of a military character All these furnish good raw ma terial for a eftreet show on a big scale, and in this land of liberty . or originality the element of variety ib never wanting. There is not much effort displayed in representing the peculiarities of. the different trades and professions, but the history, the objects, and the principles^ the various orders and brotherhoods are_jset forth with great suc cess by means of representative tableaux.' Large platforms, supported on lorries, «re fitted up with, living picture representa tions of all phases of American lite. 'The Ancient Order of 'Wild Red Men,' 'The Daughters of the Republic,' 'The Sons of the ? Pioneers,' and such like associations, with their tableau repre sentations of Indians' camps, and Indians and soldiers, with the uniforms and fire-, arms of the last century, pursuing the wild red men, are features which make the procession quite unlike what is seen in other countries. Some of the painted men representing Indians are riding bronchos, and no. Femmore. Cooper element seetns to be- wanting.-. Jt is a brave show. Great energy has been thrown into the perfor mance, and vast crowds have come to see. There is no doubt great rejoicing, but the people— both the performers and spectff-' tors— express in a remarkable degree their feeling of .gladness. It is onjy the com panies of soldiers that evoke cheers from the crowd? and even these outbursts of militarism i. -are comparatively feeble. For the most part, the people's joy is express ed by vigorous waving of flags, and when ecstasy is reached, you hear frequent ex clamations in -undertones, such a.s *'Ele.j gant!' 'That's just all right!'' These com? panies of soldiers form the adjoining camp, and they arc going to Manila. British officers, who have admired the absence of stiffness in the ranks of our Australian volunteers, would find much to please them in these troops, for looseness and free and easy irregularity were conspicuous. These were exactly the same kind of men who did the fighting against Spain, and their presence in the procession emphasised the fact that the battles were won, not by sol diers, but by raw, untrained, volunteer American citizens. The 'literary exercises' were on the pro gramme for the afternoon, and it is sonie w'hat significant that the largest hall in the city was not chosen for the purpose, while the selected building was not more than comfortably filled. . The scene viside of the hall was a brilliant one, the large propor tion of ladies with bright colored dresses and a wealth of flowers, artificial, in hats, and natural in hand bouquets, malting up a very attractive display. Of course the walls and roof were draped. in. American flags. It should be mentioned that there were no other flags whatever either here or in the streets. I had been reading of the blending of the Union Jack with the Stars and Stripes in the eastern states, and I looked round for some blending, but it did not come off. If any British subject in San Francisco owned a flag, he was keeping it for some'other occasion. 1 never saw a Bri tish flag till I got to Canada. I was told at Los Angeles that a large number of flags had been got from San Francisco for blending purposes on 'the. 4-th.' They had no use for them at the Golden Gate. A tableau on an elevated platform in Mont gomery:street, which the procession passed, was a very effective living pic ture representation. Uncle Sam, in striped )-ants and blue coat, smiled under his white beaver hat at the passing volunteers. He was supported by two soldiers, one in blue and the other in grey, the uniforms of the North and South, and John Bull in an English hunting dress, very stout and very red in the face, beamed approval on the happy group. I thought the old man was j behaving so nicely that raey- might have let him have his flag. But all flags save the one seemed to be tabooed. Even the green flag with a golden harp, which is ,60 dear to the rulers of this city, was not displayed. America was at the wickets all the time. There was a capital programme, and it seems remarkable that the entertainment did not fill a much larger hall. The picnics and outdor sports of various kinds, how ever, appeared to better suit the taste of the majority. Professional singers sang patriotic songs between the speeches, and the speeches were good of their kind, al though the kind would not suit the taste of British people. The Americans have their own standard of taste in the matter of oratory. The orator is expected to reach an elevation of expression which would not be tolerated by an English au dience. He is expected to make an ora torical effort, while the English speaker must rigidly conceal all attempts at ora torical effect. The American audience will applaud the orator just at the point where an English audience would begin to laugh. Mayor Phelan made a vigorous speech, only rising in places to the ar tifical and ornate; but 'the orator of the day,' chosen beforehand for the purpose, and who prepares himself for the effort ex pected of him, read, and read well, a highly wrought effusion, which was evidentls' re garded as highly satisfactory. He was a popular lawyer, and his performance was unquestionably an able one. He commenced by establishing the fact that George Wash ington, Benjamin Franklin, and other fathers of the Republic, must, on that par ticular day, have left the great company of the blessed for the purpose of 'hovering' over the United States. Having established them in a commanding position as deeply interested spectators, he asked the question —'What must they see?' He then proceed ed to answer that question, and it was cer tainly a' grand sight that he conjured up before the view of those astonished ghosts, for it was the marvellous, success of the American nation. He soon got on to the war, and in eloquent words he-drew the pic ture of America, strong and 6ure of her own safety, pouring out her blood and treasure in order to secure the blessings of liberty for the oppressed Cubans— a race having no claims upon her but those of common humanity. The war, he claimed, was a spectacle unique in the his tory of the world, as having been under taken entirely without selfish motives. Cali fornia's self-sacrificing part in tue drama was the closing scene. She became a very beautiful female person standing with her feet on the Golden Gate, her head among the stars, which were her diadem, and em bracing the genius of the Pacific. Com merce, the Orient, and several other at tractive females, the whole making up a very charming picture. Why cannot the British in Australia and elsewhere have exercises of this sort? I am sure our sense ; of humor in preventing us . robs us of a I real pleasure. The best part of the programme is the reading of the Declaration of Indepen- ] dence. It comes before tbe oration, and , there is nothing forced or artificial about , it. The men who drew up and signed the j document meant business, and intense earnestness breathes in every line of it. They all felt what one of them said, viz., that if they did not all hang together they would certainly hang separately. There was nothing artificial about the reading of it at this function. The gentleman who delivered the noble words of the declara tion, with a rich Irish accent, put his whole soul into his voice. It seemed as if the wrongs of these worthy colonists had been suffered yesterday, that the declara tion had just been drawn, up, and that the reader would conclude by attacking his signature, being .prepared to seal it ? '' M with his blood. It did not -transpire during --T''!! the day that the attsitMdeof England to- r '-'^M wards America had in any way changed * 3 during the last 100 years, nor was any v|l reference made to the part which England '1 had taken among the European Towers in I; '^1 connection with the Spanish war. They . S^ say such things were mentioned in the .''--& East, and I left America without being '-.'-%% fortunate enough to hear a single word ^1 upon the subject. My confidence in the -S*| Anglo-American ? alliance rests upon the : . jg conviction that the objects of the two :'.i~M nations must in general be the same, for a they possess the same notions in' regard -'-^ to' liberty and justice. As for sentiment __ ^ of the desirable sort, I looked for it in ? -' :l vain. Blood ?' is no doubt thicker than % water, but unfortunately water, like tha. : % flowers winch bloom in the spring, h\s % nothing to do with the case. What of 5 British blood there^ is in America is a '^ matter of'ttiee,' but what there is of na- -A tibhai 'life is American, and nationhood ?,. stands above distinctions of race. It was ^ something quite different from water that .» turned men of British blood into Ameri- j cans. , ??: I have not allowed sufficient space for ?'; the fireworks. There were so many of , i thcui, and they made sueh a noise, that 1 intended to fill this letter with au account ; of them, but I got carried away ' with C American . oratory. Such a : spontaneous, extra vacant, and sustained demonstration ; as the^tting off of crackers on 4th of July night cannot be realised without see ing and hearing it. There are not many rockets or such other fireworks as merely light up the sky. The popular mode of demonstrating is making a noise. Chinese crackers are sold in great cables 4 in, ? through and 6 ft. long. About a dozen of ?':',. these things are tied together and hum? over a step ladder in the street, just off ??'' the side walk, and set on fire. Then com- '''. mences a deafening crackling like musket- ?, ry, lasting for several minutes, until the touched ends are reached, when there is a terrific bang, and the ladder is again rushed _ by eager parties with more cables. These ladders are in operation a few chains apart in every direction; smaller strings of crackers are going off all the time on the sidewalks, and boys are firing off pistols, guns, and toy cannons at intervals. The racket is kept up from dark till after mid night. Late in the evening the whole of the sidewalks are covered to a depth of 3 inches with paper and cracker cases, and the final stage consists in raking the pa- ' pers together in heaps and making bon fires of them. The American phrase. money to burn, must have originated on a 4th of July, for there seems an eager ness on every hand to spend money upon that which burns so quickly. When the sound of the crackers dies away I think again of the Declaration of Rights, and * those of the happy Australians who have inherited so much of what other me;i fought for. There are fine tilings in the Declaration that are not in America, but to a nation with such splendid ideals all things are possible. ?-?;-?* 