A Hawkesbury Yarn. . PAKT I. When John Reid, after a decent interval of widowerhood, began to be much about what we will call here Waring's farm, the neighbours thought he might have done better for himself. A few remembered that he had been 'after' Alice Waring, as they crudely expressed it, before he married his first wife; but even they wondered that he should return to his old allegiance. Things were different with him now. He had prospered and become well-to-do. There was hardly a girl in the parish who would not have jumped at the chance of being mistress of the Hall Farm. As for Alice - well, they guessed she wouldn't see thirty again, nor have a penny to bless herself with, either; and if she ever had any good looks, they had been worked out of her long since. She was a slender, fragile-looking young woman, with large brown eyes, and a pale, oval face, stamped with that pathetically patient expression which grows on the faces of women who are blest with irresponsible male relations. When people saw Richard Waring's sagacious mare picking her way home on market-days, with her master in a somnolent heap at the back of the cart, they shrugged their shoulders and pitied Alice. There were some who shrewdly conjectured that it was only her careful management and unremit ting energy that kept the farm together; but they never got beyond conjecture. She had the gift of silence. John Reid knew more about the Warings than anyone else did, and his face expressed no surprise when he entered their yard one cold March evening, and found Alice with her skirts kilted up out of the mud-trying to drag the heavy cart under shelter. The rain had been pouring down all day, and the mud lay ankle deep in the yard. Alice's hands were purple with the cold. 'I'd like to know," John said grimly, as he took the cart from her and up- ended it in the shed, 'what you'll be set to do next! You were going to rub the mare down now, I'll be bound? Ah, I thought so ! Well, you won't, then, for I've come over on purpose to do it for you. I guessed how things would be when I saw Peggy crawling up the lane like a sick tortoise. Get into the stable out of the cold." Alice obeyed. She leant wearily againt the wall, watching him as he applied himself to Peggy's toilet. It was pleasant to be helped. She was the only woman in the Hawkesbury district who didn't guess what brought him so often to their farm. His land adjoined her father's and he had been in and out so long that she attached no importance to his comings and goings. He had wanted to marry her once, years ago, and she had refused; not because she did not like him well enough to be his wife, for she liked him far better than she had chosen to confess, but an ailing mother and little sisters needed her care. He had got over it, and married another, and the episode had not prevented them from being excellent friends ever since. He often came over to do things for her that her father's self-indulgence had left undone, he had done it in his wife's life time, and Mary had known and approved. Alice thought nothing of it, except to feel grateful. And yet tonight she was in that tired, dreamy, reminiscent mood that comes to the most practical of women at times, and she felt oddly reminded of the days when this man-younger and shyer then -used to hang about the dairy door in the evenings and carry her milk-pails for her. She remembered with feelings curiously compounded of pain and amusement how she used to blush whenever she heard his footsteps in the yard, and with what ready responsiveness the hot blood had leapt to his own cheeks at the sight. He looked up suddenly, and caught her eye. 'Father broken out again?' he inquired gruffly. ' No ; he's been keeping straight for weeks. I think he's just been taking drops to keep out the cold. He's asleep now on the sofa.' ' He'd wake up mighty sharp if he was on my sofa !-lying there snug and warm while you do the work. I've no patience with him!' 'I could stand the work,' said Alice, laying her cheek against the mare's soft neck with a sigh, 'but I'm not easy in my mind. I don't like his looks; I can't get it out of my head that he's been doing some thing he doesn't wont me to know. He's too quiet; and odd times, when he thinks he's safe, I catch him watching me in a queer, shamed kind of way. If I thought he'd been putting his name to more bills for anybody, I'd feel like going mad. I would really. We've only just paid off that last one.' It was not often he spoke so openly, even to John Reid; and the weary, dispirited ring in her voice made his blood boil. 'It makes me mad whenever I come here,' he declared wrathfully, 'to see you so put upon. You might slave yourself to death before he or Milly would notice it. How they can live in the same house with you, year after year, and be that wrapped up in them selves, I can't think. I'd have been a different man, I know, if I'd had you in my life!' 'You had Mary,' Alice reminded him a little tartly. The man reddened. 'Yes, I had Mary, seeing that I couldn't get someone else!' he responded with equal tartness. 'You've no need to throw that up against me, Mary was a good wife,' he added, in a gentler tone, ' and I done my best by her; but she wasn't well, she wasn't you. I never pretended she was.' He stole a glance at her before she proceeded. 'I've had my thoughts, specially since she's been gone, whether I wasn't a bit in a hurry over that business-whether, maybe, if I'd been a bit more patient like, and waited awhile, you mightn't perhaps have took to me in time ?' The ghost of a smile flitted across Alice's face. 'May be I might,' she assented, with a dim sense of the irony of the situation. 'Isn't it late in the day to be bringing that up?' 'I don't see where the lateness comes in.' He was standing over her, looking down at her with masterful eyes. 4 I'm free again and you, you're just the same a ever you were, and your mother' beyond wanting you now. Yoi can't make that an excuse. Am you're only twenty-nine, though don't deny but that you look a bi older. What's to hinder you fror having me ?' Alice drew a long breath, an leant back dizzily against the dooi post. It had come upon hor wit] absolute suddenness. She ha thought the past dead to all bu herself; now, in the swift inrus of new light, a thousand incident flashed into significance, and a he flush dyed her cheeks. Years ago she had told this ma she could never be his wife. Sh had put what she knew to be he life's happiness resolutely awa from her for duty's sake ; and h had taken her at her word, an married another woman. It ha been the sting of her joyless lot t see that other a happy wife, th proud, young mistres» of the hom that might have been hers; an she had borne it in silence, lookin forward with submission to he own future, the long years c neglected spinsterhood, spent i enduring the humours and minit tering to the wants of a selfist querulous old man. And nov hore was his love and devotio offered to her again. She had bu to stretch out her hand for it ; an and her woman's heart, starvin ¿or a little warmth and joy, clam otired insistently for its birthright. ?Oh, if I only might!' she thought, with a wild thrill of hope. 'If only it would not be wrong!' But the thrill died out as quickly as it had come, like the stilling of a quiet pool that a breath of sum mer wind has stirred in passing, and she looked up sadly into his eager face. * It's good of you to ask me again, John ; and Pd give you a different answer if I could. But I can't leave father. My place is at home.' ' What about Milly ? ' he urged. ' Surely she's old enough to see to things ? ' I ' Didn't you know ? She's going to be married at Easter.' John ground his heel viciously into the ground. ' Oh, of course ! ' he said, be tween his set teeth. ' I might have known! It was Kate's turn three years ago; and now Milly must get married at eighteen; and you are never to have a chance, but go slaving on for the rest of your life.' He looked at her appealingly as she stood there in the doorway, leaning against the wall, with the whiteness of the weird winter twi light about her, and the yellow rays of the stable lamp making an aureole round her head. She had never been a beauty, and the fresh ness of her youth had been ground out of her long ago; but she wat the one woman in the world tc him. 'Is there no way out?' he pleaded. Alice shook her head hopelessly She was an unlearned, ignoran' woman ; a working farmer's daugh ter. She knew nothing of th< specious latter-day doctrine tha exalts Love to the seat of a divin ity, and demands that all consider ations of right and honour am duty shall bow down before hei And her father needed her. ' It's a black, burning shame ! cried John. 'I'll tell you whal Alice, if I thought you really carei for me Pd not let you goonlik this ! I'd make you marry me ! ' Poor Alice trembled. He ha caught her hands in his, and the were shaking violently. She dare not meet the fire in his indignai grey eyes lest her secret should b out. He meant just whathesai< He was a masterful man, a man < strong passions and stronger wil and had small sympathy with h< father's weakness and self-indu gence. Had he but guessed at tl extent of his power over her, 1 would have used it unsparingly and she trembled for her resolve. ' You do care a bit for me, dor you, my girl ? ' She flashed a tortured look up i him. ' Ask your own sense ! ' she sa bitterly. ' Do you think, with tl life I've got, I'd Bay " No " to y( twice over, if I cared for youl ' It was the last despairing su terf uge of a sorely tempted woma John Beid, whose eyes were rivet) on her face, thought he saw nothit there but sincerity and irritation. 'No,' he said slowly, 'I dor think you would. You're t darned straightforward.' He dropped her hands ai turned away, but came back aft a few steps. ' Forgive me if I speak sbarpl; I he said huskily. ' I was disa pointed. It was my mista! There's nwt many Women like yo and I was a fool to think I had ai chance. But I'll not bother y again-I promise it faithfull Alice. Let's be friends as we we before ! ' He held out his hand. She p hers into it dumbly, and stoi watching him as he strode away. When she went into the hom her father was awake, seated the table in an apologetic frame mind, making an excellent supp ' Cold outside ? ' he inquired J fably, 'Think we'll be 'aving cold winter.' ' Looks like it,' said Alice li lessly, drawing a chair up, a loosening her wet boots. 'Who was that talking to you a while since ? ' asked Milly, com ing in from the pantry. 'Only John Reid.' 'You look nice and blue, my word!' 'I've got my feet wet with the rain ; and I'm tired. I think I'll have some hot tea and get to bed. There's no more to do outside.' ' I wonder now,' said Milly, re flectively, when the staircase door had closed on her sister, ' if she and John Reid have been quarrel ling?' Her father looked up in amaze ment. 'What's that about John Reid?' 'Oh, nothing,' giggled Milly. ' Only he's always hanging about the yard when she's there. I sup pose you know what that means ? ' ' Nonsense ! ' said her father, re turning complacently to his boiled bacon. ' Alice's none o' the' mar rying sort-else she'd have settled down years ago. She's a born old maid, is our Alice ! ' And upstairs, in her little low ceiled room under the eaves, the born old maid lay with the bitterest, most hopeless tears her woman hood had known coursing down hex cheeks. To do right and leave thc consequences to God was her simple creed. It is not an easy one to live up to. PAM H. Christmas Day fell on a Sunda] that year. John Reid, dropping I in in a casual way on Christraa I Eve, found Alice alone in th kitchen shredding breadcrumbs in to a bowl for stuning. 'Getting the goose ready?' h inqired cheerily, knocking the mu off his boots at the door. «Yes.' 'Weather keeps nice, and sea t sonable.' . ' Oh, very-for them that like it.' There was an irritable note i hor manner that was new to Johi He scented trouble at once. 'What's to do now?' he d< manded, in an altered tone. ' You'll hear to-morrow.* "Twasn'tabilLthen?' * Not exactly. He's going to I married-if ever you heard such thing !-to Ellen Atherton ! ' You may well stare ! ' she coi tinued bitterly. ' He couldn't ev< tell his own daughters. Old Dot let it out to Milly-quite by ace dent. Father had seen him abo the banns instead of the vicar.' 'Well!' John subsided on to the sof whistling, and vented a variety feelings in a prolonged grimace the strings of onions and immc telles that adorned the ceiling. 'I wouldn't worry aboutit,' ] suggested soothingly. ' May you'll get on with her all right.' ' 'Tjten't a question of ' gettii on,' ' she replied, with the bri queness of repressed emotic ' I'm'not wanted here any longei 'What?' 'He says he supposes I'll looking out for something to when once they've settled. I e peet Ellen put him up to it. I' written about a working-houi keeper's place. The letter is the shelf there. Maybe you'll p< it for me ? ' He sat staring at her dumbly. ' Do you mean to say,' he said last, 'that you've got notice quit? That now you've serv your turn out you may go ? * Alice nodded. Her heait v too full for speech. 'Well, I'm blest!' The touch of homely sympat was too much for her self restrai the pushed the stuffing-bowl aw with a sudden movement, ai flinging her arms down on 1 table, burst into a passion of bit weeping. John was terribly distressed. '. got up and hovered about her ii perfect agony of uneasy mascul compassion. ' Alice ! Alice ! ' he pleaded, 1 ing his big hand on her shoulc . Don't ! I can't bear to see it ! ' But poor Alice only sobbed more. His touch thrilled ', through with all the unBpeaka bitterness of Tain regret. She had given him up needlessly, and he had promised never to ask her again. And she loved him so dearly. She was too unsophisticated to estimate the effect her tears might have on John. He grew desperate, and flung his promise to the winds. 'Alice!' he cried hoarsely, 'I can't see you like this ! Oh ! if you must leave home, couldn't you -don't you think you could make shift to put up with me? I'm not ' much of a fellow, I know, but surely you'd be happier with me that you've known all your life than going on hire among stran gers V She flung up her head suddenly, her eyes blazing through their tears with a light in them that he had never seen before. She was a truthful woman. John was wont to say in after years that of all the astounding surprises he ever had, v that answer he got then " capped the lot." Next day Eichard Waring also received a surprised. He sat in the corner of his pew and heard his own banns read out with a self-satisfied smirk on bis coun tenance. In unfashionable agri cultural districts it is not incumbent on one's modesty to stay away from church on these interesting occa sions; but Eichard would pro bably have been there in any case. He loved to feel himself of impor tance, even in the smallest way, and the amazed stare of the congrega tion was incense to his mean, un dersized soul. But he had not heard all. ' Also between John Reid, widow er, and Alice Waring, spinster, both of this parish. These are for the first time of asking.' The curate shut the register, and am- . bled meekly through the conclud ing challenge, glad to have got to the end of the Christmas banns. Richard Waring's slack jaw dropped* A look of dazed, vacuous incredulity overspread his ruddy countenance. He glared wildly across the aisle at John Reid. John sat looking placidly at the curate. It must be a dream ! But the con gregation had transferred its amal gamated stare to John. That, at least, was no dream. He collapsed into a limp heap in the corner of his pew. The trodden worm had turned at last. After that, the deluge. He slunk home alone after ser vice. Alice was not in the kitchen. He went into the parlour, only used on state occasions, where the glow of a huge log fire danced over a table laden with the best the farm could afford. There he found John Reid, seated comfortably in the chimney-corner, as beseemed a prospective member of the family, and caught a glimpse of a reju venated Alice, all smiles and tears and blushes, who broke quickly from John's detaining arm, ana slipped past him out of the room. John Reid faced his father-in law elect with serene composure. ' Found the banns a bit livelier than you looked for ? ' he suggested. ' Thought you were going to do all the family marrying, didn't you ? ' Richard Waring sat down and unbuttoned his coat with trembling fingers. j 'I find it 'ard to forgive our I Alice,' he said feebly. ' If she'd only 'a told me, now ! But to go and put up 'er banns that way without so much as 'by your leave ' to 'er own old father ! I wouldn't 'a believed it of 'er-I wouldn't, really ! ' ' Wouldn't you now ? ' said John ironically. ' Well, I wouldn't have believed, neither, that a man would have worked his daughter like a horse for twelve years on end without so much as a * thank you,* and given her a month's notice, so to speak, when he had done with her-but I've heard of such things !' Waring wriggled uneasily. ' I suppose you'll soon be settling down soon, John?' he inquired, wilh bibulous meekness. 'You bet!' responded John cheerfully. 'I-I 'ope it won't be foo soon, John. You see, I promised Ellen Alice should stay on a bit to help just foi* a bit, you know¿ till she gets settled. I wouldn't like to 'ave -. to go back on my word.' ? 'Sh'n't be able to spare her,' said John. We shall be busy just then house- warming. If Milly isn't help enough you'll have to hire. See here, old man !1 He sat up with a suddenness that made ' the other wince. ' You've done with- Alice ! Oan you take that in, do you think ? All these years you've kept her toiling and moil ing, and working harder than any horse; and part of the time alie wasn't free, and part / wasn't free; and I couldn't life a finger for her. But now we're both free ; and she's mine'- mine, do you hear?-and you don't get one day's-no, not one hour's more work out of her than I can help. So there Î ' ' Here she comeB, now, with Milly and the dinner. WiBh her joy, old man, « and let us make a happy day of it.' 'i'm sure,' said Eicliard plain tively, as, having performed the ceremony of congratulation under the stern eve of his future relative, he drew up his chair, and uncov ered the goose-' I'm stire 1 did 'ope as it would 'ave been a happy dayjr You wouldn't think 'ow I looked forward to it ! And now but there,' he concluded hastily, * we won't say no more about it. Leg, John, or a bit o' th' breast ?' THE END. 