Confirmation at St. James's, Morpeth. On Sunday the Right Rev. the Bishop of New castle administered the Holy Rite of Confirmation in St. James' Chnrch, Morpeth, to 29 males (includ ing one from the parish of Sfc. Paul's West Mait land) and 83 females — 62 in all. The chnrch was crowded, and numerous extra seats were provided in tbe centre alley and chancel. The service com menced precisely at 3 p.m., with the hymn 'The Church's One Foundation.' The Rector (the Rev. A. C. Thomas^ t-.hfln rnnrl £Via nr.liniinarv /.nllanfa and fche special lessons from the Acts and Hebrews! taken from the little book compiled by the Bishop for use on these occasions. After which was sung ' Soldiers of Christ, Arise' by the choir and con gregation — the candidates remaining seated and silent. Then commenced the ' Order of con firmation' from the prayer book, the Rector reading the preface. After which the BiBhop delivered from the chancel Bteps his first address, makiug an earnest and forcible appeal to the candidates; and then calling over the names of theiA all from a liBt prepared by the Rector, and checked before the service commenced, he pnt the momentous question, and then in the usual manner brought the responsibilityto bear on each candidate individually by again repeating his or her christian name with the interrogation. 'Do You?' To which each one audibly answered ' lido.' After a short pause for silent prayer afc the requestof the Bishop was sung, all kneeling, ' Come, Holy Ghost, our aouls Inspire' to Twyte&* chant. Then followed the ' Laying on of hands' in the Bishop's most impressive manner, on the males first ; a steady and continuous stream of candidates being kept up, so that there should be no unnecessary lengthening of the service, as one by one they kn'elt before the Bishop at the chancel step. The hymn 'O God, our help in I'gea past' having been sung, the girle went up also one by-one for their 'Laying on of hands.' When the last had returned to her seat, the usual collects were said by the BiBhop, and then he gave his second address, equally earnest and powerful with the first. After which the bymn 'G Jesus, I have promised' was sung moBt heartily by tbe newly confirmed alone, sup ported by the organ, the choir and congregation remaining silent. Immediately followed the familiar 'Onward, Christian Soldiers,' during which ths offerings were made, and amounted to £8 5s, to be devoted to the ' Church Aid Fund' of the dioceBe. The whole service occupied exactly fcivo hours. As fche congregation left the building the newly confirmed wero requested by the Bishop to remain I seated, and then, as each filed out before tbeir chief pastor, he or ahe was greeted with a hearty hand shake and a few cordial and cheering words. The Bishop was in splendid form, and expressed himself as very pleased with the reverent behaviour of tho candidates. The Bishop' also preached afc St. James' at the evening service. - 