A DAY AT PISA. The dark Signorina and I, who were staying at Florence together, determined to make a day's excursion to Pisa To do this it was necessary to start at an absurdly early hour in the morning, and, therefore, entitled some little preparation beforehand All things being arranged, however, on the eventful morning I was awakened by my vigilant little alarm, to find it pouring with run, so curled myself up for some three hours' more sleep At this point the dark Signorina, looking like a classic ghost, in a frilly pink dressing gown, came into my room, and give Rusher opinion that this was a clearing shower Silo flung open my shutters, and, letting the fresh cool mr strewn in upon me, insisted on my rousing myself to discuss the situation After hanging out of the window and screwing up our eyes at the decidedly black clouds, who interviewed Kenmore, the cook, who a is already preparing our breakfast in her marble kitchen As Italian politeness lomppUcd her to say just what she thought a ould ple ino us, for answer gave as little or no help, but the Signorina, with one of her flashes of inspiration, sug ested, in wheedling tones, that we should ignore the rain, and " playing " it was a brilliantly fine day, sturt off as first arranged, so we hurried through our toilets and breakfast, and drove off, two children for the time being, with a full determination of enjoying ourselves The dark Siguonua bought the railway tickets, as being better equipped to battle with the officials, and see they did not clear in giving change, as Italian railway officials so playfully do On counting up we found this time we were only a penny short between us " Well, you know," said the Signorina, " he might have cheated us of five francs, so there's a clear gain to begin the day with " This nature ally raised our spirits and we started givE The country was lovely enough during the hour and a half's journey to cheer the most pessimists spirit The Arno wound in and out through emerald green mondona that were dotted with creamy buildings roofed with red tiles here and there were groves of tender grow olives, and best of all, a brilliant blue sky with billowing white clouds overhead The policy of ignoring bad bob Siviour had succeeded this time We discussed our plans as we went along, asked one another were we really, truly, going to see the leaning tower of Pisa, also, if it had managed to keep from falling for some seven hundred years, what probability was there for its choosing this particular April morning for tumbling down ? The latter half of the journey conversation consisted of suspiciously vivacious and irrelevant remarks, separated by long intervals At last we arrived at Pisa station, and the minute we were safely on the platform looked at one another, and had Bimultuuoously " police," for it was bitterly cold, and we were hungry and sleepy After coffee, we started north, and once outside the station were beset by guides and cab drivers, but we smiled in a superior manner, and waved them disdainfully aside Indeed, the dark Signorina said in Italian "Oh no thank you, I know it quite well," to an importunate guide, which was-mtlior-you know following a narrow street straight from the statue brought us to the yellow Arno, flanked by houses of pure creamy stone, red rooted, and green shuttered Some fete was to be celebrated that night, and already they were stringing up coloured lamps along the quays, and hanging trappings of crimson and blue from the windows The Pnsan peasants a oar the most lovely great coats of terra-cotta cloth, lined with pale green and trimmed with tawny for Such delicious colour ' Too dark Signorina has quite determined to have a Pisan co it to wear on the Block next winter Some of the c babies are attired like this, and the horses have long furry tails fastened over each ear, and two still feathers standing upright on the top of their heads We continued along the narrow street after crossing the bridge, and still no signs of the tower or cathedral when all at once we turned a corner and came suddenly upon the piazza No cure ally planned surprise could be more effective Picture a vast space car are 1 with greenest gross, and dotted over with tiny white daisies in the centre stands the Duomo (cathedral) In front of it is the baptistery, behind it the tower leaning over as much as the most exacting heart could desire, and on the farther side of the piazza stretches the long, in sorrow Cvuipo a into All those buildings are of white marble, cross cream) with, the long, years of sunshine It seemed impossible these four lovely things could have been built in one place, but rather, as if by some magic, they had been gleaned from various countries, and placed here in company One end of the piazza 13 formed by the city wall, and an open gateway gave glimpses into the country outside We walked quietly about for some time, mar- I voicing all the delicate tracery, the wonderful area for, the inlaid marble and carving of the buildings , we were content for a little just to walk about, rejoicing in the blue sky and sunshine and the thought of the long day before us, in which to become acquainted with those beauties Finally we began work by going into the bap- mystery It is built in marble, of course, and is circular in shape In the centre of the interior is a huge front, the pavement of which is arranged in a wavy pattern of black and white marble in roLresont rippling water-it almost amounts to an optical delusion The most celebrated thing here is the pulpit by Kiccolo Pisuno, in which, by the big advance over all previous Italian sculpture, Piano struck the first note of what was to be in after years the great symphony of the Renamsanoo This building has a wonderful echo The ous todian slugs the notes of the common chord slowly, the result is a burnt of harmony As it is dying away he repeats the chord 111 versely, and the two schools blond till the whole building sites in a marvellous manner By the way, Ivuskin is particularly talking about people who come here and think more of the more than the soup turn Next we bent our steps to the Campo Santo, where the real hard work of the day lay, namely, in studying the frescoes there The Campo Santo (" Holy field in the sweet name given to Italian cemeteries This particular one is really a cloistered enclosure, the " field proper being of the same dimensions as the Ark of Noah It is made of holy ground, of shiploads of earth being brought from Mount C ilvary that the de- id might live in s had earth Round the four sides of the quadrangle runs a wide open arcade, with 62 arches on the inner or quadrangle side. The opposite wall of the arcade is painted in frescoes, which have suffered very much from the sea air, some being totally destroyed Three celebrated frescoes are on the south wall. It is a disputed point by whom they were painted, the claim lying between Andre Oroagna, a pupil of Plato, and the brothers Lorenzen The first fresco is " The Triumph of Death " On the right is a gay company of ladies and courtiers, singing and playing on lines luke Boccaccio's characters in the 'Uooainoron," they jest when death is near, for it likes towards them in the form of a happy with bats wings and claws At one side ho a host of corpses bearing various insignia that distinguish them, as 11 bishop's mitre, a king's crown, soldier's armour Their souls nee from their mouths in the shape of new born infants, and are received by angels and demons Sometimes a struggle ensues between a good and an evil spirit for the possession of a soul The angels have butterflies' wings of gorgeous colours, the demons are in the form of beasts of pray, or loathsome reptiles A crowd of cripples and deformed people pray to Death to release them, but she passes them by On the extreme left a hunting party come winding down the mountains, they come upon there upon seoul olives with dead bodies (most repulsive ropes sented) lying in them The huntsmen turn aside in disgust, one noble lady leans her cheek on her hand and muses As usual with old pictures, portraits of reigning princes and well- known personages are freely introduced The second Rosie is the " Last Judgment " Christ as judge, full of majestic wrath, the Virgin by his aide typical of divine sorrow, the Apostles and saints are ranged on either side The blessed are very sweet and tender, but the condemned make one shudder As in the last picture there are most wonderful angels cry cling overhead or receiving the blessed into Paradise " Hall," the last of this series, is simply horrible in its fascination The various tortures are represented going on round Satan, who himself tortures Judas The awfulness is marred by Satan being distinctly of the old bogey type The influence of Dante's writings on his contemporaries may be easily traced in these paintings Of the remaining frescoes the chief are 24 scenes of " Old Testament " history, by Benuzzi Gorioli, a pupil of the saintly Ezra Angelico But the dark Signorina who was studying with a purpose and I gave ourselves to serious v York for some three hours or more And it was so feelingly cold in this marble arcade that every now and then we had to go into the sunny quadrangle to thaw for we grow blue and (shivering, and the sun was on much recent. So it was not all pure comfort. Just before? we left the custodian presented each of us with a tiny bouquet of roses and cypress, grown in, holy ground, and therefore of much virtue. So we thanked him-and tipped him, and departed. We had been told the finest time to see the view from the tower was at midday, so now we braced ourselves to the ordeal. The first thing is to go to the centre of the tower base and look up to the top, the tower being in the form of a. double cylinder, hollow inside. The custodian tells you to stand against the wall on the high side and let your head and books touch it. He smiles triumphantly when the slant of the wall 'as you forward and you lose your balance. This is a frivolous preliminary to climbing the 201 marble steps, which we now started upon, Every now and again an opening in the inner wall lets you see down into the central well, while windows in the outer wall give glimpses of the country. It is indescribably horrible as you wind round to fool the tower begin to heel over slowly from one side to another so it seems. At length we reached the top and found ourselves at a door- way that led on to the uppermost of the open arcades that run round the tower. We sat down on the step and argued animatedly as to whether; we should do what, after all, was the real reason of our climbing the interminable staircase i.s., to go outside and walk round the tower. Finally we decided we both felt very much too scared to do anything but sit on the top step till we gathered courage enough to go winding down that staggering tower. It was then temptation assailed us. " We could always," murmured the dark Signorina in that most seductive voice of hers, " We could always say we walked round !" So thus we agreed and at dinner time that very evening, having read up " Baedeker," we gave an eloquent description of the sea gleaming in the disc once, the winding Arno, the towers and palaces of Pisa, lia viewed from the top arcade of the Campanile ! After all we did go up. The dark Signorina interviewed the custodian when we came down on the advisability of allowing ing visitors to ascend alone, not only because it was against the rules, but also on account of the facility it offered to those contemplating suicide. *' Did any one over throw themselves from the tower ?" she asked. " Oh, yes, a great money," he answered blandly, seeming to consider it an added attraction. Clearly, after the tower the great thing was lunch. A drizzling rain was falling by this time, and our climb had left us in a weak and tottering condition. In fact, as we walked to the river Bids by a street the dark Signorina looked up in Baedeker, and facetiously called a short cat, we were troubled by the feeling that all the houses were leaning over. But certainly there is more than one tower aslant in that city. We found our restaurant, and had a real Italian dinner, maccaroni and choose, of course and a most remarkable stew of meat, served with a sauce that included among its ingredients, raisins and chocolate and for drink, red wine in a wicker covered flask. After lunch the weather cleared again, and we went back to the piazza and into the cathedral, going round in our usual systematic and studious manner. One very interesting thing in a gilded lamp suspended from the roof in the nave. The regular swinging minion of (his lamp is supposed to have suggested the pendulum to Galileo. There is a lovely painting of Saint Agnes by Andrea del Santo affixed to one of the great pillars. The saint is supposed, like so many of this artist's pictures, to be a portrait of that beautiful, petulant wife of his with whom Browning has made us familiar. But we were anxious about a pulpit by Niccolo Pisano, which should have been here and plainly was not. The steps were his evidently but the pulpit to which they led was, even to my eyes, not the work of the great Pisano. The indefatigable Signorina went to interview the custodian, while I collapsed in a heap on the choir stops, and wondered why people were insane enough to go sight-seeing. The Signorina returned triumphantly to say the pulpit itself had been removed to the Church of Saint Somebody-or-other at the opposite side of the town. I answered to the effect that I did not care in the least if it were. For a brief moment the Signorina regarded me in horror, then dropped to my side with " Nor I either ; don't let us do another thing." So we sat there for some time resting, and decided to have an hour's driving in a carriage round the city, I stipulating for a picturesque horse and driver. Outside the cathedral was a cab-stand, and the Signorina inquired the fare per hour of the first cabby, naturally he asked too much, and she demanded his tariff card, and proved him in the wrong. This delighted him. No Italian respects the man or woman who pays without bargaining. He therefore started to prove the fallibility of tariff cards, and all the other cabbies took part in the discussion. A compromise being effected, we entered the carriage and drove off with a flourish. It is characteristic of the dark Signorina, that when she paid the man she gave him his own price. Now you must know that every second shop in Pisa is a marble shop, where, among other treasures, may be bought little models of the piazza with its four buildings, and we were quite determined to become the possessors of one apiece as souvenirs. So the first place to which our amiable cabby took us was a marble shop. At the beginning I had demurred to the purchase, as having the trail of the tourist distinctly over it, but the Signorina pointed out that as we had been going about all day one with Bae- decor and one with Hare staring at everything open-mouthed," it was no good pretending to be better than we really were. The Signorina again won admiration by her able bargaining with the shopkeeper, the cabman assisting us in the trains action with easy grace. She bought the whole piazza, but I less lavish, contented myself with a model of the tower. It stands before me as I write. During the fact that the topmost tier is merely glued on, and frequently becomes an glued in hot weather, it has been a most profitable investment and a constant joy. The belt models urn hollow, with coloured paper windows, and by putting a lighted match inside you have a superb effect. But these were beyond our plume. Our drive was enjoyable, and our cabby an accomplished guide. The Signorina and he con- versed volubly, while I nodded and smiled continuously to show my intelligence. We drew up at the railway station just in time for our train. We were tired and altogether limp, but quite happy, and each clutching tightly her marble treasure. On the way back to Signorina proved by more conclusive argument that we each saved something like 15s by going to Pisa. Bethatas it may, I for one would be quite willing to forego my sayings, and still, like David Copperfield, " count it cheap for so much joy" . the National Gallery was visited last year by '122,913 persons on the free week days and 30,635 on the Sundays. 