'OUR LORD JESUS CHRIST." (By Bev. Joseph Parker, D.D.) My text is in the Epistle to the Romans; my text is in the first Epistle to the Corinthians, and in the second Epistle; my text is in the Epistle to the, Colos sians; my text' is in the Epistle to the Ephesians; my text is in the Epistle to the Hebrews, and in James, and in the little: burning note called "The Epistle of j Jude," and in both of Peter's. Why ask me for_ chapter and verse? My text is in four words, containing all the chapters. and all tlie verses of all the prophets, and all the minstrels and all the dreamers whose dreams were true. Why ask me for chapter and verse? When will you get rid of the little textual difficulty and be Biblical, and find eternity in time, and revelation in the whole Book of God? My text is in four words, and I shall therefore expect the youngest of you to remember them, "Our Lord Jesus Christ." 1 want you to fix attention -unon the word "our." "Our Lord Jesus Christ." We ha\ve read and prayed just now about the Christ, Christ, the Christ. That i3 quite right, but I could not. spare my special word. I must retain the "our," the term of appropriation, ownership, intensest sympathy, deepest, Divinist I loyalty. Note the word "our;" it is the tear of the text. All the pathos is in that word for the time being. We often ] use the word "our" in the very tender rela tions. We say "our home." It is not much of a place. There are not many pictures in it, and as for cabinetry and aesthetic, taste, whatever that may be, there is not much of it; but still, it is our home, it is our j home. We love to be under its kindly roof. We know it is small and would not sell for much in the open market-place. We know all that, but every piece of furniture has its history. It means industry, care, thrift, and the whole constitutes a refuge into which 'business cares arid anxieties and all the manifold troubles of life can hardly | penetrate. It is "our home," and so we say "our child, our children." The boy is not so bright as many, nor so beauti ful^ as our neighbor's children, - but he is "our -boy," She" is "our girl," and if there he defect or infirmity, if the child 'be deaf or dumb or lame, it seems to be sevenfold ours more than ever. .My silent boy, I hold thee to my breast Just as I did when thnu vert newly-born. It may be sinful, but I love thee best, And kiss tliy lips the longest night and morn. Explain that! You cannot; it goes hack I into the eternities, and flows out over days and morrows and yesterdays of this troub ling and wasting fife. So it is "Our Lord Jesus Christ." "PLEDGED MEN." You see, we are pledged men, and. we do not want any men amongst us who are not pledged. We do not want any mini sters who are inventing a Christ on Sun day morning that they may preach Him on Sunday evening. He is "Our Lord Jesus'Christ," "the same yesterday, to day and for ever," and unless we .grasp that notion, and warp it into the very tis sue and substance' of our being, we shall ■ be poor preachers; we shall have, nothing toi preach. You see, I repeat, and I see so many young, faces around me,-1 seem to' be addressing a great multitude in a col-' lege—you see, we are pledged men. Our Christ is not open to criticism. We do not take Him • down to the common market place and say,'"Men, what think you of this Man? Will He do?" Take your wife down, and sell her at the auctioneer's box, but do not drag the Son of God into such humiliation. . Of * course I have some sympathy—I used to have a great sympathy—with | those persons'who. are seeking a.Christ in the pulpit, and partially engaging somebody else's Christ, and wondering whether this is in harmony with a cer tain school of criticism or out. of it. My dear sir, sit down; that is not preaching, and never will be preaching. Tell me what Jesus Christ has done for you, what He has done in- the way of illumination, and i forgiveness, and-comfort, and succour — oh! tell me that, and I will listen long, and the sermon will not be tedious. Tediousness never creeps into any sermon that is full of the blood of the'Lamb. He is "Our Lord Jesus Christ." He is not the Christ of some other man, mayhap, but He is ours, and we cannot] surrender Him, and we will not be dis loyal to Him, -and we will wait for the signal of His hand before we move, or strike, or do ought in life. "Our Lord Jesus Christ." We have kissed every one of the five' wounds out of which flowed the blood that redeemed us. We cannot go back on the oath; we are sworn men. It is not for us to be hob nobbing with the infidel, and the doubter, and the unbeliever, and the questioner, and getting the measles of his folly. It is our business to love our Lord with heart, and soul, and mind, and strength, because He first loved us. This choice is perfectly voluntary on. our part. People talk as if we were forced to he Christians There is no force in it, except the force and the compulsion of love and grace—the greatest of allforces.. We chose Jesus Christ in response to His own. Gospel offers; we said, "Yea, Lord, take' my heart, and let it be Thy dwelling-place. Take me altogether; reign in me without a rival, and Thy presence in my heart shall drive away all shadow and all fear, and when I meet the grave I will say, 'Where thy victory? and, Death, where . thy sting?' " Thanks be unto God who giveth us the victory, through this faith which we have voluntarily and lovingly adopted, and, being voluntarily, it is intelligent. You see, we have bad a choice of being in fidels, and did not accept the-opportunity. It is not as if we were compelled to tgke this by force, or suffer some kind of ex communication. .We make an intelligent choice; we look into all the so-called^ re ligions, and we say, each for himself, "My Lord and My God,- Thou Sou of Man, .Thou Man of Sorrows!" • How difficult it will be to get out of the minds of some people the notion that we are not compelled, or that' '.ve are living in an air of superstition, and that we do not really know what we accept and adopt and approve! We claim to be,, on the average, intelligent, men- — fairly in structed men. We have had the oppor tunity of seeing all the infidelities that have ever strutted across the stage of life, and we have rejected them one by one. • We have tasted a good deal of the other side. We know, some among us, no doubt, fear, infidelity, possible athe ism. We have seen what these things can do, and we have solemnly renounced, the whole of them, and our cry to - day is to Jesus Christ, "My Lord and my God!" ' BURIED THEORIES. . It is wonderful if ever you have., acted a part, an imaginative part, of a spiritual chaplain in desert places, what. a large cemetery you have filled with things you have got tired of. We have buried theo ries, suppositions, conjectures, program mes, and some of us have even buried two or three—I am afraid I shall be misunder stood — two or three hypotheses. No priest consecrated at the altar of God ever., buried these "in sure and certain hope of glorious,, resurrection." They have left no friends, no'healed hearts, no comforted fives; tfiey fiave done nothing to kindle the fight of the lamp of hope over a wrecked, ruined, struggling world. I think I should prefer, if they must exist at all, to have the hypotheses, the conjectures, and the new "conceptions" in the pew rather than in the pulpit. I do not see that any man has a right to go into " the pulpit with his indigestion and misunderstanding and hesitations. ' and doubts and quibbles. They may in themselves be sincerely held,. and sin cerely accepted, hut the pulpit is not the, place for their proclamation. When we get into the pulpit we should bring in our hearts "Our Lord Jesus Christ." -We see'therefore that '$pur" Lord so treated becomes very sweet and pathetic. It in dicates an experience which includes an i educational process, which includes an en lightened and settled decision. With Christ I we live or die. We have accepted the discipline of Christ. Discipline is a severe word. It is a test word. The discipline of Christianity is- the proof of Christianity. This , is' not a new variety of mere sentimentality. Christianity is a disci pline, and the discipline of Chris tianity proves the doctrine, goes the whole length of the doctrine, and sustains- it at every point. Who, then, can ',be saved? Ah! who, then, can be saved?. Christianity is a cross. Oh, if it were an ornament, a jewel to be worn on the person, we could accept it. and be proud of it; but it is-a cross. It means pain and self-annihilation, self-obliteration, self-contempt, and it means dying with j Jesus Christ. How do you Know the doc trine is true? Because the discipline is true. TIIE DISCIPLINE OF CHRIST. What is the discipline? Severe, pene trating, continual, impartial, so far as feh-e j limits of the present revelation- and dis-j pensation are concerned: This -would empty many churches, and the sooner the better. We do not want, a merely senti mental'piety, a variety of superstition, an orthodoxy that has no soul. We want the j discipline of Christ. Here, hi in talk. "N'ever man spake lUce this man." "If thy .right I hand offend thee,cut it off." Who,then,can' be saved?" "If tbv right eve offend thee, pluck it out." Who, then, can be saved?' We. thought Christianity was a doctrinal catechism. Oh, no; it is a discipline coming | out of a doctrine, inspired by a doctrine, regulated b}- a doctrine; a logos translated into action, conduct—action and conduct I themselves, including spirit, motive, tem per. disposition. 1 "He is a very excellent man." Indeed! How do you prove that? "He goes to churc-h twice every Sunday." That, proves nothing., "He is one of the most exem- I plary men in the matter of being regularly 1 in his place in the church." That amounts to nothing. "He is exceedingly - anxious that the Gospel should be preached. Aye. and equally anxious that the Gospel should be practised. He says he knows the Gospel when he hears it." I doubt it. I distinctly and solemnly doubt it. Are these the attrir-1 butes and qualities which you supply as i illustrations in evidence? What is the discipline? Feed the hungry; clothe the naked; resist the devil; pray continually; take no thought for the morrow. This is part o'f the discipline; and is there any re laxation? None. This is the religion of the cross, baptised with blood, carrying as its badge the cross that saved the world. THE ENDEAVOR TO DO." Then let us have no more chattering and chaffering, if you please, about this mail not being souhd, and that man not being orthodox, and about you knowing the Gospel when you hear it, and youi' wanting a certain measure of Gospel. If that is your temper you know nothing about the Gospel,-' The Gospel is a temper and a disposition; a soul, a disposition wrought and wrought only by the Holy Ghost. "But- this would empty the churches." Certainly. "But this is a very discouraging Gospel!" I did not -make it. Said a friend to me some time ago, "Is it not very discouraging to tell us that in all our struggles after ideals we shall fail to attain them?" I read the Divine Word, and I do not believe that a man strug gling after ideals, and failing to find them, is accounted a failure by God. Do not be discouraged. To be on the way is to be right—to make a severe endeavor seven times, and to fail six' of the seven. You. would succeed if you could,. and you have done ■' it. , "Thou didst ' well that it was in '• thine heart to build Me a house." . I't never came , to visible masonry, but it was a dream in thy life, a great prompting in thy soul, and thou hast in' .very deed built a-i temple, not in .the actual sense, but in another sense to ; be interpreted by-and by. »So it is -that all our struggle is to ob serve the discipline of .'Christ. - The en deavor to do is to a large extent the doing of it, and Christ never calls us to any dis cipline He Himself has not undergone, and He never calls us to a discipline without providing the grace to endure it. That is the encouragement. Best in that assur ance. . • THE CONSOLATIONS OF CHRIST, i Having accepted the discipline of "Our I Lord Jesus Christ," we have accepted the [ .consolations of "Our Lord Jesus Christ," and we have need of .every one of them. It hath pleased God to give to many poor souls cup after cup of sacramental griel, but Jesus Christ .our Lord, "'Our 'Lord Jesus Christ," could always show, a greater woe than ours. We have carried our little griefs, and leaned them against" tpe greater griefs of His inevitable grief. The consolations follow the discipline; the dis cipline cuts top the ground, the consola tions-come to-fill up that cut ground".with God's own grace, and with the seed "of-a blessed 'harvest. The' consolations of Christ abound towards us. We have some times been almost atheists in this matter almost— blessed be God'for that almost! How could He do this! How could He lift His axe so; high, and bring it down so swingingly and persistently upon the -very root of ; our life!. The consolation follows —if not- to-day, to-morrow—and a conso lation exactly adapted to the . sorrow and the necessity. So you see, we have prov ed. ."Our" Lord Jesus Christ," and He is ours because of His consolations and up holdings,. and manifest comfortings of His grace, . ..He is ours in a sense none can know who has not been- taught in the bit ter School and the costly school of ex perience: But the consolations- Shall abound, and all the distresses are allayed. That is something. In my spiritual imagination I have seen this realised most happily and completely. I have seen a great sea, I could barely see it, but I have no doubt about its ex istence. . It throbbed like inconceivable distress in the great darkness, and as I watched that darkness I have seen flung through it two great symbolic birds, vul tures of the night. A ■ voice has sounded to me in the depths of sorrow's darkest midnight. . "Herein is that saying true, 'Sorrow and sighing shall flee away.'" I saw them go; I heard the uplifting of their wings, i.nd I heard the beating and the palpitating of- those wings in the cold night air, and I realised1 the meaning of the proT phet's words, "Sorrow and sighing, as black vultures, thou didst say, shall flee away." So, if for a moment I. have made you sorry with the discipline of Christ, I hasten to make you glad with His con solations. But we must pass-through the discipline. "Straight is the- gate, and nar row is the way, to anything worth hav ing. This is the text of all education. "Strait is the gate, and narrow is' 'the way" that ieadeth t,o anything, commer cial, religious, spiritual—that is worth ac quiring and worth holding. , When, tfierelore, you say, "The preach er was severe with us in insisting upon the cross, and the plucking out 'of the right eye, and the cutting off of the right hand,, when occasion required, and the speaker was in a strange mood when- he spoke of -this discipline," be just to the preacher, and say that when he had passed that dark subject he eaine into the con solations of Christ, and our hearts burned within us," whilst he reminded us of the ex ceeding great and precious promises the Gospel. " I have no fear of men failing in great crises to show . their .lpyalty to Jesus Christ, but I want to examine that loy alty.. I do not care for your romantic piety; I do not care 'for your rising, either tit the end pf centuries, or at the be ginning of centuries to do some wondrous thing, unless it be an expression of con secration that has been going on for a life time, and the final expression of fervent love, llien it is right, and precious, and acceptable unto God. But what we want is, in relation to "Our Lord Jesus Christ, "a" steady, daily, constant obedience to his blessed -will, a quiet household life, a business conducted face to face with the Decalogue, and a,life lived in the spirit of the life of "Our Lord Jesus Christ." It is so hard for some peo ple to live a commonplace, steady, obedient life. . They want something - hysterical, •something romantic, something exciting, and they eanhot be content with the little daily acts of love. Here is a young man. He says, "Why, bless her, I would go up to my chin, I would go through fire and water for my dear old mother." My dear boy, she d'oes not want you to do anything so foolish. -The sweet old lady would like you to come home an hour earlier every night. She does not want you to.. go through fire and water. There is a ro mance that is a lie. There are many peo ple who are only waiting for grand oppor tunities. But there is an immense diffi culty in getting them in the meantime to do the next thing, the next thing, a very simple thing. If the prophet ;baae them do some great" thing/why they would do it with 'trumpets and songs and drums; but to do. the little duty, the daily task, the.common round, is too much to be ex pected' of genius. Beware of genius, if it is not translatable into some kind of action and charity. It is not a dream from hea ven, but a nightmare—from whence I know not.. . CHRISTIAN COURTESY: Yes, and Jesus notices neglects as well as celebrations. What an eye He had for the application of sweet, tender, beautiful cour tesy! Weary not.in courtesy. You say, " 'Weary not in well, doing.' That means 'Do not get tired of the Sunday-school.'" Oh, no; it means,- "Weary not in courtesy, in civility, .in doing well graciously—not roughly, brusquely., Weary-not .in the lit tle charities and sweet civilities of life-" How Jesus kept His eyes open to these things. " 'Simon, I have somewhat to say unto thee,' and 'he said, 'Master, say on.' 'A certain man had two debtors. One of them owed him five hundred talents, and the other five hundred pence. And when they had nothing to pay he frankly forgave them both. Which of them thinkest thou loved him most?' And he answered, 'I suppose him to whom he forgave most/ And Jesus said unto him, 'Thou hast an swered right. When I entered into thy house thou gavest Me no kiss.' " To think that He missed it—the courtesy, the civi lity, the gracious salutation; He did not say, "Thou didst blaspheme;" He said, "Thou gavest Me no lciss. Mine head with oil thou didst not anoint." He missed the ointment, transfixed the hypocrite with the fire and spear of his eye—noticing not great blasphemies and 'high treason, and great breaches of the decalogue, but notic ing the little neglects, the little omissions of•life. Why, if Ave neglect the little rfchings of life, what are they? What is there left? It would be like keeping all the polysylla bles by themselves, and leaving out all the little words. And the little words are the great words—and nobody seems to know it—in practical life. The dictionary can do wonders with a polysyllable. The great lexicographer absolutely revels in it, and gives his children a half-holiday when he as to explain a polysyllable. I say, ex plain to ine life, light, love, truth, peace, joy; and without these where would your language be? No man can live on techno logical dictionaries, and elaborated, far reaching antiquarian ideas and phrases. So Jesus said, "Feed the poor, he eyes to the blind, do your, daily duty. Let the dead bury their dead; come thou and preach the Gospel; follow Me. i have given you an example. As I have done to you do ye so to one another, and to all who corns within your Christian influence." So when ive say "Our Lord Jesus Christ," Ave are not to be content with a great demon stration, great bloAving of trumpets, and Avaving of banners; but Ave are to bring lit tle duties and simple tasks and household lives, and offer 'them to "Our Lord Jesus Christ." ' But enthusiasm arising put of that obedience will ahvays be acceptable in God's sight; effort coming out of faith will he acceptable in heaven. We need special glimpses of the Christ periodi cally that give us the full glitter of the light, but Ave want the' simple household life and conduct behind and before all this. I never-' can forget that great, glorious mother, that greatest of all the queens, Victoria, and hoAV on one occasion she was present at the rendering of the "Hallelujah chorus." It is the custom of an English audience to rise whilst that "Hallelujah chorus" is being rendered. All the_ people leapt to their feet, but Her Majesty sat still in her appointed place. The great chorus rolled on, "Hallelujah, fop c\Ter and ever; for ever and ever, King of kings, . and". Lord of lords. Hallelujah, King of kings;" and her Majesty rose, and she never Avas so queenly as Avlien in rising at that great challenge she flung her simple diadem at t'he feet of "Our Lord Jesus Christ." So therefore it -jnust be with us. The common duty, the daily task, the occa sion for the steady exposition of the Word, the daily reading of the . testi mony; and then, oh occasion,- the proclamation as if speaking in the King's name, ever a most critical mo ment in the spiritual history. But there must be_ a daily reading, perhaps as chapter _ in the morning, .perhaps a chapter in the evening, and then,. noAv and again, a special outburst of praise: sometimes the praise interrupted Avith poetry, sometimes the critical exposition suspended, that. the critic may cry, in the fulness of the love of his heart, "My Lord and my God. Praise the Lord." Amen., v 