BREVITIES. " The Ironworks picnic excursion to Blackheath is set down for Saturday, Feb. 18. The ladies of the W.C.T.U. will have the tea- booth at the show again this year. A good many of our district police have been at Bathurst, attending the Quarter Sessions, this week. A week of evangelistic services will be held in the local Presbyterian church, commencing on Sunday, the 19th inst. Messrs. E. H. Taylor and Co. announce in this issue Borne important sales of farms, cattle, horses, etc., at Oberon next week. Wo are asked to mention that the Oberon Land Board meeting will commenco on March 9 — not the 8th, as previously stated. This morning thoro were six patients in the hospital. The victims of the recent burning accidents are reported to be making steady pro gress. We are informed that the wages paid in con nection with Eskbank ironworks and colliery for the month of January amounted to tho substan tial sum of JE2456. The local coal trade appears to bo a trifle better this week. It is stated that more is now taken for railway requirements and that this is respon sible for the improvement. Wo hear that Mr. Surveyor Chapman has re cently surveyed tho land in Mr. Brown's pad dock which the Government proposo to acquire as a public park or recreation reserve for Lith gow. Owing to tho length of Monday's hospital meeting — it lasted ovor two-and-a-half hours — the committee were unable to deal with the plans for the proposed infections wards. These will be considered at next meeting. Applications aro invited by the Council in this issue for tho position of lamplighter at a weekly wage of JE1 10s and inspector of nuisances at £1 per week. Also for tho position of assistant at tho gas and water works at £2 8s per week. A preliminary announcement in this issue states that a concert will be given by the Iron works Minstrel and Variety Troupe on March 6, towards providing now instruments for Lithgow Model Bond. This is likely to obtain good sup port. Judging by the result of the Premiers' confer ence Lithgow is no longer in the running as the Eossible site for the Australian capital. Tho undred-mile limit settles that. Bathurst is the nearest point on the line which has the ghost of a show. Soorotory Adams writes to say that the Lith gow Model Band will render a musical pro gramme next Monday night from Mr. C. Hoopor's balcony. It is the intention of the band to play at different centres at intervals of two or three weeks. Mr. J. C. Ellis's farm — consisting of 1280 acres c.p. and c.l. — was offered for sale on Monday by Mr. Gripper. Tho attendance was good, but bidding was-very slow. As the highest offer was not equal to the reserve price, the land was with drawn for private sale. Mr. Ted Abbott, carter, who was better known under another name, has, we hoar, left Lithgow with his family to try his luck in Sydney. Ted will long be remembered in connection with tho Progress Committee election of twelve years ago, when ho was placed seventh on the poll. At the Bankruptcy Court yesterday before Mr. Registrar Cohen, the single meeting in the estate of Robert William Lindsay, of Leura, was held. He attributed his bankruptcy to scarcity of em ployment. There were no creditors present, and the examination was declared concluded. - The circular issued by the Ratepayers' Asso- - ciation in regard to tho municipal elections has now beon pretty generally distributed. Tho whole matter rests with those who will vote to-morrow. Every ascertainable fact bearing on the Wiseman scandal has beon -placed before ratepayers through our columns during the past six months, and tho decision now remains in their hands. The coke-ovens at Oakoy Park pit are expected to bo ready for work in about a couple of weeks. They are now undergoing a process of drying, their construction having been completed. The engine-room, hopper, and crushing machinery have boon erected. A tram-lino for the convey ance of slack from tho screens still remains to bo constructed. The total cost, when completed, is estimated at about .£2000. Through a metropolitan source we have hoard that a freight reduction has beon arranged on the carriage of coal and ooko from Lithgow to Blayney. We are told that the'rcduction is some 25 per cent, and that the new rate will only bo 5s per ton. To soouro this concession the trade must amount to about 25,000 tons por annum. Wo assume that tho reduction is made in conse- quonco of tho copper developments near Blayney, At the.local lands office this week tho follow ing applications were received Charles Dunn, annual lease of 640 acres in the parish of Thurat ; Hannah Malioney, Porter's Retreat, 400 acres, parish of Garrynian ; John Pearee, Golspie, 1280 acres, parish of Bummaroo ; Kenneth McICenzie, Jorrong, 640 acres, parish of Jorrong ; Thomas Griffiths, Jerry's Meadows, 40 acros "c.p., parish of Thornshope ; Donald A. Boyd, Blackheath, 150 acres c.p. and 450 acres c.l., parish of Ka- nimbla. Next Thursday aud Friday (show nights), at the School of Arts, Frank Hawthorne's company of metropolitan artists will give two performances. Mr. Hawthorne is a recognised genuine first-class actor, who has supported all tho loading people who have visited those colonies. Mr. Carden- Wilson is another good actor, who haB done excellent work. Violet Lorimer is a young and protty girl, who gained her experionce with tho Rignold Co. Mr. Frank Crossley and Miss Millet aro members of Hollo way and Anderson's London Company, and having n vacation Mr. I-Iawthorno has induced them to join him for this tour. Tho pieces played are of tho farcical comedy order with the latest songs inter spersed. Mr. Carden- Wilson will give his wonderful imitations ; his Svengali, in Trilby is said to be a masterpiece. 