Mr. Frank Hugh. O'Donnell on Nationalism and. Parliamentarianism. A Nationalist meeting was held in London under the auspices of the '98 Association, Clerkenwell, to hear a lecture by Mr. F. Hugh O'Donnell, on "Nationalism and Parliamentarianism." Mr. O'Donnell opened his address by remarking that it had been said that in a democracy the people are nothing and the bosses are everything. It was certainly the case in regard to their own Ireland, that for too long a period the voice of the people had been drowned by the earsplitting concert of all the penny whistles and all the tin trumpets of the most mischievous and ridiculous class of nobodies who ever burlesqued the representation of a nation. What was Nationalism ? What was Parliamentarianism ? He would ask the meeting to maintain that Nationalism was the faith and the policy which made the historical independence of Ireland the groundwork and the goal of all popular organisation and all personal ambition, which made efficient use of every honourable means and every possible opportunity to strike every enemy of Ireland and to develop every advantage to Ireland; which firmly maintained the Irish nation as the source of all honour and all authority; and which absolutely refused to regard any institution of foreign creation as possessing any sort of validity except so far as it was utilised by the policy and authorised by the mandate of a National representation. Could Nationalism make use of the power of speech and vote in the usurpation Parliament at Westminster? Certainly, so far as, and no farther than, such use of the Westminister platform was conducive to the advocacy of Irish interests and subordinate to the annual convention of Irish Nationality. (Cheers.) The use of the Westminister platform differed in no essential respect from the use of the municipal, parochial, or other local government platform erected in Ireland by a non-Irish usurpation (cheers), though the foreign laws which had set up such institutions were trebly illegal and illegitimate as violations of the Constitutional Statutes of 1782, as violations of the military treaty of Limerick, and as violations of the historical and inherent independence of the Irish nation. (Cheers.) Nevertheless, in the absence of the free exercise of our own laws and our own constitution, such foreign creations were to be utilised precisely to the extent which suited the policy of Irish Nationality, without thereby giving any sort of consent or authority to the black and piratical work of Tudor, Cromwell, or Castlereagh. (Loud cheers.) The sword, the voice, the pen were the inalienable birthright of every oppressed people struggling to be free. (Cheers.) On what fields, on what platforms, in what organs they were to be employed depended entirely upon the requirements of the National policy. (Cheers.) The Christian rayahs. bound and gagged amid the ruins of their native homes by the waves of Danube and the passes of Thermopyl®, had the right to employ, previous to the expulsion of the Turk, every engine of state- craft and every achievement of valour, whether a skilful intrigue in the council chambers of the Sultan or a glitter of cold steel on the banks of the Moravia or the hillsides of Olympus. (Cheers.) /The son of an older nationality, the soldier of as sacred a cause, the Irish Gael, had every right to every weapon of Greek orBoumanian liberty. (Prolonged cheering.) Nationalism could utilise the foreign Parliament without acknowledging it and without endorsing it, just as it might utilise the foreign police to catch a pickpocket, or the foreign board of works to repair a drainage system. (Laughter.) Nationalism could utilise the foreign platform for the exposure of detestable tyranny, for the advocacy of urgent reforms. The Westminster platform might be a conspicuous one to use for the edification of Europe. A bootjack might be advisable to help off a pair of boots. To use the one ot- the other no more made you a Parliamentarian, unless the soul of a slave were within "foa, than it made you a boot-jack. (Cheers.) 1 But what is the Parliamentarianism which is the curse of Ireland? Because, forsooth, in conformity with the policy of Castlereagh and his successors, it has suited English policy to cut up Ireland into certain divisions entirely different from the constituencies from the Irish Parliament, carved to suit English objects and regulated by English election laws which are often the very negation of popular representation, because, forsooth, this ghost and caricature of a native senate has been thrust upon us by the gibbet and the gaol, a certain clique of men for the most part without courage, conscience or culture, Rhodes-and-Hooley sycophants, or worse, sham political martyrs, Parliamentary charwomen hired by the job, despised by Toryism and rejected by Eadicalism and Whiggery—these men, who cannot be called failures because they had never even the capacity to succeed, pretend to declare, as it were, a fifth gospel, that in virtue of their membership of the anti-national Parliament, in virtue of their nomination by caucuses, rigged by themselves, bossed by themselves, adulterated and corrupted by themselves, in virtue of all that is laughable and much that is base, this tattered rump of a Parliament claims to be tie sole autocrat of the Irish nation. Why, if they possessed all the dignity and worth of which they never were dreamed, they could only be a part, and a small part, of the National sovereignty and the National policy. But when they claim to be the Irish race and the Irish representation in virtue of their Castlereagh writs of election and their Castlereagh oaths of allegiance, why, the English language and the Irish language together are unequal to the task of qualifying their bumptious absurdity and their paltry treason. (Cheers). We can unite on the broad basis of our alienable Nationality determined to achieve our historical independence. But no brass band, however noisy, or however out of tune, will ever either deafen or disgust the Irish nation into accepting the autocracy of a Westminster Committee Room whether it be No. 15 or No. 150\. (Loud and prolonged cheering.) 