PERSONALITIES. The reason some women look faded is because they are always casting withering looks at the men. The leaves of geraniums are said to be excellent for cuts and wounds when the skin is rubbed off. No one now takes seriously the international disarmament proposals of (the Bear that walks like a man.' Peacock is decidedly tough eating, but of the swan it has been said that the fact of its ever having been a familiar dish speaks highly in favor of ancient English cutlery. Sis Jenkin Coles, the popular Speaker, who is a Cornstalk by birth, will celebrate his fifty-eighth birthday on to-day (January 19), and Quiz wishes him many happy returns. When Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Webb were in Adelaide they expressed surprise at the backwardness of municipal government and factories legislation compared with Great Britain. Messrs. A E. Armbruster & Co. have opened a hairdressing saloon and tobacconist's business at 103 Bundle Street. Such a well-known name as Mr. Armbuster's is sure to attract numerous patrons. The Sydney Christian Social Union publishes the statement in their new organ, 4 Progress ' that the tailoresses in that colony have to work for l^d. an hour. Many of the women workers are no better off in Adelaide. Ex-Governor Sir Fowell Buxton was known here as a God-fearing man, but the Englishman's proverbial desire to go out and kill something is strong within him. He has been slaughter ing pheasants by the hundred in the old country. 4Black Watch ' is dead. That was the name of Guy Boothby s bull dog, and as he had only a short acquain tance with the animal his lamentation will b3 keenest over the loss of the .£300, with which he parted for his short-lived treasure. Mr. E. Foley, General Traffic Manager of the Chinese Imperial Railways, says several West Au3 tralians have arrived in China looking for work on the lines. He adds there is absolutely none to be had and that the men are stranded. Clares Weekly (W.A.) notes that Councillor Denny is only 25 years old, but that Mr. Hugh Dixson was elected at 21. It then goes on to say that 4 men of such youth and untrained stomachs would have a poor show in the Perth Council.' £57,237 went through the totali zator in four days in Auckland. The N.Z. Observer remarks—4 Perhaps the grocer, the baker, and the butcher wont find the coin quite so abundant when they start out to collect their little bills at the end of the month.' There are a good many ways of suiciding, but the mode adopted by the African tribes who dwell near Lake Nyassa is about the most shuddersome, A native wades into the lake and calmly waits for a crocodile to open its mouth and swallow him. With the possible exception of Mr. Bryce, there is no finer linguist in the House of Commons than Professir Jebb, M.P. for Cambridge University. Even Mr. Gladstone had to yield the palm to Professor Jebb, who can converse as fluently in Greek and Latin as in his own tongue. Mr. J. Medway Day, who several years ago was the able editor of the Register, and lately held the same position on Sydney Worker, ha9 given up literature to go into the groceries and provision line. He has been appointed Secretary and Manager of the Sydney and Suburban Co operative Society, Limited. Miss Annie Peck, of New York, is a mountain-climber of distinction. She has scaled the Matterhorn, and through a telescope looked 14,000 feet below. In Mexico she accomplished the feat of climbing Orizaba, 18,600 above the level of the sea. She has had many opportunities of indulging her love ef adventure, and has grasped them all. 1 Pencil' in the Kapunda Herald says :—44 Sir Fowell Buxtou has been made G.C.M.G. either for having resigned the Governorship or else for having bsen in the colony a couple of years. Of course he has earned the distinction for his eminent ser vices to South Australia or else he would not have got it; but if so, what have not you and I earned, sir?' So trie rare stories are told at the expense of Emperor William. Accord ing to one of them, says a contem porary, Prince Henry, before sailing for the East, being banqueted at Hamburg, made an after-dinner speech, in which he observed—c As the divine William [Shakespeare] has said, " There's a divinity doth shape our ends, rough hew them as we will.'" Upon which the Emperor leaned for ward and said, 4 Did I really say that, Henry V Mr. Marion Crawford, the novelist, says that evening is the time to read, not the time to sleep. A literary man, he believes, should take exercise; but no more than is necessary for health. 4 It is vastly better,' he says, 4 for the brain to rest too little than to practise athletics too much. Hard rowing, excessive walking and running, exhaust the brain as much as the body. I have done more physical work than most men in my time, and I do not believe it ever did me any good. When the weather becomes hot there is a universal desire on the part of those with leisure to seek a cool resort, so that during the summer season Victor Harbor and Port Elliot are swarmed with visitors. It is not often the heat is disagreeable at these two beautiful watering-places. According to Mr. W. E Cook, Go vernment Astronomer for Western Australia, the residents of that colony are even more favored than ourselves. He says at Breaksea Island, near Alb my, a hot day is almost unknown. Poor Peter Reid was one of those lovable men whom the world can ill spare. Genial in temperament, bright in disposition, with an active in telligence, and a keen sense of humor, he was a delightful companion, and naturally had hosts of friends. For some years past he suffered greatly, but even pain could not conquer his jovial nature, and he rose from a bed of sickness with courage undiminished, and with heart as kindly and cheery as ever. The news of his death came as a great shock to all who knew him, and there are few men whose memories will be so fondly cherished as that of Peter McGregor Reid. Sir Arthur Bigge, the Queen's Private Secretary, assists the Queen daily in her work of transacting business. He reads the Ministerial despatches to her, drafts her replies, and gives her his advice when asked for. He arranged all the details of her journey to Cimiez and back. He writes the Court news which is sent daily to the papers. And when a great fire, or shipwreck, or colliery disaster, or the death of some pro minent personage occurs, he sends the telegrams which declare the Queen's sympathy. He arranged on behalf of the Queen the whole of her personal share in the Royal procession at the Jubilee. Mr. Rudolph Wilke, the uncrowned king of Port Macdonnell, is one of the most genial spirits in the South East. A native of Germany, he came with his father to S rnth Australia in the early days, and being * a fellow of infinite jest,' his reminiscences of Ade laide life are full of humor, and keep those privileged to hear him in roars of laughter. He has a large family, maioly consisting of a bevy of charm ing girls, Mr. Wilke is in heart as young as the smallest of them, and it would be a serious matter indeed that would check his unceasing flow of merry spirits or stop his cheery smile. A keen sportsman, a generous host, and an ever- welcome companion, Rudolph Wilke speaks evil of none, the utmost condemnation he has been known to utt r concerning any person who has treated him badly being 1 My crumbs! he's as cunning as a wood heap.' 4 M.A.P.' tells a good story of Sarah Bernhardb's visit to London last • spring. The great one dropped into a b 3okseller,s shop one morning. (I sold her quite a pile of books,' said the proprietor, * and showed her every attention, and she seemed pleased. As she was going out, she took hold of my pencil and asked me something in French, which I didn't unnerstand. Seeing that I failed to catch her meaning, she looked about on the counters, then, quick as a flash, she took up a volume of one of the very best sets of Scott, bound in tree calf, opened it at the very centre, wrote something quickly, calmly tore out the leaf, handed it to me, smiled, and went out.' The astounded bookseller looked at the leaf and discovered that Sarah had written a pas9 for two to her performance that evening! This was not a cheap entertainment for the bookseller. One of the maddest of men is a resident of an eastern suburb. He was the proud possessor of a snowy flock of geese, headed by a stately bird of the harem, of which he was inordinately proud. Strange to say, his next-door neighbor owned a flock which bore a curiously striking family resemblance to that of resident No. 1, and between these two suburban gentlemen there was a deadly feud. Rising early in the morning, No. 1 was enraged to And his neighbor's gander peacefully picking up the seeds of kindness intended for his own fowls. Revenge is sweet, and wrath fully seizing the delinquent bird, he proceeded to administer treatment seldom recommended by fanciers, and having reduced the unfortunate gander to a state suggestive of a collision with a thrashing machine, threw it back over the fence. Wishing to see the reception of the bird by its feathered companions, No. 1 placed his eye to a convenient knothole in the fence, and to his utter astonishment and dismay saw the lawful ruler of his neighbor's geese strutting proudly about the yard, while his own bird, limp and miserable, was giving up the ghost in a convenient corner. Tableau. 