TEE BISEOP AND TEE GEOST, ' DR. THORNTON'S STORY. ' I called one winter's day (writes the Bishop. of Ballarat in the current num ber of; the 'Fireside') while rector in a large parish in England, at the resi dence of a merchant— a new and exten sive house, elaborately fitted with gas stoves and brackets, and all recent, ap pliances. Upon being shown into the dinningroom, where all the family were assembled, I at once saw that something was wrong. ' Soon the story was told me. There ; was a. ghost. It was believed a girl had been immured in the basement of the next house, which was in the course of construction. 'Of course,' I said-, 'you have communicated with the police?' , 'Yes,' was the reply, 'and a policeman is. on duty to try and. get at her ; but it .is no good.' The servants had all given notice, and nobody knew what to do about the gh6st. . ?-.'. I went down to where the noise seem ed to come from, and, after returning, suggested that I should be allowed to contrpl the family domestics and house for half an hour. Permission was grant ed, Lthen had a talk with two servants. Afterwards with the family, I went down to the cellar while the fearful groans con tinued. ; 'A vaunt,' I cried, in a loud voice, 'Aoracadabra, I charge thee to abate these wailings.' \ Slowly the noise, died away. - 'Aldiborontophoscophormio !' I shout ed again, 'Chrononiotonthologos! Now raise thy voice as 'loud as thou canst raise it.' , Once more the groans waxed louder and louder, reaching such a climax that my companions turned to bolt, but a loud peal at the door bell transfixed them with sudden terror. TEen his lordship explained. The ,horrible cries were causeal by the gas. A small piece of grit had got into the pipe, and the gas going over this had created the row, which, as the quantity turned on increas ed, grew in force. The servants had, at my request, first lowered;all the lights, and, when I shouted the second time, turned all on full, producing the distres sing noise. The gas- fitter soon removed £he obstruction, and nothing more waB heard of the ghost. 