A TALE OF HORROR. A gentleman name Leadbetter, a hupmir chant, resilient iu one of tbe western couuties, had tor many years made a practice of attend ing the great annual fair at Weybill, as a pur chaser of tbe commodity in which he chiefly dbult. . It happened on one occasion, that be arrived at the inn to wl.ich he always went, some hours later than usual ; snd on going into the bouse he learned, to bis regret, that so much gompany had arrived before him, tbat cvoiy bed was hi gaged. Rather than go to any house to wbinb be was a stranger, be determined to have a bed made upon some chairs in tbe travel lers' room. Mrs. Symouds, tbe landlady, was about to cany this airuugement into effect, when khe happened to recollect that there was an ostler.'s room in the yard, which poisibly Mr. Leadbelter might preler to sleeping in a room where be might be liable to bo disturbed very early in the morning. To this tho gentleman williuit acoeded; and after some short time, be passed up tbe gallery iu tbu yard whioh led to tbe apart meut, ami retired to hod. Sleep lent its leacleu iufluenne soon to tbu weaiy traveller, and he reposed soundly, uutii a strange noise in the gallery which be bad ascendud, roused him into senso again. Tbe noise was that of au extremely heavy footstep. Mr. Lradbetter counted every slip ; aud, to his alarm, the sound increased, until tbe causu of it reached the door of his apartment. In in instant a tall ami gnuutfigure entered tbe reoni, with a candle in one hand, and a butcher's kuifo in the other; Mr. L. attempted to speak, but bis voice failed bioi, and the 6gure approached the bed. It Bhook tliu borror-slrickeu mau ; thru drew the knife seveial limes across his own throat ; went to a lable in tl.u room, set down tbe light, aud immediately qu tied tbe placu Mr. Ltradbettir began to breathe . again : be imagiued, after ' a few minutes, that bu must have been dream ing ; and yet, tbn candle and candlestick on the table wire i;o phantoms, tuey were palpablo realities. He instantly rose with an intent to louk the door, but found tbat it was without look or bolt, and tbat there was nothing else in tbe room but the bedstead of any weight, As this fortuuately ran on casters, he rolled it to the door, and thinking himself then tolerably safe from further intrusion, hu endeavoured to go to sliep again. But uleep would no more levisit his eyelids ; and he lay tossing about uutii, - in about an hour, be heard the same souuds wbicb bad before alarmed him, renewed un the gallery stain, and in a fi w secouds, the door of his room beiug pushed witb great violence, bis bed wss rolled into tbe middlo uf tbe apartment, and again ihe Lorrid figure stood bere I im ! The facultii u oi speech and motion now forsook him quite ; the figure shook him. again with fierce gesticulation, and again drHwing tbe knife acroal its-throat. Mr. Lead better obsiived that matlcs of blood were on tbe blade, which wero not there before I It then pasted away from the room, and tbe remainder of Mr. Leaibcller's sense fled willi it ; he swroned and Remained' for home time inseuhiule. ' As boon as he came to himself he put on bis clothes witb the bent speed bis Agitation would allow, and descended iuto tLe yard of the inn. In a stable there be saw a light, and on approaching it, found a msn dressing down some hones, to whom be ormrnuqlcated that something particular bad bappeoed, aud tbat be must bare Mr. and Mrn Bymouds called up immediately. Tbe landlord oamo don u ; and on uxpresaiug his apprehension that Mr. Lead better was very ill, -s bis looks seemed to indi cate, was informed that indeed he was not well, Mr. L. proceeded tu relate all tbat happened to him, and concluded by impressing bis firm con viction that some horrible murder had been committed on the premises in the night. Mr. Symonds on liea,iing tbe tale, was scarcely less alarmed than tbe r- later. The house was quickly roused by tbo terrors of tbe best and bostcrs ; and the business ot tbu fair wan almost forgotten in the wonder excited by the story, wbioh lost liotbiog by repntition to thu severs! guests of tbe inn, as they suc cessively inquired into the nause of tbe early ?disturbance. i At six o'clock the ostler, whose rooru Mr. L. had occupied, arrived from a lodging whieb bo bad gut in Ihe town, un peing turned out ef bis usual bed, Much pleasure was - x pressed on seeing him ; aud ou the story being told him, ?? Why,' said be, ' I'll lav my life i kuow.thB ghost- very well ; it was' tho leaf and dumb fellow that comes to help me tit kill Ihe pigs, anil who always comes up to my room to oall me. when we have one to kill -' Tbe murder was cut! It wa* indeed tbe deaf und dumb fellow, who had made au appointment with tbe ostler to kill a pig at four o'clock in tbe morning, and who, thinking the ostler Uiy ; had gone first to uwakpn him, and a second time for tbe same purpose after he bad stuck tbe pig. 