Bible Christian Church. The Rev. A. R. Cock preached his farewell services in Echuca on Sunday. The congregation at the morning service was n very large one, and at night the church was crowded, many being unable to obtain room within the building. Mr Cock took for his subject in the morning the book "In His Steps," by C. Sheldon. He gave a practical address on the various points and characters, showing what Christ expects His followers to do in His service. In the evening the text was taken from 1 Cor., chap. 2, 1-4 verses. Mr Cock de- livered an eloquent address, in which he reviewed his three years work in Echuca and spoke of the bright, happy ministry amongst his people, which had been one of continuous peace and harmony. Mr Cock then opened out upon the broader sphere as implied in the text. He declared that the Christian ministry had, in many instances, aimed at 'popular ear tickling' preaching, seeking to please the people rather than God, and were afraid to declare the whole counsel of God, of Heaven and hell, lest the people should take offence. Warming up to his subject the speaker said that the Christian ministry must preach Christ crucified and Christ risen—if the world was to be rescued from sin and death. Many to-day preached with enticing words of man's wisdom. They at- tracted the crowd, but this was not enough, preaching must be with the demonstration and power of the Holy Ghost. Christ choose the poor ignorant fisherman of Galilee; yet Peter led 3,000 to Christ in one day. It was not classical preaching that saved men, but Christ, the eternal 'Rock of Ages.' Ministers of Christ should also take a greater interest in public matters—not party politics— but in the purifying of our public life. How could our public life be pure when some of our public men were impure, immmoral and sunk in vice and sin to the deepest depths of degradation. Pure water must come from a pure fountain, and pure government could only come from pure men. The Christ- like life must be introduced into our public institutions. If we, as a people, wanted to be free from the leprous spot of sin and crime then the Christian church must rise to her duty and cleanse our national life. Mr Cock handled his subject with a candour and clearness that touched the people and proved him to be a man and a minister who feared not the threats nor sought the praise of men, but declared the truths as told by his Master, Jesus Christ. He closed his address with a stirring appeal to the church to be true to Christ and loyal to their new clergyman, the Rev Mr Clemens. The final farewell takes place on Wednesday in the Temperance Hall when a lea and concert will be held. Mr Oock leaves on Thursday morning for his new circuit, viz., Daylesford. 