FRIGHTENED TO DEATH. ■ SmiRTLING. EXPERIENCES OF SAL VATION ARMY LASSES. ■ A correspondent, sends . the London ''Daily Chronicle" the following startling narrative:—The peace of a select circle in Oxford is just now considerably disturbed by the fact having leaked out concerning a very thrilling ghostly visitation which hap pened a few weeks ago in an old bouse, re puted for a long time past to be haunted. No tenant 'had been found sufficiently bold to hire it until lately, when some young ladies connected with the Salvation Army, under the lead of Miss W——, a well-known worker among the poor, ventured to take it off 'the landlord's hands for a small ren tal. ; The first night 'they slept there they were much disturbed by uncanny noises and by strange sounds of the moving of furniture. Determined to discover the truth, they set to work in a very methodi cal way by flouring tbe staircase, so as to detect footsteps, an'd by pasting up the fireplaces. They, moreover, induced the policeman to watch tbe house, so as to prevent any knavisn attempts upon their credulity. The result was highly unsatis factory, for on tne second night of their stay they all saw the figure of a woman ap parently issue from the wall, and pass up the staircase and vanish. Miss W declares that the apparition actually "passed through her own person, as through a door. On the following night Miss W- was upstairs, the other two ladies remaining in the parlor. Suddenly Miss W -heard an awful scream, and rushed dawn to see what had happened. On the stairs she was met by 'the ghost, which once more "passed through her." Nothing daunted, the brave ladv proceeded to look for her companions. She. found one of them in strong convulsions, and the other in a dead faint. The sad part of the dt'ory is. that one young lady has since gone raving mad from the effects of the fright, and the other died a few days ago tcom toe sanie cause. The ghost is that of a 'tail female in a long grey dress or robe. The Loyal Maylands Lodge of the S.A. Grand United Order of Free Gardeners is reported to have been wrecked financially owing to the defalcations of the secretary and treasurer, Mr. E. A. Johns, who has been reported to, the police as a "missing friend." Mr. J. C. Hamp has been in structed by the lodge to proceed against Johns, but owing to the absence of seve ral important books and. other documen tary evidence, it is extremely difficult to prepare a specific charge. Mr. A. Tur bill, the' chairman of trustees, in answer to questions on Friday, stated that the deficiency was probably about £150. Two years ago there was a balance earned ■ forward of eighty odd pounds, and since then . that sum and the contributions of the mem bers and other income have nearly all dis appeared, the bank balance now standing at less than 30/. A searching enquiry is to be made. Mr. F. Sack, draper and tailor, of Bundle- street east, who em ployed Johns, said he placed tbe utmost confidence in him, and allowed him the free run of tbe till. The greatest sympa thy is felt for Mrs. Johns, who is an inva lid, and her two daughters. 