v " judge Wot." . (By the Author of "An Australian Olrl,! "The Silent Sen," &c.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER III. ; It was not long, Before Mary discovered that to maintain harmonious intercourse with her father's second wife and his step daughter — twice removed, if such relation ship exists — was a feat quite beyond her. If incompatibility of tastes had been in one or two directions merely, the usual compro mises might have served; but when uucongo- nlalnoss Tuns riot over the whole realm of thought, conduct and action, the case is hopeless. The Mlnjnh House, to begin with, had up to this been kept In scrupulous accord with the wishes of the late Mrs. Cornwall— a wo man whoso line nature had manifested itself in the almost religious purity of her dwel ling, inside and out. There were no shiun or naments or crowded liulck-knaclis to harbor dust, and take up a band maid's time in titi vating instead of maintaining absolute cleanliness. There were a few good pic tures, and a great many lovely engravings. The wail papers and carpets were of the best, and 110 cretonne had been permittod-to banish the harmonious silk rep that covered the couches and chairs. There was a great deal of old china, many native curios, and a few cabinets. The hangings of the large windows were of unusual cost and delicacy, a little extravagance to which Mary found the clue In nn old journal of her mother's, In which she had written a few months before her death; — "What a wonderful tiling It Is to look. out of our narrow abodes, and sec all at once the splendid majesty of heaven above and the pntliotlc loveliness of the world bo- low. Windows are so much the more spiri tual part of a house, wooing us from -the dull little cares and futile talks that chain us to the hearth and table, straight away to thoughts of our Father's love and emblems of cverlnstlng beauty. I think It Is because of this that I always resent It like n per sonal affront when I sec windows tarnished or defaced by common frippery." ."Common frippery" had, indeed, never found a place in Mrs. Cornwall's surround ings, a fact to which the well-bred simplicity of her home bore eloquent testimony, ban ning, as it did, every object that was'not iu itself cither useful or Intrinsically bcuiiti- ful. But, under the new regime, all tills was changed. Brackets laden with. Japanese goods "made in Germany," and Persian rari-" tics that bad come from Birmingham, sprouted everywhere ' like mushrooms on a warm, wet morning. Floods of cases -and holders and receptacles, painted and carved and embroidered, for old umbrellas and new sunshades, for sccondbcst garden gloves and "go-ashore" walking sticks — iu a word, for every imaginable article and Inconceivable use, broke out Tu each corner and nook as thick as a strong eruption of measles. "I dont't believe Mary cares for all these fal-lals," Mr. Cornwall said when this pro- ccss'begnn. , "Mary is of a shy nature, and does not rendlly give expression to her feelings; but In reality she Is delighted. Allow ine to un derstand girls, my denr; I have had so much to do with them all my life," said Mrs. Corn wall smilingly, as she gave the finishing touches to a group of Muudarlns made In Worcester. The drawlngrooui, which was the first object of her attentions, was soon hopelessly vulgurlsed. Here she had half a score of palms mounted 011 stools, with legs as long as camels; armfuls of sedges in great pots, with yards of liberty sill: tied round them like fat children dressed for a party; vases, and even jugs, full of tall grasses on every side, so that when the fam ily cat appeared on the scene, the room was strongly suggestive of a littTe forest, with a minlnturc tigers prowling In It for his daily prey. "One can hardly move nbout in this room now, without having n couple of one's eyes spiked out; but if you and Mnry like It my dear, I suppose you must have your own way," Mr. Cornwall would say with a significant shrug of his shoulders. "Dear Lydiu has such rare taste," purred Mrs. Crawford, looking up from her Afghan blanket. "I wonder wo never thought of bringing In the palms before Mary; they have such a Biblical air, making- one think of Lazarus and other Arabs in the bosom of Abraham," she added with a fine air of East ern scholarship. "O11 me palms have always the effect of widening the imagination, they have such a look of the boundless desert, especially when they arc on such 'nice high stools," chimed In Miss Browne. Mnry, who loathed the cheap make-believe of the room so much, that since its transmi gration she never entered It except when obliged to do so, held her peace. "I ought to have told father there and then that I bate all this squalid Imitation, and want the place kept as mother had It. After all It Is my own house," she reflected nfterwards, Indignant at bcr own suplncncss. She hardly realised that her step-mother's robust habit of gaining her ends unchecked by the solvents of delicacy and refinement would, when pitted against her own reti cence and proncness to make every allowance ifor the claims of others, always resulted In on ensy victory for the coarse nature over tlio fastidious one. And then her step mother's full blown egoism was hardly more Intolerable than Miss Browne's percnnlnl gush and forced enthusiasms. Now that she had so much more money and time at her disposal her scheme for send- ing n missionary to Thibet had blossomed into a local society to achieve that object, with nn active distribution of subscription lists for the necessary funds. With this she look Thibet into her special keeping, as If It wore n now soft of beetle site had recently discovered, nod was never so happy as when she was pouring out information -regarding the country nml its Inhabitants. Mary's proximity made her a dally victim. "Do you know, Mary dear, I have Just found out that the cold In Thibet is often intense," she would say, seemingly quite ob livious of the fact that Mary had begged her on the previous day not to mention the subject to her for at least two duys con secutively. "So that our missionary would have to be provided with felt tents and horse hair veils, perhaps at times nn escort, and always a passport. The- place swarms with nunneries and polyandry, and whoa they have barbarously ill-used people, they make them promise,- ..when ..dying, not- to -come back." ! "You would think- no ghost with an. atom of self-respect '.would 'want to t, go bnckJ-fto people who lind behaved so badly," -Mary would say, with a 'vain- ofTort- to niakodlgbt of the theme. ''Oh; but -it is-to, haunt the survivorsjnnd make . them : unhappy ;that tliey . thlnk.Hro spirits will return. , - 'Will -you come back- or. not?' .they say , to the dying 0110. If lioVsnys: \- that .-he will,- they pull a leather- bag over' his head- and smother, him; and it -is -'nothing strange for a son. to turn out his old-father to die ou the highway when he is too old, for work. And to make-up for all tlmt wicked ness they have- only -praying wheels. And then when they- meet, they salute each other by sticking out -their tongues. Isn't-'-that a wonderful instance of the way in- which manners deteriorate In. the absence of Christ ianity?" In the end Mnry would be forced to make her escape, but only to have pages. of -trite information hurled at her on the next oppor tunity. Had she been In her accustomed spirits the elasticity and gaiety of youth would doubtless have- tided her over - this phase, of experience, until she bad learned to endure Its with the equanimity that most of us are forced to '' cultivate . In face of -the minor, evils of life, hilt at this period. Mary quite: lacked the breezy iusouclance 'with Which: she used to meet disagreeables';':: 'She became nervous and Irritable In the constant strain - of nn . - uncongenial atmosphere,;, and the upshot was thatwlthlu a mouth, of her 'father, 's; marriage she 'put n letter jnlvhls hands- from . her sister, Blanche Collcy, .that contained' the following paragraph:— "You write: such short,- dejected letters ot ldtei' l feel sure' that living with a stcp-motlibr-ils bad for your 'constitution. I nm aui-e -you are otitfof softs', mid Gcrnld'ls of thc.Wthc opinion. : He "said -only ' yesterday : 'MAry's letters used lo biIstlb;wlth fun, niid'.'iibw they, arc as flat its a comic journal:' Come to us until father makes" a different 'arrange ment, or come 'for -good, : wild get a . proper rent for Mlnjuh. You know we shnll be'onl.v too.glad to have yon, but If you Insist .upoii coming as a paying guest, why' you-mny- db so rather tlinn not come at all." . "Since Blanche became a Colley, she Is quite the eat— alwnys'rendy to spiV hud'sboiv her claws," said Sir. Cornwall; calmly'Like all that tribe, she Is becoming. a cormorant for money, and its the white, elephant: of a house they took in Colllns-Btreet swallows most of her own £800 n year, I durcsay that a 'paying guest' will he very welcome to her! But don't you think of anything so foolish ns making a permanent home with her. On the whole, you had better let me set tip for myself In BlanchevUle. Todmorilcn-plnee, will he vneiint'nt Enstcr.auiKif 'you' wish 'to go to Blanche till that dafo'tMIujlih wliftie ready on your return f/ec of f all encum brance." 1 .V 7 ilAN Though Mr. Cornwall flpjlbileyer shone as n futher, being one of thomT(--wha..;bnr.e little natural 'vocation' for parimthbotT, jMnrj; could not control nil emotion when VlfeTi'e'n'ri! him speak so placidly of their final separa tion. "It will seem strange, father," she said, in rather an unsteady voice, "for you to live In one house and me iu another." "Not a hit strange, Mary," returned licr father, In a brisk, cheerful voice. "You'll ho . throwing your handkerchief at some young Triuco Consort yourself before loug, I expect. Between ourselves, I nm not a bit sorry tbnt you' didn't become Mrs. Dick Collcy. Of course lie's n good mutch, ns old ladles say; and us n father I have not a word ngninst him. But ns a man, I can't quite cotton to n fellow who does hot know a sheep from n cow unless he screws an eyeglass 011. Another thing, I've actually seen him light a cigar with a brimstone wooden lucifcr— Just like a South Australian. There must he a screw loose somewhere when n man can do a thing like that. Re sides, be has too much brain and too little hair for a girt of your uge. Now, a well set up youngster of three or four and twenty, fire foot eleven iu his stockings, who knows a well bred horse when he sees blin, and has a good share of mother wit— that's more my Idea of your choice." Though Mnry hnd now quite decided in her own mind that the "youngster" to whom these allusions were unmistakably made was otherwise engaged or entangled, yet licr father's spokcu approval made bcr feel grate ful to him, aud the cordiality of the inter view was further enhanced by his volun tarily undertaking to keep a watchful eye on the "monngorl.9" during her absence. "We are not a very affectionate pair— father and I," she mused, a little wistfully, nfter be had left her In the old schoolroom, which she hnd turned Into a sanctum of her own, that was unlnvadcd by the rush of decoration which lmd laid waste the greater part of the house. "But one of us— and I don't believe It's me— must have nn excellent temper, for we have never quarrelled ill the Very slightest." ; ' . It seemed its though this statement wore not destined to apply to licr stepmother when tlmt little woman learned how licr reign nt Mlnjnli was to terminate at Easter. "So, Mary .dear, It seems that you have given your poor old father notice to quit lifter all," she said, in the tone of one who Is morally shocked ratlier than angry. This description of licr father, a vigorous, .slender man of 52, wIiohc glossy black hair and- heavy moustache had hardly a silver tliread-- showing, was too much for his -daughter's, gravity. .. "It sounds too funny to -hear yon call father old,'/ she said, smiling broadly, with-: out deigning any reply: to the., accusation brought against hor. . This incensed Mrs. .Cornwall still more, and she said, with ris ing emphasis, . . .. i.c.t'Tlinnk God, . when.-he Is old and infirm .there will he a. loving heart to. stand by him,- .though his own . daughter may cast' liiin- off." suppose it Is part of tlie- gymiiastlcs of 'a loving: heart' to revile others,!' rose -'to Mary's lips', but she restrained. herself,, nml remained silent. After nil, . she was com scious tlmt; her father seemed to ho happier, .since his marriage.-.', Billiards and baccarat -no, longer absorbed his evenings, and ' the little traits and conventions. and impostures, that set Iter.. own. -teeth 011 edge passed un noticed by liirn. . A difference. of sex seems, often to sunder - people more widely in the perception of sueli matters. than a difference of nationality docs. . Furthermore, licr.nnnt Crnuford was quite as oblivious of these points, ns licr fiitliciv "It Is n mistake, Mnry, depend .on It, for your father, to- set up n different establish ment," snld tlintliidy later In the day. "It Is not only that your dear stepmother lias what someone calls the 'prophetic eye of taste' — was it.n poet or.n politician? I know It was something- under. P.- In. one of those useful hooks, , where..- one may get such -nice phrases, without : too much reading. Hut .Where was I?. .My memory does begin to .fall 111c.!' ; .. . .. j "Never mind, ntinilo denr, I will lie your .memory, for you will always live -with ine, won't you, dearie?" said Mary, kissing her .aunt on each, cheek.. : . "Certainly Mary,. .If-. yon wish. It— for I began to ,bc afraid that. perhaps yon did not- want ine cither,-" said: Mrs. Crauford; with, returning cheerfulness. . ... .-"Oh, mint, you. make inc. feel us If I hnd no more heart .than- n.. prehistoric reptile," said .Mary, . - half . laughing. . . ; Miss Browne also' administered , n rebuke after lier own fashion. .- i . "Do you know, -dear," she said, ns-slie Joined Mary .strolling. down- towards 'the or chard . that afternoon, "I believe second thoughts lire best— at least wlicu people -arc inclined to be changeable." "Do you mean about Thibet?!' nsked Mnry, In a resigned tone. "No; I mean about the domestic horizon;" replied SIlss- Browne severely. "When dour mama was married, I set my heart on glvlng hor n pull- of stone lions for the gate nt the end of the linden tree avenue. It-was be cause she.', always adored donrost Tenny son's Hues.".- -V The lions at your old stone -gate Arc not more cold to you than I. I wuutod her to linye n; memento of her best beloved poet nt the home > In which -I thought she was to live nnd- die. -But, there wore obstacles in tho .wny', and. now I ;nui so glad 'tlmt 'I gave her instead -the two largo majolica eats that.stand .on: her' bod- 'TbouMiiantolplcco.' "I do not sectbnt there Is.-tiivthliig comic ' lii that," added Miss nftnri'ra In ton aggrieved ' tone, when she JfouutP Mary laughing helplessly. ' VCat's, ;as ISyWcly known to nuturallstSr- do'-hclorig- to. the-'ljini tribe." r- Four days Inter Mnt-y left.fnr MelbouTne, and next morning she was received by lier sister nt the Spoiieer.strect stutlon - with- open arms.. "I believe Melbourne agrees -with', you bet ter than your native nlr" ; at any, rate, you are thinner tlinu when yoii 'left 11s In ;Septem- hcr,". said Mi's. Colley, ' regarding bcr. sister narrowly, ns the two. sat chatting together after dinner. "But perhaps it was the step mother wiio got' upon , your nerves," she added reflectively. "I'lcnso do not let us get hack upon that subject any more,'.' replied. Mary, who wus Indeed remorsefully conscious that under the stimulus of Blanche's eager interest- and curiosity she had discussed tlio tempera ment and peculiarities of tliolr father's se cond wife iu too .exhaustive a fashion. Mrs. Colley regarded licr sister for a little time in contemplative .silence, nml then snhl with Impressive seriousness— when Blanche w»3 serious she always reminded Mary of their aunt Crnuford— "Mnry, I have nu Idea; you're sorry tlmt you refused Dick Colley. I don't wonder, for now that he Is In Par liament— a Q.C., and with a splendid prac tice—why he is a mnn any girl might be proud of. Fortunately you're still lu time to repent; for only yesterday he said to me; but Mnry, what are you laughing nt?" Before Mnry could discredit the theory thus broached by anything beyond her In- voluntnry laughter, a maid cutcrcd with n card, saying that: the visitor vvnnted to know whether the Indies were disengaged. It was Archie Crauford, nnd when lie was ushered In, the blushing Irradiation of Mary's face was not lost on the eldest sister. The conversation was general, until one of tl)e Colley girls, who was staying In the house, came In with n note that bad come from her mother to Blanche, regarding n cottage, which the two families proposed to rent nt Mount Mncedon for the summer. The sis- ters-in-law retired to the bay window, there to thrnsh the matter out, with all that volubility and. power of saying the same thing over nnd over again, which some women have at their command regarding the smallest as well as the greatest affairs ' of life. "We'll have you come to being left nlono In tlio world witli only a had sixpence yet?"-' said Mary when they were left tete-n- tete. "No, ns it happened I struck it rich on Cup day. I put iny, money ou the right horse; it Is absurd, but u lucky accident of Hint kiud-makes you feel ns if j-ou must somehow be wiser than, the rest of the procession," replied Archie, smiling. ' -. Mary -was. silent for a little, wondoringknj ' she regarded the young man more closely how it was thnt.niiedy he looked somehow older than when lie left Mlllowie, nnd tills notwithstanding- the fact Hint his eyes Were more brilllnnt iind his color higher. - - -VI iloift wonder that your mother does not like you to hare so much to do with racing," she said slowly. ."The more one thinks of It, the -more one sees that, there is something Inhuman in getting money from another without giving, him: anything In return." "Rut-when n fellow loses lie gets n lot In return — experience to. begin with. Say. that lie purs his money - on a real smasher, who - would have ivou running nwnjy only , that ho -suddenly.-, broke down in the pun of the liecl. Isnit that like an epitome of'llfc It-' self? Think, of nil the morals you .could 1 N Either up. .If. only, the grandad couhl put so - - much pepper lu his sermons,", said Archie, laughing. , j But Mary felt little Inclined, to join In his ' - mirth. A dreary suspicion was creeping over : licr- that Archie was on llie eve of marrying the pTetty bar innld,. and that when be did so -his , moral stnndnrd . would gradnally-de- - toriornle, until gambling In one form or nn- '; other became the chief end of his heliig.- ' - -."Yen: crnndfiitUpi: " nba snld, gravely, 'is pcrnnps n little, too hnrsli I11 his judg ments sometimes. . . But, after nil, lie is in ; some-way tiy lag to. help people every day or tho-week. He. Is in touch wlth all sorts and conditions of. men, . and. nt, every turn the better side of Ills nature ls- kcpt active. But a " ninii w ho begins to make profession of gamh- ling " \- ."Well, wlint about-him?" \- "Oil, I hni dly know — he .Is like a frog. in a . pond, waiting .to gohle up files, snld Mary,-: scornfully.. . :"I like to. licnr you give, your judgment on la things," snhl. Archie, smiling. -"You yourself - arc., like a hit . of heliotrope ..In- the sun— out V-' of the .wind .and ruin..-.. I heard a fellow at the club the other night .wondering why tlic-i ' - serpent .should liave heen inti-oduced lnto thc myth ...about. . Eden - to-- account for sin; !> -- ' One- man and one woman arc quite enough ! —more than are really- necessary— for a . mnn ulono can always raise, hell, lie said. Excuse ? my, 1-opcntIugr his- words verbatim, but that IS, tile -opinion, you. seem to have of anyone1 who makes in few bets." -' "Wlia.t sort of a man- was he -who sald: that?" . . "Just .the sort of fellow, who. hns como to have few. Interests In . life heyoiid- well- bred . horses. and Ill- bred . women. For nil that he .very-'- likely begnu llfo.-wltli n-bushcl or two of Ideals and aspirations, hut nfter n'blt lie found-, out .probably-, that- be was like n worm In love .with a stnr.- And then " "I think It will do," said Blanche, emerg ing?; from the how window with a little pucker of enre on her brow. "Oil,, it will do delightfully with those charming Neville- Stones such close neigh bors," said Miss Colley, and forthwith began to give Mary a glowing description of the many charms, of Magnolia Cottage and Its aristocratic neighborhood. Shortly nfterwards Archie rose to go, nnd Mary ' was extremely annoyed to"- hear . her sister say to him at parting, "X: . would ask you- to - come soon again only wo shall; be most likely i ' leaving for Mount Maeed'on shortly, and be so very busy, between one thing or another in the menntlmc." j Slic tried to think of something to say that would counteract this lack of common hospitality; but ended by merely asking him to give his mother her love when lie wrote, and then said with primitive directness as soon ns he hnd gone, "Why in the world didn't you ask Archie to dinner or some thing, Blanche? As for being so very busy and that, you know It Is all rubbish." "My denr I acted In your interest," said Blanche, gravely. 'Tcoplc caimot keep up the hnlf and linlf Intimacies of the provinces lu Melbourne. One Is obliged just to keep to those in one's own set who are quite commo II faut. You must kuow, too, there was rather n scandal about the young man and some Improper sort of person in Mlllowie. Aunt » Crauford told 1110 all nbout it in a long letter. - I did not have time to rend It all through, hut I am sure of the main facts." "I don't know that taking a bar maid out for a drive on Sunday can be called a scan dal," said Mnry, coldly. "At any rate if it . is I imagine scandals arc rather rife In Melbourne." "Well, It Isn't only that, but to be mixed ' up with horses aud horsy people unless you nrc quite In the swim of good society, Is not very good form," said Blanche, with that as sumption of laying down the law In social matters wblcb she lind caught from bcr bus- band's family to perfection. The Collcys hnd nt one time been very wcnlthy, but when the boom time was over, and the bank, collapses had come to an end, their Income all told barely reached £1000 a year,' while there were still four unmarried dnughters at home, and two younger sons, nil endowed with a fine taste for the luxuries of life. The two elder sons hnd been edu cated for professions before the epoch of wealth had dawned on the family. When 5iis ieg-t.ul' vul w fas znerlfxcE. tEe «35»K| — jiet-=.?vai EEgSiE 42riLt lgoi fiiax, ! vE> EvE fa £ few yetezx s' -< znusa cf | :Er I'TUV vro ?vf: :o Eire axef xj Etfl'scvigEx fii Sr: Ee Eti exj-etva- 1 "tioxau sutii a vagxte te-; vEt vy -- sus vrihltE, Ee -< iij Tsrl/e rafakari! zfart&g; vEt fi i iiSmt cS J£3z> itsiz Sfis, saefi £ ! fiiV(yr af prSA, .Eistfaexktta ro :Ee I "fzxLHjr. ; f Tguz fxtfaar SaA w 22 «Soe is £E «.kffirxre j IsxSJfizEg uC.TCfae Laa." nisce be spesi xj /#ac Sjou as ffziSy is aaxxxgisg sa reronfis < 2 si ' fogf ma, aimfl cosgseBesar Sltro Qif zasl . teu£2i&« fasmss; iae arocfaBr abe.aerr j vxxia". osjJ '-sreSgiefl ®st ti iascSj | .. . fci sStf. -- -gy-r'i-tys ssvi ifiv srofi Eesself ro | fcreS slzsxfasopgr-iaxEa.afsennwBix. As fieri »£ ttEtmst5vei' :s> ; zitfc j«aji5e c/ .ketssaig :£- £xro firotanvS ls« zrsaar tour eabed th ro tifis <A5»«s z2 tkie lisae xfaat SCSestasj ydaesd 'it .tSjefc.'kllSi'Oaaj- :Es- xaSatts iktct. fatsrvss faoA faesrooresfi ecu .aStma. ., "If I aza to be ia.ate bosma ofi .tS dSSer ix3szSj a® si saaaroez; it £s! (Tej,' aasffa x d » «1«E i off tEe fxTfaigxsi :|aro tE fire." refiMia! Tdxry- olTOr ! 'esA :ztLsSitA.ia> ?Jkez ttrwxi rosso fiow tSasr-.-siSslbC- --rfcest. 25. sfae thxsagEt -eves' AxeSc'x- sbeoi, ..ztssilSrfiBsroiT vivsfa tier resesaoHBt . d.- 'Bi zssdse"® / aeSSeai zsssaiS fetiQ;2.fererarfT"irth?a .ro-zeake; Eire a-xaei'iSs ley vnritirg a frleurSy little It vsls ro life effect- - , — - "Bar Arriblfy— No sossecr, SaJ yta-gise xvfay this 'refaisig' tSxB'X xt®t3etftd::'facf®' ivzzz'l I vrzis xs/i-' ro fell vers test . vruoujE BfiSBcke. vrirE Ir Esszraroi xa4 tiree SxStfes, ter jriiex off reixtSves zEd hosts of vEaoa, ca XT 1» sS»wt cf Sfass. X sat sot byasr. .ssexas ia she tzcae bat la fart, l ax very, easels Eke Ba Qettohe, wiso. te/ore te vrtSit oa Eie' rrarriz, fwrnd tfaaS kte.ieisEte ateorised sli the days of ite treek.- So pits So tail la as sum sad zs often as yea csa M see ise, od «=e - day wtea yoo hzre tiae per- Eapat yea xifl eoms out xitS tee fcr x little hUzreie xnfxz" Ot eoBse xs sooex at she bed written t sis Mary was xMeriJeff by e score of qcrims xsd diraEts. "Ill keep lt till ro-Eaorrotv afier- xy»a," aSse ikcugEt. "and sev whal I lhrnk of It thse. Just st tibis Etosaemt it seeats to me— yet, x Iktie too friextdly- Suppose Archie feeh etchazasscd, tMrit-ug to hiia- tedf— -Here's Mary Cornxral! wanting to be friends ia tbe oM way, zod tfae thing is not to be done." " Next morning at II Mary, wftit Hugh, Iter eldest of ber sister's three babies, ac- oerspacied ber brctfaerfn-Iaw. Dr. Colley, on bis roonds, until i>e should pass Ficzrey Gardens, which was oae of ter favorite re- s-v-rt, more esjtecjally while the rases were still in bloom. Jest as they neared the In tersection of Collins with Kwaastoa-street, they were passed by a smartly appointed dog cart, with two horses, tandem, driven by Art-hie CraufortL Beside him sat Miss Agnes Joyce, the "pretty bar maid," well kaown to Mary by sight- She eonM aoi id! whether Archie had seen her; he certainly tad cot looked in passing. hLs attest!', n bee lag fixed on his torses, which were fresh and high-spirited, and trotting at a rapid pace, so that the vehicle whisked ahead of the doctor's Victoria In a trice. Mary'e first coherent thought was one of \- thaakfclfiess. that the friendly core she had written over-night was still safe In her poefceibook. And for some time after that the' hardly thought at all— only felt pro foundly miserable and dejected, at this con firmation of her worst fears regarding Archie. Children often find their ciders rather dull, and little Hugh Colley ntttst have thought his aunt particularly dense on this warm November morning, amid tlse sound of falling water and the calls of birds; andd the perfume of sbrcbs and fiowers, and the shelter of bosky glades and shadowy ave nues, which make of Fjtzvoy Gardens so charming a retreat from the traffic and din of dnsty thoroughfares. IVhea they got home in time for luncheon, Blanche was surrounded by a bevy of sisters- ia-Jaw. among them the Hon. Sirs. Lome- »haw— the one so proudly connected with the British nobility. She also was to sojourn for part of tbe summer at Magnolia Cottage, whither l'lanehe bad now decided to remove in tbe course of seven or eight days; while her husband would come for a few days now and tbeD, as bis professional work per mitted. It appeared from tbe discussion that went on through the meal that the first thing to be done after getting to the sweet simplicity of country life was to organise a high-toned dinner party, at which tbe scion ot a ducal family— a recent arrival in the colony — was to be tbe principal guest. There was a knotty point of precedence that swamped their minds to the exclusion of any other topic; the problem being how to place A. above B. and H. above C., while C. should, /rem another point of view, be above A. 3f.try — who before this used to listen with amused attention to such themes, as well as the endless talks of contriving bow to make one dress Into three, like a Japanese puzzle now found that her en mil was quite as acute as it used to he when Gladys Browne raved about sending mlssionarles'to Thibet. TV ill; some pi-c-ple — aud Alary was one of them— sorrow develops a terrible aptitude /or being bored. "Tliey are such dreary and hopeless snobs," she thought; and then rue- /ully recalled what her father had said after Ills first visit to his married daughter: — "One Colley at a time Is rather entertaining; two are not so bad; but, as for the whole family, nothing but the grace of God eats enable one to put up with thein." "I have not got the grace of God, and 1 simply inust get away front them." thought Blary, when she found that the five sisters were booked with Blanche for tbe afternoon, with an Inexhaustible supply of fashionable Intelligence, and tissue paper patterns for ravishing creations for country wear. Sud denly an Inspiration came to her. She must go to see her old music master, Herr Job- lonsky. who had been ailing when she last faeard from his wife. "You see It Is a case of necessity and mercy, for I fear they may be very badly off," she said, when her sis ter made some objection to tbe plan. i should have thought yon wonld hardly care to- go away while Mrs. Lorneslinw una tbe rest are here," said Blanche, going out with ber Into tbe hall. "But we are to sec so very much of each other," replied Mary; then, with n malicious little smile, "besides,-! find that nt present I aai socially too crude to stand touch more Inlormation regarding the cream of Mel bourne society." 'x jTo be Continued. 