0:' sow Ruth Won ie H ritage. \--e BY ets. G. St=ToTr, Anthoisa o: "the 3Iisain~ He!r of ,jallomby," "Tho ?Mainked Bridal," E£. CHAPTEIL XRXIII. THE 0o0U1S 0ASC. L!t0 TZiI Ano.L or Doo;. " Thoseo who clot the destruction of other.s cfte- faul themselves." Mr Lad?l rad a necond visit to Hazel wood UHseghta on the aftornoon of tho day following is irst call, mad stated to Mre Pimypsn th e ha be hd hd an important intor?lew oith the opposing counrsl, and also wih Mr Basil d uredith. "' Mr Bas ii Mel dih 1" Ine Interpopsed sharply; "what has he to do with this atter T' " dh I pardon mon; I 2hoa!d have statcd perhaps, that Dr Meredith intonds to marry Mrs Ralph Flymep:o aoitsu a fow weeks, and ao bas authorniy to coadr:ti her afi'irs to o cnnoreo'o w:th oEr i-eyet," Mr Lsdd xplainied. Inez Prsyptoai could nou have beoa whnsar if asre Ld bmu dead as sh lif teied to theo confirmiation ot wioat--hO had feoared and auspecteo. EBut qtocky reovNOeing heoif, -ho threwRbato Lder hed andLoaughed a sri~. mockong, hysto?nl iun lgh_ -ISo ies! Meoredith is golg to marry I:h.tPsympou'" sho cueered. Then, obseriang her companion's look of p.r plexei a usonijs-- ohmt, the continued spodioet eoly: "' leely, iMr Ladd, you mast e?Cuse mtoy OseeeOg lovely, but it atrck moe as anagalo1y amusing i hat Mrg Ralph Plympton rhul'd te aou= to s? me for p~opery :~ch ~Oet- :atL on ; atength aof having born thoe ti-fa :a aormer toter of minr, when oe is on :te erge of maarrying anothor trbo rete oi taind the same re?;?on on to c." tMr Lyda meroty teFed to aidicato ftiht he ac?drstoond the enlhatico, whole he al.o was enightened somettot rregardoog her 'monr?a for beorg o inresonvabty de sirous of ighttl g her op.nnernt to the boomr end." Well," she went on to he dioed ? ot reply, "l introrpedt3yo, eod I?i npp te that you habve co=atubdg tf iopit~riota to esy to me." `yeo, heave,'" the ge:ronnr.3 gro !7e replied. "eir Sifob hot not? 5d toe that, out of coonideratioa for yot, at a woman, i31yr redieo ha consentetd to oave away a point of oeotdxce, end you can asael yourelf of it if yoou thoos'." "5lndeed I Mir Aletreditn i reauekably considerate I" bitterly re'orted tho ongy woman. What to the naturo of thl point of ertdenool " "it is thus," oaid tae Laryer ioprea aively: it is known to yor oppornents, and oan be proved, thar :the oAtt wheot you are repreoentino as the heir to the PLympton .popery it inot yoear own child A ih that surely eounds very stron=, Mr ILdd," sourutlly responded Inez with wonrdenfl slf-potosioo in view of the fact that sho wso tredtleig in oevery neri?, "' bt bit really amoon- ttonthing, for 1 can produce the norer who Tate m?th me when ny sn re b?rn, aond who will testify ttoot gave b?tSh to a boy on the 17th of January " ".??o?ibly Yo0 may be able to do that, betoms outatoneprove L oIt thi childo in the ta.mo te ai Ldsdd iuoired, ,thiia b shrewd eycas reareohd h? : iLo. "L ire Plymp?on," he went on g avoy, auhe n o her clooge colto :- at h jnennino. ' this is a very gorave rctor. L-n tredrth says that to epa Fono a -iNew Tork paper m rwich ireeo is a? sraft sete?rt for a mae chld ee: ?lo o two twoes -oL; thathecan *lso roduoo a boy who, in answer to rot advertustemWt, took his own little brt or to you. This boy tells atSrght, plansuoti story; and to sap plement ther, ie Me rodith overhaooe only lwst Saetrdeay? ornve-ito between you and hoea same boy, dering which yor tried to bribe him by the pruotne of some money to preserve your wecet. row ii these easeetioon es n be provon yea do not stand the alightest ohanne in cootest ing the wuse; and besides, if you were found g?ilty of saoL an not of frnad yon would he liable to impreeonrmn for a long term of rean.". o Bever I you don't mean that " ex elaimerl In to a sa iOe of horor, ent oamospected danger which now seemed to meerce her. "dems Pitmpton, yo may re y upon what I roil you on ahoing esolestloy eor rzer," litLootd retueoood oith dignify. " Of cor"s if .saw the ?entge of a hope of winning the e.uo, I would contest it for yoe to the obet of my ability; bt cnder the cfrcemstaees it hcomeonya y dauy to pdoise yea to se.le it priraaly, since pyor opponents are wiling to grant you that prioeiege--' "F?ow eceein?agly gnanimouspa in torxuptod Inez rith a mockin moor. "Yes, I o-etanly re?ardft ; "? theo gentlem? n returned, "sine rie ML edith seaBed me. opcoohioloonotr that they eon bring aginst you ovenr trr-ge -e cril-n than what eas been revealed. Believe mae?n tPesopton there are ery fer people who wold ohow yea so moth cnt aideraticoo-who wotold not taoit upon pehi?g the ouse fo the tter of the law oe the pearpeae of bringing to jpte.i the lapnerpcfrttd againc t them. e wish I mighet beerado yo to be ra?ronfte. sd fros mo o an e wpaole." he conclno ed earueatIc. "Well, as for that metter, the omaen whoeila heoeo; drs Rfalo Pl mpten may stir p somethiog of a nelatt byaeppsciybefore the pubEic as a cfsimant of this property," Ineztt.aogty retorted "She e hoe to maeaeif prooing that she wa evera? car to?d, for she has no ertidEata of Dthat eent ; the ertiy 'rho she claims performed the Ceremony ts deed; the raerde Ae booted; the only wetoeesi· ssiarint "Yon are mifaiten, my dear Ieun Plympton, aboot there being no certil' Itatse," said It [add. "itwslost it has been found-I Sate seen it," "?.onntI" asoped his comepation, ,cltchiog her breth sharply ; iteast be a for o; it is a geaoine documeunt lsihaniel Grant's aiguatore would be a diffiruit one to forge, nd 1 hate sen ift too tnsoe times not to recognise it," Mr laddaeti r taely afirsto "Of tounoe, ve Pst wring I ridemanded whoa this sleat; was submitted to me wee proof that ifes [laJldo P',yiptot was what she pro' lossed to be, sod e aroe cre there is not the tsfeteat doubt of the legality of her ionretge with the son of yonr otae hoe' l Plgmoptos sank woekly both in her chstrq4thbis areomeOs, her stretgeh and 5ies begin to estizs that ehe had be' gmae eataogled in Ot nEtfrom whith it aright be very difficult to tktrieost bOrsol f ase persisted so her daternfnatifs to She asee reslized that abe ead bees tgnsusly detfeated in evecy plot erhich she had laid for the deoenali of her rival; for the alionating of her hra b nd had raclly been no triumph over iRut, ircea it hod only reot:ced Inreveal fa. to h;r the fact thut he ho d L r raclly loved him. It "a ot a b hiter blc', end her a?:?egot natur c could ill brook abcialon to it. SAft r a m3ment she drco heIreelf haiaghtily crev. SReally, Mer Ldd, it a31o"ject Cms that you see arbuing In favor of the in tresets of the oppou g rparty," she said in a tones of cold displeasare. " I am not, amam? I assure you," ho returned, col.-ing deeply at the slur; " I am arguing for your intcretsa alone; for, sa I have already told you, I do not aee the ghost cf . chanue in this contest. If the case should COme to a tril, I cm very much aL-oid that I could not save you from expiating a crime, and for the cskeo of your late husband, who woa my friend as well as my client, I would ave. the name of Plympton from that diagrrce." " Very well," Inea haoghtilyrepon?ded, "eince you atrongly urge it, I will con aider the matter of settlement Upon what terms will they eottle I" ' Upon auch terms as the law allowe every widow-right of dooer." ' Really, Men Ruth is making a bold striko for a big staLe!" Insz interrupted in a towering p~sioe. " I will not con rent to it," sae cried, ertatier to her foot; "I will not subecit to anythmg to son atr us. MIy husbnd intended that I aeadd uire the who!o of his proporty he utterly roeudiatad this girl and her chilad, ol it .? was n?derstood when I mar ried him that I ohoeld have evr.ything." "Thatr.ary be rery true, Mls Plymp ton," said the lawyer; "but if such was his wish he uhould have ade a will to that effect." " He did not think it neccsary," Into anusered ; he was in perfect health until a few hoursefo heave ne died, and waR looking forward to the prospect of an heir to c c:e~ d to hi? propar?'t. "All the:a L e,'3 s ma very un w cL m 0 is aicu not to either s'ttlo a hlandeorcm a upon yon, or maIe a waill in your favor. t am really very eorry, and if by any muces in my power I could s~ors more for ,onu I would moot gladly do so. But ,Lr . eredith is inomarablo in his demand tea: the child Hope chall have all that rightfully belongs to the nareat of kin." "Ira a ahame'--an outrage l" cried the angry roman, stamping her foot with pasieon. " Yes, it s hard," Mdr Ladd a?ui.-d. "I most thmin it over-I cannot make ap my mind to-day. How much time -r'l they giae m t" hi mompanion ex citnlEy inqui-ed. " Well, I am afrald not very much," replied her counrel. " r Meredith is anunsu to have something definitely de olded upon at once, as he la conterapintng a trip to California about the firt of Sep tember." " Io I then they are to b, married at that time I" cried Ine with a etarf. " Yes ; so Mir Silsby informs me." The wretched woman pre?ed her fiagers hard aga1iather temples to nt:litheoerce throbbing that nearly drove her wild. The thought of 3Ril Meredith's mar reage wih Ruth Plympton "wea to her wrcevo thon t'e torture of the rack. * Vei," the observed impatiently as soon as she could commnd horeeif eati cieatly to apcak, " how much time can I have i" "A week or two lerhars ; I will try to sTay precoeding to favor you as much as poeaible.'" a?d the lawyer. "But," he added, " I am adrisad that there mor-t bo no further dronrring upon the funds he ol.n'Lg to th estate." "~Very well; I have ?-npy of my on," InZ- re:or-eda ?arply. " I con getnlon fo a coCple of 'eeks, I imacine, withou: robhing the = lymct.on bahk ac:azon." IMr Ladd nowe arcte to go; the oitu.ticn wan bcoming exce.d.ngly unluoa=crt.a-e for him. while heala. bgen to experience a faeling of disgust cr thi sto.-nge, eery creature, with whom hitherto h hhadlcad cued the plearanta: t relations. Immedi?Aety after his detartoate In~ ly-mptou woet to her own room, whenr ehl thre? he-solf upou the bed, for she was r0?oo out with tIO evil pa?sions that h-d been aros?oed within her, while she was aleo- sik at heart in view of Basil Meredith's apprrcahing marriage. She began to reauine, also, that she maot relinrquish all right and title to Hatel wood eights? She would be obliged to leave the beastiul place forever, for her reign wa over. It had been brilliant though brief, and her fate ssemed all the more bitter because of that very fact. She had buret upon Albany soiey like some splendid metec, and now she was deatined to sink as udd e?ly into oblivion, while her hated rival would queen it in her plana. loubdtea Ruth would occupy the eiyghts hereafder as her summer home; her winters would of con-so be spent in BaSilt Seali th'5 elvgaotreeiddcoe in New York-sod she ground her whit? teeth in impotent -wrsh at, in imagination, she pictrre! her, aspreamely anpy in thelove of he: noble babanda, moeing abuc thcoe btaut:iul roams 'ahih had so raenatly bea-n itted up icr herealf with such lavis. ex- peniture., Oh I I could beun it to the ground," she sobbed in abjoet grieL '" wish I dare reduc it to ashe ; bat of coazoe if I ohould the crime would at once be at tributed to me. Ad I if it was not for the hope that Czatillo has held out to me, I could almost wih that I wore dead!" The following morning aho received a note from Mr Ladd, Informing hebr that she would be allcwae one week in which to make cp her mind whether she would contest Mrs Ralph Plympton's clam on behalf of her child or quietly setle the matter as already propa?od. He closed by remarking that ha "trusted her nasal good judgment would ladn her to decide in favor of the latter arrangement." Only one week more ! The words ran like the knell of doom in her eanr. ot becauso she was so leeplyatiached to the place that it would bur?t her heart to leave L.zelwoosd Heights. There were other places i the world where abs could live and be jest es comfortable, and she would by no means be left deatiute in surrendmering that handsome property, although it caused her a keen pang to feel tbather resources were to be so materially curtailed. But the one thought that wae the most prominent - that overbalanced every other feeling and onaidwertionse, war the maddening fact that Ruth, the woman whom she so hated and envied, was to sapeeoode her there. er'eie the whole of that allotted week she remained closely at home. She did not adren go for her ancectomed drive; she denied ho- er to all visitors, while, roving restlessly from room to room--breodin upon the changos which the near future threaetenem to make in esitable; th?inia of thne approaching rage, that of itorif wa lmoat wafi-' dtent to driveo her inoanae, she was an etterly wretched aks it in poeeible to imagine that any human being cumld be. Bot on the day before the one set for her dciacelo a letter baaring a forerig poatmerk ?m+ade its appearance with the morning mai. There was a look of eager, startled ceoranity it. her eyn and a narcn tremcr inherheodn abe haaiy tore off the entelopa and devoured ins coteote. Her fate eaa a atdy ant ahe pereed. thoan doesdy written paged Wonder, Ircredulity, hate, and triumph ewept in quick rcceselon over her ea?tlful featcrer, bMlzed in herr fd ight eve. n?d borned can her chECee. " Wonder of wcendera PI' lho breathed as oho fi?i?sed the epiesde. Then oe read it thror;h a reon= timeo, moro deliteeatcly ned carefu!ly, after which seo c-opied rn s.dres it had co:: talned, then tearing the letter Into atoms, lsha thros the fragments into the grate and hold a lighted taper to therm until they were entirely consumed. "Thorn I there is no danger of theoc anhes telling any tale,"' he muttered. "If could have bornod all other bridges behind me as effectually I rhoeld never have been in my present critioal posi tion." She tat awhile absorbed in thought, then rising, went to her desk, where she wrote rapidly for an hour, after which she enclosed the dheots in an envelope and superscribed it with the address ahe had copied from the letter. Then dlipping this into another envelope with a few lines of oxplanation, she addressed it to "Senor Alfco tCstillo, London, Eng land," and despatched it by a special mscengere to the post oate. "OhI what a comedy of erroe- I what a ro.ance I' o he oeelaimeed a eEo waetched the servant out ef sight, while a low, meeking laugh rippled over her red lips. *Well, it miii be 'di one d cat diam=ond' for a while, ?ad then-oh, think good ancs! ther is another continent and other prospects ahead.' CFIAPtER t XXL??. A?N APrrARITIO2. "'o ocyo to atcnh-no toagno to wound us, Allearth forgotandall heaven aroad no." The following morning Inez Plympton dressed hemelf with the utmost care, and drove into the city to give her sanwer to Icr Lodd. Ap.-rently aho3 as in thLe bet of She ..wo grrcton, arleble, coa-'ing, and greeted her couneel a3 ii oho had raevcrknown a rosle of temper or an or casion for an oatbhak of passion. "Yeo," she cald, aba had come to tell him that heo world "' ottle ;" but abe would like to propoao that a stated auto be given to her rather than what would be likely to accrue to her from her dower right to one-third of the estate, for she wnea going abroad to live, and such an arenagemer t wrold be more conuvnient to her Besides, sinco there would doubt !cs naltays be an unpl"eantness between the twa bre.nchC of the family, a fial cettleoont could be much more agreeable than to extend their b-jOine retatiom n with each other indefinitely. She -ould also like to ask as a favor that she be allowed to remain at Bazel wood ieighte until she wae ready to sail, which would not be until about the fiert of October, as something'had ocurred to interfere with her plane; a change pre vious to tha? would necesitato a great deof trooble and expenee to her, white ahe would engage to leave everything about the =?arnion and nece in the beat po eib!e order, and pay whatever rent was deemed right for the few remaining neeck that ash7 would occucy it. MLr LDd eepeconed himeefI as pl-xlrd with her deci:on, and pronmed that he would make the very blet arangeroeunt pocsible for her, and ict her know the rn alt at an early date. So Inez Piympton went hCr way witih malicions g!loa in her tLeanhsroa eyes, and the old mckieg anile on her lipe. iMr ro:edith was incined to insist thet sh ae rordere to v cate hialoci tieigh:s izr:moi.tely, but iluth, zl-rays nod aod cr·zin:e-r.:e, pleaded that s-a oc a o.red to oc:Ipy the9 p??-. nntil Oc:oh- r, as she lead regr.eted. " I d not cars to ,o there at pre-ent" ste said. ' I have all th. I can attecnd Sdeing the =et fw wee wee wicthout having the care and cnomai"n of m.avir. So prie~o, B.ai, let eoroe-yhing rmmai lut es it /-, and when wra rcot.rn o or eip we -ill go and too' the house over to see w.:t c .ges we would like mode before taking pos?sw lan of it next su-m So Do?iu yielded, and it wo- agreodthat Mer Anthony Plympton should remain ncistiea in the home where, for more than a year, she had queened it right royally, unti October. Mr Meredith, with 3L- Si?lby and Mr Ladd, consueted together regarding a suitable sam to be settled upon her, in view of her signing away all her interest in the property. An agreement was nally male that seemed fair to them, and then Ine? was notifiedof the amount, and also that her req?est had been granted. When Mr eLad told her she smiled vicionaly, and remarked !with the atmost rang-fvoid : "" elL, now that thoe-a mattes are tsttled, what is to be do with the baby? " The baby ." repeated the Ioser in won deezing maze. "I don't th.ink quit endoersand yon." " Why, since I have no further tce for him, I thoght, perhaps, Mrs Ruth Plympton might like to take another pro tevs." t?e. Ls?d corld smcely conceal hi disgut at this snggesieon " Do you mean that you intend to de sert the child I' he demanded. " Have yon not adopted itT' " No; there were no legal formalities," Tnaa replied indiferently. "Of conure, if everything had ran smoothly I Shoold hare kept him for the sake of the pro perty, bahot since the fraud has been dis covered, I do not intend to troeble myself any forthor about him." " asre you no affction for the child for whom you have cared for so long 1" the man wonderingly Ifquired. ' Well, no; I am free to confess that children are simply odious to me," she nblushingly declared. " As long as he figured as Master Anthony Plympton, and I had the control of his money, 1 could pt up with him; I could keep a none for him, and so he really didn't trouble me very much. Bat now that I hwve lost the game, I'm not willing to be at any eoxpense on his account, and those who robbed him of his fortune may pro vide for hir, or III hand him over to some institution." The lawyer was speechles before this manifeatatton of heartlesnee. and before he could fully recover himself to make any s?rgest?on regarding the disposal of ths poor little waif, Mr Silby woe an asonred. He apologied for intruding, butadded that, in his recent interview with iMr Ladd, he had entirely forgotten to state that iels Itslph Plympton desired him to regaezt that the fBrownig baby be con sinned to her care therofore he had come pereanelly to ascertain if tfes Anthony would consent to sach an ormngement. *"With the greatest pleasure in the world, sir," the woman replied with a sneering laugh ; " I hd jast intimated to Mr Ladd that some such dieposition to made of the child; Mrs Ralph Eotiake asrtaunn Plympton can have him and welcome." Thus in leas than two hours afterward Master Anthony wa quietly seseplo? ios lttls Hope's mile, while Will sat bhotel him, a smile of inlnite content and ton drnss illamnitghi plain but honest face. To e ConSirwud 