COMPLIMENTARY FAREWELL TO REV. C. W. HARRISON. Probably tL ,l argd, moilt reprlo sentative, (an1 m, o it : cc;Iu ,l'ul glath.r in; ver hold inll th. Tofa t tancc fll , Ilup IHill, wtta, that which 1 t ,un i,'lth thMro on 'I'ucsda'y eveniub, to Lake part in a laretwill social, in hlo ,or of the liev. (i. W. Hlarri:son. 'T'hrough the inltrutncutality of a ntumlbl r of ladies and guntlh+men, multr the able superintendencu of Mr.1. L:ach, the dull pro:aic apps arance of the iut,ýrior of the hall was traI. frmIl a; if hy magic; the wall be:ing hdeIoratVd with bunting, Il)weur:, and gIUreU:ry, Ilaul myriads of fairy laip[) ani lantern 1 wero suspended from liters JWlointl. Tables, loadedl with all m',au1ir of nico things, tastefully aet out, wyre ranged along the hall. So) ntr1umrou1 was the Ittlndanllleo of friend l and well-wishers of M"I. Ilarri son, that the long row of tables was not suflici ent to accommodate all at once, and many had to wait till the crush sub sided. So plentiful, however, was the stook of edibles laid in, that after all had. eaton and wore filled, many baskets might have boon filled of the fragments that were left. Amongst the ladies who presided at the tables and otherwise helped, were Mesdames l3oyland, flatten, Crump, Trernuwan, L.ach. Idoss, 1Francothb, ' felford, Vatkins, and t.ltlluaway, t,1 tt1:llh,,. F. Sutton, Kulford, Cannon, 'Talbott, Sedglnann, J. Talbott, A. (Galloway, and Kinloch, who all did their utt most to see that the hungry went not away unnsatisfied. VWhen the feasting was over and the tables were cloeared, and the cups, plates, and saucers had all disappeared, the seats were rearranged and were rapidly hilled, so that when the chair. man, Mr. E. Bishop, J.P..', got up to open the after meeting, the hall was packed from the platform to tile door. Proceedings were coinmenoed by the company singing a couple of versos of the hymn '! Onward Qhris tian Soldiers," after whilch Mr. C. l)auck hold forth in prayer. The chairman remarked that the meeting was called to say good-bya td' the Roev. Mr. Harrison. lie was pleased to see such a largo and repro. sentative gathering-there wore momn., bers of all churches, as well as repro. seontatives of no, church at all. Ile hoped all the speakers, who werq to be limited to live-minute addresses, would keep to the text. They were met to say good.bye, and niot to dis cuss anythinug from a party spirit. They had nothing to do with the causes of Mr. lIarrison's leaving, and lie wanted nothing but pleasantness, and that the meeting should go with a swing. This send.off had been got up by Mr. Harrison's friends, apart from church or creed, for he was a man whom all could respect, and many love for his work's sake. They were bidding farewell to a publio man, and it was only right that ministers should be publi meon. Mr. Harrison hA nrovac hinelf .to o be a manly parson, ant whlnst treylIionored' ilts position they could not forget that he was a man and a brother., (Applause). Song, "We must be ready to meet' the tide," Miss James. - The Rev. Mr. Walton was pleased to have the opportunity of saying a few words in praise of his esteemed friend, Mr. Harrison; When he (the speaker) was quite a youth, only 21, he was sent to a circuit that was under the superintendence of Mr. Harrison, and since then he had had a most sincere attachment for Mr. Harrison, whom he found ever ready to give a word of praiso and on. couragement when it was deserved, and was not afraid to chide when it was needed. IHe was a man withli a manly heart, never afraid to tell you if you had done 1wrong, and never negloecting to say "well done,' wheni you had done right. In this respect he was like the snowned Peter Cart. right, who when holding a revival meeting was quietly advised to mode. rate his manner because a General Jackson had arrived. Instead of fol lowing the advice, Poter sang out to the meeting Who is Genoeral Jack. son ? If he doesn't get hii soul convertilit , h, will 1,e tlLnneld w; sulre tas any (uinea. nhro," Iliis friends said that Pl'etert wounld get a thr.Ishing from thl glenLal, bilut whelnl the latter met Potur in the -trect he cordially slho,,k him ibh tlh handl, and pr.ti.;ed hint for hi.s urageL, his tlhorughnlIess, and :,trai?lhtfortwairin:?.;. It \as the prtoper plusition t',u1 it a nilister to take tilu - to fear nl mblit',; frowtn, andI court ino lt an; fItt'0. It wai tlhe o1lly way to Ilerit and willn ucct, antl e.tecitt, '1lt to do the worlk of tthe Mater. ie heartily l\'dtil MI, Ilarri.;on succe.; and p'le.perity in iis future work. (.\ppla ;,). ion", " T'he Lw,tallw," M[r-4. I'ortr. Ii citatiJn, " Tihe Inventor'sI \Vife," Msl?s Uter. The Rev. J. Patten, I. PrI byet'ruan) remarkedl that hIt had acceptlh I\ithL ;,Len in li ,e ,I.Is rI tih invitationl to IbC pre1 e nt to Lay )-good -bye to ai brother Lilli:tter w1ho he :o highly esteeImed. 1ie wias excecdingly plea:ed at the clhuering ;ight thalt melt his eye when he arrived , andl to note the enthtsi 1t11 and tl lelrly' tIispltyedt; whlichL reuminded hill of the returning of thi exile, in Nehemiah, whenL thlu good book said " thill people hlld a mindlh to work." Truly here also it hadl been SlIown that the people of Dox lilli lhad a minid to work, and theI guiding impul::o that prompted thtlCl oin waI the resplct thIey bore lr. l\ 'Lison, an their appreciation of Iim ar ai I LLanlly 111111n anLd It manly Chlristian, not afraid to give expres:ion0 to hi opinions. Tlhi was a class of man Lot cOnltllLoy 1't1t with ev?e11 alongst )liniiterv. Mr. II arriison wal one who would bluItIy :ay lwhat wa.L in his mind whether in the pulpit 01or out sf it. 'lhaLt ti t. t'aul. characteCr 'tic --he 1ats nut afraIid of any ltlan, ccoglnising that it 1wa-1 lisi balsillne?:S lot to please m?n: but the Master ,1hout he srveild. 1They wore tIerl' to liced tilhe parting luest, lland this was oust do1ne by W\iling hint (iod-sped, lic hal wonll the eLtucm of tIhe whoCle iniotntity, even if hlie tet with hsomo lppoeition. That wa. only to be xpcctetd if he did his duty in hi call ng, iand a minister was not worthy of is alt if ho did not provoke some lppr?ition occasionally. Mr. Harrison would give ait good account of himself •hlerevr he went, and he (tilhe ,,.akhr) heartily wished him God. l,,-"I both in hii work and in his Flnily conlllctioniJ. 11o leaves with lhe ripect of all, ail. should feel r,tified at thel warimth of his send ,I1' which wa.s not indicated by the lh iiinotleter. A warmer or more yiopathetic :endl-off could not be wilhed for, and lie (thoe speaker) h,,lily joined with Mr. Harrison's friendI.; in vwilinlg hint God-speed in lili new .;ihers of labjor wherever his lo iliuht hu ca:It. (Applause). Vocal dot, " CGii' firoll afar, thou biolli. , of It tuty," ' llh Mlisses Tialbett. Mr. .1. A. W'ise remarked that he wi i sorry to have to Say good-byo to brothleur iarris on, who lhadl always appeared to him as an hone-,t straight forward nian, who alwala said what he omeanit, and i?eanit what lie said. lie had shown himlhuself willing to step into any gap to help ,tih sis.ter church, iand as at tmperanco advocate had not been backward in appearing on the public platform, As a citizeon of Biox Hill he had don- his best to elevate thie coimmunity. Of coursie lie had iot pleased everybod(ly, the man who could do fthat wa> not hern yet (laugh. ter), aol when lie did coime into a xAr.nte It w n nout ob, t,. oxi,..,o3 that lie would lie allowed to remain in liox Hill. (L?atughliter). it would be too bleak for hintui here. Ile once heard of a imember of a church-he believed it was the l'rrbyterian-who was always talking against and oppo sing everything. To placate him, lihe was elected to oflice, made a deacon, but there lie was still ai nuisance, and in despair the minister called a special prayer meeting for his benefit. The man was proached at, and prayed over and all to no purpose, and at length the minister In his concluding prayer said "Lord, we have done all we can for this man, and now we ask Thee to take him to Heaven." But no, this would not satisfy him, lie did not want to go to Heaven. (Laughter). There swere other people in the world like that man, (laughter) and while there were, it was impossible for Mr. HIarri. bn or anyone else to. please all, Some people had an idea it was ais very easy*thing to be a minister. I1e tried it once, and did his best to see that nobody left till the collection was taken up (laughter), but lie would not like to do that every Sunday for the salaries -of, all the ministers in Box Hill put together. People should be left to to do their own particular work. Hoe had a button come off the other day, and not wishing to bother his wife, hlie sewe'l it on again, but sowed it on the wrong place, and it had to come off, but hlie took off the wrong button, and by the time hlie had got the buttons right hlie came to the conclusion that it was ridiculous to keep a dog and do the barking your. self. (Laughter). Mr. Harrison was a healthy myln, and they wanted ro. but mus in Sie miinmtry;. io'eronally lie (the speaker) always liked to sit under the preoching of Mr. Harrison, who; like St Peter, seemed to be filled with the Holy Ghost, and who stirred you to the depth of your soul, and made you feel as if you had a good time, and would try to be better in the future. In bidding Mr. Harrison good-bye hlie hoped God would ever be with him and his, and that his work would be blessed, so that when the King came in Ills glory he would be able to say " Here am I, Lord, and those who thou hast givuen me." (Applause). .... Quartette, " Sweet and Low," the Misses Biber, and Messrs. Williams and James. * Mr. latten expressed very great pleasure at seeing so many present to do honor to Mr. Harrison, who was a friend of his, and it afforded him pleasure to be able to say a few words in his favor. It was about 4 years ago when he first met Mr. Harrison at a meeting at Blackburn, and then he thought how good it would be to get a man like him for their minister. About 12 months afterwards he heard Mr. Harrison at the little church aj Box lill, giving out the hymn Just a1 I am, without one plea," and his favorable impression of him was decieen.l, and later on when he found that Mr,-i larison had been invited to accept the appointment at the church he wa; delight-d beyond mea ur,. I'p to then he had not spo. ki to Mir. IIIrriin, but after the 1ini ;ter':; firs.t service lie went uip to him and shook haulds, and they soon got to klnow each other, and the better hc knew him the mnore he estteumed him. 11e felt great regret at Mr. Itarrison'is severanlce froml tlhem, and the popl- wvanted to know why was lie goixi,1. lFron what lie know lIs wvoniidredl that Mr. Hlarriison had not igone bhtfje. When iiferior:; tried to licttc tand inlterfure it was timeo for lii to l..lke a stalnd. As anll oflicer 1of the chlirchlh, e had often felt an. uliyLed at the \waly the minister was tratdI, but hlie could safely say that Mr. Iliarrisozi had lnever done any. hhing that wa~ not becoming to a chri-rstian minisiter or a man. lie had been eharged with breaking up the church, but if they wanted to know the reason, it rested avith four men, and it was as well to state this on account of the way tlit.ui-late minister had been harassed and pulled to pieCes without cause. Thoere was one thing to be thiankful for, and. that was that Melthldist union would be consunlula. tcl in UJ02, amini they could look for. word to ai time when Mr. Harrison would be with them again as minister if the united church at Box lill. Applahue). Ilj wishelcd God.-spced to Ifr, larrison and his family. lie ioped God's blessing would roest on elin. While they were losing him it n(eant a gain to another district, for Ir. llartison was -going back by maninous invitation to an old church t liiohluond where hlie hbid labored for liree years. This Was sufficient trgument to slnow that his sexvices Vere appreciated, rind that he was ield in the highest estcut, lie was caving Iox lHill with the respect of il1, .xcetpt a very few who were dying very hard. (Applause). i Vocal duet, " The Sailor Sighs." the Misses Iliber. ltRecitation. " A Tale of the Sea," Miss M. Wilson. Duet, a " Where shall we meet," (encored) and O'er the bhill, o'er the dale," Mrs. FPorster and Miss Fannys Lyndhurst. The Rev. G. Schofield (Wes!eyan), was pleased [to be present to say a word or two about the departing guest. It must be very gratifying to Mr. llarri. son's feelings to see so large a gathering. leo felt very sorry at losing Mr. Ilarri son, both on public and private grounds. Mr. Harrison and himself had come to Blox llill about the samne time, and they became friends when first they met, and had continued so ever since. They had had good times together, and sr, I[arrison had always been ready to help when needed, It was pleasing to know that Mr. Harrison was only going away as far as Richmond, so that an exchange of pulpits might easily be made oics. sionally, (Applause). Mr. Ilarrison was what might be called a straight tip and down mtanl, straightforward and manly. On behalf of the Weslovan church he wished Mr. and Mrs. Harrison and family God'speed and God's blessing. Song, "The Garonne,'" Mr. P. IBishop. Mr. A. It. Stephenson alluded to the • good work done by Mr. Harrison in originating one of the healthiest and most vigorous institutions in the place-- the Young Men's Club of Box Hill. (Applause). Like another lasman who had spoken that evening he felt that a minster's task was not an easy one. In his youth he took a delight in the gamo of Aunt Sally, pitching sticks at a wooden dell. Some people seem to look upon ministers as Aunt Sallies, and were never tired of throwing things at them. (Laughter). They did things with par sons they would not think of doing to other men, because they thought })rsons could not hit back or pay tlhtem tt their own coin. Parsons were not only sup posed to keep the ten conmntatndments, but to conform to iO other commtand. ments that some people utanufactured for them. (Applause). In a minister's life there came experiences as in the lives of all--exlperiences that were set forth in the '.3rd Psalm, written by a man who had sonme wisdom, though lihe naver lived in Box Hill. (Langhter). Mr. Harrison had been in the " green pastures andi by " still waters, and lately he hstad been " passing through the valley of the shadow." Persons had been pitching their sticks at, him, but the Lornl had been with him leading hin in the paths of righteousness for IHis name's sake." It was the wish of all that the Lord would still be with him, blessing him abundantly. Rlecitation, " Prayer and Potatoes," Miss N. liber. At this stage. the chairman, in a neat speech, on behalf of the people of BIox Hill. presented Mr. Harrison with a purse contatining £20 10/ in gold. Mr. ishop stated that Mrs. Harrison had already received her present, a handsonme tea service, from the girls of her Sunday school class. Thie Rev. G. W. llarrison, who met with a most enthusiastic reception, thanked his friends for their handsome present, and also thanked the girls. ot behalf of his wife, for their kind gift. The young lady who had been deputed to make the presentation, had been quite overcome with emotion, and both Mrs. Harrison and himself would treasure the presents so graciously made. Speaking about leaving the church before Ilis time was up, he remarked that his reasons for doing so were three 'a nssi'e. 'kie tirst he would not uren. tion, as it was pretty well known already; the secotnd was that he felt he had done all hlie could and found hlie had failed; as head of the church he had been ignored, and felt that he had not the confidence of some of the officers, and he refused to be bound dcown with chains and shackles. The third reason was in respect to finances, but that would not have been suflicient to make him resign, if the two first reasons did not exist. He thanked the people for their sym. pathy and for their hearty wishes, and was especially grateful to the ladies who had done so much to make the send-off so successful. lIe had no doubt that brighter things were in store for Box Hill, and that what he had passed through, would, under God's providence, prove a blessing, so that the name of God would be glorified in Box Hill, and the cause of Christianity triumph. " (Applause). SOn the motion of Messrs J. Ingamells and A. Rlawlings. J's.P. a hearty vote of thanks was passed to all who had assisted-the ladies who prepared the tea, the singers, reciters, speakers, Mr. Leach for decorating the hall, and the chairman for presiding, Miss Fanny Lyndhurst sang " Good. bye," and was vociferously encoredl twice, and graciously responded each time, to the evident enjoyment of all. Miss Amy Wiss ably presided at the piano during the evesning. The corn. mittee who inaugurated the affair de' serve the highest ccmmendation for the excellence of the programme submitted \- the tea, the singing, and the reciting, and the speechifying being all alike en' joyable. After a verse of the national anthem had been sung, the meeting was closed by the 11ec. (;. Schofield pro' uounoing the benediction. 