MAX HIRSCH, wh„ is ,,ow fulj be a candidate for the Federal Hd tatives. ™ SINCE 1891 the strength ofTH proper has decreased l>v 'JO strength is now 4Siis. Miss VIDA GOUISTKIN, the eli of women's rights, js a daughtl Superintendent Colonel ColdsteD law of Aye leader writer, H. H. THE Rev. Chas. Clark again. The Rev. Chas. lias had: seasons under the ansjiic es of R.f there were not wanting indication sion of the second lour'thiit Aust the Clark it cared about. FEMALK students at the Natic number male by four to one, aa artist commenting 011 this the o3 that this invasion of art by word world will " revolutionise and rui ' THE wife of Sir John Forrest is Westralian aboriginals, and lias fl book dealing with the- local niggi manners and customs. If Lady ] truth, and the whole truth,about which -the aboriginals of the 1 subjected under the ollicial eye : • have a big sale. POOR Amy Castles, after all the ment which has been hers, and triumph which she was credited w; as only the equal to a street siij nightly under the Town Hall J indeed. The Ayr has seen lit 1 performance at the Tov n Hall one criticisms it has been one's lot to! is it any wonder that when she r bitterly ? THE Shah of l'ersia &mokes; t| pipe which holds a pmi:i'l of the | The average schoolboy, after hie) with the leaf, is not likely to en this possession. j CONGRATULATIONS have heen I Trenwith, M.P., foi his adraj tion in the Central districts of Qui he arrived on the sji'.-i it was thi would be a majority -iiiPt theBfl because out of elevwere openly and t'nr union. The referemlii: members secretly - howed a : in favour of the causi. CHIEF CLERK Joir Police Department, very young man for holds, being only a c decade. But what !v makes up for in ahii: study and experieii'. authority on police gifted with an exi-.-;- without reference t- number and rank of and odd officers and of this colony. PKESIDENT Ronn-.'. some years prior to of the Public Service now holds an impon.. the Government .St;-,- champion debater 0: good platform presf voice, and ahuudan always on hand, the: more interesting to 1; > as he is familiarly cah. he will be a candidal' at the next general "WHO will be >1-' incoming year?" is* cipal circles and*hen t «.^d.an cussed it is found th.,' the present Mayor .... • * . Gillott. The former ;.^ not jet« Will do, but it is lacv.I U nd«iit submit himself for re-ei£>on, ° j Gillott's claims will n" <* 1 «e S Mayor of Melbourne, ^ hard-hitting Cr L - « member of the Federa 1 J f J , and be one of the i^ourea knights. The certificates to alnv o vo ; Federal poll will^ot^bc known whether the A cstrai a vote on the subject. LLLIELL, 0 :inparati • import . • of yea; •i;f n , nd enei] .- is und r.ers gel memorj ; I: or pa •• the fi who cosi :f the A. rne th& , js pecui I^Sser^' its 0 ' r the v .•yao" "mfcer are Bixtv-tiv^ raBW. .j- 0f nun--: ^longl> eforeth i" Wilder the speci.-.' , 0f the Leg>8 ln: »- f JLof chivalry k- & Sir Frederick • BjSArthor Snowne. »rted the.r vo u.Sf[heproposa i^UiEBTorcHE, the wt IK Victorian R ^ KtUdyEdin's [dptoisIlotapaM-, :own and . riting to •-i spent a • ;ness the ;. but in ; Hearing- W was a public ho! • - mcon- *K?L S| Agricultn--' Society s fcartwirtbeinpclosen, My. Justice of «M flesh-™., to the im*".' Whiit uri,! denied to iie dairy m specially were « surveying with inquiring inventions of butter-factories a Tffjjv Judge,"cried the friend rutis here to interest n judge oj r. % "Oh I don't know,' replied B 1 -® 1 - , "Divorce Courts i f c S n f f i crew tela creme. Ad with a quiet twinkle in his eye, Ufbeen acting ae a separator this Ltoiv sexagenarians are about to be WieVictorinn Civil Service. Prob- Lfcrof tbm m 36 fit flS " ddles > and '' t never to have been there at ik the newspaper man—of the He dies of inanition. The i Mantalini would say, is too ifftveii LiU Mr are Chamberlain, to go, each of and them twenty- three fauger than Mr. IjiaUBlUIIC Gladstone when WLbU U« he rikp Premiership of England ! Does lapreposferous ? Some Nome of 01 these tnese noor poor Cit is an insult to call old/may the London cab-horse, "V ","7" which [indead when taken out of the shafts |itp. If unlit let them bo >o weeded, ooffiftyand forty, too. istiin to the ladvorganists, one asks Eire to get their 'chance at the MelfcP! It is said they are not strong , tie Town Hall instrument, which bapenilitureof £1000, or more, to have ^nugements brought up to date, so ife light and easy in the mechanism, I it lafc are only too eager for an -j.k™ MayorjM'Kaeharn cannot efuse thein a show. The aeflaiehave been getting a little dry Wipes aeam, though it would set off KiLLC., tell regiment made iu quite a Tullochgoruni. a hit with his tm&e; night. Armes Beaumont had a rami than anything. The convivial fjaID the frame of mind to muse over s, if old enough, and Armes revived it :"Let Me like a Soldier Fall." One the ghost of Fannie Simonsen or beside him—but stay, is so Barker was cjuite in tip- " form, and evoked notes ' from the Plioeene am WJ} n Ha!L .ihe fellow with a was capital, and the Irish hred U P to perfection pwersitY ii il itD v to re T c eive Mr. F. M-U.R, LLB.', back „ into the fold again. f ^ withdrawn his resignation as before it had time to take 'he onlv •Y E „? advancin S 10 fre sh and } M •'kfulltlii s / lr - Woyd always perover.in? f °^Vhicl ' llleis P aid .'but "Wen •fetrd ^udentshelp .j . , without ,•„' any pay at all, ^ ^ and so on. Delightful com- for HmntoLnfe wtti (:redited last X ' , amedl0 W S the House >ofaS,^! rras r ; !'g Ministries e, which the File vived whence v/cut on to say cured of his prourprised to wh0 a Cultural al «1 by train 'k t£s ™[ v at I- iemington on f mui w [hundreds less . ---are u Remington wmf 0 ' 1 )nst jnsi Cupday. • ^ This hi t U ' e Sho^' Show, and tba our contenthe Show almost .as the tT k race is not ' Wi;;; very 'Fo^'^'-Cupby Tnnv p,on vr„ 1.1.1. • JutuN 1 yASH . ,, JNEiLD, -rT -i Who ~ has been instrumental !« (, Tnwt™"' T„_. ff.. . e o ^ J Government, 1 • is """"" known as ' , ne ° »n-pydney, " having made - the longest • P olltlcal speech on rscord in Australia. He is also th ~~GOVERNOR LOED TENNYSON does not think his father ever had the slightest intention of emigrating to Australia, although one biographer who knew the late laureate when youna emphatic! v asserts that the young poet was at one time bent U P°™king Australia his home. Query : Which ^ " • h, g her life 8 work-to have a literature in a new country, or to have Deen laureate ot England ? SIR BRYAN O'LOGHLEN is a generous enemy, and in spite of his threatened want of confidence motion would like to make up to Sir George Turner for his retrenchment losses—the difference between £1400 and £2000 a year for five vears More than this, he thinks he should have one per cent commission on his surplus. If this principle were adopted it would encourage fat surpluses, no doubt, but a surplus is not necessarily a good thing. It is a good thing just now, but we can have too much of a good thing, and a persistent grinding and squeezing for surpluses would plav Old Harry with the country. If it were possible to give a Premier a commission on all the money he spent wisely, the people would pay it willingly A talent for than spending well is more valuable in a Treasurer than a talent for saving - witness the parable of the talents. IF Sir Henry Wrixon is right, our women, had they won the suffrage, would have been competent to sit in the Federal Parliament. It follows that the women of South Australia, who have the suffrage, may be elected to the Houses, and Australia may yet have a female Premier, Speaker and leader of the Henry s belief is an argument in favour of a vote for Victorian women. If we are to be ruled by women, let us be ruled by our own. By-theway, when women are made Ministers what will become of the Cabinet secrets ? WAS George Reid deserving of a dissolution ? We think not ; but George thought he was going to get it, and based his hopes of returning to power on a second appeal to the electors. We do not think the round man would be-able to cajole the N.S. W/electors into setting him on ; the-Treasury benches again, /even if he were afforded the opportunity. Greorge the astute was not astute enough to see that his a ™ J enou g h ™ se at 1,3 « ™ c ° n t fcowards . Federation after th e Convention left him' P ract ically without . a party. earnest Federatipmsts rec o g n i s ed that ic coming "over. fc,lem be was merely playing what he considered to be the safest game for No. 1, and, whilst accepting his services, felt that they were not bound to him in any way. The enemies of Federation broke with him for aiding in bringing New South Wales into line, ana and as the fiscal question was not one upon which G. R. couldnow place much reliance he was decidedly in queer street when ^ n e ' s motion of eensure was carried. We may expect to hear at no very distant date of George Reid's appointment to the position of N,S. W. Agent-General EXIT Reid ; Turner is Australian Premier. What a commentary is this on political gratitude. Is the game worth the candle for any man with the ambition of being Premier? Mr. Reid has been forced to confess how he has suffered in pocket. Remaining in office, he appeared certain to get the Blue Riband of the first Australian Premiership, which New South Wales now flings to Sir George Turner. PUNCH lias put ... on the gloves with Reid often enough and likes a man better after fighting with him. He'll come back. VTRENUOBS efforts are being made by the big poppies amongst the Parliamentary officials of the federating colonies to secure the federal billets of clerk, assistant clerk, sergeint-at-arms, &c.; As the first sitting will be held in Mebourne the claims of our own George H Jenkins f! M ft nnli i, 0 L'! be P ressed > bu , fc the contracting Premiers and r eaeral Convention delegates consider that the stentorian voiced R. D. Blackmore, who acted as clerk to the Convention, has first call. For the position of clerk of the House of Representatives, one of the ever-lucky Duffy family, to wit, C. G.. assistant cletk of our Assembly is favourably mentioned, aDd genial G. H. nnwarrl'« plaima tn tl,„ oiC nf u n f thB S -T,' geant • at - arms billet, with right to carry the golden ; bauble," are reckoned incontestable. With the reshuffling ui of the whuobuuio caidssome ui of miu the present neaas heads who are on v/.i the uuv mark „iai.a. of Ui sixty-five B1JLUJ-u VtS will n 111 become UBCOIDfl \- recipients • of handsome pensions and - make - way for younger men. Miss TITHERADGE, the Australian actress, wr;tirm from I rmrlnn fl, 0 rwi OQ ca™ . ' mni J Caatlea boom, s&yB; :— ^InX Vifl, tremendous sensaUon w.th y ou wo ? "r° t! ng eIse 1,6 AusUal,an l' 11 ha S i T " s £ row " rather weansome, SAMUEL "BALLARAT," in his lecture on the abuse of money, reiterated a very venerable chestnut. " If, : ' he said, " a mechanic would but Bav e , the price of a pot of beer, per day he wo u l d have £1000 iu fifty years' time." Three- P en ce halfpenny a day means £266 in fifty years, P osa 'bly the rest comes in interest; but it would re < i uir3 some clever financing to get it, and the mechanic of twenty who thinks that he will have y he i B seven ty by simply putting by a , da y , wl11 g et left l h e \- ^'shop did not s a J what the veteran of seventy was to do Wlth h . is thousand, but of course it would av a 'l a^' e f° r his funeral expenses. The me c h an ' c ' s gl ass of beer maybe as much part of his sus t enance as the glass of wine is to the bishop, and wl l y in tlie name of common sense should he be P este red to forego his little pleasures for the sake of he havi wil1 u be t S ao °certain old to en sum j°-V of anything? money at an age when THE quaintness of the nicknames given by „, , ,, , . „ schoolboys is well known and the Victorian schoolboy is not behindhandL At W College As one of these there are ^^XlSLt lw ti!: has tight na.r Ginger-rail, and his brother, from association of ideas, is christened Lemonade. 