CHEATED. A FIGHT FOB LIFE. , ? CBy Gilbert Lloyd, In "Jun^ere.")' "Does it clankehalns tod groan, »©eaff?" "Or burn blue lights?" "Say, Sir Geoffrey, does it wear chainarmor or a shroud?" "Do they charge'extra for it in the jsates and taxes?" "is it a lady or a man?" "Is sh e good-looking-?" "Does he look pale and sad?" "A real ghost, now! Waal, Sir Geoff, I gueeathis bar-onial hail is just about -«om-plete in its "fixin's!" Sir Geoffrey Ambrose- leaned over the billiard table, smilingly receiving: the storm of chaff that was levelled from all sides upon his devoted head. "Wait a minute," he replied, "and just -give me the ghost of a chance of Trmiringthis shot, and I'll tell you all about the Ghostpf Greylands." ' Click! click! went the balls. "Good shot!" murmured the onlookers. "Game!" cried the noble earl, who was acting as billiard-jnarker. Sir Geoffrey placed his cue very deliberately in the rack, then turned to the group that lounged around the wide fire 3>lace of the billiard-room. "So you want me to tell you about our ghost?" he said, with an indulgent-smile Upon his guests. "Of course," they chorussed, "How dare you keep such a delightful mystery up your sleeve*" cried pretty Mrs Major Mantrap, reproachfully. "Or on your top-floor," added Miss Highflyer. 'Turn down the lights," demanded a t^olce in the background; whereupon the noble eari,who aix>ve «ll thingsdelighfeed in making himself useful, promptly switched off the electric light, leaving the room in darkness, save "where -the "blaze of the firelit the wide circle of expectant faces. Sir Geoffrey settled himself comfortably in a wide arm-chair next to Miss Chatteris. Somehow, by the way, Sir Geoffrey invariably managed to remain in the close neighborhood of that lady. "The Ghost of Greylands," he began, '"neither clanks chains nor groans. I cannot tell you whether it is a man or a. woman, for it has never been seen. 1 "Never been seen!" cried a disappointed chorus of voices. "Never," replied Sir Geoffrey; "in fact," he continued, "there is no ghost at all, unless one may attribute a haunted character to an ill-fated roam." "Which room?" queried a woman's yoice, anxiou&y.; "Is it mine?" cried one. "Or mine?" asked another. "Do not be alarmed, ladies," replied Sir Geoffrey; "no one sleeps there. The Blue Room has been closed for a century, and this is its story:— "A very great uncle of mine, who founded Greylands Abbey about the end of the fourteenth century, was Cardinal ^Ambrose, who made a pilgrimage to Borne for the purpose of conferring with the famous or infamous Rodrigo Borgia, who was then known to the world as JPope Alexander VI. "Tradition tells that the cardinal made himself exceedingly useful to the Pope's con, Caesar Borgia, of whom, I have no <Loubt, you hasre all heard." "Say, Sir Geoffrey, wasn't he some sort, t>t a cousin to the general who annexed these islands about . nineteen hundred years ago?" queried Mr Hogg, of Chicago—a travelled American of an inquiring mind. "I am afraid.I cannot enlighten' you on that point, Mr Hogg," replied Sir Geoffrey, with a smile; "all I know of Caesar Borgia is that he was a gentleman who was famous for his chemical •experiments upon his friends. "Like Sir Charles, here, who's always ^walking round with a tube .of cholera germs, or Yellow Jack, or fits of some sort or another stored away in his waistcoat pockets!" replied Mr Hogg, indicating a famous Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons, who, on his hands and .inees before the fire, was busily em- \- ployed in turning a large baking of icbestztuts. - - - •• _-...- - . "What scandal are you retailing about toe now, Hogg?" laughed Sir Charles Stanton, throwing him a fiery hot chestmut "I was thinking about that nigger you 1 tried to kill down at St Augusta last :fall." "I.did not kill the nigger,.Hogg; and I TSrmly believe that you were the man Trho 4old him that my yellow fever preparations were charms against the Ju-ju, and -so set him on to steal and drink bacilli •enough to kill a nation. Anyhow, didn't J. cure him?" "Yes, by fillinghim up with whisky, Worcestershire sauce, and eau-de-Cologne •till he turned whiter than a white mail's jghost!" retorted Mr Hogg, with his mouth full of chestnuts; "but go on. Sir Geoffrey—I'm afraid our little scientific -discussion is interruptiiig your ghost ®tory." "Not at all," interrupted *Sir Geoffrey, politely. '1 was saying that Cassar Borgia, iwas famous for his chemical experiments upon his friends, and, in return for services rendered him by Cardinal Ambrose, lie imparted to him several of his secret methods of poisoning, togetherwith in structions to use them on, certain persons over here who had made themselves" objectionable or dangerous to the jBorgias. "I regret that any ancestor of mine should have been so shady a character; 2)Ut I must confess that the tradition is fairly corroborated by a number of old parchments in the library, which tell how "4he cardinal, at different periods, .invited ai number of distinguished guests to the . J^bbey, on Saturday to Monday visits -.from which they never returned. ^."They were found dead in bed, in the 3aue Room, doubtless murdered by one of ^Borgia's mysterious poisons, which, ~ •daresay. Sir Charles win tell you any-ana- lyst of .to-day would quickly detect as prosaic overdoses of arsenic or strych- •®ine." "Quite right, Ambrose!" replied Sir Charles. "I'm sure that Borgia was only fly-paper murderer, for all his reputation. Strychnine was beyond him, if my memory serves me right, Wainwright yf&s; the first gentleman to use that vehicle for the transportation of his -Wfcbms to the next world. Have another -chestnut, Hogg? m guarantee them sterilised!" ®a Mr Hogg, cautiously. "You can sterilise your British chestnuts all you like, «mt they're Borgia's death on the Ameri •can dl-gestion. Go ahead, Sir Geof- ±rey." i* "Well, the cardinal died," continued Sir <5eoffr^y. "He died in the Blue Boorej tearfully and mysteriously. His servants «oima him one morning lying on the floor ana stark, a slight toain upon his "A sliding .door in IJie wainscot, She: presence of which was unknown!till then ZmVZl** r * ainters abbey, was «pen. This panel gives entrance to a secret and staircase, which winds^own S ^ ^ v 1 *** ^ttressesonthe .north iae o£ f house, and comes to thesur- ®fi^beneath a that- forms 3»art of the pavement of the .terrace. "The terrace in those days used to overlook a moat, and there is Httle doubt that! the bodies of some of the cardinal's le® ; important victims were carried down the Staircase in the'depth of the night and . Jtaown into the dark waters of the moat/ 1316 Pike SOOD -tt^mf made short worko£- VIn this fact another ghost story of ««ylands Abbey teokbirth. It was said ^L^enany harm «ame to the oecuchaaabe r . mysterious and^ 6 ' V I ^^Ptfrom which Ij 'G S^tfSL thlB formation, and by one «Vthe good' "The leeches were called to examine lEe cardinal's body, but they could find x» trace of Injury beyond a braise on hfahlp, doubtless by feisfall fromtheb^d "Some detective of the'Mlddle Ages also discovered and recorded the' fact that :the mofes aroutad the paving stone at the foot of the hollow buttre^-whl<ih contained the secret staircase was ^disturbed, and'yhat the edge of-one of tile adjoiningE was fcsshly ^chipped and bore signs of icon,' which pointed to the supposition that the stone had been forced up by an iron crowbar, or possibly^ the head of a 'pike. > 4 -Later, on, towards the'end of the sixteenth <^ntury, a rheumatic ancestor of mine caused the moat to be drained and jfillfidsfnl-., , . . ... ... -'. •... ; " The accounts of this work tendered a>y : the local builder are Jn the library, •and one of the items is fOrfiyfteen pence for^ye proper transporte and buryal of fowre skelytones founde in ye bedde of ye "mote; and afterwards interred , in Chrystianne grounde.* I have,a shrewd sus- %>icioBfc! that those four skeletons were those of .the cardinal's victims." "How horrible!" exclaimed Mrs Major Mantrap, with a shudder. "But that^ls not aU the story- The rest of it concerns two ancestors of yours, Chatteris," continued Sir Geoffrey, turning to Captain Chatteris, who, with his beautiful sister, had joined the Greylands party on the previous day. c "Never heard of it," replied that gentleman, cheerfully. "Fact is, the Chatteris records have been scattered to the four winds of heaven since great- great-grand' pa Chatteris gambled away Chatteris Park—house, lands, diamond pin and all •—in one glorious night at Crockford's. "To his false friend and my great-; grandfather," eaid Sir Geoffrey, rather sadly. "Was it so, by Jove!" remarked Chatteris. "Never mind, old man! The property fell into good hands; and thanks to Australia and wool, the Chatteris fortunes have looked up. Perhaps if great-greatgrandpa hadn't gone to rattle the bones that night at 'Crocky's,' Grandpa Chatteris would never have gone abroad to seek and findfortune, and to make a rnan of himself.". • "Nevertheless, my great- grandfather was a false friend, for he ruined John Chatteris, who died a few days after—in the- Blue Room!" replied Sir Geoffrey quietly. "And who was the other ancestor in question?" asked the sweet voice of Maude Chatteris at his side. "You see," she explained, "we know very little of our people. We were both born in Australia, and although Fred was brought up in England, I have lived in" the colonies all my life, and came "home 1 for the first time only two years ago. You know, Sir Geoffrey, we colonials always call the old country 'Home.*" — Sir Geoffrey turned in his chair- %uad looked into the eyes of the beautiful "Australian. His face grew stern and anxious. It seemed to him that his grim gtory of Greylands was to become a confession to the woman he had learned to love—a confession of the sins oftiis flesh and blood against her fathers. History had repeated itself when Sir Geoffrey had fallen in love with his friend's sister. Many a time and oft in olden days had the-two families mingled in friendship, and on two occasions an Ambrose had married a Chatteris. To her family the love and friendship of his 'ancestors had always ended in disaster. Of the vast lands that now formed the Greylands estate, a good half had once belonged to the Chatteris family. The tale pf its acquisition was one long sad story of how a Chatteris had been betrayed and bested by an Ambrose. "Sir Geoffrey knew it : all, for he'was of a studious nature, and the well-kept records of Greylands held no secrets from him. The whole tale of Ambrose misdeeds flashed through his brain as he, looked into line fair face upturned to his, and the Words of his story froze upon his lips. "Never mind that other ancestor, Miss Chatteris!" he said, with a light laugh. "I shall give you the horrors if I keep on chronicling all the misdeeds of my family back to the time of Noah." "Well, r will let you off on one condition," replied Miss Chatteris, with a bright smile. "And what is that?" "That you give me the key of this Bluebeard chamber, and allow us to inspect it ourselves." "A splendid - idea!" cried everyone And Sir Geoffrey, after a feeble protest, went to his desk in the library, hunted out the key of the old Blue Room, and gave it her. . His guests followed Miss Chatteris, a. clamorous, laughing crowd, and left Sir Geoffrey alone by the billiard-room fire. He sat for a while gazing in the fire, pondering his 'unfinished- ghost story. Should he tell her the whole story?- Could' he -tell -her how, in the reign, of Charles 1., Sir Harry Ambrose, the morose old Royalist, had trapped Colonel John Chatteris, of Cromwell's Horse, in' his, fatal Blue Chamber, and how John Chatteris had been found dead in the morning, with that same faint blue mark on his lip mentioned in the old monkish chronicle of the cardinal's death? Could he tell her how the ®ther John . Chatteris, her great-grandfather was found dead in the fatal room one morning with only a tiny blue scar on his lip to bear the suspicion of his death? "It is all nonsense, tradition, a pack of lies invented by a lot of ignorant servants!" .said Geoffrey te himself, as he rose and . paced the billiard-room floor "I daresay some of my people were blackguards! Most families have their skeletons and their black sheep, but I can't see what connection our blackguards had with those ' mysterious deaths. . . "Ten to one -the poor beggars died of heart failure—the one, because he was made a prisoner; the other, because be had lost-all his coin in fashionable speculation. As for the blue mark, thafs all an old woman'i tale, like the Lambtoa worm, or the Cock Lane ghost. Geoffrey Ambrose, you're a fool! You are suffering from nerves, and you'll have to cut down your tobacco allowance by half and give up taking coffee; and yqu have fallen in love, which upsets a m?i| even more than tobacco and cof " Here Sir Geoffrey paused in his selfcommuning. Miss Chatteris was standing at the billiard-room door, regarding him with some amazement. "Do .you often talk to .yourself, Sir Geoffrey?" she asked, laughingly. .••:[ , : "Er—never—sometimes.. That is- not often!" stammered Sir Geoffrey, picked up the habit a bit when I was living alone in chambers in town. You see, when a fellow lives alone, he doesn't have anyone to talk to, does he?" Miss Chatteris sinlted at this quaint appeal. She was beginning to like Sir Geoffrey.. "And how did you like living alcme? she queried, Innocently. * , " "It was horrible^ beastly slow, and ever: «o dreary!" replied"Sir Geoffrey, with al most uncalled-for fervor. -i'i'Pe-wss just beginning to realise what a terrible thing it is ±or a man to Jive alone. . "We have all ' been to see the Blue (Room," continued. Miss Chatteris* silly:' "Poof Mr Hogg insisted on'exploring -the secret staircase, and slipped in the dark and fell down fifteen stairs! He says fifteen hundred, hut he does exaggerate thingB so.'' "That room is always unlucky!" exclaimed Sir . Geoffrey. "One of these* days. when I have saved enough, I Tpfli rebuild that side of the house." "I wouild not do .that," replied Mies Chatteris. "We ail fell quite In love •with the picture of thfe old cardinal. The yeS seem to follow one wherever oiie' jjoes." • ' *TH certainly pull thai patt of the hbuse 'down/' reiterated Sir "Geoffrey. "Surely ^vou are' not superstitious, Sir feoffrey?" aijked his fair guest, a faint rinher blue T you If I might sleep In your haunted chamber to-night," said Miss Chatteris, co&xingly.; „= Sir Geoffrey turned pale. > "loyally, Miss Chatteris " he be- ~ "In fact, I had quite made up my mind ^to do it. Mr Hogg has bet me half a aozen pairs of . gloves that I- won't,';, said , Miss Chatteris with a pout. "Hang Mr Hogg and his gloves!" murmured Sir Geoffrey under his breath. "I wish you would give up the idea," he continued,. aloud. "Then Mr .Hogg will think that l am afraid, and'will return to the States to lecture upon the timidity of English wo •men!" ' • • . "But the bed will be damp," protested Sir Geoffrey. "Mrs Wilson, your housekeeper, ha jwit J&SfiT; meVtbat she airs the sheet every three days," replied the lady stubbornly. . . .'"Hie . room is so draughty," urged "Si Geoffrey." "t . ."'". "I have slept in the open air by a cam^fire~ hundreds of times." "Well, well, I will say no more," said Sir Geoffrey. But his- heart misgave him. (To be concludeid next week.) 