AflATffitWili HI? TOtf JJJLuufllJjJj UD liift ''?? l MABiONlS* *-? . ? ? ♦-T ? r ? - By B. PHILLIPS OPPENHEtM* iCAtathpr of 'Mjteterloiis M*. Saijln.' 'As A Man ? Lives,' etc.). BOOK II. CHAPTER IIL— BETWEEN LIFE AND DEATH. For three days Count Leonardo -U Marioni abode in -his sitting-room at the Hotel Conti nental, ' living the life of a man in a dream. So far as the outside world was concerned, it was a complete case of suspended animation. Of all that passed around Him lie was only ; dimly conscious. The faces of hi9 fellow- ! creatures were strange to him. He had lost touch with the world, and the light of hie rea son was nickering; almost it seemed as though it would go out indeed, and leave him sroDing in the chaos -of insanity. Mechanically he rose late in the morning, ate what was brought to him, or ordered what was suggest ed. All day long he sat in a eort of dream less apathy, living still the life of the last five and twenty years, and finding no change, save that the chair in which he sat was softer, and the fire over which he stretched liis withered palms was a new experience to him. There were things even which he missed in the free dom — if freedom it could be called. He miss ed the warm, dancing sunlight which, day by day, had filled the shabby sitting-room of his confinement. He missed that patch, of deep blue sky seen through his high, barred win dow, and the fragrant scents of the outside world' which, day by day, had floated through it. - fle missed the' kindly greeting of his pitying gaoler, and the simple food— the ma caroni, the black coffee, and the fruit— which had been served to him; and, above all, there was something else which he missed. For through all his apathy he was conscious of a great sickening disappointment, some thing gone out of his life which had helped him, day by day, through all that weary im prisonment. Dear to his heart had grown that hope of standing one day before the mas ters of his Order, and claiming, as his rightful due, vengeance upon those whose word had sent him into captivity. Dear to his memory and treasured amongst his thoughts had grown that hope. In his prison house he had grown narrower; other thoughts and purposes had faded away. That one only remained, growing stronger and stronger day by day, until it had seized hold of his whole being. He lived only through it and with it. Given some soul-absorbing purpose, some cherished end, however dimly seen through the mists of futurity, and a man may pre serve his reason through the longest captivity; while, day by day, his narrowing life eon tracts till all conscience, all liope, all sentK nient, become the slaves of that one passionate desire. Day by day, it looms larger before him; day by ? day. all doubts concerning it grow weaker, and the justice of it becomes clearer and mpre unquestioned. Right and 'wrong, justice and injustice, according to other men's standards, have no power over it in his own thoughts. His moral sense slumbers. So deeply has it become grafted into his life, that he no more questions its right to exist than 'he does the presence of the limbs upon his body. As surely as night follows day, so surely does his whole being gravitate towards the accomplishment of his desire. It is a part ..of what is left of his life, and if it is smitten Lis life is smitten. They are at once sympa thetic and identical, so closely entwined that to sever tnem is deatu to uotn. Thus it was with Count Marioni, and thus . It was that, day by day, he sat in his sitting rooln slowly pining to death. Rude feet had trampled upon the desire of his life, and the wound was open and bleeding. Only a little while longer and he would have turned upon his side with a sigh, and yielded up his last breath; and, so far as his numbed faculties could. have conceived a thought, death would have seemed very pleasant to him. He was dying of loneliness, of disappointment, and despair. The people at the hotel had made several at tempts to rouse him, but in vain. He an swered no questions, and, in his quiet way, re sented intrusion. He paid whatever was de manded, and he gave no trouble. The mana ger, who knew his Mstory from a short cut ting in a newspaper which had chronicled his arrival in London, was at his wits' end to know how to save him. He had once endea vored to reason: gently with his eccentric visi tor, and he had been bidden quietly to leave the room. On his endeavoring to make one more appeal, the Count had risen quietly and pointed to the door. * 'I wish only to be left in peace,' he said, with a touch of dignity in his sad, calm man ner, 'it you cannot do that, I will go away to another hotel. Choose!' The manager had bowed and withdrawn in silence. But. he was a kind-hearted man, and he was still troubled about the matter. Day by day the Count was growing weaker; before long he would doubtless die from sheer distaste of living as much as from any actual disease. Something ought to be done towards communicating with his friends, if he had any. With a certain amount of reluctance, the manager, as a last resource, penned the fol lowing advertisement and sent it to the prin cipal London papers:— 'If there are any friends or relatives still alive of Count Leonardo di Marioni, who has recently been set free by the Italian Govern ment after a long term of imprisonment, they are requested to communicate, personally, if possii^e, with the manager of the Hotel Con tinental, where the Count is now lying dan gerously ill.' CHAPTER IV.— AN EVERLASTING HATE. At four o'clock on the afternoon of the fol lowing day, an open barouche, drawn by a pair of magnificent bay horses, drove up to the door of the Hotel Continental. The manager, who was standing at the window of his private room, noticed two things; first, that there was a coronet upon the carriage door; and, secondly, that the. lady who was alighting carried, in her hand a copy of the 'Mcrning Post' turned down, as though to mark a certain place in it. As she crossed the pavement he had a bet ter view of her face, and recognised her with a little start of surprise. In a moment he was outside and on the steps to receive her, an attention he very rarely bestowed upon his guests. The swing doors opened and closed, and the lady, with the paper still in her hand, turned to the manager. 'Do you know anything about this para graph?' she asked, touching it with her deli cately-gloved forefinger. 'The one, I mean, which. concerns the Count di Marioni?' 'Certainly, your ladyship,' ihe answered. 'I inserted it myself.' 'He is still here, I suppose?' 'He is, your ladyship. I do not know wliether you will consider that I acted wisely in taking such a step, but I could see no alter native. He arrived here alone about a fort night ago, and at that time there seemed to be nothing singular about hiin excepting his clothing, and a certain nervousness which the servante marked ua. his. manner, and. which we can scarcely wonder at, considering his painful history and recent return to— er-^-clvi- lised ways. He left the hotel almost imme diately after, engaging his. room, and was away,. I believe, for several hours. I chanced to.be in the ball on his return^ and was struck by the change in His appearance. Tour lady ship, I never saw a man on whose face was written such dumb and helpless agony. He went straight to his room, and since then has never left it He is simply pining to death there. He neither eats, nor drinks, nor fipeaks. He sits there, Wttb. Us eyfes fixed upon the fire, like a man waiting for his end. I ventured to visit liiua one looming, but my attempts at remonstrance weVe cut short ar once in a most Signified fashion. I feel that it would be heartless to ask Mm to leave the hotel; but, at the same tiMe, if he remains, and continues in the same 'fciy, lie wifl cer tainly either die or go mad very shortly. What he wants is the personal care of friends, and very kind treatment; arid as I could think of no other way of communication with them, I decided to advertise his presence here. I trust that your ladyship does not think my in terference officious?' He bowed ibis head, and turned away out of respect for the tears which he could see In her eyes, and which she made scarcely an effort to conceal. 'No; you did quite right,' she said, after. a moment's pause. 'T was waiting for my husband outside the club, and quite by chance I took up the 'Post' and saw your paragraph. I drove here at once. Will you show. me to the Count's rooms, if you please?' 'Certainly, your ladyship. Will you come this way?' She followed him up the fine marble stair case and down the first-floor corridor. At the. extreme end he paused outside a door. . ' ''It is of no use knocking,' he said, 'he never answers. If I can be of any further service, your ladyship will perhaps be so good as to ring the bell.' He opened the door for her, and closed it quietly as she entered. Then he retreated along the corridor, and returned to his room* wondering not a little at the visitor whom his advertisement had brought. The great room in which the Ccunt Marioni was sitting was almost in darkness, for the afternoon was dull and foggy, and the curtains were partially closed. There was no lamp lit, and the only light came from the brightly burning fire near which the Count was sitting in an armchair ludierouslv too large for his frail body. The flames fell upon his white, worn face, with its deep branding lines, and gleamed in his great, sad eyes, so bright and dry that they seemed like mirrors for the fire light His hair and short unkempt beard were white as snow, matching even the un natural pallor of his skin, and his black frock ccat was buttoned across a chest which would have been narrow for a consumptive boy. He did, indeed, look on the threshold of death. He had not turned his head at the opening or closing of the door, but presently another sound broke the silence. It was a woman's sob, and as he slowly turned his head, a tail, graceful figure moved forward out of the sha dows, and he heard his name softly mur mured. 'Leonardo!' His hand went up to his forehead. Was it a dreani; or was he indeed back once mere in the days of his youth, back amongst the pine woods which topped his castle, walking side by side with her whose presence seemed to make the long summer days one sweet dream of delight? The familiar odor cf, violets and wild hyacinths seemed to fill the room. The fog-bound city, with its ceaseless roar, existed for him no longer. The sun of his own dear country warmed his heart and the sea wind blew in his eager face. And she was there — his queen— the great desire cf his weary life. All his pulses leaped with the joy of her pre sence. Five and twenty years of lonely misery were blotted our. Ah! memory is a wonderful magician! 'Leonardo! Will you not speak to me?' Again that voice! Where was he now? Face to face with her on the sands at Paler mo, deceived, betrayed, given over to the ene mies of his country, and bv her — the woman for whom M9 passionate love had been his sole crime. Listen! The air is full of that cry of threatened vengeance. Hark how the echoes ring back from the cliffs. 'By the sun, and the sky, and the sea, and the earth, I swear that, as they continue unchanged and unchanging, so shall my hate for you re main!' Darkness— a prison cell. Year by year, darkness, solitude, misery! See the black hair turn grey, the strength of manhood wast ing away, the eye growing dim, the body weak. Year by year, year by year, it goes on. What was that scratched upon the whitewash ed walls? What was the cry which rang back from the towering cliff? 'Hate, un changing and unchanged!' The same — ever the same. 'Leonardo, have you no word for me?' He rose slowly from his chair, and fixed his eyes upon her. Before their fire she shrank back, appalled. Was it a storm about to burst upon her? No-! The words were slow and few. 'You have dared to come — here; dared to come and look upon your handiwork! Away! Out or my sight! You have seen me. Go!' Tears blinded her eyes. The sight of him was horrible to her. She forgot, in her great pity, that justice had been upon her side. She sank upon her knees before him on the velvet pile carpet 'Leonardo, for the love of God, forgive me!' she sobbed. 'Oh! it is painful to see you thus, and to know the burden of bate which you carry in your heart. Forgive me! Forgive us both!' He stooped own until his ghastly face near ly touched hers. 'Curse you!' he muttered- hoarsely. 'You dare to look at me, and ask for forgiveness. Never! never! Every morning and night I curse you. I curse you when my mother mught me to pray. I live for nothing else. If I had the strength, I would strangle you where you stand. Hell's curses and mine ring in your ears and sit in your heart day by day and night by night! Away with you! Away, away!' She 'was a brave woman, but she fled from the room like a hunted animal, and passed out of the hotel with never a lcok to the right or to the left. The manager came out to speak to her, but he stocd still, aghast, and let her go without uttering a word or offering to assist her. As long as he lived he remembered the look on th«i OounJess of St. Maurice's face as she cauie down tlose stairs, clutching hold of the banis ters, and, with hasty, trembling steps, left the hotel. He was a great reader of fietion» and he had heard of Irish banshees and Brahmin ghosts; but, never a living story-teller had painted such a face as. he looked upon, at that moment. '.'. (To be continued.) 