GIANTS, GREAT AND SMALL. (By Rev. Joseph Parker, D.D.) "The children of the giant, the brother of Go liath, the Gittite, a man of great stature, a mon ster in magnitude, he defied Israel and he was slain."—I. Chron. xx., 21-26. A curious reading this is, the giant, the son of the giant, the children of the giant, the man of great stature. 2fo douht con sidered very terrible in war in the olden times;- things change in their relations and magnitudes and importance. This is rough reading, but it is .nothing to the tale we can tell. This was poor, rude fighting, more stonethrowing and body- thrusting compared with the war in which we are engaged. It was a trifling strife. They were giants in those days, 'they are giants in our days. There is nothing in all his tory so great as the history of the present, there is no moment of time so pregnant with the meaning of eternity as the mo ment of our present breathing, but rela tions change: they", vary in insignificance as they vary in perspective. There is no Old Testament in the sense of absolute tes tament if we search into the meaning and purpose of things. The old Aaronic ritual is still going on, not in its mechanics, not in that wondrous apparatus of which wc read whilst the church was in the wilder ness. But as to culture, diligence, daiiy sacrifice, eternal burning of the incense of a pure love—these things go on, and will go on, till the golden gates he opened, and the reason of the vision, and the training, the discipline, and the pain is made clear. You tremble when you read the names of these giants. There is no need to tremble. A deadlier giant is aiming at your heart to-day. The externals have changed as to apparatus, and nomenclature, and environ ment. and all that sort of vanishing vapor, | but the fight goes on—the tremendous rush of arms. The Philistines and Israelites meet face to face, and there can be 110 peace. They represent different words, different ideas, atmospheres, purposes; they never can compromise. June cannot compromise with December. The blos som and full floiwer of the early summer, and the summer grown to its zenith 'height and glory, these cannot compromise with ice and snow and t'hilling pitiless winter. What giants have voii been fighting? You have got through the first crude lot. How do you know it? It was a mere mob of blackguards. The hostility itself was vul gar, coarse, contemptible. The mischief is lest, thinking that we have got through that mob of seoundrelism and villainy visible and palpable, that therefore the fighting is done. Fighting never ends nn'til the body is in the grave of is laid out for the last journey. You have killed the jp'ani of falsehood. You would not for the world be thought to he liar. Long ago you killed the giant Untruth, the black-faced giant Lies; but it does not therefore follow that you are now a true man, that you have escaned the life and the shame of another false hood. It. may be subtler, deadlier. Take care! You have overthrown the giant Dishonesty. There is no thief in your familv. Take care! Ah, take care! "Thou shalt not steal.*' I have kept that commandant from my youth up in the King's name. I stop thee and hid thee be less fluent. What is stealing? What is a thief? In the old time a robber despised a thief. A great distinction is drawn now in the Testament between thieves and rob bers. Thieves were little, mean, contemp tible apers of gigantic majestic robbery. The old-time robber would not speak to the thief. The thieves steal pocket-hand kercliiefs and trinkets, and small coins of the realm. A robber seizes provinces, king doms, emnires. He was not a handkerchief stealer, He never made himself an object of special interest in what we should call the police court. He was a thief on a gi gantic scale. A man who takes one life is hanged: the man who slays five hundred in war has the thanks of Parliament voted to him. You have overcome with a shudder of shame the giant of Sensuality. That rough giant is dead. You are not victims of debauchery; you attend lectures on purity; you do many curious things. Is there, then, no fighting to be done now? Do we sa.y that there were giants in the old times; giants of the body and giants of wickedness? Let ns make no mistake about the true meaning of old giants and archaic woes. There is another set of giants to be encountered to-dav. THE GIANT OF UNBELIEF. What about the giant of Unbelief? You have worked down your mind, it may be, to a tottering, old, drunken man. He does not know in the morning whether it is evening, or in the evening whether it is morning, and he is not sure how be stands in relation to old dogmas and ways of looking at things. He is being beaten down and paralysed, pounded, and pulverised by a most mysterious power which the magistrate can take no account of; Unbelief! That is an invented word, that is an enemy amongst words. It ought to be called upon to account for itself in being in our language. The brand of bas tardy is on its face. It is a word of shame. But we are rather proud of fighting with the giant Unbelief, and showing thus how extremely intellectual we are, that we have even known the very existence of the word unbelief may show, what marvellous giants of mind we are. You have overcome all these giants. C PRIDE AND .COVETOUSNESS. As for murder, you could not dream of it. There is something worse in your family; there is something worse in your heart. There is more said in the Bible against pride than against murder, and you are proud to be proud if you say I am a proud woman. What? Go in God's grace and convert the woman. See how the Bible grows up. into spirituality. There is one commandment which says, "Thou shalt not kill." To that we instantaneously absent and consent. "Certainly not," we say. Kill? Who would kill? Is thy servant a dog that lie should do this thing? Take care! Men do not stop with the seventh or eighth commandment. Would to God you could write the words without blushing. Go on to the ninth. "Thou shalt not covet." There soul tackles spirit; there the Holy Ghost looks face to face to the human soul; there the vul garity of crime is lost sight of, and the spirituality of sin is reckoned. Hot until then can we distinguish between crime and sin, nor can we make any real progress in God's standing. INGRATITUDE. Have you fought down and conquered the giant of Ingratitude? Who thinks about the spiritual sins? Who is not horrified by crime and draws his garments around him in attestation of the shock to his re finement? There may be more sin in in gratitude than in some murders. A mur der may have been done in hot blood; in haste, to be repented of evermore through ages eternal; to be regretted and deplored, as a lasting bruise of the soul. Ingratitude is slow, mean, deliberate, calculating, cruel. Ingratitude may proceed by system; it means the most horrible of all neglect; it means the debt that swallows up the soul in some black pool. The giant of In gratitude takes a great deal of fighting. Let me pierce myself morning by morning at such ingratitude as that. Have you been thankful; do you kiss the hand to which you owe so many benefits; do you seek to serve the cause of Him who redeemed you, and to whom you owe every hair of your head and every breath of your body? Have you forgotten God? I thought the day of war was over. Ho! Not so long as there is one devil to be resisted, one evil desire to be quenched, one foui tempta tion to be repelled. HEROISM IN LITTLE THINGS. Have you overthrown the giant oi your own Ambition, that sordid, calculating am bition, that always -wishes to shoulder out some other man and get the foremost place in the race of life?—that ambition which is the lie of appearance, which is the false hood of fashions, which steals the livery that it may steal its substance. The wars and fights of drum and . trumpet blare are now rending atmospheres. Hie danger does not lie always along what may be called the line of giants. There are more difficult forces to contend with than the visible and measurably gigantic. There is not a giant to fight everyone of us, hut here is a foe that every soul must know and confront |and dethrone, or wham it must overthrow. You could shoot an evil beast, but an army could not overtake the Colorado bee tle. There would be plenty of men who, at other people's expense, Would go to dis tant countries to shoot big game. Poor fools! If they would pay their own way | bill I would think a little less harshly of them. So many people are prepared for giants who are not prepared for beetles, and bacilli, and germs that infest the air. Many persons would do heroic things who are only called upon to do little simple daily domestic things. There is many a young man in the city who would declare at a certain period of the process of dining that he would go through fire and water for his father and mother. The poor old folks do not want the foolish boy to go through fire and water; they would like him to drink less, and to smoke less, and to come home a little earlier at night. And yet he, beered and wined into a State of degradation, wants' to go through fire and water, both of which must he profoundly ashamed of him. Any persons are willing to do very heroic deeds. One friend has been very glad to build an orphanage that would accommodate a thousand orphans. Stop! Begin with the one orphan that is at your door; that' is your present scale of heroism. Don't try to exaggerate it. If you would not keep the one little orphan I dare not trust you with the 999 other- or phans. If a man cannot keep one day in seven to the Lord, I have little hope that if a man cannot consecrate one day in seven to the Lord, I have loittle hope that he will consecrate the whole seven. If a man will not give one-tenth of his income to the altar, I shall have no faith in his loud heroics when he declares that "all mine belongs to God." I bid you beware | that there are many assailants and ene mies who are not giants by name, but are giants in influence, in obstinacy of pur pose, in a cruel determination to ruin your soul. Have you calculated the force .of little things? Read me the plagues of Egypt. Lions, tigers, elephants—is that how the story runs? Not a word. But what are the plagues? Anything bigger than a frog? Lice, flies, little things—these excited the alarms of Egypt and brought Egypt to her knees. You and I are not called upon to fight a giant of Gath or his son or the monster referred to in the text, but we are called upon to fight many in sects, baeilli, germs of poison—things that require a microscope to discover, so minute as to be to the naked eye actually invisible, and yet on the top of your finger you might have as, many of them as would people any city in the world as to mere numbers. To that fight we are call ed— the fight of spirits with spirits, soul with influence. illCKOSCOPICAL DEVILS. Do you suppose an eagle fears any foes? Think of those pinions of steel, those eyes of fire, that beak of brass. Yet the eagle is maddened to death by the kummint bird, not bigger than the joint of a finger. The jumming bird, according to the natu ralist, fastens itself on the neck of the eagle, where no pinion can strike it, no beak can get at it, no strength can ap proach it. There the little tormentor sits and works the ruin of the eagle. Oh, man! great, grand man; swift and beau tiful with the beauty of God in many re spects, you are not being ruined by giants; not by great eruptions of alien armies, but by some little, miserable, contemptible sin, habit, meanness, fault, Y'ou .uok well, but you are being eaten up by the insect Temptation—the little mean temptation for which there are no words. So grand a man as you tormented to death by some microscopical devil! It may be some love of fashion, some occasional but hateful desire; some habit that gradually obtains and secures the mas tery of the soul. You can see a great man overthrown by an insect habit. Oh, the pity of it; oh, the sorrow! We have been often told of the insect in certain countries that eats away all the wood work of the door and leaves nothing but a coat of paint, so that on going to the door to open it it falls to pieces on the slightest pressure. That is translated into the life of to-day and into the life of every day. The paint is right, the externalism is beyond criticism; all seems to be well, but take care! for the white ant has eaten up all the interior, and nothing is left but some flake of paint. You have read of the wonderful man, Livingstone; he tells of the tsetse fly. It is a winged insect.^ There is the noble ox, a symbol of things strong and noble. Livingstone says that the tsetse fly will alight on that ox, puncture the shining skin of the unsuspecting and undefended beast, and to- morrow and the next day, and the next day. A week hence, and that ndble quadruped will have sunk upon the ground, a mass of putrid flesh. These are the giants we have to fear. They cannot be morally defined and understood. We are not called upon to fight fire and water, and great hordes and rabbles of enemies and shocking vulgarities and incarnations, but we are called upon to fight the tstse fly, the stinging insect that punctures the character; little by little the poison pene trates the whole tissue, and out goes the life; and he who might have been a prince in the house of God is there a foul car case on the roadside that no dog would attempt to devour. How are the mighty fallen! How is the eye become dim! We must not be afraid of singularity. We must not be afraid of being just what we are. The love of appearances is the insect that is earing up some people. The fear of eccentricity is leading others in an evil but a fashionable way. I am speaking not of those who can honestly contravene this statement, but of the great bulk of the people who really have no sincere, enthu siastic convictions regarding Christ, His cross. His estimate of sin, His standard of judgment, and His hold of destiny. We cannot much longer live in this poor way. The Church is being honeycombed, the sanctuary is being deserted: the Bible is not being cut in pieces with a penknife, as in the olden time of Jeremiah, but it is being neglected, laid aside that something else may take its place; it is being should ered and forgotten; and if we do not bring it back to its right place the atheist will not, the carnalist will not, the selfish man will not. The Book appeals to us. If we are not true to the Book, we cannot be true to the books that belong to it. 