The Political Crisis. Resignation of tbe Govern ment. Mr. Dawson Sent For. Interest in the political situation (says Monday's Courier) -shows no abatement. The subject was discussed everywhere on Saturday, and, -although there could be little doubt as to the action of the Dickson Ministry, there was considerable specu lation aa to what position Mr. Forrest would.take up, tap up to the present he. has been singularly quiets. The situation has become complex, too, from the introduction of certain of the retiring Ministers' names .into the discussion. In well-informed circles, however, the opinion, is expressed that whatever happens, Mr. Dawaon is prepared to accept the responsibility with which' he finds himself face to face. The Ministry held their last Cabinet meeting on Sat urday morning, when certain departmen tal matters were arranged. A wire having been received from the Hon. J. Murray that the Bundaberg Bridge has been officially opened, the Ministry proceeded to Government House, where the Execu tive meeting was held, aqd about noon their resighations were tendered. It was about 1 o'clock before'the interview terminated. -'"When the-Premier returned' to the Treasury Buildings he stated that as a result of the interview the Lieuten ant-Gk»Temor had received the resignation of the Ministry, t,n5"^rould send for Mr. Dawson. •" * • Mr. Dawson attended at Government House at 3.30, and on being informed of the position aajted, it is understood, to be granted time'.until Monday to. consider it. This was acceded to. {by telegraph.] Brisbane, November 27. Mr. Dawson attended at Government House again this morning, when he aBked for a farther extension of time till noon to-morrow to form a Ministiy. This was granted. Mr. Macdonald-Paterson, member fifr Brisbane North, who has been away, returns to-morrow. Brisbane, November 28. An arrangement is reported to have been come to between the liabor party and the Bemnant party regarding the formation of a new Ministry. Later. The House of Assembly met at the usual hour this afteruoQn, when Hon. 'J.. R. Dickson announced iliat after the vote of Wednesday-on the Rail way StandingjCommittea Bill the Govern ment had de6ided to resign. He had, therefore, waited cm the Lieutenant' Governor and recommended that Mr. Dawson, as leader of the largest party in Opposition, be scut for. Ministers had only thought it due to themselvesand fair to the country that they -should resign. In compliance with the Lieuten ant-Governor's , deairejhey now retained office only until their successors were appointed. Mr. Dawson in addressing the House, said on the invitation of his Excellency the Lieutenant Governor he had con sented to form £ Ministry. It would take time to make the necessary arrangements, and therefore he would ask. Mr. Dickson to move, the adjournment of the House until Friday,- when he hoped to be able to announce the names of Ministers.. ■, . ThefcHous* immediately adjourned till Fridays M. Milleeand, the Socialist member of the preaent French Cabinet, made on Sunday a striking speech at Limoges. He .declared that the present Ministry had been formed to defend the Republic frini the attacks of 4'.a hybrid coalition," which, despairing of winning dVer the electors, now proposes to resort to force. They pretend to want a plebiscitary Republic, knowing that that ends' either in Napolertn I. of Napoleon III.,—that' is, in the- aojdier or the man of craft. " France'tio more" wants the masked Etapire:than the overt Monarchy,", and rejectsrwith disgust the everlasting enemy " whom we have found behind all anti Republican conspiracies, known as ClOriqaliBin," He "inveighed bitterly against the '" Cursed Press of blackmail. ^nthgftTTGiBy" jWhi eh hatufar its^emhhpu measures will>"fee - brougtff'^^rward'-sto'' control _; ihfe'*!Press, and " to ' render amenable to the law the unrelenting factions which conceal under the mask of religion political enterprises." It is rumored that these latter wordB cover an intention to expel the Jesuits, who are even now only tolerated by the forbear ance of the Executive. That the Church is bitterly hostile to the Republic seems certain, but the Republicans will but repeat an old mistake if they recommence once more the policy of persecution. You cannot fight a ghost with a bludgeon, as Prince Bismarck found, and the way to defeat Jesuits is to disbelieve in them. Expelling them is a mere waste of strength, for they always return under another name, and are as -formidable in exile as at home. They were strong in Rome if anywhere, yet Rome rose against the Papacy. A very large number of boring plants are at work in the Hugheuden district, and some lar,ge.ilow8 of .water have been struck. The most recent, and one of the largest, is on the Albion Dowus, where water waB struck at a debt of 3033ft., and is flowing 40in. over the Gin casing. 