WITHOUT A HOME. fir Mes. Baeb. 1 ? ? ? T— CHAPTER XIV. SEVERING TIBS. 'Beally, Ada, this is very unex pected. What has brought about . this decision ? To tell the truth, I do not understand why you should leave a borne where you are scaitjely ' treated as a servant' ' I am fully sensible of your ex ceeding kindness, dear lady,' replied the girl, in a rich, melodious voice ; 'but I cannot stay. There are reasons for this that you cannot , understand were I to explain them. which is simply impossible. I know you have spoiled me— that, go where I will, I shall not find another home like this ; but I must go.'' ' Miss Meredith made some en ?- quiries about you this morning, and eeemed to think that she had seen .you before, but was baffled, wneo she heard your name. Did you ever see her before 1' ? ' Once,' replied Amy, truthfully. ' Perhaps she would like to see * you.' She said she would call in the morning without company. ** Amy threw up her head a little proudly. ' Miss Meredith can have no particular business with me. I should like to leave this evening, if you'll let me ge.' ' Certainly you can go, if you are bent on so doing,' replied the lady, taking out her purse and paying the girl her wages. 'You have teen faithful, and the extra money is a reward for your kindness to Rena.' - Amy turned away, unable to speak, and went to the library, ?where she bade good-bye to her favourites, with streaming eyes. 'My, my] What does this mean? What are you crying for, Ada?' asked Herman Singleton, as be came suddenly into the room. ' Because I am so miserable.' she replied, faintly. ' Everything seems to go wrong.' 'What has gone wrong?' he asked, kindly. ' Has Rena got one of her tantrums again ?' * ' No,' she replied. '. Mi1. Single ton, I am going to leave, aud I do love these books so much . It seems like parting from old friends to leave them.' ' Why are you going to leave us ?' he enquired, gravely.' 'Because I must. I can't telL you why ?' ' I thought you had no friends, Ada ; wl-at are you going to do in ? this large city without a protector ?' ' What hundreds of others do,' .she replied. ' Fight my way, con 'test the road, and if I fail it will not be because I lack courage. ' What do you think I have been doiug these two years ? I suppose you'll laugh at me, but I have been pre paring myself to teach.' If a thunderbolt had fallen at his feet Singleton would scarcely have been more astonished, and his sur prise did not escape her notice. 'I suppose you think me pre sumptuous,''' she continued, hur riedly, ' but I was born of parents i who instilled into my mind a love of knowledge; parents who little thought their only child would have to battle with the world as I have had to do. When I came bere and found these books, and learned that I could have access to them, I determined to improve the oppor tunity, and I have no cause to re proach myself, for I have gathered many a sheaf in these two years, aud stored them for the future.' The slight figure of the girl was erect now. The large brown eyes — her peculiar charm r-wer« glori ously bright with the enthusiasm of her subject, and looking up into his face as she finished, she abruptly | asked: ' You think me xjuixotics j and taf Ideas visionary, don't you?' ! ' I think you are on the verge of a grand' womanhood,' he replied.' Sire raised her eyebrows, aud her forehead knotted into a heavy frown : 'I asked you for an honest opinion,' ehe said, reproachfully. 'Shall f telT#QJi what I thlqk ? Then I will. Your perseverance is simply sublime ; your industry puts to shame oMur persons than your self , and the manner with which you have worked, unaided and alone, is truly remarkable. I have watched you the past years, ever siuce you asked my sister for the use of the library, and I have seen how you sometimes made mistakes in ih? 'selections of your volumes, but, in the main, you displaced ex ceAJBnt taste. I believe you will succeed, and you have my best wishes for the final attainment of . your goal.' '' ? . .»- He turned to go, but came back. ' Ada, if I can1 help you, I will do so. Money I have in abundance.' ?? Uiantc you ; ?ug j. must worn. my own way. . If I reach the -desired goal, it : will be through' my own exertions ' ' 'Think well. Money is a. power- ful auxiliary.'^ . ' One that I don't possess/ -Your words of praise are the first that I have received from any source, and they are very. welcome; -but I do not desire help ' from any one without rendering an equivalent-^ that I could not do inthis case.'' ' You are independent !' said the gentleman, a little sharply. The blood mounted in a brilliant glow to her face. 'The lessons of life, learned in the school of adver sity, are not likely to teaoh us de pendence on those about us,' sh« replied. ' You talk bitterly for a girl of your age,' he remarked. 'Ada, what is the cause of it t Has life held no happiness, no joy, no plea sure for you all these years that you have lived V ' 'Yes,1' she continued, 'until I was twelve years old my life was one continued flush of happiness, with only one dark cloud, the death fn tnv mnf.npr t.hmiiYii T nroa nlmna^ too young to realize my loss then. | My father died when I was in my fourteenth year, and since then my life has been one continued struggle with poverty.' ' It is very strange that you have no friends, no relatives.' ' I have relatives, but they are i insensible to my welfare. It makes , no difference to them whether I i sink or swim. I don't know why I should be telling you all thesse things,' she added. ' Because I asked you,' he re plied. 'Your confidence shall be respected.' ' You have been very thoughtful and kind 'to me since 1 have been an inmate of this house. Allow me to thank you for your many little acts of courtesy.' 'I should be better pleased if you would let me assist you.' 'You can do so by giving me directions where to find a respect able and cheap boarding-house ?' Herman Singleton stroked his moustache in . perplexity. Cheap boarding-houses were not much in his line, but, thinking for some mo ment!), it occurred to him that he bad accidentally heard of a small house in a quiet, respectable street, where one could get cheap board. A friend of his, a college associate, who had more brains than money, lived there, and taking out a card that had been given to him, be told Amy of it, and gave her the address. ' Remember,' he said, ' that the offer of assistance is open to you a year hence as well as to-day.' ' Oh,1' she cried, breaking down, 'your kindness makes it harder to go. I came here as a servant, and have received nothing but good treatment ; and it is hard to leave so much beauty, brightness, and re finement, everything that the most aesthetic nature could desire, for a small room in a boarding-house.' ' Then why go ?' ' Because I must. Good-bye.' \- She held out her hand, shook his heartily, and vanished quickly out of the room. CHAPTER XV. ▲ SURPRISE. The last article of clothing had been put away, the last good-bye was said, and Rena 'was put in iiv bed carefully, before Amy arose to go. The parting was bitter, far more so than Amy had supposed it would be at first Her face was the last that Amy looked on in the house, for after she had said fare well to every one she stole up to the nursery again, as if loth to leave her charge, and took a last long look. With a heart almost bursting she went quickly down the stairs, out of the front door, and entered a street car, which finally set her down at the boarding-house. She rang the bell, and was admitted to the parlour by a prim little maid, Lwho said the mistress.would be down sqpri, turning up the gas as she spoke. Amy looked around her, at the homely but clean carpet, and at the walls with their pictures. She started up with an exclama tion of surprise. 'Surely this is the picture that used to bang over the mantel in Mrs. Wollerton's room ! Yes, it is the same ; I know it is I' ' Do you wish to see me ?'* asked a voice ; and Amy turned from the summer landscape to meet the en quiring glanbe of the landlady. Taking a step forward, the girl raised one hand, and^in a voice scarcely above a whisper, asked : ' Is it possible that one whom I have believed to be dead for two long years is alive ?' The landlady drew herself up haughtily. ' I am not a ghost that I know of. Will you come to busi ness, if you please, misa ?' Amy sprang forward, with a glad light in her eyes. 'Don't you re cognise me, -Auut Louise? Have you forgotten your little pet, Amy Jones? .Ab, you know me now,' she replied, as a look of recognition passed over the old lady's face, and she opened her arms to receive her darlibg. ? . ?-? ' Thank the Lord that He has let me live to see this«ight I Oh, Amy, how glaol I am to look od your face Again I Poor child I how I have longed to .Dave you with me after I beard that your papa had died ]' And Amy did not doubt the sin cerity of her words when she felt the pressure of her arms, the kisses on her cheeks, and saw the glad' tears rolling over her lace. ' Come, sitdown, my dear, and let me look at you. Why, bless my soul ! you are a young lady, and I had expected to see you a little girl still. Well, old folks think that the young must stand still, but they go on growing all the same. u Now, tell me all about yourself.' Amy gave her entire history, omitting nothing that had happened since her father died, and Mrs. Wol lerton' laughed and cried by turns, as her favourite told how she had battled so successfully with an ad verse fate, ending by saying that the one motive of her life was to fit herself for teaching. ' I shall never make myself known to the MeredithB, nor do I wish, them to know of me ; so, auntie, I think I shall keep my new name, Ada Gascon. I have come to live with you now, if you can find a nook in your dear heart and home for me.' ' Of course I'll find one for you, and you shall go to school just as much as you want to. Don't shake your head,' for I have some .money, and nobody in the world to spend it on but yourself. Just to think of the trumped up lie of that rascally man who tried to get you into his power. Bless your heart, child, I have lived at the old place ever since, till last year, and I never sat an eye on him. Just to think that you have been living here two years in drudgery, and I didn't know it' ' Not drudgery, aunt. My life at Mrs. Garman's was rather pleasant1' 'Oh, yes, I dare say, nursing a spoiled child was rather pleasant.' ' I would rather do that than be dependent jon any one,' was the quick reply. 'Just like your father. He was too proud to ask anything of his father-in-law, so his business went to the dogs. Don't you be too in dependent to do as I say.' ' I don't want to be a burden to you,' replied Amy. 'Who says you'll be a burden? When 1 get tired of you I'll tell you. I'll send for your trunk to morrow.' ' But, auntie, if you are really so well off, why do you keep boarders 1' asked the girl, with a quizzical look on her face, for she thought she inn tna oi^iraH^jiVrn ' Because I wanted something to do,' was the quick reply. ' You don't doubt my word, do you ?' j ' No, no ; but I thought you said so to make me feel at ease. I would rather accept aid from you thau any one.' ' You are coming to your senses,' said Mrs. Wollci ton. ' It is a kind ness you are doing me, child, for I am lonely, and oftimes sad because I have no young face about me to make sunshine and music. Come with me, and I'll show you to your room,' She led the girl up to a large, airy bedroom, neatly furnished ; and when Amy was told that was to be hers, she caught her friend about the neck, and kissed her again and again. ' Go to sleep, my dear,' said the old lady, gently, ' so you may have fresh cheeks in the morning. Good night,' and Mrs. Wollerton retired, leaving Amy to herself. A smile, half triumphant, half sarcastic played about the young girl's lips. ' The road to knowledge lies open before me,' Amy murmured, ' arid if I do not garland my brows with the chaplet of knowledge, it is my fault. Dear aunt, how she took me in her arms, and kissed me so many times, and held me so tight that I could not breathe. The same kind heart, the same genial manner of old. Help from her does not gall and chafe like it would from the others.' But Mrs. Wollerton did not tell her of the many anxious visits that Oscar Meredith had made to her ; how he had tried every means in his power to find his niece. With a rare tact she aaw at a glance that Amy was deeply prejudiced, and the fact that she had thrown aside her right name, only served to confirm her opinion ; so she wisely kept her own^counsel, and determined to use a little strategy. To describe the feeling of quiet content 'that stole over the lonely orphan girl, as she laid her head on the pillow that night, would be im possible; there was something heavenly in it ; no. child to soothe in its broken slumbers, no bells to answer, no commands to obey ; for the first time in years she could clo.e her eyes with the knowledge that she was mistress of her own movements, go to sleep when she was tired, and awake when she willed. . (TO BE CONTINUED ) 