OUR LONDON LETTER From Our Own Correspondent.! London, June 9. The Church Part and the Southpobt Election. Tho ultra churoh party and the large section of Tories who think with them, have been at enormous pains to explain away, if not to actually misroDrcsont. tno meamntr of tho recent election at Southport. They aro still harping on tho same chord. Better by fur in their own interests that thoy let the mutter drop altogether, if they uro determined not to admit the truth. Their present per- vcrsencss ouly betrays how acutely thoy are emurtiiig under tlicir castigatiom One could understand tlicir trying to tninimiao tho Liberal victory, but to insist on roisoonBtruing its import, and on attributing it ontirely to local considerations, is to presume ou the intelligence of- tho electors to an insulting extent. The significance of the poll, however, is too plain for tuo church or any othor party to bstmbooxlo tho constituencies about it. If over a contest was fought out on public principles, this ono at Southport was. From the first day tho campaign was opened it was made evident that tho church question would be enc of its most prominent features. For my own part, I beliovo it was tho main and determining faotor in tho contest. In spito of repeated warning and expostulation the bishops, both lay and clerical— for there aro iu this crisis bishops of both kinds, Lord Halifax and Viscount Ornnbomo being the two lay archbishops ! — have obstinately re fused to beliovo that the country has taken tho mutter so seriously against them, as has bccu represented. The result of this election was a rough awakener for thorn, yet it is very doubtful whether they will profit by it. Consequences op Episcopal Inaction. The great body of tho laity know well enough thut tho crisis ImR come, and can no longer he evaded. They know thut the com paratively mild ritualist movement has now developed, under suspicious auspices, into a system of sacerdotalism us aggressive and as presumptuous us that of Homo itself, und that tlio country is resolved to lmvd none of it any longer in the nutionul church. Hence they huvc earnestly appealed again and again to tho bishops to act promptly in defence of tho Protestant forms and principles of tho churoh, but in vain. Consequently the evil has got beyond their lordships' control. Even while the archbishops und bishops profess to bo engaged in combating it, Lord Halifax again publicly declares— as ho did last week on die day before the poll at Southport— that, come what may, he and those who ure acting with hint will refuso to acknowledge or obey any temporal authority over or in tho churclfl In presence of this startling fact the moral of tho Southport election is unmistakable — that tho people at largo arc resolved to maintain tho principles of the Reformation, alike as to doctrine aud the .supremacy of the Crown and Parliament ; that they have lost confidonco in the .ability of tlio bishops to effectively copo with the tlisorder in the church : und that tho time has come to invoke the authority of tho House of Commons. The bishops have only themselves to thnnlc for this painful state of things, and it is evident that the nation lias verynttle .sympathy with them in their diffi culty. Tho impression certainly prevails that thoy havo not been as faithful as they ought to have been to tlio great Protestant trust placed in', their hands. . DeATYI OF A REM.UiKADUfi TEETOTALER. Last week the tciuperunue party, not of England -.merely, hut of the whole empire, lost one of their ablest and most devoted advo cates — Div Ruranui Kerr, whose nauio is revered in many a home in this mid other countries. 1 know of no greater honour thut cuu bo done to the memory of a muu than to say that the world is the better for his having lived and worked, und I am nuro that can be r-uid of Norma n ICerr. Ho made alcohol, its properties, uial its action, tho study of his life, and at tin) same timo laboured for tho temperance cuiwo with a philanthropic zeal that has been seldom equalled and never .sur passed. He w ns widely recognised us an authority on liis special subject, and both as a lecturer and, a writer waa well known nil over the country. He was also ono of the first to recognise tcertahi phases of intemper-- ;i nee as u disease, mid from this point of view did as much as any man of his day for the treatment aud euro of inebriates. I do not any this because I am a teetotaler, for I am not one, but because I have hud tho oppor tunity of seeing mi'.cli of tho good man's work for .some years past. It is not many weeks since that I wus (Talking with Sir "Wilfrid Lawson about him, just when his power for work was cut short, srnd I was much im pressed by the high appreciation which Sir Wilfrid expressed of Dr. Kerr and his labours. Tho doctor was educated at Glasgow Univer- sity, and took his.M.D. degree as far. back as 1861, was closely connected with the American association for the cure of inebriates, and a yioo-prosident of tho International Counoil of Medical Jurisprudence. His health hod been failing for somo timo, and six wooks ago in travelling up to London from Hastings,' whoro ho resided, ho canght a fatal ohill. His work will live long aftor him. Demolition of a Famous Old House. Anothor link with tho past is about to vanish in the shapo of tho famous " Treaty Houso," of Hounslow, tho health of whioh is sacrod to the memory of Ol&ude; Duval, and many another gallant highwayman of " the good old times." It was in tho dining-room of this house that tho conditions of peacewero signed by Lord Fairfax immediately after the viotory ovor tho eavnliors at 'Brentford, and the building, whioh abuts on tbo once busy High street of tho place, is to bo removed to xnako way for on olcotrio tramway. The old Sart of the house, including tho unique and nely- carved staircase, has of course been long credited with a ghost — tho Bhade of a gentleman who, tradition s&ith;, hung himself from tho banisters, but tho " uneasy spirit " has not been seen for at least 50 years. At one time tho house was occupied as a seminary, and it is said thut tho officers of an adjacent bar racks one night raised a false alarm of "fire," and frightened tho young ladies forth in their nightdresses. Tho joko coat the perpetra tors £1,000 in damages. Up to 1840 many bodies of malefactors dangled from tho gibbets on tho neighbouring heath, whioh at ono timo was tho most dangerous, and at tho same timo tho most beau tiful spot in, the neighbourhood of Loudon. To show how tho times are changed I mny mention that at the accession of Queen Victoria thero were as many as 500 State coaches and 1,500 horses daily employed in transit through tho town, it being tho first stage on tho roads to Bath and Southampton. Now whon a coach appears it is a red letter day of the week. Peace Conference. The peace conference at tho Hague is still at work. It has already done more than many people ovor cxpeotcd it would accom- Iriish, out not half as much as many others loped it would do. Tho international agroe- meuc with respect to mediation and arbitra tion is something to tho good, but how much can only bo proved by practical experience. Thero cannot, of course, be anything com pulsory in tho character of such an agree ment, and when nations get excited to tho verge of quarrelling, moral conditions are easily evaded. The hopo of effecting an arrangement in tho shape of disarmament, or even u cessation of arming, even if it waa ever seriously entertained — has lieen seen for a long time to bo utterly illusory. Thero havo been indications during the last fow days that suggest the wisdom of not unduly prolonging the conference. One or twoquestions have been tabled that point to au attempt by tho repre sentatives of one nation to get au advantage at tho expenso of tho others, and it seems to mc that the moment any spirit of that kind begins to show itself, it is an indication rhnfc the powers of tho confcreuco for the general benefit havo bccu exhausted. The principal mean of good thut can coine of tho con ference, under existing conditions, are, it ap pear to ine, that through it the nations uro brought to confer togothcr and to totter understand each other. It is a curious fuet that tlio Emperor Napoleon III. made a vigorous effort about 1808 to induce tho nations to consent to partial disarmament, hut Prussia frustrated the idea by refusing to entertain it. Parliamentary Grant to the Sirdar. There was a largo muster in the Houso of Commons on Monday night to deal with the proposed grant of £30,000 to tho Sirdar. It was, of course, a foregone conclusion that the motion, brought forward by tho Government, would be passed. Tho question was uot made a party ono at all, and therefore the great disparity of figures in tho division— 393 to 51 —was of little oonsequenco from that point 'of view, although tho absteutions and cross- voting were greater than had been anticipated. Moreover, the two questions of practically recognising the merits of Lord Kitchener and of disapproving tho mutilation and dispersal of tbo remains of the Mahdi wore combined, and many members felt that it would be un gracious, if not in some senso unjust, to refuse to do tho ono ihing on the ground of objeotion to tho other. Nevertheless, the debate served its main purpose. It gave those whoj strongly disapproved the action concerning tho Mahdi's tomb full opportunity of recording their protest against it. and they had this satisfaction, too — that while evexy- body regretted the necessity of the act, not one person dared excuse or defend it on other grounds than those of political expedi ency, a term which certaiuly inuy bo made to cover an immonso ground, and tho moral ' conditions of whioh aro by no means clearly defined. . Buroly that is sufficient justification for tho conduct of those who opposed tho grout, and who, led by John Moricy, had tho courage of their convictions sufficiently to go into tho division lobby against it. Thero were several features of collateral interest in the debate worth noting, but I have ex hausted my space this wook and must defer mentioning them. I may add, however, that Lord Kitchener w&b; in the Houso during the proceedings, and evidently followed tho spocohcs with tho closest interest. It is fervently to be hoped wo havo now heard the last of this incident about the Mahdi and bis tomb. England and the Transvaal. Tho failure of the conference between Sir A. Milner and President Kruger at Bloem- fontoin is being taken very seriously in Eng land, and especially in the House of Com mons. It is telt tbat tbo action of President Kruger has rendered the crisis neuto, though not hopeless. An arrangemont, it is thought by many, may still bo arrived at. But I catmot say that this is tho opinion of tbo majority, who now doubt tho honesty aud sinoerity of the Boera and their Government when they professod readiness to grant reasonable reforms. The goncral opinion is < that tho proposals of Sir A. Milnor were moderate and the least that could bo accepted, particularly as tho High Commissioner showed that they would noithor swamp the Boors nor woaken tho independence of the country.7 Tho Boers would still have a majority in the Raad. No, no ; I fear it is not what Mr. Kruger wants. Ho pursued a orafty part from tho beginning. Hithorto many persons in England have sympathised with him und the Boers somewhat in their desire not to be effaced, cither as a nation or a people, by the foreigners , but they will hardly do so any longer. I cannot for one. Mark the courso Mr. Krugor adopted. First he throw on Sir A. Mil ner the onus of raising tho question. Sir A. Milner stated the case, but before any thing practical could bo done, tbo President "out in," and tried to got tbo High Com missioner to consent that the question of the franchise, and all others, should be submitted to arbitration. This, of course, was only another and a very artful way of trying to escape tho suzerainty of England and of placing tho Transvaal on a level with overy other absolutely independent nation. Sir A. Milnor, of course, instantly and definitely rejected tho idea, declaring that the English Govemmeut would nover pormit tho inter ference of a foreign power. Aftor tbat President Krugor submitted his franchise proposals, and they were found to bo utterly inadequate. On tho franchise question depended the others, and as no agreement could be arrived at on that, tho conference ended, and ended abortively. Mr. Chamber lain 1ms sinco stated in the House of Commons that the Govemmeut regard the Boer proposuls as quite inadequate, and when a summary of them was rend out, members laughed ironically. It would he premature yot to speak of tbo conscquouces of the action of the Boers. All one can say safely for the moment is thut that action has created con siderable dissatisfaction, und that it has strengthened tho determination of tho country to sco that political justice is done to tho Outlandera. 