THJE OUTCAST —OR— The Black Sheep of the Family. The Tale abounds with Startling Situations, and is Pathetic and Sensational in the highest degree. It shows the Good and Bad Side of . Human Nature, and the characters are Life-like aiid Real. CHAPTER XXII. By the author of " UNDINE." I Want to tell you before you answer exactly how, I stand. If you marry me, the world will laugh, and «*J that you have married an outcast. Well, Itnaybe. No; I have been; but I am an outcast no longer I remember, years ago, when I was a boy, reading about the Prodigal Son. I'm \- that Prodigal Son. Ishall come back to my father, the dear old man whose life I have hitherto spoiled. I shall come back to take my place among my people. I know , that that place has been partly filled. My father has made my cousin, Stannard Marshbank, his heir. Mind, I say nothing against him. He is a befctsr man than I amy «id deserves all thajf<iie has got. Let niy father give hife every penny he can. _ I have forfeited it, but the title is^imne. I am the next Earl of Averleigh. \- s Wait! I don't say this to influence you. I know that it will not influence you. I feel here, in my heart, that'you are above that sort of thing. But I am the next Earl of Averleigh, and, if you will try and love me, and be my wife, I will be an outcast no longer, but will take my place amongst my kind. Eva, if I were a poor man, with no title, no prospects, with a fair- isH life behind me, J should have more courage to come to you than. I have flow; but I can only say that I love you with all my heart—that I would lay down my life for you ! That I will try and do a harder thing than that— iry and be a different man, anj, in a way, worthy of you V i, Eva clutclied the side of the table, r her heart was beating id accord with *very word he uttered ; an almost ir- • resistible desire peseesseci her to fling herself upon his breast and murmur, : * I love you, I love you !' She stood <>utwardly calm while this storm of jpassloBate desire raged within her "bosom." He drew a little nearer towards her; his face reflecting the passionate amotion which throbbed through every rein., . '.Eva, what will you say to me? Tell me the truth, the absolute truths All my life, depends upon it. 1 am like a man standing on the- edge of , precipiee. „ Xou, and you only can \- «ave ,jne. Eva, I love you. Will * 'ybu be triy wife T - ^Insensibly. she- felt herself drawn towatfshun; her hand was stretched towards his; he seized it and caught her to'his breast -J/My^-dearest! Mj own!' broke irom'his'lips. At the sound of the .passionate avowal jshe-came to Jherself. With a aPFJ.sheput her hand upon hip shoulders aridshrankback. ••No, no. ' I cannot—I cannot. I '.'' 'must-flat; Let me go. Don't touch —me.'..—: ' .. . .. v. jH«released her at once, and stood, why» to,; the lips, his . feyes fixed upon her with an imperative questioning. 'I cannot,' she breathed. — «Oh r Forgive me, forgive me. What have I done.?' ' ;• . - 'You cannot? A*d yet just now you—ypu came ~to' "me. I- I don't inderatand. Your .eyes—your face joldme that——Eva, you do love me; ; way that you do- ' ' No, . no !\ she said! «I cannot. Oon!t—don't touch me. Lord Fayne —it is too late. I cannot be your \vife ; I ain—oh; if 1 had btit known ; ;>ut. if. I had known, even then it •••ould be too late. I—turn your eyes -v-vay from.me, I cannot bear them. I n engaged to Stannard Marshbank.' •'ib sank into a chair and her head r-U ; upon;her arms.....;:,...; ; Henot Fayne started back, and . v :ught at one of' the carved chairs. 'You are—engaged to^-to—Stanii i rd ! Marshbank 3' . he said. ! He ussed; his hand over his forehead, and ' oked. at-her stonily; the poo/ fellow Jwd some difficulty in realising the ' : uth thai, his hopes were shattered, \--"iat all his future life' waij'worse than . .--i,blank. ' •'"' ' I—I am *ery sorry !' she i said. ,rCow tame the four words sounded. '.You sire to . be the wife of Stan- "ird i Of Stannard;!, Well 'j—bit- ; M:rly—'it is only what I might have xpected. He stands' well with the .: »' Or)d. No one would dream of calling him an -outcast; ho is a favourite <>i, fortune. • And you are to be his wife!' . Eva did not raise her head. \--White as a, ghost, Heriot stood :\rect, his head bent, despair, proclaiming itself in his eyes, his attituds. ' Yes; he is a favpurite of fortune, ile has stepped into my place, he has ,'ot- my father's; goodwills—that's all j.'/ighf enough. And . now-he has won \- • you. Oh, yes, it's all right. I'm pay- '. irig the penalty —I'm reaping the harvest I have sown. But oh. God, it's .hrird to bean' : •• \\.' Eva raised her "head. *.'•; •„' It is not that,' she said. ' You do not know .!' ';•..- ';-"'.•"-••. / • -' l iflow enough,' he said ; «the rest :;doea Inot. matter. Stannard Marsh- ^toinjc! And you care for him J Well, ^'•fwhy not ? He is a better man than 'I, -am. Well, it is all ovtir! He shall Uke my place. I was never, worthy to fill it. J will go. now. God bless you, Eva; I—I wish you every happiness.' She sprang to her feet. He stood erect, his hand outstretched towards' her in an attitude which, in a better man, might have been called one 6f benediction. ' . As ...she .stood confronting him, she longed-to cry, ' You do jiot know, you do not understand.. It is you I lore, but I. must,, marry Stannard Marshbank. . •. It was strange that something of her meaning did not dawn upon hia bewildered and fevered brain. He took a step towards her as she sank intora chair. Even yet all might have been well, and Heriot Fayne and Eva Winsdale have been spared much. But, at that moment, the door opened,. and Mr. Winadale's voice was heard, saying in his lightest tones— 'The papers are in herej Stannard.' And he and Stannard Marshbank and the earl entered the room. At sight of: Heriot Fayne the three men stopped, and stared aghast. Then Lord Averleigh took a 'step forward. • 'Heriot!' he cried, i Heriot only glanced at him for a second, then his eyes swept the group and returned to Eva. She had risen to her feet again, and stood with bowed head and'clasped hands. Stannard Marshbank hurried to her and took her hand. ' Eva ; what does this mean 1' . Mr. Winsdale moved to her other side. 'Lord Fayne, this is a pleasure !' 'Heriot!' said the earl, white as & ghost, and with twitching lips. - Heriot Fayne looked round with a bitter defiance. ' I beg .your pardon for this intrusion,' he said. 1 1 happened to be passing.' He laughed' wildly. Stannard Marshbank . raised his head, which had been'bent over Era. 'We are very glad to- see you, Heriot,' he said. * But I'm afraid that you have startled Miss Winsdale.' ' It's very likely,' he said, with a short laugh. ' I am—I am the odd man out.'. In his agony he scarcely knew what he said. All his desire was to get outside, away from them," to hide himself and his misery from human ken! '.Heriot,' said the earl,'in a broken voice, ' when did you come here 1 How? Why did you not come to use—to us ? Lady Janet—' At this moment Lady Janet entered the room. As she saw Heriot' she uttered a cry—the yearning " cry of pitying love — and' stretched out her thin arms towards him. '"Heriot, my boy !' she cried. He went up to her, and put his arm round her. V Aunt Janet 1' he said, brokenly. 'My boy, my borf she cried 'You' have come back to us!': Before he could .respond or repel her' a cry rose from the still-open window.^ Every eye turned in the direction: of the sound, and, framed as it were -by the window, stood * pale, shrinking, girl, with Ralph Forster beside her. CHAPTER XXIII. IN his confused' and excited state, Heriot Fayne might well have taken the'appearance of Grace Warner at: the open window as Vision, an improbable trick of'imagination. But it was indeed ^Grace herself. Soqn -after. Heriot _ had Jeft Warner's : cottage to wander towards White Cot, Mrs.. Warner, .vwho was' alone, and preparing the . supper, suddenly heard a light tap at the window ; it was a repetition of the tapping at'the window which; had so startled her on the proceeding evening. She sat down the things from her hand, and clutched the table. - She".-felt" perfectly sure that the sound did not come from a bird or the" tapping of-the ivy against the glass. Perhaps ' her maternal instinct, the fact that she had been waiting, watching, and praying, for the return of her daughter, led her to hope that the longing" of her heart' <ras about to be satisfied. fighting for courage, and trembling in every limb, she got acroiB the room, and'opening this door, looked out. It was a moment or two before, she could speak; then she faltered out, ' Is anyone there f )'• A ^girlish form pame, at first slowly, then .swiftly, and the poor girl was lying on her" mother's bosom, her mother's trembling armt encirclihg her and holding her tight. * Grace ! Grace 1 It is you ! My child, yon have come back ! Oh thank God ! thank God !' ' Yes, it's me, mother,' sobbed Grace, but she shrank back as Mrs. Warner attempted to lead her into,the cottkge. ' Don't, be afraid, Grace, she said. ' I'm all alone ; father and Ralph are out.'. '_'•'. • • ' . _ ' ' ; At the mention of Ralph's name, Grace started, and recoiled ' a •: little. ;' And if they were here, they'd be onlytoo glad to see you. There ain't a day. they haven't waited and longed -for you. Come in, deariecome in.'- ..Grace suffered ,her mother to lead her in, and Mrs., Warner .scanned her with a loving scrutiny, not unmixed with a faint aiid thankful sutpniee. - She had looked forward to this hour for many ajweary month.; • She had expected to see Grace, if ever she came back, fearfully changed^ worn with misery, and; dressed- in rags; But her child did not look in the very least like <>ne of the lost creatures in the streats. She was as pretty' as ever, and, at any rate, in the mother's eyes, as innocent looking; she * was plainly and neatly idressed, and; then was ho sign? of rag9 or destitution.: She drew Grace lo a chair in front ef the fire, and, taking off her modest 'iiat, laid the golJen hlsad' upon her bosom. ' Oh, Grace! Gracis!' she said, between her: sobs. * It don't sesm real; tell me—tell inie everything.' Grace shuddered. ' Not—hot everything mother 1' ' How 1 did you come here?' asked Mrs. Warner. ' I know you f«und us, because I left the address at the old house, in case you should - ever go b$gk there. We were obliged to leave, Grace, for your father -couldn't get work, and we came on here. Ralph came with us, for he's got to look upon us as hia own belongings.' ' Poor Ralph !! murmured Grace, but though there was pity in her voice, there was no love. 'Where have you been? Whei-e hare^you been living ? asked Mra, Warner, with.trembUng impatience. . ' It's a long story,' said Grace, sighing heavily. ' I've been living in London -' •Not with him V said Mrs. Warner, between her clenched teetb.- • 'No, mother,' said Grace, with drooping head. ' He left me. Left me very soon ; he grew tired of irie. He was a bad man, .mother. Oh ! if I had only known Mrs. Warner, murmured w ; ords of pity, and drew the girl closer to her." '"'' '.'" ' When he lef^.me,' jsaid Grape, ' I hid myseK in London. He offered me money with a laugh and a sneer, but I flung it at him.. I didn't take a penriy. I tried to get work, but for a time I couldn't get any; and when I did, it was so little that I was nearly-— 1 Mrs. Warner struggled hard with her sobs. t r\ • x -i » ' One night I was turned out from my lodging. I couldn't pay the rent, 1 hadn t a penny. I thought that night, mother, that it would be better for me. better for all of us, if . I threw myself off one of the great London bridges !' Mrs.-Waruer uttered a faint cry of terror. • Then something happened. A fnend came just as if he were sent down from Heaven, add he helped me —saved me. . TTV 1 -.r <rcr , He r murmured Mrs. Warner, and with a momentary mpmentary sinking sinkinor of hnr her heart. ''" ' " . " " '.No, pother,' said Grace in a low voice, * you needn't be afraid. 'They are not all bad men in the world.. This one is a good one. T will not tell you his name, because he does not think I know it. He helped me, and things took a turn from that hour. There is a little boy living in this same. house with me, he is blind, and plays the fiddle. This gentleman helped him, too; got him engagements .at some of the big houses. / He is blind, mother, and Fve got to go with him; That's what I did at first, but he persuaded me into trying to sing. The great people have taken a great fancy tons; * « - _ o---- j and they p&y;/iis iwell. ^ometimgs^e. get hoon as or much night.' as five . poundsuj-theater ! noon Mrs. or Warner meht uttered an cxclamationof \ surprise. ••:- 'Y«s, J know I don't-deserve it, mother,' said Grace, with a catch in her voice. 4 But God's been better to me than I deserve.' Mrs. Warner got up swiftly, and made some tea. ' Go on—go on, Grace 1' she said. ' Tell me how you came here. You ; hadn't forgotten us, Grace T Grace hung her head. ' No mother, I hadn't forgotten you; but I should never have dared : to come back. I will tell you the' whole truth. • The day before yesterday I was at a London station, with Johnnie—that's my little friend. , We had to go a little way but of London, and while I was taking our" tickets, I saw him on the platform. The sight of him filled me with hate. I felt as if I was burning all over. I wanted to go up to him, and tell him that he was a villian !' Heir blue eyes fiashed,. and her hands clenched. • He didn't, see me, and I went up close to him, while he took his ticket, and I-heard the name of the station he was going to. All that night I didn't know what I was "doing, or 'singing, and when I got home, I couldn't sleep / it drove me mad to think that perhaps he was going oh in his old way, and trying to ruin and deceive some other poor girl as he had . deceived me. Mother, I think Xshould have gone mad if I hadn't , done what I felt I must do.. : i felt as if I must follow him and -fend hirn,'.and. tell him to his face what I thought of him, anil perhaps, -save some poor, innocent girl from his'clutches. Mr. Warner silently put the cup of tea in her hand. . : - _ ^ ' Drink it, dearie,' she srhispered. ' I couldn't rest,' said Grace. 'And yesterday haiving no place to go to wiih Johnnie, 1 went to the station, and took a ticket for the same place as he had. It was Averleigh Station. 'Here? said Mrs. Warner. ' Yes,' said Grace. J.I came do^vn, and carefully kept out of sight, and .aoon found out where he was. - He's a jjreat aweU, mother; x>ne of,those softapoksn, sweet-smiling gentlemen, that deceive everybody. It's only right that «v.rrW4tr ib-V »,„ ^ r ^ S t e S ^ knoir him." HeV courting a young lady-down here, a yonnglady whoeVery ooe.joves and; «peak« of a/ an angel. Hflpshap'tmarrjr her, mother, without • her ..'» inowing • -what • : a . villain -_ he uL is! •. «,,• save her, if I can.' Mrs. Warner lutened in intense si lence and excitement. # ' But think of yourself, Grace,' she faltered. ' They'll all know the story -your story- "A. light of heroic courage burnt'in. the - blue eyes.- ' Well, then, mother, they must, .-, ' she ^d, firmly. , «Ite the one jjoihI, thing Lean do to atone.for^ wickedr,, f dm* I hav* done. If I can do any good,' she sobbed; 'if I can sav« this poor/young lady from falling into his clutches, -J shall feel as if I were not altogether bad, as if I had done something {to show that I was grateful to Gpd fpr -saving me . from——' She shuddgrejql, and hid her face in • herhands;. -.-mother! if you only knew what* t ^night have fallen into through th?Lfc. man's villainy.. I might have been wandering in the streets likn many-that did no worse than I did, but had jio one to save them as I had.' There was a pause, while the two women.: jingled their tears, then Mrs. garner said, in a whisper— ' It isn't;>"for me to thwart you, Grace, though I'd rather you never went near him again, and let him go his own way. You shall do as you like. What;is it, you mean to do V * I've found out,' said Grace, ' that he's going to a place called White Cot to- night .' ' Mr. Wiiisdale'a!' ' Yes; it'a his daughter I'm going to try and save. Ishall go down there and see hec,' 'But he'll be there,'said Mrs. Warner.-"•-•'" 1 1 don't care,' said Grace. ' I hate and loathe him,.4>ut I'm not afraid of' himi What I' have to say I'll say to his face, and they'll soe, by his f.ice, whether it's true : or not.' ' And then you'll come back?' said Mrs. Warner. -: •Don't be afraid, Grace. Your father and Ralph will -weep with joy to have you back again.' - ' No, mother,', said Grace, gently but firmly. I i cannot tauuuiKimc come back uacK to uiwiune shame you before the people here. I've got mJ work in London, and my way made out there. You and father must come to . me, if . we're to be together again." And Ralphfr faltered Mrs. Warner. •'- ...-.'. Grace sliook:heivhead, sadly. 'No, mother,' she. said, in a low voice; ' that can'never BOv 6r u». be. x I woman wouldn't c do Ralph so great* wrong as to marry him. I couldn't be his wife. I could not • have • been, - urou,imjU even if 1L he tVC hadn't IlBUIl b led Je me astray. I didn't love Ralph, and I think iL.i. that it wasjhe i 11 fear rl of . marrying . him that helped: ..to : drive me into wrong.' . . s « - . As she spoke Ralph entered. A hoarse cry escaped him, and his gun dropped from his hand ; but Grace, though she rose and stood within her mother's arms, Tittered no cry, am) seemed almost calm.. ' Grace !' he said at last; ' You have come back - Then he looked at her, and as he saw the evidences of prosperity evineSi by hetr dress, his face worked. : ; :i' : Where is he?' he asked. ' Have you ;left him 1' Grace's face went white. i Yes, Ralph !' she aaid. 'Iha\e left jcwuiia him -^-oo: — oo.'i Jie -3eft:?me^—months sM T^The houodl' ^^I^Wouna out betwoen'his tem.f ^ Where is he 3 I want to find hWj - I. want'to take him by the throat f z. ' No, Ralph &n;«aid Grace. ' You must not do; that, for- your-own sake la is quite enough that l jshould suffer-!'^ \- '-'-: : .y; :.s. Ralph sank into a chair, his face hidden in his hand, his feet beating against the floar. ' ' And he'« to rgo unpunished ?' he said. •.. •''•.>:; No {'saidGrace. 'I, whom he has wronged, have the right to punish him, and. I niean to do so.' . In a few words she told him something of what shp had told her mother. Ralph spning'to his feet. ' And he's here—here in the place ?' he cried. ' Take me to him !' Yes,' said Grace; and her low, calm voice exercised a restraining influenceover him.* 'You shall go with me Ralph, but only if you promise to say nothing^-not ji word. What there is to say, what there is to do, I will say -and do. Give me your solemn promise, and we will go together.' A struggle went on in Ralphs': mind. His. face worked, his eyes shone sav- agely a desire for. .vengeance consumed him. ' ... 'Your promise, Ralph?' she said calmly. . . N ' I promise !' he said at last, hoarsely. . Grace took up her hat, but her mother put it on for her, smoothed the wavy golden hair, and kissed the pale lips. -.. .'I will come back to see father,' Grace whiipfered.: - ' Tell him that I've never ceased to^think of you both day and night 5 -^at the-thought of all the8orrow I've caused you has been xtf most punishment enough for even such wickedness as mine. Ask him to fergive me^ and give me back a little of his old love. Good-bye, mother, for a little while.' . :She drew herself away from her mother's arips at last, and with the tears running 'down her face, went outside with Rfilph. . Only that -strange firmness which Heriotjhad seen .- indicated in the blue f yes V^jd^ke.^face, on the n.ght » e fol »a<i. her on .ihe^oor step, could ^ kep^^lute m tlie path she ha d determined to follow. A S S ^ S ^ T ^ d the man ^ 'ovea o ^ aer, but wic.ne ehe coulcUotlove, c ... T fnT^t IT" . ^ l o ° ged ^ ber that he hfd forgiven her, O'^ be ^y^. her to beg,of one word of love from ;, her m in return :; fcufJ but something, .pe^ljaps the consciousness of the hoj>dass.nes8 of his love, clioked the words; back again. They reached White <3ot, ibdt, vat the front gate, brace paused.': ' He BT- wiilnoj isi»'me.!' she «aid, al. most to herself. . r' f ,H« Ralph gnmly. 'j!f T^bavip to go in and dra«; him out'here.' " " ' " . No, . no:::«3d Qrace. « Yoir j>rou,iae 1 £ Remember yow priuw i 1m in* \- * Mechanically sh e walked down the path that led to the back of the house, Ralph following, then the saw the light streaming from • the open window of the library, -and heard woioes. .< ; She recognised Stannard Mdrshbank's, and a tfaint cry escaped her. Instinctively she drew back, Ralph caught her by the arm, and with set teeth, and white face, drew her to the open window. CHAPTER XXIV. THEY wei-e standing with the bright light of the room upon their faces. Every face was turned upon them, and for a moment"or two an intense silence reigned. Lord Averleigh was the first to break it. _' Ralph !' he said, in a tone of grave displeasure at the intrusion. The sound of his voice broke the spell which seemed to haye fallen upon Heriot. ' Grace !' he said, and he took half a step for ward. From the moment the person iu the room had come within her. view, and she had seen and recognised Heriot, Grace had been unable to take her eyes from his face. She stood gazing at him.\yith her hands pressed ..upon her heart, her breath coming paiitingly. At Heriot' s exclamation of Grace's name, Eva started slightly, and drew back with a commingling of feeling* difficult to describe. Perhaps surprise predominated. Who was this girl, with the pretty face" and golden hair ? Why had she come there, and how it was that Heriot Fayne addressed her so familiarly ? Stannard Marshbank, at the sight of Grace, had gone as white as a sheet, and had stepj«l back a little, behind the group, though he need not have taken that precaution, for everyone was too engaged in gazing at Heriot and Grace to observe Stannard Marshbank. Lord Averleigh, with an anxious, apprehensive glance at his son, addressed Grace again. fl 'Why have you come here, my good girl f he said. ' Do you wish to see me ? : Grace found her voice at last. All her "courage had: disappeared at sight of Heriot Fayne. She had forgotten her purpose, almost forgotten the man, she had come to unmask. 'I—I,' she faltered, almost inaudibly—' I beg your pardon, sir. I wanted -to see—someone. It—it does not matter. I will go my way again.' She would have turned, but Ralph caught her by the arm, almost roughly. ' You shall not go 4' he said. ' You shall not go until you've told them what you've come "fori- He glared fiercely round the group, and then fixedihis eyes upon Heriot Fayne . 'She.came here, my lord, m search of_ the man—gentleman '^bitterly, ' who,led her astray, who deceived her with wools of love, then, like the hound he is, left her—to perish in the gutter, for all he eared.' A thrill ran through them all A spasm of pain passed over Lord Averleigh's face. He glanced nt Heriot, groaned and hung his head. (To be Continued 