TH&PARLIAMENT; Y LBOWLATIVE COUNGlt. The President (don. Sir R. C. Baku, K.C.M.O.) took the Chair at 2 p.m. G.IJMERAOHA MOU-XTBD, ULFLES. ThtfOlQEF JiEXJRHrriftY (Hon. j.'.t. uuogrma,} mtormed the utun. f. Uaisedow that it was unaer Section 36 and Regulation 12, Question 8, of the Defences Act, 1893, that the halt-comp-iny, Uunieracha Divi sion, Mounted Rifle*, had been disbanded. The reason for tbeir disband roent had been irregular attendance and non-attendance at drill.. Oiily six men out of seventeen b3d attendWany drills and they did not at tend the required number. The disl-and- ment hail been effected before their Urm of service h*d expired. HOUSEHOLD SUFFRAGE BILL. Second reading. The CHIEF SBCRCTARY (Hon. J. V. O'Lochlin), in moving the second reading, ~ai.l tne lWl would be familiar ti- member*, a» is jwiu i precisely the tame ad the nteasirre submitted to the Council last sua sion, k iiropo»ed to enfranchise every householder in S-outh Australia, and to provide, instead -of the pnseut anomalous and irregular, system; that the home should lie the .-or-inl unit, giving every man and hi* wife, if he had one. a vote for the Leg illative Council. They had heard it said frequently -that in the recent referendum the people did not understand what they w.tc voting for. Thia Hill, lie would point out at once, could not come into force until another referendum was ° taken, and thai woaM be1* .y .sueguard: against! any l-e-.»p)e.-vDtin? in ignorance.' He intended to zive a -hurt history of the Legislative Council tuifracc movement to meet thear gutnent that there had been no demand :for iuch a Bill a* thin. The question of;'.-|if- i'erenw- between the tu-o Houses waa*at very old one. Even at the formation ;.o£; the Constitution it whs a very debatable? point, and it was only a» a. compromise tbr cnabk* manhood suffrage to be. obtained for the Hon.se oi Assembly tbat'a pn-4 T-erty qualitication for the.: Council . was ?asiwd tn. It, bail been 'si debatable', que»- 'Vjiii ever 5mcfc.' In - 1881. there ^werB-ji* ?tiny differences between-theitwo ^Houses, T.-nltinp in de^ocksiand-deJaysiuf legis-. lation. that a'^lliw*kb4j»ed that was ex l-orted tn be' u'Wrfutioabt the. difficulty, bu: which had proved to liev no solution at all. Even im'the Councin*,vHh:,i& [restrict «! franchisee Bj)lr-fof '.'rajranr Jtel.'fran. ihise had beffl-- pas^-Uir&'tim^'iniohe'. M-e by an ibsoInte^ipaipntJi^.In 1894 the Hon. A. A. Kirkp^trRi^inrrbduced^a BUI providing for th^TMuctibn* of- the. 'qualifi- cation from £25 to £10.'- -That was car r:*-\ on iu- second reading on. a catch vote hv ? to S, but the majority being insuffi cient the Bill -lkl not paw. Mr. Kirk luttriek sub^eqhently moved tn ttviye the Rill, ^ and -'the. motion xe.y earned by 12 vote* to' 10; That-also Tras not'a conHtitu ricnal m-ijority. and the Bill accordingly lar.-cd. In 1W5 the Government took the in user' dp» and .Mr. Gordon, who was then Chief Secretary, introduced a Bill on prac ticilly the same line*, the qualification iicia^ fixed at £15. .There was. also a provi -ion for leaseholders who bad spent £200 in improvements having a vote. That Bill was carried b-- an absolute majority of the ( oum-il— 13 vote* to 10— hut it was subse quently- frhehred. after certain amendments had been' made in Committee. Mr. Addison i-arryinc a motion— 'That the Chairman leave th* Chair.' In 1890 he had the privi lege of introducing a- Bill similar to that which llr.. Gordon had introduced. It was tarried by* 12 votes .to 11, but the majoritv not being : large enough this Bill also hpfced. That was 'the hirtorv, then, of Bills intro duced in the Council. The Council having h.?fl three opportunities of passing the Hill, ' 'its venne was then chang ed to the Hou.«e of Aseetubly. 1 lie present Bi|l Tras introduced there in 189$. and wal* carried by 32 to 17, and for warded to the Council, where it was de feated by 12 .votes to 9.* Then .came the events of the present ?ession. ' After' a ger.eral election and- i referendum on the Kill had taken place the Bill was intro duced into tie Hou:-e of Assembly, and the feunnd redding carried by 33 votes to 20 — one more, than on the previous occa .-ion. It wa- r«»d a third time by. 30 to 21\. counting pairs. f_Mr. Ward — ''You c-.in't count them constiliilionally.') lie had roant&i;'thrni in each instance. The Kill iiaj-.-ed -through the Howe of Assembly in all its #ugcs by constitutional majon ties, and the Council, as he had pointed out previously, recognised that there was a demand for such legislation by passing on three occasions Bills reduc:2£ the qualifica tion. That vpu an evidence of the will of the p.-opk- as shown through theirParliaroentary representatives, but membeTR well knew that elections often turned on personal or local consideration* Therefore to get ah un mistakable indication of the will of the people « direct referendum was taken. (Mr. Ward— 'Xot of the electors you represent.') He claimed to represent ..ip whole of the people, not one-third. The re«ult. of the referendum was that 49.203 people voted for household suffrage and 33JC28 against. Cho majority in favour of the Bill beinj; 15,230, which was a great deal more than the majorities in favour of federation in same of the neighbouring colonies, and a larger majority than that qiven in uvour of federation at the hrst referendum in South, Australia. Moreover, out of 27 districts, 20 were in favour of the Bill, and two or 'three only lost it by narmw majorities— in one case by nine votes only. That wad conclusive evidence that there had been a demand for the BilL Attempts had been made to rliow that it wa- only wanted in the centres of population, but there were not 20 districts dominated by centres of popu lation. The district which more than any other could be regarded as a purely country district was Flinders. It bad not a town as large a* the *maJle--t sub urb ,ots .Adelaide, and yet 1,157 of the 'electors 'of Flinders voted for household . suffrage, and only 730 against. He found, too, in such large agricultural district* m Newcastle and Frame, where the farming ' community predominated, that large majorities were given for thj Bill. So ranch for the question as to where the demand for the Bill came from. He had dealt with the argument that the re» suit of passing the Bill would be to give the centres of population a predominating power in legislation, when replying to Mr. (iordon's speech on the Addreas-in-replv, but there, was no harm in reiterating the armnnentj be used -then, seeing that oppo nents of the' Bill outside.' were endeavour ing tn make the most of this idea. He vnomted out that all the large centres had jbeen formed into Corporations, and that ith« smaller towns might fairly be consi dered a« identified with the country dis tricts which surtqunded them. The num ber of 'hbuie* within Corporations was 23,000. as compared with 38,000 outside, so that nearly one-third more votes would lie ?ir£n._fo' coutrtry houf-e^ than for town dwellings under the -Bill. ~He- was-now en deavouring tn put? scujtiment^on. -ope nde« mid deal wift 'facU^and.'jfCTresJonly,'''anH though no doubt som&members; would say that if the facts weft against tLem to mucht'the.'worse toclweTfacts^-the facts be liad quoted could not be* disputed, takea at they were from official statistics. Look ing into .these figures a little more close'; and- comparing the number of houses- in the various electorate* with the number of voters, he found that no far from the Bill favouring, the .city and v suburbs; the very reverse t^oujd be the case. y!In\'D«A rossa, an agricultural district, there were' 3,600 houses and only 1,424 votes. ' (Mr. WnrreM-i'The German women do not .re pster.V.) . He thought the German colonists were fully alive to their electoral ?responsi-: mlities, and that they registered and took; a. fairly prominent part in the elecUoni.in their districts. In North Adelaide the^e were 3,230 nouses and 2,979 votes; in East Torreus, 5,968 houses and 5,802 votes, or unly a few houses whidi did not carry votes. In Sturt, too, there were 4^97 houses and 4,166 votes, eo that it would be seen that in the city and suburban districts the effect* of household suffrage would, not be very great, while in the country the effect of the Bill would be to largely' in crease the number of voters fqr the Legis lative Council. (Mr. Warren— 'You arcs setting city against country.') He was merely combating the argument* of those who had been endeavouring to do this,, and he thought he had done so fairly conclu sively. The Hill would add. about 70,000 voters to ths Upper House electorate. -Let them see whether there was anything to be alarmed at in the proposal. Of the 70.000 about 30,000 were the wives of pre sent ejectors. Was there any. danger of giving them votes? Olr. Stirling— 'The wives do not want them.'*) That was what Mr. Stirling said when adult suffrage was proposed. He said they would not use the votes, but tuey had done so, and with so much political intelligence a* to amply justify the trust which nad been reposed in them. He was sure no one would contend that the extension of the franchise to the wives of present electors would be attend ed with any danger, or would result in a flood- of ultra -democratic or radical mea sures* being passed. Then it was estimate-i that' there were about 20,000 men who would be '.added to the roll by the reduc tiori.orjthe franchise as householders, whose present, qualification was too little to en able them to vote for the Legislative Coun eiL' .Was' -there any danger of enfranchis ing^men whose only disqualification at pre leentf was that, their houses happeued to be a little smaller than their neighbours'? ?They were persons whose homes -and. every- thing they had in the world were centred in South Australia. (Mr. Stirling— 'Tour 'Mlhisttv is going, further than that. Yon -want adult euffrage.') Let them deal with :one*- thing- at a- time. If this Bill was'- fair, let them pa* it, and they --?? couM reject any subsequent proposal; which did not please them. Jh«i; besides 'thote be had mentioned, were 20,000 .others, including the wives of ;tb«ie small householders and a few unmar ried, men or women who had not the re quisite qualification wow. If members, in stead of being alarmed at the largeness of the number of new voters, and being afraid of being nwnmped by the. 70.000 new electors, . would close) v examine the com position of this number, 'they -would see that the Bill could be passed without in'any way endansering the Constitution or the Legislative Council. While on this subject he tnicht mention that while adult suffrupe had nearly doubled the num ber of electors for the Assembly, it hail had very small effect on the Legislative Coun cil. The change had udded 68,000 women -to. the Lower House roll and only 9,000 to that of the Upper House. A' a further illus tration of the fact that very few women in the country districts have votes for the [.egislative Council, he would tike the District of Yorke's Peninsula, where there were 839 men and only 63 women on the roll. It was thus dtar that the voting liower of the country* would be greatly strengthened Take another district— Stanley— and thev found only 144- women on the roll, while in the Unre and im portant agricultural district of Frome there rere only 240 women enfranchised for the Legislative Council, as against -between ?.'.000 and 3.000 men. . In North ' Adelaide there were. '2.071 men and 908 women. .The proportion :was about two to one in North Adelaide, while at Yorke's Peninsula it was nearly 14 -to 1. The very curious argument had- - been advanced that this Jill would lessen the ' influence of the Council, and ultimately destroy it— in fact he h.i4 even seen the measure characterized as the Legislative Council Destruction Bill. It was the most curious artrument he tad ever sfven advanced. cs- far from it leipg true, it would base the Council more broiully on the people's will, and would strengthen rather than weaken it. To shou- that this would happen, be did not think he could do better than quote an opinion expressed by the' President in re ferring to another question. Sneaking on the necessity for a strong Senate— and the Senate in the Federal Parliament had to perform all the functions of the Upper floiue. and a. fri-cUt deal more besides — (sir Utcnarrt Baker said:— 'lo make the Senate strong enough to perform the func tions for which it wa* willed into ex istence, it must be elected on a. broad basis, and as there was power in numbers the more liberal the franchise the stronger the House would become.' There could -e no ilouht that the more liberal the 'rancbise was made the stronger tlw Council would become, and, in fact, tltose who had the, interests of the House at heart, and believed in the bicameral sys tem, should vote for the Bill for this reason. It would raise the Council from its present sectional position and make its position infinitely stronger and firmer. It lad been contended that in South Austra lia we had the most democratic Constitu tion in the world, but this w.u quite wrong. ' as there wa# liardly an Upper House in the British dominions on fucu a restricted franchise, and he said it ad visedly. (Mr. Howe— Vis tnat the reason why it has passed so many liberal mea sures, as even the Premier admit* it has?') It had no* passed many liberal measures since the last alteration in the Constitution, which had rendered the Coun cil less liberal and democratic than it was before. When speaking on the Address in-rcply. he pointed out— and he was one of the first to use the argument— that a nominee Upper House ? was much more amenable tu the will of the nebple than one elected on a restricted franchise. This was absolutely demonstrable to the most ordinut-y intelligence. A nominee . Upper House was nominated by the Government or Executive, which could not exist unless it had the support of the popular House, [f measures were passed by the Lower House, and rejected by a nominee Council continually, it was only necessary for the Ministry to add a, sufficient number oi members to the second Chamber and the measures would be carried. There must, however, be some strong popu lar demand, and it must be shown clearly that it was the determined wish of the ma jority of the people before the power of adding to the Second Chamber was exer cised. They bad an instance recently in New- South Wales in connection with fed* ration. The Bill was rejected by the Up per House, and Mr. Reid, who was then Premier, having nominated a snfBcknl number of additional members to ensure a majority, the measure was again sent there and passed. (Mr. Warren — 'Then he was kicked out.'i Mr. Reid remained in nowei for a considerable time after that. Undei the nominee system then the Ministry, which must be in touch with the ponulat House, could add to the Upper House until the passage of popular measures wa, assured. Under a ' restricted franchise' foi the Legislative Council the ultimate p-v*ei really rested with a section of the people -Hbey did'not give in they could block,', :im? alter time, any popular measure, how- 1 -vcr strongly it was endorsed by the will -f the people, and apparently there was no remedy. The nominee -House 'was. much nore amenable to public opinion than that ected on .a restricted franchise. (Mr. Charleston— 'What ; is the experience tiere?'') They could see that in connection irith the history of this franchise reduction movement. The Council had thrown out measures, which had been clearly shown to -e desired by the people of South Austra lia. Hut let them examine* a little further the statement that the Constitution of the Legislative Council of South Australia was one of the nio*t liberal in the world. He found that in America, Cape Colony, Swit zerland, and in many other countries where lere were two Houses, they were both, elected on the same franchise. Yet in Ame rica, for instance, he bad not noticed that the demagogues or extreme Radicals had the dominant power. If there were any country in the world where the power of wealth and property hud greater effect than another it was America. Let them consider the ter rible power of rings and trusts and other centres of that sort. It did not follow, ten, that because. there were two Houses elected on the mine franchise that supreme power was given to Radicals or the bulk of he people to promote legislation of a con fiscatory nature, or to endanger the stabili ty of property. He found that in Canada iere were certain provinces with only one ouse. Ontario had only one. and British Columbia, Xcw Brunswick. Manitoba, and Prince Edward Island were other exam ple*. (Mr. McGregor— 'How do they get onT') They all seemed to progress with out the fearful consequences prognosticat ed as a result. of the passage of this Bill, n many instances these provinces had formerly two Houses, but were now quite content to thrive snd prosper. with one, ccted on adult suffrage. (Mr. Warren— ''How many have two, after trying onet') to did not know of a single instance. (Sir Edwin Smith— 'You wish to abolish this House*') He was a strong believer in the bicameral' system, but con sidered that the two Houses should be based upon a francfai.ee sufficiently broad to enable the will of the people to be given effect to in legislation. The con tention has . been made . that property should have .-ome s|-ecial legislative pro tection. It has lieen argued that, the Legislative Council was elected for the protection of property. He denied that altogether. The protection of property was one function of both Houses, and especially perhaps of the Council, but heir main consideration was undoubtedly he welfare of the people. In framing the Federal Constitution the fifty best men in Australia decided that property should tave no special representation in either louse, notwithstanding the great national interests which came within the sphere of ederal government. (Mr. Howe — 'The and is not taken over by the Federation;') The federal authority possessed the su preme power of busing it. and propertv was given no special consideration as far as the election of the Federal Legislature was concerned. (Mr. Sandford— 'All the more reason why it should have it in the States.') What was the use of a . little protection in the States if the Federal Par iament could tax the land as it pleased it was like stopping the spigot and opening tlie bungholc? It had beeu contended that the Senate was in a different jKwition to the Legislative Council, but if the Senate was not an Upper House, and had not to perform the duties of an Upper House, then the Federal Constitution must be without an Upper House at all. (Mr. _Ward— 'Do you think the Federal Consti tution is perfect?') He had merely instanc ed it as the latest example of a constitu tion, framed by the fifty best men in Aus tralia, and endorsed by tbe people as a whole. Thtre had not been any protest against thp Senate being based upou the widest possible franchise. No one had at tempted to propose that there should be a property qualification for that Chamber, ?whatever might be the objections rniscd to other part* of the Bili. I Mr. Ward— 'But it -hould have been done.'t The ob ectioiif. of Mr. Ward and some others were out- tin* \'oiees of a few crying in the wilder ness. Now as to the assertion that the nas ragc of this Bill would enable the Labour Party to dominate legislation iu South Aus tralia, and carry measures to the injury of .property.. Let them look at the power of the Labour Party and its position thus far in the Parliament of South Australia. They fnm»d' that in the House of Assembly, which was elected on adult suffrage, the Labour njembers were but a fifth of the whole. Yet all it was proposed to apply to the Legixlntivc Council was household suf frage. Although on the widest of franchises the people had every opportunity of giving the Labour Party a dominating influence in the Lower House, there had never been more than 11 or 12 members returned at the general ckctious. Take the election of representatives of the colony for the Fede ral Convention. That was conducted on adult suffrage, erery one of twenty-one years of age in South Australia having the right to vote. What was the result? Xot a Labour, member was selected, and be had always contended that it was the one blot upon that representation that so large and important a bodv should not have one delegate. It did not follow, then, that because the franchise was extended that the Labour Party would obtain a pre dominating influence, although as far as South Australia was concerned .any in fluence which the Labour Party had* thu« far been able to exercise had been icr tbe good of the colony, and in favour of popular measures, both for the countrr -and the city. It had been tbe practice of opponents of popular measures when unable to advance pertinent arguments like ly t«- carry any weight, to raise bogeys and forecast, objectionable things as likely to result. They would remember how when progressive land taxation was proposed its opponents said it would mean the intro duction of the single tax. Now, failing convincing arguments against household suffra'p,' its opponents were raising the cry that it meant representation on the basis of population. This was done to create un easiness in the country districts, who fear ed that centres of settlement with their greater population would be dominant. Therefore the opponents harped on this cry for all they were worth. If it had been shown that the proposal for representation on the basis of population had been pissed ?by the House of Assembly, and that tht Legislative Council was standing in the wav there might be some force in the argument, but no such proposal bad ever been made there, let alone carried, and therefore the passage or rejection of the House hold Suffrage Bill had no bear ui whatever on ' the question. Before members could show that the libe ralizing of the Council would bring disas ter to the country districts, thev mutt show what measures bad been passed in the House of Assembly and had been block ed, by the Legislative Council. (Mr. Sand iord— 'rree breakfast table.') In a few months the Federal Parliament would have control of the Customs, and Mr. .Sandford would not be able to frighten the people with the cry of shifting the taxation from the necessaries of life on to t lie -land. He promised. Mr. Bice that he would indicate what the Government intended to' do' in view-of federation coming into force. Con siderable powers would be taken from the local ParlUmeute, and as great expense would be entailed in supporting two Parlia sary. The Government proposed that the number of members should be reduced by one-third, and that the number ot Minis ters should be reduced by one, at any rate. With regard to the rearrangement of dis tricts, a Select Committee or Royal Com mission would be appointed to report. The experience of the other colonies recently showed the evils of conflicts between the Houses. . In New South Wales there was a conflict with regard to federation, and' it was overcome by adding' members to the Upper House. In Victoria the' Council bad thrown: out a Bill for adult suffrage, and quite recently it had .thrown it out again. In Western Australia the Upper House was blocking- the way of au justing the consti tuencies. All this showed that until some logical and permanent basis was adopted these, conflicts would continue.- After all, it was not a question of how many times a Bill had been carried by the Council, whether it affected city or country dis tricts, -whether it gave more votes to wo men or men, or whether it strengthened or weakened the Council. Tlie real question was— Is tlie proposal fair and just? Was it right that one-third of the people* should have the right to determine the legislation for the three- thirds? (Mr. Ward—They can deny; they can't create.') They could cause stagnation, and prevent any advance being made. Were the Council to have these 70.000 electors continually knocking at tbeir doors? If they gave a vote to those who had some stake in the country they would give general satisfaction, and do away with the great cause for further agi tation. Tin's was no, passing agitation. In the Federal Constitution they had given every man and woman a vote for both Houses. (Mr. Howe— 'You know there is oo analogy between the Senate and the Upper House.') The Senate had to per form all the functions of an Upper House. The people would be reminded even- three years of the difference between the two PartiamenU. The national Parliament of Australia was to be elected by all the people,' and the State Parliament, with oriy petty, provincial interests to consider, was elected by a few of them. The elec tions every, three years would be a per petual' protest against the existing state of things. Yv nether the matter was shelv ed now. or not it was not going to be settled until the people had the rights that irtre dUe tb-lhehi:- ' Tlie diffifulty^irourd-| irise like a ghost even- three years,, ^nd.' rould compel settlement, eitlier- .ori'^ufe*' fines proposed or tbe more advanced ewes . jf adult suffrage. He comended the rBUL' to tbe House, and a^ed^members to vote; for.ik «»., v- .'..a v ? -»-. -W *-*' & ?'~l Tbe Hon. J. L. STIRLING moretL'tbe adjournment of the debate. ? ? ' The Hon. A. R. ADDISON asked if the President would (rule whether- Mr. ^Gor don's amendment was an .amendment, to the Bill, or whether it would, have, to be iktciKseu* separately. ''''v-: , v The PRESIDENT-It w an .-amendment on the motion. The motion is that 'the Bill be read a second time, to which Mr. Grordon lias given notice of an amendment. The Hon. E. WARD— If it is carried the BUI will not lie amended. The PRESIDENT— Of ccuwe not Tlie motion is thxt the Bill be read a second time. The lifll is only amended in Com mittee. ,.-... , # The motion was .carried, ;and'tilie. ad journed .debate fixed for -Tuesday, next. OROWN LANDS CONSOLIDATION '?? BILL. In Committee. On clause 37, the CHIEF SECRETARY', replying to the Hon. J. Warren, said he in tended to *ee the draftsman ugain for $e purpose of having one or two limitations as regards the quantity of bind, to be held. There was, horrcver, no inconsistency in the clause. ?__ . In clause 38. the CHIEF SECRETARY moved to add to the clause— ''The power of forfeiture contained in a perpetual leawe granted after the coming into operation of The Pastoral Act Amendment Act; 189S,' shall be subject to the provisions of Sec tions 26 va 37 of such Act.' The Hon. J. WARREN asked if it would not be well to specify the Tenants' Relief Board. The Hon. J. V. 0L0GHL1N would leave the numbers of the section* blank, then. Hon. J. . WARREN suggested that they should strike out .the words ''granted after the coming into operation of the Pastoral Act Amendment- Act, 1898.' Hon. J. Y\ O'LOGIILIN felt sure that these word.: were necessary, or the draftsman would. nor- have inserted them. Amendment agreed f-5. as suggested by the Chief: Secretary. Clauses 39 and 40 passed. Clause 41— Hon. -I. WARREN moved to insert after 'land.** in the fourth Kne 'pro- vided that if the land, or any portion there: of, be resumed for public purposes other than those specially mentioned herein, the resumption shall not take place until the approval of Parliament is first obtained.' They did not want 'a repetition of the Mal colm leases case. Hon. R. S. GUTHRIE suggested that the amendment should be redrafted. (Hear, hear.) Amendment negatived. .: ' Clauses 42 and 13 passed. . ', ? -? ? On clause 44, Hon. J. 'WARREN movid to add— 'Provided that the lessee shall have a right of appeal to the Tenant*' Re lief Board, wbo.se decision shall be final.' Hon. J. V. O'LOGHLTN said the TVnants' Relief Board was not appointed to deal with rents at all, but to consider leases which had been forfeited. Hon. J. WAR REN paid an excessive and unjust rent might be fixed, and yet there was to be no appeal. (l'%ief Secretary— ''You may as well discharge tbe Land Board altogether, if you adopt this. ') Hon. W. RU.SSELL considered the amendment amounted to an expression of want of confidence in the Land Board, which was composed of excel lent men. doing excellent work. Hon. J. WAllREN said the mere existence of the Tenants' Relief Board would prevent many appeals. Amendment carried by 14 to 6. Clauses 45 to 48 passed. On clause 49 Hon. J. WARREN said as the section stood the Commissioner could reduce the value of improvements to the outgoing lessee, and fix the rent as he liked. He moved to add a proviso similar to clause 6 of the Pastoral Act of 1898 to enable the outgoing lessee to appeal to the Tenants' Relief Board to fix the amount of rent and the price for improvement?. The CHIEF SECRETARY objected to the amendment, which was another attempt to transfer the duties of the Land Board to another Court. They did not want a number of Boards discharging tbe same functions. Amend ment carried. Clause 30— 'Existing holders of land may conu in under the Act.' Hon. .1. WARREN moved to strike out 'at the time of tlie passing .of the toown l.Juids Act, 1888.' Carried on the Chairman's casting-vote, -the division being 10 to 10. On Clause 31— ''Lessees of lands reserved for leasinc may coiue under this Act* —Hon. J. WARREN moved to strike out 'at the time of the |MsKin;r of the Crown Lands Act, 188S.' Negatived by 11 to 9. Clauses f-2 and 53 parsed. . Clause 34— Hon. J. WARREN moved to .-.mend the clause so as to provide that the rent fixed under the last preceding ncrtion xhall be chnrged as from the commencement of the new Iea*f. HonJ J. V. OLOGHLIN said the provision in the Bill had lieen the law since 1889. Hon. J. WARREN knew of a case hi tbe Hundred of Grace where a man had been prevented from taking a perpetual lease simply because he had to pay down in ca.--ii more than the value of the land, not withstanding that all th«- rent that was due had been paid. Hon. J. Y. O'LOGHLIN said those who bad completed' their pur chase would not benefit, and surely the Inn. member did not want . thit .persons w!ii* bad paid .tbeir rent 'should have a, re fund. - (Hon. J. Warren— *T want tliat the rent shall start from the new lease.') Amendment nejritived by 12 to-7- ? . . - - . ?: Clauses 55 to 60 passed. Clause 61— 'Sur- render of a^rvementb and leases/' Hn. J. WARRKN moved 1o sink* out in tub section 2 'but -the rent reserved .by the lease to be granted in exchange for a sur rendered lease shall in' no case be less than the rent covenanted to be paid ? under the original lease.' The CPUEF SECRETARY said if lessees ware invited to ap ply for reductions of rent they would doubtless do so. This ocened up a. great question. Hon. J. WAR REN urged that it the Board hail power tn increase the rental in tfic event of the land increasing in value the Board should also be allowed to reduce tlie rent if the land de preciated. Hon. »T. H. HOWE supnorteil the amendment. Hon. J. V. O'LOGHLIN was aroused at Mr. Warren supporting one kind of Board one moment and the Ten? ants' Relief Board another. (Hon. J. War ren— 'They are different matters.',) Amendment carried. Clauses 62 to 72 passed. - Committee to sit again- next day. ADJOURNMENT. The Council at o p.m. adjourned until to-dav at 2 o'clock. 