FISHIKG. Notes. Br ' FxiOhb.' Teeth, scales, and position and structure of tbe fins go far to enable the scientist to determine what class a . fieh belongs to. Considering the paucity of our local knowledge, and the fact that there is no popular work understandable of the multitude dealing with New South Wales fish, it seems strange that there have not been wore students of this branch of zoology. The few local Kmnhnraa nnnn fha sfriinlnp^ ftf litre*! fi&Vt; wiflt plates showing in black and white the general out ward contour of fish are mostly Government pro* ductions, and they are couched in abstruse language. How many people are there who can tell^the anal from the pectoral fins or know that operculum means the gili-cover. The first book a student of ich thyology should place in his library is Dr. Qunther's ' Study of Fishes.' It was compiled by the learned director of the zoological section of the British museum nearly 20 years ago, and it is still the standard text book. There s not a waste word in the book, and all the technical terms UBed in describ ing a fish are fully explained. The advent of large BhoalB of garfish into the harbours and estuaries of the coast has been heartily welcomed by the net fishermen, and anglers should also hail their arrival at a time when the ordinary baits of yellow- tail and mackerel are scarce. Garfish as a bait is relished exceedingly by schnapper, flathead, and the swift-swimming horse- mackerel, king eampson, salmon, and jewfish. A well-known champion fisherman carried out an interesting circuit of bread to bread in bis indul gence in the sport thus. With a piece of bread he mixes up some tough little bait and fishes with fine lines and fly-hooks for yellow-tail. Having his yellow-tail he uses their flesh for the capture of horse-mackerel. The horse-makerel he swings out alive on floating lines for salmon and king-fish. These wheu caught he salts down and uses as occasion offers for the capture of sharks. From the sharks he extracts the liver oil, which is of consider able value, and the he ids he receives a royalty upon from tbe Fisheries Department. Tbus he raises money which in turn buys the bread, so that the circuit mav be comoleted The varietv and interest of all the branches of this business in connection with the sport of fishing make it interesting to fisher men. Many of tbe rivers are become unduly filled in their tidal p rtions with blubber. A fresh will shift them to eea in short order. A fish called the morocoto, a fresh-water in habitant of the Orinoco Jhver in South America, possesses a set of molar teeth which would be no disgrace to the mouth of au old man jumbuck. The morocoto iB a vegetable -feeder, and its flesh is .highly esteemed by the Indians. An outing of the A.F.A. occurred at Cnmo on the 15th instant, when Mr. £. Morris secured the two-guinea trophy presented by Mr. J. Wills, of Como. The catch was a small one, but the variety and quality of tbe fish caught were excellent. Now that attention has been called in this columu to the fishing resort at St. George's Basin, it does not surprise one to find dozens of city sportsmen at the place. Tbe route is by train to Nowra, thence coach to Bomaderry, aud buggy to Jacob F'lmos's place at the Basiu. Mr. H Jose land, of this city, on a recent trip, caught a 41b. 3oz. black-bream and brought it to Sydney. Schnapper fishing is got about 12 mileB from the house after a pleasant eaiL That regular aquarium ground, the northern shore of B tany Bay from La Perouse to Pufsy-cat, always yields a mixed lot of iish of various coloura. I lave seen over 20 different species of fish repre sented in one haul by a hoat party with lines off Barn Island, between the island and ' the bumbora. Messrs. J. Anderson, W. Franks, and J. Jones last week had a good mixed haul off Pussy-cat, which included a 251b. blue-groper. It was caught by Mr. J. Anderson on a floe hemp line, a little 50 yard line whose breaking strain was 81b. dry. It was beautifully handled until another line which bad been left out fouled the fish. Tbe two linps then had to be hauled in till tbe fish was withiu gaffing distance. The head of the fish weighed 7}lb. It is being preserved. It will be welcome news to the breamers of George's Biver tbat the black-bream have made a re -appearance. This time they will probably stay, and thoBe who take the trouble to moor fore and aft and wait for two hours without the ghost of a nibble will get the big fellows. One of the t-est things to use to bring the fish about is a perforated tin filled with kitchen scraps, bran, pollard, ancient and fishy prawns or herrings, and so on. This may be hung out so as just to touch the bottom, and an oscilla tion occasionally will make its presence felt, if not ' smelt/' in the neighbourhood. Fish are exceedingly plentiful at the entrance to Tuggerah Lake. The hum of fish moving through the water in vast sboals at night iB no fancv just now. The garfish and whiting are of fine size, and present iu great numbers. Camping parties at Tug gerah will have a good time, weather permitting, at Easter. Folk must often think tbat the fishing column of a popular paper has elastic edges, and when I make the statement that hundreds of whiting 21b. weight and over have been caught in tbe last two mouths at Lake Macquarie, I do so with the full belief that numbers will discredit the statement. Nevertheless it is a solid, unvarnished fact. The Malays have a little pet fish which they keep in large glass bowls. The fish is the shooting fish, or Toxotes jtculator, and the little fellow's game ia to lie ia covert under Bome weeds growing on tbe water until a fly settles on a leaf overhanging the water. Then he Bticks his little beak out of the water, and pops off Ms prey wiih uuetring precision with a drop of water. When the fly falls he attends to its funeral. Several satisfactory hauls have been reported from Sandriugham and Sans Souci, in Botany Bay, lately. The usual plan adopted is to drift about haii-a-mile out iu the bay until ti-e fish, are met with. Then the kellick is dropped, aud the place fished out. The Drummoyne Fishing Club held itB inaugural outing on the 18th iuBtdut at Bird Island. The sea was not in too good a humour, and the wind beiog from the south the haul was not large. From the North Coast rivers comes the news that the recent freshes have brought down discoloured water, which has cairiedthe sea and estuary fish fur ther down towards the mouths of the rivers. The perch and fresh- water herrings have received a shove down . stream, and being in biting vein, some good bays have been made. Folk who have used the spinning baits for the first time ou these rivers without success are advised to persevere, but it the fish are taking natural baits freely, it is better to stick to the latter. Schuapper are uo way esteemed in Westralia. On very sound authority I hear that schnapper over 401b. weight are caught along tbe coast, but tbey are not highly regarded as food fish, being tough and coarse. It will be remembered that an exodus of foreign net fishermen occurred from here to the Perth Bjsin in the west a couple of years ago. These gentry have so thoroughly succeeded in netting the great shallow area that Btiingent regulations have been passed restrict! -ig their operations. Jewfish of 4lb. are much prized as food fish in the west. The Fresh Food and Ice Co. some time ago made an attempt to initiate a trade in fish between the nettere of Port Stephens and the city, but tbe result was no way encouraging; to the compauy. The netters were not satisfied with a fair price and a re gular market, aud have gone back to their old head nr tail business, sometimes losing the lot of tbeir fish on board the boat which rnus to Newcastle, and sometimes making a ' rise ' through hitting the market luckily. 