THEATRE AXD MUSIC HALL IK LONDON. (From our Special Correspondent .) London, June 23. 1S99 In the new skit *'Pot-Pourri' at the Avenue The.ure all the social, theatrical, ard artistic folk of the day are introduced aad Kooa-iiiiiureuly caricatured. Every body's pcrmirsiun was, however, asked, in the do*reerd verse of the programme — ?' 'Ere 'twas decided to thus represent Any prominent l.idy or eminent jrenL, Tne_ Udy or gent had the chance to say For iwrmission was asked ia a very nice way.' The majority of those communicated with were agreeable to be caricatured, but there were some refusals. The Bishop of Wake field expressed his unwillingness thus: — 'The jiishop of Wakcfield desires to say that, while he is quite sure you would in troduce nothing offensive into your pro posed reference to him on Hie stage, jet be cannot consent to anything of the Laad.' Is tiiis because he has not seen the play? Mr. Arthur i'incro's letter was very cor dial:— 'UTtaiiily, you may have me im personated in your -Revue' if the entertain ment demands it. Justice will, ] hope, be tempered viih mercy on the occasion.' grange to relate, Darling and his Austra lian tosm objected u- being impersonated but the great 'W.G.' writes:— '1 have not tlie slightest objection to granting your request.' Some of the answers were models for the lewcr-writcr who desires to cultivate a brief style. Thus Mrs. Brown Potter— 'Yes;' -;corKe 11. Sims— 'Don t make me ugly, as my youth and beauty an? my stock-in-tr-aiie;- Miss Mary Moore— 'Certainly, wiih pleasure: 1 am sure 1 shall be safe in your hands;' Syd ney Gruniiy— 'Impersonate awav;''.TosepU Hattou— 'Why, certainly; do' what, you like with me: I know it will be kindly done;' IT. W. I.ucy— 'Certainly, if yon think it worth while, and can get anyone kill enough for the part;' Alfred 11 arm s- worth — 'If you think I am any attraction you may certainly impersonate me;' (icoiye .Newn.'s — ''I have r.o nlijwtion «i you doing what you propose;' the Ijord Mayor — '1 have no objection to you iin ln=Tsoii.i1 injr me in your iwir piece:' 11. M. Stanley — 'Vou are welcome to wee my impersonation in your musical play;' Henry liibouchere — 'By all mcaiis.' While Lord Koberts had no objection. Lord Wolseley felt such impersonation 111 i till t lead to grave abuses, and therefore could not Rive his cucouragement. or sanc tion. (General Booth's private secretary thought his chief would consider any im personation 'most distasteful.' I^nuis de KjHiftciiiont, writing from 13, illoomsbury sUwt, W.C., raid— '1 have muen pleasure in saying that you may impersonate «nc in such manner as in your good taste (ind good feeling you uiay consider fair and iiro l-er.' T1»e Charing Cross Hospital Bazaar, in progress this week, is the smartest philan thropic affair of the season. The Queen rent £250; the Prince of Wales, and Royalties galore, patronised it, and all the bis theatrical 'stars' lent a hand. What do rou think of this for a. ea.--t of W. 1). Howell's 'The Mousetrap': — Mr*. Oirwcn, Miss Ellen Terry: .lane, Mrs. Kcndal; Mrs. Miller. Miss Gcnevicvc Ward; Mrs Roberts, Mrs. Tree; Mrs. IScmis, Miss Julia Xcilson ; Mrs. Somers. Mi.-as Winifred Emery; Willis Campbell, Mr. Frank Fen ton. The souvenir (seHing at half a guinea) contains one or two good stones. Most of the leading musicians, painters, and authors have contributed to the volume. Mr. Sydney Grundy relates an amusing anecdote of the commissionaire at the stage-door of the Haymarket Theatre. One afternoon he was waiting there to sre Mr. Cyril Maude, and commenced smoking in the corridor, whereupon the old war rior said, 'Mr. tJnindy, sir. I smoke a pipe myself, and it does my heart good lo sec you smoke vours — yon do enjoy it so; but, sir. when you smoke it in that I»assage it becomes my duty to tell yon that you infringe the rules of the Hay rr.arket Theatre.' Mr. Grundy handed the man half-a-crown as, an acknowledgment oT his strict attention t» duty. '1 thank you, sir,' was the reply, ' but tile attendants at the Jlaymarket arc strictly forbidden to accept gratuities.' Miss Fanny Wcnlworih, who has been doing very well since her return from Aus tralia, gave a concert — I beg pardon, ?'re- cital' is the fashionable term— at Sleiu way Hall- on Wednesday. The lady intro duced many amusing items, but I incline to think the cleverest was her pianoforte transcription of 'Ker polden hair w.is hanging down her bade,' supposed to Ik trratei! by various famous coniTos*-rs. At first the melody is rounded off In- Men delssohn, then it becomes a Mozart ian minuet, next we her.r it as a sentimental love song of Gounod, until it is suddenly transformed by Grieg, and shortly after wards chances to a Chopin mazurka, to be finally lost in the musical maelstrom of a Li«?.t rhapsodic. The skill displayed bv Miss Wentworlh at the pianoforte was uni versally recognised and warmly applauded. Alain she metamorphosed -t tiny air of four notes only into a church voluntary. As a contrast, to these remarkable musical feats. Mi?s Wontwoi-th *ang a new planta tion song. 'IJaddy's givinc ter brine yer something nice.' This, with a childish melody, '-»oo-goo-eoo,' gained hearty ap nlanse and recalls. Miss Wcntwnrth's final effort was in a burlesque sketch, in which Mr. It. If. Lindo wrote a ]-orlion of »i,P i-hi^'tn (he ladv «ifii'----'«isr the niusi. oi the following snnrrs:— 'The riippo|H-- tamus and the tlca. ' 'Jt looks well on Uie bills,' 'P.nvril.'' and a burlesque linalc witli imitations. The run of 'Sweet T.avender' at Terry's concluded on Friday last, when Mr. Tern played the erratic Phenyl for the 1,721st time. Pending Uie production of 'San Toy' at Daly's Theatre, Lettv Lind has talcen an engagement at the Alhambra, and is warb linn there nightly a selection of her favo riie kitties. In a rpernl, ititorvipw on li»r new departure the little lady expressed the o:-iiiioii that the dividing line Iwtween the music hall and theatre might be less jjro nouneed even than it is. She could see no reason why some of our great actresses should noi appear at the lialls when they have no other engagements, and sing or recite something worth listening to. Many. of course, have done so already. It teenis «niy i\\\e other -!av. indeed, that we were listening to the faultless elocution of poor Amy Roselle at llie Empire: Mr. Hnrry Paulton, a icvr we--ks afro, was dWi'-hlin'g Palace audiences with comic lectures, .nnd quite recently Miss Laura Liadon and Mr. Frank Wy.itt apueared at the Tivoli in one sketch, and Mr. .T. L. Shine in another. The exix?rience of Miss Ada Reeve supplies a curious and interesting jiegniivc to the contention that there i? any line of demar cation between the halls and the legitimate. Miss Reeve. .i.- we .-ill know, was originaliy traiui»d at ih-^ tiie.nrrs. bnf she owes much of her suefc-^s to ths n.iinc slie made at tlie hall?; and Iiko_Ka;ie Seymour, J.ottic Col lins, Connie Kili.-s. and others she gravi tated (oivanls her origin.il training ground. X«w s-hc is exhibiting her delightful talent alternately at the Comedy Theatre and the Palace every evening— an experience that \vr ariniit is ;lie I'l of voit few but 't is one thai knocks down completely any bar rier i'i.xi ;my lv nut up bel^«Ti tlie rcgu l.ir anil inegular houses. Miss Reove. hy dip w.iy. a]:.o appeals i:i '.San Toy' pre scn^iy. I cannot, triih a clear conscience oon gr.ituUie cs-]'rofe--or Ciibert Murray on what is understood to be his first at tempt in dramatic literature. 'Carlyon Sahib.'' which Mrs. Patrick Campbell pro duced at the Prince oi Wale.-'s Theatre, Kennington. on Monday last, is a by no means good specimen of well-u-atered Aficl:»hi melodrama. Sir. Murray's hero. Sir David Carlyon, formerly political agent in JShojal. enjoys the reputation of having been a vigorous Anglo-Indian administra tor, but though his voice and manner arc soft and --gentle. his habits are _ bad, and his morals atrocious. Xot content with deliberateiy murdering his illegitimate offspring, he has wilfully infected the wells in his province with cholera germs, for no other reason than (lie fart that it was, in his opinion, expedient at that moment, on political grounds, to drive the peofile of iihnjal to revolt. As hi'. o;«-nly discourses of these and other dark deeds in convertilions with his be.iutifr.! daughter Vera. it is clear that he Miffcrs i;o pangs of remorse, but he is clearly uneasy at the thought that his mis deed-- m.iy be brought to light, particularly as hiss daughter's lover, one Adeane, is going to Bhojal. and is a staunch friend of native races. Carlyon's attempt to induce hie d&ujjiter; to join him in a scheme foe frustrating Adeane'e trip only inaulto ta Vora going to Bhojal to look after ber le ver, for the young lady, who is a student «E medicine, has discovered that he is eofer ing from an obscure disease of the bnxn and tlie optic nerve. To Ithojal also come« Carlyon to look after his daughter, bat he is stabbed with a poisoned darcer by a native who has evidently some i.uov. ledge of that little affair of the infected wcUs. Vera. (hanks to the aid and advice of her friend. Dr. Uheinhardt, is able to cure her iomr of his ailment, and the play ends with tsv prosjiect of a happy marriage. Mrs. Pair rici Csmi^jeU \A&\a Vera wiUt spirit teal force, and Mr. Nntoomlw Could does has licst to unite with bis well-bred aad mar- . tcous tone some suggestion of the villains of the wicked Sir David, bat the nfede concc^ition of the play is too cvtravacasfc to bo taken seriously. Tbe two German doctors, however, are clever rfwarter sketches, particularly StciamclJ', tie typi cal modem i-scudo-«cieiitist, who gains * reputation by talking coniiaeotly about mi crobes and anti-toxins. Mr. lUand Holt's agents will be «ne te keep an eye on Hie new melodrama, by Seymour Hides and G. Lathsm, to be pro ducer! at the Adelphi in August. Ko name has been selected \ct, but Uie pJot is, te a fJight extent, indicated hy the fcyomaa of scenery:— Act I.— The Old Bank, Chat ham: Act II.— The lUiliray Statioa. Southampton: Act IU. — The Xrc&l; Mcse. Chatham: Act IV.— On Board IL3I.S. De fianee; Act V. — Dartmoor, the f''*' There arc 13 changes of scenery . On dit that Mrs. Laogirj-, as well aa Ada Rehan will appear in *i*» »mImmii drama at Drury Lane. ^^ An American melodrama, called 'TOie Tornado' filled the Brixton Theatre to tin doors last week. The title indicstea Cfae eapreme sensation scene, but there are ~ many more, and as our old faieuibv tAe musing marriage certificate, the comic . sailor, and the atrocious villain, are w*fi h.: evidence, the piece ought. I tiink, to go ' doK-n well at the antipodes. The 'Era' this week has two ooIodm demtcd to the managerial cxpencnoe at ' George Lcitch, now, one is glad to Irani. : acting-manager of Mr. Penlej-. ; Mr. Wilson Barrett (says the 'fti'} hopes to produce his new play at tfee Lyceum on September 2. 0c has taken the theatre for 100 nights, and Hwggfoie will not go to Australia as. proposed- 3Sg. Barrett finds that A larger proportion rf ^ the |K-pul:ition arc doit theatrc-(pwts-. Be a-ttributcs Uiis. in part to cdmstusa »ad the snread^of cheap literature, which Jiaxc a tendency to widen and broaden fke - imncination, and by creating a more bOA- . '. leet ual lastc to ibrce bad plays out «t fW -. field. ?-?-.- l)r. Conan Doyle's 'Halves,' now leav ing at the liarridk Tfceatre to fair bosnesKy : Ls a rciincd, graceful, and amusing comely of tiie same school as 'A Pair of Spec tacles,'' which, indeed, it rather ?»—*»»* . One wishes, however. Dr. Doyle bad 2ttc ' Grundy's bnowledgc of stagecraft. . .Tie ' latter would never fcave inflicted od Bs a. prologue which half spoils the denoMmttt : of th« piece, and which could be related by '- the characters when required in batt * :.- dozen sentences. The plot (borrowed tra£& \- - from James I'ayn's novel of the caste '- name) is not ncir. Two brotiers asnevat the instigation of their mother, that woes the lapse of 25 years they will meet and ; share equally the worldly goods «ach may liave amassed durine Uie'intervaL Robert. : the elder, goes to Mexico, while WBKam. . the younger, remains at home, becomes » country doctor, marries, and sneaeede ia saving the sum of £4,000. Then EcA«± re- -j turns, and, acting upon an trapolsr. -wiudv * it must be admitted, is neither a very kind- - ly nor a very fair one, determines to pro his brother and his brother's wife «nA - daughter to the test by pretending that. he is in reality next door to pennileat. Hie -? situation is Eafficiently familiar, nor is it difficult to foresee after what fashion orh ; of (he characters will demean him«rlKr self. The difagrcealilc part has of n«ii«. -, to be played by Uie doctor's wife (lln. William), excellently pourtra-ied by Gexal- - dine Olufie, who has been some ame ab sent from the London stage. Thesneate&. : success of the play is, however, achieved : by -«eorge Shelton as John, the Aodbaci '- coachman, bu tier, and factotum. Comjee. - pheHon was always rather overlooked in. Toole's company. When the 'star' fa a low comedian himself he's rather apt not to recognise ability in his own line. So» the critics 'are doing justice to Mr. &bd-; ton. The 'St. X-uries's Gazette' man eajsr —Mr. George Shelton is a comedian wbo has never before had a. fair chance in ton don, albeit his abilities as a character-actor arc- of a very high order. His fanmor is spontaneous and abundant, and he poe sc.vcs the. admirable art of cxpnsane as much by his features as it is given iwm to say with his lips. John, tvitn his love for the gloves, and bis irrepressible predi lection for 'having a bit --ii* every xaaat ' event. i-, in Mr. £lu3ion*s hands, Sn «*? cellent stndy.' ' The new French version of 'Hamlet,'' . which Madame Bcrnhardt has been play-' ing at the Adelphi, is such a. fanago at imbecile, awkward, and uncouth tonwa tions that I doubt anybody ever doing much with it. Berahardt, of course, nates it interesting, but, even lier genius -ymot prevent smiles rising at peculiarly abmijl renderings of familiar passages. The tutth . is that in avoiding the JSeyila ot 'taldng Itljerties with ShakesiHsare*' the nnbapi-r ..-j authors have fallen into the Coarybflie «E a too lrteral uanslation. What is one to . say to ineptitudes like ''Prcndre les axnes contrc un ocean de peincs' and *le -ae(3e cst disloque,' Hamlet being bom 'poor le nicttrc en ordrc' — such phrases reproduce exactly the sense of the English, bat, «fc the sound! All the music is gone oat d it. The poetry of the English disappear* in the prose of the French authors. .Tfee speech of the queen, 'TJicre is a wilkts grows aslant a brook* — as bcautifnl as any thing in all English poetry— is turned from. gold to lead at a touch. The difference be tween the poetic method and the prosaic , is at once evident if one attempts lo Cam the French back again into English. ~Tbe ? roast meats of the funeral were scnvdooU. at the weddine.' It sets the teeth. -m. edge. 'Tlie age is dislocated, and enrsoi am I that I was born to put it an order.'' That is the French turned faithfolly into English. Is jt Ihe language of a poet? Or is it the language of a plumber?. Bembardl's performance of the Danish Prince has excited much criticism and ?at- tracted from Uie lady herself a long »e moustram-e, from which I extract the fol loiving:— '1 am reproatdjeil -with being too ? sprightly, too 'mannish.' It would appear that iu England one must, present Ham let as a melancholy professor of Witten oerg, but 1 assume — because SfaakeSDeate himself says w-— that Hainlet was a 'V*u- dent' of \Vittcnl-eig. It is said that 1 4a not play 'the tradition,' but, where is the tradition? Each actor has his own. ' I am reproached for having moulded my role according to the sixteenth century. Qnile so! The time of Hamlet is undoubtedly the eleventh century, if tlie ferodty of tke play is considered, but its philosophy ts much more lvcent, and the train of **tnrtj^tr is that of a man lefs savage and am polished. Then, again, Shakespeare tpo&E; of cannons, of salvos, of artillery, ana Mes a thousand other technical words, «t«^ are of tiic sixteenth century, and not -of Uie eleventh. I am reproached with vet being sufficiently astonished, not suffi ciently dumbfounded, when I see t!»e ghost; but Hamlet comes expressly to see it. he awaits it, and utters these mjrf^, 1 will speak to it, though hell itself sboidd gape and bid me hold my peace.' These are not the words of a weak or languid person. When the ghost wants to take him aside, he draws his sword against fare fnends, and threatens to lull them if they will not let him paws. That does not be speak a feeble man.' As a matter of fact, none of the Frf^n^i critics accused Madame JJernhardt of 'rnannishness.' Her Hamlet is, in the opinion of most of tis. simply a neurotic boy of unbalanced mind, given at intervals to explosive outbursts, and, as a rule, de pressingly dull, unpicturcsque, and ladktng ?n energy. Of course, there is KmeUuii; to be said for a youUiful Hamlet, as there is for a boy Hamlet, though fat and txw ish together might be inconvenient in re gard to Pirlruickian asfociations. Tile dimculty is Uie words 'thirty years' in the well-known passage put into the month oF the First Gravediggcr. but against this ate many indications in the text, which point to a less mature age; above all, PokmimV warning to Ophelia, that love-sick bojvloe apt to change their minds as they grortn . manhood:— For nature, crescent, does not now alone, Id thews and bulk, but as this temple waxes, The inward service of the mind and eoni Grows wide withal. Perhaps he lovet toc EOW. ? * In the Cathedra] of the AxsumptioB. at Moscow, one of the tombs contains Cfae remains of Saint Jonah, who saved the cathedral from demolition by the Tartan. It is still a crediblv accepted legend ' ia Moscow that Napoleon, in 1812, opened the coffin of Jonah 'to see if he were CtSl incorrupt,' and that the saint shook ln- linger at the invader! 