Passing Notes. It will be interesting to see what Mr. Stead will do now. The good man never sticks to one thing very long, and the rotten eggs and cabbage stalks thrown at him and his female contingent when his Peace Demonstration took place in Hyde Park may damp his ardor perhaps. We are told by the newspapers that the mob would have cheered him if certain middle class people had not turned it against him by shouting for "Joe Chamberlain." It is one thing to pose as the sponsor of the Czar of all the Russias and another to meet with the treatment meted out to all who act for conscience sake. Mr. Stead compared himself with Peter the Hermit at the time when the Peace Conference met in the House in the Wood. Let us watch and see how he acts under the influence of rotten eggs and cabbage stalks. It is worthy of note that His Eminence Cardinal Moran has spoken out very plainly concerning the religious services held for the volunteers going to South Africa. The so-called Church Parade that took place in Adelaide the Sunday before the South Australian boys went away was anything but an imposing ceremony ; and the services held in the other capitals appear to have been very similar. Cardinal Moran says, too, that in his opinion there was no necessity for the volunteers to go at all. Of course, if you want to be popular it is necessary to forget the old-fashioned belief that there are two sides to every story. Neverthe less, we call attention to the statements made by ex-Trooper Duprez, who has just returned to Sydney by the s.s. Demascus, and who refused to fight against the Boers. He tells us that the Transvaal was the freest and best country in the world for the working man until after the Jameson raid. The Uitlanders were only specially taxed to the amount of 18s. 6d. a year, and good men could make £40 a month on contract work. The Uitlanders, he says, were well satisfied with their lot, and the majority of them did not desire the franchise, for they had no intention of settling in the Transvaal. The Boer policemen are simple creatures, and if a man is arrested he can easily square it with the appre hending officer at the nearest publichouse. The only anomalies worth speaking about were the high railway charges and the price of dynamite, and those affected only the capitalists. The petition to the Queen was got up by the South African Lieague, and many men, including him self, refused to sign it. "The whole trouble," says ex- Trooper Duprez, "has been created by the capitalists, who, being refused by the Boer Government an opportunity of introducing cheap skilled labor from sweated countries, desire to get possession of the Transvaal with a view to increasing the dividends of investors by lowering the financial status of its artisans." Since the Jameson raid the Englishmen have been looked on as " verdomd rooineks," bent on stealing from the Boers the land they came to after much tribulation and where they ask to live their own lives in their own way. They point out that the mines are theirs, and would have been worked by them, if the Uitlanders had not seized on every pos sible prospect of wealth before they woke up to the significance of what they possessed. Now they will fight to the death. "If we are beaten," said a Boer to ex-Trooper Duprez, "we will pull Johannesburg to pieces. Don't think that the British, if victorious, will find a stick or stone left in their places. If we men do not live to obliterate the place our women will do it." "I assure you," says ex-Trooper Duprez, " they mean to fight to the bitter end." Little boys with rifles taller than them selves are marching with their fathers to meet the English. Men over 70 are in the army. They are confident that they will win. The war spirit has seized even on the women, who are eager to fight with the men. The mines are all shut down. Ex-Trooper Duprez has been four years in South Africa. For two years he belonged to the Buchuanaland Border Police. The B.B. are practically sol diers, and he helped in the suppression of the Matabeleland rebellion. He was wounded, and then went to Johannesburg, where he has been working as a carpenter. TTi« refusal to fight against the Boers was a matter of principle, and he says in his life he never saw a more pitiful sight than the little boys in knickers and the hoary-headed old men saying good-bye to their relatives and marching off to meet the British. Mr. Coghlan's small book, " A Study in Statistics," deserves the careful atten tion of all men, of all shades of opinion enjoyed in politics. It deals with the decreasing birth rate all over Australia. He shows that in 1885 there were 112,546 women in New South Wales between the ages of 18 and 50, and in 1898 there were 165,767, yet the same number of children were born in each year. Thus the average birth rate has declined in New South Wales about one third, and this, he says, is true of all Australia. "From Maoriland," he writes, "comes the cry that the children are not sufficiently numerous to fill the schools, while in Victoria there are now a less number of children under 10 years of age than in 1891." A generation ago there were nine fertile marriages out of ten ; now there are only eight. The average birth rate is now 20 for every 100 women ; in 1884 it was 30, and the birth rate for the whole continent is 47,000 less than it was ten years ago. The number of children born to women of Australasian birth is about 3*5 ; in France, the lowest in the scale of Euro pean countries, it is 3*4. Mr. Coghlan goes thoroughly into this most important question, and we recommend his little book to both Government and Opposition as well as to the Labor Party. " If we are not getting more immoral," says Sydney Bulletin, "we are becoming more prudent, or shall we say selfish." This decline of the birth rate is a most serious matter for a young nation, and speaks ill for the future of the Australian Common wealth. A large meeting of the Sydney un employed was held at the Town FTa.11 on the 7th inst., with Dr. Zillman in the <?hair, and it was decided that a deputation should wait on the Premier and urge on the Government the advisableness of immediately reorganising the Labor Bureau " on humane principles." It was decided that the evil of want of employ ment is due to social conditions, and that agitation must be carried on, and articles must be written in the newspapers until the idle people are settled on the land. During the past year the average daily attendance of unemployed at the various Labor Bureau of New South Wales has ranged from 150 to 500, and on such occasions as the selection of men for railway work it has run up to 800. During the last year the head office registered 3,843 applicants, and 171 applied from other colonies ; 2,196 were single men and 1,647 married, represent ing 4,941 children, of whom 1,630 were self-supporting and 3,311 dependent on their parents. The bureau sent out 7,228 to work <3uring the year. Qince its inception in 1893 the head office has registered 76,102 names, and sent out 89,549 to work, and the branches have registered 3,758 and sent out 1,189 to work. Mr. Creer estimates that in spite of the great activity in the building trade there are round about Sydney at the present time between 3,000 and 4,000 unemployed men. Several important Labor Bills are now being discussed by the N.S.W. Parlia ment. Of these the Early Closing Bill comes first. It has no enemies, but its friends hold different opinions. The suburban shopkeepers have signed a petition against it, which petition has been presented by the late Premier, Mr. George Beid. About 3,000 small shops will suffer by the Bill. On all sides there is a tendency to eleminate the small man, which is hard lines. It is also pointed out that if work after 6 p.m. is not good for the shop assistant, it is also bad for those who work as tram conductors, &c.; Mr. Affleck has introduced a "Domestic Servants Regulation Bill," which is meet ing with much ridicule; but, nevertheless, legislation for servants must and will come, because they are no longer content to remain outside the Labor movement. Mr. William Lane, founder of the New Australia colony in Paraguay, left Sydney for New Zealand last Wednesday. He was accompanied by his wife and children. He intends to return someday to South America, but not for a long time to come, and at the present time he is writing his experiences, some of which will shortly appear. Mr. Lane looks like a man who has had a bad time, but apparently he has come out on the right side, for he is satisfied and happy. Naturally he does not care to talk "shop." He will, how ever, talk on any other subject, and after five minutes spent in his society, it is easy to understand the magnetic influence he once had over the shearers in Queens land. When asked if he did not think a diary kept during the voyage of the New Australians to Paraguay would have proved an interesting human document, he said emphatically "Yes." He is anxious to see how Flurscheim's scheme is getting on in New Zealand. Humor says that it is not getting on at all. Looking at William Lane one cannot help recalling William Patterson, the founder of the Bank of England, the man who died "pitied, respected, but neg lected," after laying the foundation of England's commercial greatness. William Patterson began life as a missionary in Central America, and being struck with the fertility of the Isthmus of Panama— then called " the Isthmus of Darien"—he ■went to Scotland, and persuaded twelve hundred canny Scotchmen to embark with their wives and children for Central America. The colony suffered great hardships, and Patterson left it "a man of skin and bones" amidst the curses of the colonists. Not long afterwards he drafted the scheme for the establishment of the Imperial Bank, and then he died. Some years after his death, when the bank was firmly established, men remembered what he had done, and his name lives to-day in history. The Melbourne Age has an interesting article on "Doctors and their Fees." It says that civilization is creating an old Man of the Sea in the medical profession, and the members of that distinguished body are rivalling the lawyers in causing apprehension to all except the very rich who can satisfy their demands. The doctor is a necessary evil of human nature. It is useless to say, 4'Don't be sick." We may avoid the lawyer, but we can't avoid the doctor. "Indeed," says the Age, "considering how essential is the skill of the physician and the sur geon in our daily life, the wonder is that we do not hear more of the idea which found expression in the lips of no less an authority than Mr. Gladstone, that the physician should be as much a servant of the State as the guardian of our peace and the defender of our shores." The price the doctor now asks for his work is too high. Society groans under his charges. Something will have to be done before long to fix the fees he may ask and receive. It is the proud boast of the medical profession that it does more gratuitous work than any other pro fession ; but against this we have to set down the bill of £20 or £30 for a small illness or operation. In fact, we are beginning to question the large-hearted humanity of the doctor, at any rate to think of it and wonder about it. Doctors say their profession is overcrowded, and that hundreds of men barely earn a living. Yet people who could afford to pay a moderate bill, and who would prefer to employ their own doctor, go into hos pitals and join lodges because when a doctor once gets into a house they have no idea what it will cost to get him out again. A commercial traveller, writing to the Age, complains that the doctor who attended him for influenza charged him 10s. 6d. a call for six visits, or a total of £3 3s., and that when he had paid for the medicine ordered his week's salary was exhausted. The same doctor attended his wealthy employer, and the same fees were charged to the rich man as to the poorer one. This commercial traveller asks why he is not charged according to his ability to pay, and points out that if he went to a hospital or joined a lodge the doctors would say he was imposing on charity, or taking advantage of an arrangement made only for the poor. "What am I to do," he adds, "if the ordinary practitioner goes on charging me at a rate that is exorbitant when contrasted with my wage-earning power ?" It is not only in Melbourne that people complain of doctors' fees at present. Attention has more than once been called to similar matters in Adelaide. The whole system of doctors' visits and fees wants to be placed on a different basis, not only in the interests of a long- suffer ing public, but also out of regard for that great body of young and capable practi tioners who are trodden down and kept discounted by the laws of a cast-iron etiquette. The profession appears to have laid down a rule that 7s. 6d. is the visiting fee ; and if it does not want to see an agitation for a less fee started, it had better change its tactics. In Eng land middle-class people can get first-class advice for 5s. a visit, and there is no reason why they should have to pay more for the same in Australia. We came across a little story the other day that might possibly apply to some of the doctors on North Terrace. A man's wife was taken ill in London, and he hurried to the doctors' part of the metro polis for assistance. It was midnight. On the steps of each house he saw ghosts. "Don't ring this bell," they said, "we are the people this man lolled." He rushed from house to house, and every where ghosts warned him away. At last he came to a house that only had one ghost on the doorstep, and he laid his hand on the bell. " Stop," said the ghost, " this man has only had one patient during his whole practice. He killed me." We know that doctors have heavy ex penses, large houses' to keep up, carriages to drive, and other things to contend against, but all this only proves that the medical profession, as well as the public, would benefit by certain changes that will have to be made before long in doctors' visits and doctors' fees. It is to be hoped that our readers are keeping a look-out for the great meteoric shower expected this week, and have read the extremely interesting article by Mr. Walter George Bell on the "Leonids," which appeared lately in the " Windsor Magazine." As the article has been largely quoted by the newspapers, most people are familiar with the history of the "Leonids," but in case anyone has not had time to read the daily papers we point out that each night this week and next what are called "falling stars" may be expected to be seen about midnight. Two such showers have already occurred in the present century, and the shower expected this month will be the last. This great Leonid shower is a temporary phenomenon ; afterwards it will have had its day and pass into the unseen. The Leonids have rather a romantic history. Little as it is that we see of them—for the flash of light that first tells us of their existence at the same moment tells us that they have ceased to exist— one of the most surprising discoveries made concerning them is that they are comparatively new-comers to the sun's family, and that probably at no distant time their splendour will have departed— distant, that is, as astronomical time is reckoned. Ages ago they moved freely about in outer space, until their journeyings, or the movements of the sun itself, brought them within the sphere of the sun's attraction. The great French astronomer, Leverrier, calculated that in the year 126 a.d. the swarm approached the sun on a path very different from that in which they now move, and if undisturbed they would have circled round the sun and thence passed out of our system, probably never to return. What, then, detained them ? It hap pened that their path brought them very near to Uranus, so near as almost to graze him, and the gravitational force of that big planet dragged them out of their orbit and sent them off on a new journey round the sun in a closed ellipse in which they can never escape from the sun's dominion. The sun will hold them captive for all time, but the influence of that original pull by Uranus is still making itself felt on .the swarm. Some of the stones were diverted into closer orbits than others, so that the swarm is ever extending in length along its path. Dr. Stoney estimates that seventeen centuries hence the train of the Leonid meteors will have doubled its present length. That being so, it must follow that in the lapse of ages the swarm will be entirely broken up, and the meteors, instead of clustering as at present, will form a complete ring around the whole orbit. 