Yera's Flirtation. CHAPTER XXXIX. AN UNEXPECTED XIUENL) IN THE HOUR OP NEED. The people in tho village woro greatly Btartlcd when tlio news was spread broadcast that it was Margery who had been taken from The Crags when it was wrapped in a winding sheet of flame ; but tho consternation ran still higher when the story leaked out that Margery was Clark's bride, and that ihey had parted on their wodding-day ; that sho had come to The Crags on that fatal night, an unbidden guest whom no one saw enter ; and tho people shook their heads when poor Margery's arrest followed, charged with arson, so quickly on the heels of it, Thoso who remembered her from her baby hood up as a shy, timid, flaxen-haired child, and still later, a sweet and modest young girl, wero emphatic iu their belief that Bhe had never set fire to The Crngs. But the idle scandalmongers, who are always roady to .believe any ill thoy may hoar of a lovely defenceless woman, told each othor that the proving of hor guilt was only a question of timo, as it was a plain case that jealousy most intense had taken possession of her, and promptod her to the terrible deed, and thoy felt no pity in their hearts for lier. Tho news was astounding to old John Carlylo, tho miller. Ho heard it first at tho village tavern, where all of his friends had congregated — as thoy do in littlo hamlets — to discuss all the affairs of tho village folk, and especially any great calamity that hap pened in thoir midst. With a face whito as mavblo, tho old miller hurried home to his wifo. She had commenced to berato him soundly for keeping tho supper waiting, but she Btoppcd short when sho saw his whito faco. ' Groat Lord, John !' slio criod, aghast, ' what can bo tho matter? You look as white as a ghost ! Has anything gono amiss at tho mill ? Has tho dam broken, or — ' Ho out short hor queries with a deop groan as ho sunk into tho nearest soat. ' It's about— Margory,' ho said, huskily, aud tho great lump that rose in his throat cliokod all furthor utterance. 'Woll, what about tho girl?' exclaimed liis wifo, stopping short with hor dishing-up of tho Boup, and looking at him with angry eyes. ' What of her, I say ?' ' I wish to God sho had novor loft us, wifo !' he sobbod, and toars that woro no ahame to his manhood coursed down his rugged cliooks. ' Will you tell mo what you aro talking about, John Carlylo ?' cried his wifo, sharply. ' What do you mean by this extraordinary acting ? If it's to coax mo to tako back that nioco o' yours, I toll you pretty plainly that your now plan haB failed : [ shall novor lot hor cross this threshold — nnvnr. T SftV !' ' Stop !' criod tho miller, hoarsely — ' stop and listen to mo. God has taken vengeance upon us for what wo havo already done to Margery. You turned tho poor girl out into tho cold world. Now ask 'Heaven to pardon you for what lias como of it !' It was tho first timo in a lifo-timo that John Carlylo had oVor darod to speak out his mind fully, frooly, and consoriously to his irato wifo. . No -wonder' Bho stopped snort, looking nslc anco (it liim with wido-opon oyos. ' Will you toll mo what you aro driving at, John Carlylo?' sho criod out again, in exas peration. ' You would try tho patience of a saint ! What about Margory P Has slio written to you, bogging to be taken back, tho vixen ?' ' Ho raised his haggard faco, and tho mourn ful expression in his oyos hauntod hor for many a uiv '*-^1 u ' No, it isn't ft letter from littlo Margy— sho can't como baok to us n 6w,' ho sobbed, bux'ying his face in liis liquids. ' Will you stop making a downright uliot of yourself and toll mo \yliat you aro snivel ling about?' oried tho irato woman. ' Ib is tho girl— dead ?' ? : Ho shook his head, and by degrees sho drew the whole story from him, and whon. ho had finished slio was mute with dismay. 'If you hadn't turnod hor out- '-doors on that cold winter night all that wouldn't 'a' happened,' ho groaned. ' I'm not sorry I did it,' doolarod tho miller's wifo angrily. ' Sho drovo mo to it, ?didn't sho ?,'' 'You might 'a beon moro patient ana boro ;a littlo with tho girl,' lie sobbtfd. ' Margory ?wasn't a bad girl. ' Sho was liko hor mother— a mad will-o - ?tho- wisp,' doolarod tho miller's wifo, Booking ;to dofoud hor action in somo manner. « Don't Bay that, Mariali,' ho oriod. ' Mar -rorv was no will-o'-tho-wisp. I fool that I inm rosponsiblo for all that lias happouod, Mariah, ' ho groauod, riaing hastily from his ?oliair, and pacing oxoitodly up and down tlio ?meagre littlo room. ' it Booms omy yosior day since tho night hoi- poor young mother -liod. You romombor hor,Mariah ? You wasn't vory kind to poor littlo Margery's young inothor, for you wouldn t lot hor oomo fn, you kopt hor on tho doorstop with hoi poor littlo baby in hor arms, I told you thon, Mariali, sho didn't look wo 1. . 'What is tho ubo o£ bringing all that up now ?' muttered tho millor's wifo. ' Wo will lot that^p^ ^ roja.n(j yQU 0£ wjiafc happouod . that night,' lio. aaid. sternly. /'She called to mo piteously, aud ins toad . of bringing hor iu X wont out to lior. W ould ♦ to God it had to be done over again ! My conscience smites me even now when I think of how I went out to hor and sat besido her on the cold doorstep. ' ' Dear old brother John,' she sobbed, lifting her poor wan face to my rugged one, ' I will not come in if your wife doesn't want me ; I do not want to make trouble between Jon and hor — ah, no, Heaven forbid ! Bnt I ave come a long way to see you, John. I — I came because the doctors told me I couldn't live, and I couldn't die without seeing you.' ' ' ' I — I havo brought you a precious charge, brother John,' bUo went on ; 1 you must not refuse to accept it, for she will have no other relative than you when I am gone,' and she drew from her shawl a tiny littlo babe and laid the tender little wee thiug in my great strong arms. ' ' Promise mo you will look after her when I am gone, brother John,' slio whispered, ' and it will make death easier for me to contemplato.' ' ' I'll do it,' I answered. I couldn't boar to see the great tear drops standing in thoBo pretty, wistful blue eyes o' hers. ' You know I'd look aftor the child if anything were to happen to you, Alicia,' I said. ' ' You will have to plead with Mariali to be good to my poor little innocent babe,' she Bobbed ; and as you deal with her so may Heaven deal with you. Toll Mariali that is my dying message to her. Ah, my poor little child ! how hard it will be for you to walk through life without a mother's guid ance and watchful care, tho path is so hard and so weary for a young girl !' ' ' There's no need to bring up all that now, after all those years,' muttered tho miller's wife, huskily, wiping a suspicious moisture from the cornors of her eyes with her gingham ' I want to romind you how poorly wo kept our truBt, Mariah,' ho Baid, Blowly. ' You wore not kind to Alicia's littlo child, and God help me, I blame myself that I 'lowed you to wreak your abominable temper on the girl's defenceless head !' For onco in hor life tho miller's wifo was taken too thoroughly by surprise to find hor tonguo, and for the first time something like fear and respect stirred hor heart for tho man who dared break through tho submission of long years and speak his own mind at last. ' I ask pardon from Heaven that I allowed you to do as' you did to Alicia's helpless little child,' he continued, his wrath rising higher and higher with evory word. ' Your turning her out into tho storm on that, bittor cold winter night was tho last act in the list of your cruelties to h'or, and I say it is on your head — tho troublo Bho is now in.' ' Oh, if it wero to bo done over again, John,' sho sobbod, ' I'd do different— I'd bo a mother to poor Marcrorv. It breaks my heart to hoar of hor lying thero so ill, and she under arrest at that.' ' jWould to God that she would die just where she is!' sobbed the miller. ' Sho must not — sho shall not dio !' cried Mariah Carlylo. ' In the sight of Heaven I will repair tho mischief I have done. I will save hor, and establish her innocence of tho awful crimo of which sho is accused, or dio in making tlio attempt.' John Carlylo reached out and grasped hor hard, toil-worn hand, aud he leaned over and kissed hor as he had not kissod her since tho early days whon thoy were first wed, and tho action caused Mariah's heart to boat with a pleasure so great it was almost pain. Hor hard faco softonod, and tears ran down her oheeks. - ' You aro a n6blo woman, Mariuh,' he ? n ,, t_* Jl ? 1 ? l i.1 ? T Salu, a Kiuacr, uuurur uuuru iimu x wyisl- i know of or droamod of boats in your bosom,' . Slio looked up and Bmilod at him through her tears. It was swoot, after all, to bo in j unison with her husband's thoughts, and to hoar such words as thoso from his lips. ' No matter how dark it looks just now for poor littlo Margery, I will Bavo her if it lays within human power, John,' she said. ' Oomo, get your hat and start. Wo must go to hor at onco. In this hour of need wo must be at hor bedside. In tho hour of sickness or death, Margory may always depend upon mo. I shall save her, novor fear, John.' CHAPTER XL. 'what would the world think if you DE8BBTED MB MOW Tlio condition of Margory puzzled tho dootors tho wholo country round. Thoy all agreed that it was a comatose stato in whioh sho lay, and not death. But how it would ond no ono oarod to predict, and thoso who saw tho offloor paco tho corridor boforo hor door night and day said to oach othor, with toars of pity in their oyos, that Hoavon would indeed bo kind to lot tho girl dio rather than faoo tho fato boforo hor. While thoy watched in silonoo ovor Mar gory stormy scones wore taking placo in anotlior part of tho house botwoon Clark and Vera., . Ho had boon proof against all her ontroatios to remain, and it completely unnorvod Vera to soo tho servants go steadily on with the packing of iis effect's. Lawyor Kingsford und Iub hiindBomo young son-in-law held a long and bittor intorviow, and Yora's mother addod hor tears and ontroatios to thoso of her dauglitor in endeavouring to rooall tho misoliiof that had boon douo, but all to no purpose. Clark was firm in his resolvo to.loavo Vera and go out into tho world— a beggar, as aho had oxpi'ossod it. i Tho mannor in which ho had boen ctupoa and lod into signing his entiro woaltli over to Yora soemed inexcusable to him, and ho told tho family in vory plain languago just what ho thought of a wife and a lawyor who would oonnivo to tako advantage of a man lying ill aud delirious in permitting him to sigji such a dooumont. _ Whon ontroatios failed to movo him Vora rosortod to hystorical toars. « , ' What would the world think, Clark, if you loft mo ?' sho oriod, Hinging liorsolf at lii» foot and dinging to him wildly. 'I would dio of sliamo. You must sparo mo. Stay, only stay, and I will Bign buck overy dollar to yon to do as you plenso with. You —you can spend ovory dollar at it on that womau's trial if you liko. You said you would romuiu if I siguqd it baok, and now, Clark, I hold you to your promiso,' sho sobbod, frantically. Hor griof waB bo iutoriso that Clark was troublod as to what tho outoomo would bo if ho followod out tho plau that ho had mappod out for iumsolf. . -. At last, vory roluctantly, Clark allowod hor to havo lior own way, and, truo to hor pro miso, dospito hor fathor'a soorot advioo, Vora signed baok to lior husband all of his possoBsiona again. ^ Lawyer Kingsford's wrath knew no bounds, and he and his daughter had a bitter quarrel over tho matter tbat night. ' In one moment you havo overthrown the sharpest scheme that I ever planned and car ried out successfully,' he cried. ' I hare told you repeatedly that when a husband's lovo is on the wano a woman's only chance of keeping him from deserting her altogether is to got his property under her control. Then she has the reins in her own hands, and can curb him at will,' ho added, grimly. ' But you did not tell me that Clark would leave me if I did it,' said Vora, with a miser able littlo sob. ' Well, what if he had done so ?' retorted tho lawyer, sharply. ' Wouldn't you have had nearly half a million of money to have recompensed you ? What moro do you women want, anyhow ?' ' All tho money in tho world would not recompense mo for tho loss of Clark, papa,' sho said, adding, slowly : ' And if yonr plan had been the means of sending him from mo 1 should havo hated you forever, wore you twenty times over my father.' ' Do any great favour for a woman in her interest, instead of her husband's, and she will turn about and despiso you for it every timo,' x'eturned tho lawyer. ' But I wash my hands of the wholo affair,' he went on, ' and whatever comes of it you have yourself to thank for giving him tho opportunity of deserting you if ho feels so inclined. Re member, you would always have beon sure of him if you had tho money — he wouldn't have gono far, I can toll you !' ' Clark is different from most mon, papa,' persisted Vera, ' and you ought to kuow it. Finding himself suddenly poor, his pride would havo sent him away from me, if nothing olso.' 'Well you have signed it back again, so thoro'B tho ond to tho matter,' doolared j Lawyer Kingsford. ' I can only add that I hope you will never regret it. I shall watch narrowly what ho doeB, now .that power has been restored to him.' Lawyer Kingsford was not surprised to to learn that Olurk's first action was to retain tho services of thp most eminent doctors in tho country to combine thoir skill in the attempt to save Margery's lifo. When tho fifth day had passed, and thoro was no cliango in tho girl's condition, tho doctors had bnt one reply as to what hor fato would probably be — she would sink quietly into that deep sleep that knows no wakening, and they hopod from tho bottom of thoir hearts that this would bo the case. But in this thoy were doomed to disap pointment. On tho morning of the sixth day tho spell was broken and the life blood drifted Blowly. back through the ice-cold veins. Tho counoil of wise doctors shook their heads in solemn awe, and whispered that it was — lifo ! The nurso who stood noar them uttered a fervent ' Thanlc God !' The groat glad tidings woro received with fervent thankfulness by John Carlylo and Mariah, his wifo. Mrs. Wellington laid hor head on her son's breast and wopt in silence whon sho hoard of it, and Clark — how shall wo portray what his foolings wore ? — ho looked up at tho whito clouds in tho blue sky through the open window and silently thanked God for granting the prayer ho had beon petitioning Heaven with over sinco tho fatal night of tho fire — that poor little Margery's young lifo would be spared. Lawyor Kingsford and his wifo and Vera heard it in uttor silence, and no ono dreamed, savo Ularic, tnat tnoy wouia ratuor nave heard of hor doath. . p Tho village folk watched tho caso with breathless anxiety, realizing that it would bo only a question of a short time now ore tlio girl would bo romovod to tho county gaol, thoro to await hor trial for tho burning of Tho Crags. So great was tho oxoitomont that tho officials wero compolled to accomplish tho removal by night in order to avoid tho excited crowds. | It was a trying timo to Clark Wellington, j Thoso days seemed to have absorbed all t.lm hritrlitiioBs from his bonnv. handsome faoo i and left it wonderfully grave and pale, and many a silver thread found its way among tho fair looks clustering over his broad brow. Ho had engaged tho services of one of tho most eloquent lawyers that money could pro cure ; but tho gontloman had told him candidly that it was his opinion that nothing could savo tho girl,' for tho tostimony against hor was woven into a strong chain of circum stantial ovidenco whioli pointed to hor guilt. The most pitiful oiroumstanoe that ovor oould havo ooourrod had happened to poor Margory — sho had lost hor mind oomplotoly. Up to tho day of her mnrriago with Clark and tho evening whioh had followod whon alio had been so bitterly jealous of her husband of a fow hours trying ovor now duots tit tho piano with Vora, and how sho had hurriedly loft tho room, going out into tho grounds to sob hor heart out under tho pity ing trees, sho remomborod woll, but from that fatal moment everything was n blank to her. How sho camo to bo in tho tower of Tho Crags,, and what sho was doing thero, tho poor girl oould not even oonjooturo. Wnon ivLargory iiaa uwiutouuu xruui uur tranoo, she quite boliovod that it was still hor wedding-day with Clark, and it would have broken a heart of stono to havo heard hor murmur tho namo of hor young husband, and Boon lior hold out her arms to Clark as ho stood by lior bodsido. '? Thon sho loolcod around in bowildermont at tho strange faces and strango surroundings about lior. It foil to tho lot of Clark's motlior to break by dogroos tho wholo Btory to Margory : .that sho was no longer Clark's wife, that Vora was in hor plaoo, and all tho ovonts just as tho good woman know tliom, np to that ho\n\ Poor Margory's . agony know no bounds, and hor horror upon hearing that sho was und'or arrest for tho burniug of. Tho Crags was hoart-ronding. The girl graspod Mrs. Wellington's hand and boggod hor to boliovo her whon slio said boforo Hoavon and hor angol mother that sho folt quito sure in hor own lioart that sho oould novor havo dono it. ? ti Ynti tliinlr vnn flul not Jo it. BODUOd tllO dear old lady, lior poor old lioart fairly wrung with griof for Margory, ' but you aro not quito sure. Ah, Margory, how muoh thoso words moan I' _ ' You say tho ovidenco is all against mo, whispered Margory, looking up at hor with groa^ dilatod oyos. Clark's motlior noddod dumbly. ' And do tho pooplo— the ? vitiligo folk, I mean, who havo lenown mo all my lifo— do thoy think mo guilty?' Bho askod broatli lossly. , ' Ah, Margery, child, how can I answer you?' cried Mrs, Wellington, distressedly. You are breaking my heart.' ' You must answer me by telling nio the truth,' said Margery, in a low voice, adding : ' Do they think I did it ?' ' Yes,' sobbed Mrs. Wellington, ' most people believe so.' . ' And what would they do with mo if they folt sure that I was gnilty ?' Margery asked. There was the same low intensity in hor voice as she breathlessly awaited the answer. It was a moment before Mrs. Wellington could command her tremulous voice to speakr and then the words seemed to almost choke hor as sho uttered them. She took Mdrgery's little cold hands in ono of hers and laid the other trembling one on the girl's fair bowed head, 'If — they — believe you guilty — they will send you to— to — prison, Margery!'' she said. (To be continued.) 