OVERGROWING HER STRENGTH. HOW DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS MAKE WEAK GIRLS STRONG. Testimony from well- known and highly-respect ed colonists is always worth printing, and the words of Mr. George Marner, of '" Lumington," Victoria Road, Auburn, Victoria, are of this nature : — " I thought I. would lose my daughter, Miss Alice," suid .Mr. Marner to our reporter recently, "she was overgrowing her strength. Meoical men could do nothing for her." Hre Miss Marner entered and quickly told how Dr. Williams' Pink Pills had saved her from death and disaster. " I commenced, some two years ago, to feel very ill after retiming home from school," said she, " I did not feel sufficiently unwell to take to my bed, but experienced a continued languid feeling that made me most miserable. Father | took me to see a doctor, and be said I was oyer- ; growing my strength, and I was not to exert my self. As 1 had no inclination to do so. there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and I took the " quinine tonic " given me, with regularity. Then I commenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." " Wc tried everything to induce, sleep," interposed Mr. Marner, " but it had no effect ; then 1 consulted a well-known Collins Street practitioner. He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but sbe returned looking worse. She would alio retch on rising in the morning; any food taken conld not be kept down. She lost flesh and becume a mere ghost." " This time last year," said Miss Alice, " I weighed 7st. 31bs., now I am 9st. 71bs." " a great improvement ; your treatment must hare been beneficial " No ; all the medicine I got did mo very little food. Actually. Dr. Williams' Piuk Pills for ale People deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holiduys, last year, father bought me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr. Pleasancs, Chapel Street, Prahan, they did me so much good that I continued with them. . It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy as anyone could wish.' ' And you would recommend them Y ' Yes ; and that strongly too," said Mr, Marner, had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it would have saved me a hundred pounds." Parents should think over this — good hea'th and a hundred pounds saved. It is undisputed that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills build up the constitution, strengthen the system, enrich the blood, and improve the brain. Thpy are a certain cure for indigestion, pimples, skin diseases, liver and kidney troubles, bilionsuess, Bnmmia. nlfipplessness, rheumatism, lumbago, loss of physical strength, neuralgia, all female irregul arities, debility, sick headache, Iosb of vital forces, &c.; Obtainable from all chemists and dealers, ; or from the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Queen's Place, Sydney, who will forward six boxes for 15s. 3d., or one box for 2s. 9d., post free. bl is u o < c- M 'A 3 A A 'A O o J5 