A Tear Between. ... ; CHAPTER YIII. cpntinbed! HE lighted a cigar, resting Lis back against a convenient tree-trunk, and always look- inc intentlv at the handkerahicf in his hand. He had spoken lightly, but his face belied his words— it was troubled,, doubt ful and undecided. 1 Shall I speak ?' he muttered presently. ' Shall I deolare what Iisaw the instant I looked nt him ad he la/ here, what those dolt- hleaded jurymen hadn't the brains to see, and what that old fool of a doctor wouldn't see,, and follow it up by producing this in sup port of what I say? I ought to '4o it, I. suppose? I ought, to have done it in the "first place. And yot — why? The man's dead — nothing can alter that. And the verdiot given was a merciful verdict, merciful to his memory, merciful to his widow —that old humbug of a Doctor was right so far. If I speak, I don't know what sort of a hor net's nest I may stir up, what harm I may do. If I keep si- lont, things will remain as they are and everybody be satisfied, Mrs. Mountjoy included. And, not being an ass, I am able to admit to myself the possibility that, after all, I may bo wrong. Added to that, I'm not a defec tive, and the affair is clearly no business of mine. No l' With an uir of having, made up his mind, he folded the handkerchief and slipped ' it carefully into an inner pocket. ' 'Accidental death' suits everybody else, and 'Acci dental death' shall suit me. I'll hold my tonguo !' Clement Aokroyd, apprised of hife friend's impending departure frohi Harrold's Conquest, was at first loudly and then ruefully re monstrant. Finding remons- tranoe of either kiud useless, he became resigned, and fell iii with Sylvestor's suggestion that he should drive him over to Great Rotherham in time to catch the London express. But, reluotant hs he was, he was not so reluo tant as ho would have been in other circumstances; and the barrister fully understood why quite as well as ho understood thut the window, carefully dark ened and shaded, towards which the lad's blue eyes turned so wistfully as they drove away was the window of Mrs. Mount- joy's chamber. He felt an un easy sinking of the heart as be noted the look. Even the ab sence from which his mother hoped so much might, he thought if signs were to bo trusted, fail to- cure tho boy of his infatua tion ; and ho breathed something that was not a blessing upon the head of poor Martin Mountjoy's widow. Thedrivo at the beginning waB Biloiit. Harrold's Conquest was a mile behind thom before either spoke. Sylvester was purposely 6ilent, knowing, from the restless and undecided glanoes which his companion furtively cast at him now and again, that presently something would coine with a rush. It did. Clem gave the Squire's pet mare, who was dash ing along in. her bpst style, a sudden and unnecessary out with the whip, and then jerked out abruptly — I 'say, Koith, I want to have a bit of a talk with you 1' 'Well' — the word was short, the tone was cordial — ' noiV's your time, if you arc to have it at all,' ' Tea — that's so 1 I thought we'd have a quiet chat to- night, hut now you're off, you see,' Ho hesitated and cut at the mare again. « I'm thinking of taking a run abroad.' ' Ah ! For Jong ?' 'Well, yes, I think so. Be yond a couple of short trips to Paris, I've nevef.beon out of Eng- lun..j I dare say I shall stay away a year— that's tho idea I have in my miud at present, I wish you oould come with me, old boy ; but that's past praying for, of course — I know you can't spare the time. Tho question is, what do you think of the notion ?' Of your going? Tho best thing you can do— the best thing you can possibly do !' Sylvester apswered cordiully. 'I thought you'd say sol' Clem's face brightened and then became gloomy again. ' It isn't that I like the idea, mind yon, Koith ; in fact, & thousand times over, I'd rather stop where T am, but then I haven! t only mySelf to think of. I have to remember her.' : Sylvester had expeoted some such words — had felt that he oould almost have 'foretold what they would be. He muttered 'something — a vague word or two. Remonstrance was useless, he knew, and he was too wise to try it. Encouraged, now that he .had broken the iee, Clem went on readily and eagerly; : . , | ' I can't say just what I mean, you see, old fellow,' he said ohoer- fully, ' because you understand how things are, while at home, of course, they haven't a notion, and it won't do to let them know yet a while. Yes, my. going away will be better for her.'. He did not utter Stella Mountjoy's name. ' You see I can't Bpeak for a year, anyhow— we must take that for granted — and for the next few months I suppose I mustn't even see her. That being the case, I may as well be a thousand miles away as one. And then there's another thing. When I first spoke of the matter to you, you talked a precious lot of rubbish, if you'll exouse my saying so ; but you said one thing that father stuok .to me— I .mean about people talking— and, Tmng 'em, tney always do, I fancy, whenever there'B half a chance ! You remember saying it— don't you?' ' I perfectly remember Baying it.' ' Well, that's really my princi pal reason for being off. For her sake it will be better. With her on one side of the Channel and me on the other .tongues will never wag. Tor all I know — people are such fools 1— things may have been Baid already ; so I shall go and worry the year out nbroad as best I can do. In a way, it's' a sort of duty I owe to her, and is the best thing I can do. Don't yon ; think so your self?' ' My dear hoy, I have already said that you cannot possibly do bettor than go.' 'That's right — I thought you'd say so — I thought you'd back me up.' Clem clapped his hand upon his friend's shoulder affec tionately. ' Not that I want it, luckily, for the. mother rather wishes me to go 1 I thoughtshe'd oppose it, but it was quite the other way. I say, you're pledget) for a stay with us next year, you know ? Don't forget that 1' ' A ypai is rather too far ahead to stand pledged. But I will come if I can. Mrs. Ackroyd was so kind as to urgo it !' ' Of course she was. You're a prime favourite of hers, I can tell you. Why, if you and Nell were to hit it off, Bhe'd be delight ed.' 'Which is more than your sister would,' remarked Sylvester drily.' ' Or than you would either — oh?' said Clem, with a half- laugh. ' Well, Nell's a nice girl enough, but hardly tho kind to suit you, I suppose. Do you know that's about the only thing that I'm sorry I'm going away for.' ' What it?' ' Nell. I dare say you .know what I mean. You recollect what I told you about that fellow Woolf — W oolf of the Fen ?' ' Oh, yes — I remember I' ' Well, I'm afraid . he may con trive to get round Nell while I'm away. I'm not .much hindranoe, you'll say. No ; but still I can keep an eye on him, and have kept one. If I hadn't I shouldn't feel so sure of his game.' 'Perhaps you are making a common mistako?' Sylvester sug gested. Ho was interested, almost concerned, for he liked Nelly Ackroyd, although he would have found falling in love fin utter im possibility ; and he dauld not for get how honestly and innooently the girl had betrayed herself to him, and what was at any rate her incipient love for Woolf at Fen, ' Men, as a rule, are not prone to overrate their sister's attraotions,.J fanoy,' he said. 1 you' are wrong jn thinking that tRis fellow — what's his name?— Woolf— does hot oaro for her.' ' Oh — am I ?' Clem laughed unpleasantly. ' I know what I'm talking about well enough,' he said ; ' and I tell yon that, if it wasn't for tho money, he would not look at her. I only hope she'll come to ho senses, and not let him make a fool of her while I'm away. I snan say a wora to her, I think. A fellow doesn't care to have his own sister made a speculation of.' ' Decidedly not. Don't say too much, though. Ho is not hack yot — is ho ?' ' ' Woolf ? No — the dickens only knows why he went away 1 Wherever he is, he has been doing his best to squander the greater part of that two thousand odd. I told you of — we may rely upon that. What fire you look ing at ?' For tho past few minutes the dog- cart had been bowling smart ly along a fine avenue of trees, and now turned out of- it into a white winding road. Sylvester laughed. ' I was thinking that 1 recog nised the spot. Wasn't it this way that I came the other morn ing, or night, whichever yon like to call it r 'Of course it was — must have been, if you oamo direct from Croft Mallory there's no other road. We shall pass that blessed old heap of stones of yoiirs direct ly 1' Sylvester asked the question, but he had not needed any reply. He reooguised his surroundings too clearly — the road white with dust, the border of rough grass, the hedge, the golden harvest- fields stretohing beyond ; he knew them well enough now. And on the other side there was the neglected common, with tho couple of tethered donkeys graz ing as quietly in the bright even ing sunshine as they had done in tho thick chilling white mist of the dawn when he had first no- tioed them. And Here they were passing the heap of stones cover ed with a coarse green growth by wbioh he had lain down with his dog beside him, blessedly oousoious that he would sleep nt last. Ho almost felt again tho cold touch upon his wrist which had startled him into wakefulness, and almost saw again, liko a sud den vivid picture, tho mist-en shrouded mysterious figure of the woman — the woman who — - Ho shuddered violently, uncon trollably— -shuddered as he had done that day in the Triangle, when he stood looking down upon the dead face of Martin Mount- i'oy, An ioy ohitl such as' be tad experienced then run through him now ; and he knew why. In stantly he understood the bewil dering recollection, association — something — that had eluded him then. It was tho figure of the woftan by whoBe side ho had stood on that spot ; tho woman whose face he had never seen. He look ed involuntarily at his portman teau— tho handkerchief lay in it. He had said at the time, said while ho watched her figure van ishing into the mist along this very road, that there might be tragedy associated with the inci dent. It had taken place between three and four o'clock. Martin Mountjoy had died between three and four o'clook 1 What if the tragedy were tho tragedy of his death? What if- He check ed himself resolutely, cheeked riotous tumult of thought thutwas becoming almost uncontrollable. He had surely got Martin Mount joy's death upon the brain 1 he thought impatiently. Into what mad maze of speculation would he find himself hurrying next ? He made a gesture that matched his violent mental effort, and put the whole thing from him. Clum stared at his pale sudden- lyolinnged face. What's the matter, old chap? You look as if you'd seen a ghost 1' ' Not 1 1' He forced a smile. ' How much farther is it to the station ?' ' A good four miles. Wo don't begin to get into Great Bother- ham until we're on the hill there. But we've plenty of time — you needn't be afraid of that.' There 'was time, but there was not much to spare. : When Sylvester had prooured his ticket the passengers were taking their, seats.. He took his, Tinker nest ling down beside him with the air of a dog quite used to railway travelling, which indeed ho was. Clem stood with his arms upon the door for a last word or two. 'Of course this isn't "Good bye," old fellow 1 I shall give you a look up in town before I'm off on my travels — you may he Bure of that.' 'Do — I'll look out for yon. When is it likely to he ? When are you likoly to start ?' ' Can't say . exactly !' Clem coloured, for he was meeting his friends eyes now, and talking was more difficult than it had been when they were side-by-sido in tho dog-cart. ' Not until she's better, at any rate. I'd rather — : it's something to.be in tho same house, though confoundedly un satisfactory at the best — I'd ra ther not go until she herself goes'.' There was no ovading tbo ques tion, o'r Sylvester would hayo i - done bo; He put it unwilling ly. ' ' Is. that likely to be soou ?' As soon as she's wellenough. Jorrold says sho ought to go, and I suppose he's right ; hut exaotly when and where will both depend on op her sister, I expect;! ' 'Her sister?'-- - ' Yes — Miss Brooke — Xeslie Brooke— dare say you've heard Nell or the mother mention her ? She is in England again now ; the people She resides with most ly reside abroad,' and she is going to give up her situation for a while, to stay with her sister. It is the only thing to do of course; she couldn't be left alone.' . ' I suppose hot. Is Miss Brooke oomiDg so Harrold's Conquest?' .'Yes; the mother wrote to her— they always keep up a cor respondence — and she'wrotebaok. According to arrangements — — Good-bye, old chap — -you're oft ! She'll be here some, time to-mor- IOW.' Clem stepped baok, the train steamed out of tho station. Syl vester, sinking baok in his corner laughed to himself. 'Humph?' he muttered half alopd. ' So that's it, is it ? Odd I never chanced to her it mention ed. LeslioBrooke— LeslieBrooke? Queer how that girl, or her name rifher, seems to stiok to the !' The regular rooking motion and tho monotonous sound of the train began to lull his tired brain into dorwsiness ; his eyes closed, his hand caressed . Tinker's small rouh head lazily. ' I wonder,' ho' thought Bieepily, ' whether I should have been in suoh a hurry to get away from .Harrold's Con quest if I had known that Leslie Brooke weld be here tomorrow ?' 