_ ? A common topic of conversation in the drawing rooms of the The 'Servant local shoddy Girl. aristocratic s n oboe racy is tVi-- unruliness and in The «har-broker s wire auates iu \r\\-Hh drapers Mrs. on her woes l','.) ,,lirriH- with servants, and the tea ?.?^Vur'- wife, and the jumped-up ci.vil i''r-v.V-' wif« tak'? 'P the lugubrious r'-rT1 Th-y tell each other how Mary \xm-it' 'ip all the cheesp cak«?. how Sarah ',,..,. it.lV..,l out with the boy who crniiHS t-'.r'.'.r-l-::- until nearly midnight, or how J,vi wM-iMn't fret up in the morning. \L7 h iv.- thfir 'girls' all talked back 'J.*n reprimanded, and gave a week's nyx... iU\d so on, and so forth. One K',vCr- wlintlier these shallow-pated w-.-^n. who never read anything but .(vlv nov-l-. who never think of anything i. it iaillin.T.v. and whose whole conversa t ?] i^ithnr 'si.-andal, or their domestics— !',,'. w.nd'Ts what they would rind to ' allc ..';,??: w -r- all ^'rvants me»jk and servile .„,-,/;, r,, !,-.\v their necks under the yoke ,f -!,??!! HTvtchwi potty tyrants uneom I'.tiniiiL'lv. As it is, the chatter goes on '. ; ,,., -n, -M-Mnitly. No sort of human -....'? us:, ;. -n^ nf the fellow sympathy that ... u,i.ui -h-mld have for another! M-vitim--. tii'1 -auseof all tins worry to the -;:-i!v .ui-tM/rarv is in the back, where, w,~k in ;m'l w-Jk out. she is supposed to ;.::,; ^i- ri.-'. 'uri suvpp the step-, set the ???-iki.K. -litk-^ th' beds, dust th»* rooms, ? : -h til-- i--in-H-. dean the boots, knives, .n 1 win-i m--. -? -ok the dinner, scrub the \- r. -Imp tin- wo jd. and wash the dishes, tr --i: -iv in th*1 morning: till ten at night — t-.v ti:-.:':itv'tf a we^k, with every alternate \- ivi tv. ;md a vulgar, tyrannous snnli of ,.. w .-ii:i!! t» please, all fur the munificent rr ':'. :*-n h -h a we^k. Heaven help # # * \--;m!: u i!ji.-r h it that the working man i- .-rv ??ji.u'v L'f sending his daughter 'out t'» service,'' for apart from The the trials of bad-tempered Snobocrac-'s cad«is.-e.s as mistresses, Grievance. other worse risks are to b^ encountered. There .-,!? ,'»'i ::ii-M-'---'s i-t-rtainly, bin in these ? i » -' - vvi!'!! everyone who wants to be .'u iiivriiiii^- of must have a ' maid,' -? . v ;ii' :?'?,?.? and far 1 etween. Besides, t..-- d.-:!iiii ??! fur servants has increased of .?*?-. w!.i!h tliH supply has decreased. Vi wi- '\;--r-- uviv t-n places requiring ser ? i!i- *'.-iitv wars ago, there are thirty to :-y. Th- i--'-iilt is that the better class of i-vr'-'Ui ;iffurd to be choosers, and they !..it ::.i!!y pivf.-r to go to those places where '???-v i .-in obtain good wages and lighter v. ok. ml wIith there is a proper staff of — rvum- l-ppt. Therefore the shoddy aris ??'?:-\'-y who r..in on]y afford to pay low v.u-v- to ..]v jrirl and that requires from her ? - '.???'!-k 'f tlirr^ in return, are left to do as u-.: a- tii-v ':ui with any sort of draggle ? u!-l uvmli ,,r none at all. It is this kind ? ? v--. .'J.l-l,.- 't,,jf ?' t],at js t0 })e founcj per. l--v:;i!iy whining about the independence ;J- : niip^ninHiir-^ of the servant-girl class. i::-y ar- principally people who believe '????* a la Iv ,;unii,t be a lady and work, and ' ?--- KtH ;,t tbi-ir wit's end for fear that if ? ' j r. nt -tat*1 (.if education is. not int^r ''???! witii. either they themselves or their ?!'-?!it-r- will be compelled to do their '?-? i )iii--ti..- drudgery without the aid of ??? -rvaunat all. 'What the workin' '- -ltf.-r from,' they- will tell you ;- '?'??'i-lv. 'is hover heducation.'' Dickson orating at the Exhibition on Federation was a spectacle that might have been ridiculous to an Dickson. uninterested spectator had there not been something pathetic about it. A man with an air of old -fashioned ness in his badly cut black clothes, and in his out-of-date turned down collar ; with a low hairless head, flat on top, and inclined to squareness ; with two big bat- like ears ; &. parchment skin strained tightly across a face devoid of expression, except in the eyes, which suggest shiftiness of character or crafti ness ; a mechanical grin made by tighten ing the skin dT the face so as to expose the teeth. Three big gold studs in his shirt ; a heavy gold ring worn on his ringer, and a massive double gold chain, all genuine metal no doubt, but that somehow convey an impression of ' Brummagem'* — such is Dickson on the platform. He does not .speak — he talks. The voice is raspy and jerky— the delivery stilted, and stiff. No emotion whatever in anything he says ! He flounders along from platitude to platitude, baulking and groping for words — 'thet (that) er — thet, er — thet er ;' or 'er — er — er.' He fidgets with his glasses held close in front of his body — attitude number one; he leans with bath hands on the table— attitude number two ; he stands with his right hand in his pocket, his glasses in his left— attitude number three. Ungraceful to awkwardness in each of these attitudes, they are neverthe less, the only three poses he can command. He gives you the impression of a man in an uncomfortable position, clinging to it tenaciously, but yet conscious of his own deficiency — of an embodied accident en deavouring to believe itself providential. A hopeless mediocrity, crafty, and palpably narrow-souled ! * * * The purchase of the estate of Muckross, on which are situated the Lakes of KilJarney, by a Dublin Buy Killarney's tobacconist, for the sum Lakes. of .£85, 000 will come as a shock to the Green Islanders all over the world. It seems that the very pick of the beauty spots of that world- famed locality have belonged to a soulless insurance company, to whom hard cash was a more important matter than sentiment. So they put it in the market for sale to the highest bidder. This act of sacrilege stirred up the dormant patriotism of the Irish people. The | Imperial Government was urged to buy j and nationalise the place, thus making it | available to the public for ever. But it \ wa^ited all its spare money for new war I vessels, and could not afford thp few j thousands necessary. Then an attempt was made by a gentleman interested in the Irish tourist agency busi ness to raise by a national subscription the amount necessary to buy the estate. Emissaries went to America to plead for help, and, of course, received a warm welcome. The movement would probably have succeeded if Tobacconist Gallagher had not suddenly appeared and concluded a deal with the insurance company which makes him master of the situation. So ; ali the sentiment and romance and tradi j tion and poetry which has attached itself | to the Killarney Lakes passes iuto the keeping of a tobacco seller. It is quite possible that henceforth that gent wijl erect a strong secure fence arouna the place and prosecute trespassers, or charge a bob a head admission. Harken to the wailing of the ghosts of the Irish poets whom the Lake*' scenery hr,s insj ired, at the deseci'jtion ! And listen to the curses of the dead patriots against the Govern ment of the Sassenach — a Government that gi^es Kitchener for slaughtering Soudanese fc'30,000, but which turns its nose up at the suggestion to keep Killarney as national property. * * # Hudvard Kipline\ in one of his Barrack Room Ballade voices a grievance of the Engli.-h Tommy Atkinses. The Same Old In characteristic lingo a Game. typical Tommy tells how they neglect him and scorn him when there are no wars on the boajd, but let trouble be brewing, or a war threaten, and it's ''Tommy here and Tommy there,' and it's 'Mr. Atkins' then, instead of plain 'Tommy,' and there are special trains and fair ladies I waving handkerchiefs and so on. It is just .so with the boodlers a»d the workers. While things political are going along nice and easy, and each of the different sections of the governing classes are in accord against the common enemy, the worker, they ignore or deride him. Their politi cians talk of the workers as ''the dingoes of civilisation,' and vow that they will die rather than concede them political rights, and let loose a lot of brazen effrontery of this sort which is caught up and re-echoed by their faithful daily press sycophants. But only let some Wig- political question divide Capitalism and pit against each other the interests of the land-owning capitalists as against the industrial capi talists and see the different tune each section then plays to get the political influ ence of the working class to help them to defeat the other fellow. You can see an instance of it going on now in the Federation squabble. The wage-earners hold the balance of power here in Queensland upon the question, and the brazen hypocrisy of the capitalist press in its mock concern for thejwelfareof the workers, anditsendeavours to enlist their sympathies for or against Federation, is enough to make the spook of Ananias blush with envy. ♦ * # The Charters Towers Enf/fc had published I an article from Gympie Truth commenting severely on Hoolan, Jack Hoolan son and Sim's vote in v. Lesina and favour of the' Chillagoe The ' Eagle.' Land Grant Railway. Somehow, a sentence accusing them of being bribed, which could not be found in the original article, came out in the Eagle's copy. It apologised to Jackson and Sim, but Hoolan|wanted €1000 damages. The' j case was tried in Brisbane. The Federa tion politician presided. In the box Hoolan was astute and ready-witted. He | didn't remember anything that he had forgotten, and he made a fool of Draice. Joe Lesina, who edited the Eagle at the time, couldn't accoun^for__the_Jihellous ? ^words being in tfie^article. He declared that Hoolan had once told him, ' There is nothing in politics. I am going for the boodle.' This Hoolan denied. Griffith summed up dead against Lesina and the Euglf. Squirming,^under the lash of Labour criticism ever since his political apostacy, he went out of his way in protest ing too much that the Labour lash hadn't hurt him. A pronounced Federalist, here on the eve ofE^dj^ratim^Gjiffilh— ha4--to- — ? ~~ deal with .an^^nti^Fed Labour member, and an anti-Fed. Labour paper. An un biassed jury returned a verdict of £400 against Lesina and £100 against the Eaylc. The E'vjlc can now either pay up or let Hoolan seize its plant ; Lesina can satisfy the verdict, or go insolvent and resign his seat. Hoolan will then have to pay his own costs. Here thu matter stands. * * # The Commonwealth Bill is supposed to be a triumph of clearness in Bill drafting. It is true that the average Slipperiness reader may obtain a grip and Subtlety. of the situation after ardently perusing the .writings of the Slippery Sams of lawyers who framed it, but the grip isn't one that will be likely to hold him long. It is when the various clauses are looked closely into, or dissected and anatomised, that the slipperiness and subtlety of the words and phrases become apparent. The thing is full of the pitfalls of language. Large issues hang upon the interpretation of equivocal words and phrases. Take the difference between the words ' ' may ' and 'shall,' for instance. To say that the Federal Parliament 'shall' abolish black labour would be to definitely assure its abolition ; to say that it 'may' do so would be to leave things practically as they are. For all the democratic items men tioned in the powers of Parliament (section 51, part 5) there is no definite instruction to the Federal Parliament to enforce a single one of them. Upon the questions of old age pensious, immigration, conciliation and arbitration, and coloured aliens, for instance, it is provided that the Federal Parliament 'shall have power' to legis late—that is to say, if it cares to ; if it doesn't care to, they may go hang. The States can't interfere with them, and if the Federal Parliament won't, these urgent reforms will remain in abeyance between the devil and the deep blue sea. * # » A good proportion of the crowd at Higgs's address to the Villey electors went to hear the interruptions. At Higgs's Those amendments we Meeting. know so well were re surrected again, but what is the difference, anyway? Ajstraw may sliow the way the wind blows between Dawson and Higgs. The applause was embarrassing, and Higgs. waited modestly with downcast head for it to .subside. 'Take a chew of hay, ' Dawson suggested from the rear of the hall. Later a man groaned. The crowd liked the .sound and unanimous groaning followed, simply to make a noise. Higgs, stood patiently waiting their pleasure to desist. Always pale, just then he looked ghastly. The moments were heavy with possibilities. The timorous had visions of organised disorder, a storm breaking, and a yelling, fighting mob rending all liefore them, but nothing worse happened than a woman's whisper, 'I think Higgs is so gentle manly,' and cheering. A platform man, suggestive of the Bog of Allan, creaked noisily in and out with an air of mysteri ous importance. Presently he appeared unfurling a Federal flag, and proceeded to flap it right and left with great vigour. No one in a decent radius escaped it. He made a valiant effort to crack it in the faces of his friends in the front rows. At last it was so apparent that the standard bearer thought he and the flag were the meeting and Higgs a detail, that the gorge of the latter rose and he. waved him peremptorily away. Afterwards* this enthusiast went from group to group say ing, 'Yes, Higgs was good, but did you see me with the flag ?' A fat man orated, and concluded a glowing panegyric of Higgs by jumping and spitting out ' He a a man !' This is a favourite encomium at public meetings and it leaves a lot to the imagination. — Vinegak. 