SOME SUPERSTITIONS OF AUSTRALIAN BLACKS. The historian has chronicled much of the habits, customs, and beliefs of the Australian blacks, yet every day brings to light some new feature of the wild existence of that savage race when they held undisputed possession of this country. In the cities people know comparatively little of the blacks—one must needs have been in the euca lyptus forests, or in the arid interior, or along the paths of the great water ways to have gained some idea of their peculiar characteristics. When white men first made their appearance on these shores they were viewed with no little consternation by the natives, who regarded them as spirits from the dead. In this idea of a resurrection they were stimulated by no belief in a divinity, for it is a pecu liarity of the blaeks that they believe in no god and that they had no form of worship to an invisible power. Governor Hutt, of Western Australia, remarked upon this fact in his de spatch dated May 3, 1839, to Lord Glenelg, of the Colonial Office. ' They have a language,' he said, * in which there is no word for either love, want, or gratitude, and they live literally without God in the world. . . . From childhood to the grave they pro pitiate neither God nor devil.1 It eannot altogether be said that the blacks had no thought of a Supreme Being before the influence of civiliza tion became apparent, but that they had no distinct belief on the subject is generally agreed. Like all savages, though, they had a superstitious dread of spirits, and some of these supersti tions will acquit the blacks upon any charge of want of originality. Upon the death of a warrior or of any member of the tribe it was be lieved that his spirit would have no rest until some person of another tribe was killed. The idea that Europeans were departed spirits who had returned to their old hunting-grounds was illus trated during: a tour made by Captain Grey, in 1838, in a manner so re markable that the story will bear re petition. One night when a few miles north of Perth, Western Australia, Captain Grey was surprised to see a small procession of aboriginals, headed by two women, making towards him. The elder of the pair, after looking Grey all over, gave vent to a melo dramatic shriek, crying—' Giva, giva> bundo baV ('Yes, yes, in truth it is he')—threw her arms around the be wildered Captain and sobbed bitterly upon his breast. Captain Grey bore the uncalled-for endearments with a stoical resignation, which was a re markable exhibition of gallantry on his part, for the woman was old, ugly, and disgustingly dirty. Having kissed him on each cheek, the old gin de clared that he was the ghost of her son, who had recently been killed. She demonstrated her delight at bis return with no little zea1, and Captain Grey had then to permit the father and brothers of the dead man to em brace him by placing kne~ to knee, breast to breast, and an arm around his waist. Captain Grey presented the delighted assemblage with bread and regaled them with the stores of other lands. In nearly every tribe of aborigines there was a sorcerer—a Boyla Gadak in the language—who was supposed to possess superhuman powers, and who was vested with the right to deal out retributive justice. Some of the tribes believed in a spirit known as the Wangul (a demon of the waters), and the Jilgah (a spirit of the woods) was also greatly feared. Among some of the natives it was believed that thunder was caused by black snakes, and a thunderstorm invariably struck the savages dumb with terror. Withal the aboriginals met death bravely, and seemed to be troubled but little by the Great Unknown. Sorrow, however, at the death of a relative is always highly demonstra tive, the females displaying the keenest anguish. According to the reasoning of the native life would extend to eternity if it were not for accidents and sorcerers, and the Boylya Gadak is often blamed for a death. There is no fear of after-punishment, and they therefore meet the end with calmness. The belief in the power of the sorcerers, who are supposed to come at night and consume* the body, is so strong that when a native is convinced that he has received a nocturnal visitation he will give himself up to death and pine away. Mr. A. R. Richardson, ex-Minister of Lands in Western Aus tralia, stated that the Nickol Bay tribe were told by their sorcerers that grey hairs were a penalty for eating forbidden fruit. At a funeral the sorcerer of the tribe would watch for a worm thrown up from the grave and follow its movements, believing that in its direction he would find the spot where lived the sorcerer who was responsible for death. A fire would be lit in the hole, and the sorcerer would kneel down and endeavor to learn from the fire whether revenge must come from north, south, east, or west. When he had decided upon the direction he would point there, and at the close of the funeral the tribe would retire in the opposite direction whence they came in order to mislead the disembodied spirit. Of most of the above facts I do not pretend to be the discoverer, they have been dealt with in various his torical works published in the colonies. At the same time I have had oppor tunities of confirming them, and indeed I could write much more of the quaint superstitions of the natives. A story related to me by an old identity of Queensland should not however go^ unrecorded. Some years ago there was a tribe near Mary borough, a number of which had been murdered. The vendetta of the tribe was directed towards a boylya gadak of another tribe, who was given chase. For many days the pursuit was kept up, and at length the supposed murderer was seen making in the direction of the river. To avoid capture he dived into the stream, but when the pursuers reiched the opposite bank no trace of him was to be found. Believing him to have been drowned, the chase was abandoned, but he was afterwards seen near a settlement ab3ut sixteen miles from the river, and was at once dispatched by the avengers. So confident were the natives in their ability as trackers that they came to the conclusion that the sorcerer had dived into the earth and had come up at the settlement sixteen miles away. This superstition is still held by many old natives in the Mary borough district, and provides but another instance of the peculiar imaginings of a race whose intellect is otherwise incapable of an original idea. —Bartholomew Blank. 