IN PRAISE OF MONEY. 'ThebbV are seatiment&l; people who 'affect to disn^Rp^nw^y^- int they «w^nw»ri«bly ^wpioV^fhtj (itrt-e never ^nowhtKe want «f it. It is easy to cdea-ise wich dross when it is always to be nad tor the asking. Writing cheques is no great toil, and so long as .(they are honoured a man -is at liberty ''to despise wealth. Yet one may also jbe at liberty to wonder what kind of man he wonld.be without it. Possibly ?even bis charaoter depends upon his jpurao: Strip him ofhis possessions as ?Job was stripped and where woald be ?his virtue? No doubt, as Pope says, ?worth makes the man ; but are there Tot cases in which gold makes the worth t To be poor and at the same '?time to be good implies & noble natare ; to be utterly destitute and to retain ?one's tranqoility is the gift only of philosophers and of saints. It seems ;a pity that men were not born with fcweketa, since they are as necet-sary as the air we breathe. An infant's ?earliest desire is to acquire something, 9-nt the infant, if its mother . will gtardon «s for saying so, is * fool ; and €he boy's first wish is for trousers, in 'order that lie may have a home for his ?small possessions. The wealthy owner ??of sixpence, -he needs a pock«t to 'secure it, and if it does not stay in it long, its'. iasty disappearance is by bo Weans indicative of contempt In the 'annals of history there is no welt ^auUienticafced . case of a schoolboy ?refusing a 'tip j'i»at without a Bound pocket he woald find, like De Foe's -Colonel Jack, that money, when a fellow has. no place to pat it in, is a ?great care. And, no donbt, «BiUio»a-reg 4»ve fooKmmes «s much trouble in finding » safe place for their money as the Colonel nail when he $mt his into * hollow tree. All' great possessions tiring care, bat the owner -dt them 'snatches ' a fearful joy,' and we never feear him say that bis back is not vtrong enongh for the btrden. The praise of nosey, fcowever, does not taeoessarily mcltde the praise of ?enormous Wealth, which too often ?stifles character and exhaasts lite. Moreover, the millionaire does not know, as the comparatively poor man knows, tfeedelight of acquisition:; and we never prize money so heartily as when we have earned it by bard a*d persistent *oH. If any nan ot good means doubts whether gold is a theme for praise let turn consider what it has done and is doing for himself. Money brings with it education, culture, the society of : intelligent men and women, and of ! $ood books i -the«ujoyraent of travel, { «f tntaac, »f art) a wide range at '? 'interest*, and the power of benefiting tme's poorer neighbours. Money, indeed, cannot protect ns from the deeper sorrows of life, bat it does we us from iu fretfkl anxieties. €n.hhn aua htin.t. tJio nu»f. ? icfnl «-»» ?of Misery's children is as empty perse ; »nd he is not far wrong. Poverty has its blessings, and die poor man, -ra adding them op, wftl fad that he has «ome ^advantages «vtf his wealthier brethren $ bit then there is scarcely a condition ia life wholly without its compensations, and the beggar-boy, According to the poets, is often happier than the king. It is. a careless happi ness, and one that depends upon a good digestion and , a sufficiency of bread and cheese. The man with a sound and sufficient income hai a better foundation for hi* cheerfulness. I often wish that I had clear For life six hundred pounds a year, was the desire of Swift at a time wbtn money went much farther than it does now. Tha amount of income does not greatly signify if one is able to meet the demands upon it, and it is a commonplace to say that it is possible to be rich with six hundred a year and poor with six thousand. . No man, says Jeremy Taylor, is poor who does not think himself so ; but if his income be small the thought is thrust upon him in spite of hit content. Love in a hut may satisfy the imagination of a youthful lover, but he will soon find out the truth of the nursery rhyme tbat the little god of love will neither make a fire in the kitchen nor tarn the spit. A poet, with children cling ing to his skirts and a wife ailing for lack of delicacies, may write against money ia verse, but will assuredly praise it in prose. It means milk for little ones, nourishing food and generous wine, good medical advice, a bright fire, an arousing book, and a seore of things besides. Poverty, says an old writer, is the way to heaven and the mother of religion — a hold statement truly, for it does net take into account tho measure of the poverty. The man who is out at elbows, and in debt to his butcher, is so confronted with the cares of this world that the difficulty of looking onwards and upwards is increased tenfold. Poverty is a theme upon which philosophers and divines lore to dilate. They tell us that herbs and bread and pure water with content in a cottage are better than purple,. fine linen, and discontent in n, palace. Who doubts it ? but content is not incompatable with a well-cooked dinner and a glass of claret. Then they insist that money will not pur chase love or health, or tlie qualities that ennoble human nature. Who doubts that either ? Money is limited in its power : it is not a universal provider; but it does oil the wheels of ife, and it does make life more beautiful and more varied. Nor is this all, for the freedom it gives puts a nan in the position of winning the highest goal to which he can aspire. He has leisure for thought, leisure for knowing himself, leisure for develop ing ins xacuities, ana tnese are advantages denied to poverty. The man who sweeps the streets for a living, or the woman who stands for ten or twelve hours daily behind a counter has so hard a struggle to live that to do more would seem to be wellnigh impossible. Poverty, says the proverb, makes a man acquainted with strange bedfellows, so that it is not only in the daytime that the want oi money is leu. inaeea, it u tne one want of which every rational person is conscious, and to thiB desire we owe much of the progress of the world, and most of its inventions. ' Pat money in thy purse,' was the sage advise of lago ; no very respect able adviser we must admit, but not on that account need we neglect his ?counsel. Since the world began Adam and Eve are the only decent people who could afford to disregard it. Abraham's grief for the loss of Sarah would have been greatly in creased if he had not had sufficient money in his pocket to bay & family grave ; and, in oar day, the most afflicted widow has been known to 'weep in comfort in her graceful weeds,' on learning that her. husband has left a goodly fortune behind him. Get money, 'stall £?t knoney, boy { No matter by what means, exclaims one of Ben Jonson's characters, and the fine morality of Ihe sentiment is' not extinct in oar day. Gold may be ' filthy lucre,' but to gaiu it there are men of good lepnte in the world who do not mind soiling their hands. And this reminds us that there is eomethingto be said in dispraise xrf money. Gold - may be ' 6aint*seducing,n and refined young women have been known to marry old men for the sake of it J bat what blessing may not be abused I In general, a fall purse is, we think, more conductive t-J virtue than an esapty one. Mrs. Anna Rivers, an American lady, has began an action for divorce from her husband. She claims that the ghost of her husband's first wife infests the house and makes her miser able. It appears at nights, and frightens her so she is unable to sleep. It comes near to her, and indulges in paroxysms of weeping, and occasionally it smashes the furniture. Mrs, Riven is assertions were at first laughed at, bat ?he persisted in them, and apon being medically examined was declared to be ease. 