A TRYING ORDEAL. I CHAPTER V. Jlns. Samne'k companion liml, sinco coming to Castlo Kilclicnorn, wondered iibimt « good ninny tilings, sliortnstlic time Inul been, nnd nbout no one tiling or . person so much ns nbout lliis lis yet unseen Una. She lind in fancy drawn n dozen " pictures of her, nil utterly unliko citcli other, but llio reality proved absolutely unliko any of them. Hliu realised that the very inoinent in wliioh, standing in fltn ulinilnw iitiMnfinffl ntt vnt. ulin ttrsfc beheld the subject of her wonder. For Norah had never hoen or imagined any woman so bonutitui as was this 'Una.' She wore a black robe, covered all over with sparkling jet ; jet clasped her white throat nnd urnis ; jot sliono in tlio coiled musses of her wavy dead-gold hair. In llio loveliness of her faeo, in the grace of her figure, llioro was not one marring line. She stood for a moment, then knelt to clasp llio child as the little . ono clung to her neck. ' I didn't think you would over como again,' Molly complained, in a somewhat injured tone. ' I haven't soon you not once to-day. Are you going to stay with ' mo now ?' ( 'Just u littlo while, mj Molly,' Una : answered tenderly. .She was still kneel ing, and held llio child in a closo embrace with ono arm, while witli the other hand sho raised the littlo fiico from her shoulder and gently smoothed tho ; golden hair. 'Only for a littlo while, because tho dinner-boll will ring directly, and I must go down-stairs.' ' An' then, if you don't go, mamma will know tlmt you uro up hero with mo, nn' slio'll bo angry, won't sho?' said Molly coolly and with a mattcr-of-fact air. ' Why don't you como down to brcukfast? Mamma did. Was you ill, Una?' ' No, darling.' 1 Tlion you was sleepy, I s'poso ?' said tho little creature, with her olu-fash ioncd ipiaintuess, and with a shrewd glunce into the beautiful face bending over her. ' No — T had been dreaming — dreaming all night with my eyes open, and I wanted to shut out tho light and forget it if I could.' Sho laughed a little, still caressing the little head upon her breast. 'That's all my Molly. And so Moyn has gone downstairs and left you, and you aro all alone, my bird 1' Molly half withdrew from the nrm that hold her and glanced across tho room. ' -Miss Cashel's here. Didn't you sco her, Una.' Una uttered a cry and sprang to her feet. Norah, advancing into tho lump- . light, hardly know whether tho exclama tion expressed surprise or anger. Sho had not eared whether shu had been observed or not ; all her attention had been absorbed in watching tho beautiful woumn, who seemed to attract to herself every ray of brightness in the dull room. Then, with her usual graco and self- possession, Norali hastened to speak. ' Pray cxeuso me,' she said. ' I did not think that anybody but tho nurso would come nnd find me here, nnd I did nut know what to do with myself until dinner-time ; so' — glancing nt tho child with a child a smile — ' Molly and I wcro . going to tell each other fairy-tales.' 'She knows lots and lots, Una !' Molly interposed eagerly. ' Au' they're nice — nicer than Moya's.' -N; Una came forward a step, and in _ doing so roleascd tho child. The glowing tenderness in Iter eyes was quenched, her features were rigid, tho movement which sho made in rcsponsa to Miss Cashel's .salutation was so slight us to be almost insolent. ' I know of your arrival Miss Ca-sbel,' s'io said, ' but I did not expect to sco you here. I fancied' — a gleam of what looked like malicious amusement came into her brilliant eyes — 1 tlmt Mrs. Sabine would huva absorbed vou en- tirely.' ' Sirs. Subino has been kind enough to say that my afternoons arc my own, sincu sho always rests then,' Norah answered. Sho was puzzled, wondering, admiring, half repelled, yet half attracted, and did not know what to say. ' That is, you are free when sho docs not need your services,' Una commented coolly, with tho same eurious mocking smile. ' Mrs. Sabine is consideration itself, I know. May I liowovcr suggost tlmt her forbearance docs not extend to those who uro late for dinner, and that tho first bell will ring in a very few moments? Good night, Molly — I must go now.' She again shook oif tho little lingers clinging to her, and turned towards tho door. Molly, her tiny face puckered into nn expression of rue ful amazement, stared for a moment, nnd then sprang after her. ' Why, Una what's you going away for?' she cried dolefully, then glanced at Norah, seemed to be suddenly enlightened, and cinppcd her hand gleefully. ' Oh, Una, how silly you are— evea.ro, silly. Why, sho loves me, too.' ' .f If ' 1 Una started, stopped, and turned. It seemed that her arms instinctively clasped tho child again as she looked at Norali, flushing as site did so. Perhaps sho read in tho gill s sweet face a confirmation of Molly's eager exultant statement. Her rigid mouth relaxed, lie eyes grew soft again, and sho let her little hands holding her dress draw her a few paces back wards into the room. Does Miss Caslicl Iovo you, Molly ?' sho asked gently. 'Of course sho does,' Molly promptly affirmed — 'ever so much, Una! Not so much as you, but better than undo Red mond, ail' lots an' lots better than mamma. Why, sho let me stay with her all last night, an' told mo 'bout tho princess an' tho lion ; an' to-day she took mo out twice nil' played with mo, an' so I just know sho loves mo?' Tho child ran across to Norah nnd pulled nt her skirt. ' You do love mo — don't you, Miss Casheir sho concluded, breathless and confident. 'Very much, dear,' Norali said simply. Again sho hardly know what to say, so bowildered was sho. Una's face and oyes still wore thiol softened expression, but hi tho latter tlioro shone a trace of that odd, disdainful, satirical. Sho was tho taller of the two, und she looked down at Norall's brown head nnd eager face with a mixture of coldness and doubt 'Miss Coshol, I am afraid, you are imprudent. You ore Impdly choosing th royal road to tlio good graeos of Mrs. Subine.' ' I iovo children. Mrs. Sabine's pleas ure or displeasure has nothing to do with my feelings, and makes no sort of differ ence to inc.' Norah spoko with coolness and dignity, but sho could not prevent the burning colour from flying . to her checks. Tlio tones of tho silvery voice, the gleam of tho largo bright oyes had seemed to taunt her, and slio stooped and kissed tho child. ' Good uigllt, Molly dear. Our fairy tulo must wait until to morrow. I will go now,' 'Stay.' Una's firm wliito band wns laid upon hcrsliouldor. 'jinvo 1 oucnucu you ? lluvo I hurt you ? I did not mean to do cither, you silly child. You must nut iniml inc. I am not liko other pcoplo— I say and do all kinds of things. Every ono ut Kilclienani will tell you that.' Sho laughed — a pcculinr laugh. ' I know I was rudo,' sho admitted j ' and I beg your pardon, llut, although you are angry '—looking keenly into Norall's eyes — ' I liko you a thousand times better for being honestly voxed than I should liavo done for taking my rudeness meekly, or simpering as though you did not under stand it. Yet you know that what I said is true 1' The imperious question, tho haughty look compelled a reply. Norah faltered unwillingly — ' I aui afraid so.' ' It is so. Each day that you live hero you will know it bettor and better,' Una whispered in Noruh's car, and with her hand tightening upon her shoulder. She dropped upon hor knees suddenly, and caught tho child to her heart ognin. ' More,' sho said hoarsely — ' if tills poor littlo soul lay dead between us now, there a tear over her but those of tho ignorant aro no beneath this roof that would drop peasant girl who nurses her and — my own.' Una muttered tho last two words in a convulsive whisper. Norall's oars barely caught thcin, and, had they dono so, she would not have known what reply te make. Sho stood looking nt tlio kneeling figure of this strango beautiful woman holding tho child to her breast, and there was silonco for a while. Una herself broke it. Sho rose quietly, stili clasping tho child tightly to Iter, and spoke ill an alto gether different tone. ' I nin very remiss, I am afraid, Miss Cashcl. I have not yet asked you how you liko Kilchcnora. Have you seen enough of it to judge yet V ' So far I like tho place very much. In summer it must lie lovely.' Taken aback nt the cool languid indifference of manner and tone, Nornh was yet quick to under stand. That past emotion, passionately breaking out and forcibly repressed, the hot vehement words, were to lie passed over — ignored. 'I am suro I shall like it. I came hero meaning to do that,' she concluded, ' Did you come hero of your own accord ? Did you wish to come?' Una demanded suddenly. 'Certainly. I am my own mistress. There is no one who has any control over ine or any right to influence me,' said the girl rather sadly, her thoughts flying back to tlio indulgent dead father, and with a complete forgetfulncss- of or any indiffer ence to tho claims of Mr. George Sintrnui. I wanted to get my own living, for I was tired of depending upon iny relatives — although they were very kind,' she added loyally, and wondering, even while she spoko, tlmt she should feel «« eWMw,- tially inclined towards this beautiful strango woman, whoso namo sho did not know. ' You havo no parents, I think ?' Una asked, in tlio sumo impulsivo restless way. ' No ; I don't remember my mother, and my father died a littlo more than a year ago.' 'And my father died ' Una checked herself, and clutched her throat tightly. Sho laughed almost as satirically as she bad laughed before, but so harshly fliuf It unriuiiii rutin U'ftlllfl llfivn Hnntwlru mure musical and mirthful, and her face so immediately resumed its former express ion that Norali had hardly time to wonder what this now emotion meant. 'Poor child,' Una said softly — 'poor child !' — tlion turned her eyes to tho fire and was silent. Norali did not know how it was that tears rushed into her eyes. Such displays were by no means common with her ; but they rose so quickly that the two figures before her became blurred. She might have let them master her entirely, but just then a distant bell clanged. Divining wlint it was, the girl brushed away the glittering tear-drops from her eyes as the door opened nnd Moya camo hurrying in. ' It's the second bell, please, miss,' she said addressing Norali. ' Tho misthress was afraid yo wouldn't hear up here.' ' How did Sirs. Sabine know I was here ?' Norali asked quickly. ' Mrs. Malono tould her, I'm thinking, miss,' Moya rejoined respectfully ; and, quietly withdrawing to a distant part of tho room, sho began to busy licrsclf there. She did not seem to notice Una, who had risen swiftly upon her entrance, and ' now gently stopped nnd kissed Molly. ' Good night, my pet, my bird. Bid Miss Cashol good night ' too.' Obcdintly and readily the little creat ure raised her fnco for Norall's kiss. Embracing Molly tenderly, tlio girl, instead of releasing her, held her, and glanced from her faco to Una's question- ingly. ' Molly partly introduced you to mo as ' Una, ' ' she said smiling. ' May I ask her now to perform the other half of tho ceremony.' 'Certainly. Una's lip curled j the mocking look Hashed back into her eyes. ' Tell Miss Caslicl my name, Molly !' sho said curtly. ' Why, it's Una I' Molly averred tersely. ' Miss Cashcl knows that. But whatolse?' ' Nothing else,' affirmed Molly sturdily. ' Only Una.' ' You hear, Miss Casliel — ' — the defiant beautiful eyes rested upon Norall's face tlion dropped coldly as tho speaker turned to tho door — 'that is my name. Only Una.' Surely, Norah thought, following her, slio would say something now that they were alono — would laugh, would explain that this was only a jest perpetrated by an ignorant child. But sho walked on through tho dimly-lighted corridor and down tho echoing old stairs in her black glittering rube, her goldon head erect, and Una paused also, and looked at her (jucstiooipgly. ' What is it ?' slio asked. 'Am I expected to dross V Norali asked glancing doubtfully nt the heavy folds of her dark serge gown. ' I forgot to ask Mrs. Sabine.' ' It docs not matter — it is as you please,' Una returned indifferently. ' Mrs. Sab ine docs not 'dress,' neither -does. Mr. Ardmore. Yes ' — her eyes qniekly follow ing tlio other's glance- at. her- own sparkling uttiic — ' 1 dress, as you see — sometimes. It'passcs away in an hour.' Norah would have replied, Baying . tlint in that coso alio would not do so, being indeed lienrlilv irlnd to esenno from wtmf she had always looked upon as 'ni' tiresome ceremony, but tlmt there came an interrup tion. A soft voice called front tho upper end of the corridor, and Mrs. Sabine's tall slender figure, arrayed in a deep-red toa- gown, appeared just outside the door of her apartment. ' Is that you, dear. Ario you ready. Will you come down with me.' Norali, knowing that Mrs/ Subino .was addressing her ran down tho corridor. Mrs. Sabine had not oven glanced at Una. Drawing her hand, with a caress ing gesture through tlio girl's arm, she led her down. Una did not follow. She stood still until another door in tlio cen tre of the wide passago opened and Redmond Ardiuaro camo out. Ho had changed his rough tweed suit, and wore block, although it was not cut in ortho dox evening fashion. Tlio sombroticss of this costume mado the liandsomo liollow- cheukcd young faco look more gaunt nnd haggard than it had in tlio oarly morning sunshine. Ho saw Una standing there, her jot spangles sparkling and shining, and advanced quickly, -, .-. 'So you aie coining down, Una. Are you better?' ' I havo not been ill,' sho returned curtly. ' I thought, as you did not appear at breakfast this morning ' ' I did not choose to como down,' she interrupted coldly. 'I was awako all night, so I slept all day. What docs it matter ? Tho timo drags, sleeping or waking. Is lie hotter ?' - Sho asked tho question with such abruptness" that. Redmond started. Ho asked quickly — ' How did you know that lie wns not well.' ' Editli told me. Ts he— as nsunl ? She would not tell me, und now you will not, it appears. Bo dumb,, if you will,' she cried, witli sudden passion, stomping her foot as lie still seemed to hesitate. ' What do I enro ?' She would have rushed past liiin, but that he caught her hand quickly. _ ' Husli, Una 1 Why aro you so impa tient !' lio said, with a toucli of authority in his voice such as ho might have shown to an unreasonable and refractory child. 1 1 did not mean to ovndo you. When do I refuse to answer your questions, if I can answor thein ?' ' Not often, she said, her passion appar ently auhsidingos rapidly as it had arisen, and speaking in. a tono of dreary deliber ation strange, so hopeless, so pathetic, and yet so reckless and defiant was it. 'No— it is true. You hate me, but hardly as Edith liatcs me. Is there any hatred to equal that with which a woman can liato a woman, do you think, in all this world of hnte ?' Why do you dwell upon it, Unnf ho asked uneasily, and yet as though ho would soothe her. H«» »«—, >««i ins inatniei were expressive of dislike. 'What good docs it do 1' ' I don't know — I don't know.' She passed licr hand wearily over her fore head, and looked at hiin again, speaking in a different tone. 'You havo not answered mo now, Redmond. Is ho better V ' In ono sense — yes. He slept and awoko as usual. He seems no worse now.' ' Thank you.' Slio moved forward a few steps, then camo back to him with u impulsive movement. 'Redmond, who ' Miss Caslicl, do you mean ?' _ ' Of course ! Who else ? Through whom did she eoino licre V 'Through a friend of Edith's— Mrs. Hutton. You havo heard of her. Why 3' ' Why i' she impatiently echoed. ' Is alie fit for such a liouse;as this? Sho is good, pretty, innocent. Was Edith mad, or— with an indescribable intonation — ' only selfish 1' I think — I have always thought— that it was a mistake,' Redmond said un willingly. 'Amistako? It is cruel I' Una cried passionately. CHAPTER VI. A fobtnioht had passed— fourteen days of rain nnd wind, sleet and hail, with now and then a touch of frost and snow, brightened by furtivo gleams of pnle sun- sliino. Norali Cashel hod settled down to her very fow and fight duties as Mrs, Sabino's companion, and had got used to tho routine of her lifo at Castle Kilchc nora. Surely a very easy thing to do. For never was tho day's round of occupation and duty more monotonously regular any where than in this.great house; nowhere could life present less excitement or diver sity. No visits were paid— none received. It seemed that the inhabitants of Castlo Kilchcnora led a life apart, cut off from tlieir kind. Surely, then, tho occupation of ' companion ' sat lightly enough ? And yet not so very cosily, after all. Norali Caslicl, with keen . bright eyes, not less inquisitive and curious tluin the rest of her sex, striving to peer beueath tho veil which, it scerairf to her, these peoplo who shared her daily life, wore, found plenty to puzzle her and mucli to be troubled about. And foremast always in her med itations stood out tlio figuro of beautiful inscrutable Una. Who was sho ? Why had slio no name but that by which little Molly and every other person in tho Castlo called her? Was it a whim, the fancy of a most whimsical and fanciful creature? Grant ing that — and Norah adapted that con clusion in default of finding another more satisfactory — much yet remained to per plex tlio girl. For ono thing, why did this strong healthy girl, who could get . a lining elsewhere if she had /no means, remain nt Castlo Kilchenora, where she hated and wns hated hy those about her ? For Norali, in hor straightforward honesty, cunld not disguise. that fact,, or iretond to herself that alio did not see it. Urs. S«1)jnc-ww)io to herself was eflfcc- ; tionato and caressing, to lior her brother kind nnd genial, to her servants consider ate and gentle— relentlessly hnted this beautiful Una. And Una, fully as remorselessly, and with bitterest defiance and bravado, in turn hated nnd scorned Mrs. Sabine. Every look nnd word that passed between tho two proclaimed this hatred. Outwardly poliio and self-pos sessed as both were, the ono coldly scorn ful, the other bitterly sarcastic nnd defiant, Norali Cashcl had not been ninny davs at Castlo Kilchcnora beforo she was aware of this stnto of affairs. And, uctoro mo ouu ot a fortnight, tho girl, to her great surprise, knew something else — tlmt, although Edith Sabine was to licr always kind and affectionate, and Una sometimes absolutely rude, delighting to bring the angry colour to her cheeks, as she had done tlmt first night in littlo Molly's nursery, yet whilo sho merely placidly endured she had for tho other a passionate hais .inflection, and sympathy — a strango ( Jox fcoling for which sho could findi' 'adequate name. Perhaps tho secret lay in tho ono thing wherein tho two resembled each other — the iovo which each bore to littlo plaintivo- fucod Molly. This formed a bond botwecn tlioin, for Norah soon discovered that only in her presence did Una show her affection for tlio child— an affection which wns so stealthy, secret, and passionnta in its idolising intensity „s to be at times absolutely painful to sec— a devotion which the little crcnlurarcpaid as fondly as it was iavishjf-ijjn Mrs. Sabine's presence, and itc-.vS) """"also, though in a less degree, t\s thuniuld almost ignore tho child ; and tliONil>6 one, with her solemn pathetic pre't"1." -lever, when in her mother's sight, Beotlvffi1 t0 nmko any advances to tho statement Norali, studying Mrs. Sabinda. ' 'lly und clearly, felt that iierff'"01' J'i" 'riew of Una's passionato cc fiy nul . potion for the child as well nsA'tijh herself had known it from tlio niuSjVb that slio had seen tho two clasped in each other's embrace. No word ever passed between thorn upon tho subject ; but Norah felt that she was trusted not to speak of this love which, it seemed, dared notbc openly avowed, Without saying a word, though with ntuuh wondering, sho accepted this trust ; and so, still without speech, 'a sort of confidence arose between the two. Occasionally, but ti,V iflfe", when Norali run up to tho ntflui apri<\- whisper a fniry-tnle ill tho fircligRipwiio delighted Molly's cars, and to talk with tlio child in tho quiet lioui before dinner, whilst Mrs. Snbino slept on the coucli in her luxurious room and Moyn chattered in tlio kitchen Una, sometimes in dinner-dress, a beau tiful radiant figure, nt others in n looso robe, with her goldon hair streaming about hor shoulders, would como in, and, kneeling upon tlio rug, or leaning back in u great leather chair, would hold tho littlo thing in her arms, while Norah, in tlio brightest and most graphic languago which alio could command, would recount tlio woos of somo enchanted prince and princess, nnd tlio subsequent and certainly well-earned bliss of tho loving couple ever afterwards. Sometimes too, whon Norali, '"knowing pretty Moya's liking' fo/'Mio servant's quarters down-stairs,- where there wns abundance of food .and 'gossip, would, later in the evening, r,un up to the nursery to sco that .nlk, was Jwcll »jth Molly, slio would seo a figure benrfjest yjondcrly , ovor dio crib in tho'vulowjrjtt' raor, ond.wnnld steal away urijiech. Ai,irull other times — but these were few and far between — when out in tlio park, every picturesquo moss-tangled path of which she was beginning to know well, and where sho went with Molly overy afternoon when tho woather permitted, no longer waiting to ask Mrs. ftabino's careless languidly- given consent, Una would suddenly join thein, wrapped in fur cloak and cap, and walk quiotly beside Norali, either gloomily gazing straight beforo her, or more cheer fully following littlo Molly's gambols, aud not speaking a dozen words. One of vmuuv wvwmiwiie ivaiiunuu lull £ JU A1UIUII S memory, for it revealed to her something else that was odd about Castlo Kilche nora, 'Have you ever been outsido this horrible park— or wilderness, rather — onco since you came here, Miss Casliel ? ' Una asked on a day when she had thus joined them. It had been a blustering: morning, following upon a rough ani: blustering night, but now in tlio early afternoon, tlio wind had lulled. Patches of faint forgct-mc-not blue struggled out from the cloudy gray of the sky, and the sun made a watery effort to shine. ' I went yesterday to Kilkecl with Mrs. Sabine. That is tho first time I have been outsido this park,' Norah answered promptly. She was too well used now to Una's speeches to comment upon them, or slio would lmvo protested against this depreciatory description of the park, witli the sylvan solitudes of which she . was every day fulling more1 and more com pletely in Iovo. 'I know,' Una retorted impationtly. 'I mean — havo you over walked over the downs to the cliffs ?' . ; 'No. I am not often out so early, as this ; and I'm afraid it would bo too fur for Molly.' ' It is not very far — not -nearly so far as it looks. Shall wo go now?' ' If you like,' Norah returned rather doubtfully. ' I do like. I'm sick of tho miserable endless sighing and sobbing of tlicso trees, and tho ceaseless monotony of tlieir huge bare trunks,' Una cried. 'It is like somo of tho horrible black wildernesses that Dunto wandered through. Look at the gnarlecl old tilings, with their creeping writhing branches. Don't you remember that place Dante describes, Norali, where the souls ol tho damned and tho suicides aro imprisoned in tlio trees, nnd their agony shrieks out wordless? , Couldn't you fancy that this was that abode of torture? Horrible! Frightful I' And then sho stood still and 1 shuddered vio lently. Oh, Una, hush I' Nornh vory rarely called hor by her numo — it wps so awk ward, she thought — nnd would not havo dono so now but that the other's words, so oddly uttered, had oxcitod hor compas sion. Hush ! ' sho said. ' Seo— you aro frightening Molly.' . . ' Yes, yes — I know !' Una shivered, again, then laughed with a harsh forced lightness. It is only a farioy, . child— don't look so scared. Did-I frighten you, my bird. Sho stopped and gently lifted littlo. Molly, who was looking up" at her in womjerjog routpj- oyed aeigeut. 1 Well, will you como ?' slio said im- pntioutly. 1 Or shall I go alone. ' I'll come,' said Norali promptly. Una returned no answer, but, still carrying tho child, which alio wns ablo to do easily, walked on a littlo in advance of her companion. Presently tlio narrow path , opened out ill a broad ronlcy- green expanse, skirted by a low brokon fence, with a dilapidated wicket-gato swinging upon ono liingo. Una paused in licr swift walk, waiting for Norali to comotip to her. '.Sec.' sho said, noddine towards the gate—' that is tho boundary of tlio park upon this side, bliss Caslicl. Row long is it, do you think, sinco I passed it.' 'I . don't know,' Norah returned, hesitating to hazard a guess, for Una's tone and look were so singulnr. ' It is nearly eight years.' Eight years ?' involuntarily echoed tho girl. 'Eight. years.' Una repeated. 'You wero a child- eight years ago, and I as young ns you aro now. And in all that time I have never onco crossed tho boundaries of Castlo Kilchcnora.' Her voice sank: to a' whisper. ' How I hato the place 1' she inuttcrca. ' How I loathe it with all my soul.' To almost any ono else bright ready-; tongued Norali would hnvo returned some answer; but slio could not do so with Una — to many of her speeches silenco' seemed tho only possiblo reply. Slio waited until they reached tho little gato which was reeking with moisture, -and then said, as she held it away from licr companion's dress — . ' ' Is it far to tho seashore. Can wo got right down to tho beach from horo.' 'Yes.' Una's voico had sunk to its usual coldly indifferent tone'; ; ' There is — or there was— a footpatli down tho side of tho cliff; but I hardly i think wo can get so far with Molly. But wo can obtain a good viow of tlio sea.' ' Then that alone is worth coining for !' Norah said cheerfully, as sho let the crazy wicket swing to behind her. ' I Iovo tlio sen.' - ' Do you. I did— once.' The gloomy brooding tono in which tho words wero uttcicd warned Norali to make no reply. The short coarso turf beneath her feet was slippery and spongy, giving her enough to do to maintain her balance ; hut Una walked on firmly, not alackening her pace again until they Iinil nenrly reached tlio pathway which ran close to tlio edge of tho cliff, Tho quiot was suddenly broken by another sound beside tlint of the ceaseless wash of water at its base— a sound of talking and laughter. Norah understood at once ; a party, as yet unseen, was evidently climbing the faco of tho cliff hy tho winding path. The girl was startled by Una's abrupt halt. She stood still, lotting Molly slip from her arms to the ground. ' There's somo ono coming,' sho said. The colour wliioh the rapid motion nnd keen air had brought to Iter checks faded, and left her white. 'Didn't you hear 1' she demanded sharply. 'Yes,' Norah returned, puzzled. 'It is soino people climbing the cliff.' The voices and laughter grew nearer and louder, and soon the heads of a party of tourists, consisting of a stout middle aged father and . mother, a couple of younger , men aud women, Imcarao risiblo abovo tho cliff. / ; Ttnn. glanced aruuuti her, then1 dcli- berately advanced and stood still, clasping tho child to her side. Her figuro was drawn up to its full height, her head erect, hor great purple-gray eyes blazed. There wcro such bravado and defiance, such hnughty contemptuous disdain and scorn in both expression and attitudo, that Norah started at her wonderingly. The advancing party, on socing hor, seemed utterly scared. Tho men, old aud young, uttering a cry of profound astonishment and discomfiture, blundered hurriedly by ; the two girls shrank away with sharp littlo exclamations of dismay ; and tho Ujj lltu tuui' UI uiu Uin- concerned party, drew uway to tho utmost limits of the narrow path, holding licr voluminous skirts from contact with tho folds of Una's fur cloak with a gesture of repulsion, and, casting upon tlio woman and child a look of insolent contempt, passed swiftly on. It was over in a moment, and tlieir figures wero becoming indistinct in tho gloom as they hurried along the foot-path. Norah, in licr perplexity and amazement, could only stare at Una. She stood for a moment absolutely motionless, ' theii, dropping upon licr knees and straining Molly tightly to hor breast, slio burst into loud, shrill, mocking laughter, inughing again and yet again, recklessly, violently, until licr breath was gone and she could only pant as sho knelt. Tlio child, struggled from her clasp and ran to Norall's side, who, alarmed herself, and perplexed by ' oho strango occurrence, neither moved nor spoke. Una roso abruptly. Her faco wns deathly pale, and her largo oyes glowed brightly. Slio laughed again, but more quietly, passing her hand over her forehead. 'Havo you seen enough of tho sea, Miss Caslicl 1 Shall go back (' ' What does it mean V Norali exclaimed indignantly — it was impossible for her to' keep silent. ' Aro they mod ? How did tliov dare insnlt von so?' 'Insult mo?' Una repeated slowly. 'Mo?' Again sho laughed. ,'Wliy— what did tlioy say I' 'Sayl' Norali repeated. Shu was choking with wrath — for Una's sake, not for hor own, for none of tlio party liud appeared to sco ?ior — and she could not utter another word, 'Ay— say. Una suidagain. 'Not ono word, Nornh— did they. Not ono word. And, lind tlioy dono so, and tho sky had not fallen, don't you know that I would not have uttered a syllablo in reply lmd my life hinged upon it. Bah. No. What docs alio know, poor child.' ' Say. No— they said nothing 1' Norah cried angrily. Tho last two sentences had been muttered so low that sho had not caught them. 1 But thoy looked nt you as if— as if ' Sho broke off again, utterly unable adequately to express herself. ' Oh, it was abominable 1' sho cried. ' Whut did they all mean. But not ono word of reply would' Una utter. Sho lifted littlo Molly .in- hor arms agnin, and walked on rapidly, neither turning her head nor showing any con sciousness of her companion's' proximity. Not oven when tho Castlo was reached did she break tho silence, but, setting down tl)o cbikj wjiwj the puwago (ending ,o her room was reached, disappeared down it, speechless still. Norah heard hor lock her door ; and, by-and-by, when she lind safely delivered Molly into Moya's charge, and gaily chatted to Mrs. Sabine in that lady's dressing-room while tho grim Mrs. Malono dressed lier for dinner, telling her about tho walk which slio had just taken in tho park, sho loyally respected another mute confidcnco which she knew was placed in hor, aud. said not a word of Una or of tlio encounter on the edge of tlio cliff. But to tlio many enigmas of Castlo Kilchenora she had added another, mora liuunting and per sistent tlmn any which had yet assailed her. What could bo the history of tho ploco tlmt it -wns thus shunned? And why was at least ono of its inhabitants avoided, as though there were contamina tion in the very glanco of hor oyes and tho touch of her garments, as if Iter very beauty were a horrible and ropulsivo thing, liorself a creature to bo recoiled from shuddaringly, and 'passed by on tho other sido'? CHAPTER VII. ' If I felt as dutiful as would bocomo me,' said Norali Caslicl to licraelf reflectively, ' I should probably sit down and write exhaustively to aunt Molyneux and tho girls. But I don't. If I feltasuffectinn- ato as I ought to do, I should, no doubt proceed to indito a voluminous and roman tically-loving, cpistlo to Gcorgo. But I don't again. I feel .uncompromisingly; lazy; and I shall just ainuso myself some how until I am turned from a young woman, with timo oil her hands, into a real companion again — in other words, until Mrs. Sabine comes back. The only quostion is — what shall I do. I'd go out but tlmt it is raining so ntroeiously.' Here Norali, who wns standing by the window, looked out in disgust, and shrugged licr shoulders. 'Worse than ever. I thought so. I knew what it would be out in tho park. Swish, swash, sludge— mud over my ankles. Ugh. No, thank you — I'll find something to do indoors ; but the question again is — what. I declare being nt other people's book and call for a month lias quito spoiled nio far amusing myself. I don't know how to sot about it-.' Norall's leisure was certainly sufficiently unusual to bo a little embarrassing. Mrs. Snbino was from home — somo friends of hers .were staying for a day or two at Ivilkccl, and sne had driven over to lunch and dine with them. Who tlioy wcro Norali did net know ; but slio knew that it was an evidently recognised thing that no visitor should como to Castle Kil chenora. Little Molly, who had for the last few days been suffering from a feverish cold, was asleep in tlio nursery under Moya's care, far too iunguid and fretful to care even for fairy tales ; Una, as was often licr capricious fancy, had not appeared all day; and Redmond Well, Norali did not know whore Red mond could be ; sho very seldom did know. Indeed tlio girl had by this time como to regard resignedly this handsome, grave nielancholy-lookiiig young man as tlio most hopelessly unimpressionable and un- ncconntablo specimen ofliis sex that lind ever fallen in her way, and decided, with a little natural chagrin, that, if he wcro not oither blind or sulky, he must bo most hopelessly stupid. Not that slio wqnted him to fall in Iovo Willi her — was slat not engaged to ' Georgia '?— but she did .want hini to show that ho admired licr, as so many pleasant, good-natured, and good- looking young men had done even whon she was a shabby poor cousin in Mcrrion Square. It was exasperating to be looked at with such perfectly in different und uninterested eyes, to bo seldom addressed, never sought uftcr, and often, obviously avoided and ignored. Norah was no moro vain than so pretty and charming a girl had a right to bo ; but tho young man's indifference was vary unpleasant. Sho found it decidedly annoying, and, had Mr. Redmond Ard- uiuiu ever gnuu nor mo cuaiicc, would lmvo snubbed him with all tho goodwill in the world. Had slio known that lie know by heart every varying expression of her face, every inlloxion in her voico, sho would havo been ninazed indeed. But Norali, standing idly beforo tho fire in her room, wondering what she should do to whilo away tho time, did not know it, and was not thinking of Redmond at tho moment. Sho did not want to read, sho did not want to play; sho hated needlework nnd abominated fancy-work ; to sit and stare at tho lire, doing nothing was an art which sho had nover been able to cultivate. 'What should sho do. A sudden thought struck her. Her face brightened as she sprang towards tlio door, then clouded over doubtfully, nnd sho stood hesitating with the handle in licr hand. 1 Well, nnd why not ?' slio said aloud questioning herself rcmonstrativcly. 'I don't sco why I shouldn't. Mrs. Sabino would say ' Yes ' in n moment, I know, if only I lind thought to ask her ; und I can't do any harm, anyhow. Tho rooms aro full of nothing but dusty, musty, fusty furniture, and cobwebs and spiders aud beetles, and it will pass away in timo to look through them. I wish I had thought, of it before, and asked Mrs. Sabino if I might ; but as I didn't, it can't ho holncd. I slml! tail l.n- ,„i.„.. slio comes home, of course. So now for it. I'll explore tlio north wing first.' ' It was a natural thought, and,' when onco it had occurred to licr it was little wonder that she decided upon carrying it out. Una had long ago takcu her nil over tho rest of Castle Kilchcnora, but not through this north wing. Ono or two of tho upper rooms wero used as storo-reonis and lumber- rooms, Una bad told her; but tlio principal apartments bad not been used for years— ns many as fifty, slio boliovcd. Tlioy wero full of nnciont furniture, moth-eaten hangings, faded pioturcs, moro broken decaying rubbish— it was not worth whilo to dis turb tlieni. Norali, tired with tlio explo rations already mode, and not then liktriL' fcn lll'rrn n. wish in nrtrtnutf in«> of her conductress, had acquiesced readily enough ; but she hue always folt moro or less curious about tho north wing. Now it suddenly flashed into hor mind tiiat slio sliould take ndvantago of this oppor tunity and explore it. There was a spice of adventure about tho idea that pleased her, flushed her face, nnd made her heart beat more quickly as she ran swiftly down the stairs and reached tho great wido hall. No 0110 was about; tlio groat |iro hod bufjiod ilyelf down into a crimson glow ; a liugo rough- coated dog of nondescript breed, who usually trotted about at Redmond s heel, lay Btrctehcd asleep on tho rug beforo it. There wns no ono to sco or to call her back, nnd, hesitating only to glance about her for a moment, she ran across tho hall towards tho entrance to tho north wing. A mnssivo oaken door shut off thin portion of tho building— a door heavily iron-bound and nail-studded, ns wero most of tlio doors at Castle Kilchcnora — a door so ponderous and weighty, and which turned upon its hinges so creakingly and unwillingly that it required all the girl's strength and dexterity to push it back. Rut slio opened it at last, and, letting it softly closo behind lier, stood with her heart beating fnstor than it had beaten yet, and looked about her in tlio soft gray light which struggled feebly through ono great stained window above her head. ' Suppose,' slio thought — ' suppose I should rouso up from his or her slumbers somowhero in ono of theso deserted old rooms tho Kilchcnora ghost I ' It was not a comfortable thought to assail ono just then, and Norali, although tlio least superstitious of sensiblo little womon, was conscious of a disagreeable shiver, and knew that for -a moment she fairly quaked in licr shoes. Then she said 'Pooh 1' and resolutely opened tho nearest door and peered within. . Many doors slio opened, nnd looked into many rooms, seeing in each nothing more exciting than almost tho counter part of nil tho other— viz., heaps of dis ordered broken furniture,' tattered and worn carpets, cobweb-hung ceilings, old dust-laden pictures glaring from tarnished frames, torn hnngings dropping from rusty fastenings— decay, neglect, mildew every where. Norali let tho last door bang, and gave a littlo shrug and shudder of disgust. , . ' Ugh 1' sho ejaculated. ' Too spidery and too full of beetles 1 If all of it is as bad ns this, I'm afraid it was hardly worth tho trouble of coming. What a shame it seems, though. There are rooms cnougli here, all rotting and wasting, to houso a regiment. Now, shall I go back and tell Molly a fairy-tale — poor littlo mito ! — or shall I go up these mouldy stairs?' (t ode continued.) 