SHORT NOTICE. "Children, Racehorses, and Ghosts" is the com prehensive title under" which Mr. Edward H. Coo per collects and republishes a. number of short stories which have already appeared in various English and American magazines, and are now issuedin a single volume in Duckworth's Colonial Library- An interesting reference is made in the preface to the late Mrs. Lynn Lin ton, who, apropos of one of the stories, remarked to the author, "If you take my advice, you will never in your stories make an Englishman afraid of anything." There are eighteen stories in all within the compass of the 2G0 pages which consti tute the modest little collection, so it will be seen that none of them have space to be tedious. They are, on the contrary, brightly and deftly told, while they exhibit considerable versatility on tha part of the writer. The "Morphia Angel" is a pretty fancy. "A Problem Play" and "Tadnior in the Wilderness" are touched with a somewhat conical humor; while pathos and ' tragedy are plentifully provided in the rest. A fortnightly newspaper, entitled "Brat-ka Sloga," announces itself as "the first Croatian newspaper published in New Zealand," and con tains articles, items of news, letters, etc., in this 'language, as well as á column or two or reading matter in English. A copy pf the latest Issue of "The Wealth and Progress of New South Wales," by Mr. T.I A. Cogh lan (Government Statistician), has reached us from the - author. ' A volume bearing Mr; jGoghlan's hame on the ti tie page needs no special recom mendation to the public, and we think that in his latest work the Government» Statistician has sat isfactorily overcome a difficulty which he states he experienced in preparing the volume, viz., of making it interesting to persons outside New South Wales, who are not concerned about the de tails of local affairs, and at the same time useful to those who are engaged in the active life of the colony, and who require such details". Mr. Cogh lands excellent method of converting a great mass of statistics into interesting and instructive read ing is seen to advantage in this volume. The work opens 'with a- concise historical sketch of New South Wales, and is followed by chapters on the following subjects: "Physical Configuration," "Climate," "Geological Formation," "Fauna," "Flora," "Constitution, and Government," "Ship ping," "Commerce," "Forestry and - Fisheries;'* "Mines and Minerals," "Land Legislation and Ad ministration." "Rural Settlement," "Agricultural Production," "Pastoral Industry," "Industrial History," "Employment and Production," "Inter nal Communication," "Population." "Vital Statis tics," "Instruction, Science, ano Religion," "So cial Condition," "Law and Crime," "Food, Cost of Living, and Prices," "Defence," "Public Finance1," "Private Finance," and "Local Government." ; Among the pictures in the June number of the j "Australian Photographic Journal," a copy of J which iû to hand; ¿re two- fine specimens of half- ! 'tone engraving and printing-in views of-a Hindoo-j Temple, and thG-Canal at Madras. The letterpress, ( j as usual, is varied, and well selected; and besides, thc general run of photographic information, in cludes a number of articles on special subjects. "The Science of Man," an Australasian An ¡ thropological Journal," edited by Dr. Carroll, con tains, in the current number, articles on various j technical-subjects by different writers. From the author, Henry Ffrench Gillman, we have received a copy of "The Pickled Pasquin- ade." Mr. William Dymock's monthly list of new books and new editions shows a large and var ied collection of up-to-date reading matter, while a comprehensive supply of second-hand books is also catalogued, and an illustrated notice of the new edition of Whyte-Melville's popular novels is enclosed. 