GEERAL HES SAvI as BANK.-3& per cent. will be allowed .on all nooounts remaining open in the Savinga Bank of New Sounlh Wales at the end. of the onrrent year. \- Yeelerday'o Daily Telegraph, under the heading of Goulburo, eays-".An entertain. ment to night, in the Sobool of Arti ha:l, in coonectioa with the hospital do. monstration, paeend off soooeelfully. The operettas Her Unole'a Ghost and Blind Beg Bara were sueceeefully staged, and a good programme of songs and Inetrumonlal items was given by an eflio[eht orohestra, under the . conduotorehip of Mr. T. H; Massey." No. thing of tho kind ioaurged here. Still some" retidente of Ooulbnrb ay they can soo all the news they went in the Sydney papers." A. P. and H. Soeiety.-An adjourned meeting will bo held in the cociety's ofllies, Herald Chambers, next Wednesday at 8.30 p.m, to oonfirm resolotion passed at general mooting ro altoration in the mannor of voting -. at sunual mooeiog. Correotioo.-It in Captain Victor 0. M' SBllbeim who is a nophew of the late Mr. E. V. Moniteot, and not. tLeulooant.Oolonol Codringtoo, as stated in last leans. [Oop tain Bellhoim aind Lionteonnt- Colonel Cod. rioglon, with a dozen men of the Coldsteamv, swam nearly acroEs the Modder river to reoonnoitre, in. the faoo of a heavy fire, bat' were forted to return.] Excursion to Melbourne.-Cheap tickets to Melbourne will be iesned by the special train leaving Goulburn.t 8.50 p.m. on Thursday, 21st Detemb!r, available for return by the. 6.15 a.m. mail train from Melbourne up to Thursday 18th January. Parlioular are advertised. Acqoittal.-At Sydney quarter-seaoions on Tnoeday before his Honor Judge Fitlhardiogse Simeon Alexander Mos ws a ocqoitted to the charge of having neeaulted Stanloy Augustso Lake;. Mr. Hamilton, initraoted by Meeas. - Bawlinoon and Hamilton, appeared for the aconsed. Death.-An old Barrows resident, Michael Murphy of Phil'q Creek, was buried at Frog-, - more on Wedneoday. Ho was ninety. years old, eixty of which ho bpe&t; in the Bar-' ' rown diotrict. Ho was formerly an extensoie. landholder, but recently met with reverses. The death is announoed of the Right Hon. Sir Peter O'Brion, Bart, Lord Ohlef-juetice of Ireland, at the age of fity-eight. . Acoident.-Mies Sanderson of Myooum met with a serioou accident through the horse she was riding bolling and throwing her. Her foot stock in the elirrnp-iron, and she was dragged some dietanoe, resolting in oteloua Injory to - her head. Armenian Atrocities.-The Kurde pilloged the village of Keostr and massacred threeo hundred of the inhabitants. Madamo Melba on 'Toeday. ppeared in. tbo opera of "Luoia di Limmermoor" atl Berlin. The Emperor and Empress of Ger- . many wore present. The performance was most ancoossel,. It was declared that aneer had nooh etlhnuianm been displayed at a Berlin theatre. Quoeneland.-The far weat of Quenslendl is in a wretched condition owing to the ' prolonged drought. Mulgo, the last resouroe in times of drought, has been greatly oeut down. - MUnieipan.-The mayor and teverl other - alderman of Brisbane are on a visit to Sydney for the purposo of inquiriog into the worklog of the oily concil. Borglary.-At Maatorton (New Zealand) burglars abloroformed the inmates of a house: and ransacked the premises. The Berry. show began on Wednesday under favourable conditions. Dairy tootk exhibited were especially fle. An Excited Meeting.-- r. Biosbrdeon, a well-known Auckland temperaone lecturer, - was arrested at Wellington (N.Z.) on Tuesday night for non-payment of coots in a hotel oase. Various offers were made by sym pathisere to pay the money, and BnbBequently a well-known brewer paid it. Mr. Richardson protested, but the police said that as the money was paid he could not remain in the lookup. Wagga Vitduet.-Tbh roplaaoment 6 No. - 1 ooteion of the wooden railway viadaot,' eompriaiog. 112 30ft. opons, with a steel viadoot, wos completed on Wednesday morn ing, when the I lst eixa paou were thrown ofl and roplaoed with the improved style. Unatamped BRoeiptl,-Biohbrl E. Parker was on Wedoesday at'Nowtown flned £2 in oaob of two caeos of -giving .unatmpedý receipts. Doaendant stated he gave om-i plainant the money'to put the etampa on. Libel Atlion.-A settlement of the libel nation, Ge'org v. Blow, both ofvhom are Sydney photographere, Bha been tfleced. "" Death in Joil.-A woman named Mrs. Pain died somewhat soddonly in Darlinghaurt jail on Wedneeday night. There are grounde-for;. believing the woman committed sutioide by - takilfg poison, thore being a sonpicion that poison was by some moans or othtr passed in to her. At an inquest held yesterday the. jury reoorded a verdiot of uioiide by phos phorous poisoning, adding that the -phoi phorouo was taken on November 130,ond be fore deceaeod was admitted o the jail. Anti-British Song.-A ribald anti.Britlh - song. wbioh conoladed with a gross insult to her Majeoty the Queen, has been seized in Paris by the polio. . Admiral Dapunt of the Frenah.navy d - olared in a recent statement that the French navy was ready and able to bring many " Alabama " ogainst the Britibh, thereby intelooriog with Great Britain's meranutile marine. The Nineveb Pansongers.- eoleaso from quarantine hae been granted in tho oass of three offllrer of the Ninjveb, Eighty-thres will be allowed oat on the Oth instant, twenty-seven on the 10th instant, and fifty eix onthe 23rd instant. With Iho exception of Iho pilleuot and one or two othoro, the whole ol tho poseongero will be away from the quatanlino tation by Ohriotmas. Pticou Bovolt--The visiting jaetioon to Penteidgo (Vie) dealt on Thureday with the prisoners who on Monday reIfoed dnty on the gronod that Ibo bread served out to them was unfit to sat. There were eighty men oonoorned in this mild revolt, ond the juetieoodeeided to give endh lour daya' solitary " on half rations. Assault.-Tboe prisoner GCffey,. ohargeda with esaoulting Warder eoBsan in Balhurot jail, was yesterday oommilttd for trial to the Balhuret quarler.sensions in February ntxl, Oommittal.-A ohild, ten years of oge, has boon committed for trial at Bulli on a charge of placing an obstruotion on the Bollambi COol Oompany'a line. Strike.-A strilke haeocourrod amongst the men employed on seooop on the Lockhnrt railway. An increase wagoes in asked for.. At the Newesoelo quarter sessions yeelor day a youth nomed Arthur Hanoook was or. raigDEd on a charge of having nosaallod his father. The defooco wooas that the youth an eaulted hio father in order to protoet hig mother. A verdiot of not gullly was returned, and the jury made a Eubscription towards the. legal eoxpense of Hancock. Timber on Crown Larda.-A proeacotion of interest to ottlement leasooholders was tried at Guanodah yoetorday. Mr. Mo Donald,f eester, aoizod eighty.nine logs neat Breeza, wh;oh were olaimod by ,'Bowdeon, who applied to the buooh to reetoro them,. The bsooh ordeord that flftyofive of them. should be forfeiltedand the balance released, as they had been given for sawn timber to:bu ' used in improvements. The bonoh ataled that no setotlement loeson could remove or oelt limber lff hisloaeo without holding a licenso. At Wiloaonia quartor-.eeeioes, before Jodgo Gibson, Marehall Oampbell, tho latp counoil olork, was seotened to four yeare' penal ser vitudo for ombezzlement. A libel naotion brought by Herman Emil Kogelmann for the recuvory of £1000 Irom John Norton was commencad in Sydney .. yelterdsy. 