HE SOLD IT. "I am afraid that I once spoiled a good book agent." said the head member of a book agency. "We had gotten out an expensive reli glous book, and had advertised for agents to handle It. "Among the numerous applicants was a tall, lanky youth. I asked him if he thought he could sell books, and he said that he reckoned he could. " 'Very well,' saidi, 'I'll see what you can do. Take this book, and consider that I am your intended victim. The price of the book'runs from 2 dols. to 4 dole., but You must always endeavor to sell-the highest priced hook. although it is no disgrace if you only succeed in sell ing the cheaper kind. If you succeed in selling me a book I will hire you. Now go ahead.' "He took the book, fumbled it awk wardly, and then stammered: "'Ye don't wanter buy a book, 'do ye, mister?' "I smilingly answered that'I did not. " 'Better buy one,' said he, 'I'll sell it to ye pretty cheap.' " 'Get out of here!' I yelled, pretending to be mad. 'Don't you see that sign, "Book Agents Not Wanted?" • " 'I'll yet ye hev one for 4 dols., mister. seein' it's ye,' said he, taking off his coat and throwing it on'the floor. " 'I am afraid -' I began. "'Four dollars, mister, an' cheap at the price,' he added, as he rolled up his shirt sleeves. "I didn't like the looks of all these war like proceedings, and declared the test off. But he refused, and gave me three minutes to 'dig up' the price of the book. "While I was trying to make the fellow understand that the. joke had. gone far enough he jumped at me. "I didn't stand, the ghost of a show with the husky youth, and I soon found myself on the floor, with the would-be book agent sitting upon me, saying some thing about a book he would sell me 'powerful cheap.' . "To save my lflle I reluctantly consent ed to take one of the 2 dol. kind. :He said he was sorry, -but he only sold.the 4 dol. kind. : "He allowed me to set orie'hand loose and I produced 4 dols., whereupon he re leased me, and wanted to know how soon he could g5 to work. "I kept my word, and hired him, sent him as far West as I could, and then dis charged him by wire." 