THE GREATEST GIFT.. BY A. W> MARCHMONT Author of "By Right of Sword," " A Dash for a Throne," &C.;, &c.;) [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] The greatest gift, A woman's hear ; the heart of her I loved. CHAPTER XIX.—Continued. It stated that Esther Southerst was charged with, attempting to commit suicide, by jumping into the sea at Barrleigh, from the quay, and that she refused to give any explanation of her con- duct. She was remanded, and at the second hear- ing; refusced to say a word. Inquiries had been made, but nothing had been found out. She was a stranger whom no one knew, and had arrived in the town from no one know where in the after- noon; and as soon as the tide was in she had made her attempt and had been rescued. She was described as a dark, sharp- looking, handsome young woman of some two or three and twenty; and as money was found upon her, want had clearly not been the cause of her crime. What that cause was she refused to say. "There's the loader note," said Mr. Glyde, placing a very lean and very dirty finger on the spot. Dallas ran his eye quickly over it, looking for the point, but apparently not finding any. It was the case of a man with a fad having twisted the facts to bear upon the favourite theory. "Don't think much of the argument either, Mr. Glyde," he said, when.he had skimmed the note. "But then the report is very bare and thin. "Where is Barrleigh?" "It's really almost out of our district. It's a fishing hamlet out Tumbledon way. Do you know that?" "No, I can't say I do. I know Seacove. I sit anywhere there?" "It's about three miles, maybe four, along the coast from there." "What!" said Dallas, .feeling suddenly very interested. "No, it's not more. Barely so much." "Nothing more was heard of this case, I sup- pose?" "Yes, there was; I was going to tell you. Mr. Darkly used to have sadden fancies—fads some of us thought them—and now and again he'd send us all scattering to what he called 'work up' things. I remember now in this case (that's why I recollected so small a thing) he called me up and said, 'Glyde, I fancy we can "work up" something out of this.' 'What's that?' I asked. 'Well, I think if we could get the life of that woman Southerst, either from her- self or somebody else, it might make a bit of a splash '—that was another of his phrases. So off I went to go and play spy and private detec- tive on her track." "Well?" said Dallas. What did you do? Not a bad notion." "I don't know about a bad notion.Mr. Dallas; but I don't see that reporters are paid to go spy- ing into the private affairs of suicides," replied the old man. "All right; go on with the result," answered. Dallas, with a smile. "Well, there was no result to go on with. When I got to the place the woman had gone vanished; nobody knew where she had gone to any more than where she had come from." "But you picked up something?" "Nothing worth even a paragraph. There was some loose talk about there having been something behind; and I got hold of a woman with a tongue as long as a verbatim note, who said the woman had told her, when asked why she had been so quiet, that it paid her better than being noisy. But I got nothing definite. I wasn't sorry. I don't hold with that kind of work. Re- porting was reporting in my day, not tale-bearing and gossip-sifting." "We have to move with the times, Mr. Glyde. Well, thank you. Just let me take a note of the date of the paper. Now you may put the files away. It's an interesting case, but not worth re- writing up." And the old man left the room. CHAPTER XX. During the rest of that day Hugh Dallas had that report of Esther Southerst frequently in his thoughts, and though he came readily enough to the conclusion that there was "something behind," he failed to think out any very sug- gestive solution of the puzzle. Some two days afterwards an incident occurred which gave him. a considerable shock, and roused in him quite a new sentiment in regard to the proposed marriage. It had seemed to him so far a piece of regret- table quixotism on the part of Margery Alling- ham to sacrifice her own and Alan Ramsay's hap- piness in order to marry Godfrey; regrettable because, as he had once said to Alan, he did not think it would effect the end in view, on account of the singular disposition of the cripple. But he had no thought of meeting it with anything like active opposition. It was no concern of his. "What had happened to bring him into such a conspicuous position had been thrust upon him, and the motive which had instigated him had been more sympathy with his friend, tempered unconsciously with a wish to secure the real hap- piness of Margery, whom he liked, and uncon- sciously with a stronger desire to do that which would please Nan. After he had turned up that record about Esther Southerst he hand an instinct of uneasiness about the matter, but it took no positive or defi- nite shape. Suddenly, however, that was changed. It was his habit when an event of any consider- able importance occurred anywhere within the district which was more particularly that of his paper, to go himself to the spot, in order to ac- quaint himself, so far as possible, at first hand with the considerations which might be important to him in framing any comments upon it. On the Tuesday a somewhat serious scandal affecting the local authorities of a town near to Seacove was reported, and, after he had finished his morning's work on the following day, he determined to run over to the place and see what it meant. The affair had been largely exaggerated, as a very cursory inquiry convinced him, and he deter- mined, therefore, to go on to the Manor House— it was only some few miles, and the trains fitted— to pay a chance visit. He was partly guided in this by a wish to have a chat with Godfrey while the case of Esther Southerst was fresh in his own mind, and while his conversation with Godfrey would still be fresh in the latter's. He walked quickly from the station, and, as he was not expected, deemed it best to go to the house by the ordinary lodge entrance, instead of taking the short cut through the grounds which he had used before. The drive wound through a long avenue of fine trees with thick shrubberies on either side, broken here and there with one or two lawns, while from it several paths led right and left in different directions through the grounds. On both sides of the drive was a border of turf, and, the afternoon being very hot, Dallas walked on this as a relief from the hot and dusty roadway. He walked at a good pace, his usual habit, and his quick observant eyes were cast about him in search of some signs of any of the family, and he had covered about half the distance between the lodge and the house when a sound coming from the shrubbery to his left brought him to a stand- still. It was the yelping cry of an animal in pain; and, when he stood to listen, the sound of blows quick and violent, with the whistling of a whip lash. Looking about him he saw a spot where the shrubbery was thin enough for him to look through, and he ran to it and peered eagerly in the direction from which the sounds came. Any animal in pain found in him a friend and de- fender, and he meant to go at once to the rescue. At some distance from the path a dog lay crouching at the foot of a tree, to which he was fastened by a rope, and over him stood Godfrey Drury with a heavy riding whip thrashing the poor quivering, yelping, suffering creature with violent and merciless ferocity. The young fel- low's face was distorted with the fury of his pas- sion, his cheeks were deadly white with rage, his lips blue and set, while his eyes flashed with an intensity of absorbed and concentrated passion and vindictive rage. The look on his face when it was turned once in his direction almost frightened Dallas by the depth of potential cruelty which it seemed to re- veal. A crowd of feelings came upon him, over- riding even his great sympathies for the poor beaten hound, and holding him silent while he watched. The dog ceased to howl after a minute, and lay only quivering as he took his fearful punishment in silent agony. But the silence maddened his master even more than the semi-resistance of his cries had done, and he sot upon the poor beast with his feet and kicked him brutally and fiercely, and struck him with the butt end of the whip, and hit him with his clenched fists, and finally spat upon him; till at last in kicking at the dog he missed, and overbalancing himself, fell to the ground. He lay still a minute, until Dallas thought he was hurt, and started to go to his assistance. But he was not hurt. He sat up on the ground,. and then rose to his feet and looked about him in a dazed, bewildered manner, and stood with his hand pressed to his forehead. Next he looked at the dog whom he had so cruelly beaten, and the sight affected him until a look of intense pain came on his face. He moved towards the dog and his foot kicked against the heavy whip. He seized it and snapped it across his knee and hurled the pieces from him, and then threw himself headlong by the side of the dog, and unfastening the rope with trembling fingers, he put his arm round the animal's neck and kissed it and caressed it with many gestures and words of affection. Hugh Dallas turned away from the spot dis- tressed, pained, and frightened at what he had seen, and at the thoughts which forced them- selves upon him as the result, and continued his walk with slow heavy steps in the direction of the house. "My God, is he mad? " he said to himself in a whisper under his breath; and he began to realise then what the marriage might mean for Margery. "Dear me, Mr. Dallas, have you seen a ghost?" Hugh Dallas looked up and found Nan holding out her hand to him, and looking at him with heightened colour. "No, Miss Nan, I am not of the ghost-seeing tribe," he answered very gravely, as he took her hand. "But I have seen something more alarm- ing than a ghost." "What is that ? " she asked. "Nothing is the matter I hope?" her face grave instantly with sweet solioitude. "No, no," he answered, and forced himself to smile. He had no intention to tell her what he had really seen. "But it was a terrible tragedy. Buzzing noisily in the toils of a spider's web was a large fly, and the spider came down like a wolf on the fold and bent on murder, when the mur- derer himself was caught in the beak of avenging justice—in the shape of a bird, who gobbled the spider, broke the web, and set the innocent fly free." The flippancy of his answer jarred harshly on him, but he wanted to avoid questions. "Are you never serious, Mr. Dallas? " asked Nan reproachfully. "ust now I am, I assure you," he replied, with the same flippancy. " Serious enough for three men, to say nothing of the dog." Nan turned away petulantly, and Dallas walked quickly towards the house with her, anxious to get out of sight lest Godfrey should see him. (To be continued.) 