A ROGUE AND_HIS 'MONKEY.' ?? It is a most extraordinary thing, Mr. Solomons, but the £500 bank-note I put in to the safe this morning has disappeared.' 'You don't say so, sir. Dear me, how unfortunate, and how unpleasant for us all. Of course, the kcya have never left. your possession since you locked the note up?' Mr. Richards, the Manchester lawyer, as he regarded his mean-looking chief clerk with the utmost perplexity from which suspicion was entirely absent. ' It is quite bewilder ing. My duplicate set is at home. . Besides, 1 tlo not see how any thief could get at the safe in the daytime, when we are all busy around it- The lock does not appear to have ben tiwipered with, the contents are ?un- disturbed, but the note is gone. ? ? . ? 'Pardon me, sir, perhaps you never put it in there at all. Perhaps you will find it in vnur poeket-oook all safe and sound.' ' Don't talk foolishness, Solomans,' cried his employer crossly. Nevertheless he drew OUt IHSWJUltl UUU CAaUUllQU XUO VjUUUblluo iltwu great deliberation. He searched all his pockets, and turned out his private desk. ' Tush !' he exclaimed, ''what an ass 1 am! Don't 1 know quite well that I placed it carefully in one of the drawers of the safe, and nowhere else ?' ' TJmph !' ' The clerk ran the tip of his penholder through his fluffy hair and looked dreadfully concerned on his employer's account. ' Let's take out the drawer,' said he with an air of inspiration, ' and see if the note has slipped behind it.' This was done, and the interior of the safe taken to pieces as far as was possible; every nook and corner of the office was cleared out, but the missing ' monkey ' — to adopt the phraseology of ' Captain Coe' — was not to be discovered. ' It is a mystery,' said the solicitor gloom ily, as he sat down exhausted by his exer tion?; ' and I would not have it occur in this 0 nee for double the money.' v ?? Of course you have the number of the. note V queried Solomans eagerly. ' Just so. (Well, we must stop it at once, and — would you like me to call in the police, sir ?' ' Certainly not,' returned Mr. Richards sharply. ' I do not for an instant suspect any one here. 'We must, of course, give in formation to the authorities. But I do not wish to have any fuss made. It does not do a lawyer any good for his clients to hear that he has been robbed, or so careless as to loose a valuable document.' -? Well. sir. I shan't feel comfortable or iiappy till we find out what has become of it. Why, it is for all the world like a bit of magic.' ?' It is beyond my comprehension. But get on with those costs in the Siinmonds matter. I should like him to have the account in to morrow.' Mr. Richards forgot — or perhapsignored is the better word in the connection — the fact that after returning to the office from' his lunch ho invariably fell asleep in his chair for a good 20 minutes- It was a mild form of mania with him to stoutly deny that he ever did anything of the kind. This practice was, of course, well known to Solo mans, and on the day in question, finding; himself alone in the office for a few moments he had made himself possessor of the uncon scious man's keys. Like a flash he opened the safe, secured the note, made all again secure, ana supped me ounen uacjs. iiilu uue pocket where the attorney always carried it. In the privacy of his own apartment that night Solomans produced the crisp note from, where he had 'most cunningly hid itabout his person. 'You're a beauty,' said he^as he flat-, tened it out, ' but gold is better looking, and gold you will have to be turned into my pretty one when the right time ccsnes. You must go to the races, for it is only on the busy course that you can be changed with, sr.fety.' ~ He placed it in a small, tightly-fitting- tin box. This he wrapped in several turns- of oil-skin. The whole he dropped into a shallow tank, which stood on a ledge Just outside his own window. ? ' Now, the bobbies can. come andrseareh here till they are blind- They wSl never think of looking into our cistern for-a .'bank note,' complacently ntosed he, as he made himself 'fetching' for his evening prom enade at the Gaiety. Solomans allowed a little time to pass before 'letting his monkey have a climb for its money/' as he termed it. In the meanwhile he had ^become confidential -with a couple of isporting mechanics who very much preferredHo play for something than to work for it. It is a fancy, not by any means confined to. one class of the social scale. 'Look here,' said he one evening, to this pair, Swale and Huggins by names, ' if you two like to go to the races to-nsorrow I can put you on to two good things* and ifyou smash a £500 note for me vriClt any of the bookmakers you shall have S3.' qpid a-piece. Lor bless you! the big booties .don't think anything of changing what they call ' at monkey.' You had best toe waell-togged, you know,and put on a nice .free- and independent air. . Mum's the ward* and .when you geti the ' stuff,' hold' it &em-.; The commission delighted** Swale' and Huggins imbibed -wilii. new rand alarming-, gusto at the preagecfe of 'it. Naturally esougb the^rstbookmaker. they attempted to negotiate with, was .a ?notorious- welcher. Ha- took, the measure* of his men. at once. He- nip.ped off his, chair, joined, them, and drew them away fSrom the«rowd. 'What, do you thmtt J. am mau» w- ? demanded- he. 'Putty, mud,; or tea leaves Z If I'd= 500 shiners in my Mck I should not have been on that perch. Look here. . Have ypu,any ready ? A coujjle of, quid will take us into the enclosure. Once there; I'll put a bit ob for you with one- of the leviafihaus.and \ hell smash the note f onr-us like-a bird.'1 ? r ... : The necessary functe were - scraped' 'to- i getber among them. Onceinnsidse, the welsher : cried, ' Ah, there s the*red-hot 'unj 1 11 ao the biz with him.' . He made abet o€5£5witbithis. prominent member Of TattersaE's ring,*and returned to* the two workmen Tefth.ii4g.5Jn change, which, he handed to,. Swale. The»three were now - hand in glow f ot the day. The stranger in troduced his new acquaintances to his old friends who showed a robust desire to make^t very free with them an& their belongings. At last and just before ft^e final race, they raised a cry of 'welchexs!?' against Swale and Huggins, who after'beaig stripped and « teemed '-that i8; turned W theirhead* until not a fraction remahiedYbout'.them. wero so cruelly irsed that itkid nofe seem likely they would -ever again BeejMancneater. After a little, however, they did manage to rrach home, where Solomans, .white with anxiety, was eagerly - lookup; them, and tho produce of' the monkey, sflhmb, ,. ^-ine * Jo U.cy had to tell maaehimWth sicS^nd wrathful..' It was in hisheart ^o treat them lo a volley of astonishing'aafectives, but he remembered that, after all, ie was in. their l«o-or, and must grin and\b?aHhis collapse j »?'. -.V= Ws grand schemes. \\!\ \ ' ? : : ' . \ ? ''he only thing wo cau dbijow is to keep , U .-ji.'V.' wiid he. ' Doh;t eitierof you, on i-.ny irconnt, let- on that Teser gave you a 'wriikey' to change.' I .: r .' \y«:«hall be, careful Imoiieh,'- replied ' Swale sullenly, 'but I reckon we have. got blows and bruiBes just in trying to do your bit of business for you, and you'll have to keep us going till we are tiff or work again;' Solomans remonstrated and rayed, alljfco no purpose. The blackmailing pair went away with a sovereign each for immediate needs, and they promised to soon repeat their calls on himself and his exchequer. The bookmaker who had changed the ill gotten note soon had information that it was stopped^ but he had no difficulty in putting the police on to the welsher from whom he had received it. This worthy, in his turn, told his tale, and the authorities kept him for many days journeying about the highways and slums of Manchester in the hope that he might meet with and identify Swale or Hug gins, or both. i Curiously enough, Fate preserved th« mechanics from being seen by the one in search of them. Often they were close to one another; twice they were all drinking in the same spirit vaults, and - yet never came' face to face. \- The news that the authorities were on the track of his money of course reached Mr. Richards, and he began to hope that at last the mystery of its disappearance would be cleared. Solomans also heard the tidings and he was thrown into a series of cold sweats. He was in abject terror for his liberty. He decided that there was no course so safe for him as flight. But he would not go empty-handed. The mere temporary possession of that 'monkey' — which he now anathematised with much-increased vigour — had whetted his greed for more. His avarice was after all keener than his des perate fear. He would make one more bril liant coup and then vanish from the legal circles of Manchester and of England for ever. His rather elaborate plans required a few days to perfect, and he was in a state of the most awful dread all the time. Mr. Rich ards was in London, and having the coast clear Solomans; looking as bold as brass and as innocent as butter, .called on the manager of his employer's bank. . He was well-known to the gentleman, being really a more frer qnent visitor to the establishment than the lawyer himself. :- v He explained that Mr. Richards was out of town, and that they had a settlement for a client on the following morning over some house property, the amount required being £1,500. He had just learned that thi3 client would not be able .to arrive'with the capital quite in time. Fearing some such contin gency, Mr. Richards before going away had left ins lite policy and other securities, with full authorisations ~ for Mr. Solomans to pledge' them with the bank for the loan of the sum named for a few days. ? . . : They had done such things for -Mr. Rich ards before. The documents seemed to be in perfect order. With hardly anyhesitatiori' the manager told the cashier to hand over to. Solomans £1,500. .... - The little rascal would much have liked to haye taken u all in gold, but he feared such a request might at the final moment excite suspicion and bring him once, more to grief. Still, he got the bulk in specie and the re3t in notes of £20. : '. . : Once outside the bank 'with his plunder safe his sangfroid deserted him. His face broke out into a rash, and he could only think of one thing, and it was how to get away quick enough. ? -'?:..': ...r .?;;-?'? Hoping to steady himself ?with brandy, he turned into the first tavern he reached, and there he came upon Swale and Huggins.' '-' Hullo h' cried the latter,- ??? we- wa» just agoing to give you a reminder. Why, what's the matter with you? Have. you got the fever, or have you seen a. ghost? ' : ' ' If either. You both take my advice and get out of Manchester as quick as you can. If you stay here you are sure to be recog nised, and there will be trouble. Go to Lon don— go anywhere. Here's money for -you. It'sthe last, and the best you'll ever get from me.' To their delight and amazement, he handed them four notes of £20 each. 'Those are all right,' declared he. ' I have only just received them over the bank counter. My name is Walker,' he conclisded,hurriedly, ' you won't see me again ? ' ' Why can't we all three go together? ' uncu oniuo, v/xiyj Duiciu iuuld uivuwj **.«*** where the new twenty-pounders had coma. 'You must be mad!' was Solomah's withering reply, and straightaway he dis appeared from the place. An unlooked-for matter called Mr: Richards back to Mancfaester-tbat afternoon, and it also took him to the bank. A brief conversation with him showed . the manager that the policy , and the other documents on which £1,500 had been advanced were worthless forgeries excellent specimens of the nefarious art, . but as securities valueless. There was a greater demand for the plaus ible Mr. Solomans that night than had ever before been the-case. All over the country the police kept a.hotand an active look out for him. Mr. Huggins received a visit frpm.ihe same inquiring, gentry as- he'was rioting in a tripe 3upper with, friends who were not of his own family. Earlier in the evening he' had changed oneof the twenty-pound notes in a tavern, saying that he had just received the insurance moneyon his wife's death. On making a search at his lodgings a twenty-pound note was found in the chim ney, and as much in loose-cash in a drawer. Then Swale was captured, and the welsher identified them as being the gents who had come to him on the racecourse desirous of changing ' a monkey.' Solomang was arrested: just ashowasabout to step on board an Atlantic liner disguised as an old woman, a character his features suited very well. . The oddest thing perhaps about this quegr case is that the littfce rogue only got eighteen months' imprisonment, while Huggins and Swale were sentenced to six and four each respectively. ' Quite enough for a .blooming monkey, too,' Solomans protests to this very day. 