CHEATED. A FIGHT FOR LIFE. (By Gilbert Lloyd, in "Answers.") (Concluded from last week.) I.L That night Sir Geoffrey was restless and anxious. He heard, the clock in the turret above the stable ring out the hour of one sharply. The?l he fell asleep to troubled dreams. Sir Charles' Stanton was the only wake ful. person in the house. Although he in variably prescribed sleep"to his patients, he was a cons'stent sinner agairst the tIw. of vture in this respect. and seldom sought his couch till well on in the small hours of the morning. From the depths of a wonderful port manteau he had produced a microscope, a vast array of test-tubes, and a bulky note-hook, and the early hours of the morning found him with a cigar between his lips, deeply immersed in bacteriologi cal research. Presently he started violently, as a sharp rap sounded at his door. "Are you .awake, Sir Charles? For Heaven's sake, come at once to Miss Chat teris!" cried a voice outside. He sprang to the door and opened it, to discodver Mrs Mantrap shivering in her dressing-gown. "What is the matter?" he asked. "I am afraid she is dying." Sir Charles snatched up a small leathern case and raced down the corridors of Grey lands to the Blue Room, Mrs Mantrap at his heels, a good second. MLiss Chatteris was lying in the great four-post bed, white and rigid, with a slight foam upon her lips. . The great surgeon made no remark. He opened the leather case, and, producing his stethoscope, listened intently for a few moments to the labored breathing of the inaminate figure. Then he turned back the.eyelids, and ?peered into the eyes. "Will you kindly bring a light?" he said coolly, to Mrs Mantrap,. who stood, pallid and shuddering, in the background. "When did you discover. herinthisstate?' he queried. "Only five, minutes .ago," replied ?Mrs Mantrap. "I could not go to sleep. I was anxious abouit her' sleeping in this horrid room, so I-came to see that she was all right. -- . "Um! And found her all -wrong," re plied Sir Charles. -. "Will you kindly hold the light closely' in front of her eyes ? That's just right. 'Thank you." -" He made no further remark, and gave no sign that he had noticed the-:-sliding panel of the room was slightly moved; and that upon his patient's lips was a faint blue mark-- the death-mark of Greylands Abbey. This he examined with a magnifying glass, and found it to be a tiny punctured wound. He had. seen. a similar wound- several times -before, but never singly, for it was the mark of a serpent's fang:- - S"She's fainted, that's all," he said, cool ly, as; unperceived by Mrs Mantrap; he drew a tiny- fairy-like syringe from his pocket..- . . - - \- This he, filled from. a small vial, and pressed..it against the white arm of the rigid figure, on the bed. - Then.this wonderful man produced an other- tiny, syringe charged with a poison which; in unskilled' hands, brings death, but which, set to fight against the poison of a serpent's fang, brings life to the stricken. victim. This he. pressed -against the patient's arm. . . "Now, work her arms.backwards _apd forwards-so!" said.he. 'Mrs Mantrap, dishevelled, and with all her wrinkles and crow's-feet showing-with uncompromising distinctness, did as -she was bid, and 'for .-an hour she and Sir Charles fought-silently and stealthily for their patient's life. . "The major?' queried:Sir Charles. "Is asleep," 'replied -Mrs Mantrap. - - "If he wakes?" "The major never wakes," answered Mrs Mantrap. Presently signs of life began to return; the fixed rigidity died away from the stiff limbs, the natural hue returned to the blue lips. , - - - - - "She's coming round," said Sir Charles to Mrs Mantrap, who was heating water on a spirit-lamp. Presently Miss Chatteris moaned and opened her eyes. "There! there! it's all right! It's all right, my .dear--don't.' be -frightened: Here's Mrs Mantrap come to see you!" cooed, the great doctor in his most sooth ing professional tones. " "Just a fainting fit," he continued. "Only just a little fainting fit. Want to cry, my dear? - Ve-ry- well, my dearie shall cry .on the old doctor's shoulder. There!" - - Sir Charles sat on the edge of the bed whilst his patient cried heartily and healthily upon his shoulder. "About as near a shave as I have ever seen," he murmured-to himself "Five minutes later; and she would have been dead! A snake with a single fang, too!"'! Then he spoke aloud to Mrs Mantrap. "She has received a severe nervous shock," he said, calmly. "I am going to shift her into my -room. "?Will you get things ready?" . . "Now," he murmured, when Mrs: Mai trap had hurried off, "this is a big dose of opium for a little girl, but I daresay she can stand it." " : Another tiny syriige was pressed against the white arm. "That's right. Now you'll go to sleep, and I'll call your brother to help carry you out of this chamber of horrors," said I the doctor, as the heavy head fell back on the pillow. At breakfast-time everyone had heard I how Miss Chatteris had beeri frightened -into hysterics during the night, and was indisposed. Sir Geoffrey was greatly distressed. Mr Hogg was mildly elated. Had he I not said that she would be frightened? Sir Charles, wan and worn with.his fight for life -gainst death, had a great desire to kick MIr Hogg, but desisted. An hour after breakfast he lit a cigar and walked round to the terrace that ran along the north'side of the house under the windows of the ill-fated room. At the hollow buttress he paused. Then he dropped his handkerchief. As he stooped to pick it up again he marked how one of the stones was loos- 1 ened in its bed. In the dust were footmarks plainly discernible by Sir Charles's keen eye. "The mysterious fooksteps have left their impression," said Sir Charles to himself. "The ghost wore dress- pumps, too, judging from the width and shal lowness of the heel." Then he returned to the house to see his patient. He fund her feverish, but recovering rapidly. She was greatly surprised to find her self in Sir Charles's room; also to find a tobacco-pouch and pipe under her pil low. She had no recollection of the previous I night beyond having lain awake in the great bied of the Blue Room, and of I having watched the piercing eyes of the cardinal's portrait till they seemed to ! have bewitched her. 1 "You hypnotised yourself," said Sir " Charles. "But, proceed." A little after one in the morning she had dozed olff,but had been awakened by ' a slight stinging sensation on the lip. Then the terror of some unseen presence in the room had overcome her, and she I could remember no more. With this information Sir Charles was forced to content himself. . He sought his host, who was evidently greatly depressed by the incident. In : fact, the manner of his inquiries left no I doubt in the mind of the observant doc tor that Sir Geoffrey was deeply in love. 1 "And yet the footmarks on the terrace are just the size of his dress-shoes!" marvelled Sir Charles. "Never mind, we'll see to-night!" III. Next night, Sir Charles, with a hand ful of cigars, a riding-whip, and a six chambered revolver, quietly sought the Blue Room, and seated himself in the corner to await the ghost of Greylands. One, two, three! The stable clock told the hours. Sir Charles had smoked all the cigars he wanted. He stretched himself on the bed and began to doze. The ghost or serpent was evidently not coming to night, but he would see the affair through. Presently he awoke with a start. There was a faint creaking in the corner of the room. "A rat!" he thought. Nevertheless, his heart began to beat violently, and he reached out for the revolver that, lay handy to the bedside. Slowly the sliding panel ground back; whilst through the aperture a white figure crept into the room. "Click!" The cocking trigger of Sir Charles's re volver sounded loud in the stillness of the room. The figure approached the bed! ."Sir Geoffrey, by George-a somnambu list!" murmured the doctor under his breath. - A bright gleam of moonlight shone over the floor. - As the figure, with outstretched hands and wide-open expressionless eyes, pass ed through the belt of light towards the ked, the doctor saw the gleam of a large jewel on the middle finger of the right hand. As Sir Geoffrey approached the doctor slid cautiously over to the opposite side df the bed, uncocking his revolver, but holding the butt-end ready for a blow. Sir Geoffrey paused at the bedside. His left hand strayed to the ring, which he twisted on his finger till- the shining jewel lay inward on his palm. Then he pressed, his hand gently upon the pillow, ant with a. deep sigh .turned touprds the open panel. "A Borgia ring, by Jingo!" breathlessly murmured the doctor, as he peered cau tiously over the edge of the bed after the receding figure, "and an inherited uncon scious tendency to make use of it." Slipping off his shoes, he waited till Sir Geoffrey had slid back the panel to its former position. In two bounds he was across tne room. 'Phe panel slid back silently, in time for him to catch a glimpse of Sir Geoffrey's figure turning the corner that Ibd to the descending staircase. He crouched. The somnambulist had paused. Out of the darkness there came a clink and the sound of a closing drawer, fol lowed by a shuffling'of feet downstairs. _A minute or two afterwards a dull thud -sounded up the stairs. "He has dropped the stone!" exclaimed Sir Charles. He ran back to the Blue Room, and, throwing up the window, watched Sir-Geoffrey as he walked slowly along the terrace in the -direction of his awn apartments. "He has left the ring behind him, and I must get hold of it." -In a few minutes Sir Charles came back in the passage, armed with a chisel and a?small saw. After some tapping and probing he discovered a spot where the woodwork gave back a hollow sound. -"I suppose I really ought to find the hidden spring: they always do in the story books," he muttered, with a smile. "Anyway, here goes!" A few well-directed blows with hammer and chisel rent the wainscot. "Brutal, but efficient!" murmured the doctor, as he drew forth the shattered remnant of a secret drawer. A gleam of gold showed amongst the splinters, and wrapping his handkerchief over his fingers, the doctor cautiously lifted a massive signet ring. His next movement was mysterious. Passing down the hidden staircase, he lifted the massive stone that hid its out let, and ran swiftly round past the stable yard. He had noticed that the coachman's lit tle boy kept guinea-pigs. In a few minu tes he was back again, with a stolen guinea- pig tied in his handkerchief. Closing the stone gently over the en trance, and wrapping the ring carefully in an old envelope, he crept stealthily back to his room. He locked the door, and' carried the guinea-pig into the light of the reading lamp; then, lifting the ring by its circlet, he pressed it upon the shoulder of its in nocent victim. There was a shudder, a convulsive kick, and the guinea-pig lay dead upon the table. Through the magnificent sapphire with which it was set a tiny grooved fang projected. "H'm!" remarked the doctor. "Borgia, after all, knew a bit more than the art of fly-paper poisoning. I don't suppose that Sir Geoffrey, if he only knew of its existence, would object to my stealing this ring for the College of Surgeons. In fact, I am sure he would not, considering that I have exorcised the ghost of Grey lands Abbey, saved the life of the very charming girl he is going to marry, and have made up my mind to cure him of somnambulism. The rest is my secret." The doctor's prophecy was fulfilled: In a week MIiss Chatteris had fully recover- I ed from the mysterious terror of the Blue Room, whilst Sir Geoffrey, proud and happy, announced his engagement to MIiss Maude Chatteris, blissfully ignorant of the very existence of the fatal ring, which lay snuggly hidden away in Sir Charles Stanton's portmanteau. 