EXTRAORDINARY ASSAULT. BY A ONE-LEGGED BOY. An extraordinary charge of assault was beard at the Carlton court yesterday, the ac cused being n youth named Wm. Hogan, a cripple, having only one leg, who was alleged to have. made a murderous attack on two elderly women named Mary Williams and Margaret Whiting, on 10th Inst. The bench comprised Messrs. J. H. C. Sutherland, C. Goldspluk and II. Hurst, J'b.P. Sub-Inspec tor Hebir prosecuted. Accused wns unde fended. The details have been published. Margaret Whiting, a totterlug old woman, over 70 years of age, who was la such a weak state from loss of blood as to be un able to stand without nsslstnncc, wns al lowed to give her evidence from a cbalr on the floor of the court. When asked If she remembered the morning o£ the 10th Inst., Mrs. Whiting exclaimed, "Remember It? Shall I ever forget It?" She then described the circumstances of the assault to the bench. Mrs. AVilllams nnd herself, she stat ed, lived together in a house nt the corner of Madeline and Lynch streets. The ac cused, with his mother nnd brothers, lived at the opposite corner. At 4 a.m. on the 10th inst. witness henrd a noise lu her bedroom, and saw an object standing nt the foot of her bed. She called out three or four times to Mrs. Williams, who slept In the same room, but received no reply. Thinking tbnt the figure at the foot of the bed was Sirs. Wil liams, though unable to understand why she did not replv, witness exclaimed, "For the love of God, Mrs. Williams, Is It you or your ghost? Speak!" The figure then moved to wards the head of the bed, and witness nnHpofh to lier horror, that It was a man, dressed only in a shirt, and having only one leg. The intruder raised his arm, and before witness could move struck her a heavy blow on the hend with n jagged piece of firewood. Mrs. Williams then jumped out of her bed and grappled with tbo youth, and witness, with the blood flowing from the gash in her head, made her way downstairs to procure assistance. ' After accused had been se cured witness was taken to the hospital, where seven stitches were put In the wound on her hend. She had been very weak and ill from loss of blood ever since the assault. Witness could not Imagine what prompted the accused to strike her, or to enter the house nt all. Mrs. May Williams deposed that she was nroused by the screams of ber companion. She saw accused strike the old lndy with the piece of firewood, and knock her on the bed. Witness got out of bed, nnd recognising the lad seized him, saying— "Whnt are yon doing here,' Willie Hogan? What brought you Into my place?" Accused replied— "I came here to get a bed." Witness said — "Yon can get n bed In your mother's place," and accused then alleged that be came for his clothes, and nssnultcd witness with the piece of firewood, hitting her several times about tlie hend and arms, and crying out that ho "had a revolver, and was going to kill them both." Witness, after a severe struggle, succeeded In getting the billet of wood from accused. She nsked him how he got in, nnd he replied, "Through that win dow," Indicating a bnck window on tbc second floor. Witness said — "You'd better go back the . same way, and accused hopped rapidly to the window, and scrambling through gained the roof of a skillion, nnd thence dropped to (he street, and hopped Into his mother's house. When witness got downstairs, she found the lamp had been lit in the parlor. Witness could not account for the conduct of accused. His clothes were not In her bouse, though Mrs. Hogan bad, on one occasion, asked her to take care of them, In order to prevent him going out In the street at night. Senior Constable Sheehan deposed to tak ing the injured women to the hospital. The piece of firewood produced, with a quantity of long grey hair adhering to It, wns handed to him by Mrs. Williams. STEALS HIS MOTHER'S WATCH. Hogan was then ' charged with stealing his mother's silver watch and chain. Mrs. Hogan gave evidence showing that the nrticles had UUL'U MUii'ii iium iici ut-u-imv CU I IJ uu IIIU morning of 28tli December by the accused, and by bim pledged for 10s. the same day. Witness Wished toWlthdrnw tlie-cbarge, as she thought "the. poor boy bad enough to answer for." Moss Aarons, carrying on business ns a pawnbroker nt 151 Lygon-street, stated tbnt on 2Stb Inst. prisoner brought the watch and chain to his Rhop, and told a pitiful talc to the effect that his mother, who wns very ill, having burst a blood vessel In lier leg, bad been ordered to get a lot of lotion nnd medi cines, and the only way in Which she eonld get them was by pawning her watch and chain; Knowing Mrs. Ilognn, witness sent accused bnck to ascertain how much she re quired. The boy returned shortly nfter- wnrdfC and said that 10s. wonld'do, and wlt- noss'tben handed him the money, telling him to send one of his brothers to the shop for the ticket ns soon as they came home. Asked whether he had nnythlng so sny, ac cused, who had appeared totally unconcerned throughout the- proceedings, began to cry. He refused to make any statement. In answer to the bench, Mrs. Hogan said the boy wns only 14 years old. , The Chairman, Mr. Hnrst. J.P., remarked that the case was -a most extraordinary one altogether. He could not understand how a UUj Ml 4t| 1 I til t'lil/ Ullv IV51 VulilU Ilul v yifl petrated such crimes. Accused was committed to the Reforma tory Schools at Roynl Park. 