DURIKC THE MIGHT. I%ave an affinity for awkward predicaments, and to submit to what is popularly known as an "experience" is—if not exactly my daily lot in life—my very frequent fate. For the one that I am about to describe I paid half a crown. The sensations that that half a crown brought to me were in excess of what I had anticipated, and strained f very nerve in my body. Yet I am pot a fool, and-"no one is in his own estimation. 'Twas a November day—the time nine o'clock in the evening. I was In a London street, and had just viewed to my satisfaction a bow window in which was bung up a card with "Apartments to Let" printed on it. With the knowledge that I wanted a bed for the night, and with the card before me, what could be inore natural land within the ordinary lot of man than to ascend the flight of steps that lay before me, knock, ring, enter, and secure a bed for half a crown, paid in advance? To my mind there was such a- plethora of vulgar incident iri this that r remember the transaction but dimly. That I was received by a landlady (she was middle-aged, I think), and escorted by her to a comfortable bedroom on the second floor; that I was left there with pen and ink; that I called for some writing paper, and was waited upon by a girl, who said that she would ask her father for some; that when she had brought it to me I wrote several letters, and afterward went to bed—all this is fixed Vaguely in my memory by its similitude to 'many another night that X have passed finder a. hired roof. Then there comes a blank, which grows into memory again •with the "lugubrious sound of a prolonged howl—a dog's. : -> It was dark, .so dark that the curtained •window of my room offered but the faintest suggestion of the -fog- swathed light "without. Again and again the oppressive Silence and heavy gloom around me were intensified to my semi-consciousness by 'the howl -without- dying down to a whimper, to extinction. A nervous feeling took possession of me,- and led upon the da:k- -sesiL : I sat up In bed, and-drew a long ijreath- to free myself of its incubps. What was there foul with .the night that it,came^eo heavily to my lungs? For the irioment-l was puzzled, bnt only for thefeioment. . -And then, half-suffocated, 1 -ejaculated: 'Ttls gas; there Is ap escape I _ i ^ With a wave of my arm, I threw the bedclothes to one side, and with an eager leg placed a foot to the floor. Then I stood up, and hesitated. Should I ring, should I call? "No," I muttered to myself, as I reflected that it was more than probable that the servant would strike a match In coming to my room. Besides; the escape was perhaps in my room. A' step and a grope wouia tell me. I felt cautiously. No! the tap was as it should be. Then thought lapsed into instinct, and action supervened. I crept quickly to the door, and turning the key in its lock, with tlie caution of a thief, and drawing the door into the blackness of my room, faced the blackness that vaster lay outside it. Gently, gently, with a; hand touching a cold wall, I crept onward and to the left. My fingers were caught by a projection; they passed it by and sank into a hollow—'twas a door. I turned the handle and whispered gently, but distinctly, through the now halfopened door: "It's I, Sir Snipe, the lodger. Don't strike a match. There's&n; escape of gas. The house is full of it. Are you there? Do you. hear? There's an escape o£ gas " No answer, but again the dog howled, and again I felt a nervousness come over me as I entered the room to feel for the bed, and found it—empty. In and out of the walled blackness, to another room and another—empty. Then up the stairs, te right and left, and back again — nobody. Down and <own through the darkness, the ghost of light in a hall glass, with here a stumble and there a stumble—to the basement, warm and odoriferous with kitchen odors, tained with gas. Verily, I and only I was in the house. Suddenly the dog ceased to howl and I heard the dripping of a watertap—drip, drip, drip. And with the fall of the water came to me a measure of time, and I thought again: "What does it mean, this empty, black house? Why is this stifling gas seething around me, and only me? Ahr there is a foul evil in the night—away, and out, out of the house!" With a rush I fought my way up step by step to the hall above, and groped toward the dim light shining pallidly through a narrow glass window above the door. "Will it be locked?" I thought fearfully to myself. "Is there not something following on my track?' I turned the handle and pulled it fiercely toward me. Thelioor yielded and I rushed into t"-.f- open. "Anything wrong, sir?" and with the words came a broad flash of light which, settling momentarily on my face, dropped as quickly to my bare feet and back again. "Anything wrong, sir?" and the voice drew closer, the light flashing past me into the dark hall behind. Then the outline of a helmet and cloak loomed darkly upon me, and I found my voice in' the presence of a constable of the law. "Yes, the house is full o£ sas, ana— they've gone. I might have been suffocated; perhaps they wanted to suffocate me. I don't know—I " "Who've gone? What's their name?'' the constable interrupted abruptly. "The landlady — the landlord — the daughter. I don't know their names, but look here, constable," and I proceeded to give my late "experience" to him in a woof of words. The man. evidently did not know what interpretation to place upon either rn? or my story (and small ownder, I hardly knew myself), but, extinguishing his lantern, proposed that we research the house together. This we did carefully and cautiously. At the initial stage of our exploration we, or rather he, discovered that the hall gas burner was turned on full, and the gas issuing from it at high pressure. "Might have been blown out by the draught," suggested the constable as he turned into a sitting room, which I had already searched, and threw, open its windows to sweeten the atmosphere. "Yes, it might," I assented especially if they left by the hall door which, by the way, was unbolted when I came downstairs." But to mane a long story a short one- (here was r.obody in the house. .Not a liv'nc t*irg, with the exception o£ a do0 chained up in the- back yard, which was surrounded, so fir as we could see by high walls. This was the poor brute whose mournful howling had first aroused me and that now seemed fraimc with 30} at the delusive prospects of * social term, nation to his gloomy reflections With the discoverv of the dog and the >ard our search ended,and the constable intimated to me that lie should summon additional J^sLnce ^ shrill call on His thistler H x ^ r S B S another constable upon the I ™ Sled upon for a fresh expUn:ihon. The upon the oase t an ^ r, ^ ^ ^Pvaps^eyknow su,mat about Totherigbtandbac £ left went that constable R- a a-tat! went the tooA«s. « - d'ye sa^ 'VThat d'ye want. _ eighborwho-s my doors opentions. I had no sooner arm ed at th o£ one series than I was pJ^f ™ ;ndi. other. I had no sooner f ^ l wa= vidual's -desire Z else, called upon to feed J' ^ 0 ff0Uid Whether my brain and my^pe^ ^ have stood the strain vevj or say, but I may add that ^ a my_ cult question to propo"^, ^ ^ ^ self. Happily I T^jed oft to unpleasant situation by " ^ to be detained nearest poUce station to be d^^ ^ tierependingfurthermauir^a^ iries, a mere —" . ^„„-ej the » ^ suit Of those just made sho owed ^a feelin istence of a local ice of t oecutook no note of the e n t e ^ ™ weI1 pants of No^r^^umstances to the "Force" under these c.rc to hold me fast ^ V / X e e t o r on -At the station I told "> e " ' a duty all about satisfied. b0y. But he did not appea^sa ^ and muttered some word to buns ^ sounded to me like " ^ ^ i t was which resulted in my eec ";'°nj'the jurfcut temporary, as the resul of the ther inquiries me, that Is to say. Th*1 ^ ^ landlord, proved: That my landlady. iw and their daughter had left we No. 113, and had left it « be- That they bad left It m Oi.S ^ cause they were in debt for the ^ tare (which was "red) and i th0 rent, and because, p r ^ ^ b " evidence of certain trad^n "' seesed no money to settle those claims. m ad- To them my hall-a-crown pa'd 1 vance, had been a hal^wn at ^ £0 (again) it wąs P ^ f ™ ^ _ -The whereabouts was. never traceu. Speaker." 