GOD'S MEASURE. (By the Rev. J. T. Forbes, M.A., Edin- burgh.) (Concluded.) Who hath measured the waters in the hollow of his hand, and meted out heaven with the span, and comprehended the dust of the earth in a measure, and weighed the mountains in scales, and the hills in a balance?-Isaiah xl.. 12. Thou feedest them with the bread of tears, and givest them tears to drink in a measure.-Psalm lxxx. .5. The sermon commenced with the statement that "man's tears and earth's dust are both measured by God." He puts them both into a measure. What impresses men most to-day is the vast ness of the universe; the earth is little, but the universe is great. Men are overawed by the extent in space and the duration in time of the world sys tem, but he himself is as a speck in these infinities. Allowing these thoughts, to preponderate, men can hardly see a God. The greatness of the world's maker impresses the He- brew prophet rather than the great ness of the world: In this inspired utterance also the.harmony and inter- dependence of the things of the world is shown. Men's Lives are in God's Keeping. God's power is exercised in their fa- vour, not against them. Tears, repre- senting suffering and, sorrow, are precious; they are meted out, consid- ered, appointed by God. That which tears represents has an important bear- ing on life; suffering and sadness are not the result of a purposeless policy; men learn by these experiences, and become tender and Chsistlilke. God, who cares for the dust, cares also for tears; both are parts of His govern- ment. This applies to personal, family, and national experiences. God not only measures the tears of a nation— a national grief-but also the millions of untold and unseen sorrows and tears of the poor, the suffering, and the young. The tears in the homes of sickness, where loss has ruined, and the hearts which sin has broken, all thesd are measured by God, hence the prayer, "Put thou my tears in thy bottle." Mr. Forbes continues to show the moral value of tears, and says that with them God Works Marvels greater than the transforming of dust into.jewels. He fashions character by .their means. So much grief seems use- less to us. But if; God sends it and measures it, its use is secured. Leaves and blossoms, fruit and flowers, are made from the dust by the divine chemistry, and hope and faith are wrought from sour pains and losses that. cut deep into the life. "Patience worketh experience, and experience hope, and hope maketh not, ashamed, because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost given unto us." Every day of your wan- dering, every shelter spot on the road, every step when the tired feet could hardly go, is known and planned by God, and has its part in The Final Outcome of Life. Evel'y tear a Christian sheds gathered into God's bottle and writ- ten in his book. And from them shall at last be wrought the manhood, the fulness of soul whose completion will be marked by the removal of all tears. God sends them. God serves them out in measure, God counts them as they fall; and at last, when their work on men and women is done, he wipes them away. "And God himself shall wipe all tears from their eyes." "The earth hath dust; of gold." Dust is precious. • Tears are precious. Christ took our human dust upon him, and wept our tears. He took dust into union with spirit, with himself. "God made man of the dust of the earth." "He remembereth that we are dust." And "He was made in all things like unto his brethren." He took "hold on the seed of Abraham." What ca- pacities in dust to be made In union with God! He has comprehended the dust of the earth, the dust man is made of, in a measure-taken it into the complex personality of the Son of God, stamped it with his immortality and the seal of eternal life. s"And he is the Saviour of the body." All science is A Lesson in Transformation of Material. From the rock that lies cold, immobile in its mountain bed, to the feather dust of the insect's wing that glistens in thie light of a summer afternoon, nothing is truly and absolutely still. All is a current, a flux. From the chemical afilinities of the mineral king dom to the plant selections, from plant to a.nimal, all the world rises, and Christ's work shows the spirit saving, ruling, transmuting, using all to the higher ends of the soul and Christ's higher ends of the soul and God's kIcing dom. Asceticism condemns and ex- cludes. Christ harmonises and com- prehends. From soul through matter to soul again, the world moves, but to soul triumphant, melodious, inclu- sive, and supreme. "Thou givest them tears to drink in a measure." He gave them to Christ to drink. "Jesus I wept." "He prayed with strong cry ing and tears." This was a real incar- nation, Not an Impassable God, an intangible, ineffable divinity ap- pearing in human form, and retreat Sing in every 'rouble into the un- troubled depths within him, but one that might be touched. Goethe, in "Wilhelm Meister," calls Christianity the "Worship of Sorrow." It is the Ssanctification of sorrow, the using of it to the end of life, the forcing it to yield its fruit of spiritual result. Men press the grapes of pain to drink Sthe wine of life. Jesus trod the wine press, and trod it alone, that all mourn- ers might call him friend for ever more. The Stoic and the Christian fashion of comfort are two very differ- ent things. There is a supposed possi- bility of finding repose of soul by a keen sense of one's absolute signifi- cance, and this is the Stoic way: "There's consolation. The universe is i..nite. In the presence of its celes- tial mnagnitudes, who is there who is really great or small, and what is the difference between you and me, my work and yours?" ("Mark Rutherford's Deliverance," p.-192.)" This is Annihilating Life, not Saving it; it is losing, not comprehending the single life. Jesus says the infinitude of God is full of an inflinite variety; it counts the hair of one's head, it notes the sparrow that falleth to the ground. Peace, repose, will not abide with men by their being told that they are nothing and nobodies. Christ's way is difflerent. You may be lost, vile, hopeless, but yet yotf aree a lost sheep from God's fold, a lost coin from his treasury, a lost son from his home. If man is nothing, why make a fuss about either his loss or his salvation'? God thinks him worth saving, Christ thinks him worth saving, and this makes loss more awful and salvation more glorious. Your Work, Pleasure, Hopes, Griefs, joys, tears, are kniown to God, of inte- rest to God. He is 'mighty, and de- spiseth not any. He comprehends the dust of the earth in a measure, and the tears of man. You think some- times that you have more than your share of trouble." Otlhers are placid, unmoved, happy. You iswing from change to change, and. never continue in one stay. You seem to have sor row upon sorrow. But the limit is rigidly fixed. .Not one more tear will over fall from between your' eyelids than God meant. He gives them in a measure. He will not permit you to be overborne, overwhelmed. He will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able to bear, as E. B. Browning says in "The Measure." God the Creator, with a pulseless' hand Of unoriginated power, bath weighed The dust of earth and tears of man in one ' Measure and by one weight; So saith His holy Book. Shall we, then, who have issued from the dust And there return, shall we who toll for dust, And wrap our winnings in this "dusty life," '' Say, "No more tears, Lord God! Thy measure runneth o'er?" 0, Holder of the Balance, laughtost Thou? Nay, Lord! hbe gentler to our foolish ness; For His sake who assumed Our dust, and turns On Thee pathetic eyes Still moistened with our tears. And teach us, O our Father, while we weep To look in patience upon earth and learn, Waiting in that meek gesture, till at last These tearful eyes be filled With the dry dust of death. After Every Rainfall Clear Shining awaits the Christian; after the night of weeping, the morning of joy. There is hope in the tears, hope in the tears let fall for sin. If God has made you weep for your own- past and' pro sent and looked-for future he will yet, if you regard, put a new song in your mouth. Tears are the dew of hope. When God's bow is in the cloud, there is not one, but myriads, for it is in every raindrop. "Blessed are ye that mourn." "Mercy rejoiceth against judgment." There is for each life mercy if you will seek it. "Clouds and darkness" may be round your earthly path, as they are around God's throne, but cleave unto Jesus Christ with full .purpose of heart, and the sunlight will stream forth again above your heads, and there will come to the landscape of your life a pure and heavenly beauty. And "on the earth" of God's husbandry "the flowers will appear, and the time of the singing of birds be come." ======== Dominion Parliament has disallowed British Columbian legislation exclud- ing Japanese, as it is necessary to make sacrifices to preserve the British Japanese alliance. 