PHDKR FATES WHEEL. ' By LAWRENCE L. LYNCH. Author of " Against Odds," " No Proof,' &c;, &c.; CHAPTER III. (Continued.) And now the crowd in and about the stand settles into attitudes of eager expectancy all the seats iii! ; riders prop their wheels here and there, as they can, and a place is cleared just in front of the grandstand. The band blames, there is a murmur and a clapping of hands, and into the vacant space rides Senor Juan Alvarez. The murmur" becomes a shout as the graceful youth goes past, salutes, and circles before them, for he is mounted, not upon the fine silver-decked wheel captured by him, so the posters say, at the great Washington Tournament, not long since, but upon a high old-fashioned " ordinary," which looked most extraordinary there, among the modern safeties, in al! their glittering newness. But, if the steed is awkward to the eye, the rider is not. Dressed, not in the regulation bicycle flannels, but in lights and trunks, he is a Jaunty figure, gleaming with mock jewels, ted showing his shapely but boyishly slender arms, a tasselled skull cap far back upon. his short black curls. He is picturesquely l't>ndsonie. " How handsome ! How graceful ! Why he's a mere boy !" exclaim the- ladies, while the men criticise his muscle and question his endurance ; is: not for long. " How womanishly he Is dressed ?" says Hope, after a long survey of the handsome lad. Andre's quite too good-looking for one of the n masculine persuasion." '. Nonsense "' replies her brother fretfully, " the world's full of handsome boys." one turns to look at him, surprised at the petulance In his tone and she sees him looking at the young rider with a strange mingling of doubt, anxiety, and something, which is almost fear, in his gaze. And then, suddenly, the big wheel begins to do Strange things, while its rider sits serene, stands, kneels, plays the guitar, sways to and fro, and manages the ugly wheel as an expert, arah would control and ride his Barbary steed. Now he rides standing erect. upon the pedals, now poises upon the air, seemingly, balancing himself with equal care, upon hub or rim, and ending by taking the awkward machine literally to pieces, and holding aloft handle-bar. saddle, frame, pedals, and small rear wheel, and standing erect upon the bed;, naked " ordinary wheel, which was a bicycle no longer. And now he springs down from his perch, tosses away his playthings, and stands bow- ing and smiling while the silver trimmed safety is brought to him. Then there is more graceful and difficult wheeling, new evolutions that amaze, delight, and 'thrill: and -at last something new is brought to him and there is a momentary pause. It is at this moment that Felix Chetwynde rises, to give his seat to a lady who has approached through the crowd to address Aunt Cass and he takes his stand behind his sister's chair, bending down to speak in her ear. and resting his elbow familiarly upon the chair-back. Hope sits at the extreme end of the row. at the right, and her brother's position is now a most con- > spicuous one. standing, as he does, on the very edge of the platform and above the crowd, with her white lace parasol twirling over his shoulders. " What is that ?" asks Hope. " A giraffe. It's an ugly feat, and a dangerous one." "Why It-it isn't a bicycle-that tall thing ?" "That's what it is. Hark !" Juan had stepped from his wheel to the trestle-like framework of the giraffe, held beside him by his assistant, and he mount's it cat-like, seats himself in the saddle, and is wheeling across the exhibition space, sitting fifteen feet in air. Then, rising upon the lofty pedals, he stands erect and smil- ing, while a silken flag is tossed to him and. shaking its folds to the breeze, he waves. it above his head. It is a simple act. He has done things far more difficult, but the sight of the stars and stripes adds to the last exhilarating touch to the holiday spirit, and a loud hurrah bursts from hundreds of throats in salute to the flag and its bearer, who waves it again and again with renewed vigour, and "then as the shouts die away, a single voice, clear, rich, ringing, is heard' alone in a belated " brave." It is the voice of Felix Chetwynde, Who stands erect, one hand upon Hope's shoulder, the other waving aloft the snowy para- i soil and as it sounds across the course, vibrant and alone, the bearer of the flag starts, turns suddenly, stares for an in- stant the face, startled, aroused, and strange-totters, clutches wildly at the air, and flag. giraffe, and rider alf come crashing dawn and as they fall. a. brief cliffs i out. seeming to come from the very spot where the youth now lies, white and sense- less, with the usual crowd gathered about him. "If you don't care too much to see the last race, Pee," says Hope Chetwynde, when the still senseless trick rider has been borne away, and the gaping, curious crowd has scattered, ""I would like to go home. I have seen' enough, and more than enough ; as that boy fell his eyes seemed fixed upon us ; did you notice it And they seemed to burn into my face ! Of course," she adds loftily, "'if you can't tear yourself a was-" , , " But I can" declares Felix, with unusual readiness ; '* I've had enough myself. Come, let Otago out by the path across the turf." He is actually pale, as he catches up Hope's sunshade and proffers his arm to Aunt Cass, who looks at him questioningly-, and says, with a" sniff : " I guess you needn't burden yourself with me ! You look as if you had taken a tumble yourself. I never supposed you had such a soft and sympathetic soul. One of your own sex, too !" Hope, as she rises, looks up into his face. " t declare, Fee," she says, "you are pale ! Would- you like to ask after the young man before we leave the ground ?" But he shakes his head. " There'll he quite too many inquirers," he says; "I'll inquire later." As they pass out two reporters standing close by are comparing notes. " It's a critical case," says one, as he flutters the leaves of his note-book, " and it's a singular one to me. I've seen young Alvarege do" that' feat over and again, and when he should lose his balance at the very start is a thing that I can't understand." \- I can, then !" declares the other. " Fos sibly you did not see his face at the moment. He was shocked into losing his balance ; something, or some one, in the audience caused that sudden collapse that's clear enough to me ! But what I don't understand is this. They have shut out even the men who carried him, and won't let a masculine soul enter. He was taken in charge by an old woman, another came to her assistance, and they have sent already for a woman nurse. How does that strike you ?" . - "Humph!" grants the other. "Don't put that as a question ; I'm not an infant class !" " What does he mean ?" whispers Hope to her brother. But Felix has suddenly turned crabbed. " Don't ask me to guess their conun- drums !" he says fretfully, and his face is still pale and his manner nervous as he hurries them away. , '. A plague upon such ill-fortune," he is saying mentally, as he hands the ladies to their carriage and seats himself beside them. " That the old, almost forgotten folly should rise up to confront me now ! But I'll evade it yet. There was only a momentary glance, and-gad ! I'll join the Hiltons and-Terry in their little trip ! It will bring me close to her, and the mountains, are poor climbing for bicycle fiends." CHAPTER IV. , A Retrospect Enter Aunt Cassandra. "Truly a charming trio. A triangular alliance, well met after many days. And did you fall, upon each other's neck and weep ?" " We were not schoolgirls, you know. Sis. Nor yet In France." " Felix ! How dare you ?" " But, Sir, you interrupt a fellow so hope- lessly." " It's the first time during this conversation, Sis, and you have talked of Messrs. the great, only, and illustrious Hilton and Glynne for at least half- an-hour." The young man sitting astride the piazza railing laughed carelessly, and threw the stump of an exhausted cigar far out into the rose thicket upon the lawn opposite him, letting his eyes rest for a moment upon the clustering and spicy late roses and then looking beyond, across the broad and sloping stretch of greensward, to tie curving white . road circling downward around the hillside, and past it, to where-with just a broad band of green between its blue and the white gravel of the highway the lake lay sleeping and with scarce a ripple. ; " You've found a charming nook, maiden. Have you neighbours just as charming ?'. "That, you must find out for yourself:. The big, show. mansion over the hill to the north of us is occupied by an opulent brewer's family, and Madam Opulence, so said her handmaid to mine, thinks it my duty to call upon her at once, owing a little, to my youth, and a little more to her age and position, therefore superior, both of them." " Holy saints ! And the villa nestling over there-around that curve -of blue water *. " Is-for some reasons untenanted." "That place-; why it looks-from-nari ideal It is. I have visited it. It is almost prettier than this, and it has one charm that this place has not.'.' " And that is" " It's-haunted." "Bosh !" " Don't say that to the fishermen and their wives across the lake, the girl said, yawning prettily behind a concealing runs. " The people about here have faith in their ghost, I do assure you and they manifest it by keeping as far away from Redlands as they can. The place is as lovely as it is charming." The young man looked across the half- moon of sunlit water opposite' that which indented the wooded shore, using his curved right hand as if it were a glass. "I believe it's the very thing!" he murmured. "How far is it from this haven of rest, sister mine ?" " One mile by water, two by land. And for what is it the a very thing,' Per Do you propose setting up your lodge in this wilderness ?" Felix Chetwynde turned his back to the lake, and swung a long time over the piazza rail as he faced his sister. "I'm thinking of the Milton of Mrs. Hilton, of Loyd, of course ; "and-most of all, of-" " Lorna. Say it, Fee. And you need not let red up to your eyes at the mere thought of a pretty girl, need you ? It's not like you, old boy. Do you mean that the Hiltons want a house for the summer, or what, is left of it ?" (Felix nodded. " They do," he said briskly ; " and I shall write to Loyd to- day to tell him all about the villa. About Redlands ! By-the-way, who gave it that name It's builder and owner, I am told." Hope's tons 15; grown all at once, lazily, almost coldly, indifferent. " Don't omit the ghost, Fee ?" " 1 won't.' He has separated himself from the pram rail and pillar now, and is moving toward the open door as he speaks. "The place will suit Lorna to the very last hill] and dale-, brook and hollow and between the good fishing and the other attrac- tions-" glancing at his sister. " Felix Chetwynde !" The girl has' suddenly lifted herself from the cushioned hammock, and her head poises itself proudly. " Well ?" He turns, suppressing a smile. " Don't you dare to mention my name in any way !" and she goes swiftly within. Hope Chetwynde is the mistress of the pretty lakeside home too big to be called a cottage, too low and rambling, rustic and gabled, to be fitly termed a villa ; yet a ville it is called. She is also mistress of more than this. Ten years before one of those sudden and awful railway holocaust, which come upon our beautiful great country all too often, had deprived Hope Chetwynde and her elder half brother of their parents, both instantly killed, and clinging together in a clasp of love and death. This calamity left the two (Hope, still in a home school, and Felix nearing the end of his preparatory course seemingly quite alone in the world, but with a Joint Income which assured them a life of comfort, if not of luxury. And then had appeared the fairy (?) god- mother. Cassandra Chetwynde was the half-sister of Hope's father, and up to the time of his death she had been to Hope only a name, which stood for two things, wealth and eccentricity. But a week after the sad double funeral, and while Hope and her brother still lingered forlornly in the bereaved and dreary home, now a home no more. Cassandra CJhetwynde became an active principle in. the lives of the two. They were sitting forlornly opposite each other at the table where luncheon had been served, and still stood -almost untasted for the two had been discussing their future, on the subject had not proved a stimulant to the appetite when the door opened almost without sound, and a diminutive person all in black and gray, and bearing herself, despite her smallness, with a dignity and self-possession which saved the situation and the surprise from the least element of embarrassment, at least upon the part of the new-comer. "Good morning, my dears, she said, advancing and reaching Hope's side before the child could recover herself and rise, and quite ignoring Felix for the moment. " Don't rise . I am going to ask for a cup of tea soon. I am Miss Chetwynde, your father's half sister. I heard of his death by an accident through an old newspaper picked up by chance. I was in California, and I came on at once." She has placed a small gloved hand upon the girl's shoulder and now, having studied her since the first moment of entrance from a. pair of keen, clever, and fine gray eyes, the small lady bends and kisses the white forehead upturned beneath her gaze. " You are very like your mother, dear !" she says, and then she turns toward the youth: " And this is-" She stops inquiringly. " Felix," he says, and rises with a low bow. " Felix !" She puts out, a hand almost frigidly and then, as it is withdrawn from his somewhat loose clasp, she catches at a chair back and almost reels. " I must sit down." she says, and sinks into the nearest chair. " Fe-, young man, have you finished your luncheon ?" .' Yes, madam." Miss M you please ! (Miss Chetwynde. Then, in that case, will you kindly order me some fresh tea ? Nothing more, mind : and-leave your sister and myself to a quiet little chat. 'I see that I shall not get to know her until we are Tete a (Tete." " With pleasure-Miss-Chetwynde." Felix bows again, shoots" a quizzical glance at his sister, and goes out, leaving the visitor smiling behind his retreating back at his equivocal answer and prompt retreat. Then she sinks back into the place he has just vacated, pushing away the seat she had first occupied, and turning again toward Hope. " Your brother is not dull by any means," she says, smiling a little ; " ano? I see you are wondering why I sent him away, eh ? Well. I'll tell you. It's because I want to make your acquaintance first, and I see that with this good- looking older brother to the fore your role is second." " You are mistaken. Miss-Chetwynde ; Felix is not overbearing, and-we are excellent chums ! He's, very good to me !" " Glad to hear it, and glad that you have a proper spirit, Hope. I like a proper spirit in a girl. She's a poor chance in life without one. Now, let's understand each other at once ; I hate rigmarole. How much do you know about me, Hope Chetwynde ?" Hope is 10 years old, and she has never been snubbed nor suppressed. She has a bright wit and a nimble tongue, and she is by nature frank and fearless. "I know very little," she begins, meeting the eye of the new-comer openly, and with evident purpose to understand as well as to inform. " You are my papa's half-sister and when his stepmother, your own mother, died you went to live with her only sister, who was childless and a widow." " Quite so," says Miss Chetwynde, push- ing away the dishes from before her. " I believe you and papa seldom met after his first marriage" You and your aunt went abroad, and lived many years in Italy and southern France. You came home shortly before papa and my mamma were married, and you were present at their wedding." " Yes. It was all I could do." " All-I-pardon me, I do not understand. " Of course not. How should you, child ? Who was to tell you how I came home to the States,' a lonely woman, craving sympathy and a home of my own. Two years before I had buried the man I loved, and two months before my aunt's death had left me a solitary woman. I came home with wealth, and with nothing else, hoping to make a home for your father and myself to gether. His first welcoming words-how fully warmed my heart but his next speech made me an exile once more for he told me, the moment the greetings were over of his approaching marriage. That changed everything. I stayed for the wedding, and then I went back alone." " But-Auntie papa always called you his dear sister and my aunt. That is not quite all for you gave mamma the most lovely opals and pearls, and they both, mamma and papa, begged you to stay with them.". Poor ! To be sure they did ! What else could they do ? An old maid in dovecot ; besides you're a very sweet little girl of, my dear, but-I detested babies !' On Auntie !" In spite of herself Hope laughed. " And yet you sent me my name, long, long before I was ready for it-and afterward. lone'aXterttard, I am told that when you went away, you asked them to name their first-born son Felix, after- After Felix Hope, my dead lover," Miss Chetwynde said, in a low sad tone, "" Yes, and I learned later that they did, and still later, that you had been named Hope, when I was far away." She mused a moment. '* And is that all you can tell me ?" she asked then. .' Very 'nearly. Papa used to speak of you often, and mamma taught me to pray for you as I did for papa and herself-" " And-did you ?" in a hushed tone. Of course, always !" " Go on, my dear," said the other quite gently. " I think that is all. Papa used, to wish you would write us sometimes. He thought it would be so sad if anything happened to you, so far away." " And after all is happened to him-and Î -I did not write, I hate writing letters,; they're the most barren of apologies, for free interchange of thought. But I did keep an eye upon your people, through my man of business, who knew your father very well ouly-Mr. Frayne chanced to be in the mountains last week, and I was in the country. Fate seems to owe me some hate- ful grudge, I sometimes think and poor Chris was buried, and I never knew." She turns away her face for a moment, and when she speaks again her tone has changed, and is brisk and businesslike once more. " Do you know why I have swooped down upon you like this, child ?" Hope shook her head. There was a little sob in her throat, and she could not speak at the moment. " Then I'll tell you. You're young to talk business, but a child-woman knows her own mind and needs sooner than most think. Have you a guardian ?" i" No. Papa-died-so soon." 111 know. And have you made any plans, you and Felix ?" " No, not really ; we were trying to de- cide when you came." " Then hear mine. I have nothing, to offer but my money, but I have come to make one last effort to set up a home. Will you come and live with me, child, until you are of age ? Wait, let me finish. I will buy a pretty, cosy place near your school, and you may choose for guardian whom you will." "It will be you, then. Auntie." " Tut, tut ! you don't know me yet ; wait and see. I will try and make a home for you until you are IS, then-if we both live and have not quarrelled, I mean to tell you exactly one-half of my money, so that you may be just as independent as myself, and then-" " Auntie-please-" " Don't interrupt, child ! I would do it now, if you were old enough. Understand me ; if you and I are still under one roof: a few years hence, it will be because we are mutually pleased so to live. And in that case I shall not hesitate to give my wretched money where I willingly, give my regard and friendship. Don't you see, child, that what I hope to receive from you will be worth more to me than money ? It will be what money cannot buy, child," again her voice takes that softer, sadder tone. " If you had lived one year of a lone woman's life, you would understand that I am asking quite as much as giving: Shall I let you think before you answer me ?" " No, Auntie, I know what I think, but s." She paused. " But-well ?" " I am thinking of Felix. Dear Auntie, I am sure I can love you very much, but I can't leave Felix, now." Not for-a fortune ?" " We are not really poor, Auntie ?" " Pooh ! I know what you have both of you I suppose you give Felix your share of your father's money-eh ?" " I would do that gladly-but if he wants me-no, I cannot leave him." " "And so I must go back alone ?" " Aunt Cassandra, why ? You would love Felix when you knew him. Oh, I don't care for your money, but please stay with us I want you both ! It will be so dear to have you to look up to, and to help me ! Oh, I dread the loneliness of my new life so much, and I know there's a heart full of love and kindness in your bosom, I see it looking out of your eyes, even when they try to look stern. Be kind to us both, Auntie, do, do !" " So." The Daily leans across the table where the untasted tea has been deposited by the silent maid, and stands cooling and quite ignored. " So you choose Felix, and refuse half-a-million. Half-a-million I think, child." Hope rises slowly, but, before she can reply, the door opens silently, and Felix ap- bears upon the threshold. Miss Chet\\\ynde," he says, in his soft, mellow drawl, and with a look of appeal in his eyes, " let me speak to her I came under that open window just now, and heard your last words ; let me advise Hope, she is so young and unselfish. Hope, you must not refuse this generous gift ; I must leave you soon, and you need a woman friend more than you need-" "Felix!" Hope is standing very erect, and her head is held high as she uttered his name in clear, ringing, girlish tones, and looks from one to the other turning back, at last, to the woman opposite her, but holding out her hand towards her brother, " Auntie, it must be both or neither !" "Thank Heaven !" Cassandra Chetwynd has dropped back upon her chair, and, having looked long at the face of the now agitated girl, and from her to the puzzled youth in the doorway, she breaks into a peal of laughter that transfigured her and all, strong face, and is heard with amazement by the servant in the kitchen. ' Felix," the little spinster cries, when the gust of laughter has expended itself, " those that door and come here ! Hope, you plucky, honest little maid, I wouldn't give you up now if you had as many big brothers to fling at my head as you have fingers on your two little bands ! God bless you, my child-woman, did you think I would really turn my back upon the namesake of Felix Hope ? Sit down, both of you, and let us talk and settle our little plans." And talk they do, and to such good pur rose, for two of them at least, that ten years later we find Aunt Cassandra and Hope Chetwynd together still, and the spinster enjoying in her own quaint way her heart's desire, a home and something to love, and to return that love freely. (To be continued.) 