\--?El^-Jto^irff^, Emn letter of Life. BOOKY. THE FAIR HAND OF JUS J^:V;J-vU , TIOE. ' ?' ? ??? \- i CHAPTER XTI. ?- .' ' ! - ? . k ' , . T^8 RaiBBHED FlUDUSTBBO. Ae he passes up Fifth Avenue he gazes at the house wb,ere his adored has fought with disease and conquered it, and kieiing bis hand to it in bia Latin Way, murmurs : ' Mi querida, mi alma caritsima J3lanchita\ Ah, God has been good to mo; she trill be the ?Dianeae 01 oia. x Bnau ace uer ueauu fnl faco inopired by her szqnisite spirit ; ,/hecejes trill look into mine and say they lore me. Sbo shall worship and adore toe. , I shall havo hci to be my own for ever, and a day.' And the sun in Central Park, as he drives through its leafy avenues, seema tuere brilliant to Don Ignooio Pasqoale ' (^rti^ jthan it ever shone on Cuban plan tation when he destroyed the only thing be thinks stood between him and her love//.' '-.:'. ??..-. ; 7 ' '?'. ...? .. . ,h;. v CHAPTER XVII. ''' v ?* The Delibidh or Tkuth. f The next day, about the hoar ap ??.)?„ .' pointed'fpr.; Ortia' visit, George Denni f- _. eon.jast returned from the tropics rings ?-'/ ?? the bell at Mr. Grayson's Fifth Avenue r .residence, and Bend his card to Miss Laura Morales. He wishes to ask abont the health of the young lady whose ravings still ring : in hit ears na he left the yacht at Ber ^paafts. ?; In addition, he bag to disclose ' ? little further news he has obtained in Cubi. For during his stay at Nassau the journalist haa been ordered by a letter \ffom^iiq .paper to again visit that island , itol report; Jf -;tWe is any chance of an armistice between the insurgents and the Captain-General, rutaours of that float ing abontKew York at that time. The appearance of the banker's house as Dennison enters gives him hope that , mil is well with the beautiful daughter of 'the mansion. The servants look bright and cheerful. The great windows are thrown open to get the soft breezes of a bright May day. -' A moment after Miss Morales comes pleasantly to meet him, with good news «n her radiant face, for her bright eyes have lost the look of anxiety that was in them when he last saw them, and the r young lady is dressed in the prettied of ' light summer tissues to greet the warm * %f ring : weather. Her voice is ; cheerful and cordial as ?he gives him her hand and says : 'Welcome, Mr, Dennison,' then adds: ' Thank heaven, Blanche is once more v*ell enough for us to receive our -friends.' ' She has recovered entirely ? ' asks the newspaper man delighted. 11 If not recovered, very near to it,' answers the girl. ' So near to ifc that Senor Ortiz, for the first time visits us since our return to New York. The ' 'debtors feared that the sight of that noble gentleman might revive the memo ries of that awful night when poor 'Temple — i— ' The gill's voice trembleB here ; she passes her hand over her ejres. '?? Don't rfifflr in thnf, mnf.f.nr if it agitatea.you,' interjects George haati'y. 'lYoar note to me .last night indi cated- you had returned to Cuba. Have you any more information ? ' suggests tEe lady, waving him hospitably to a obaia. ?' Only a little,' replies the journalist, 'though I called at Gnantanamo to ebUin the very latest news.' ' Yea,' tbo exaot truth !' smiles Miss Morales. ..... 'I Synonymous terms,' replies the f newspaper, man briskly in 'support of his '^jrpfesjion ; then taking a seat indicated to him by the gracious band of ij/biB (hostess, i goes on rapidly : ' All I ' ' Muld learn was that a prisoner had been Bhot while attempting to escape, and „ t ,that-i Lieutenant. Gonzales, the . offi cer of the guard, was being vi'CQart-martialod for the eilair. I tried to interview Colonel Villalonga, but that austere: warrior hinted that in Cuba journalists often received bullets instead of bulletins. Still I know several ..(oiBpaniah soldiers were killed, so Temple xnuii nave naa assistance. \- ' Of course ! The gallant Ortiz ! ' . cries' Laura enthunastioally. ' You re member when he came on board he him self was slightly wounded and his clothei \- riddled with bullets.' ?-._ 'Miss Blanehe must be very grate ful to him,' remarks George sympa thetically. erri.: f.'.To this day she does not know it,' ?niwero the girl. ?? We have never 'dared to mention to Blanohe the details ?f Ortin' gallant condnot.' ' Of course,' mutters the newspaper man, ' The brain fever?' ?? Yes, even after we came to New . York the doctors said that if Blanche .lived. it; would be only to live insane. Then how her poor father prayed to God \- to spare bi« darling's life and his dar ling's mind.' ' But she is convalescent ? ' ♦'So much so that two days ago we took her to the theatre to see Mr. Lester Wollack play in 'Ours,' still I fear the noiao on tbo guns in the Crimean scene reminded her. Bat Blanche has grown Tery brave now, though we ore told if that terrible hallucination eTer returns to her she will become incurable; tbo more certainly, because now she has ^?thrown it out of her mind entirely. She no more talks of haviDg scattered ''Temple's life to the four winds of Heaven. Bho even asks to sea a man who in her mrfal delirium she accused of murder-—' The girl checks herself anddenly here. 'Who ?' asks tho newspaper man j eagerly. 'A true friend whom it would wound most cruelly, a gallant gentleman whose name I must never mention.' Miss Morales manner indicates she will answer no questions on this subject. 'I beg your pardon,' remarks George, biting hia lip. ''The instinct of a journal ist is to question.' Bat at this moment the banker comes in, apparently in ,tb-j highest spirits, and eries cheerily to him : 'Ah, DenniBon, my boy,' and shaking his hand, con tinues : 'I am delighted to see you. I wish to thank yon for keeping this un happy affair out of the newspapers,' 'A diffioult matter,' says George. 'Indeed ?' cries Miss Morales. 'Yes ; tearing a sensational article from %n average reporter is mnch like pulling a meaty bone out of the jaws of a bull-dog.' Then the instinct of new journalism coming to him, the young man goes on enthusiastically : ' I had it embellished by all the romantic details imagination csnld throw about it. I had written the letter from Bermuda to the New York ? Graphic.'' 'You f' cry Laura and her father to gether, a tone of horror in their voices. 'Of course,' replies George earnestly. 'You don't suppose I would give such a sensational item to any one else to pnb lioh ?. Great heavens, what kind of a newspaper man do you think me ?' This is in a rather indignant tone, which grows sad as he continues : 'Ab, I bad sketches of Ortiz, the hero. But I succeeded, I conquered myself, I threw that letter into my waste-paper basket. You need never fear your daughter's seeing a news paper.' 'Thank you,' cries the banker warmly. ' I appreciate your self- control,' then asks eagerly : 'You have no further in formation from Cuba ?' 'Only what I told Miss Morales a few moments since which is unimportant. But a Bermuda steamer arrived about two hours ago. They sometimes bring both passengers and mails which have crossed from the insurgent lines, But I mtut be going,', and he rises. But both, the banker and his daughter insist upon his remaining. ' You must wait and see Blanche,' remarks Laura warmly. 'But will not any presence make her remember?' suggests the newspaper man. 'We have outgrown the fear of that,' replies Graysoc, 'otherwise 'do you sup pose I. would have invited. Senor Ortiz here this afternoon. I wish my daughter to remember, but only to remember the truth. If you Will excuse me, I will bring Blanche to you.' ? : For a sweet voice is calling to him down the great stairway : ' Papa dear 1 Is not that Mr. Dennison I bear in the hall. Don't let him go ; I want to Bee him for a few minutes.' George notes Blanche's tone is the same as the girl's had been when first he met her, only now there is a strange de termination in it, a firmness that as tonishes him, considering the severity. of tbe mental attack from which she has just recovered. But this is swept out of his mind very rapidly, for, as Grayson runs up the stairway, Miss Morales says suddenly to Denniaon : ' What is that commotion among the. servants down-stairs 7' And listening, the journalist hears shrill femi nine screams and exoited negro guffawB and ejaculations. 'Good gracious,' cries Laura. 'Our awful cook must be drank again,' and runs down-stairs hurriedly, followed by the journalist. But in the kitchen tbe girl gives a horrified, startled scream . 'Pomp I' For in the centre of tbe room stands a negro, clothed most exquisitely in Sixtl Avenue fashion, who is fanning a pretty abigail quite gallantly and tenderly with a frying-pan, and jabbering : ' Lawsa massey. Dey all t'inks I'se a ghost.' This ia tbe undoubted truth, as tbe cook, a great burly negreae, has fainted dead by the kitchen fire ; the house maid is in hysterics in a chair ; and from the appearance of Mr, Dodson, the but ler, it is -evident he is in terror of the superaatual. 'Hit come in on us sudden liko, miss — and hit uttered sack 'ideons laughs ; Llow me — hi'm— -hi'm nearly gone,' shud ders the flunky, 'Pomp j' again ejaoulatea Laura, as tonishment in her voice. 'Yas, all dat's left eb me, back from Cuba. Praise the Lord ! Home ag'in,' cries the negro, with rolling eyes. 'Don't go travellin' no more. Reckon Newport is far enough fo' de next trip.' With this, Miss Morals mutters hastily to George : 'Mr. Temple's old servant, whom he took with him to the island.' '?Yes, I know,' says the newspaper man. 'You came by the Bermuda 3teamer ?' 'Yas.' 'Poor fellow,' breaks in Laura, ' yon bave returned, but your toaster — ?' and tears come inta her eyes. 'I'se got Bomet'ing from 'im,' says the negro hurriedly, and produces a let ter. ' His— his handwriting,' gasps Laura seizing it. ' Yob ; de last words he spoke was gibe dis to Miss Blanche,' says the negro solemnly. 'His last words 7' cries tbe newspaper man 'His last words 7' falters Laura. 'His bery last words,' mutter* Pomp. 'Say, let me take dis to Miss Blanche,' ind Mr. Smith turns to the door. But Laura baa hold of him, and is ory ng : 'She mnsc neither see you nor ibis letter — not for the presont.' 'I don't understand.' 'You vrill remind her too much of tho past,' cries the newspaper man. ' Remain down- Blairs,' says Laura ixoitedly, putting the epistle in her poo set, for light steps on the upper stairway :oma to them, and tbey hear the rustle -f laces and /row frou of summer gar nents on tbo floor above. (To bs GoHrnnr hd.) 