CHAPTER IV. That night, at sunset, as Soada lay upon the sheep- skin spread for her, with the child nestled between her arm and her breast, a figure darkened the - door- way, and old Fatima cried out "Mahommed Salim!" With a gasping sound So- ada gathered the child quickly to her breast, and shrank back to the -wall. This surely was the ghost of Mahommed Salim - thia gaunt, stooping figure, cov- ered with dust! "Soada, in the name ot ÀllaVi ïhtx PnmniicjainTiafíi Allah the Compassionate, the Merciful, Soada, beauti- ful one!" Mahommed Salim, once the lithe, the straight, the graceful, now bent, awkward, fevered, all the old daring gone from him, stood still in the mid- dle of the room, humbled before the motherhood in his sight. "Brother of jackals," cried old Fatima, "what dost thou here before her whom thou forsook? What dost thou here, dog of dogs?" She spat at him. ' He took no notice. "Soada," he said eagerly, prayerfully, and his voice though hoarse was softer than she had ever heard it before. "Soada, I have come through death to the- Listen, Soada! At night when sleep was upon the bar- rack-house, I stole out to come to thee. My heart had been hard. I had not known., how much I loved thee-" Soada interrupted him. "What dost thou know of love, Mahommed Salim? The blood ot the dead cries from the ground!" He came a step nearer. "The blood ot Was- sef, the camel-driver, is upon my head," he said. "In the desert there came news of . it. Ini the desert, even while we fought the wild tribes, one to ten, a voice kept crying In my ear, even as thou hast cried, 'What dldBt thou know of love, Ma- hommed Salim!' One by one the men of Beni Souef fell round me; one by one they ; spoke of their village and of their women, and begged fo* a drop of water, and died. And my heart grew hot within me, and a spirit kept whispering in my ear, 'Mahommed Salim; think of the village thou hast shamed, of Soada thou hast wronged! No drop of water shall cheer thy soul In dy- ing.' " Fatima and Soada listened now with bated breath, for this was the voice of one who had drunk the vinegar and gall of life. "When the day was done, and sleep was upon the barrack-house, my heart waked up, and'l knew that I loved Soada as I had never loved her. V I ran into the desert, and the jackals flew before that I loved Soada as I had never loved her. I came to the tomb of Amshar the Sheikh, by which was a well, I found a train of camels. One of these I stole, and again I ran into the desert, and left the jackals behind. Hour after hour, day and night, I plunged on. But faintness was upon mp, and dreams came. For though only the sands were before me, I seemed to watch the Nile run- ning-running, and thou beside it, hastening with it, hastening, hastening towards thy home.' And Allah put a thorn into my heart, that a sharp pain went through my body-and at last I fell." Soada's eyes were on him now with a strange swimming brilliancy. "Mahommed, Mahommed Salim, Allah touched thine eyes that thou didst see truly," she said eag- erly. ? ' "Speak not till I have done," he answered, :"When I waked again I was alone *in the desert, no food, no water, and the dead camel beside me. ? But I had no fear. 'If it be God's will,' said I, i 'then'shall I come unto Soada. ; If it be not Gorl'ü, will, so be it; for are we not on the cushion of His mercy, to sleep or to wake, to live or to die!' " He paused tottering, and presently sank tipon the ground, his hands dropped before him, his head bent down.. Old Fatima touched him on the shoulder. VBrother of vultures didst thou go forth; brother of eagles dost thou return,", she said. "Bat, drink, lu the house of thy child and Its mother." "Shall the unforgiven eat or drink?" he said, and he rocked his body/to and fro, like .one who chants.the Koran in a corner of Bl Aznar, forget- ting and forgotten. Soada's eyes were on him now as though they might never leave him again; and as she dragged herself little by little towards him, herself and the child- little by little, until at last she touch- ed his feet,'! and the child's face was turned to- wards him from its mother's breast. "Thou art my love, Mahommed Salim," she said. He raised his head from his hands, a hunger o' desire in hfs face. "Thou art my lord," she added; "art thou not forgiven? The little one is thine and mine," she whispered. "Wilt thou not speak to him?" "Lest AKah should strike me with blindness and dry up the juice of my veins, I will not touch thee or the child until all be righted. Food will I not eat, nor water drink until thou art mine-by thc law of the Prophet, mine!" : Laying down the water-jar, and the plate of dourha bread, old Fatima gathered her robe about, her, and cried as .Ehe ran from the house: "Mar- riage and fantasia thou shalt have this hour." The stiffness seemed to pass from her bones as ehe ran through the village to the house of ttl» Omdah. Her voice, lifting shrilly, sang "The Song of Haleel," the song of the newly-married, till it rose even to the cali of Muezzin on the tower of the mosque Kl Hassan, and mingled with, it, dying away over the fields of berseem and the swift-flowing Nile. That night Mahommed Salim and Soada, the daughter of Wassef the camel-driver, were married, but the only fantasia they held was their own low laughter ovar the child. In the village, how- ever, people were little moved to smile, for they knew that Mahommed Salim was a deserter from the army of Ismail at Dongola, and that meant death. But no one told Soada this, and she did not think; she was content to rest in the fleeting dream undisturbed. "Give them twenty-four hours," said the black visaged, fat sergeant of cavalry come to arrest Mahommed Salim for desertion. The father of Mahommed Salim again offered the Mamoor a feddan of land if the young man . might go free, and to the sergeant he offered a she-camel and a buffalo. To no purpose. It was Mahommed Salim himself who saved his father's goods to him. He sent this word to the sergeant by Yusef, the drunken ghaffir: "Give me to ano- ther sunset and sunrise, and what I have is thine: an onion field and threè black donkeys of Assiout rented to old Abdullah, the saraf!'' Because with this off er, he should not only have backsheesh, but the man also, the fat sergeant gave him leave. . When the time was up, and Mahommed Salim drew Soada's face to his breast, he knew that it was the last look and last embrace. "I am going back," he said; "my place is empty at Dongola." "No, no, thou Bhalt not go," «he cried. "See how the little one loves thee," and cobbing she held the child up 'to him. But he spoke softly to her, and at last she said: "Kiss me, Mahommed Salim. Behold how thy discharge shall be bought from the palace of Is- mail the Khedive, and soon thou wilt return," she cried. - "If it be the will of God," he answered; "but the look of thine eyes I will take with me, and the face of the child here." He thrust a finger into the palm of the child, and the little dark hand closed round it. But when he would have taken . it away the little. hand still clung, though the eyes were scarce opened upon life; : "See, Mahommed Salim," Soada cried, "he would go with thee." "He shall come to me one day, by the mercy of God," answered Mahommed Salim. Then he went out into the market-place and ; gave himself up to the fat sergeant. As they reached the outskirts of the village a sorry camel came with a sprawling gallop af ter them, and swaying and rolling about it was Yusef, the \- drunken ghaffir, his neboot of dom wood across his knees. v .?. "What dost thou come for, friend of the mercy of God?" asked Mahommed Salim. a "To be thy messenger, praise be to God!" an- swered Yusef, swinging his water- bottle clear for a drink. 