jBoondi's Budget for the Smoker©®!! (FOR THE ''REFEREE.') ? ^_^»^» CERTAIN clergyman \--rf^*XBf?& took his little son P' \±j& ll! /J 'J- anti Bravely said, Q; JMi-J-'« fv; t0,1Cs ' Onco upon ?~Mkr r J k-i » Umo tuoro were ~3gUnt-¥\ff R- two rich men, one ifi / \ ^g, industry. while *«Tar V-A 4^9 the other mado T3t ^ ir Now, which of these two men would you prefer to le ' And Tommy, after a moment's serious hesi tation, asked: 'Which ov 'cm made the biggest pile V Vcnly the children of this generation know a heap more than thp'r fathers, and could lose their grandparents in a game of 'grab' as well. » « ? * I am reminded of the above by the fact that last week I had the option of going to the races or to a church bazaar, and after gravo deliberation I chose tho latter So far as tho mere matter of being cleanea out and sent home a 'broker' Is concerned, thoro is little to .choose between the races or the other robbery, and the sport one misse3 by not attending a Turf meet !3 nicely balanced by the delightful mauling about at Beauty's hands ono receives at the church shlvoo. The latter recalls the caso of the young lady, who, on being asked how she liked tho ball at which she had just made her debut, candidly replied: 'Oh, the dancing Isn't up to much, but the hugging a girl gets is simply Heavenly!' So it is at a church bazaar — as long as your money lasts. After that you couldn't be shunned more carefully if you had been teu days down with, small-pox. At the bazaar referred to, Cardinal Moran let off one of the smartest and soundest re marks I ever heard. 'Some persons-; say; ? observed his Eminence, 'that church ba zaars encourage gambling. My experience is that two visits to a church bazaar woulil euro the greatest gambler . ever . born. ? There aro few shrewder heads in Sydney than the one the Cardinal wears under his shove-1-hat, and 'Oiilda' wasn't very far out when she said: 'Journalists, ?ladles- maids, and priests' know everything.' (The order 111 which the I110 is placed 13 'Oulda's' not mine.) ? ? * ? It I didn't go to the iaces, howover I met a man .who did, and he. told . mo. a/ few 'plpa yams' vvhich ua- oe worth repeat ing Ono lelates to a. certain owner, who, after a long and painful' run, of bad luck, felt that it was absolutely, imperative foi him to get a 'letrlever' Accordingly, -.Her a dealof clever manoeuvring, .ho man aged to get a good- horse pitched In at o nlco low weight for a good, betting racu, and then he engaged a particularly smart jockey, to whom ho told just enough to make him understand .(as- he thought) ..time; it had been found necessary to '.'work, tne oracle' .to. a fair extent. The raco.is,.easlly described.. After scouring a fair start, :us a guaranteo of: good faith, the. very, clever. Jockc) mentioned caiefully pulled out to allow someone else to get .up, and then h» ihojwbd brcV until the distance post was lcichei1 Theie he managed to get nlmselr so ..1 ti-ticallv shut In that nothing short of a Maxim gun could have made an open ing, and tho horse ho had niade way, foi v,on with a little to spare As tho. flyers were returning, lo. the wolghr ing-yard, the furious, owner of the pulled horse rushed up to his jock., who 'Was grin I'ing all ovei his face like a baked 'possum, and hoarsely asked 'What the h — 1 weru -ou doing with my horse that you didn'i let him' go V' 'Hush !' returned the, 're- markably clevci paity in tnc pigskin 'Don't shout,- or thia 1 bookn'll get the -office It's alliight.'t I'll ride him to-morrow and win, and jou can bet as long as cvci the 'Tommies ' will stand you' 'lo- moirow I ' gasped the infuiiated ow ner 'Why, joa gory idiot, jou fiamln' son of a bob-tailed jackass I bet cvei.v blankj cent I had in the worid to-day 1 iTale two tells of. a good sortof, a citizen, ono ot those cheery splrlt3 who do not know a horse's pastern from- a pie-meloii, but who Will goto.thernees'iand have then little bit on Just, for the pure love of: sport, and who good-uatuiedly think everyone Is as honest as themselves. 'This manweut-to a certain meet, and bad luck bumped him up against a cronk fielder, who laid him 50 to' 5 about a horse; whose real' price was even moi'ej Soon aftei .this he met two good friends, who were down to every move on tho Tuif, and who could use then 'dukes ' lo good puiposc In a ling as well When. the guileless party told. them ot, the fancy wager ho had made, they said noth ing but they looked at each other veij haid, and aftei a friendly 'nip' they left tho 'Innocent' nnd went to take stock or Iho obliging party ho had dealt with: * ? ? ? The moment they saw then man they read his little game, and determined to not only; stand, by the guileless friend,; but to stand by the faney fielder also — onlj in a different sense of the term, of course.- When the Hag fell the horse backed by the 'In- nocent' went to I he front, aud was ap paiently making every post a winning one aud coming .home alone \s the llj er tui ned Into the straight, it occurred to the bold, bin man with tho bag that that was no place foi him, .end 'o ho made a bce-lliip foi the back fence, aud was splinting attai nt a Hi el j pace when he found himself sua denly gi.'bbed by two pahs of brawny hands, and it didn't take two seconds fop him to undciotand that the men who hail nailed; him meant business, and the-lcss'ht annoyed- thenr the better for himself. 'Wo: aie sony to detain a gentleman viho ap pears to. bo in such a desperate. hurry,'.' said: one of the. men ivory firmly; but- respect fully, .''but you, owe our mutual. friond;- Mr. X. £50, and you had better haudltovor'tb' us quietly; and qulcklyif you don't want to niits thejlbus.' ? ? ? ? Seeing that the game Was up; and belns fearful ? of ; being ' caught -by ' other ' victims, ho wns fleecing, the cronk peneillei piiio over five lovely 'tenners,'' and .then .struck out foi Svdney, home, and beauty 'Mean- vhllc,': however, a devil of a hubbub wan going on at Iho rails, for the- unexpecton was coming to: pass; or, in .plain talk, a horso^had shot .away from the,, ruck, like a streak of oiled:, lightning, and., it. looked as If the' real race was only just- about to begin.' Half vvny down the straight this flyer challenged' the leader, and the moment tho; rider of thu latter drew his whip ho turned it up like a thorough cocktail, aud was -'beaten by a length. What the gentle man who bolted with his bag thoughtwhen he heard of that rare finish may be guessed, but what ho said couldn't, even he hinted nt in any respectablo paper for fear of fire. . ? ? ? ? It is a well-established fact that a real ly good trainer who has a string of merelr tnoderato horses will show a better banking account ut the end of the year than u 'messer' who may have a stablo full of flyers of the Car bine, Nowhaveu, and Bobadil typo. Oua traiuer ot tho first-mentioned class was be ing congratulated upon ? his cleverness, when he shrewdly said: 'The truth is that any fool can train horses, but it takes a thoroughly smart man to place them.' That's a fact. And some say that, during our last meeting a few of tho. ? flutters fully proved it c ? « » There is no Insolvent merchant or stone broke sport who has so many trickti to up hold his position and hang on to his busi ness as Premier Reid has to keep posses sion of his portfolio. Of late he has been, 'all things to all men,' and if they had a vote he'd be hopping round to please the women also. He has eaten enough dlrt.pla during tho past few months to turn ths stomach of an emu, and he now stands on tho samo level as that other pliable politi cian who said: 'Them's my political' sen- timents, gentlemen, but if you don't like them I can easily alter them to suit your own.' Instead of being a statesman of light and leading, our George has made hlmselc tt doormat for the rest of the Assembly to wipe their boots on, and tho rougher they, wipe them the' softer the mat- becomes; Poor old Parkes knew the man thoroughly when he said: 'Reid has no sense of dig nity. Ho would go to a Queen's levee Id a shilling cab.' He would do worse than, that. He would go between tho shafts of the cab and haul a batch of tho shirt* sleeved 'crowd to a polling booth to vote fo/ him. * ? . ? , 'We aro all striving to do our best for tho country,' said the' Premier tho other da- , a remark vvhich recalls tho story told ot a certain candidate, 3iho Invariably ioaa put speeches that'were prepared for hjm by a friendly 'ghost.' On one occasion this legislative luminary was trading on tho 'ghost'3' brains ns usual when he glanced at tbe document pieraied for him, and crok cd his own political goose by shouting out to tho crowd below 'I m aware, gintllmin, that many of je aie agin me, an agin' ma politics as well. (He had enough eggs and flour oh his. clothes to make a Christmas pudding) But shurelj, gintilmin, we aro all workln' for th' good av th' counthiy. It.is- only. a.mere detail that mo opponents ;arb, mar- r-chln- 'Olio way arid mesclf an .otBe'r.V.but'-'vve musht ' romhnbir that wo aroallshtrivin', ,to ralch tho same gaol !? So lbrig-aa there is. plenty of pony racina' to improve ouo's mind (and shaipen one » vits), I don't see the necessity foi wasting time and risking one's reputation over poli tical swindles, but I cannot help lemai1: mg in a mild sort of v.aj that the iran 1. ho - whoops for Federation at any price must be more kinds of a fool than the manage! of any lunacy adjlum evei met, with— Jus» at present it would be well for us to re ?mbmberi tho wisdom 'contained -,in,' the an cient fable of tho two frogd that consulted ' when theh puddle was dry where thpy should go, foi a futiue residence O1.0 ' ft os said he knew of a OOCt well near hand, and suggested that they should flop to tho bottom of it, b°cause the vatci was not likely to run diy dow u there 'That seems good enough at the first glance,' said tho wiser frog, 'but buppose the watei did run dry, how the deuce would we over be ab5o to got out again '' The healings of tho frogs observation lie in the application of it to the question ot Fedoiatioa to-dav, for although it is easj enough to flop into the pit the; Premier: has. found, the hopping but. , ot it in a time of danp-ci would be an ev trcmely difficult mattci indeed Not long ago one of oui most respected Cathoile cities men coiuil'td the idea ot giving a poitlon of ''the fumed Fathex Kueipp's celebrated 'wet girs ' cmo tor lheumatlsm u t'lal, and so he started olr at 6 a m foi a paddock about a mile av. &r; fiom his prcsbyteiy Iho hour being early aud the subuib a quiet oue.'-Fathei F wore a caielcss costume, pait of which consisted of a pan of well-woin carpet slippersi His tavoiltu dog accompanied him, and when tho'' paddock ': was reached -the. good' priest pulled-pff-his slippers and socks, laid them near.tho fence, andi proceeded to walk over the wet g,ass in his ba. 0 feet Heating a noise' -/behind' -liiini after, ho had travelled soire considerable distance he turned mound, nnd saw his good dog bravely de Fending his n. asters foot-geat dom the at tack of half a dozen mongrels Before Ta mer l'vcouiurusu, 10 mo rescue, nowever, the sacrilegious dogs had ieefed hlj socks into tags aud then two oE the dingoes seized a slipper each and went scooting oil wlthi them, at- n.paco that soon carried, them 'over the hills and fill av ay' Tho eoti sequenco was that the pool priest hod to .' tramp about two m.lcs back 111 his bara ' feet, and the amount of old sardine tins, broken bottlca,. irou hoops and the lllte that he stiuck with his toes ou h\\\ rot irn trip would 111 I the Town Hall uiid the grcate* pait of the Npw Markets ns well .... j. ., Speakirg of the clorgv lcirmds me tha* befoie Iho Zulu wai bioke out a miestcTiary v\ as sent along to Ui and lestoro pea-r and coufidenco amonq the niggers This -Vrorthy man led off bj telling Cetewavo that if 110 remained obstinato, and so caused h. ivar, he would certainly go (.0 hell, aud ho inr theimoio explained that Sitan's bonflio^ v.oa such a big one that It could not bo put^out, even at the command ot Cetewajo 'Oh, that's all fool's talk,' 1 etui ned the Zulu autocrat 'Every lite can bu put out 'when -joiowayp gives .1110 oruer.. *und. backhand. I'll show 5011 how its done' Then he or dered tho biaves of his bodyguard to niaka a huge stack of wood nnd set It on Hie. That was done, and when the blu^o wjis at its fleieost, he gave the command 'Stamp it out' Instantly the teailess warriors iau iujamong the bln/lng trees and faggof.s and beat and trod them down with tholi buio hands and foot until the ilamea ivoiu com pletely extinguished 'There '' cued Ce tovvayo, with a highly-significant oniilo:' 'you see what Cetevvayo can do Now you oleai out as fpst as evei you pan, or I'll havo another file lighted, and jou '11 havo to put it out by join self ' Tho gjod mis sion.iiy stajed not upon tho older of golnc but he 'gaf In a stjle that raided elouds of dust foi miles aiound Aro you a fisherman, and do you want to enow wheie to go to obtain good spoit? Then study the fishing notes in 'The Re feree. ' Boat-owners, hotel and accommo dation houso proprietors and others cater ng for the spbrt-sooking and holidaymak ing public, should advertise in 'The Re feree,' and should also koop , tho papes DO YOU KNOW - ' That you can got tho 'Sunday Times' Referee,' and 'Arrow'— the three of thorn -for ono quarter for tho trming outlay ot six shillings ; Office, York-sn-eot, Sydney 