A BIT OF OLD CAPETOWN. The more artistic of the old Dutch buildings of Capetown are not so nu merous that we can witness the pass ing of one of them without a regret. But they are passing one by, one, and the latest to go was one of the best of them, as unique a specimen of fine ornate architecture as was to be found in South Africa. The building has just been demolished in order to make room for an extension of accommoda tion at the Normal College, and con sisted of a suite of old and old fashioned rooms outside the main building. The design, richly classi cal, bore a representation of Diana the huntress, with her bow and quiver and hounds, all figuring in clear re lief. Above this representation was a medallion head, which in its time had given rise to many conjectures; but the prominent and characteristic features led to the belief that the like ness was that of some member of the House of Orange. Latterly the build ing was surmounted by a belfry; but this was. of recent date, due to school associati ins and work, although it was designed to harmonise with the rest of the building. Little is known of the origin and the history- of the building so far as the times of the Dutch occupation of the Cape was concerned, but there is reason for the supposition that it stood apart from the other building, and formed a kind of arbor or "lust-huis", in the palmy days of the Dutch East India Com pany, surrounded as it was by gardens and fountains and fruit trees of every description. The main building, which now forms the boarding department of the Normal College is undoubtedly one of the oldest structures in the town. In the crude paintings of old Capetown the house figures promi nently, and tradition says that it served for a time at least as Govern ment House. It was certainly for many years the residence of a retired Indian officer, General Hopper, and a well-known resort for Anglo-Indians when on furlough. It is known, too, that Wellington spent in this house some, if not all, of his time ashore when on his way to and from Inc(ia. A respectable old building like this would not be complete without a ghost story. Ghost stories die hard, es pecially when connected with some notable or notorious personage. So even to-day legend has it that the piti less Governor Van Noodt perished within its walls terror-stricken at the curse of his own victim. The version is disputed by high authority, but the best authority cannot take away the firm belief of old residents of the vicinity that the house was a haun ted one, and that its vast cellars and its secret staircases afforded a fine walking ground for the old Governor. Needless to say, the crowd of young student boarders at the Noemal Col lege has effectually quieted the -super stition. The authorities of the col lege were naturally anxious to pre serve this excellent piece of old Dutch architecture, but the needs of a large school and the demands of modern school architecture rendered this impossibllŽ, and the structure went the way of many another interesting bit of old Capetown.-"Cape Argus." 