AN INDIAN GHOST STORY. Mr F. H. Skrihe tellb a strange story of what happened to him when engaged in census operations in the ' Jungipore', . district of Bengal. . He was' spending the night ab the guest of an indigo manufacturer and his wife,. both Frenoh. ,'1 was awakened in; the dead of. night/ says "the writer/ 'and' sat np, trembling with.the terror that comes once or twice in a lifetime from the approach of the unknowii. A child's voice came from without. In tones of agony ' it shrieked; 'Mamma! Ayah!' I sprang through the onen Frenoh window into the flower garden. All was still, except the thump of my heart aa I listened intently. It must have been a jackal, I thought ; but hark, again the wail rang oat — ' Mamma ! Ayah !' , This time there was no mistake as to the direction: The sounds oame from the indigo vats, an: appurtenance of ever factory. They are deep masonry, cisterns, in whioh. the green plant is immersed, in order to extract :the colouring matter.' I ran down the avenue, olimbed the party wall separating the row of vats, and peered into the dark recesses of eaoh. All were empty, save one filled with . olear water to Berve as a reservior for the garden; and it showed no sign of human life-Filled with creeping fear, I- turned and walked slowly towards- the house, over ground on whioh the feathery foliage of the- oasuarinqs seemed to be photographed by the moonlight. High above their mournful sough; there came again the childish screams. I ran haok to the vata, arid searohbd 'each in vain. Shall J alarm the house?' .1 asked myself. The feeling that, human interven tion was useless restrained me, and I- sought my bed, whereon I tossed till morning sun aieroed the Venetian blinds. ' It was very, ate, according to Aziglo-Indiatt ideas, ere I joined my entertainers at breakfast. - There was something in my appsarance Which showed that all 'had not gone well, lor I was pressed with .questions as to whether Lhad slept soundly. I'- admitted that -I had/not, _ ana began to tell the strange .eptaode' . .of - the ; . night. Before the -denouement : ; was,; ;; reached my hostess sank irom her ohair in a swoon. M. Gilbert, as he ran to her as sistance, oast" oh me a glanoe of menace and J reproaeh .1 shall never forget. With the help of the servants he oarried the poor . ; creature ..to an. adjoining bei»oni, leaving me in mute amazement at the effect of nay - plain, unvarnished tale. After ten minutes or s'o he returned, and striding; up tohae,. said, in a voice trembling with fury. Well, sir, what am.\ I to understand by this mys-. tification ?' What on earth do. you mean r ' Yes, sir, mystification ; arid permit nwV . observe that it is in exeorable taste. ; j: saying M. Gilbert brought his podgy nsj .. down on the table with a thump that maao r the hot- water dishes sound a_ carillon. Shifting my position to a point within reacn of the carving .knife, in view of aotive hos- tilities, I replied, ' Now, M. . Gilbert, per- ; haps you will- explain the meaning of ®aon _ language -to a guest.' There was Something ; in my manner whioh impressed the unhappy : : man. He grew calmer, and asked anxiouy | whether I had really ; heard tbe voioe in the dead of the night, and whether I ffid »ot . know the misfortune whioh had wrecked hie life, and : was breaking Ms wife's heart. assured Mm, on m; word of honour,, that A ' had heard his name for the first time on the previous day. 'Sir/ he replied after a : pause, 1 our little boy was drowned a year - ago in theBe vats.' / V/; 