NOTABLE BETS. - Tiie story of Fred Archer's one but , has been told before now. One day. while presiding over a hunt breakfast at Falmouth House, he noticed that a irttesL nil old friend, was looklmr uu- . usually glum. Archer called liim on one side to inquire ihe reason. For some . time the dowucast one asserted thai no thing was wrong; bui, on being pressed, lie at Jc-uglli confessed tlnn he was face io face with financial ruin. The great Jockey said JitlJc at the time. < inn after breakfast he handed his un happy friend a substantial cheque, say- ing. " Kindly get tiiat cashed, and put j the proceeds on so-and-so mention- : ing a horse he was to ride on the mor- i row. "Then put the whole of the win- : nings on so-and-so" — mentioning another of liis mounts. Both gee-gees were at Jong odds : but it shows the soundness of Archer'. -judgment 'that 1 borh did win— the latter liv a nerk. When the go-betweoii brought Archer . his winnings, expiwiing. doubtless, to receive some siuall eouuulssUm for his pains, the latter refused ui "take tlicni. "The money is yours, old fellow." iie remarked, quietly. "Yon know well that, personally. 1 never bet." The Hex. B. Gilbert, a well-kiioxvn Yorkshire olerie. nnide a pretty good tiling out of the only wager iu which he was ex'er tempted to indulge. Din ing niie day with Sir Mark Sykes. his host, in the course of a »onveisation on the lue/.nrd to which the life of Boua- pttrie was exposed, offered, nu receiv ing a hundred guineas, to pay a guinea a day as long as Napoleon should re main alive. Mr. Gilbert suddenly closed with the proposal, s.uit the hund red guineas to the baronet, and the lat ter continued to pay the clergyman the guinea a day for nearly three years. At tiie end of that period he declined to pay any longer, and litigation ensued, which resulted eventually in a compro mise. Altogether, howexcr. the astute priest recouped himself more than txvemyfold for his initial outlay. Captain Barclay, of walking fame, xvas another one- bet man. After win ning his famous wager of £iuni». bv ; covering a thousand miles in a thoiis- . and hours, ho resolutely refused to run I any further risks. Mr. Gladstone once offered to hark ids tree-fcIIiug capabilities against those of n Brighton doctor, and actually went to the trouble of personally selecting and measuring two suitable trees on the IJaxvarden estate. rnforiututtely. however, the man of medicine was unable to spare the time for the journey. As a matter of fact, there are hut few men. or woiuou either, for thut mailer, who have not been bitten by the gamb ling i'iia tiki at least onec. our griwions sovereign. Queen Victoria, not exclud ed. <>n almost the only occasion wheu she was present at a horse rare her Majesty wagered a dojr.cn pairs of gloves with The Prince Consort— and lost tliem. MRS. DOOLAN'S SYSTEM. Doohm took his wife "to the races, without an idea of tlie pecuuiary trag edy whlcli would ensue through liis kindly act. As Mrs. Doolau had never sveu a race, he thought the novelty wpuid be agreeable to her. i>elure he started with his wife for lie track DooXuu knew just which : horses were going to win. lie had their nauies, pedigrees, the distances they hked best, the various races tiicy ' had won, xveights carried, aud, iu short, : everything there was u> know about . theiu. "W hen Mrs. Doulau handed her iius- : band a sovereign, aud asked him to put it ou AJihca, for first, second, or . ilrad place, in the first race, Doolan was paralysed with astonishment, lie never thought Mrs. Doonui possessed any sporting blood, aud he handed the iimucy back and tried to treat it as a joke. "He hasn't u ghost of a eliauee to come iu eighth, my dear," lie said, kindly. Let me put it ou Kirkwood for you. He is going to win. I haw twenty on Kirkwood. it's a sure tiling.' it isn't any fun being at tuc races without beUmg, pouted Airs. Doolsm, "and 1 want Altbea. 1 knew a girl , at school whose name was Altbea, ami it's so unusuaX." Doolun laughed heartily, "All right," he said; "it's your fuueral ; buL if you lose, you lose, remember." Doolan went off laughing, and ihui.giii ii xvotid be a good juke ou his wife to play bookmaker for a day. Her horses were bound lo lose, juid it would be like getting money iu a letter. Then, if he had luck, lie'd give it hack to her when tliey got home. If he didn't, it would be a good lesson to her. He didn't half like her suddenly acquired gambling spirit. He put £o on Kirk wood, and. glancing at the betting, saw Altbea was 5 to 3 for places. He al- !ow<>d Mrs. Doolan's sovereign to jvsi peacefully in ids pocket, aud weut buck to wuci'c she sat, all excitement. " Which is my horse V she asked. " That old donkey xvjiltfcing round there ami spoiling tiie start. " raid Doo lan. with his eye on Kirkwood. " i iocs ho have lo come in three times to win V Is that what one, two. throe means V" asked Mrs. Doolan. "No. you're n bright spun. He has lo ' "How much do 1 win if lie comes first, second, or third interrupted Mrs. 1 >oolaii. . Kxa«tly five pounds, and your or iginal sovueign— id in all; but you fluvvh'i Buckley's vhaiu-e of getting ii." .lust then the borseBOttjqd.jLOd -Dno- lan kept the glass glued to his eyes. Mrs. Doolan. fancied she heard him swear, hut suddenly the horses swept up to the winning post in a cloud of , dust. Everyone shrieked, yelled, and pounded like mad, but Dooiuu saf down silent, j "Who won, dear V" asked his wife. " Blanked if I kuow, Kirkwood didn't. Jie ran like a goat." Then the names of the horses wont up. Mrs. Doolsui grasped her bus- band's anu. " Look ! look!" she said, "hook there— at Altbea JSure enough Althea was third. Dun- la u ground his teeth. Mrs. Doolau clapped her hands. "Oh. hurry," she said, hysterically, "and gel my i't>. They may find out it's a mistake !" " No such luck," raid Doolan imdei his breath. When Doolan came hack and gave her the 05 he had partly recovered bis' equanimity. " Got any more ol9f school mates in tiiis race V lie asked, with sarcasm, for he couldn't help ' feeling j sore as lie saw Airs. Doolan slmve the : money in lior pockefbook wfth tije of a gambler. Her eyes were shining . with an unholy fire. She took ten shillings from her purse. M want . this on Trumpm. ior first." she said. " Well, you'll lose. 1 have a tip on I'reiuarure, a stable tip. What makes you want Trumpet Have you an old schoolmate with that name, cli V" asked Mr. Dooiuu. " No ; I just shut my eves and put a pin through the programme right at the second race, and it pierced Trum pet. This lady ;ii tiie back rays there Is 35 to 1 against him, so X can win £7 lbs this time." ' Blauied if it isn't a great idetu AU righs I'll get you los on Trumpei," said Mr. Doohui with a smile. But he didn't, foolishly. He put tin money on i'rcinutiuv. and saw Trum pet beat him just on the h>si. After swearing for si while, and absorbing t\xo. whiskies, lie went up and gave Mrs. Doolan £.S. He said lie hud Won a lot oil l'rem.nuro for second place, which he hadn't, and asked his wife if she wouldn't like a sandwich. She had become very chummy will; the lady iu tbe seat behind her, and llicy said they xvouldn't miud lun cheon, which cost Doolan another 30s. on the strength of his alleged win on Premature. He tried to get Mrs. Doo lan -in pul up £5 on the next race, so that he might have a show of getting back some of his money, hut she wouldn't touch it. The next was the Ladies Stakes. "J want a i»ouiid on Lady Lindsay. It's the Ladies Stakes, and a lady ought to come near wiunlug it." she raid. If rac<s were run like a recipe in a eonkcry hook, yes," raid Doolan ; j "but you can't win a horse race like you can drive out cockroaches. Why don't you put up £10. and then retire i ou your winuings ?" Doolan watched her out of tiie corner of bis eve, but she wouldn't fall Into j the trap. Tin afraid I might lose," ; she said, sweetly. j Lady Lindsay won, and a cold sweat i broke out over Doolan as lie saw it If it kept up he would have to borrow.? train fares from his wife. He went and had two auore whiskies, and then paid over. His money was 'almost gone. " Suppose we go home," he suggest ed, with a hungry eye on Mrs. Doolan' s purse. "Oh! 1 must bet -on Trillion," she said. " I simply must." " Another winner, I suppose," Doolan remarked. "Take my advice and stop, young woman. This Ik the Grand i National Stakes, a very uncertain race. : Why— why I wouldn't bet ou it iny- | self." ; " But, look here," said Airs. Doolan, I " a trillion Is nine naughts." | "And a one usually," replied Doo- I Ion. I " Aud a oue— a won, certainly. Ha! ha !" " Uti ! ha I" echoed Doolan. "Well, here's my name. Houora Coombs Doolan. Here Is your name, ; James Wod xvurd Doolau. Now count ! the o's." " Niue," said Doolan. " Nine naughts are a trillion. I want 1 to hot a pound on Trillion for a wiu." < Doolau couldn't aiisxver. Tlie xvbfs- kk»s weve oegmmug to voucutec mm. ; But he knew one thing. Mrs. Doolau couldn't poS6ibly will again, so he clung to her sovereign, aud went and had i another driuk. Theu. he looked at the race, aud seemed to see a thousaud ! iJorses. A young man in front was ' jumping around like a madman, and ; shouting, " Come on ! Come on, there!" > " Wlmsh th madder V" asked Doo lau. "Who are iliosh Jliree hnrsh V . Dead heat, whashn't it V" " I'here's only oue . horse, yon chump!" yelled the young man, "aud I've xvnu £5bq on Din). Hurrah for " Trillion I" " What's In? start at 5" asked Doolan. " Five to one. Come and Jiuvo a drink. )>id you have anything on : him r . . "No; bat MjshvDooliUi bad him. Mish Doolau bash n system. Can pick wlnnersh to boat the bank. She's won £<> tliish time. 'J'hatsh the limit. She don't want to win more. Wonnerful system." -' "What is it 'i" " Why. id like thisli. She remem bers ole schoolmates, shame name, ye understand, and then sticks a pin in her. and counts uothiu' Houora Coombs Doolan- ihash five. James Wt.dward Doolan. timli four, dou'i it? Foui and- fivo— nim- naughts in Trillion. Siin- »lislj thing in world, ole iinni.' I'd like ye to meet iu.v wife. Sh(? win ove ixxenty io day. Have another." 