THE MINSTREL ENTERI'AIN MKNT AND BALL. In the evening a minstrel enterlain merit and ball in connection with the picnic were held in the Masonic Hall .it Uunbury and both passed off in a highly successful manner. For the ministrel entertain ment ; he building waB crowded lo ite utmost holding capacity, even standing room being unobtainable shortly after the cuitain rose for the first item. The programme was contributed by the Railway Minstrels who were assisted by a number »'f others. The minstrels, on this occasion, made their Jirot public appearance, mid it must be aaid that they acquitted themselves in a highly crei'itiihlo manner and creatcd a good imprrssion ait)in» the audience. Mr J J Bunting officiated as interlocutor and on tl.e ends of the orthodox Christv Miuetrel half-circle wera Messrs II Prince and D Titheridge as bones and MeBsrs J Clarke and W Ryan as tambos. Mr C Wilkinson opened with a pianoforte solo, after which the company submitted a chorus of nursery rhymes. Vocal boIob by Mrs J G Kent and Messrs tl Rigg, H Prince, D Titheridge, C G Emmett, W Ryan, W Oakley, J Clarke and T E Stone, a vocal duet by Messrs Bunting and Oakley, a cornet solo by Mr H Watson, and recitations by Miss Budgie Robinson and Mr Thos Worby, with a laughable sketch entitled " The Ghost Scene," just before the interval, followed, the innjonty of the items necessitating an encore. The " Ghost Scene," in which the parts were taken by Messrs H Prince, D Titheridge, W Ryan and J Clarke, was highly amusing and served .to put the audience in the best of humour. Altogether, the entertain tainment was a great success. At the conclusion of the minstrel entertainment Mrs W C Robinson, the wife of the Bunbury Station-master, presented to the successful competitors in the sports the prizes which they had won during the day, after which the hall was cleared and dancing indulged in by a large number of couples until an early hour this morning. Messrs E Duffield (piano), H Watson (cornet) and R J Crosbie (violin) supplied the music for the dancers, and Mr E Needham carried out the duties of M.C. 