Our Brisbane Letter. [PFaom Oua RPEOra COBBneBP?'NbT.] Monday, July 10. Ir our young people-and a few who oere no longer young--suffered from swelled head as a consequence of the great and glorionos victory on the football field last Saturday week, every vestige of the dineaseo should hove disoppeared by this time. The treatment has been, drastic but beyond dispute effective. First eame the defeat of our men by the " Welebhmen" last Saturday, then the report of those words of the Bee. -. Mullineuxn at Rockbomp:ntn. The frst was hard enough treatment, hut it was as down to the other-to be told that Rockbamp toe was the only place where the E?uglish foot bailers did not meet with "pointit(g." And what is " pointing ?" The reverend gentleman explains: "What I mean by pointing is the dirty little tricks from which we have suffered no much in the big eities." And seeing that Brisbane was the only city in which the Rev, Maulllneur's men were put through properly, " the bearing of the (eay. Mullineoux's) observe tion lies in the applhoation of it," to quote the immortal Bunsby : " Awast, then ; keep a bright lo3k out for'ard, and good lock to you." For it seems very necessary to keep a bright look out when such sensitive crities are about. Since the memorable contest for Carnarvon, the great elocutionist who deigned to contest the electorate with Mr. Foxton disappeared, no one knew whither, buot it was feared the Home BSecretary had knocked him "into the middle of next week." But when next week, and neit month, and several months after went by, and still no appearance of the popular magio lantern, the gravest apprehenaions were in dolged in. Now, however, it is seen to be all right. The Garnarvon contest, so far from doing harm, has been productive of the most gratifying good. It seems to have convinced Mr. Bentley that his place is not in politios. He has decided to go back to the footlights. Who will not rejoioe at the news? On the sitage Mr. Walter Bentley was always a favour ite, and deservedly so. His mistake was in thinking a good tragedian could blossom into a good legislator at will HBie brief experienoe at mararvon has shown him that other peopledo not think so, and he has sense enough left from his contact with Labourism to know that the popnlar opinion must prevail in politics as in histrionics. "All's well that ends well." Mr. Bentley has takea an engagement with WVilliamson and Musgrove, and appears at a Melbourne theatre presently. Mr. Nisbet, the lately-appointed Chief Meehanlcal Engineer for our railways, has atr rlved in Sydney, where, it is eqd, he will stay a ew days before coming on to Brisbane. Bult I happen to know that he will not be in Briebane many days before he will require to go back Sydneyward-to go as far as Mudgee, in fact, )n the most momentons and interesting busio ness that can engage the full-grown man. And when he neyt comes this way it will not be alone. This Mr. Nisebet is a brother of the rev. gentleman who has not very long been with Us, having received a call from Victoria last year and been indnoted into the pastorate of St, Pal's (Presbyterian) Church in thiscity. The ev. gentleman will aoompany his brother bsk to New South Wanles for the intereeting ceremaony. The ofielal opening of the ugho?agnden-Win ton BaIlway will take plaee in about a fortnight, and it is very likely that Mr Philp, the Trea sorer, will be at the functlon, and if so ardent a federalist as Mr. Philp goes North at suob a juncture, it is not likely he will hurry back im mediately. In fact, he said in his plaoe in Parliament that he would like to be with his oonstituents during the Interval beweens the elose of the federal sessieon and the taking of the referendum. Bat the dates ofoffoce inter pose. The Treasurer of this progreessive ec. munlty oannot always do what he lilkes. A. the same time, when he fids himself in the midst of his people (politically speaking) it will go hard it he esoannot fnd time to do a little tlumpingin the service of the c0use e has so mnob at heart. However, Mr. Philp has no present Inateantion of stying long in the North. The very snudden and unexpected death of Mr. Abraham Luya, junior msmber for Brif bane Booth, has neceseltated the first by eleotlon of the present Parlinment, and Mr. Speaker Morgan will presently be called upon to issue his first writ. For the seat there ie no dearth of oandidates. And representsa. tives of all parties in politite have put in an appearance with commendable prompitude. For the Governmeot there is, or were, Aldermn W. Jones and C. Fish, oivic colleagues of deceased, who was member of the Bouth Bric. bane Muniocipal Councsl, as well as of the Legislstiev Assembly, but the latter has retired In favour of the former, Alderman Jones, who t the endorsed hitieterialist candidate. On the other side, or sides, candidates are not lacking. There will be the Labour representa tive, Mr. Turley, as a matter of corse, and It will take a good man to beat him. It will be done, however, for Alderman Jones is that kind olf man. Then we are told that Mr. J. M. Crose, the former (old) Labour member for C1ermont, has been asked to stand "in the Opposetlon interest," whatever that may be, and has consented. The addendum weeas qute noneoeeary. He has not the ghost of a show, nevroertheless. But what is this "Opposition" in whose interests he sl going to stand ? Not the only recognised Opposition which is that of the Labour party-the Labour party, which ls now composed almost exlusively of Oct-and outers. It would appear that Mr. Croos musi be going to stand in the interests of the Bemnant of the once Opposition, now known as the Drakeites. The way in which this dis ,redited faction of a faotor keeps up heart is wonderful. I don't know how Mr. Jonve is going to pose in regard to federation, which being a perfeotly open question, he can treat as he lkes. There can be little doubt about the general attitude of the South Briebansueites 0 this question. They aredistlnctly anti-federal. Both the Opposition oandidates, that is bfo',rr,. Tourley and Cross, are federalists, and the worst of it eis, they can't well get out of it. II they ooold it would be helpful to their candidature. The revenne, whihob shaped so well up to the end of the flnoanoial year, last month, is still continuing in the same good way, and there o no present reason why it sebould not keep it up right through this financial year. Everythicg speaks of prosperity for Queensland - exe-pt federation, say the anti-feds. With referenoe to the testing of the Bo.es dredges, toooants of which are appearocg in the papers, everybody knows that our GOvrn ment have ordered two of the most powerful of these " tools" yet construct-dt--one, I believ., the most powerful, but it is not so well known that the Governmet, by c' lticking out," got these tools for oonsiderably less then the Inventor and patentee wanted. When Mr. Liodon Bates was h-re the agreement was made for the two dredges, conditional upon their fulfilling a guaranteed test. and, on the other aide, on the price of materials risin. or falling meantime. The tests were mcre than fulfilled, and the cost of materials u?ed in the constrootion of the dredges rose some 10 per cent. Of oourse, the conesroctor wanlted to add this to the price formerly agreed upon, but the Government demurred, with the result that the oonstruotor agreed to take an advance of 5 per cent. instead of 10, which makes no small difference. The grand fall of rain, which is appropriately followed by an equally drying wind, seems to have shaded off from a northerly directinen being light at that end ot the country and heavy at the oppolsite end. Ithought" Bouth. Port 6"11" good enough, but later records beat t. "Nerang 7"70," "Tallebhodgera 8 16" how is that for high? The most onsatisfactory feature in the returns to the absence of western names. It is true "Cuonoamulla 025" appears in the list, but that seems to be merely a freak of nature, it being the sole far western name represented. As regards the inquiry into the dispute be tween Mr. R. Bobertson, the Under-tecretary for Phblio Worke, and Mr. W, T. Jack, In epecter of Pablia Buildings, the second edition of the" l legraph" ha& the following :--The Peublio Serviee Board recently made a search itg inquiry into the eharges brought by .Mr. W. Taylor JackL, luaspeetor aof Work, against Mr. B. Robertson, Under-Beoretary of Publio Works. A considerable quantity of evidence was brought forward, but we are informed by the Minister for Works (fon. John Murray) that Mr. Jack's chscrges were not substantiated; that, on the contrary, they were completely refuted by the evidence. The Board made their report, containing certain recommenda tions to the Minister, who has concludcd that Mr. Robertson is in no way to blame, and that Mr. Jack shall be censured for his action. 