BEKhHARDT ON HAMLET. A DEFENCE OF HER INTER PRETATION. In answer to the storm of oriticism that, has greeted her impersonation of Hamlet, Sarah Bernhardt has written the following letter to the London .' Daily Telegraph' :?— Dear Sir,- — I am unable to reply to all the criticisms which hove been made upon me, but there are, however, some which I should like to answer. I am reproached with being too sprightly, too ' mannish.' It would appear that in England one must pre sent Hamlet as a melancholy professor of Wittemberg, bnt I assume — because Shakespeare himself says so — that Ham let was a ' student of Wittemberg.' It is said that I do not play the tradition. But whore is the tradition ? Each actor has his own. I am re proached for having moulded my role ac cording to tbe sixteenth century. Quite so. Tho time of Hamlet isundoubtcdly the eleventh century, if the ferocity of tbe play io considered ; but its philo sophy is much more recent, and the train of thought is that of a man less savage and more polished, Then, again, Shakespeare speaks of cannons, of salvos of artillery, and uses a thou sand other technical words, which are of the sixteenth contury and not of the eleventh. I am reproached with not being suffi ciently astonished, not sufficiently dumb founded, when I see the ghost. But tlamlet ccmes expressly to see it ; he awaits it, and utters these words : ' I wi 1 speak to it, though-hell itself should gape and bid me hold my peace.' These are not the words of a weak or a languid person. When the ghost wants to take him aside, ho draws his sword against his friends, and threatens to kill them if they will not let him pass. That does not bespeak a feeble man. Hamlet dreams when be is alone, but in company he speaks — speaks to concoal his thoughts. ' I am reproached with not being polite enough with Polonins ; but Shakespeare makes Hamlet say all kinds of unpleas ant things to him. When Polonius says to him, .'My honorable lord. I will most humbly take my leave of you,' Hamlet replies, 'You enn not, sir, take from me anything that I will more willingly part with withal.' Really I do not know a more cutting or better merited reply. In the oratory scene I am reproached with going too near the king ; but if Hamlet wishes to kill the king, sureiy he must be close to him, And whon ha hears him pray words of repentance, he thinks that if be kills biin he will send him to heaven ; and he does not kill tbe king, not be cause he is vacillating and weak, but be cause he is firm and logical. He wishes to kill him in a state of sin, not of re pentance ; for he dosires to send him to 'Sell and not to heaven. Some wish to seo' in Haralet a womanish, hesitating, flighty mind. To me he seems a manly, resolute, bnt thoughtful being. As soon as Hamlet gathers what is In his father's mind, and learns of his mur der, ho forms the reaointinn tn nuonm. him ; but as he is the opposite of Othello — who acts first and thinks afterward ? Hamlet thinks before he aots, whi&h; is the sign of great strength and great power of mind. Hamlet loves Ophelhin ! He renounces bia love! He renounces study ! He renounces everything — in order to gain bis objeot. And he attains it. He kills the king while in tho blackest and most mortal sin ; but ho kills him only when he is absolutely euro. When ho is sent to England, he takes tho first opportunity of leaping alone into an enemy's vessel, and annonnoos big name that he may be madopriBoner, certain that he will be brought baok. He calmly.sonda Rosencrantz and Guilden fltorn to doatli. All this bespeaks a young, strong, and determined character-. ' fWhon' ho dreams, it is of his plan — of his_ vengeance.' If God bad not forbidden suicide, bo would bavo killed himself in dioguat of the worli. But sinco ho cannot kill himself, he will kill. . To conclude, sir, permit me to say that Shakespeare by his oblossal genius belongs to tho universe, and that a French, a Gorman, or a Russian brain bas the right to admiro and undorBtand him. . . Sabau Burniiardi'. London, June 10, 1899. 