JOHN DUNN AND THE DUKE. Who is there in this wide land of Australia who has not at some time or other hear of the lamented John Dunn 1 John Dunn, poor Jack Dunn, as his friends loved to call him, the very prince of comedians, the very king of good follows ! Who amongst theatre-goers has forgotten him 1 Who amongst his personal acquaintances can ever forget him, " his quips, his cranks, his flashes of merriment, that were wont to set the table in a roar a " Alas, poor Jack ! cut off in his career almost without warning, us he was going from his place of abode in Carlton to his business of rehearsal at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne How many of the good old stock actors have joined the great majority during a period that seems, as it were, only yesterday, since Daddy Rogers, old, Lambert, James Milne, Stuart O'Brien-. Why go on? their places know them no more. But of all perhaps none dwell in the fond memory like John Dunn. His portly figure, well set up, buttoned up closely in his black frock coat, spick, span, neat, trim, looking like nothing so much as a retired major in the Army, unless indeed it were a bishop, or at the very least a dean, or some other profoundly respectable dignitary of the Established Church with a fat salary, and an unquestionable judgment in port wine ; his jolly round face, his rosy clean-shaven girls beaming with fun and bonhommie, his eye twinkling with mischief, and ever on the look out for an unsuspecting victim of a." sell," and his hearty fat laugh which could not but infect all listeners with laughter likewise. Few there are amongst his friends, and they were legion, both professional and non - professional, but can recall some of his exquisitely droll sayings and queer anecdotes, of both of which he possessed an inexhaustible fund, and which it was his delight to pour forth in an apparently intermin able stream. Truly John telling funny stories was John in all his glory, and verily, I do believe, he used to say comical things even in his) sleep. But his greatest delight was to " hit upon affectation, impertinence, conceit, impudence, insolence, or vulgar assumption. The way he used to draw his unconscious victims out, and the artless and ingenuous manner in which he used to relate the wildest marvels, would keep those who knew what he was at in a simmer of pent-up enjoy- ment, while the denouement of these intensely practical jokes could not but produce roars of laughter, at which John would open his eyes and louie innocently surprised, as if wondering what on earth people were laughing at. Of the many good stories told of John Dunn, the one I am about to relate is, I think, one of the best, not so much from its point, perhaps, as from the stupendous magnificence of its mendacity, the luxuriance of its garniture, and the astounding manner in which the wildest rhodomontade Df improbability and absurdity wore woven into a tangible web. Thus it was. John was going from Melbourne to Hobart Town by one of the intercolonial steamers, and amongst his follow passengers were the colonel and a number of the officers of the regi- ment that had been ordered there. They were just out from England, did not know John, and as is usual with too many members of the new chum per sausion, were inclined to give themselves airs. Now, if there were one thing he hated more than another, it was this very new- chum assumption of superiority. He was a man of the world, one who could hold his own in any company, and who liked to be hail fellow-well-met with all kinds of people. Be he duke or so he dustman, be he bishop or so he bookmaker, he was all as one to John, so long as he behaved himself and didn't put on "frills." But some of these young military snobs, impressed with their own importance, and the vast gulf which lay between themselves and the common colonials, didn't see John's good fellowship from his point of view, and, if they didn't exactly snub the "poor actor fellah," they put on a little more "side" Then he liked or was used to. For the first day he put up with it, and said nothing. But the second, the spirit of mischief got hold of him, and he determined on having his revenge. On " said he to himself, "I'm not good enough for those unlocked young cubs, aren't I? AWI 1 see!" It was a bright day with a calm sea, dinner was just over, and the passengers were sitting over their wine, crack- ing their walnuts and chatting. The officers were telling the usual intermin- able mess stories about Smith of ours, Jones of the 77th, Brown, of the Artillery. Robinson of the 21st, and the like to the total exclusion, not to say extinction, of John. Suddenly, in a lull in the conversation, he called out from the bottom of the table, where he was sitting in week obscurity, to the captain of the vessel one of the Macleans, I believe it was " Oh, by the way, captain, what these gentlemen are talking about reminds me did I ever tell you about myself and Arthur," "Arthur," repeated the captain, " what Arthur ? " " What Arthur ! Why Arthur-the Arthur there's only one Arthur-my Arthur - your Arthur - everybody's Arthur." " I'm afraid I don't quite know whom you mean, Jack," said the captain, dubiously. " " God bless my soul, I mean Arthur Arthur Wellesley the Duke Welling ton, you know." " Oh in replied the captain, smelling a joke -"No. Jack, I don't think you ever did. Whatisibj" There was a dead silence at the table. Even the colonel paused with his glass half-way to his lips, as John replied, gravely shaking his head, "Oh, a little incident ; nothing much. Arthur and I wore old cronies,, you know." " Oh yes, Jack, I know the duke was very fond of you." "Fond! why he and I were sworn brothers, a regular case of Damon and Pythias, I saved his life in Spain, you know." , J. It need not be said that by this time the eyes of every person at the table was centred on John, and without the ghost of a smile he proceeded : "Oh, simply enough. He and I were walking outside the lines one day at Leziica, asking one another riddles. Arthur was always very fond of riddles. Used to make em up in after years, and send 'em to the Family Herald and Hei/twMs's Miscellany. Well, party of French skirmishers saw us, and gave us chase ; Arthur sprained his ankle, and so I took him pick-a-back, and ran with him a mile and a half I I got shot in my-well, never _ mind-my rear. Arthur never forgot it. Wrote a most affecting Acrostic on the affair the next day, and sent it home in his despatches for insertion in 7sec Times, but the Earl of Liverpool wouldn't allow it. Said he could stand a good deal, but he'd be hanged if he'd allow his general officers to descend so low as to write for papers. However, as I was saying about Waterloo-but," he interrupted himself innocently, " perhaps these gentlemen don't care about hearing the story ? " Oh yes, go on pray go on," resounded from all parts of the saloon, and John, feeling himself master of the situation, did go on "Well, gentlemen, it arose out of a bet in this way. You see I was at the Duchess of Richmond's ball at Brussels the night before the battle, and was dancing with somebody, the Countess of Uxbridge I think it was, when Arthur came behind me and touched moon the elbow. The quadrille was just over, and I followed him into an ante-room. Jack, old cockrum,' he said, 'I'm in a blue funk!' Oh, nonsense, Arthur, says [ ; ' funk ! what, you ! I'll tell you what it is, old chap ; if anyone else had said that I'd have knocked him down.' 'It's true, he replied sadly, shaking his head, 1 What's the matter V I asked, 'Jack,' he said I'm in a mess a deuce of a mess, and I don't see my way out of it. I want your advice. With that he showed me the whole plan of the battle. I'm not a military man myself, gentlemen, but I had studied such matters hundreds of times with Arthur, and I saw the weak point at once. I thought over the position for a few seconds, and their Arthur said Well, what do you think of it, Jack ? looks fishy, doesn't it?' I pointed to a hill on the map, and said There, mass your men there, and keep em there mind you don't get outflanked on this side, but keep your men on the crown of that hill-if you lose that you're a goner ! ' Now, gentlemen) I'm a modest man, as you may observe, and I don't mean to say that 1 won Waterloo, but I do say this, that, but for my advice, and his acting on it, things might have been very different to what they turned out might have been, I say, Arthur wouldn't hear of my going with him into action. No, Jack, he said if I full, or if I lose this game, I want one faithful friend to carry my last words to England. Remain here, and I'll send you the news .wkekhpr Waterloo is won or lost.' I begged hard to go with him, but he wouldn't have it. Well, gentlemen, you all know the result of that greatest of battles. "But all this is hardly my story. Years after, when I was doing my Jim Grow business in London, I was playing a quiet game of pool at White's, with the Earl of Macclesfield, Lord Lucan, young Alf. Paget, Old Dot and Carry One; that's what we used to call the Marquis of Anglesey, you know, the Duke of Clarence, and a lot of other fellows, when we all got talking about Waterloo. Somebody, Colonel MacDonald I think it was, said that after the last charge of the Buoimparie's cuirassiers and Polish lancers, Arthur called out 'Up guards and at 'em.' Lord Souiersetsuiu hodidn't. Cavendish said he did, until" they got to high words about it. Then they appealed to me, but as I Wasn't there, I couldn't tell them. At last they better tripe and onions and bottled stout for the crowd, and I was deputed to go to Hyde Park corner and ask Arthur. Well, I jumped into the Marquis of Exeter's cab, and away I went. The porter at Apsley House, that old follow with the scarlet waistcoat that Arthur used to call Cock Robin, know me well enough, so he sent in to see whether the Duke was engaged. I didn't think he would be, for bed asked me to drop in during the day, the night before, at the theatre. By the way, he'd been on the stage that night, I remember, made up for some supernumerary part. He was a very fond of marks of that kind, and one day, for a wager, walked from Temple Bar, past the Horse Guards, though St. James' Park, and along the Mall, made up as a chimney sweep. However, the servant said his grace was engaged, but I would I walk into the library ! There he was sure enough, with Bobby Peel, the Duke of Devonshire, the Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Bishop of London. Hallo, Jack,' said he sit ? down and have some whiskey. Help yourself, old sonny, and pass the bottle. What's up, Jack V I suggested that he had better see me privately, but he said Hang it, no, let's hear what's the matter ; some lark, a bet,' and he winked knowingly at the Bishop. Well, I told him about the wager, and asked for an answer. His reply was just like him he jumped up, kicked the cat, threw his accordion he was a great player on the concertina threw his accordion at the clock, and roared out : ' Look here, Jack, you tell Cavendish and Macdonald that they're a pair of confounded idiots, and that I never uttered such infernal rose in my life !' ' And so,' said John, looking round triumphantly, ' I think that settles that question.' " There was a pause, and an awful silence, and the officers, from the colonel down to the youngest ensign, stared at one another and at John with awe and amazement. What manner of man was this who, so to speak, had slapped the high and mighty "Iron Duke " on the back, and who had hob- robbed with peers and prelates as if they had been Turn Noakes and Jack Styles? Then the colonel ventured to ask him to join him in a glass of wine. And there were no more frills put on that voyage, you may bet. But, after all, it is questionable if the sequel were not still more amusing. Walking a few days afterwards along Macquarie street, Hobart Town, who should the veracious John meet but the colonel. Up went John's hand in salute en militaire, and he was passing on. But the colonel stopped, saying, Ahern, aw, aw, Mr. Dunn, I beg your pardon, I'm sure you'll excuse me, but did I understand you to say that his Grace the Duke of Wellington, aw, really did use the, aw, precise language you repeated the other day," John beamed a genial smile at the other's mystified expression of countenance, as he replied confidentially, "To tell the candid truth, colonel, since you put it to me in that way, I must inform you that I never saw the Duke of Wellington in my life." From Velvet and Rays, I by R. P. Whitworth, 