BREAKING IN A BOOK AGENT. ' I am afraid that I once spoiled a good book agent,' said the head member of a book agency. ' We had got ont an expensive religious book and had ad vertised for agents to handle it. Among the numerous applicants was a tall, lanky youth. I asked him if he thought he could sell books, and he said that he reckoned he could.' ' Very well,' said I, * I'll see what you can do. Take this book and consider that I am your intended viotim. The price of the book runs from 2dola. to 4dols., bat you must always endeavour to «all . the higheBt-priced edition, although Vt is no disgrace if you only succeed in selling the cheaper kind. If yon sucoeed in selling me a book I will hire you. - Now, go ahead.' He took the book, fumbled it very awkwardly, and then stammered : ' Yer don't wanter buy a book, do yer, mister?' I smilingly answered that I did not. ' Better bny one,' said ho ; ' I'll sell it ter yer pretty cheap.' 1 Get out of here I' I yelled, pretending to be mad. ' Don't yon see that sign, ' Book Agents not Wanted V ' ' I'll let yer hev one fer 4dols., mister, seein' it's ye,' said he, taking off his coat and throwing it on the floor. ' I'm afraid ? ' I began. ' Four dollars, miater, an' cheap at the price,' he added, as he rolled np his shirt sleeveB. .1 didn't like the looks of all theee warlike proceedings, and declared the test off. But he refused and gave me three minutes to ' dig up ' the prioe of the book. While I was trying to make the fellow understand that the joke had gone far enough he jumped at me. 1 didn't stand the ghost of a show with the hnsky youth, and I soon found myself on the floor, with the would-be book agent sitting upon me, saying something about a book he would sell me * powerfnlly cheap.' To save toy life I relunotantly con sented to take one of the 2dol. kind. Ha «aid he was sorrv. but he onlv sold the 4do1. kind. He allowed me td get one hand loose, and I produced 4dols., whereupon he released me, and wanted to know how soon he could get to work. I kept my word and hired him, sent him as far west as I could, and then dieohsrged him by wire. 