Gossip. A lady wrote to me once to ask how it was that the moon would tell her ago when she was young. This lady said that if you looked at thu moon in a mirror, you could nee throe or four mooiiB, according to the age of the lunar lady. I replied, aa near as I remember, thnt the moon, being a lady, wasn't likely to tell her age, because the dUxii tinnrvtnsl in mn t ft hf- llt.tp.rlv illinrO bable. It belonged to the time when men thought that the old moon was cut up to make sturs. To my surprise this lady wrote back nn-1 regr. tt.-.l my scepticism, be cause she had often tried it, and it worked out all right. As I hud considerable repcet for that lady, I went out and tried it will) a hand minor, but got no results. There was one little crescent moon in the sky, and there was (me little crescent moon in the mirror, and to 1 sang, as 1 smiled — ' I see the moon, and the moon sees me, God bless the moon and God bless me.' In reply to the lady then I made frivolous remarks about the kind of mirror you ought to use, or thu brand of whisky you ' ought to diink, for I'm a bit frivolous. Our mirror was a lievil-edged expensive affair, but I admitted that you might see several moons in a cheap glass. Thai; just shows how silly eomc men are, and puffed up with thoir own conceit. It never struck me that there might be something in it, and I scoffed at the idea just as the anti-Oalileos sneered at the idea of the world being round. 1 would have forgotten ull about it but for the fuct of receiving another letter from another lady in a totally different district. She said that her children used to lie on the. grass, when the moon was new, and look a*, it in a mirror, und they always pot the anBwcr, though sometimes it was difficult. That set me to thinking. I replied to her in a frivolous way, but I kipt the story hidden in my heart, waiting for a chance to find out what it meant. You can take thin as a certain fact. Whenever you find a widespread belief in the world, you'll find a basis for it, an underlying reason. No belief ever hprcads fur or sinks deep, unices it meets a real want in the human heart, or answers a wide-spread question. In every far-reaching belief there is a baeis of truth. When one woman said that the new moon will tell its ago to a mirror, I smiled, when two women said so I still smiled, but I won dered also. You know what the moon is, don't you 'i It's a dead world, a flag, a cinder, drifting through the sky without its crew of fools — at least, that's what old Oliver Wenilcl Holmes says it is. It is an airless, water less, Boundless, lifeless little world _ that circles round our earth, as our earth circles round the sun, as our sun circles round another centre, and, it maybe, as that circles round another centre, and that fur off, central centre may be the force which moves to rinhteousncss, which tho sons of men call God. The moment you step beyond the realniB of our own solar system you're lost, but within certain limits we think wo know w. good deal about our own little— world machinery. We don't, of oourse, for it is true, as Spencer says, ' The simplest phenomena in their ultimate essence are unknowable : ' yet it's good to believe in something, for, as Colonel John Hay says, it's strange — ' How unbelief still misses The best of beings' blisses.' You can believe this. The moon is a dead world, that circles round our earth at a distance of, Bay, 210,000 miles. When a mother, who lives in the bush, takes hor little children out into the gardcu, and turns a mirror up to the young, new moon, and asks the moon to tell its age, you wonder at things, don't you? Tho moon makes a circuit round our earth in 23 days. The earth makes a circuit round the sun in 365 days and ii few hours. The sun makes a circuit round some unknown point in a few thousand, or a few million,) ears. When the moon is between us and the sun we can't see it, unless it is in a line with the sun, then we have an eclipse, but that is rare. We say that when the moon is between us and the sun we cannot soe it. When the moon ia two dayB past the sun we catch a glimpse of the illuminated pat in the shape of u or. scent, All tho moon is there, of course, but we only sei! a tiny, illuminated piece. Kucli night, when the sun sets, wo tee more and more of the moon, until it rciiclien the opposite sidis of the earth, and the moon is ' rising' when the sun is ?' setting,' then the whole Invar hemisphere is illuminated, and we Miy, ?' It is full mnon.' lint the moon lias no quarters, no fullrt, nor neWB i pally. ft'B always going r.nin I just the sumo way. It is a dead, c Id passionless slag, and it- has no age. lluw c.in the moon tell its u»e V That is only an invention of the em th people, pout little mites ! Two ladies s.iy that the moon will tell her ace when bhe's young. All ti.ht; I want to find th» basis of that belief. One night a young medical student can i- to ( ine with'us, un.l afier dinner J proposed t li ? -|iic8tioa as to tho minor ot the miuin. Now this young fellow is only in his thinly, at .it the college, and you don't op.; t much from such a ynuiii; mm. Hut Huh ynuiu: man is ti ohiim of his fnthei's, aiid his lather is a hard-head, d Scotchman. s -non as ever 1 had Mated the ?quwUm he ??might sight of tin'. p»int» n» if by insrmu^. and ho said, 'Now, lei's figure Unit out., lie didn't seem to think it was a s lly question at till. ? His theory appcuwl to !-.; I hat if two woiiimi in Uo remote districts held a similar bli.:f there must, bu » te.i.-on lor it. l^itst, ho Kilned it out logically, on UielmaisoUhuhuvs of LtKl-t. Uu talk il iiliout the 'angle of incidence' and the ' angle of reflection,' and about refraction and things that gooerally spell distraction to most of as, and then I began to see around the corner. He said that the face of tho mirror gives you a reflection juat as a girl sees her figure in the plate-glass window of a shop as she is passing. The silvered back of the mirror would givo you another, that would be two. Then, if you held tbo glass at a certain angle, you would suiely fiud two other images on the gins*, owing to the operation of the very simple laws of reflec tion and the existence of tho two surfaces. I interrupted him by sajing 'Tho others will be very thin and ghostly,' and then I know all about it. Il bursl on me all of a sudden. When you arc looking through a tolescope you sometimes tee 'ghosts' of the planets, or of the moon itself, produced by the operations of theso laws. Kxactly ! Anrl if fmi ffiL'n n iiiirrfiv nnrl mewrn it. t*nil till for a good while, until you strike this ' angle of incidence ' or whatever you like to call it, you'll get '? ghosts ' of the young moon. You may find four ' ghosts,' and then you will say that the moon is four dayB old! That's why you cannot gut the old moon to toll its age. You can get tho 'ghosts' when thu moon is 14 days old, or three weeks old, but y- u'd only got two, or four, and that wouldn't be correct. The moon will tell you her age, when she is four days old, but not whin she is a fortnight old, see ? My young student-man argued tho thing out, just as his father would have done, and theu he said, 'If my arguments are correct, we should be able to tee tho ' ghosts ' of the lamp in the dining room.' i sent for that same mirror, but he couldn't get the angle. Then I jjota candle, and he wiebtled with that for a long time. Ho blow it out and saw the 'ghosts' of the red wick. That fixed the matter. Then he lightod the candle and showed us that it was tour days old ! Hut it wasn't ! It was a very old candle ! It was more likely four years old, but all he eouhl get was the four reflections. Is that clear to you gossips '! It is to me, and I'm satisfied that the moon will tell its age in a mirror when s-hc is very young, l'ut the way she docs il is very interoiting lo me. 