It 1h surprising how quickly Mm fed eral situation on tho Sydney side has resolved itself iulo a wltitrle issue, Uiat Involved in tbo oft-mudo declaration Uiat Sydney Rhoold 1>c tho federal capi tal. Early in tho nineties, when the new, nnd now likely to prove Huecosd- ful, movement In favor of toleration was Inaugurated In liiln elly, tlse mnn who took Initiative action wuh Mr W. Crooke (now In Tasmanln), then a pro minent member of the Praliran Ilniueli , of the A.N.A. Ami he opened by Hay ing, "Let uh agree at emeu to Syduey lus- Ing the federal capital, then federation is Hure." With such accuracy did lie gauge public feeling uorth of the Mur ray. Short of ho complete a surrender ;ih that Is the pact miule by Uio Pre miers, but, let It never to forgotten, the agreement is licit the capital Klutll he found hi New SouLh Wales. No oilier colony Is left tlie ghost of a show of getting It. Under these elrcuiiislunces it comes witli a curiously iU-grace from the Sydneysldera this opposition to Mel- tourne being favored to tho very modest extent Implied by muklug Is the mint ing place of the Kederul Parliament, landing Uio choice of the capital and the erection of suitable lajlhllngs. If there Is anything likely to arouse Vic toria's anger at Utis stage It Is Uie ex hibition of utterly shameless Hcllishucss Uiut Is being made by some public men In New South Wales. An Interview with Mr Lyric, one of the Convention delegates, and, prior to the advent of Mr IJnrtou, leader of the Ojh posUlon in New .South Wales, Is pul>- lislmd to-day. "I uLso object," says Mr Lyue, "to the 100 miles limit. I do not say Unit Sydney Hhoulil become Uie federal capital, but 1 do say Uiut to put In Uuit restriction looks very like penal ising Byduoy." For downright Impn- deuce, Uds would Ikj hard to beat. That Melbourne, IhiUurut, and the rest of Vic toria, and also South Austmlhi, Queens land, Tiuuiiiuihi, and Western Australia are "penalised" gives Mr Lytio not the least concern. The enormity of tho penalising process docs not occur to him until It Is applied to .Sydney- .Then he WU|,n iiu uruu unu uui mi »»<«. >> niun win) Is asked to "coucedo" a tre mendous thing. It would seem, however, that the men of this stamp— and it docs not reflect credit upon New South Wales th.it do many of Uiein are manifesting thcmsclvftt— will not make Uielr astontsb- lug misgivings reasons for opiKislng the acceptance of tlie compromise us It stands. Indeed, It Is satisfactory to note, that the- general tendency Is tho oUier way. ' . Now, 'touching the prollt lx> to gained by Melbourne under the" arrangement made. We simply got this: Until .the Federal Parliament determines where Uio cupttnJ is to be, and secures uceoin- (Qodoli'ou for Itself, tho Parliament will meet here. "Hut," say the critics, "no time limit has lieen made, and Uie Par liament may for yearn refuso or neglect to d«dgnoto tho capital am) erect a lodg ing for Itself," By way of answer, so far, nobody seems to havo thought of aqytfcliw better tiiea theticb- that Blr Qcorge Turner, like the noble Brutus, is an honorable uuti May we with bated breuOj be fienuitlcd to Aiv that tliat goi-rf without Having'? To ailinn It Is as much Impertinence an to nay that the Pi>-hop of Melbourne can to trusted to toJleve in a Supreme Being. Certainly Sir George Turner in an honorable man, but paUtk-s liaven't come to such a pass in Victoria that we need to boast of thai fact. We take It as a ra alter of course. The Sydneysidcrs have been lew fortun ate, perhaps, with their political lradorv, and Uiey have grown abnonnally sus picious of the whole cenus. Thc-v do not realise what a grievous wrong they do to Uie public men, yes, and to the people, of this colony In presenting as a tore Iiossibillty the Idea that by moans of a despicable trickery Now South Wales will be deprived of the special right she acquires under the Premiers' agreement. If they did realise it, we fancy their tone would to different, and that If they still found Jt necessary to l»»k the gift horse in the mouUi they would manage It without such a prodigious tweaking of Uie animal's nose. .lust a wonl about the ouUook on this federal eapiuil qucstlou. It Is quia- j true that the Pact of Melbourne offers no i assurance Uiat the Federal Parliament ; will not sit at Melbourne toyouil a cer- i tain time than that which you exact from your iionorcti guest that l>o won t rise in the desid of night and make off with tlie shaving mug you liave placed In his bed room. But the first Australian Ministry will he expected to have a policy in re gard to the federal capital. It could not long hold office without making its policy clear and defiulte. Clearness and delluitencjs in Uiat policy imply the choice of a place and a rtateinent of the arrangements proposed to to made for housing Uie new Legislature. If the Parliament Is to be trusted to ultimately determine these things, may it not well to trusted to see that the Government of the day-even If It Include the Bight Uon. Sir George Turner!— will not shilly- shally on the subject'? But suppo-e that right honoruble jktsoii to give way to a fear ful temptation, anl wicketlly strive for a continuance to Melbourne of Uie unholy joy of entertaining the I/Cgi.slature cif Australia, wtot will that Legislature it self to about? It strikes us thru It will Insist upon the spirit of the constitution being made effective. In this case the voting strength of Victoria, supposing the whole of our Ueprcsentativcs and Sena tors to bo afflicted with an antagonising dishonesty, would, wlien pitted against the voting strength of all the other and more honest colonies, be not merely in effective, but ludicrously so. Barely, in deed, have human fears boon excited by so Utile as Uiut which has cattsetl certain public men In Now South Wales to make themselves ridiculous in the eyes of an astonished Australia. Before Wages Boards were created by Act of Parliament-, those who In tills city waged war against the sweater had formulated u scheme which in Uie condi tions then existing was intended to en able the purchasing public to discriminate in favor of fair employers. Tlie law of lilx-1 did not permit the puhlicaUou of a "black list," therefore Uie Idea favored was the alternative one of publishing the names of manufacturer)! whose establish- ments were so miumgeu umi uie conduc tors were worthy the patronage of the conscientious purchaser. The Wages Board system came anil obviated the need of that. Now the presumption Is that iu all Ixnditt in which txairils exist, at least Uie minimum rate of wages is paid. Those who are found evading pay ment get a had advertisement la the newspapers— after tho pollen court has finished with them! We sincerely .hope that tho purchasing public are availing themselves of the Information thus af forded and have learnt: (1) How to treat the law-breaker, (ff) 1 low to do bare Justice to the lamest employers menaced by lawless and un- fulr competition. It Is true that the products of u factory in which sweating goes on in defiance of the law will get Into Uie retail shops. It is for the purchaser to make iuqulries if he or she (more particularly she) Ls really an opiwnont of sweating and sweaters, ttud a professed love of "law and or der" consists of something more substan tial than a phrase to be spoken trippingly on public occasions. 