THE WEAPONS OF MYSTERY. CiiAl'THR XV.-BJ-XiTSXlSG SI-:AKCH. TO By JOSEPH HOCKING, Author of "All Men are Liars," Siory of Andrew iairfas.'' "The No sooner did 1 begin to feel freed from Voltaire's power than I begau to exert myself to find KaiTar, if, indeed, he were to be fouud. There was much iu my favour. 1 pusse^scd freedom; 1 had plenty of money; 1 had plenty of time. Oil the other hand, there was much against me. Was he alive? Were Voltaire's words true? Had 1 in my mesmeric condition yielded to bis will in such a desree as to kill the wily ligyptian and hutl him in the pond? Again, if he were alive, where was he? Who" could tell? Supposing he had gone to Egypt, how could I find him? Possibly be had z. thousand haunts unknown to me. I determined to go to Yorkshire, and soon found myself within the hospitable walls of Temple Hall. The house was very quiet, however, for which I was very glad. ] wanted to talk quietly with Tom: I wanted to investigate the whole matter. When I had finished telling Tom my story, he seemed perfectly astounded. "What, Justin!" he exclaimed, "<10 you mean to say that the villain used such means to get .Aou out of his road and win Miss Forrest for himself?" "1 felt he was unscrupulous when I first met him," 1 replied. "1 am sure he guessed my secret, and determined to get ine out of the wav by fair means or by foul." We talked long concerning th§ matter; wc- tried to recall all that had been_said and done: but, iu srpiie of all, we could not hit upon any plan of action. "Do you think she will marly "Voltaire," 1 said, after a short silence, "if I cannot find Kaffar or prove that he is alive?" "I ani sure she will, Justin. Xever did f meet with any one who has a higher sense of honour than she. I believe she would rather die than do a mean thing." And yet,"' I said, wearily, "I am almost certain I did not kill Kaffar. I can _ remember nothing distinctly, and yet I hava the consciousness that I never struck him a blow." "And I, too, am sure you did not do this, Justin," replied Tom. "I felt that lie was acting, in spite of the terrible evidence against you. Hut what is the use? If yon cannot find the Egyptian, he will marry Miss Forrest-, and after that—well, all seems hopeless." "It shall not be hopeless," I said. "If he is alive, he shall be found, and • I will bring hint back, and she shall see him." "Ah, yes; and that reminds me, Justin, she bade me toll you that she would be in her own home at Kensington until after the next new year." This made me joyful in spite of everything. She still had an interest in me; she still believed ine innocent. '"Bv the way. Tom," 1 said, after another short silence, "have you found out anythiug in relation to the ghost which iipiieared here during my visit?" "Nothing definite. Stay, I forgot. Pinion .Slowden said he had something particular to tell you when you came to Yorkshire again. I asked him the subject of this 'something particular,' and he said it was about the ghost. I tried to make hint explain further, but could not." ' "I'll see Simon at once," I said. "I cannot afford to let anything pass without examining it. Any little thing might give a clue to the mystery." I sought Simon in the stable-yard, and fcni'.d luui as grim and pi atonic- as ever. "Ijlad to see yer honour," said Simon, hastily. "I've made u:i my mind scores of times to write a letter, but I hev had sieli l>ad luck wi' letters, that I 'adn't the nei'Ssary quantity o' pluck, you know." "Bad luck with vour letters, Simon? How?" "Why, yer sec. yer honour, after the doctor "experimented on me by waccinatin' me agin' smallpox, cholera, and the measles, together wi' 'oopin' cough, and several baJby complaints as ev' a hiujurious effect upon people as 'ev cut their wisdo-iu teeth, you know, as I told yer houour that, I caught that 'ere werry disease of smallpox winch spiled my beauty for ever. Well, as I told yer months ago, I went to the 'ouse-maid for a mite o' comfort, and catches ; er a courtin' wi' the coachman. So I goes 'ome and 1 says I'll write 'er a letter as would charm a. dead duck in a saucepan. Jio I begins my letter this yer way—'My dearest dear,'" I says, "times es bad, and people he dad to catch anything; so I, thinkin' smallpox better than notliin', catched that. Forgive ine, and I'll never do so no more. I'm cry in' all the day, as though I got my liviu* wi' skiunin' onions. Believe me, my dear, or my feelin's will be too much for me. They be lillin' me faster 1 can dispose of "em; and if you don't leave that "ere coachman and smile on me, I shall either go up like a balloon, or else there'll be a ease of combustion." I went on in that 'ere style, yer know, thinkin' she'd melt like a h'vster in a fryin'-pan b'lt she didn't: and the next tiling I hears wus that the coachman wur at the willagc nlehmise readin' my letter. Sijicc then I've guv up the tender passion and guv up wriiin" letters." "Well, you have had bad luck, Simon; but perhaps you'll be more fortunate next linte. 3'r. Temple Veli- mo vou have something to tell me about the ghost. What is it?" . .. "You aiu't a-seen that ere, hintidel willain since he went away from ere, Mr. Blake, have 'ee?" I sa-w him in Hyde Park one day. but •liove never spoken to him." "Well, I'm in a fog." -In a fog! How?" "Why, I can't understand a bit why tuat "ere frhost -wur a pot up.'* "You think it was got ur>,__lhen "Coi'tain of it, yer lionour." "Well 'tell us about it." "Well, bur, after you left all of a hurry like, wc had n hip party in the house, and all the servants 'ad to 'elp; and no sooner did I frit in thaL 'ere house that I be-rumed to put two and two together, .'md then I see a hindiwidual that I beftinned to think Avur mighty like that 'ere ghost." "And wlio was that?" "Why. that 'ere hancient virgin, ^Iiss Stairglcs." "Ah. what then? •'•Well, I heard somebody teliin" her as "ow you v.-ere gone to London, and I thought she looked mighty pleased. After Sinner, I see her eome out of thp drawin'- voom an' go away by he.rself, and I thought I'd v'atc-h. f~'he went up to her room, yer honour, and J got in a convenient place f or watehin' lier when she comes out. She weren't a minnit afore she were out, ^.ir. I'-lake, .'i-catryin' somethin' in her hands. She looks c-u'-iously "round, and then I see her make, straight for your bedroom door, and goes into your room. In a minnit more she comes out, with nothin' in her hands. So then I says to myself, 'She's deposited some o' her combustible matter in Mr. Blake's room-' . -It was a bold and dangerous thing to do, ver honour, but 1 goes into your room and looks around. Everything seems right. Then I looks and sees that the drawer of the wardrobe aint quite shut, so 1 takes a step forward and peeps in." "'And what did you see?"' "Whv. I see the trapping of that "ere ghost. "The shroud, knife, and all the rest on't." -'Well, Simon?" "W^ll, sur, I takes it to my shanty, and puts it ir. my own box to show you at "a convenient season,' as Moses said." "Is that all?" •'Not quite. The next niomiV I see her a-airin' her sweet self on the lawn, so I goes up to 'er familiar like, and 1 says, "Top o' the morniu', Miss Staggles.' "Who are you, man?' she says. ? *'As nice a" chap as you ever sec, 1 said, "though I am marked wi 'smallpox. But that ain't my fault, ma'am: it is oviu to the experimentin' o' a waccinatia' doctor.' ^ What do you want with me, man.' she said. "Why. ma'am,' I said. "I m young and simple, and I wur frightened wi' a ghost t'other night, and I thought as how you, bein' purty hancient, might assist me m fipdin' things out about it.' '•With that, sur, she looked oa! stranse. and T thinks I'm on the right track, and I savs again, 'That 'ere ghost wur well got up, mum. I've played a ghost myself in a theatre, aud I could never git up like you did the other night.' \- Ole get up as a ghost!' she screamed. Man. j r ou are mad.' " *K"ot so mad,' I says, '"seem* as ow I see you cany that "ere ghost's wardrobe, and put it in Mr. Blake's room last night.' She went ofi -srithout another word, yer honour, and the next thing I heard 'bout her was that she'd gone to London." "And why did you not tell Mr. Temple?"' "Well, Sir. Blake, he didn't kiiow anything 'bout her eveniu' rambles wi' that "ere hinfidel willain, and wasn't acquainted tvi' the things that you aud me hev talked about; besides, I thought as 'ow you wei the one that ought to know first of alL" I thought long over Simon's words, but could riot understand them. Why should Miss litaggles pose as a ghost, even at the instigation of Voltaire? There could be nothing gained by it, and yet I was sure that it was not without meaning. Somehow it was connected with Voltaire's scheme, of thct. I was sure; but at the time my mind was toe confused to see how. .So far, not one step bad been taken to prove whether Kaffar was dead or alive; jr.d, although 1 knew nothing of a detee-' tive's business, I did not like taking anyone into my confidence. I resolved to do all that was to be done myself. In spite of everything, 1 spent a pleasant evening at Temple Hall. We talked and laughed gaily, especially as Tom was preparing for his wedding with Miss Edith Gray, and when I told Mrs. Temple how Tom had popped the question on the landing at midnight, after the appearance of the famous hall ghost, the merriment knew no bounds. Tt was after midnight -when I retired to rest. 1-iit I could not sleep. I could nor help thinking about this great problem of my life. How could I find Kattar? liovr could J tell whether he -was alive or dead? After tossing about a long time, I hit upon a plan of action, and then my mind had some little rest. The next morning I bade good-bye to my friends, and started for the station. When I arrived all was quiet. Isot a. single passenger was there, while the two porters were lolling lazily around, enjoying the warmth of the bright May sun. I asked to see the station master. He -was not at the station. Then I made enquiries for the booking clerk, ivho presently made his appearance. I found that there was a train leaving about midnight, which travelled northward, one that had been running some years. "Were you at the booking office on the day after New Year's Day?" I asked. "Yes, sir," replied the clerk. "Do you remember a man coming for a ticket that night who struck you as peculiar?" "What, kind of a man, sir?" fjiiiigner. Small, dark, anl wiry, speaking with an accent something like this." 1 said, trying to imitate Kaffar. "Xo. sir, I don't remember such a person. There were only three passengers that nighi—1 remember it very well, because my brother was here with me—and thev were all Yorkshire." "This midnight train is a stopping train?" "Yes. sir. lit slops at everv station from Leed-." "How far is the nearest station in the Leeds direction"?'' "Seven miles, sir. The population is rather thin here, sir. It gets thicker the closer you get to Tjoeds." "And how far the other way?"' "Oiilv a matter of three miles northward, sir. There's a little -tillage there, sir, has sprung up because of Lord 's mansion, sir, and the Company has put tip a station." "And how far is the next station bevond that?" "A long way. sir. It's a junction where force pu tn catch the night express to L-sed?. It must be eight miles further on. The train is now due. sir. that goes there." '"'And it .stops at the next station?" "Ob yes, sir." I booked immediately for it, and in a few minutes arrived there. It wes, if possible, more quiet than the one from which I had just come; a more dreary place one could not well see. I soon found the man who had issued tickets on tlie nighi. I had mentioned. Did lie remember such a. passenger as I described? "Yes, sir," Vip said, I do remember such a chap; partly because he was the only passenger, and partly bcc-anse he looked so strange. He locked as if he'd been fighiin*, and yer lie was quite sob r r. He was a funny chap, sir; one as I shudd'n like much to do wi'." "And where did he book for?" "Dingledale Junction, sir." "Ami he would be able to catch a train from there?" "He woi;;--l have to wait a quarter of an hour for the express io Leeds," replied the man. "Anr! how long will it be before there's .-mother train to Dmgledaie Junction?" I asked anxiously. "Thrcti hours and a half, sir." This was nn awful blow to ne. To wait all this time at that roadside station was wtvry work, especially as I could cr> nothing. I found, however, that I could hire a horse and trap that would take me there in abniil two hours. I therefore closed with this offer, and shortly after drove away. I. 'felt sure I br.d made one step forward. K.iffar was alive. The blunt Yorkshiri-niaii's description of him tallied exactly with the real appearance of the Egyptian. Of course 1 was not sure, but this was strongly iu favour of his being alive. j There was something tangible for which i to work now, and my heart gr.--w lighter. Diugledale -fiint-Sion proved to be rather ja busy place. There were two platforms 111 It ho station, and a refreshment room. I i fciuisd so ihat Mr. Smith was actuailv rc- ),,,.,. se,it <yl there, in the shape of a small ; b,. v. a dozen novels, and a few newspapers, ; This, however, did not atigur so well for my enquiries. The officials here would not so likeiy to liot-icc any particular passenger. Still_ there was something in my favour. kaft'ar would iu any circumstances attract attention in a country place. His appearance was so remarkable, that any countryman would Mop for a second look at him. After a great many enquiries, I found \- that Kaffar, or a man strongly resembling him, had been there 011 the night in question, and had taken a ticket for Leeds. He had no luggage, and what made the porter . in attendance remember bim so vividly was j th? fact of Ins being angry when asked if , he had any luggage to be labelled. So far. then, r^v enqni'-ics were successful: so far I mi^ht congratulate myself 011 making ioi-wavI >teps. And yrl 1 was scarcely satisfied. 11 suemcd too plain. Would Kaffar have allowed himself to be followed in such a way? 1 was not sure. On the one hand, he was very cunning, and. on the- other, he know but little of the means of detecting people in England. I took the next train for Leeds, and there my success ended. 1 could find traces of him nowhere. This was sca.ri.-ely 1 o be wondered at. Leeds is great commercial \--ent r<\ where men of every nationality meet, and of course Kaffar would be allowed to p;iss unuoticed. Then I began to think what the l^eyptian would be likely to do, and after weighing the whole" matter in my mind T came to this cnijciusion— either he was in London with Voltaire, or he had gone back to ^ Egypt. The first was not likely. Ii" Kaffar were seen m London. Voltaire's plans would be unset, and I did not think my enemy would allow that. Of course he might have means of keeping 1.1m there in strict secrecy, or he might have a score of disguises to keep him from detection. Still, T thought the balance would be heaviest: on the side of his returning to Egypt. I naturally thought he would return to his native laud, because I had heard him sav he talked none of the l^uropean languages besides English and a smattering of Turkish. My next step, therefore, was to return to London, and t hen go to Dover, Calais, Newhaven, and Dieppe, to try to see whether Kaffar could be traced. At the same time, I deteimincd to have a watch set upon Voltaire, aud his every step dogged, so that, if he held any communication ith Kaffar, necers-iry steps might be taken to prove to Miss Forrest my innocence, and thus she might at once, be freed from the designs of the man she hated. Jvo sooner did I arrive in London, however, and took possesion of my easychair than I Knew Yoltaire wanted me to go to him, and I knew, too, that a month before I should have had to yield to the power he possessed. 1 need not say that T did not go. My will was now stronger than his. and by exercising that will I was able to resist him. Still, none but those who have been under such a spell can imagine what a struggle T had even then. God only gives ti.^ power to use, and He will not do for us v-'nat we can do for ourselves. For two long hours I felt this strange influence, and then it ceased. Evidently he bad failed in his design, and. for the time, at all events, had abandoned it. _?fext morning, when I was preparing to visit Scotland Yard, a servant came into my room bearing a card on a trav. 1 toot it and read. "Herod Voltaire." '"Show him up," I said to the servant. 