ROCKS THAT RING. A Pennsylvania paper describes some very curious rocks that cover several acres at Pottstown. They have a metal lic sound when struck with a hammer, and hence are called 'Ringing Rocks.' i/urrng, the first spring thunderstorms recently the night was quite dark. Persons passing, the rocks were startled to see a light bluish flame rise from the ground and spread over a space 10 orl2 yards square. This flame rose and fell after the manner of the North ern lights, sometimes entirely disap pearing and then flaming up again, lighting up the darkness around it They stood and watched this mysterious light from a distance, and then went close to- it to see what cause there was for it. Some old residents In that neighborhood said they had seen the strange lights on nights during violent storms. They explained that the rock's were so metallic in formation that they attracted all the electricity in the at mosphere for miles around, and through some natural cause the elec tricity became luminous, like , phos phorescent glow, that lit up like the Northern lights. To some, the fire looked like a flame rising up from the huge rocks, whose cavernous depths be low have never been explored. These metallic or ringing rocka look as if they had been dumped into a vast lake and thoroughly filled it, so that the water entirely disappeared. Small pebbles dropped through the crevices of the rocks can be heard dropping from ledge' to ledge until the sound is lost 50ft. below. On some of the sur faces imprints of human feet or feet of 'beasts or birds can be seen, as if they had passed over the rocks when they were soft enough to receive an impres sion and then hardened and retained them. There was a story that a ghost that emitted fire from its nostrils haunted the rocks, but scientific men declare that the rocks are so highly charged with magnetism that any elec tric disturbance will cause the glow. The Empress Frederick hag a special scrap book, in which she collects all the current anecdotes relating to members of the Prussian and English Royal fami lies. 