The Patriot's Bride. 0 I Give me back that royal dream My fancy wrought, When I have seen your sunny eyes Grow moist with thought, And fondly hoped, dear- Love, your heart from mine its spell naci oaugnt ; And laid me down to dream that dream divine, ' . But. true methought, Of how my life's lone; task would bo, to make yours blessdd as it ought. To learn to love sweet Nature more For your sweet sake, To watoh with you — dear friend, with you I Its wonders break j The sparkling Spring in bhah bright face to Bee Its mirror make — On summer morns to hoar the sweet birds Bing By linn and lake j And know your voice, your magia voice, could still a grander muaio wake I On some old shell-strewn rook to sit In Autumn eves, Where «ray Killiney oools the torrid air Hot Autumn weaves : Or by that Holy Well in mountain lone, Where Faith believes (Fain would I believe) its secret, darling wish True lovo aohioves. Yet, 0 ! its Saint was not more pure than sho to whom my fond heart cleaves, To see the dank mid- wintor night Pass like a noon, ' Sultry with thought from minds that teem'd, And glow'd like Juno : Whoreto would pass in soulp'd and pioturod train Art's magio boon j And Music thrill with many a haughty strain i And doar old tuno, Till hearts grow sad to hear the destined hour to part had oomo so soon, To wake tho old weird world that sleeps In Irish lore j Tho strains sweet foreign Sponsor sung By Mulla's shoro ; Doar Ourran's airy thoughts, like purple 1 birds ? rPlin,f. uhinn unrl nnar ? I Tone's fiery hopes, and all tho deathless vows That Grattan swore j Tho songs that onoo our own dear Davis sung— ah, mo I to sing no .more. To Bearah with mother-love tho gifts Our land oan bons'b— ; Soft IDrria'B isles, Noagh's wooded slopes, Glare's iron coast j Kildaro, whoso logions gray out1 bosom stir With fay and ghost j Gray Mourno, gronn Antrim, purple Glen malur— I Lono's fairy hoali } I , With raids to many a foreign land to loarn I to lovo doar Ireland most, I And all blioao proud old victor-fields I Wo thrill to name ; I . Whoso niomorlos are tho stars that light I Long nights of shame } I ; Tho Oairn, tho Dun, tho Rath, tho Towor, I ' bho Keop I That still proclaim I In o'hronialois of clay and stono, how true, I how doep, ? I Was lillrci's famo. I ,0 I wo shall boo them till, with her, that I dear, doar frioncl wo two have lovod tho I same, I Yob ah I how truer, tond'ror still I Mobhought did soom I That fioono of tranquil joy, that happy I home, I By Dodder's stream j ' The morning smile, that grew a fixdd star, With love-lit beam, The ringing laugh, lock'd hands, and all the far And Bhining stream . . Of daily love, that made our daily life diviner than a dream, For still to me, dear Friend, dear Love, Or both— dear Wife, Your image comes with serious thoughts, But tender, rife j No idle plaything to caress or chide In sort or strife ; But my best chosen friond, companion, guide, To walk through life, Link'd hand in hand, two equal, loving friends, true husband and true wife. Charles Gavan Duffy, . 