Sermon for Sunday. Head Stone of the Corner. By Late Rev. O. H. Spubqeon. Tlio atono wliiolitlio builders rofusi'tl is be come tbo bend stono of tbo corner. Tills is tlio Lord's doing; : it is marvellous in ouroyes. This is tho dnv which tlio Lord linthmndos wo will rejoice and ho jrtmt m i. Thee OLord. O Lord, I beseech Tboc, send now prosperity.— Psalm oxvlfi. 22-25. This psulm is applicable to Ohrist, and to Him it is referred in tho Now Testament several times , but probably from tho human poiut of view it was at first intended to cole-' brate the victory of some chosen man of God who, despite his Divine election, had boen re jected by bis couutrymen. Providence con ducted him to success, and lio magnified the Lord for it. 1\. First, wo luivo Christ rejected — 44 tho stouo which tho builders refused." The Lord Jesus came into this world at the fulness of time, when tho Mossisih was expccted by those devout men who waited for 'salvation in Israel. He camo born of parents descended from that royal house from which Messiah was pro phesied uh coining, anil Ho was born, in the very city which had boeu pointed out by seers of old. All details of His life in His early days corresponded with prophetic intimations, ami answered to the signs which the Lord had appointed. Thoro was nothing in which He did not exactly fit the symbols of the sanc tuary and tho personal types of history ; every thing which could speak cried with one voice, 44 Behold the Lamb of Gud !" Ho was clearly placed before the Jewish people as the stone which God wduld lay in Zion as tho foundation of thoir hopes, but thoy per sistently refused Him. It was not from want of ovidenco, for John came prophesying con cerning Him, and Ho was but tho last of u long list of prophets who hud all pointed to Him as the Anointed of the Lord; and yet Israel rejected Him. His own miracles and teaching wore moro than sufficient evidonco of His mission, but Israel would nono of Him. Ho was a stono evidently of God's quarrying .His extraordinary birth marked Iliin out ns differing from all tho rest of mankind , His inirpassmgexcellenceandmoralbeauiydeclarcd Him to be destined to tho highest position. His person displayed tho marvellous lovo and wisdom of God ; aud with half .au eye, if they had willed to see it, the Jews might havo per ceived that Ho was anointed to bo the corner- Blone of tiie spiritual temple ; but yet they refused Iliin. u Ho came unto His own. and His own received Him not." He came to those who lutd the oracles, but in this thing they set at nought tho oracle ; He came to those who had tlio law and tho prophets, but they were deaf to all holy testimony aud disowned Him. Alas for tho blindness of men's hearts! Oh, that they could have seen through thoir night of unbelief, and luivo been like Jacob, who, with a stoue for a pillow, hud a wondrous vision of heavenly hosts and a new revelation. Our Lord's rejection was rendered the moro romarkablo and tho marc sorrowful because He was rejected by tho builders, or leaders, of the nation. "The stouo which tho builders refused." It was not alone tho mob of Jerusalem that rejected Christ, but tho rulers led tho way. True, tho many cried, " Crucify Him ! " hut not till they were bribed by tho priests, tho clergy of tho day, by tho Sadducees, or sceptical men of science, .and by the Pharisees, or ritualistic professors. These were they who sat in Moses' seat, in whom tho people had confidence, and by their machinations tho people were led to reject tho corner-stone which tho Lord Himself had laid. Thus tho Ever-blessed was chased out of tho world by tho pride which scorns all excellence except its own. Nor was it pride alone, for that mother sin was .sur rounded with all other evils. They wanted to devour widows' houses in secret, and ho exposed them, they wanted to go on saying their long prayers and yet to persecute the righteous, and He unmasked them. Certain of them wanted to be freethinkers and yet to be thought orthodox, and He denounced them its hypocrites , they denied tho essential principles of revolution, but He came forth from -tho Father-' to " bear witness of God, and therefore they utterly abhorred Him. Their sin, as it could not associate with His holiness, raised a clamour against Him, and with cunning and ma lice they denounced, condemned, and Utterly rejected the stone which God hud up- pointed to be tho foundation and corner-stono of His new Jerusalem. Ah,my brethren,' you know what came of it. They throw that rhosen stone away, and when they had removed it away from their Babel-building they thought their troubles at an end, when, indeed, thoy had just begun". That stono was removed out of tho wuy, and yoti thqy stumbled upon it to thoir own destruction; ' How broken wero thoy at the awful siege of Jerusalem, when tbey and thoir city perished f Now, also, that stono bus been lifted up into heaven by tho mighty powor of -.God, and in tho fulness of timo- it will descend upon these" foolish - buildors with terrible effect ; for upon whomsoever it shall fall, it. will grind him to powder. Even whilo that stono was hero thoy fell upon it and wore broken ; but when Ho' comes a second time He will fall upon them, and woe unto them in that duy ! Let us not bo among tho company of the rejecters , let us not consort ' with those who cast doubts upon the Gospel of Jesus. 2\. Secondly, . wo have Christ exalted. 44 The stono which the buildors refused is become the head stone of the corner" — that is to say, at this momont Christ has tho chief place of honour in tho building of God. He is the head stono, for Ho is higher than the kings pf tho earth. He is higher than all the opposing powers of wisdom or of superstition, and Ho is the Head over all things to His churcli. Glory bo to His name! In tho midst of His people Ho is above all and over all. Wo worship Him with rapture. He is King of kings and Lord of ? lords, 44 for by Him were all things created that are iu heaven, and thut are iu earth, visiblo and invisible, whether they he thrones, or dominions, or principali ties, or powers ; till things were created by Him, and for Him." There is none liko Him among the sons of men , in all things Ho lias the pre-cminoiioe. Ho that was crucified i now enthroned . Ho that lay iu tho grave now reigneth in glory. Nor is He alone omiuont for His position of huuour, but for His surpassing usefulness. Ho is tho head stone of the corner, that stone which joins two walls together, und is the bond of tlio building. Jew aud Gentile are now one iu Christ Jesus. It is true He is a stono in Israel's wull, hut Ho is also a stone in tlio Gentiles wall ; in Him is neither Jew nor Goutilo distinctively, for thoy are both thoro inclurivoly. Ho bath made both one. The Pharisees would have it that the wall should finish within tho lino of Juduh'srace, but not so thought our .Muster. His heart went forth to the other sheep which He had that were not yot of the. fold. This mude them wrathful, but their wrath did not prevent His accomplishing His design, and now He is tho bond of tho building, hold- iug Jew and Gentile in firm unity. This precious corner-stono binds God and raau together in wondrous aunty, for He is both in one. He joins earth and hcuveu together, for Ho participates in each. Ho joius timo and eternity together, for Ho wus a Man of few yours, and yet Ho is tho Ancient of Days. , Wondrous corner-stone ! Thou dost bind nil of us together who arc ia Thee, that by love of Theo we are biiiHcd together for a temple of tho Holy Ghost. Thou art tho perfect bond, the eternal holdfast, the Divine cement which holds tho uuiverso iu ono. Is it not written, 44 By Him all things consist" ? Our Lord Jesus Christ, then, is brought up from all rejection and shame to which His enemies put Him to be by usefulness and by honour the grandest personage upon the face of the earth ; und all this nono the less, but all tho more, because lio was rejected. He lost nothing by His enemies. Thoy scourged His back, but they did uot rob Him of that imperial purple which now adorns Him , thoy crowned Him with thorns, but those thorns lmvo increased the brilliance of His diadem of light , they pierced His hands, aud thereby prepared them to sway an irresistibio sceptre of lovo over men's hearts, thoy nailed His feet, but those feet staud firm for ever upon tho throne of sovereignty ; thny crucified Hini, hut His crucifixion led Him to His greater honour, since Ho therein finished . the work which was given Him to do: and now also God hath highly exalted Hint, and given Him a name which is above every name. As it has bad), so is it, and so shall it be ; man's oppo sition to tho Gospel will not interfere with it one single whit, but tho eternal purposes of Jehovah shall be fulfilled. Our adversaries may mine and undermine, thoy may oponly opposo and secretly assail, but upon this rock, eveu upon Christ, shall tho truth nud the Church for ever rest, and no harm shall come to them. Tho Lord will lift tho stone which the builders refused, and make it to be come tho head stone of the corner, therefore let. us not fail nor be discouraged. Already our text ha9 been fulfilled. Our Lord Christ wus dead and buried, but His foes were desperately afraid that Ho would rise again. and so thoy rolled a stone to the tomb's mouth and sealed it; but Ho rose for ull that, aud became the first-fruits of thom thut slept, tho head stono of the resurrection. His rcsurroctioii' utterly defeated those who reckoned upon destroying His power. What could they ao against One whom dbatB itself could not silence? "When His resurrection attested His mission, what cbuld thoy say 'against -Him P Nor was this all, for to add to His honour Ho was received up into heaven. Beyond the eternal hills ho rose; tho gates of lieaven opening at His coming; and amidst the acclama tion of niigels and redeemed spirits He nsoended to tho .highest placo that heaven affords. What a change from Gabbatha and all tho maltreatment of tbe pavement, to tho sea of glass mingled with nro, and 'to the seat of Infinite Majesty! Jesus has gone from tho bar to tbo throne, and there Ho sittethln majesty. His adver saries may grind their teeth at Him, bat tho King is set upon tho holy hill of Zion beyond thoir wrath. 44 Why do tho heathen rage, and tho peoplo imagine a vain thing ? " Jesus is King, and noue can challenge His sovereignity. At Pentecost, too, this was fulfilled : for when His disciples were inspired by the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with tongues of fire, all Jerusalem rang with the wonder, and then agaxu the despised and rojected stono was inaao the head stone of the corner. Very speedily throughout the known world the testimony of His name was mude to sound forth, till His Word had gono forth as far us the sun's utmost track, aud all nations beheld tlio light thereof. Thon tho gods of the heathen tottered, and colossal systems of idolatry were ground to powder. Glory bo unto thoc, O Christ ! Thou didst triumph gloriously in those first ages of Thy Church ! That triumph is proceeding still. It will be consummated by und by. What confusion will take hold upon tho heurfs of His adversaries when He shall be' revealed ! Ho is hidden now, and His people with Hira, but the duy druweth nigh when He shall como a second time to be admired in all them that believe. Whnt astonishment will tben take hold upoti those who refused His righteous claims! Then will they know that this is the Lord's doiug, though it will bo terrible in their eyes. 3\. The exaltation of tho rejected Christ commences a new era. For what saith tho twenty-fourth verse? 44 This is tho day whioh tiie Lord hath made , we will rejoice and be glad in it." Wc date from our Lord's resurrection, eveu us the Jews of old counted from tho night wherein thoy went out of Egypt. What is this day which the Lord hath made ? I reply first, it is the day of tho Gospol. Through our Lord's exaltation, pardon for the guilty is freely preached umoug all nations, uud whosoovor believeth in Him hath everlasting life. Now is Christ exalted on high to give repontance unto Israel and remission of sins ; now is He iu the throne of power, that He may he able to save to tlio uttermost them tlmt come unto God by Him. Let us rejoice and bo glad in Him. How cau we rejoice aud bo glud in Him except by believing in Him ? Como, let us believo the Gospel, tho Gospel of tho once rejected but now exalted Saviour ; lor us put our trust in Him, and thou let us sing for joy of heart because we have a royal Saviour, an exalted Saviour, un almighty Saviour, iu whose hands our souls aro safo. 