THE SYDNEY SHEEP SHOW. OPENED TO DAY UNDER FAVOURABLE ClltCUM- STANCES. Sydney, Thursday. The Sydnoy Sheep Show waeielor- mally opened this morning. The weather war beautifully line, and the attendance was very fair. The exhibits are of excellent quality, end much satisfaction is expressed on all sides. MoreBain.— Yeslcnley afternoon light showers fell, anil steudy rain set in last night. The Rival!.—1 Tho late heavy rains have caused a big riso in the Murray, and yestonlay it was ruaning a banker. _ DENTisTnv. — Mr.Shsmuy.ilentiat, will visit Corown on Thursday next when he may bo consulted at the Globe Hotel. Couowa Deep Lead Gnus Mpiim and Paosi'ectinu Co.— Tlio raining manager, Mr. Thus, Urcn, reports under yesterday's dslo i— No. 1 shaft sunk 14ft. feet ; total depth, 260IT. OiiDEEt, Lows' Bali.— At a recont meet- ing(of the Loyal Bonier Lndgo it was decided to hold tho annual hall on Friday, July 28, and a very atroug committee han been formed to make tho affair success ful. Piggin and Co. will hold an important sale of sheep in their Corowa yanlson Wednesday next, when thoy will offur upwards of 10,000 store sheep, which will he sold ia lots to suit purchasers. -- r.- 1 , t i.tered adveiit1see3sts.— Atisn- t.on is directed to tlio altered business announcements of Messrs. L. Levy and Co., general merchants ; Mr. N. Ellas, drapor. clothier, etc. ; and Messrs. II. C. Richardson and Co., of tlio Corowa News Agency and Book Dopot. Davis' Australian Medical Co.— This company concluded a very success ful six nights' sots a in tho School of Arts on Wednesday night, when a Urge audience aasombleu, end the performauco vru quite up to its former proficioncy. The company proceeded to Mulwala yes terday. S. John's Church. — Tho meeting of Indies coaveoed for Tuesday hut to make arrangements in connection with a pro- posedn> Parish He-union, " was but poorly attended, and in consequeuco it wesdecidod to pod pone the meeting until this (Friday) afternoon, when-it is lioped there will he a much larger attendance. The Sheep Pelts Prize.— Wo under- imru inu > wrge nuiaoer 01 entries iiavo already been received for the prize offered for three abeep pelt, to bo shown at the next Corowa sliow. Those contemplating ending in entrice are reminded that tbo time for receiving same has been ex tended until Monday next, 3rd July. Drauatic.— The Corow atnateura are in active rehersl for their now produc-' tion, which will more than likely be staged on next land ballot night. Tho piece is entitled " Arabian Nights," which will bo precc led tor the curtuiu raiser, "Drifted Apart. The piece tie rtthUtuce is a well written three act furclcal comedy, giving ample scope for display of excellent his trionic abilities. The Corowa amateur will no doubt put thuir beat foot I'oromost in order to retain tholr wcll-oarned rcmi- tation in this direction. Cleakino 8alb at "Klleiwulks."— To-morrow Messrs. W. G. Crockett and Co. will conduct a clearing sale at " fillers- Slen " near Daysdsle, on account of In. Be Green, when they will submit to pubhe competition tbe whole "of the carefnUy-aelected stock of sheep, cattle and hornet, together with the whoto of the homestead furniture and effects. As Mr. Green intend leasing the property tbe auctioneer1 instruction are to sell everything to the highest bidder. The sale will commence, at 1 p.m . Death or Mb. Prospeu Sanpiial— Intflllmntt vt nvMivml :> rw.. Wednesday last that Mr. Prosper San- »« of Mr. P. P. Sandral, of Blaternwick, had snccoiubrd to an attack of Inflammation of the lung. The newa waa of a startling neture, because Mr. Bandral appeared in tho best of health when on n visit to Corowa only last week, It appears that he was actinq as returning officer at Mulwala on Refer endum Day, when he caught a severe cold, which necessitated his taking to bed. He partially recovered, but aufibred a relapse, wludi terminated fatally on Tuesday last. Dooeascd was 38 years of go, end lenyoa a wlfu end tliree eliildron to mourn their lose, Mr. Sumlral took a groat mtereat .in public affaire, ami hy liia death Mulwelt loses a sterling citizen. The Wooloonhaihia Murder.— The iRqulry into the Wooloougebba traselv was resumed on Wednesdey. The iii«Ii- col evideece showed Hist there were nine wounds on the head of the deceased, of which eight had penetrated the brain. A commission i agent, who negotiateil the sele or docesiBts property, reports that after the sale tho man Honour requested that the proceeds be handed to hiiu. Evidence W«WM gwro 10 show that deceased was of thoroughly temperate habits, Bonner havmg sworn that she was intemperate. Mrs. M'llrey deposed that deceased had spoken to her about making a new will, .rciA,,l,0.rt children were Inter- eated. The furnituro was to be divided between Mrs. Bonnor and tho witness. On 13th May deceuod drew £25 from the bank, remarking that oho would re- turn to town with Mrs. Bonaor next day to make purchases, The Ai'iitiumak Ei.kvkn.— Tlie Aus tralian Ktoven have secured a most de cided victory in their inntch against tlio Derbyshire. The county made 123 runs in their first innings. Australia responded with 633 Noblo 156, Trutnblo 100, and Darling 134 not out, being top scorer#. Derby mado 171 in thuir second inning", leaving our boys victors by an innings and 239 ruin, Supposed Infanticide.— Some boys while Htrolling in the scrub near Albury on Monday afternoon discovered tbo body of a newly-born tnalo child secreted under lllll IlllffllVi ) III; UUtiv vv An ITIVCini W4III some old-bagging, ami decomposition had set in. A magisterial inquiry was held, when medical ovidenco was tendered showing that owing to the advanced stage of decomposition, it wai impossible to sny whether the child had been lx>rn alive. The lungs hod not been full, showing that ft had not breathed fully- An open' vcr- tllutwas riconlpd. . Ci.eaitis'h Sale at Merton.— A rare chance for connossieiir# of engravings anil etchings - will be offered at the clearing sale at Merlon on Mondny next, when tbo whole of Mr. Grove's choice collection will be submitted for unreserved sate. Tliero is also a voluf.ble lot of high- closa fur . niture to l>c nluccd under the hammer, and the sale oircrs a splendid opportunity to any in search of good articles. Arrange- menU for tho sale Iiavo been made- to suit Intending buyers, the sate of tho stook commencing punctually nt 12 o'clock, and the furniture nt 2 o'clock. Luncheon will ho provided aud liberal terms declared at sale. Kumw in tub Murray.— In the beginning of tho week there was a rapid risu in tlio river at Albury nnd tho stream broko away from tlio banks in many ii sees, submerging all tho low- lying flats. The rile continued on Wednesday, and it Is reported that n large body of water lias stilt to como down the Mitta Mitta River ami Yackandandah Creek. Land owners ulomr tlie bsnks of the river Imvo lwcn com|)clcd to remove their stock, and in many' eases horses ami cattle have been isolated dn small islands. Tho survey camp at Bungowsnnsb has been flooded out, and work discontinued. Tbo flats between Bungowaunati anil Howlong, idong the nroposctl route of thu canal, aro covered with water, ami It will likely bo some timo beforo work is resumed. Entertainment at IFowroNu.—Tho Wahgunyali Magpie Minstrel# held a very .successful concert At Howlong on Wednesday evening last, when tlie School of Aria was packed willi on Appreciative audience. Tho programme submitted was tbe brat procurable and each item was very well received. Messrs. Son. Colo- man and Roil. Wilding officiated on the corners, and wec quite up-to-dute in all their work. The programme was mr fol lows:— Overture, Sweet Rosy O'Grady," company; "Goou-bye. my Honey," song nnd danco and clog dance by Mr. Son. uviviiibu , oviuwr anu a jiian ami "Romany -Lass," Mr. Noil .lamieson; "On Our Side," "Once iwit a Nipper." and " Touching Thorn up a Bit," Mr. Rod. Wilding: P Just Tell Them that you saw 1 Mo," /'The Spaniard Irishman," and (with Ml«s Parry) . "There'll Come n Timo," by Mr. Jno, Johnson :."Norino Morine," hy Mr. Alf. Clark, whicli was \ ono of tho gems, of the ovening; whilo Mr. oTsck Elder' was moat successful in his numbcr.1, "He's Got 'Km On" and "Wedding Bolls." Tho programmo con cluded with tho farco entitled "Tho Suburban Ghost," by member of tbo company. Cokowa Deep Lkau.— There waa a largo atteudauce of t'le special meeting of herehoblero on Wednesday when Mr. Wijliams request for a four months' option to float tho company into nn Eng lish Company was discussed. At tho outset it was evident thnt local share holders .wero averse to aoything of tho ' kind boiog granted although one gentlo- man from Cmltern (and- there were four from thnt quarter present) intimated that on bis side shareholders were becoming dissatisfied. There was n good deal of discussion, the loeal men failing to see any necessity for- altering their courso of action. Mr. Cock fAvniinw! (Im imm. tance of Mr. Williams' proposal, and moved a motion to this effect. It was badly defeated on show of hands, and n ballot was demanded, tbe result of which was 77 for and 107 against, or A majority of 30 Against the motion. Au extended report appears elsewhere. t The Okkthal Division Leases.— rBy the falling in of the Central Division leosos, which terminate in July. 1900, about 15,000,000, acre of land will como into the possession of tho Government. Of tliis land something, like 3,000,000, acres is- described as being of first-class quality, 2,000,009. acres is regarded as being second- class only, and tbe remainder is looked- upon as being inferior. Mr. Carruthers states that ne<is now; inun- dated, will) applications for tbo Issue of new leases, for thci: extension or for con cession , in, regard to them. With re- fercnce to tbo greater numbor. of -tlio applications no hope Is held out that any farther leases will bo issued. In othor cases, howover owing to tbe situation of the land, Alf rther causes, it is probable thnt theiclajms of the lessees will be fairly considered, as- this can be done without iMitf .iwa reatricting successful, settle- .ment on thasoil. The proeent intention of tho Minister is to remit tho considera tion of tho question to some body which can make ; investigations locally, and geooraUyteaquire into tho merits of. each case1.- In . . . j « The Ministry.-— There . baa been a thorough reorganisation of the Ministry, consemient hUImjo tho resignation of the Hon. J. IL Want,;Q.O of the office of Attorney-General. The changes made r >> ' . will be generally popular. Mr. Roid »' gives up the Trcasurorship and Mr. J. H. Carruthers takos his place, ihe former re taining the position of Prcmior, Attornoy- General. Minister of Defence and Minister for Railways, Mr. Young leaves tho. Works and fills tho position occupied by Mr. Oarrutliors as Minister for Lands. ' ip' 9' CP» tho popular Minister for Justico, is 'promoted Co be Minister for Works. Tlio portfolio of Minister for Justico has boon given to Mr, John Hunhes. M.L.O., who also acts «s Vice- President of the Exe- cutive Council. The present Ministry then is thus constituted : Premier and Attorney-Goneral, Mr.O. H. Held, P.O., Q.O.: Colonial Secretary, Mr. J. N. / Brunker ; Colonial Treasurer. Mr. J. H. Oarruthew ; Minister for lands. Mr. J. H. Young : Minister for WorkfTkr.,0. A. for Mines and Agriculture, Mr. J. Cook: Minister for . Public In- st ruction and Industry. Mr. J.A. Home : ftftiUlMt?rQ5acraI» Mr. V. Parkas ; Minister for Justice, Mr. John Hughes M.L.O ; VicflrProsident of the Executive Council, Jlr. John Hughes, M.L.O, 