THE SILVER UMIHC. . | Of course, when father died, Blaine: ' and I had to leave the house, and that was one o£ the bitterest troubles ihour lives. We did so lovetheadearold place. But it had to be, for -poor papa's successor Mas already appointed. It's a truth -that troubles never come singly. Here we had just lost the dearest of parents,we had to leave our lionie, andwe knew not what to do, or •where to go. One "thing, oi" rather two, alone were certain, that we must go, and also work for our own living, for when all the little outstanding debts were paid,tlie doc-1 tor for papa, and tli®: last sad: ceremonies, we had but ftvebty pounds in all J the world." : i; i; • 2 & .-: People who knew ^nothing about _ It eaid it was a shauie of papa; by which they meant—for he was the most generous of men—that charity should begin at home; but papa never could understand. "Sufficient for the day is the evil thereof," was his motto, and lie never «*ouUl keep his hand out of Ms pocket on lioaring Of a case of real'distress.'. Thus, for the living was but a small one, nothing was ever saved out of liis income. If anyone blamed him, we, his daugh ters, did not. Heaven bless him"; but one did blame him cruelly* the only re- lation we had in the world, his halfbrother, Ambrose Warne, a retired mer* chant, and wealthy, but miserly, crab-< 1>ed of disposition. He quarrelled with papa for his "extravagant benevolence," and when, during dear mammals last illness, papa, being in great straits, applied to him for help, lie refused dtrwn right, throwing, as the'sayiaig:is, his •"foolish charity" in his teeth. When papa died, of course we told Cnele Ambrose, who, in a brief, business-like letter, offered us assistance, as. •of course, using his own words, "our -father's Charity aiid benevolence had left his children beggars." - - Elaine and I at once decided we would accept nothing, from him, and, ih a -*liort, coldly,civil reply, told himso.saying plainly -pt-e"cbiild not.be beholden .^one who had refused, our dear father : Jielp in his greatest needl : We quite approved of all papa had doneV' and were -r^dy :and wiUing to work for ottfi living as he did. -.-;>,, ...•' There.was out trouble~-tiie trouble of thousands -at-'tiie -presentday.^; ]W&" were ready and willing; but where i «liould we find the.work'i ••:. • Like these thousands,.we deeidgdihat our best chance was in l^ondon; so one ( . day, after visiting every corner of themanse, and of the dear old gacden.shadowed by the elms where-4be . rooks, built, and going througtfthe trial of parting with papa's poor parishioners— •Klaine and I, with very led. eyes behind pur crape veils, started for " London,- where we liad arranged to take lodgings with an old servant who had married well, gone to. the metropolis, and. in her widowhood increased-a ehjallaifc nuity by letting lodgings. The good old soul, who never forgot we were the vicar's daughters, had the warmest welcome ready for us, therefore we did not find our new life so.uncomfortable as we imagined wc should at first. • There was a bright fire to cheer us, and a high tea, with some delicious <skes, just as Susan, or Mrs Biggins ygw, recollected we used to have at the iifanse. :'' " ; -. .> •• ,„ "Bay® Voti aiiy other -loSgers, Mrs iilggirifeS" asked Elaine, its m took *<tt. •'WigHj HiisS; i won't deceive - you, I hate," Siiid our landlady. "I didn't mention it because really he Is tliat quiet and keeps to hlmseljS, that Ifanr < : cd he didn't liiUcll count. ITiope you don't object?" "Object?' I smiled. "What right should we'have to do-that, HrsfBiggins? We begin* to know tlie value of money I assure you. What is the gentleman?" "An artist, miss. Whether much of a •one I can't say though some of' : the things he does do look sweet, and he's poor enough, I'm sure, to be a genius." "Poor." said my sister, whose sympathies 1 saw at once were aroused. "Poor, miss, very," proceeded Mrs Biggins, who had been always given to; loquacity, which had made papa remark he was "a brave man/who married her. "He's a nice looking young fellow, and, •Though his clothes is a bit worn, always, looks the gentleman; but I suspect that *;ood -dinners are a rarity, I do—sometimes dinners at all." : "OliF cried Elaine, "itiat's dreadful." "It Is, miss. But he is, or tries to look so cheerful, aud laughs at his poverty, and says ±hat when liis pie* lures sell, as they will one day—that's what he declares—he'll pay back all my kindness. He is a nice young man, that he is." "What is his name?" asked Elaine, interested. "Gerald Warne." "Warne! Why, that's our name." "eXs, miss, it's funny, isn't it?": "There Is one comfort he is no i-ela- •tion," said I, "for we are in the happy •state of having none. Have you told liim about us?" • . • rv, "Well, no, miss; only so. far thai Iliad two -young' ladies, gentlefolks; coming, for you eee I wasn't aware just what you would care for me to say." "We are very much obliged to you. If you please we should like you to say nothing of our past, or who we are, Mrs Biggins, for Blaine and I have determined to forget all about -our once having been gentlefolks. If we are so, peo pie will discover it without our felling them; and, knowing how difficult" it is to' "get work, we have adopted for onr \- -motto, *X6 honest employment is derogatory-' So:we ! are-simply-two young women who have to make our own living." I need scarcely say that Mrs Biggins' account of Gerald Warne had-aroused onr interest, especially Elaine's. - She was Just nineteen, slight, graceful ofligure, a blonde, with pretty delicate features, a wild- rose complexion, and snnny hair that, curled naturally -over lier head..,.Iwas four years' lier/senior,- tallc-r and ^dailier; some called me, for my style, handsomer, but that I don't believe, at least Elaine's, was. the most taking face. \- - • -,'We talked a great deal about ourfu tore plans thai, evening, and a gr6at deal too about our fellow lodger. •*, . . . .JElainp-was always coining back to "the iSHliject, "him." She wondered wltai his pictures were like; whether he really was a genius. Then she imagined Jjis..iiraveiy working on them whxailie had not sufficient to eat. In fact, she Speedily made Gerald Warne nut to .toe an artistic Ghatteron. "If we get on, LiL" she exclaimed, "we must ask him to. tea. We can't well send 3iim up a dish, of oysters:" "No. indeed, at tlielr present price," I -replied, "but you see, Elly, we havo first to get on. - His case may soon be ^onr and in one thing be careful; knowing what pitv ig akin to, don't fall in love with Xmj." ' , "I!" <a?ied Elaine, disdainfullv. - "Let sne return the warninsr. Hark!" as a' latchl>ey turned in the lock, "thefe frie isr*' •;•• ivj- • Someone entered and weut upf-taire.- "Lil, he might almost be a ghost, fori the sound he makes. It does not speak tfroH for the soles of Ills boots," reinark- Elaine. The next day we.^ad too mueliiof Qifi^ own affaire to occupy us to think of Gerald Warne. There were agencies to visit, aud advertisements to peruse, a week of which heartbreaking work passed fruitlessly. During this we had seen Gerald Warne once as he passed our window. As to being a gentleman there was as little doubt as that he was handsome and intellectual-looking, also that his clothes were shabby at -the seams; unfortunately, there was no doubt Sabout the latter, nor that his face was haggard, making appear large antl more brilliant ai pair of dark, handsome «yes.^ v.. ..... Before the next week was over Elaine and i . had bo^beien; successful, jjlie had obtained;'an^ engagement In an art dealers, %nd' fouhd .'isome^pupilsr'for Genii&ff;, French^ niusie, and drawing. Our Fpirits were wonderfully., elated at having occupation. Indeed, we had been vei-y fortunate, and'Telt gi- atefully happy. As to Elaine, she speedily, found, began to revert to Gerald Warne^ "We certainly," slie said, "must.begin to think of those teas." 'Jc A; I own I commenced to feel nervous about her. She was always getting Information respecting him from the landlady, jt was ngver.cheering informaticn^ <|!IC9 Sirs Biggins told, with^teara^n her eyes, of a .great "^appointment jie, hafi iiad in selling a picture. "For the first time. he looked quite broke,".=she said, S"and owne^ ;he .tv;ant- ed the money badly. "Why doesn't he teach, ror draw, -or; paint sketches that may sell?" said L -"He tries, miss, lots of times. He'd do anything, as 'pot- boilers," I think he calls it: but luck's against him." .. I noticed Elaine very thoughtful after that, and depressed. "I fancy we had best move from here," I thought. "But, two evenings later, Elaine came in radiant . The cold, frosty air, or her joy. had made her color-dazzling. } "I've got some work " for Gerald .Warne to do," she exclaimed. "Some- •tlfing that, at least, will provide him with dinners." .. It appeared tlijit the - art^dealerr je-" iijuired fin-artist to undertake'some artwork which needed both skHl and taste. :'. "I spoke of Mr Warne," exclaimed. Elaine; "and. Mr Morrison says he' may : eall." fertonian ffal^ie) piide, " %o " Gerald Warne's studio the following; morning. '' The • same ^ '. evening ohr fellow - lodger stood for the first time In our parlor—stood, those wonderfully brilliant. eyj>s brighter Kith emotion, his, ^gmfe'dlttjf aKtfefiibleji his? tones unsteady, as he said: '• "1 liave comethank; you; ."to say how grateful I am; yet can find no words appropriate to express how deeply 1 feel your kindness." I Then, to my surprise, Elaine, quite sagely, as if years his senior, stepped forwardr and -taking his hand,' replied:; "Thentrteasedo ibottiy.~. We^uite uahot fellow-toilers?" If in"that ease we"cannot belp oue an-' other, who will help us 3" "Mr -Morrison-told me he had engaged jou, that he thought you very clever, i&nd; hoped his work would lead to better things." I was so pleaSfe*!!''^ f it She looked as pretty as stie spoke." I shall never forget the expression in Gerald Wame'e face as he gazed at her. I:liave heard of a Pfi'son'f "^ul going out" to another. Th«i T §aw it. "He bent dOTPff, iiutl passed he? hand to Msjlips.j : "Seaven bless your lie said earnestly,. With a sob in his voice.- - I knew form 'that moment that it was a case between theni, ;which notliing-in this world could alter. ' After this Gerald Warne was ] x<s$. often in our parlor indeed; not only that, at" the .s&jat;^^^^^lffl^^^^ifey : I;was tiwubliid at ifir]^|>u'twe niior^ I sawof Gerald Warne re£§gnised;he vras a- ^ntleman liy • ilihilirana to strjmg^r ij^^e^r^^-^^MigU^t^pt prpvesa^S^ tiling lforJBlaine?^|ECfld site; - no{ eeemed, in^eed, as"lie^said,j:to_l3aT(e brongB£3SBa^3Ba"M0i^i'eh" gaa to Ioodtp fortunel^^ • - ; ^ Mr MQjf^iliad fec^Jsi-tf^anijMdf tied -with hiswork, and- afi^dyhJIdTntfoduced him to one^pr4wo-who bad purchased his pictures. It was wliile our acquaintanceship was very young that, as we three sat talking together,. Gerald Warne said: "What a. strange place is this" world, of which people think so little! Things occur .in it tlia,t make one lean towards fatalism. Take, for instance, both our lives. How I was striving, almost despairing here, while all the time fate wasbringing towards me one who was to banish despair for ever before hope." • "It-is very strange, considering thatyour name was Warne," laughed Elaine. "A reason that, had you been related "to a certain Ambrose Warne, would have made ;u-s rather your enemies than friends." ~ . "Why?" . He smiled- ^Because lie is our uncle, and a cruel, selfish' miser*": * \- '"Indeed!" Thinking, as matters stood, he might know- our -history, I told. him. When I ended; Gerald said, laughing—. ' "I look like jthe relation or friend of a wealthy man,-do I notV" and lie glanced at his shabby attire. . . So the days went by—happy, days too. Winter came, by which, time Gerald and Elaine w^ere- engaged. It was one evening after this that I. sat waiting for lier return. The tea was ready, but I never began until she came. The "weather had set in with exceeding severity. There had been ,a heavy snowfall, a partial thaw, then frost, rendering tlie streets like glass. . That made me nervous when Elaine's 'usual hour passed, and she did not appear. A dozen times in twenty minutes I looked at the clock, and walked from the table to the window. The darkness was coming on rapidly. Few people passed; iliose who did walked wearily. One or two fell, but there was no sign of Elaine; Half an houi 4 late! This had never- occurred before. The state of the weather made nie anxious. At last I went up to Gerald's room to tell him." . ; : - ^Vi ". ..;..-"': "Tour eister .not returned!" be ex- claimed,-springing up, "No; she hasmever been out /so late; and the streets are like :glassr' I ' said. "It makes me nervous." . , "Do aot.lie that; I'll soon see!" iie'ieplied. -"ril go to Mr Morrison's ".V i ;Already he had taken his hat; now, as apxiou^ras I, he riin downstairs and from the house,. -when' I returned to my window to wsitch. Suddenly I cried, starting to liiy feet, - and clasping my hands— - -. . "Oh, it's true. There lias been an incident!"- t •-• - - v ^V: : ^A brougham had driven np and stopped at. the door. A moment I.had seen T5iaTne's "Wh5te"fact inside, then an • old gentleman; got out and knocked. I fiew to the.dooir and opened it ; "Oh, what has happened cried. "There—there," said tlie old gentleman, harshly, "don't go making a-fuss! Totir sister didn't, and she had more cause— you're Miss Warne, I suppose? .Well, you're slipped do\ri£. iind grained : her auM'6:' there' wei#%" iotabout, so I just asked her name, where she lived, and brought her home. Now, if you are as sensible a y&ung; woman.as" she appears to be, youH'just coiije and assist'lier &t;<b'4lie house.-' I followed him at once to the brougham, ah<i together we helped Elaine, 1 who declared that it was nothing but a spiral, into our room, and made -her lie on the coiicli. . Then we -thanked the stranger,: who had so well played the Samaritan. ...... "Xo thanks—no thanks," lie interrupted. "She wa.s not quite a stranger to me., irve.seen her often—wet or shine going to work- You call-if work-, 45I1, or 1 ar^-youaSa proud?" ^ \ . . - c Too pi'dud to call things by their-.lightnames!" 1 smiled. "No indeed. We are only proud of having honsst work to do." " • " "I like thkt," he Said, looldu 5 into my face. "If all people were of your sort the world would get on better. I'm sorry I didn't know you before. I shall know von better nowr"= t'bliall call again.' * lie" took his hat, looked around the room, and pursed his lips, then said ab ruptly: ';Jj0}ay.,iis well tell you the -tiiUh at onie. ir.ve peen watching you^i I JikSi that i^ependenMetter lyou vrjo^ like^^aifl—rm your uucle, " Ambrose Warne."" •- * "' "Uncle Ambrose!" we cried, in amaze. : '"Xes; ;:rm going .to adopt both of you," cuAlyi J rVe-.a son I've turned out of dooi-s because he is idiot enough to preferiart to commerce—starvation to a good joint." ! ""'' At this instant Gerald entered breathlessly. "Miss Warne. I can fiiid no rtacd of Elaine," he began; then he started back exclaiming, "Good Heavens! Father!" "What—you here—you scamp!" ejaculated the old man. "Oh, sir!" exclaimed Elaine, reaching his han£ and clasping^, "is he your son? then if-voulforgive us you must forgive him." "brie day, believe me, he will make us all proud of the name we bear." "Will hel' cried unde Ambrose. "When he does that, i'll forgive Jiim." -' "Then, father," said Gerald, extending his-hand, "I ask neither money nor help. Only let it be a friendly truce until that happy time graves." : Uncle Ambrose lieataied, Jjut finally took his son's hand. 1 Audjwjhat the issult5 Thist Tiu 1 . Nest #eatSll^iidon'' i B'ais speaking of Gerald's picture hung in one of the "Academies; A/month later.he .went to ifu s dy"'"at Rome, takmg his,"wife 1 "with him,while I was uncle Ambrose's Housekeeper, until—uutil—well, somebody else wanted ^nie^jtorbc. ^^So^'our'djfrk Cloud see; ' uncle Ambrose, after all, was— The Silver I.in- * i v - . - . i • 