MADAME'S GHOST. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS. , It waB a curious old house built in the time of the first Bonaparte. A French lady— tradition said she was a connection of Napoleon's or a very dear friend, she is certainly not mentioned in any history ? built, the house and occupied it. When news came of his death she died of grief. Since then, they said, she would sometimes open a door in the . garden and glide out and in. Keys could not keep that door locked nor bo its fasten it. This is what the old couple that kept the place told Captain Pearce when he thought of buying it. He bought it all the same. He wa3 not afraid of madame's ghost. Still there can be no denying the fact, that that door did open curiously ftt mysterious times. Uirk, the German boy who had been found hungry on the road and had been taken in and made a servant cf , declared he had seen madame all in white ; but she had hurt nobody. And here the family had lived, and Hetabell, the youngest, had been born. They had all been very happy despite the mys terious door that would open and madame's ghost. But changes came, alas! The dear wife and mother died ; one son went into business in Califor nia ; one daughter married a man who took her straight away to Earope ; and the other, though not far ofi, was still away. Old Captain Pearce had only his youngest girl -with him now, and it is little wonder that he was loath to lose her. It was natural for him to dislike any suitor who came, and particularly disagreeable to him was any one -who seemed to him to take her fancy. When young Jack Halpine offered himself, Hetabell was commanded to refuse him. She did not obey. She Bimply told Jack that her father objected, and said they must wait until he changed his mind. After that, Jack did not call, but the mysterious door opened very often, and madame seemed to go out and m frequently. Dirk saw her, from the garret window, in a white robe ; but he did not see the white robe thrown aside afterwards as Hatabell talked with Jack in the arbour. That door was such a friend to the two lovers ! They waited long. Captain Pearce did not relent. ?? Jack followed the sea,' and he would never give his girl to a sailor, he said. A sailor's wife never knew whether her husband was alive or dead. Even a captain could not make a fortune. He knew that. Fortune had bestowed a legacy upon Captain Pearce himself, or where woul d he have been ? He knew the sea and sailors, and he said ?« No ' once and .' No ' again, and ' No ' for ever, until, one morning, the ghost of madame left the door wide open behind her. It was found so in the morning, and for a while the servants said she had carried Miss Hetabell ?with her. But a letter was found on the pillow of her unrumpled bed that told another story. Hetabell had gone away with young Jack Hal pine to marry him. She begged her father to for give her, and she said she loved him and would :? obey him in anything else. But the captain had no ?longer any faith in his daughter. From that mo ment he cast her ofi. He would not read the letters she sent him, and when she oame to his door he told the servant to bid her begone. Still, while the honeymoon lasted, Jack and Hetabell were happy They forget everything in their love for each other. To be together always, ?what a dream that was ! And Jack kept it up ? until money was very low in his purse, and began to think of filling it. ? The Sea Gull sails on Wedesday,' he said one day. ? Does she ?' asked Eetabell. \ But why do you tell me of it?' ? Why, I sail with he !' ?Oh, you cannot dream of leaving me !' moaned Hetabell. 4 Needs must,' said Jack. ? Why, my dear, you knew you married a sailor.' ? You must take to some other business. You must not, shall not, be for ever away from me !' sobbed Hetabell. But Jack explained to her that at his age he must go on aB he had begun. One day he would get a ship ; then she could always saii with him. But now — he gave her his pay, and kissed her ; and on Wednesday he sailed. The day that he was gone, Hetabell went to her . . father's house again, .. Dirk opened the door. 1 It was no use, madam,' he said, when Hetabell asked him to speak to her father. 'No use. De old shentleman is bositiff you must not come in.' He came out of the door as he spoke and drew it close behind him. 1 He was not veil, your fader,' he said. ' I must ;not egBite him. He is very queer. He has sent away eflry von but me. I cook, I do all. You 1 does a very bad t'ing ven you marries dot fellow. , You never can can up-pick spilled milk.' Hetabell went away again. The servant's man ner was condescending and offensive. She lived \- alone in her little suite of rooms. She waited for a letter from Jack. At last one came. A passing Bhip had brought the mail of the Sea Gull. Another came when they reached port, and now he ?would start for home — for home and Hetabell — in about a week' 8 time. Later, he wrote that they ?would be on their way next day. After that, no news ; only silence and tidings of fearful storms. Then they said that the Sea Gull was missing. Weeks passed. Months went by. There wbb nothing to hope for, but Hetabell hoped. At last a little baby came, and the mother lived and the child also. But it was quite certain now to every body that the Sea Gull was lost, with all on board. And soon the last penny in poor Hetabell's purse was gone. The landlady was a good woman, but she was poor. She came to Hetabeli one day, and in a confused manner and with a tear in her eye told her she could no longer have the rooms. 'You see, 1 need the rent.' she said. * And you have a father, I'm told. Go to him, He's sure to help you.* Poor Hetabell ! She had sold almost all of any value that she possessed. She offered the land lady her remaining bits of furniture, and the woman accepted them. Then she wrapped her child in a shawl, put on a cloak and hat, and took her* last bit of money. She had sold her clock to get it. She went to pay the fare to her father's home. She had walked from the station, and now, in the twilight, lingered about the garden. She dreaded an encounter with Dirk. If she could but see her father ! But no one came out. A light was lit in the upper room — none be low. After awhile Dirk appeared, fastened the shutters, and looked about him. She took heart of grace and went up to him. ' Dirk,' she said, ' I must see papa.' The man had looked at her coldly before. This time his glance was furious. ? I will obey my orders,' he said. * You must go away Ven you marry dat fellow you know it is ofer here Go ! Go, quick ' Hetabell went out at the gate and up the road. Dirk entered the house, and the bars and bolts clanked within ; but Hetabell felt a new hope in her heart. Dirk was not obeying orders. She felt sure he was, for some some purpose of his own, anxious to keep her away from her father. She lingered in the shadow of the old church until all seemed quiet in the house, then she re entered the garden. She passed through the neglected space where once gay flowers grew in abundance and came to the little side-door — the mysterious door — ? Madame's door,' as it was called. She tried it with her hand, but it was fast. She Bat on the old bench under a willow- tree hard by, warming her babe as best she could in her armB. The tradition ran that on moonlight nights Madame's ghost opened this door precisely at 12 o'clock. There was a moon to-night At 12 o'clock it was at its full. How long the hours seemed ! The church clock told them one by one -nine—ten — eleven — until midnight was at hand A.U the village seemed asleep On such a night she was wont to come forth at that door to meet her lover. On such a night she left it to become his wife. How still it was ! How strange ! How dark ! A sense of terror in the air, too, thrilling her every nerve ! And now the clock was striking : One— two — three— four — five — Bix— (Hetabell's eyes were riveted on the door) — seven — eight— nine — she counted ten — eleven- twelve ! Great Heaven ! The door had opened silently and softly. She fancied she saw a little mist or smoke — a vapour — a shadowy figure, that vanished as she looked upon it. But whether this were so or not— the door of her father's house had been mys teriously opened to her. She waited not one in stant. She arose and glided in. She knew the stairs too 'well to miss them. She glided up and entered her own old room. The moon shone full through the window. She laid the babe upon the bed ; and it came into her mind to lie down there and sleep, and in the morning to seek her father. She heard him in his own room ; his heavy breathing came through the widened erevice of the door. Softly she crept to wards it and peeped in. He slept soundly. Hia face looked worn and old in the light of the night lamp. ♦ He will forgive me,' she said. Then she crept back to her old room, and lay down beside her babe. She left the door open for the comfort of hearing her father breathe. Soon she slept, but not for long. There was a foot on the stairs. Someone stealthily descended from the garret and entered her father's room. She sprang to her feet, the blood curdling in her veins, and stole to the door. She peeped through the aperture. Dirk stood beBide her father's bed, a fiendish look upon his face, a hatchet lifted above his head. It was evident that he was about to murder his master. Hetabell was a woman and unarmed, bat she did not nausfi to sav tn hprnplf ; 'He will kill me also!' She'only flung the door wide and rushed in and upon him. She was dumb with horror. She saw her father arouse him self and fix his eyes npon Dirk and start to his feet; but as for the German, the effect of her appearance was astonishing. The hatchet fell from his hand ; he shrieked aloud ' It is the ghost of madame ! It is the ghost of madame ! ' and fled towards the stairs. Down them he rushed to the mysterious door and out of it, and away, blindly, madly— any- where. Next morning some field ward -going ploughmen found him lying at the foot of the precipice, with his back broken, and before he died he confessed that he had long planned to murder and rob his master; However, Captain Pearce was not afraid of ghosts, and when his daughter knelt and told her story he forgave her. Bessie, she had saved his life. She had come in good time ; and who would ever know how the door was opened for her ? The old man took Hetabell to his heart again. Nor did he turn from her when one day, not long after, news came that Jack Halpine was alive. The Sea Gull had been lost, but many of the crew were saved by a steamer bound for Norway. Now he was was on his way home, and soon he clasped his wife in his arms and shook hands with the happy father. ?When you go away again, Jack,' the old man said, ♦ Hetabell will stay with me, and while you are here, you will stay, too.' Madame's ghost opened the door for both of you.' 