0ie %itOe tfrnfU, OK, How Hath Won Her Heritage. By Mrs. G. Sheldon, Authoress of " The Missing Heir of Oallonby," "The Masked Bridal," Etc. CHAPTER XLII. CONCLUSION. Mr Silsby went directly out, leaving Ralph in the care of his nurse, who came to him as soon as he heard him coughing. He sought Ruth, who was anxiously awaiting his coming on the verandah. He told her of his Interview with Ralph, and concluded by remarking : " I do not .believe he can live many hours — he 1b very frail, and sadly changed. He expressed a wish that he might see both you and Hope to-night. Did I do right to tell him I thought yon would be willing to go to him ?" "Perfectly; 1 will go at once," Ruth quietly- replied. ' She went immediately to her room where she found Mary <hbont to undress Hope. " Do not put Hopo to bed jnst yet, Mary. I want her , for a few minutes," she said ; and, jtaking the child into her arms, she went into her own chamber and shut the door. " Darling," she Baid, in a tone that was far from steady, " there la a sick gentle man here who wants to see yon. Mamma is going to take yon to him ; bnt his face is all marked where it has been sore, and yon mnst not say anything about it. Will Hope mind ?" " Yes," said the child nodding gravely, and being an nnnsually thoughttnl child for her years Rath fell that she could trust her. She sent Mary with a line to Mr Silnby, asking him to call for Hope at Ralph's door in about fifteen minutes ; then, after making some slight changes in the girl's attire, Bhe. went straight to her husband's rooms. The nurse ushered her at once into the sick man's presence, and, for a moment, Rnth's heart almost failed her as her eyes fell npon his wasted figure that lay on the bed, and the thin, sunken and still un sightly face that turned eagerly toward her as she entered. Could It be possible that this had ever been tbe gay, dashing, handsome Ralph Plympton who had so won her girlish fancy daring those old days at Hazelwood Heights ! " This is very good of yon," he panted weakly, -as the nurse went out leaving them alone. " I thank you more than 1 can express." Then his glance wandered to Hopo, who was gazing at him with a grave, won dering look in her eyes, aud a faint smile of pleasure lighted np his wan face. Rath led the child close to his coach. "Hope, shako hands with the gentle man," she gently commanded, and the little one unhesitatingly laid her dimpled, perfect hand upon his outstretched palm. His fingers closed over it with an eager, tender clasp, his lips qnivering with emotion. " Poor man !" lisped Hope in her sweet, childish tones, " have you got any little girls ?" "No, dear, I am all— alone," Ralph faltered, a sharper pang than usual assailing him as he uttered that last sig nificant word. " Like mamma and me," the innocent child returned, " my papa has gone away, bnt I've got his picture," she added, with an air of triumph, as if that was a trea sured possession. Ralph started and glanced quickly at Ruth. "Then" she knows—?" he began, and then stopped. "Certainly," Ruth . answered ; "she has the photograph that was taken in Paris. I did not think it right to with hold snch knowledge from her." " Thank you — you were always conr siderate, Ruth," he returned, huskily. Then he chatted a few moments longer with Hope, his eyes lingering npon her dainty form and sweet face with infinite tenderness. She did not appear to shrink from him at all, a circumstance for which Rath was very thankful, and said several quaint, pretty things chat gave him some know ledge of- her precocity and eniightened him regarding the training she was re ceiving from her mother. Finally there came a tap npon the door, and Ruth knew that Mr Silsby had come to take the child back to her room. " 1 am going to send her away now, while I talk a little longer with yon," she said to Ralph, by way of explanation. Then turning to Hope, she added : " Say good- night to the gentleman, dearie. Mr Silsby' has come for yon, and Mary Is waiting to put you to bed." Ralph lifted the tiny hand, that he still held, and laid it against his hot lips, kiss ing it Boftly twice. Hope looked at it gravely a moment after he released it, then, waving it at him with .a pretty gesture of farewell, said sweetly ; " Good-night — I sorry you are sick." And then the little one went out for ever from the presence of her father, whoso keenest pang was the realisation of the fact that she was ignorant of their relationship, and that he was entitled to no recognition from her. Rath, after giving her into Mr Silsby's hands, returned to him, and was smitten to the sonl by the expression of suffering on his face. " No w, Ralph," Bhe said as she Bat down beside him, " is there anything I can do for you ?" " Thank yon — nothing ; it iB more than I deserve that you should be willing to let me look into your face once more," he said, humbly. " I am going fast — I shall soon be done with earth, and — I am glad. I did not think, when I left you that night, that I should ever see you again. But this un expected meeting is like a little glimpse of heaven this side the grave. It also gives me an opportunity to tell you some- thlnk that has long been in my heart- that my one wish for your future is that you may be— happy. You understand me, Ruth." She was silent. Yes, she understood him, bnt her heart was too full to admit of her speaking, while the quivering lips and the pitiful look in her eyes told him that there was no bitterness in her soul toward him. " There is one other thing I would like to speak of " " Pray, tell me what it is — do not fear to speak freely," she said as he hesitated, " any wish of yonrs shall be sacredly attended to." " Thank you ; I do long to be laid away in my own country ; and, since Mr Silsby is here " 4 _ _ . "I understand," Ruth hastily Inter posed — "do not talk of it, Ralph — the wish Is sufficient." He lifted a grateful glance to her. " I did not expect this," he said ; " I had no thought that friends would be near me at this time ; but the fact has made me very restful and content. I had authorisedjmy servant to send a package to Mr Silsby for you, and a letter which it contains wonld have explained every thing. It will be fonnd in my trunk, and that is all that I am going to say to yon abont it. I want to speak of yourself, Ruth," ho added, a slight smile relaxing his lips. " It seems that you have become a great lady." " Ah 1 so you know I ' she exclaimed in surprise. "Yes, I have read all the papers, and have learned that you have won a vast inheritance," he replied. "It haB read like a thrilling romance, and I am very glad ; I know yon will make a noble use of your wealth. Of course my Income will soon revert to Hope — yori will find that the matter has been attended to when you open the package J spoke of. I hope the dear child will be like her mother when she grows to womanhood — I can wish nothing better for her. You will never tell her, Ruth—" he interposed, with an appealing lock that almost made her weep. " No, Ralph, she shall never learn anything of an unpleasant nature," Ruth kindly returned. Then, seeing that he was panting from weariness, she arose, adding : " I must not remain any longer now, for you are very weary ; but I will bring Hope to see you again to-morrow, if you wish." " Thank yon," he breathed faintly, but his eyes were fastened upon her face with a look that haunted her for monthB with its intense yearning —its devouring heart- hanger. " Good-night," she said gently ; then went softly out, and with a look of tearless agony in his eyes he turned his face to the wall, murmuring : " Good-bye, love ; I am ready to go now." An hour later Ralph Plympton's soul had passed from earth. He died so quietly that his nurse did not know when the end came— he thought him asleep, but when he went to give him his nourishment as usual, he found him dead, with a dainty, faintly-perfnmed handkerchief clasped in his hands and pressed to his lips. It had fluttered from Ruth's belt aud fallen upon his couch as she turned to leave him. Mr Silsby at once claimed the privilege of an old friend and attended to every thing that was necessary to be done for him. He had the body embalmed and then entombed to await a proper season to be conveyed to America, where, later, it was laid in the Plympton lot, beside the ill- fated yonng man's father and mother. \- » Two months afterwards our friends were back in London, where they were joined by Basil Meredith. About a month after Ralph Plympton's death, Ruth wrote to Basil of the fact, aud also gave him a history of all that had occurred in connection with herself since she last saw him. - Bis only reply was a cable message of five words : " May I come to you 1" And her answer flashed back with in spiring cordiality : "Yes, come."' There was no restraint in their meet ing, for each knew the heart of the other ; and when Basil held oat his arms to her, the one endearing term " Sweet heart" escaping his lips, Ruth went straight to him, was folded close to his breast, and both knew that they were re united for all time. One week later they were quietly married in one of the spacious parlors of the honse in which the party were stopping, and with only a few friends to witness the ceremony. Then there was an enjoyable trip to Paris. After that the Silsbys began to talk of going home. And now came the time to decide a question which Rnth had long been dreading. Where was to be her home For the future ? She did not want to reside per manently abroad, as we already know her heart was too loyal to her own conn- try, and she yearned inexpressibly to live there ; and yet her large interests in England seemed to point to a duty there. " I really do not know what to' do," she remarked to her husband ono day, while discussing the subjoct. " I know what I wonld- like to do, however," she added, smiling and flashing. " Well, sweetheart, what yon ' wonld like' to do will be my aim to accom plish, if such result is possible," Basil returned, as he fondly drew her head down upon his Bhonlder. " Now, what is it, my Lady of Rothwlck ?" " I wonld like to tarn Roth wick Castle into a great asylnm for homeless boys," Rnth returned, with unusual gravity. "Really, Rnth?" he inquired as gravely, while he searched her face earnestly. " Really, Basil," she said. " I know I should be terribly homesick to live in that immense place all by ourselves ; there is nothing home-like ahont it, and our small family would be lost in such a labyrinth of hails, rooniB, and passages but it would make a splendid institution for the purpose I have named. The only drawback is the want of a suitable fund to carry it on properly. I ven der " "Well, dear, go on," said Basil, smiling encouragement. " Suppose 1 should give Rothwlck Castle for such a purpose, do you imagine the Crown would endow it, or devote a certain sum annually toward the support cf it ?" Ruth thoughtfully inquired. Basil laughed out musically. " Sweetheart, you ' are developing rapidly," he said, with playful fondness ; "but I am somewhat amuBed when I think of all the trouble you have taken to secure it, that you should become so suddenly anxious to get rid of your noble inheritance. Don't you expect to be haunted by the ghost of old Sir Amos for your unappreciativeness ?" " I do not imagine he will tronble me very much, especially as I hope to make atonement for some of his sins in thus doing good to othera," Ruth smilingly retorted. " But,' seriously, Basil, what do you think of my scheme ?" "I think it a very grand one, my darling, and I believe it can be accom plished," he earnestly responded. " I will see what can be done abont it immediately." He threw himself heartily Into the work, and through the influence of some prominent men to whom he was intro duced by Temple and Henderson, the matter was brought at an early day before the proper authorities, who succeeded in having a generous fund appropriated to the cause, while the Queen sent a per sonal expression of her approbation to "the generous Lady of Rothwlck, In view of the philanthropic spirit that had prompted her to devote her noble Inheritance to such a grand work." Of coarse, even after that, it took a great deal of time' to get everything in running order ; but by the end of the year the institution was complete In every department, and Basil and his wife went over to England again to be present at the formal opening and dedi cation of the "Rothwlck Home for Homeless Boys," where such waifs were also to be liberally educated and'fitted for some useful sphere in life. Hope Cottage was abandoned, in view of the larger enterprise. Will Browning and his brother were transferred to the Castle, as were asol Mr and . Mrs Win- alow— the one to act as general super intendent of the institution, the other as chief matron, while Mrs Barstow, who was herself an Englishwoman and therefore only too glad of a comfortable berth in her own country, became a valuable assistant. It is only necessary to add that the enterprise became a most successful one, refieoting great credit upon its philan thropic projector, Mrs Basil Meredith — she waived her title with the Rothwlck estate— who watched Its development with ever-Increasing pleasure and Inte rest. She, with her family, spent a portion of every year at the Castle, where a part of one wing had been especially set apart for them, and their advent was eagerly looked forward to by every individual in the Home. Their winters were passed in Basil's elegant residence in New York, and the late Bummer and early autumn at Hazel- wood Heights. In the course of time there came a son and heir, who was christened Rothwick ; and afterward, another dear little girl, whom Rnth named Elizabeth Allenwood, for her mother and her great grand mother. . Ruth never saw Inez Plympton again ; but Bhe learned, ab.out a year after her marriage, that the woman was a raving maniac and an inmate of a private lunatic asylnm. " I believe Bhe was always more or less Insane," she remarked, with a gentle sigh of regret ; " for it does not seem possible that anyone can be sane and be ruled by such an ungovernable temper as she possessed." Fortunately for her peace of mind, she never knew what occasioned her hopeless lunacy ; but the truth of the matter was that Inez one day read in an Euglish paper a notice of the marriage of Basil Meredith and the girl whom she hated with all the intensity of her fiery nature. Instantly she flew into a towering rage, tore the paper into atoms, and threw them from her as if they had been burn ing brands. Then something seemed to snap in her brain, and from that hoar Bhe never knew one Incld moment. Five years later she died,- and was quietly buried by the attorney who had care of her property, and thus ended a life that had been wholly governed by selfishness and passion. It had burnt it self out, aud was lost in oblivion. \- Will Browning continued to prove him self most worthy of the regard of his kind friends, Mr and Mrs Meredith, and their efforts in his behalf. He was a faithful student, a noble- hearted, high-principled fellow, and gave promise of becoming a good and useful man, -while his brother, under his influence, bade fair to follow in his footsteps. Our story is told; and now wo must take leave of the dear little woman we have grown to both love and honor, and who; supremely happy in the care and affection of her noble husband, and surrounded by her beautiful and interesting children, was a living proof of the poet's truism that " Blessings ever wait on virtuous deeds, And, though late, a sure reward suc ceeds." The End. 