CONSECRATION OF CRAFERS CHURCH. On the festival of the Epiphany, January 6, the beautiful church st Crafers, near Mount Lofty station, was consecrated by the bishop of the diocese. Going up from town in tbe early morning the exquisite scenery and the lovely day were a fitting preparation for the beauties of art displayed in the Church of the Epiphany. Those who had not previously seen the interior of this church were surprised at the beauty and dignity of the structure. On entering the first objects that attract attention are a carved wood reredos and choir stalls, exquisitely artistic tinted win- dows, an altar piled up with pyramids of white blossoms, culminating in the floral star, the emblem of the Epiphany, above the altar. Next are seen the beautiful arches of chancel and transept, the sweep of the roof, and the pointed three-light windows, the lec tern and choir stalls wreathed with ferns and delicate sprays of foliage and flower. The large congregation, mostly of ladies, rose as the procession entered the church, singing "The earth is the Lord's and all that therein is." After the choristers came a long proces sion of clergy, the Revs E. H. Bleby, R.A. Bryant, R. W. G. Dempster, C. S. Horna- brook, G. Griffiths, F. H. King, W. S. Milne, T. G. Pitcher, K. W. Pobjoy, W. S. Marsh, F. B. Morze, J. Sunter, W. A. Swan, A.G.B. West, J. Hussey, H. Wyllie, F. Webb, F. W. Wilkinson, followed by Canons Andrews, Hop craft, and Samwell, Archdeacons Morse and Dove, the dean, the rector of the parish (Rev. Percy Wise), Rev. L. P. Crawford, carrying the pastoral staff, the bishop and the registrar. The petition was delivered by Mr. Pendle ton, the churchwarden, after reading which the choir and congregation sang the well known hymn "We love the place, O God" while the procession continued to the chancel. The bishop then laid the papers, title-deeds, &c.;, upon the altar after prayers had been recited. Then the Old Hundredth was sung and the procession re-formed and returned to the west end, and standing at the font a short lesson was read and the choir appropriately took up a verse of the hymn. "We love the sacred font." At the chancel steps, at the choir, at the prayer-desk, at the lectern, and finally at the altar, the bishop recited appropriate prayers, after which a lesson was read by the rector. At each halt, as the procession slowly wound its way along the church, the choir took up the various verses. The consecration sen- tence was read by the Archdeacon of Adelaide, concluding with the words, "I declare this Church of the Epiphany to be now consecrated and set apart for ever—In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Turning to the congregation the bishop gave an address congratulating the parishioners of Crafers on the liberality and harmony which had resulted in the completion of this beautiful structure. he commended the forethought which had planned out a noble building to be accomplished by degrees under the direction of a master mind. And though the efforts of parishioners had been mainly directed to the completion of their church they had not neglected its spiritual develop- ment in other directions, and also materi- ally, as in the new church at Aldgate. The grandeur of the church consecrated that day could not fail to exercise a reverent feel- ing in those who worshipped in it, and it was only right that the first act of worship should be the Holy Eucharist, in which the hearts of all would rise in thanksgiving to God. The solemn recitation of the Nicene Creed would remind them that the faith taught in that church would be the faith of their fathers, the faith once delivered to the saints. After the bishop's address, which was listened to most attentively by tbe large congregation, the Eucharistic hymn, "And now O Fatter, mindful of the love." was sung, and the Eucharist celebrated by the bishop. The singing throughout was excellent. A dispensa- _ tion from the usual abstinence was granted by the bishop on this particular Friday, it being the Feast of the Epiphany and the dedication festival of Crafers Church. The reredos, of exquisite carved wood, is the gift of Mrs. Alfred Simm. The architect's (Mr Woods) work in the beautiful design was deservedly admired, and the contractor and all who took any part in the structure must feel pride and pleasure in the results of then work. A few minor details remain to be accomplished, as well as some finishings out- side and in, to some of the arches, &c.; Negro parents in British Guiana choose queer names for their children. "Seriatim ad Valorem," "Whisky Emanuel," and "Season Hirers" are among themore cu- rious. 