THE FOURTH GENERATION. By SIR WALTER BESANT. Author of "All Sorts and Conditions of Men," "Hcrr Paulus," "The Master Craftsman," "Armorel of Lyoncsse," "The World Went Very Well Then," "All in a Garden Fair," "Children of Gibeon," &c.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER III.— WHAT HE GOT. It was 11 o'clock that same evening, Leon ard was again at his table, expectant nf lv.-n or three hours' quiet work. The "Man sion" wns quiet; 110 pianos were at won,; most of the people, except those who were dining out or were at the theatre, were thinking of bed. This voune man. for lil« part, was thinking of the midnight oil. He was also somewhat perturbed by the con clusion of his first love chapter, and the plain truths which lie had henrd. Nobody likes to be told that he is too fortunate, and that I10 wants poor relations, defeated ambitions, and family scandals to make him level with the rest of mankind. Nothing, however, soothes nerves more efficiently than an hour or two of work at midnight. Unexpectedly there was a ring at his door. I-liS man had gone to bed. Leonard opened the door himself. There stood before him a stranger — a tall man wrapped in a kind of Inverness cape, with a round felt hat. "Mr. Leonard Campaignc?" he nsked? "Certainly," he replied, snuppisnly." "Who are you?- What do you mean by coming nuiu no oinu lime OI TUG lllgllt : "I, am sorry to be so late. I lost my way. May 1 have half an hour's' talk with you? I am a cousin of yours, though you do not know me. My name," he added, producing a pocket book, "is on this card." Leonard read it. "Mr. Samuel Galley- Campaigne." In the corner were the words, "Solicitor, Commercial-road E." . "You can come in," said Leonard. The man followed him into the study, threw off his onpe and hat and stood before him— in tall thin figure, with a face which instantly reminded the spectator of a vul ture; -the nose was long, thin and curved; his eyes were bright, but too close, together. He was dressed in a frock coat and wore a black tic. He looked hungry, but not with physical pangs. "Mr. Samuel Gnlley-Campaignc," ho re peated. "My father's name was Galley, my grandmother's maiden name was C'am- puigne. I have added it to my own, with her people's, coat of arms." "Oh!" said Leonard. "Rut you have no right' to our coat of arms." "Well — I've taken it, and I've shoved it on my office paper. It's unusual down our way, ainl it's good for business. You want to lqioiv more about me? Well, sir, that old man over there" — indicating some place north/of London — "is my great grandfather as well as yours — my grandmother, still liv ing, is his daughter. She married my grandfather, Isaac Galley, who failed in' 1800. for a large amount." "I beg, your pardon, will you sit down? I was not, I confess, aware of this relation ship. Pray go on." Leonard continued stand ing, looking down upon his visitor. He be came aware, presently, of a ridiculous like ness to himself, and ho found himself hop ing that the vulture pluyed a less prominent part in his own expression. .AH the Carii- paigrie people were taller — much taller, than the average; their features were strongly marked; they were, as a rule, a handsome family. They carried themselves with a cer tain dignity. This man was tall, his fea tures were strongly marked, but he was not handsome, and he did not carry himself withidiguity. His shoulders were bent and he stooped. He was one of the race, appar ently, but gone to seed; looking "common."-1 No one could possibly mistake him for a gentleman by birth or by breeding. "Com-! mon'! was .the word to apply to Mr. Galley- Campaigne. "Common" is a word much uscd-by certain ladies belonging to a certain stage" of society about their neighbors', chil dren; it wilf do to express the appearance, of this visitor. "" '' "Oh!" V Lgo.nar d '.repeated, mechanically, while making liis observations, "you are my cousin) areiyou? "I did not knoiv, of your existence." . "We live at- the -other end of', town. I'm' ji . gentleman, of course, being in the Law— lower branch — -" "Quite "sOi" said Leonard. "But the old woman — I mean my grand mother—takes jolly good care that I shall know the -difference between you and me! You've had Eton and College to back you up. -You've got the House of Commons; nnd- a: swagger club. That's your "world. Mine is different. We've no swells where I live, down the Commercial-road. I'm a. | solicitor. in: what you would call a small way: ."There are no big men our way." ; "It- is a learned profession." I "Yes— I am not a clerk, like my father." ; "Tell mo more about yourself. -.-Youi" grandfather, you say," was bankrupt. Is' he living?" "No. :.He went: off about 10 years ago, boastful to the end of his great smash. 1-Iis son, that's my father, went into the city." ' He was a clerk nil his life to a wine merchant. He died a" year or two ago. He. was just able to pay for my articles— a hundred pounds — and the stamp, another f\\- -nrirl t.lint nrnttv well cleared him out, except for a life insurance of a hun dred,;: When lie died I was just beginning to get along; and I've been able to live. and to keep my mother and my grandmother- it's ji .tight fit, though— with what I can- screw out of Mary Anne." "Who is Mary Anne?" "My .sister 'Mary Anne. She's a board school teacher. But she shoves all the ex penses pn to me." "Oil! I. have a whole family of cousins, then,, previously unknown. That is inter esting. Arc there more?" He remembered certain words spoken only that morning, and -lie winced. Here were poor relations, after all. Constance would he pleased. "No more, only me and Mary Anne. Now, Mr. Campaigne, the old woman has been at me a long time to come here. She wants to see you." "Indeed! My great aunt! she is still liv ing? I hopcT may be allowed to call upon her?" "That's what she wants. That's why I came here to-night. Look hero, sir, for my own part I would not intrude upon you. I've not come to' beg or to borrow. But for the old woman's sake I've ventured to call and ask you to remembpr that she is your great aunt. She's 72 years of age, and now and then she frets a bit after a sight of her own people. She hasn't seen any of them since your grandfather committed suicide. And that must have been about the year I860, before you nnd I were born." "My grandfather committed '-suicide? What do you mean? My grandfather died finmowhora nhniri: Ififif) Wlinf. An vnu mnnn by saying that ho killed himself?" "What? Don't you know? Your grand father, sir," said the other firmly, "died of cul-lhroat fever very suddenly. Of that I am quite certain, because my grandmother remembers the business perfectly well." "Is it possible? Killed himself? Then why did I never learn such a thing?" "1 suppose lliey didn't wish to worry you. Y'our father was but a child, I suppose, at the lime. Perhaps they never told him. All the same, it's perfectly true." Committed suicide! He remembered the widqw who never smiled — the pale faced, heavy eyed widow. He now understood why Hie went in mourning all the days of her life, lie now learned, in this unexpected inaniier," wliy she had retired to the quiet little Cornish village. Committed suicide! Why? It seemed a kind of sacrilege to ask this person. Ho hesitated; he took up a trifling ornament from the mantelshelf, and played with it. It dropped out of his fingers into the fender, and was broken. "Pray," he asked, "how came your grand mother to .be separated from her own people?" "'J'lic.v went nwn.v into the country. And her father went silly. She never knew him \- when lie wasn't silly. He went silly when his brother-in-law was murdered." "Brother-in-law murdered? What is this? \----- : Good. Lord, man!. What do you mean with your murder nnd your suicide?" "Wily, don't you knoiv? 'Murdered! nnd his wife died of the shock the same day. What else wns it that drove him off his silly old ehuinp?" "I — 1 — I — know nothing." The vulgarity of the man passed unnoticed in the face of these revelations. "I assure you, nothing of these tragedies. They are all new to me. I have been told nothing." "Never told you? Well, of all the — Why the old woman over there is never tired of talking about these things. Proud of them, she is. And you never to know anything." "Nothing. Is there more? And why do you call my great grandfather mad?" "He's as much my greut grandfather as yours. Mad? Well, I've seen him over the garden wall half a dozen times, walking up and down his terrace like a Polar hear. 1 don't know what you call mad. As f'' me, I'm only a man of business, but if I had a client who never opened or answered a letter, never spoke a word to anybody, ne glected his children, let his house go to ruin, never went to church, would have no servants about the place — why I should have that miserable creature locked up. That's all." Leonard put this point aside. "But you have not told me about his wife's dcatli. It is strange. that I should lit asking you -these particulars of my own family." "Mine as well, if you please," the East End solicitor objected, with some dignity. "Well, sir, my grandmother is seventy- two years of - age. Therefore, it is just seventy- two years since her mother died. For her uiuu in uiiuuuiri.ii, miu sue uiuu ut the Rhoek produced by the news of her own brother's murder. Her brother's name was Langley Holms." "Langley? My grandfather's name." "Yes, Langley Holms. I think he waa found lying dead on a hillside. So, our groat grandfather, I say, lost in one day his wife and his brother-in-law, who was the best friend lie had in the world. Why, sir, if you go down to see him nnd find him in that state, does it never occur to you to ask how it came about?" "I .confess — He:, is so old. I thought it eccentricity of age." "No!" His cousin shook his head. "Age alone would not make a man go on like that. I take it, sir, that extreme age may make a man care nothing about other people, not even liis own children ; but it does not' cut him off from everything." "You are perhaps right. Yet — well, 1 know nothing. So the old man's mind was overthrown by the great shock of a double loss. Strange that they never told me! And his sou, my grandfather, committed suicide. And his sister's husband beoume a . bankrupt." "Yes; there. are misfortunes enough. The old ! woman 'is ne'vor tired of harping on the family misfortunes. The second son was drowned, . lie was a sailor, and was drown ed. My father, was never anything better than a small clerk. I've known, myself, V.hat it is to want the price of a dinner. If you -want to know what misfortune is .like wait till you're hungry." ZIJU1.1.U MbUHUiU Ibj/lltUf bUUU(flltlUUJi "And all these troubles are new to me. Strange 'that they should be told me on this very day!" ; "Then there's your own father. He died young, too, and the last case that the old woman talks about is your father's brother — I. forgot his name— they packed him off to Australia after he had forged your father's name." . "What?" "Forged. That's a pretty word to use, isu't it? Yes, siv, there are misfortunes enough." He got lip. "Well, the point is, will you come'and see the old woman?" ' "Yes. I will call. upon licr. When shall :I find her at home?" . "She lies down on the sofa beside the fire every afternoon from 2 to 4 or half-past 4, then Wilkes up refreshed and able to talk. Come about half-past 4. It's the back par lor; Hie front is my office, and my clerk— I have only one as yet — works in , the room over the kitchen— the gal's bedroom it is, as, a. rule. It is a most respectable hqusfy.witVi, iiiy likinc on a door plate, so you 'can't 'miss, it." "I xvill 'cull .to-morrow, then." "There is one thing more, Mr. Campaigne. We have not thrust ourselves forward or tried to lorce ourselves on tlie liiniuy, and we shall not, sir, we shall not. Wo live G miles, apart, and we have our own friends, and my friends arc not yours. Still, in a business way, there, is a question which I should like to ask. It is a business ques tion." . The man's face became suddenly foxy. Leonard was on his guard instinctively. "If it has to do with the Campaigne es tates, I have nothing whatever to say. Would' it not be well to go to the lawyers who manage tlie estate?" "No.. They would not tell me anything. What I want to know is tiiis. lie has, I believe, a, large estate?" ' . "He has, I believe. But lie has no power to part with any portion of it." ' "The estate produces rents, I suppose?" . "That is no doubt the case." \- "Well,. for 70 years the old man has spent nothing. There must be accumulations. In case of no will these accumulations would be divided equally between your grand father's heirs and my grandmother. Do you know of anv will, if I may be so bold as to ask?" ........ "I know nothing of any wil'i." "It is most- unlikely that there should be any will; A man who has been off his head for nearly 70 years can hardly leave a will.- If lie did, one could easily set it aside. Mr. Campaignc, it is on the cards that there may be enormous accumulations. In which case, it is possible—! say possible— that my sister and I may become rich — very rich — I hardly dare to put the possibility upon my self—but there must be — there' must be— ac cumulations, and tlie question which 1 would put to you, sir, is this. Where are those .accumulations invested? And can a man 'find out . what tliey amount to — what -they are: worth — who draws the divi dends — how are they applied— nnd is. there a will? WaB >t made before or after the old man went off his chump? And if the money is left out of the family whether you, sir, as the hend'of the family, would take steps to set aside that will? Those are my questions, Mr. Campaigne." He threw himself back again in the chair and stuck his thumbs in his waistcoat armholcs. "These are very important questions," said Leonard. "As a lawyer, you must he aware that I cannot give you any aiioiici. As to the administration of tlie property I believe I have no right to asjc the law yers and agents any questions. Wo must assume that the owner of tlie estate is in his right mind. As for producing a will, we must wait till u will is produced." "Sir," the cousin leaned over his knees and whispered hoarsely— "Sir, the accumu lations must be a million and a half. I worsen it ill! out myseii wini an artcn- metio book. It meant hundreds of sums— I did 'em all, one after tlie other. 1 ' thought I should never get to the end. Hun dreds of sums at compound interest, and it tots up to a million and a half — a million and a half! Think of that! Sir, this money must not be suffered to go out of the fam ily. It must not. It would be sinful— sin ful. We look to you to protect the rights of the family." Leonard laughed. "I fear I have no power to help you in this respect. Good night. I hope to call upon you to-morrow afternoon." He shut the door upon his visitor. He heard liis feet going down the stairs; he re turned to his empty room. It was no longer empty. The man had peopled it with ghosts, all of whom he had brought with him. Little by little; not all at once, he made them out. There was the old man— young again — staggering under the weight of a double be reavement—wife and best friend, in the same day. There was his own grandfather killing himself— why? The young sailor going out to be drowned ; his own father dy- 'ing young; the returned colonial— the pros perous gentleman, who, before going out, had forged his brother's name. Forged! forged! The word rang in his brain. There was the daughter of the house — deserted by the house,- married' into such a- family as Air. Galley represented— were....not. these ghosts enough to bring into. a quiet gentle man's flat? Yes, he had been brought up in ignorance of these things. He knew nothing of the cause of the old man's seclusion; not the reason of his grandfather's curly death; not any of those other misfortunes. He had been kept in ignorance of all. And now all theke things were roughly exploded upon his unsuspecting head: He sat down before the fire; he worked at tlie "Subject" no more that night. For lie remembered the strange warnings of Constance — that lie wanted something of misfortune, sucli as harassed the rest of tlie world, in order, to. -bring liim down to a level with the men and the women .around him. "I have got that something," lie said; "poor relations, family scandals, and humi liations and all. But so fur I feel no bet ter." CHARTER IV.— A LEARNED: PROFES SION. In one of the streets lying east of Chun-: eery-lane is a block of buildings compara tively new, let out as offices. They gener ally consist of 3 rooms, but sometimes there are 4, 5 or even 6. The geographical posi tion of the block indicates the character of the occupants — docs not every stone in Chancery-lane and her daughters belong to the lav.-? Sometimes, .however, there are exceptions. A few trading companies arc established here, for instance. And occa sionally one finds written across the door such an announcement as "Mr. George Crediton,- Agent." The- clerks and people who pass up and down the stairs every day sometimes, asic eacn oincr wnat itinu ot agency was undertaken in this office.' But the clerks had their own affairs to think' about; such a mystery as a business con ducted in a quiet office to which no clients ever come is a mutter of speculation for a while, hut soon ceases to excite any atten tion. Some 20 years and more had passed since that name hud first appeared on the door, and since the clerks began to won der. "Mr. George Crediton, Agent." There are many kinds of agent. Land,' houses,- property, of all kinds may he manuged by an agent; there arc. agents for taking out patents — several of these run offices near tlie Patent Office; there arc literary agents — hut Chnncery-lane is not Parnassus;;- there are agents for the creation and -the dissolution of partnerships; there are' theatrical agents— hut what has -Lowland to do with soelt and buskin? '.' - " ' Mr. George Crediton, Agent, sat in. his. inner office, ' The room was .furnished- simply, with a view, to work. The large and ponderous table, covered With papers so dear to the; solicitor, was not to he seen here; in its -place was an ordinary study table. This was turned at an angle to the' wall and window; there was a warm and; handsome carpet, a slieep skin under , the- table, a wooden chair for the agent, and two others, for liis visitors. The walls were covered with hooks; not law hooks, hut a miscellaneous collection. The . agent was' ap parently a man who revelled in fight rend ing; for, in fact, nil tlie modern humorists ..w.w wiwnu uin .AnitjiiL'ii as wen as those of our own production. There was nlso a collection of the English poets; and some, hut not many, of France and Ger many. On a table before him stood half a dozen bound folios with the tiltes on their back— "Reference A— E," and so on. Iu one corner stood an open safe to which ap parently belonged another folio, entitled 'Ledger." The agent engaged upon his work aimed at an appearance of the gravest responsibil ity. His face was decorated by a pair of small whiskers cut straight down and set hack, the chin and lips were smooth .shaven! Evidently the model set before, himself was the conventional face of the barrister. Un fortunately the attempt was riot successful; for the face was not in the least like that conventional type. It had no severity, it had no keenness, it was not set or grave, or dignified. It might linvc been .the face of a light comedian. In figure the man was over .six feet and curiously thin, with a slightly aquiline nose and .. rnobUe., sensitive, Jips ... ' Hie began his movhTng's' wtork by opening his letters. There were only two or three. He referred to his ledger and consulted cer tain entries, he made, a few pencil notes. Then he took down from one shelf. Stun uinn,atwuiuil IIOIU UUU Hum XWaill, 11I1U from another a collection of Burnand's works and one or two of Frederick Anstey's: He turned over the pages and began to make brief extracts and more notes. Perhaps, then, a bystander might have thought, ho was about to write a paper on the compara tive characteristics of English and Ameri can humor. Outside, his boy— he hnd a clerk of four teen, at five shillings a week — sat before the lire, reading the jests and achievements of the heroic Jack Hnrkaway. He was a nice boy, full of imagination, resolved on becom ing another Jack I-Iarkawny when tlie time should arrive,' and for the moment truly grateful to Fortune for providing him with a situation which demanded no work except to post letters, and to sit before, the fire reading. .When Mr. George Crediton . had .finished making his extracts he pinned the papers together methodically and laid thorn on one side. Then lie opened the lust letter. "He's an swered," he chuckled. "Fred's handwriting. 1 knew it. 4 anew it. Galled mmsell Bar low. But I knew'it directly. Oh, he'll corirc, he'll come." He sat down and laughed silently, . shak ing the room with his -chuckling. "He'll come.- Won't he be astonished!" . Presently lie heard a step and a voice: "I want to see Mr. George Crediton." "That's Fred, ".said the agent, chuckling again. "Now for it." "There's nobody with him," tlie hoy re plied, not venturing to commit himself and unaccustomed to the arrival of strangers. ,Thc caller was a tall man of about 45/ well set up and strongly built. He was dressed with the appearance of prosperity, therefore he carried a large gold chain. His face bore the murks which wc are accus tomed to associate witli certain indulgen ces, especially in strong drink". It is. need less to dwell upon these evidences of frailty; besides, one may easily be mistaken. It was a kind of fnce which might he met with in a snug bur parlor with a pipe and a glass of something hot; a handsome face, but not intellectual or refined. Y"et' it ought to have been both. . In spite of broadcloth and, white linen the' appearance of this, gen tleman hardly extorted the immediate re spect of the beholder. "Tell Mr. Crediton that Mr.' Joseph Bar low is outside." "Barlow?" said the boy, "why don't you go in then?" nnd turned over now to his hook of adventures. Mr. Barlow obeyed and passed into the inner office. Then lie stopped shprt and cried, "Christopher, by all that's holy!" The agent lay back in his chair and laugh- ed aloud. "Fred," he cried, "I knew I should aston ish you. When- you wrote to mo I 'knew your writing, arid asked you to call. Con fess that you are astonished to find me here." "Why, to be sure. What in. thunder does this mean?" "How long have you been in London? Why have you not found me out? And why Barlow? Why Joseph Bavlow? What game are you up to now, Joseph Barlow?" "I've been in London a fortnight. I came over on business. Barlow is ray business name — name of the firm. I intended to look up the family — perhaps— some timeor other. After 23 years of cold shoulder one is not over anxious to renew the family tie. Be sides, one does not always know the kind of reception which will be accorded. - There was a cloud— a devil of a cloud. You re member, Chris? But wftat's the meaning of all this? You used to be a barrister. Yes. Well?" "So I am. That's the fun of it. I knew you'd laugh. So I ventured to tell you. Mind, at home they all think I've got a roar ing practice at the bar. And 1 haven't. Not one single solitary case ever .came to me. If it had come I could not have taken it. Because, you see, I never read a line of law." His brother took a chair and sat down on the opposite side of the table. Then the .humor of the situation s<S»ed him, nnd lie, too, began to laugh. Thep both laughed. "Lord!" ci'ied Christopher, wiping liis eyes. "It's like the old tin»a when we, used to laugh; what a lot we fad to laugh, at! The creditors and thy dh«l»— ''on remem ber?" "I do. And the girls- -snd tl\e suppers. They were good old times, Chris. You are much worse than ever 1 wns, hut I got all tlie hlnnic." "You did — you did. I couldn't alter that, could I?" "I don't know, and it's too long ago to inquire. Well, I'm thirsty." "You always are." His brother remem bered this agreeable trait after fivc-aud- twenty years. lie got up, opened a cup board,' and took out a bottle nnd glasses and sonic sodawntcr. Then they sat opposite each other ivith the early tumbler and the morning cigar, beaming witli fraternal affection. "Like old times, old man," said the barris ter. "ft is. We'll have many more old times," said Fred, "now that I'm home again." In the words of the poet, "Alas! they had been friends in youth," as well as brothers. And it might. have been better had tliey not been friends in youth. And tliey had heard the midnight chimes together. And they had, together, wasted each his slender patri mony. But now tliey talked friendly over the sympathetic drink that survives the possibility of port and champagne and even ciarct. "Don't lliey suspect — any of .-"tliaril ?" asked Brother Fred. "None of them. They think I have a guished lawyer awl the pride of the family — next to Leonard, who's in the House." "Isn't there -u danger, of being found out?" . . . " . "Not a bit. The business- is conducted, by letter. I might as well have no office lit all, except for the look of it. No, there's no fear. Nobody ever comes ) here. ' How did you find me out?" "Hotel clerk. Ho saw my name us a speaker at the dinner to-morrow, and sug gested that I should write to you." "Good. Tie gets 'a commission. I/say— you must come and see us, you know. . Re member— no allusions to the Complete Speech. Maker — eh?" ' "Not a' word: Though, I say, -it beats mo how you. came to think of it." ' , . "Genius, my boy — pure genius. When you get your speech you will be proud of mc. What's a practice at the bar compared with a practice at the after-dinner .table?' But, . Fred, why Barlow?" "Well— you remember what happened?" His brother .nodded arid' dropped his eyes. "Absurd fuss tliey mtide." "Nobody' -has heard anything' about you for five and twenty yhars." took another, panie-n , fighting. nnnte, Barlow,. I .called; myself;'. Joseph Barlow. Joe— there's tight in t ho very name. . No sympathy — no weakness — about Joe." ; "Yes. I took Crediton. Respectability rather than aggressiveness in that name. Confidence' was what I wanted." .. "Tell me about the family. Remember ll.nl- 11 ,tri,a In IS74 Hint T WPTlt llWUV twenty-five years ago." His brother gave'liim briefly ah account of the births and deaths. liiB mother was dead, his elder brother was dead, leaving an only son. "As for Algernon's death," said the speech merchant, "it was a great blow. He was really going to' distinguish himself.- And he died— died at; thirty-two. His son is in the House. They say he pro mises well. He's a scholar, I. believe; he can speak; he's more than a bit of a prig." -."And about the old man—the ancient one — is lib living?" "Yes. lie is nearly ninety-five." : "Ninety-five. He can't last much .longer,. I came home partly to look after, things. Because, although the' estate goes to Alger non's. son— deuced bad luck for me' that Algernon did have a son — there's the ac cumulations, I remembered them one even ing out there — arid the thought. , went through me- like a knife that he' was prob ably dead, 'and the accumulations divided, rind my' sliure gone. .- So I bundled- home as fast as-I could." "No — so far you are all right. For lie's' hearty and strong, and the accumulations are still' rolling up, I suppose." .'.'I spq. Well; I must make the acquain- tance' of Algernon s son. And now tell mo about this astonishing profession of yours." The Professor smiled. "Fortunately," lie said, "I am 'alone. Were there any competi tion—but I don't know — my reputation by this time stands on too firm a basis to ho shuken." "Your- reputation? But people cannot talk about you." "Tliey cannot. They may whisper; whis per to each other. AYhy, just consider the convenience. Instead of having to rack their brains for. compliments and pretty' .things and not to find them, instead of hunting for anecdotes and quotations, tliey just send to mc. Tliey get, in return, a speech just as long as they want — from five minutes to half an hour — full of good things! In this way tliey are able to get for next to noth ing the reputation of wit and epigram and sparklcB. Then, think of the company at the dinner. Instead of having to listen to a fumbler and a stammerer and a. clumsy boggier, they have before them a speaker easy in his mind, bccnusc he has. learned it nil bv heart: brierht. enierammatic.' He keens them nil alive, and when he sits down there is a. sigli to think that his speech, was so short." . "You must' give me just sucli a speech." "I will— I will. Then, when a man has once delivered himself of a good speech, lie is nsked to speak again; lie must keep it up; so lie sends to me again. Look here — " lie laid his hands upon a little pile of let ters— "here' are yesterday's and to-day's let ters." He took them up nnd played with tlieni as with u puck of cards. "This .wants a reply for'the Army. This is a return for Literature. This is a reply for the House of Commons.. The Ladies, the American Re public, Science, the Colonics— See?" "And .the pay?" "The pay, Fred, corresponds to the privi lege conferred.. "1 make orators.' They are grateful. As for yom'self now.". "Mine is a reply for Australia. The din ner is on Friday— at the Hotel Cecil. Din ner of Colonial Enterprise." ' "Really!" the agent smiled and rubbed liis builds, "this is indeed gratifying. Be cause, Fred— of course you are as secret as death— I may tell you that this request of yours completes the toast list for tlie even ing. The speeches will be all— all.-, my own —all provided by the agent. But the plums, my brother, the real plums,- shall be stuffed iri yours. 1 will make it the speech' of: the evening. Mr. Barlow— Barlow— Barlow of -New South- Wales." (To he Continued.) 