IN THE STILLY NIGHT: OR A PARTNERSHIP IN BURGLARY. By Paul Carson. I had tried hours to got to sleep and had failed. The steady dropping of rain from a leaking waterspout and the slamming of a blind proved too much for my nerves and at length, with an impatient exclamation, T got. up, lit the gas, mid sat down to rend till sleep or morning came, it did not matter which. Of course I was nervous, and with out reason, so far ns I knew ; being a tem perate man with a clear epnseivnco* The aggravating blind still banged at intervals, and at length I threw down nfy book say ing— . ' “I’ll stop that noise, anyhow," X opened my bedroom door, which led into tlie upper hall, and was mot by a rush of cool air. I stopped. I was alone, in the house ; my family were in thd mountains, and the servants taking a vacation, I only stayed there at night. The draught eamc from an open window at the end of the hall, and I had sense enough to know that there was a burglar,’ and vojry likely several of them, on the premises, 1 turned hack, se cured a revolver, ami put out the light, not caring to be too plain a target for other persons' bullets. Then T softly stepped into the hall. There was no sound in the great house, and the darkness was jsvsitivelv uncanny I hesitated as to which way to turn, hut decided to visit the hover floor first. Qn ot.lv I made my way to the dining-room : dark ness and silence. I crossed the hall to the parlor-nothing (here. 1 turned to the li brary at the end of the hall, the door of which stood open t there had been fire ;n the grate earlier in the evening, the night being unseasonably chilly, and 'the coals were still glowing, M3 b’g armchair stood beside the hearth, and in ‘the,dim light T could sec that <l was wcupied by a woman. Dumb with surprise, and with ghost stories flittering through my mind, I hastily struck a match and turned on the chande lier above my head, that I might see of what material my visitin’ was made. She made m movement when the room was Hooded with light, nor yet when I faced her. She was rather young, very handsome, clad in a loose wrapper-like arrangement, a night rolm possibly, and her big brown eyes look ing straight into mine. But those eyes saw nothing ; the lady was fast asleep. Here was a situation I My guest was a somnam bulist. of course, and had come from some house in the neighborhood by a' roud known 01113’ 1° eats and sleep-walkers. She had raised the hall window, which opened upon a little balcony, made her way to the library, perhaps unconsciously attracted by the fire, and there she sat. The rain drove against the windows, and I wondered that her cloth ing was not wet, hut concluded that her home was not far distant, and that she. had been sitting by the lire long enough to be come dry,'' ' ‘Til have to awaken her," I said aloud, “but I’ll wait a little and see if she doesn’t take the job off my hands.” I thought m 3* voice would have the de sired effect, but it did not and cross ng Ibo room I sat down at my desk, still facing the sleeper. To tell t he Iruth, X sat down sud denly uptm reaching the desk, because I had not strength to stand, so abruptly was I made aware of the peril which menaced me. On the opposite side of the librar}*, behind the woman s chair, ws a curtained alcove, with one window opening upon the street. M 3' safe stood in this alcove, the curtains were drawn, and between them gleamed the barrel of a revolver. I had read of Maggie Bragg and her hus band, two of the. most daring burglars in the country. They always worked together, and never had am* partners, and mv house was their latest j>oint of attack. The lady was not asleep ; she wasn’t even sleeps*. X had com© upon them so noiselcssty, and turned on the light so quickty, that she had only time to take a somnambulist’s pose, while the man in tho alcove dropped the cur tains and waited developments. I remem ber a hissing sound that had swept through the room as I crossed the threshold, which I had taken to be some freak of wind and min. It was Maggie giving the danger sig nal. I felt tho revolver in my pocket, but the lioibt played along that bit of steel between tho curtains, and I was well aware that the other man had the "drop’’ upon me. I heartily wished I had stayed in my room with the door looked, 1 not being fond of fi guring in a murder case, and then I would have had a chance for my life. dim Bragg thought the safe held five thousand dollars, which in some way he had learned ttiat I had drawn from tho hank the previous afternoon in order to meet a note which should have been presented, hut which had been delayed in the mail. He was mistaken, however, tho money, along with the rest of our valu ables, was in the hank, I met the cashier on tho street early in the evening, and in duced him to go to the bank with mo and let me place the money in my safe deposit hoc. My lady moved slight!}*, I bent forward eagerly. Presently she lifted her head as if*poitly dazed, then her arms were thrown up and a wailing cry broke the silence. “Where, oh, where am X ?” She would Itfrvo made a capital actress if she had not chosen to- be a burglaress, I advanced-at once, I knew that revolver still covered me, but I also hod a part to play “Do not T»c alarmed, madam ; I see you are a sleepwalker. Your home must be near here. I have been waiting for you to waken, fearing to rouse you too suddenly.” Rising gracefully, with an embarrassed laugh, she said: ‘What, an awkward situation! I have walked in rn.v sloop all my life, but never did anything like this before. I fear I must trouble some of tho ladies of your family for a cloak or something suitable for street wear, and if one of your servants would see j me home I would be grateful.” ‘Whcrp do you live?” I said. ' . j “At seven fifteen .Spruce street.” j “Tliat is three blocks from here ; bow d ; d j you ever come so far without waking?” Or I getting wet, I could have added, but thought it unwise. “That is a mystery known only to som nambulists, she replied. “But.” a trifle immtientty*, “I am detaining 3*011.” That was a bint to go after the suitable street dress of which she had spoken and in-! ddentally give her a chance to get away. “I regret to say,” I rejoined, “that we arc entirely alone in the house ; my family is £wa-r for the summer, and as my wife has her keys with her, there is nothing I can offer 'you in tho way of clothing ; you must let mo go to 3'our residence and bring wraps.” I had reflected that X might just as well admit that we were alone, fov my visitors were perfectly aware of th© facts before they entered the house. She sat down again, ”How unfortunate 1 I do so dislike to trouble you, but there scorns to be no other way. I shall he under a thousand obliga tions ; you will find mv brother at home ; please have him come after me.” Bho certainty was a most artistic liar. My eyes carelessly swept over the alcove cur tains ; I could no longer see tho revolver, and felt sure that the man in the* ease, con fident that the woman would be more.than a match for me, had dropped out of the win dow and gone,, which afterwards proved to ho true. 1 did not want to lose both burg lars, but dared moke no hostile movements, but being certain that my diagnosis of the si tuation in the alcove was correct. I lin gered, however, for if the alarm was working help was nearly due. “How can 3-011 go out in such a storm?” X said. "You and your brother had better remain my guests till morning ; it won’t he many horns.” “Oh, I don’t mind rain if X have a mack intosh’; it its lucky,” glancing down nt her robe, which was a little damp'around (he bottom, "that it was not raining w hen I left home.” ' . Again I thought it unwise to call atten tion to the (not that when X left the library nt 11 it was raining pitchforks. L nable to find excuse for further delay, I passed out, turning aa I opened the door to find that she had again risen to her feet and was watch ing me. “You are not afriad to X>e left alone?” I asked, “Afraid!” And the brown e)*es shot me a glance that marie me wince*; then, recollect ing herself, "That k —l won't, bo afraid if you will hurry.'' The front door was unlocked. Jim had evident I\\* elimX»ed in at the window and let his w.fe iu at ■ the door. Two policemen were coming up the step, and two more stood under the alcove window. “You’ve lost Jim Bragg," I said, “hut his wife is in the library,” .She wasn’t though. Wo rushed to the open window, into which the rain was beat ing, and then remembered that she would pot have escaped that way because the po licemen would have seen her ; she could not have left by tho library door, because I had not taken m3 T e} T ca off it,' and must therefore bo concealed in the room. We searched enrefulty—l remember looking in a big vase that would have sheltered a cat with a little crowding-—hut we found nothing. Two years later the enterprising couple were caught in nr attempt to rob the same hank that held my valuables that wet night. It was a brazen daylight atfair. The woman engaged the cashier’s attention while Jim deftly out the screen between himself and several piles of bank notes, grabbed what Ik* could reach, nhd run. l 4 Vrl.imatety the cashier was vip to the times, and a well a’nied shot from his revolver brought the fleeing robber to the ground. Citizens came to the cashier’s hid, and Maggie, who had promptly’taken-part in the general fusilade, was disarmed before doing any damage. I was curious to know how Maggie es caped us that night, and in company with olio of the policemen who figured in the affair, I’ weld down ( o the gaol to see if she would tell mo. The lady was not as hand some as when she sat in the library in the role of a somnambulist, hut she was just as full of grit. They had had "reverses,” she explained. In other words, the police w«.re after them so closely that they had been nidged to keep away from the city, and bad made no rich lianls. "I believe 3*oll hoodooed us,” she said, bitterly ; "we haven't had a hit of hick since that night, and we didn't get anything then.” • “Did 3*oll always dress in that costume when you wont out on business?" I in quired. She laughed. “Often. The somnambulist act had to he carried out in costume, you know. I have p’ayed it repeatedly in Eurojx?, hut that was the first time here.” (“How on.‘earth did 3*oll keep from getting wet in that storm V "Big pocket under my dress, mackintosh in it and all that, 3*oll know.” "But how did you get away ?” "fact's see; will I need that trick again? No, X guess not. I’ll toll you. I couldn’t have hidden from a schoolboy that wav, hut. policemen are different. When yon swung the library door open, I flattened against the wall behind it, thinking that 3*oll would all make for tho window, as you did. Before you hirned round I was out the door flying down the- back stair-wa}*. I ran out the kitchen door, Jim waiting for me in ific alley, and wo were miles away by daylight. It was dead cas}*.” They arc both in the penitentiary now, and Jim doesn’t know that my courtesy to his wife that night was entirety due to a re volver between the alcove curtain. 