ALL'S WELL TllT ENDS3 WELL ouvcER IV (eOOsrNUED). "TnEN the old woman-~Woa I stand still, will you ?" he cried to his horse, which had made such a sudden bound, owing to the emphatic switchl given to it by its rider, that Fred was nearly unseated. "I say, it's too bad Raohel I The old woman must have burked that letter I" "Was one to be sent to me ?" said Erio, rather eagerly. " Of eourse. I insisted upon it, and said that my frienoud Erio Melton should oome, and made Laura go out of the room orying, while Raohel wrote the note." Erie's lip quivered a little, but he remained very firm. "Thoen the old lady stormed, and kicked nop no end of a shine." "Fred, don't use so mush slang I" cried Rachel reprovingly. " Shall if I like, Mrs. Prude I" heo retorted. "I'm out of temper; end, as one oain't say what yeou call hard words before ladies, surely one may indulge in a bit of slang ? I'veaongood mind to toll you what she said." "No, no l" cried iRachel imploringly. " Fred, have some proper feeling I" "I've lots," said Fled, mali ciously. "But I shall spoeak out, so that Erio may judge for himself how the land lies. Ahb I here tohey some bask I" As he spoke, Lady Eldoreourt's carriage, whiolhad beonnp to Hyde Park Corner, had turned in the rank, and was slowly approaohing. "Then, dearest mamma," said Fred, bitterly, as the carriage same on, " you said I wanted to encourage a beggar to hang about the place after my sister I" Riohol glanced at Erie, but his faoo was like stone. "And that," continued Fred, "I wanted to see her starving in a garret I And you said that I was no better thau an idiot; and that what I called proper, honourable fooling was all nosenase I You said all that, dear mamma; and I said, in reply, that my friend Erio Molton was a thoroughl English gentleman, and worth ton thousand skipping, frog-eating, daudi fled Frefeoh counts; and that I'd have my friend to the party, or turn the house out of windows; didn't I, dear mamma ?" he said, as Lady Elderas court spoke to the visoount, who pokod-tho coachman in the back with a gold- mounted sane, and the ocarringe stopped exactly opposite to the little group. "Ab, Mr. Melton Il" said Lady Eldersoourt, smiling sweeotly. "So charmed to see you I How is the viscount ?-and how is your brother ?" She held out a delicatoly-gloved hand as she spoke, whiob, with a half. laugh, Erie just touched, and then bowed to Laura, who was deadly pale. "Quite well, Lady Eldersoourt," he said, quite coolly. "How do ?" he added, with a short nod to thoFronoh. man. "Delighted to ses youe again I" said the Frenchman. "Have you any matches on ?" Erio turned upon him a momentary stare of indignation at the imper tinenoe of the Fronohman's national idea that the young English gentle man was a professional athlete; and then the aunoyaneoo passed away, and he laughed in so contemptuous a ; manner tlhat his rival writhod and sought for some bitter sarcasm to utter, bat could not find one to his handiaso folded his arms acnoross his oheset, throwing himself baok in the baronouho so violently that he struock his hat against the coachman's over coat, which was neatly buttoned and hanging over the box. The result weas that he tilted his hat over his eyes, made the back very rough, and muttered the one word, "malodiotion l" This he repeated the moment after, as he saw Fred un mistakably laughing at him. "We've seen so little of youlately," said bher ladyship, smiling sweetly. "By the way, we have a little party to-morrow evening. It's hardly worth asking you to, but will you come ?" It was on Erie's lips to say no, for he was well anare that it was aninvi tation made on purpose to disarm him. Somothing, however, seemed to impel him to accenopt; and, almost before he Itnow it, he osaid, " Thankls, Lady Eldersoourt; perhaps I shall drop in." He gave one gloaue at Laura, and she seemed palor than over; but she uttered a few common-places about the weather and the like. Thou Lady Elderseoourt smiled again, deoolaroed that she was so glad, and the earrings droveo on, wi th te visoount's hat ele vated high above his head in return to Erie's stiff salute. "I.rnowv what you are thinking, old mau," said IFred, as hlo saw Eric gazing after the retreating carriage., "Do you ?" said Erio, simply. "Yes; you wore thinking howe you would like to lick that wrotchled little Frenhuobman." "Fred," exclaimed lrehel slharply, " what is the use of making a trouble worse ?" " He was wrong," said Eric quietly, as a pleasant smile beamed forth from his frank oountoeance, and le stood patting the noeck of the pretty mare SRachel was riding. " Then what were you thinking? Come," cried Fred, "penny for your thouglhts--there." "Pay up," said Erie, smiling. "I'm a beggarly youngcr soin now, and going to live in a garret." "Oh, don't talk liho that lI" oried Rnaool. "Mr. Melton, you must treat it all in a manly spirit." "I will, my dear," said Eric, pat tiang her little lhand, while Fred seri. ously searcheod his poekets, and theon sat with the reius under one leg, the riding-whip under the other, staring at first one and then the othlor. " Well I for a worshipper of Mam mon," he said, "I'm certainly with out an idol, for hang me if I've a single coin of any hind. But I say, old'follow, none of that, you kuow. I'm not going to stand still and be iobbed. She belongs to me." " Indced I" said Raohol, laughing, set with the warm blood mounting to kor cheeks. "' Well I you're going to, I hope," eaii Fredl; " and if Erio Melton will leave your little hands alone, I ehall be mueh obliged." "Don't bo alarmed, Fred," sail1 Erio, with a sad expresoion of oountonanoo. "I am made of the wrong kind of stuff to play witlh any womanu'a heart. Come, I'm off," he added, gaily. "Good-bye I" "But you'll come to-morrow night?" said Fred. "1No-no," he seaid, in an undo olded way. Then sharply, as if a thoughtl had struok him, " Well, yes, I will; juet to show you all," he said, "that I am not going to break my heart about a lapsed love affair." Ho strode off, and the horses were put in motion. "He feels more deeooply than we thinkl for," said Raclhel. "Yes, hlo's hit-bad I" said Fred; " but, por old Loy, he'll got over it. If I had boon Laura, thongh, I'd have stock to him, instead of giving him up. Shlo's a poor coward." "I don't know," said Eashol. " Wait a bit. We shall see." CHAPTER V. Lady Elderecourt'e party was no small and trivial affair, but the grandest she had given for years, for it was in honor of the viscount, and a brilliant assemblage was at the pretty gardens, which Edgington and Doerries had turned into quite a fairyland of tents and lamps, whoso glowworm like lustre shone amidst tile beds and leafy boskago; while, when the mili tary band that had been engaged, with one of the Godfreys to conduct, struck up its sweetest strains, the river was soon studded with boats, whoso ooon pants wer le t uninvited guests of tbo lat f'esco fie. Everything was managed to perfeo tion, and carriages thronged the pretty Fulham lane for hours ; but Sir James Elderaoourt did not eem to enjoy it mush, wandering off into the darlkest parts of the garden, and smoking oigars where he was not likely to bhe interrupted; afterwards sneaking into one of the tenouts, and asking, in a bashful manner, to be supplied by one of the important-looking waitors with a gleass of olaret cop, and evidently feeooling quite pleased that he was allowed to partake of the feast. Lady Eldorsoourt did not hide her light, though, under a bushel, for she was to the front, " so glad," and " so charmed," and " so delighted " to see everybody ohe received. She even gaveErioltho tipsofhorfingers, and was more than pleased with his behaviour to Laura, whom he saluted in a light, oavalior manner that out the poor girl to the heart, and then went off to chat with Rahol. "He's a much more sensible man than I took him for," said her lady ship to her daughter in a pause of receiving fresh guests. "You sea now for yourself that he did not ocare a pin about you. In fast, I'm quite sure that he is malking up to Raohel, and I shall haye to stop it I" "Oh, mamma I" sighed Laura. "Now, look here I Onoo for all," excolaimed her ladyship, "I insist upon, and I will have, more courtesy on your part towards the viscount. Hero are you about to makne one of the most brilliant matobeos of the season, and you go about like a ghost." "I cannot lhelp it, mamma," said Laura. "Oannot ? You must help it l" oriod her ladyship. "Hore is all fashionable London coming down to night to congratulate you, and you half seem to avoid the viscount." " Oh, mamma I" oried Laura, "I oan never love that man." ' tufflI" exclaimed her ladyship, pi?cohing her child's arm in a part where the bruise was not likely to mnarkl-rather a puzzle for her in those decolettelro times. " Who asked you 'to love that man,' as yenou call it ? You will make him a very good wife indeed, and it is a most brilliant matoh; and, now, what more do you want ? There, go along; the visoount is coming to meet you. And here are the lloLeaye and the Santander family-great Portoguese people, and friends of the viscount." " Somothing to love-something to level" Laura's heart seemed to beat in answer to her mother's qtostion, as shie slowly glided away; aund'for the next two hours her time was fully oeonpied in replying to the many quiot oengratulatory remarks ad dressed to her, while the visoseunt was declared on all sides, by the more fashionable people, to be the perfeo tion of polish, and a model of what 'Parisiau society could really turn out. But beautiful as \was the frte, ad mirable as were the arrangements, and abuodant as were tihe refresh. mouts, thlere existed a difference of opinion even hero. For there wore a good many young men inviteld, classed together by her ladyalip as "Frod'es lot "-friends in faot that he kneow at hIis club; and these gentry did not scruplo to tell Fred that the French man was not perfcotion. " Rlguhir cad, don't you know?-" said one. "Dreses like a tailor's dummy, dear boy," said anotlher. "Awfully bad form, Froddy," came from antother direction. " Too bad of that old lady to throw over Erio lelton for that counter skipper," said another of the group, discussing the sitouation. " I'd sooner mawwy one of the waitaws," exclhimed one, who was quite an exquisite. " Look hero, Fred, dear boy," ex olaimed one, who had not yet spoken; " strikes me that h'e' a Leicester Square noble-exile, you know, with a living made out of billiards and a sham title." " Now, look hero, old fellows," oriod Fred, addreseing them ; "don't bay at a follow like a set of busckhlbounds at a royal forest moot.- I can't help it. It isn't by my conseont the man's asked here. But.hark yo; you're all wrong abbout him. His title's real, and he has lots of coin." "How do you know?" said the exquisite of the parsty. " Strikes mo he's a swindler." "Babh t" cried Fred. "There isn't a swindler in town who could do my lady thus." "Bat have you looked out for your self ?" said one of the party,. "Not I," oried Freda. "Ho's all right as far as money and title go. The old lady knowo what he's worth to a euon or a contime, boless her. But now, look hero; just down that turn ing there's a kiosk--quite a onag, dark plaeoo, with plenty of olaret and soda, end uoltzer, and brandy, and hook. I made one of tho fellows take down a box of the governor'a best oigars too, so come and lot' makeo the best of it." " Ah I" enid one of the party, "now you are talking sonse." And the party walked down the path through a dense shirabbory, away from the brilliant lighte and the marque. "Why " the lamps are all gone out," said Fred. "Hallol I who was that ?" Lior at that moment a female figure broushed quickly by them and was gone. " Well, it looked to me like your sister," said the exquisite. " Couldn't have been," said Fred. " Sheo' in tile upper tent with the big nobs, bless 'em I Oh I esy, boys, some of these foreign notables are a set. That girl must have been one of the maids." "Doosed well dressed if she wae," said the exquoisit. "Hallo I who's that?" "One of, the whiters," said Fred. " Here, you sir I bring a light down-to this kiosk, will you ? Oh I he's off. Never mind; I've got some eigar lights, so we shan't hurt. Lot me go first. That accounts for the lady, eh; boys ?" There was a chorus of laughter at this, and Fred led the way in; bit only to stop at a certain turn face to face with his father. "Hallo, dad 1" he exolaimed; "you hero ?" "Yes, Fred," said Sir James. "Quiet cigar in the kiosk down there." " Oh I come, I say, gav'nor 1" oried Fred, " I pot that box down there for private use." " I haven't smoked them all, Frod," said the old gentleman, seriously. "But did you moot one of the waiters ?" he said, in a whiepor. "I met someone just now, who dodged off through the shrubbery, and I think it was one of the waiters." " Anyone else ?" he whispered. "Yes; a woman."' " Who was it ?" he said, taking his son by the button-hole. " One of the maids, I suppose," re plied Fred. " But no tricks, gnv'nor; I want to give these fellows some hook and sellzer." "One minute, Fred," said Sir James. "It wasn't Laura, was it ?" "No, of coarso not; she's along with Fragrance in the supper-tent." "Are you sure ?" " Certain," said Fred. "By the way, she did look like Laury; one of the fellows here thought so too." " Urn, yes I" said Sir James; and, pulling away at hie( cigar, he walked slowly towards the wall by the river, and stood thoughtfully gazing at the dimly-seen boats, and wondering whether thie occpants were .more happy than he. Five minutes later Eric and Rachel strolled by together, and Sir James repined again as he thought of the broken-off match, and what changes the sooial kaleidoscope of fashion coald produce. CHAPTER VI. It was only. a short time before that, as has been intimated, Sir James had strolled away from where his lady had collooted a number of the guests into the great marquoo to partake of sup per. Ho was not wanted there, he knew, and would be muoh happier away, for Lady Eldersocourt was one of the stars of fashion, and he had long enough isgoawakeuned to the fiot that his presence never added to his wife's lustro, but, on the contrary, took from it a good deal. Seeking out, then, a comfortable spot-one which proved to be the little kiosk-he looked around by the light of one of the little expiring oil lamps - a Ohinese lantern having slipped sideways, and gone in for a small conflagration on it own aceount, with the final result of a piece of wood like an old bill-file, a'fow charred bam boo slips, and some grease. Wineo was there, though, and spisite, and cigars and glasses, and boat of all, peace and quietness; so, with a sigh of contentment,-Sir James filled himself a tumbler with a groat deal of claret and a very little sodia water; then, sitting down, proceeded to re gale himself to Ilis lloartl' content. "Huh I" he said, with a sigh of satisfaction, as he fiuished hisl draught and drained his glass ; " this is real pleasure, and-bless my soul, now, that is too bad I They might have chosen some other place to make love." Just then, two dimly-seen figures camo slowly down the walk towards the kiosk, the lady's waist--for they were lady and gentleman - being tightly clasped by her companion's arm, and her head resting upon his shoulder. "Abh, my dear frionds," lie said nepytrophising them in silence, "it's a very bowitching sort of dream, but you do wake up so cold and shivery afterwards, to flud Ihings are not so bright as they seemed. Hah I" he mused, " what a lovely and naecom pliihed woman her ladyship was be fore we were married-how modest and retiring, how gentle I Ah, very rude, young man, to salute the young lady like that before mto. You shouldn't allow it, miss. Yes, how gentle she wai, and how happy we wore, and how she has altered. Now, young people, I want to go," he said, helping himself to some cigars and placing them. in his poolket; " bnt I don't want to show nyseolf after what I have seen. They would be so up. set. I don't want to be listening, either, and I can't got away without cutting the canvas; and if I did that her ladyship would be angry, because they would put it in the bill. What's heo saying ?" It. was plain onough to him. " Love you ?" whispered the gentle. man. "You know it-dearer than life. You caouot toll-will never know how greatly I suffer for your sake." There were whisperings after this and protestations. The lady seemed to be objeoting to his words, and they -becamemore earnest. "That'e that big waiter fellow who looked down on me so," said Bir James to himself; "and that other moust be her ladyeship's now maid. I hardly saw her, but she strook me oas being wondorfully like Laury. You might almost think it was Lanry herself." Joost then the lady glided rapidly away, as there were the sounde of voiose and footsteps approaohiugg. Sir James struck a match directly and lit his cigar, which he held ready between his teeth; when, as he etruek a light, the male figure hurried by, passed away, and the little baronet went slowly upthe path to meet his son, as we have soeon., As a matter of course, there were vavious little unpleasantriea at the party, as there always are at sanobh affair;e. But, as a whole, hier ladyehip deo olarod that, considering tlhey had no butler to takeo the lead, the whole affair had gone off tmost admirably, and that society thoroughly approved of the son.in.law she.had ohosen. (To be contintied.) 