SU Gr AR UNDER FEDERATION I j; [By GEO. C. CRAIG.] The anti-Billites, despite their defeat by the people, keep up a continuous fire of useless powder, and go in for further fallacy, prejudice, and misconception. Surely there must be some finality to such political sham and demoralisation. It is now time to give it up. I do not say that the politics of the . sugar industry .are over with Federation, tout keep the plough and the hoe going, and .^vork with confident heart and faith in the legislative wisdom of your brother Austra ? Hans in the Federal Parliament. Keep your .eye on the candidates for. that Federal .conclave, return far-seeing, just and broad- minded men, and they will pull you "throuiyh. " When I suggested as a makeshift for 12 months, until the new Central Mills were up, that rather than the planters sell their cane for 53 or 6s per ton to the O.S.C., it would be better to cut it, with other hay, and use for cow, pig, and cross-bred store sheep feeding. I would rather live on hominy, or bread and butter, than sell a lb. of cane to such a company in the face of the profit made from sugar. Of course, it was a dire alterna- tive during the process of industrial evolu- tion ; but I do not think the O.S.C. will have the moral or business courage to put their threats of price reduction and mill closing into execution. I will believe it only when! see it. But should they do so, then the planter's heart must not fail until the hum of Central Mills is heard. " Fray God, our courage may not fail, Thro' craven'fears of being great." A curious argument is going on in the Clarence' Advocate. They'may be termed scarecrow arguments, : mixed'with all the craven fears of Pepper's Ghost and the anti Billites. Some Billites go about stating that Federation will bring about the "lastday" about happy Christmas time, and that it is no more use planting or crushing. , I had a higher opinion of the Advocate than indulg- ing in such fears about the withdrawal of £00,000 from the Clarence, a fearful supposi- tion, which has no foundation in fact. The .idea is as bad as that of the farmer's daghter who would not marry a Murray Uiver farmer, as his farm was outlandish, and the children might fall into the Murray and get drowned. This was a serious obstacle to the marriage, which spelt delay ; but as " love is lord of all," they did get married. But fate was cruel, as after 20 or 30 years of married life they never had any children, and no alarming case' - of child-drowning was reported In the local paper. It was a fear that did not exist, and the Advocate should trust the future, and not count bad chickens before they are hatched. If my articles will not convince the well known local "resident" intimatelyacquainted with the position of sugar industry in this colony, and in Queensland, about how the N.S.W. industry " will survive the import of Queensland ' sugars under equal fiscal conditions," then a surgical operation nor all the logic of Archbishop .Thompson and Sir William Hamilton will not convince this " Local Resident." Life is too short to try and convince him against his will, or " teach the unteachable." Farmers in Queensland get more money for their cane than those of this colony, yet the price of mixed black and white'labour is so high far north that it brings the price of sugar down to the level price of our ' sugar, the extra profits being on the side of our growers. I feel sure this "Local Resident," who knows the two colonies so well, will contradict me as he has done the Premier. The O.S. Co, pay 103 per ton for cane, or 3s more for '.cutting, carting or punting to alongside the rollers-a sweating price for cutting and carting. That Childers price won't wash, as prices have got mixed up in the deep anxiety of the paper to defend tho O.S, Co's, system on the Clarence. But apart from the Childers prices, the O.S.C. can afford tv give 17s per ton of 12*7 cane, delivered alongside of the rollers. I dare say ,the Advocate will contradict this, ' and . it may also send a Dibbs' bombshell into a .Board of Directors. Tho Premier, who is now a friend of the sugar industry under,' Federation, was right at Maclean, and had grasped'prices very well. ' " 7 . "' ' Here is a nice little piece of Machiavellian- ism in editorial comment:-. . 4 . ... " This incident! shows that Holman had more sense than the Premier, in refusing to discuss tho sn gar/problem." I agree with tho Premier at Maclean, that " Federation will break down the sad sugar monopoly, and introduce fresh mills and capital." A rue ri ca is a country of monopoly, and V ringa.'1 Tb« Spreckles had monopolised, the H.xwiiil and 'Frisco slope sugar industry, but he works upon " live and let live " lines. He docs not cut down prices to 5s and lCs for 12'7cane. ' He speaks and acts to encourage and develop, and not of " extinction " and " mill closing." [To compare. Spreckles and Co. with- the O.S.R. Co. is absurd.] After crossing;" the Rockies," and drop down into the Southern States, you come across the Bundaberg and Martinique system of cane culture and- manufacture, I also proved tb your readers-I .mean the readers with reasonable minds-open to conviction, and not tlioso with incognative minds-that if wc produce more sugar than we can use or suck, the export market to London is a -profitable market for Australian sugars, even,in thctface of the free import of bounty fed lient sugars. I may be contradicted by the Aclvocnie, who does not ltnoio better than I den" Tlie' trend of public opinion at Home is also to open its ports free.to and protect British-Colonial sugars from the barbarous impbrt of beet sugar, , Americans and Australians use more sugar perihead of the population than that of India or any European country, Australians are ab '¿he top of the list for sugar consumption, and comparing the present population with that of seven years'ago, when I last made tho figures up, the consumption of sugar for family .and-industrial use, such as for cakes,' jnàis und biscuit factories, amounted to 360,000 tons. I will stick to my figures, and declare tho manufacture of sugar is not yet up lo I.Le consumption, whilst the export of sugar ia nothing compared to our imports of ?sugar. ,A I havi! no patience with such stupid logic 'a/a this : "There will not be a demand for all the sugar, and in the fight for the market the weakest-must go to the wall." I nsk planters to throw this talk outside the ques- tion. Let there be no excise duties upon .sugar. It can live, thrive, and pay well without them. An import duty upon all sugars, foreign to the Commonwealth, is thc clear-cut issue, ¿nd no monopoly can .fret tho bonus, as the shippers got when an export bounty was on cotton. . . ' Here is a now business doctrine laid down far common sense people to swallow: "With ovar-production and no 'cornering' of the market, the price of sugar in the Common- wealth would be that of the outside markets \--say about £14 per ton refined." What is tne use of arguing against such fallacy and hypothesis? IE the O.S.C. want to close their mills in N. S. Wales, let them ; but'it will usher itt a new and more prosperous stale of «Hairs. Ibu Advocate docs not face, but burks the solution of the industry. It seems to infer an annual prize of £0C3,C3O to play for, could alford to deal or knock small, private and ..State mills into "everlasting smash"-knox spots out of them ! Here is Mr. Knox's threat secretly supported by the Advocate ; but in justice to it, let me quote : "Any attempt to break down the Com- pany's monopoly would only result In a general collapse of the market. Of course, the people would not stand the Com- pany s Imposition for long to the extent above suggested ; but it may be success- ful for such a time or to such an extent as to allow the shareholders to largely augment their fortunes, and to brm g about the extinction of the industry in . New South Wales, and convince those who may now bo inclined to be led away by Mr. Reid's arguments that the Sugar Co's, monopoly- before Federation was ' much preferable'.to the same monopoly :.' . under Federation." ? .*. There can be no monopoly under the 'Central Mill system, unless they all form a "rlDg," which is not likely under Federation. "When the Advocate states this it is guilty of misrepresentation in a cold- blooded style : "There is no getting away from the fact that the passing of the Federal Bill on Tuesday next by this colony, and its adoption in a few weeks by Queensland, will mean the death warrant of the sugar industry in New South Wales." The Advocate may not get away from its " fact," but intelligent planters and electors can, which makes all the difference. Inter- colonial freetrade prices will be fair and profit- able prices, owing to the greater extent of market here and in London. I have exposed this bogie, like the 22s Gd tax bogie. Then the article goes in for further blinding of the public, and defence of the huge existing monopoly. It is not generally known that the Fédéral Bill provides for aid to industries, such'as State Mills. See clause 20 of part ' V., i.e., " Trading and financial corporation, formed within the limits of the Commonwealth." But, I presume, Central Mills can be erected by public companies, or by a loan from the Provincial Parliament,, upon the lines of the Queensland Act. Planters will not require to go to the Federal Parliament for State aid to Central Mills unless they like. Just fancy the drivel talk about the profits of sugar being stopped on the rivers. It would be stopped if the sugar industry was going to die ; but it is not going to die, with such grofits, better than maize or butter. Mr. leid is " the chap " to pass a Bill for State aid for Central Mills. : After stating that the river planters have no land to give the State as security, what about a lien upon the crop ? I don't' like 1 this exposition of river poverty, and the putting on of a poor mouth. The planters are not so bad as this, and the crops are good security, in the absence of land security, when an acre of Clarence^cane produces a profit of £14 7s fid ; or a 50-acre farm £805 5s, or a 100 acre farm £70010s per annum. Here is some more of - the papers stupid, "if" logic: "How many growers in. New South Wales have land that is not already mortgaged, and cannot be mortgaged further as security for a State Mill. The New South Wales Government may, if we do not federate, erect State Mills without requiring the land as security-may erect a mill and hand it over to the farmers aB a gift. But the ' Federal Constitution distinctly prohibits one State doing anything to give its industries any advantage over thosé of another, and a State Mill under more favourable conditions than those of Queensland would be prohibited'by this enactment." " State aid for Central Mills is not a bounty. The Advocate must study the Bill and the sugar industry Ja little more before it can treat them in ia .public and statesmanlike manner. It is jjby their gullible and Daily: Telegraph sort^of articles that the industry will be killed,'and not by the laws of pro- duction, industry, trade, commerce, and Federal legislation. . '.*..;.? 