The €hostly Ideal. ' Jtm my brolhere, nun the werkere, ever doing eomethiny Heir, The! uhi'h ye hat* done tut earneet of ike thinyi that ye wilt do I" —'Timmrsort. London, Wednesday Afternoon.—The In ternational Miners' Congress now gitt. inn at Brussels represent 1,400,000 unionist * Tbo oongress has decided to support the legal enactment of the eight hours working day for miners. The only delt-gates voting against the pro position we e those representing 3 ',000 ' Northumberland (England) minora. Amid all the fanfarronading osblea abont the Queen's birthday, Aoatraliao cricket, and other fooleries of life, the above message has no plane or significance for those whose bodion of idea ia that unscalable wall of seific over whiah even Qod's sun scarce bothers to' peep. Flatbed - anroas sixteen thoiMmd miles of intervening ocean, that cable message knocks the fool's cap from the noddle of the lean and alippered pantaloons, -who dawdle through this earnest life upon the unholy shekels filobed from the sweated life-yean of an ail-too slothful, and patient proletariat. It oomea aa the ray of a new dawn, bursting above the orystal battlements of the Orient of Hope, and peepe shyly, yet lovingly, through the broken panes and tayvd'j ourtains of every toilers'e cheerless hovel, and rat-lnfeated attio. Awake 1 ye haggard ones 1 The sword- ray of a new era flashes its imperial challenge to your courage I How wilt ye emicer it t a * • • • What dreamer rudely wakee us thus P A million and a half of toiling brothers in a foreign land have united to ameliorate their hard lot. They are not the first million and a half that have failed. And wherefore F a • * a a How men slavishly ding to the simulacrum of an idee 1 How they lore the unotuoue sound of the word Union, end hate its consummation 1 The industrial history of the past quarter of a oentury seems gradually converging to some colossal oataclysm. The labor convulsions that have merited this period have been ruthlessly trodden ont by die iron heel of. Capital. And properly so. Freedom hates'to be aOie&'with cowards and sluggards. She hates jnoh as mnch, and mayhap morel thin the bloated tyrants and wantons whom elm relinquishes to the dominion of LfoenpS. And what, but moral Oowardioe, could have caused the, repeated fafluroe of the induBtriil masses to obtain for themselves that equitable share in the ^disposition of their own dsstiniee which is their ad nutted right F What, but moral £owsrdioe,has brought the word Union into a. byw^ffd.of labor pandara, -and into the [fierce ridMule of theprivflegea classes TVPoor Union ! Miserable toilers | ye are both to be pitied 1 ... ' ; * • And, now, this a word-my challenge from {toroM the sets, only awakens the haggard JtoQem to show the gboet.of :thdf fond Ideal, standing 'iwixt ttamaodthe newer dawn, ■with eyea that goad them on to the groaning toavsil of the dreary day that knows no 'night wave-that when " the wiokfld cease from troubling, and the weary are at rest"! ' • . . .. • • . • * . i' That Ideal is atruly majestic one. It has filled the dreams of sagas, and beckoned poets into the limitless realms of glory. What more terribly grand eight than the incalcul able Army of the world's toil a— awtsad ia oce solid end impregnable array, working with the sQenoe and precision of some colossal tsogine in tbe datme of humanity F What prodigious possibQitiaa lurk within its lightest shadow! What regeneration of the social system 1. What political power I Whet con catenation of force to leTer the huge world into an orbit of perpetual summer Uandnses and fruitful eoawml ItVverymajeety Beema to have made men Ai-fak from Qthugit the angel guest at their household hearths.- They eecm to squint awry, and dread to look itin the tdetr, cahn eyes. Tetit h aver beokoa ing them on ever alluring them to its ride ; •ad only, when such a oanvocationifc those miHion and a half meat to oaajr ont iis majestic behests, do-its goading eyes oesse to I goad, or the mournful yearning leap Into a j beatific smile of oovnmendati'jn. How is it that with the increasing stress of tic year* the toQen 'bare got no nearer the consummation of this majestic Ideal, than in the feudal day* f Where can tbey lay the blame, or what plead in excuse? la it not because they will not tear out the ohoking weeds of disunion, amongst themselves? With the a occasion of ,'almoet absolute political franchise, are they not aimoat as powerless ss when they were losoed to stand by and simply do the bidding of their masters? Do they not trailer the sectarian serpent to hiss in their ear? Do they not hearken to the voice of the charlatan, the boodler, and the on •crapulous exploiter of their hard won fran chisee f Do (bey take the slightest pains to qualify themselves! to think out social and e onomloproblems for themselves? Are they not lapsed in sloth and passion, and let go by the opportunism lor their own regeneration P Do they not bend the servile knee to Boodle, instead of worshipping at the sacrsd shrine of Brains P And even amongst those million and a half who are-met there in Brussels, ire there not myriads-Who, for the despicable bribe of sn extra dibit, per day, would " rat" and *' blackleg" on tiidr faithful fellows, and ao consign the whois working world bade to the point where the struggle began ? Mark the cpnol()fling paragraph of the Cable, dike only- jlelcgwtea. to vote against the iasl«!tgdjrefa>tje we^e ftoee representing 80,000 English miners. .These man, on ao count of exceptional oondlthms in the Nor thnmberlend mine*, whereby they can only safely work a limit of 7} hours per .day, in their selfish aatbfaotiun, actually vote! against the neoeasary reform for their hard' •winked fellow toilets. Here is the indication of that disunion that makes a ghost of this majeetio Ideal of Labor's Union, These thirty thousand smug complacent!, fearing a curtailment of a half-hour of their own sweet privileges, are content to see the re maining millions swink sway for ten and twelve bouts, without aa much aa heaving ah occasional sigh for their unfortunate lot 1 Thirty thousand blacklegs in one mob! And ao the dreary farce goea on. What will be the ultimate result of this great con vocation? A few feeble representations to the employers, a bubble and equeak, and then the good old dreary round will go on till the next convocation, end so on for ever and ever, Amen. Meantime the Ghostly Ideal con tinues to stand at tbe portals of the dawn, beckoning ever and onward, while the poet sings:— " hfest the scorkare, men my brethere, ever doing something now, That which ye hate dona but earnest of the thisigi that ye scill do And what is the " earnest" so far P Ask of that Ghostly Ideal! Tan CanomcLB rises without notice to ask thoseprofeneddemocrats Aldermen Watson and Warcecke. on what plea do they justify their demooratin protestations with their sd vobaoy of this Aralatous fleoret Conference Bill? The shockingly undemocratic constitu tion of the Seqatetgiakee so fur towards tbe utter maasaote of' demoefficy, that anv democrat who openly or secretly votes for this Pernicious Bill, prpdaime himself to be of the fustian and shoddy order. ■ It must be remem bered that Senators, under this wretched Bill, are elected ig.the whole colony voting at one eonotilstesicjl: ' What chance, the Chbosicue' asks the WestjHnd profes-ora of democracy, has any .pcor'man, (and alas ! the democrat is always a poor man) of stumping the whole of tbe Colony 1 Is it not manife-t that only the wealthiest mem could afford the undertaking ? And the wealthy autocrat, who could pur chase or cajole a doten votes here, there, and everywhere must easily whop the poor man who may haven solid following in one or two distriots.' but cannot afford to make an exploitation of the whole area of 31-0,000 square miles It is all very well aa a subter fuge of escape to say " 0 i the democrats who win net vote for & demoorat they have never seen in preference to an autocrat,—they have, are net'worth the name of democrats bat how do those democrats stand who actual ly intend to ypte for the very system which places such agrievous handioap upon their fellows P The absolute certainly that no poor man, that is to say,. no democrat, can ever hope to enter the Senate is a. held fact; and yet professed democrats ally themselves on the side of Boodle, and desert that of demo oracy end Brains ! Tbere is a pitiful ahoddi nebs about snch , democracy as this. The sterling democracy is that which, through thick and thin, evil sad good stress and struggle, temptation and seduction, stick to the noble principles of democracy, and refuse to depart therefrom no matter what the bribe. The tollers of Armidale may well stand confused amid the horrid din and tur moil, when they act professed democrats like Aldermen Watson and WamcoVe deliberately tweaking democracy** mow, and allied on the side bv which ahe is rndely booted oat of the backdoor. Them Iseomethlng rotten in the State of Democraoyin all this, and if Premier Beid'a postulate, '' that he who does not change his opinion js jvprse than a humbug— he is a hypocrite «nd -»irogue,, be true, teen those o'tWwSc.itardy West .Enders have reme cause ofoeniocracy, to oo-iect the error into white they have ao unfortunately fallen.' ere it be too life. • i?' —.r — .! Bishop Stastoh hse'dlrected his olerp pray that the-people may vote under Di guidance on Jane 2<HhTiext at the Fee Referendum. Usfortetii&tdy; this diet uished prelate doesttftSpfcify iU what di tion he eeekB thatgrrioxnee. Withont irreverence, it may besalely sail that I an invocation savors of the impidne. Ei of the two oomteeting bodies incunnec with this Federal issue mnBt be in the ri and as it is an absolute certainty that a 1 minority win. -appear on one of the sidee, inference mnretoeplf Bishop Stenton'e in position counte fag aught, that that I minority, (or why not the majority ?) i deserted/by that guidanoe whrntybMnvc ie no platituSe. > Ham as emlcwed t certain faculties which place a trenoeni abysm between him ana the brute cruet He arrogates to himself toe divine possee of eotil, which he denies to brute beasta 'i caste upon him theabsolute raspdnsabi of his aots, and all humanlaw iabased u that assumption. There ieno subtle dist tion between abstract right and wit morality and immorality, In the eye of tun law, and therefore,, iiii to be presumed the law divine. And mot arewcHoap of judging betweeulhe honesty or i honesty of the ptusejto purposed CtgiSc If they hut use thegtttt wtih vteite (Sod graciously endowed~them. R 6 their spe miasfam to inaagnrate «nd m«intsin kingdom on earth Iftheyerr.theyeui If tbey stiffs they gp thiough those ides ing firm without whichno j«ddia will iIut. (fruiting the 1 filffh^ite' cf-Itni wisdom, ana indeed vti ell ihiagg hum hereto yet that inshsteoce upon tee mi md other facultiee vrith whieh we mdowed, wMteteoa*dicsB:fcaih a da ietorminaHoa to bo gixidcdhy thoee jrreet rim. And it has xteethedly bran, nor hit neither (WntmwBgioaia nerved these appeals in time of stress. Jtfanhasto work out his ovn redemption, through the meflinm of one Intercessor. That Intercession has been cocrammated. The rest remains with man. And,if in this Federal matter the people of this colony will be guided by the simple ethics of Right—Right to them selves and to posterity, God will be infinitely better pleased than if they were to depend wholly upon Him, and the result wiH be of equal permanence in the history. of the. world The Peace Conference is continuing its sittings at St Petersburg, and op to the pre sent, notwithstanding that negotiations Have been in progress for several days, nothing of a very sensational character has be*-n de cided on by the delegates. One prominent member of the convocation proposed a scheme for the settlement of dispute^ between nation and nation, bat before the suggestions of the great state man had fairly settled in the minds of his co- deliberators, a Rassiah re presentative came along with a totally dif ferent system, and that's bow the affair stands at present. One would have tfaonght that at a conference of 'this description peaof would have prevailed throughout the disous aiooe, bat the Gear and Tolstoi appear fo have oolleoted a contentious crowd of commissioners Already tbeyare showing their teeth,-and veoowling with ominous contempt -at each other, and trouble is imminent,, une. set of delegates persist in supplying netfopapers with reports of the proceedings, and rifnsee to desist when requested to do so. The re presentatives of one of the foremost cooniries concerned threaten to withdraw from the con ference; one delegate has been censured, and eo the business of the unique meeting of peace makers progresses 'With each au in glorious commencem-nt to its colossal .under taking it is not unreaaonabte to ppodict that tiie"peac©fccheuiv-*H of ihtaa tws^irreAf Bus-' aian intellects will not be reali-ed-duting the present generation. „ 