A HAUNTED RIVER. GHOSM THAr '"WALK' THE THAMES. There is scarcely a single reach on the lo.ver Thames but has its own special and peculiar tpook. If you doubt this seemingly sweeping assertion, inquire of the local keepers, the watermen, the members of the river police, or the elder generation of riverside laboureis. You will 1 quickly have your doubts dispelled. Even London Bridge itself, the one ( spot in the. whole metropolis where the : roar of traffic and the hum of life never entirety ceases, is haunted by the ghosts of the dead. They are these of Lomasney and Fleming, the two Irish-American desperadoes who, on the night o$ .December 13, 1884, attempted to blow, tip the structure ' with dynamite. Luckily for London, although unluckily for themselves, the stuff exploded prematurely, and thw twe conspirators w«re completely disictegrated that nothing was ever found ot them, save a few odd fragments, of charred bono and shredded sinew. Perhaps that Is why, vc. dark niphts, theii disembodied spirits are said to drop down the river in a^spectral skiff, and haunt for a while the shadows of the buttresses under the south-west,arch.~ * i . [ ii<u Everyoie has heard the old legend of the 4 Flying Dutchman,' but few people projbablj are aware that a ghostly vessel haunts the Thames. The precise locality affected by this spectral craft is Gallion's Keach, about a mile below Woolwich Arsenal. Here, it will oe remembered, on the night of September 3,1878, the 'Princess Alice' carried with her to the bottom Of the river neat ly seven hundred excursionists—men, women, aad children. An lever since, at irregular inteivals, , the awful tragedy has repeated itself. ' The wraith of a steamer, sa it is aveered, suddenly looms up out of the fog, her port holes blazing with light, her decks and cabins echoing and reeclioitig with music and laughter. Then comes a sudden crash, the noise of the rending of wood and ironwork, the hissing of escaping steam, the shrieks of drowning people, followed by silense and darkness. It is a weird story ; but even more blood- curdling is the well-known Thames-side tale of the haunted barge. This latter dates from 1894-5, the year of the last great fro3t. After several weeks ot Arctic Weather the Thames became lovere i with ice floes, and hundreds of of barges broke from their moorings and went drifting with the tide up and Jowu the river. On one of vhese derelicts there appeared one night the phantom of a woman. Thrice within an hour it was seen by watchers on Plumstead Marshes, waving its thin, gaunt arais, as though imploring aid. Ac last, notvithst aiding the fceirible dangerous state of the river, a waterman; put oflE m a boat, ani, after several carrow escape from being overwhelmed by the drift ice, succeeded in boarding the barg«*. There was nothing there ; aa sign of life either on deck or below. The folio wit g night the ghosthaunted craft was boar led off Westminster by a member of the river police, who, averred that he ..was beckoned thereto by a. woman in a grey stuff grown. Like his predecessor the waterman, ho vever, he found that he had been apparently deceived. After that the story:of the haunted derelot spread up and down the river, and the Thames-side people left her severely alone. K. member of the Society for Psychical Research; prove 1, however, more enterprising, for he not only chartered a boat—at the cost of a couple of guineas—but he slept all night in the barge's cabin. The exptriment was attended with only nega'ive results, the ghost not putting in an appearance duriug the time he remained on board. During the next night, however, it was seen by no fewer than seven difft rent, and independent witnesses, at various stages ia its journey up and down the frozen rivei. . Then the curiosity of the owners got aroused, and they had the derelict secured and towed into a • oackwiter near Eow Creek. In the bold was found the corpse of a girl, frozen eolid. The doctors opined that she hid been dead at least three 'veeks, the assumption being that she hid sought shelter in 'he vitals of the deserted barge ere it broke adrift, and, overcome by the cold, had fallen into the sleep that knows no waking. Mayhapithey were right. But what then are we to think of ..the testimony of the; three men who actually boarded the derelict ? A headless spectre stalks the foreshore at Battersea when the tide is low. It male its first recorded appearance on September 14th, 1873 ; a fortnight after the discovery, in the mud opposite the waterworks, of the left quarter of a woman's trunk. Others portions of the dismembered bo fly wert afterwards fished out of the river at Brunswick Wharf, near Nine Elms Station, from u ader <one of the arches of old Battersea Bridge, at Lii-»iehouse, Greenwish. Rctherhithe, and trom the Regent's Gana\ . Only the head was missing.. Nor has it been found to this day. Such are some few of the more famous ghosts that haunt Eagland's greatest river. , j?here are, pf course, many others, ; What boating-man, foi instance, has not heard of the .mysterious * white woman,' who on moonlit summer nights, is to be seen by the curious in such matters < importing herself in the foam- flecked waters oelow Boveney Weir ? Or who is there has not listene 1 enthralled to the tale of the child ghost, in pink muslin frock and blue sash, that haunts SJ persistently-the towing path between Cookham Bridge and C'ieveden Woods ? 