CHURCH OF ENGLAND. VISIT OF TIIE. BISHOP OF GRAFTON '' AND ARMIDALE. A nour the, mic|dlc of , the year 1897 a description of the, now Anglicnn Church tu be built nt Bbiyrii, under the designa tion of St. James?' was given in Tub Raleigh Sun, and we then reported fully tlio ceremonial connected with the laving of tlio foundation block. Last i nursuny -WCOK; Willi laeai weiuner aiiu brightness nnd summer perfections, the dedication nnd^ oponing of the building ?took1 plnce. St.' James' Church stands 011 the mam Bowra rond, nenr the public school,- nnd is' undoubtedly one of the prettiost chn'rches in the diocese, and more than Targe enough for present re quirements. Tlio Bishop nrrived shortly before half-past 7, the hour appointed for tli'o ceremony, and a large congrega tion' , was' present. His Lordship pro ceeded to the porch of the 'Church, niul, knocking at the doors, these wore 'jopene'd, by the vicar. A petition was then read; on behalf of the vicar and ' parisliioneiis, by the Rev., C. ]£. Burgess,' disiriug ..the .Bishop to' .license nnd dedicate the ediGce ,a.nd certifying to tho provision of all requisite farhislii hgs for al,l the .'holy rites' of tli'e; clnrrcli. Tho Bishop, assenting thereto,' feci ted' Esnltri,' '2:.l;'ns the procession moved towards'thc Chancel. Seven persons, of whom five ? were men',. then received tho; solemn rites of confi'nnntioii'. After which his Lord ship prenched ail able jind eloqliept.sor nion from' the text, Psalm oxvir-2-1,— ' This, is tho day which the Lord hath innde ;' we will roj'oice and boghid in' it.'' Owing to (lie absence , of Miss Sullivan, Mrs. J. S. White kindly played the o'rgW.' ..The ch'n'roh is to ''bq; filled with seats of n design approyed^of »by!,.thb building committee .and clergyman. The 'altar, frontal and brass furnishings will be similar to those seen at St. --Mar- garet's Church;. B'ellingcn' these, with lits long, narroiv,'- stained. glass windo.ws, will Go' dhiirclilike. indeed, and: reflects, tlio greatest credit 011' our A'n'glicttn Tnands at Bowra^ - ? . -. On'Wecln'esday Bishop Green preached :nt Macksville and Nambucca Heads,' and on'- Thursday n't Raleigh. At each place- there was'-n large congregation. , On Friday afternoon the laying of tlio foundation block of tlio now church at Bellinger Heads' t.oolc - place in the prcr senee -of about 100' people. Here it might not be out of . place to give a.few details in .conn'ectioni with tho proposed building. In- the first placo the resid ents of tho Heads havo agreed to erect the church- by voluntary, labor. Tlie dimensions are as follow ,: — Nave, 30ft. by 20ft. ; vestry, : 8ft. x- 8ft. ; porch, 6ft. x Gft. Tho exterior wilt b# weather board, but the interior will b'e spinewh'at different to' tho , orthodox style'.' The ceiling, of wood, will be cbn'strn'cted so' as to show- the. rafters, ! nnd iOacli rafter will carry- -a pair -of.' crosses. - The building-. . isavto' „ .liayo - -overhanging loavQS-andi,, projecting; gables, ,-{Iand.' tho : windowaj ill , bo^oij t(stdined^ glass, _ Gothic shape, G: feet , by' 18 inilies; and' of special design. One window has : already been subscribed by the children'' :of the Sunday-school. Tho altar,- font, and reading-desk- will-be approached, by 'three steps, and the other furniture will be 111 harmony therewith, being of var nished pine. The altar ornaments are to be of chased and- bnriiislied brass. As we .said before, the foundation block was laid 011 Friday last. The building: committee had everything in' readiness -for the occasion. -.'An. awning had been erected, and tho corner block was waiting for . the final: touch from the Bishop. Miss Kirkwood- presidedvnt tho organ, and procccdii/gs. commenced by singing '' The Oliur'ch'S One Foundation. ' After ;the recital .of the Apostles' creed, ,tlio |Bisbop' said, In tho faith of Jesus. Christ, and .with prayer for the blessing of God; I lay the foundation / block' of'a ichnrch to be called after the Apostle St. :Barnaba3,' at Bellinger Heads; 111 tlio nnnnj of. the' Father',' and of the Son, nnd ?of tho Holy Ghost.'.' -'.-His Lordslhp then placed in -the prepared cavity a bottle containing The Ralhiuii Sun, Northern Courier, and C. and It. Examiner^ and a scroll , upon which was written tho words,— To the grenter'iglory of God and the advancement' of trne.yohgiaii, this first block of the- Church of St. Barnabas,- ...Bellinger' Honds; was duly laid ou Fridayj January IS, 1899, 111 the presence of the building committee (Messrs; Radcliffo, Ivirkwobd/ and Ellis) and a large number of residents, by Arthur Vincent,' third Bishop of Graf ton nnd Arniidnlc. Charles Ernest Bur gessi vitfar ; - and William Alexandor Marrts-Walken reader.' A beautiful silver trowel was handed to his Lordship by Mr. Kirkwood, and.bore tho following inscription, — ' Presented to- his Lordship .Bishop Green by thecomtnitteeof St. Bar- nabas' Church, Bellinger Heads, at the layiiig;Of the foundation stone, ljj-1-99.' The inseription was the work of our local jeweller; Mi-;: T. H, !N'culiniiS|.aiid rcfloets gi'eat 'credit upon tliat.geiitleinnu. The block having beon truly ' laid; his, Lord- ship nddressed the gathering. at some length. Ho congratulated the Rev. O. E. Burgess, the biiilding committee, and the'-, residents' ''of the Heads generally, on the work they had undertaken, and gave a .resume of the progress the Anglican Church had made in this parish during the, past five years. I11 1895 thero was not one Anglican Church i building be tween Grafton and Keinpsey. Now there were six, either completed or in courso of erection — at Bellinp;eu, liY'rn tiiount, Coramba, Bowra, Colt's Harbor, and Bellinger Heads. At the conclusion of his address, donations were placed on tho block, and tho handsome sum of £10 4s. 2d. realised. In announcing the amount of the donations, his Lord ship stated that the Girls' Friendly Society, Newcastle, had sent an olToring. The singing of 'Saviour, blessed Savi our ' terminated proceedings at tlie church site. Tho gathering, nt the in vitation of the building committee, adjourned to tho residence of Captain and Mrs. T. K. RadclifTe, where tea and refreshments ivere served on tho lawn. The ladies connected with tho Anglican Church attended the visitors, and a very pleasant social time was spent. The Bishop briefly thanked the ladies and the committee, and Mr. Radcliffe replied. Services were conducted nt Bcllingen (morning and ovening), Fernmount, and Bellinger Heads 011 Sunday, to large congregations. The Bishop's party consisted cf Miss Green (sister), Master Walter., G'rqen (son), and his Lordship's nephew nnd niece, Mr. Butler and Miss Tuckcr., , In connection with tho recent Sunday School examination throughout tjio diocese, it is pleasing to note that five pupils from , the jiellinger were success ful. I11 tho third clpss of tho senior division Miss Leila Maud Noble, Miss Vera Devcrell, and Mastor Eric C. II. Kirkwood passed, .as .also did Masters Thomas Grove Ra'dcljffp , ai.ul, Stuart David Kirkwood in' the first class of the junior division. The two. girls attend tho Bellingen Sunday School, while tlio boys belong to Bellinger Heads school. Our Woolgoolga correspondent writes — !Quito _ an interesting function took' place hero on Monday last, when tlio foundation block of a Church oF England was laid by the. Rev. Archdeacon Moxon, of Grafton. A goodly number of people assembled to witness tlio! cere mony ,- and apparently, took a groat deal' of interest in the proceedings, it being tho first attempt nt cliiirch btiildiiig in' .the township.. The. sum of £2 15s. was laid on the. bjopk. The Archdoacq'n was afterward^', entertaiiie'fl; at! a picnic; and in' tli'o evening a lecture, accompanied by lantern views, was given by tlio rov. gentleman in a very impressive and interesting manner, which was : much appreciated by the au'lionco. Over £2' was tak'cii, , which 'wiis addod to the church building fund, making a' total of iovcr ;£'10 in' hand to start. 