The Grey Eagle of the Atlantic. CHAPTER 'VH. | The fresh southeast wind, filling tho'sail and heeling his boat gunwales to tho sea, : gave Steve Crano enough to do as he stood ; out toward the British fleet, and he never glanced backward to see if he was 'watched ;from the island. In fact, he cared not if he was. He had so tyrannized over the only two persons there, Irene and Silly Billy, that he considered them so subservient to his will and power that they wonld never dare perform an act of disobedience, or to make any special espial , upon any of his aptions. The sea rose even though tho wind did not, as he got outside, somewhat deadening his headway, and it was full three, perhaps nearer four hours after he left the island, when he rounded his boat to under the stern of his Majesty's frigate Arethusa, bearing the broad pennant ef Admiral Edward Hardy. ' Boat ahoy ! What do you want?' cried an officer through a trumpet, though he could have been heard quite as easily without its use. 'I want to see the officer who visited Crane's Island in the bay last night. I have news for him !' replied Steve. . 'It is Crane himself. Why do you not come on board, sir?' cried the officer alluded to. ' Because I don't want to just now. But I've come to tell you where the Gray Eagle . is, and how you can cut her out.' ' Then come on board. I give my honour that you shall go as free as you came, and when- you wish it.' ? 'Well, honour is honour, I s'pose, and I'll risk it'!'' muttered . the. fisherman. : And easing away his sheet, he let, his, boat gather headway, made a short tack, and then ran in under the lee of tho frigate, and rounded too alongside. Seizing a bowline that was hove down to Mm, ho made his boat fast, and then ascended to the deck of the frigate. Her white decks, bnrnished stanchions, rigging neattly coiled, and guns shining with the polish of a new boot, told that her executive officer was a ' trump,' to use an old expression, and it turned out that he was the very officer who had visited Crane the night .before. He was now walking on the weather side of the qnarter-dsck, in charge, where, under man-o'-war rules, none but the captain him self would dare, intrude while the officer on deck was on watch, therefore there was no' listener to the low-toned colloquy between the ?officer and the fisherman. 'Where is this privateer?' asked the former, whom we may as well introduce as Lieutenant Seaton. ' She left Boston Bay in the night, aud has run up to Salem harbour, where she will be to-night sure, and may be for several days. But if yon means to cut her out, the sooner the better, for a guard of marines has been allowed her from the regular service, and it ?will be on board to strengten her crew in a day or two.' ' ' So, so ! Could we run' the frigate in 'where she will be likely to be found, or one or two of our smaller crafts— tho brigs, there, for instance?'. ' You could run a seventy-four in there, sir — but you would run her under the guns of some heavy shore batteries that would be ' apt to put enough iron into her to keep her there.' 'Then the work must be done in boats. 'We can run down close enough to get the hearings of the craft, and see how to plan a night attack, can we not ?' ? 'Yes, sir — that will be easy, and as they'll never dream of an attempt to cut them out from under the guns, for I've heard of no 'work of that kind in this war, if the job is done quick, and they're taken by surprise, you'll get her maybe without losing a man !' 'Ay — that looks probable!' ' And now, sir, I'd like to know about my . pay for all this when its over ?' ? On tho honour of a British officer you shall ^ havo tho full reward I personally promised in case of success, and my influence ?with the Admiralty to got the rest.' ' That's enough, sir— I'll be off.' ' Without seeing Amiral Hardy,' now you are . so near him ?' 'I had rather Wd see mo on shoro, sir and see there also what he will like te see and hear about— for it is of little use for him to see me, without he sees lier and knows who Bhe is.' ? ' ' Ah— there is a lady in the question ! I know the admiral used to be a great gallant, but I thought ho had outgrown that, or for gotton it with increase of rank and the advances of the gout.' ' This is no affair of gallantry, sir. It is more a matter of pounds sterling to him, sir, and to mo. Did you tell him what I askod you to, sir, about the Bellender estate ?' ' Yes— and it seemed to startlo him. He said he would soon visit you. ' I know ho would — I knew he would, sir, and now I must be off, for . the sea is rising, and the wind too.' CAAPTER VIII. The Gray Eagle had only just anchored when t Lieutenant Morley came on deck with a small roll of bunting in his hand. ' Captain Backstay,' said he, approaching that officer, who was scanning one particular house on shore with his glass, very closely, ' if you will have this flag hoisted, you will call a visiter whom I have no doubt will be welcome. It is ,a private signal which is known only to one or two interested in me and a nautical fried of mine.' Backstay unrolled tho flag, and noticed that it was three stripes of red, white and blue, with a single 'star on the central stripe — white on the blue ground. ' Jack, run that flag up to the foremast head, and keep it there till I bid you haul it down !' said he to his coxswain. .ay, uy, sn : was une prornpu reply, ana the signal was soon fluttering, from the fore truck. 'You can send the gig ashore for your visitor. She will be on the beach in less than ten minutes,' said the young lieutenant, with a smile. ' For I told her that I should want to see her specially and quickly if that flag went up !' ' Thank you, Launcelot — thank you!' said Backstay, warmly, ' Jack Ghost, go ashore with the gig, and if anybody wishes to come off to see Mr. Morley, here — bring the person at once !' 'Ay, ay, sir!' The coxswain touched his ' hat, called his crew away, and soon the gig was. speeding toward the shore. A flush of pleasure at the. same time lit up the handsome face of Captain Backstay, for he saw the flutter of a white dress' coming to .vard the beach. ' Here's a boat, sir, under canvas, coming in from seaward and heading for us !' said the first lieutenant of the schooner, a man older than the captain, looking to be every inch a sailor. Very well, Mr. Cushing — if she comes alongside let me know. I am going below to arrange my rigging a bit, for I've been too busy to untangle my hair yet.' Young Morley had taken up the spy-glass wbich the captain laid down, and with it taken a glance at the bit of calico coming toward the bench. Satisfied at the appearance of things in that . quarter, he now turned the glass toward the boat coming from setrtvard, now within a short cable's length of the schooner. An exclamation of surprise broke from his lips as he did so. ' Do you know those parties, sir P' asked the officer of the deck, noting his surprise. ' One of them, sir — I met him only last night, however, and know nothing particular about him, except that he is half-witted. Thev are coming alongside. Heavens, what a lovely girl ! If that is the fisherman's daughter, she ik indeed a pearl.' These words had not more than left his lips before the boat was 'alongside. Morley, without knowing that he infringed the rules of discipline, hastened to the gang way, and was handing the lady over the side, when the officer of the deck rather brusquely said : ^ ' Mr. Morley, it is my dnty to receive visitors and know what they come for.' ' I beg your pardon, sir — but it was mere thoughtlessness on my part. This young man now coming on board is the person I alluded to as having met last night.' . 'Yes; how d'ye do? Gee whittaker— jewsharps, how nice yeou dew look 'round here !' cried Silly Bill, shaking hands with the young officers. ' Here's Miss Reney, sir, an' she's come tew tell your cap'n somethin' he ought tew know.' The young officer blushed and bowed on receiving this introduction, and said, de ferentially, to Mr. Cushing : ' If you please, sir, I will conduct the lady and her friend to the captain.' . ' Certainly, lieutenant, certainly,' said the officer, quite mollified now .that his position appeared to be reccfcnized. ' Come to tho cabin, plrfhse, Miss Crane,' said. Mr. Morley. 'My sister is coming on board in a1 few -minutes, and you will feel less embarrassod, I know, in the company of a lady. ? ' I thank Mr. Launcelot Morley, I believe,' said the young/ girl, with a reassured smile ; ' but I would like to know how ho learned my name.' 'From the lips of this young man, who described you so well that I knew you as soon as I saw you,' said the young officer, who now, entering tho cabin, introduced the lady to Captain .Backstay, who, expecting another, was taken all aback on seeing the lovely stranger. ' The right one will be here in a minute or two, cap,' said Morley, with a smile. ' This lady has some information for you, I believe.' ' Yes, sir, I have reason to believe that my father, who favours the English side in this war and hates Americans, while I do not, has gone to give information of your whereabouts, which will cause you to be attacked by tho fleet or its boats while here. I thought you ought to kn'ow of this, and, wliilo he went 'to give his information, I came hero to warn you of it.' ' T t.linnlr irnn P.,,*,. ? ? 1„.1_ T 11 ? 1 ? ' . \- ? ? ''I uui.mv.yuu; and, it m .my power, will roako some more substantial reward for your goodness.' ' I wish no reward but the thought that my 1 warning raay do you a service. And now I must hurry back, or my father will find out where I have been, and be- very an^ry.' _ ' Please wait a few minutes, and see my sister ' Ah, hero sho is!' cried young Mor ley. ' Sisterf this is Miss Irene Crane, whom I hope you will love, for she has come here at peril to herself to render us and tho country a service.' ' Iho friends of my brother aro my friends,' said the young lady, as sho prossed the hand or Irene, and then turned to receivo the grasp ' of a harder hand from Captain Backstay, ? ' Oh, how like your brother you are !' said Irene Crane, gazing with surprise at the resemblance. ' Dressed alike, you would hardly be known apart.' ' We are twins,' said Constance. ' Have you known brother long ?' ' I never saw him until a few moments ago,' said Irene, rather confusedly ; ' nor heard of him until this morning. But ? ' The vgung lady paused and seemed con fused, for the eyes of Launcelot were looking earnestly at her. 'You think he is a very bold, impudent young man to send his likeness to a lady whom he hears- is kept like a hermit oa a solitary island, and whom in the knight errantry of his soul he has vowed to visit.' ' I hope not uninvited, my brother,' said Constance. 'Yon are indeed a pattern, of impudence.' ' I should he glad to be visited by both Mr. Morley and his sister, lyt I fear that my father, who is a rude, tyrannical man, some times savages indeed to me, would make their visit disagreeable.' i' ' Were he not your father, how I'd like to tame him !' said Launcelot. ' He neither acts nor seems like a father to me,' said Irene, with a mournful sigh. ' Brit I must go back. , If he discovers :iny absence he will beat me cruelly, and almost kill tWt poor boy.' ' If he does, I will break every bone in his body. But we will not detain you,' said Launcelot. ' I will see you to your boat.') ' I wish you could come to Salem, and live with me,' said Constance; as she embraced the lovely girl. ' i: ' Oh, I wish I could ! If I could leave that hateful island, I would ; but dare not. Good by !' i ? The hurried farewell was sealed as girls usually seal farewells between themselves, and then the young lieutenant escorted the beautiful girl to the boat, where Bill was already seated, for the thought that ho must get back before his master reached the island, or received terrible beating, was uppermost in his mind. A brief good-bye, a look, which spoke more than words, of a hope to meet again, and the boat was off, ploughing the. waters, heading toward the island. ; ; ^ ' Sho did not offer to give me back my picture,' said young Morley. ' Glorious creature that shp is ! I will tear her away from the tyranny to which she is exposed ! Yes, if she is what I believe her to be, she shall be the idol of my soul ! The centre of my wavia heart's best affections! She shall be to mo what I hope Constance will be to the brave: true-hearted captain, of the Gray Eagle, il suppose— speaking of that — I ought, for form's sake, to go below and see sister, though my, company isn't needed to make them any' happier.' ? i ' Are you going into the cabin, sir ?' ask ed Mr. Cushing. |: 'Yes, sir.' , !' ' Then please: report to Captain Backstay that a large,- square-rigged vessel is standing up the coast. She looks like a man-o'-war;L but is too far out yet for me to be sure.' i ' I will report it, sir.' ! ! (To be continued.') U 