THE ORIGINAL GOSPEL. "J"0?.0 The Herald." to' wh. Vh« .K i?. D 8 it is Interesting ® « -hat the Greek text of th New "Tcatii- Tc?tus Hcreoroi4 l,y K?,8mu,R> nnd «»« the »... .h.1 .ptus' considered of no authority h) those who mad th lUvi. . ... . GnrreknTl«mSm ' T f. .NCW Testament tho br ,th« translators of ten "" tow us o being "founded for the most part UMtl awi'h? u.m f l?.,ip 'J01?' f01 ln number, and "SmwImJ '!h« ittl0| critical skill," and that tbry nlsn thit E "vision There is no doubt nisn mat whatever may havo hocmne nf th arnffcc'.d't lhh ' T w?rn wrJtlen at the time they o i h?ini !. Vc l.h.cy, were "ot "'Kruvod nn , . ,s onsurc tholr permanency; but it' '. I,robaW>; very Inferior paper, which. ,60DUnl handling, would aoon perish, and that In consequence In time topics were reported to. Now, In copying any manuscript. therc»are thoi). be.m,s,®he>» and omissions here and V ln n"1 ?y' and when at last u » J«.nl2fln,K from copies being depended on. would be linpoxslbl that the exact! word ing of the originals would appear In the ooov ehown by th translators, especially a the SlSf... "rl,"ca In undoh. or t.plul Tcllfri.. r,L,svinrL'Sor,h,i,oo„'l's"th are loakrd upon without doubt by orthodox people as the actual Inspired word of God. and U.2 1 ?nly thought most Strang, if this so. mat the utmost car was not cxcrcLtd by the original writers and those to whom the ori ginal manuscripts were entrusted to krep them ,h11 'here ronbl |H« no possible doubt for nil time as to their audit ntlrlty; this being of such vital Importance to man's salvation, and when your correspondent says It. his letter that Drs. Ucsicott nnd Hurt have arrlvcil nt n Tex- tus Hcceptus, which Is held tn tic as near as It IS humanly possible to obtain the exact wording of the original." wo must Infer that the pirtret Word of God must only havo Misted for tho prl- vlleged few who lived at the particular time whim sudden Inspiration took place, und that we are dnnondent on whnt they have thought fit to seed down to tis, which appcara to be the case. \\\e can scarcely question that If th Bible Is Inspired, th Holy Ghost would have caused Iho Insplr..! «nnl lo bo m Indollbly olompod that for all In all time, and not for a few ata certain time, there would be oo possible doubt as to lis geuulneness. Why. then, have wc nn the- a"' <mC f thCS<> or,B,n:|,!,? And should agree with the versions now lu existence, on which all orthodox people pin their faith? The dlsiOTcry of then, originals would be most In teresting. and they would probahly l« found to be entirely different to tho existing copies.-! [?] ______ W.I1.S, 