Breaking ina Book'Agent. "I'm afraid tha.t I once spoiled a good book agent," said the head member of an American book agency. We had got out an expensive re- ligious book, and had advertised for agents to handle it. ; Among- the numerous applicants was a tall, lanky youth. I asked him-If he thought he could sell books, and he said that he reckoned he could. . ? . " 'Very well,' said I, 'I'll see what you can do. Take this book and consider that I am your Inten- ded victim.1 The price of the book runs from 2dol to 4dol, but you must always endeavor to sell the highest-priced edition, although it is no disgrace if you only succeed in selling the cheaper kind. If , you succeed in selling me a book I will hire you. .. Now, go ahead. ' "He took the book, fumbled it awkwardly, and then stammmered: " 'Ye don't wanter buy a book, do ye,.mister?' . "I smilingly answered that I did not. " 'Better buy one,' said he, Til sell it ye pretty cheap.' . . ? "'Get out of here!' I yelled, pretending to be mad. 'Don't you see that sign, 'Book Agents Not Wanted?' - ' ; " 'I'll let ye hev one fer 4dol, mister, seein' it's ye.' said he; taking off his coat, and throwing it on the floor. "Tm afraid--,' I began. "'Four dollars, mister, an', cheap at the price,' he added, as he rolled up his shirt sleeves. "I didn'tlike the looks of all these warlike pro- ceedings, and declared the test off. But he re- fused, and gave me three minutes to 'dig up' the. price of the book. . - . ? "While I; was trying to make the fellow under- stand that the joke had gone far enough he jump- v ed at me. ; . .' "I didn't stand the ghost of "a show with the youth, andT soon found myself on the floor, with ( the would-be book agent sitting upon me, saying . something about a book he would sell, me 'power- . ful cheap.' ">.? ' , ' ~ : ) "To save my life I reluctantly consented to take : one of the 2dol kind. He said he was sorry,' but; be only sold the 4dol kind.. "He allowed me to get one hand loose, and I. produced 4dol, whereupon he released me, and wanted to know how soon he could get to work. "I kept my word and hired him, sent Mm as. far west as I could, and then discharged him by wire." "Have you made any new discoveries to-day with reference to 'that case we're working on?" inquired one detective. "Not yet," replied the other. "I haven't hail time to read the newspapers." 