FAR NORTHERN COPPER MINES. A VISIT OF INSPECTION. ASSOCIATED COPPER TRUST PROPERTIES, j HIE LEIGH'S CREEK CLAIMS. a PROMisrxr: ot;tt.ook. I uy our fcpccui jteporter.j \\\ e were bound for the land of saltbush end solitude. ''Sand, norrow, and »)rc eye-»' was the neat alliterative description applied lo the country bv one of our tarty, who-e clc«e acquaintance with the vcrieni goldficlds enabled him to note the ontrasts as well as the striking similarity lupplied by the tr.o localities. There is 10 qcstioning the solitude of Central Aus mliii, whether you arc on t'ae fringe of the [rent bslt of semi-desert territory lying be r«nd the settled districts or sweltering iiulcr the iti.otJM? heat of the «m as it is rc lected from the iron sides of Mount Stuart. L'011 take one step out of your camp into -olitiule which presses upon you with vaiy ng effects, by no means always unpleasant -often bcnem-ial. There is a fascination iliout «ho houatllcs* fkiin and life ''out ►ack,' and the stockman or the prospector rho has made it his home is seldom happy inywhere else. Kven the pale face who seek* the shady side of a city street and rtudiously observes all the uncomfortable labits of society revel* in the freedom and :he monotony which are peculiar lo that 'silent pea' which stretches for hundreds if miles through the heart of the continent, iut the laud of saltbush had no terrors for -ur party. We had a definite object in fiew. There was a 16; U- be done, and little iime in which to do it, and difficulties and lmwback* had no chance of interfering wing xo the forethought of those who ar ranged acd managed the trip. Nothing tvas forgotten that fhould have been remem bered, and no effort was spared to make the journey one of pleasant recollections. At its completion everybody expressed the hone that it would be repeated some day under similar conditions. A LAXD OF PH0M1SE. Leigh's Creek is 373 miles north of Ade laide, and the two days of railway travel ling in order to reach it can be easily shor tened whan occasion warrants the adoption of farter train *errice. For some time Leigh's Creek has promised a great deal irithout performing very much, ilany years ago the discovery of green carbonates in white argillaceous sandstone associated with reefs of iron ore and silecious rock encou raged hopes which were never realized, partly owing to the slump which look place in the copper market, but largely because the want cf capital prevented a systematic development of the properties. Then came the finding of carbonaceous shale, and the prospects of a coal mine in South Australia induced sanguine people to picture Leigh's Creek as* the Newcastle of the colony and the centre of a large manufacturing district. There »vas talk once of a French Syndicate starting irou fouidries in the locality! Hope* continued to be deferred, acd those who had invested in neighbouring mines experienced that 'sickness*' which is brought on by the too frequent application of ''calls.' There was no opportunity of testing the 'dividend' antidote, and Leigh's Creek onco more slipped back to obscurity and became n'n- insignificant riding. The most exciting incident of the week was the snorting of the engine as it stopped for re freshments, and whistled back any passen ger who had wtrayed too far from the rail way. Once again the scene is changing, and to-day there is an appearance of perma nency in the improvement rapidly taking place. The heart-beat of the little town is strong and regular. On can almost hear the throbbinsr. In every direction there is life and activity. The false excitement of the Worturpa rush has given place to steady work in connection with prospecting and the opening up of adjacent copper pro perties recently purchased by Messrs. Ueorge Brookruan and C. H. De Rose. Such was the impression conveyed by Lc:gh*s Creek as we found it one afternoon last week after a railway ride from Quorn through interesting country- ^Me -* piled upon mile as the train makes its way north wards, teow running parallel to a range of shut-p-peoked, dark-blue-tintcd hills of a rugged character, and then across a plain of saltbush and blucbush. Occasionally the hills close in. and the passes through which the train wends its serpentine course are after the naxurc of the McDonnell Ranges country, though on a smaller scale. Leigh's Creek is bounded on the west by a lice of low and medium-sized, round-topped, smooth-faced hills running in a north and then a north-easterly direction, forming an irregular rerai-circle. To the cast are the Cut-away liilb, or rather cliffs, of peculiar formation, and small groups of hills Kith »-aml.=toue, ironstone, and clay-slate ridgc--, the whole forming a scries of basin?. The general appearance of file country suggests the pre uence of minerals, and this -first impres sion was deepened by those of us who were able to make a flying inspection during the few remaining hours of daylight after our arrival. Subsequently a closer examination strongly cunSrtned these opinions. EX ROCTE TO WEEDXA. The serenity of Leigh's Creek was dis turbed at an early hour next day. There was u mustering and harnessing of horses, the hurried packing of swags, and of boxes, the contents of which bore the trade mark of a well-stocked commissariat department. Tlic proceedings attracted a little crowd of idlers, who freely criticised and generously tendered advice. Two four-horse teams were provided by Mr. John Napier, an old resident of the North — one hesitates to say how old. but he was a pioneer trader with the Queensland border, and knows every inch of the country and everybody for miles round. Our destination was -the property belonging to the Asso ciated Copper Trust, situated from 40 to 45 miles in a north-easterly direction from Leish's Creek. The exact distance is a subject ot controveny amongst those who have travelled the road. To us, both going end returning, the way seemed neither long nor weary. The following rough sketch will indicate the locality of these promising rnnn»t* «Hntcit* — One portion of the road is rough, pasunit i» it do!i through a series of ranges am over innumerable watercourses, but C2pO lias been voted by the Government for the Surpose of improving the worst places, ur party consisted of Messrs. George IJrookman, CH.De Rose, and J. White. Directors of the Associated Conner Trust. Mr. T. J. Greenway, Manager of Block 14 Company; Mr. J. V. Martin, of Messrs. James Martin mil Co.. Limited; and a representa tive of 'The Register.' For the first ten miles the route followed the survey pec* of the proposed Queensland border rail way, and w4 skirted along the foot of black barren-looking hills, which we kept on our right, whilst away to the left were the visible signs of work done at the Leigh's Creek Coal Mine, now shut down. A series of small tent-shaped hills, running to the north, with their gypsum sides glis tening in the ligui of the morning son, look id like an annv under couvas, whilst the icacias in full bloom made up a scene by 10 means so dreary as the avenge journey cross a saHbush plain. Still, the country s of a hungry character, and we saw not 1 single sheep the whole way. An occa sional emu and small companies of kanga roos—who, after a good look at us, saw some cause for becoming auspicious, and Munded off— and- scores of rabbits, were to le seen. Xo engineering difficulties were loticcablc up to Un point where we parted ?ompany with the survey pegs which mane he Kuzgci-ted route of the Queensland hue. ?o that the cost of construction via Leigh s ?reck would not, for some miks at least, be leavy. Pansine to the right of the Victory Mine and Paul's Consolidated, we haltjv it Burr 'Well for breakfast, and made tlu tcquaihtance of Mrs. and Miss Dannodv. irhotfe hospitality on our return journey van greatly appreciated. Benalnck * claim, rom which. ore assaying up to 33? per cent. )f copper has been taken, U a few miles nrther on, and at the entrance «?* a series )f saddleback hills, which look from a dis ;ance like billows on an angry ocean. On rlo*e acouaiittance they are found to Lc )f irregular shape, and scattered about as f shot into their present position at lon^ ance. Here and there arc to be observed ircll-dcfined ranges running into one ano hcr from different angles, forming im dense nound*. whilst at intervals are sugar oaf, dirk-bluc hill* of conridrnble alti ude. The scenery hecin? to Tadm''- ;m -rove, and at points is almost, worthy of wine charact-rrized os 'crand.' the hiiU wcomins Iwlder. and the timber u?-cn hem, and in the beds of the zigzag creeks are f larger size. We admire the M-encry. and iwait with interest the* panorama to.w infolded to onr view from the next rise, faen a warning voice . causes us to 'it firm, as tl-* conveyance i* tiUetl to lan«rerous an«lc^ or is jumnins over a iratnrcnur^e in a manner which wouW ye ierrifying lo the po.«ses»or of fabc teeth. tub rfiprra: Tnrfr cwims. A sharp turu to the south brings us to :he banks of a stony crcck-thc precipitous sntrancc to which forced one member of the part-- to hurriedly obey the law of rravitatioa until he reached terra nrma. Dvcr the ridge of a hill capped with iron stone boulders, which try the sorings ot the traps and the nerves of the occupants, and thsre stretched out before us is a hu*e basin, formed on one side by a steep range and on the other by a low line of rouna hills, whilst at the extreme end the circle is nearly completed by a pinnacle of rocks. In the centre arc ♦?»- workings nt » mine, ibout which several men are busily engaged. On a flocr lies a heap of dreswnl ore. jrra iually being added to, and close by is a stack of bagged ore ready for market. A few galvanized shed?, a 'Mug-out ' in the side of a hill, and several tents make up the pic ture, as seen by ns when we crossed tn« north-western boundary of the claims new by the Associated Coppsr Trust. It was a scene of beauty and animation, of wi.-l country being snbdued in some respects by the dominating power of man. A while ago one or two prospector* were ticklina tha surface of the earth and scratching ; f..r minerals. To-day there is a hnie shaft substantially timbered to a depth ot o0 fu and a north and south drive extending 90 ft., and one east and wpst 40 ft. Ore to the value of £2,000 'has been raised, a or tton of which has already passed thronch the furnace, and basfaid the verdict of thf smelters jirononnced upon it. The bvtory of these chims and other defculs will b told in the series of articles being written on 'Our Estate Far North'' by a rsprett-nta tive of ''The Register' who, for some weck« part, has been' visitinc northern mininj centres. My purpose is to follow the inspec tion as m«da bv our party. an-l deal with thines ts seen by us. The claim? held by the Copper Tru»t cover an area of 480 acres, atd in addition two water blocks have been taken up in order to guarantee a permanent and regular !«upply for mining and domestic purposes. Captain T. Mithews is Co'isntt init Engineer for the Company, Captain Darkla is t*c Mining Mann^er. Mr. «». I Hargnve the Assaycr, and Mr. E. J Wheaton is Accountant and Storekeeper. A SURFACE TNSPECTIOX. The main shaft has been put down neat the centre of the basin already referred to but the property embrace? several of the surrounding hills, and tbo fresa-wate: springs about one and u half miles ui- th- creek, which fhapes a serpentine cours- through the claims. Having watched the process of dressing the ore at the mouth of the shaft, aad noted with satisfaction the small amount 'of addle compared with good ore. and observed, too, the stack oi Dageed ore awaiting removal to the railwav we walked in an easterly direction towards an iron-capped hill from which a well- de fined lode can be traced running west in the direction of the main shaft. As a similai lode has been struck in tnc eastern drive the conclusion formed is thai th»y are thi same. The hill, which is about a quarter oi a mile away, carries indications of sold n- well as copper, und when our attention wa° directed towards a cliff formed by the crwfc taking a sharp bend round the bass of 1 high hill, and cutting a bed fan itself. The remark was made thai ftere was a striking similarity betweei the country aud parts of Western Australia To rho south of the shaft— about 100 ft away— a trial hole has been put down, and a lode shaping a southerly course, laid bar? To the westward, tbree--juarter« of a mile, a shaft has been sunk, aud this disclose! splendid- looking veins ot copper, whibt tear at hand, on the surface, is an outcrop of ore of splendid duality. The weatert lode, having a good dip, has already been proved, three-fluaitcrs of a mile from where the chief development i* now taking place Looking towards the mine from Xo. 4 shrift .1 bold outcrop attracts attention to the left. This we are informed is 'Castle Hi'!. and our curiosity being aroused we ascend the hill and walk round a pile of ironston' and quartz rocks which are heancd togethe: as if blown up by a rnortivc eruption From th«» topmost boulder, which look; like a pulpit awaiting a preacher, a fine view is obtained of the surrounding coun try. and as we take turn3 at _ the point ol va n't ape our stocks of MiperUtirc fldjectivM are largely drawn upon. A truly majmifi cant panorama is presented. You s'aad( your eyes and gaze towards Mount Rose away to the past, and note the long lint of dark-blue lull?, upon which the sun I. throwing evening shadows of varyinp shades such as the artist would delight tc transfer to canvas. A higher hill blocks s northern view, but in the direction 0 Prome Creek you can ratch climpses whicl lead you to think that the trees are larc und well-grown in that direction, and tlii impression is borne out by the mine ofii rials, who tell you that good timber is pro curable in that direction. Turn your fan towards the valley which dips gent'y in th- direction of the min» -and there is no ueet to wait to be -told that part of the claim of the Associated Copper Trust lie in 1 huge bann, whiist others tike in --urround ing hills possessing mineralized chatac icristics. We were well plea$cc with what we had been able to observe from a surface inspection. The opinion wai formed that if the underground rijow wai correspondingly good the Copper Trust owi mineral country which indicates the prc sence of large bodies of bigh-grad^ ore, car rying gold as well as copper to fair depths WHAT WE SAW BELOW. When the shades of evening had threw: their uUrk mantle over the lace of the cartii and juvt us the moon was beginning to pro tlucc a misty Jigiu, ana cause tnc wditt gums to I00K like attenuated ghosts, we fol lowed the example ot tue captaiu of tn- 1'iuaiorc, und went below. It was quite ex citing to hang to a perpendicular laddci wirn the kiiowicugc tuat tn^re was a cieai drop of 40 orM it. beluAv you; to feel th« wurm drops of candle grease generously dis Iributvd by tuc man above; and to heai the hum vf conversation, and the thud thud of the picks. The average man is nol likely to inaulgc lo excels in the excrcist of ladder-climbing, it is real hard work Our progress Uc.vn and up was klovf. liui nobody was in a hurry, end one rung at ; time was enough, 'luc timbering in th( ihait and drives is of a substantial charac tor, and if the woodwork could speak ii would probably declare that it had 'cotct to stay.' As tclcgiaphed xo 'The Register of Saturday, the shaft aud drives carry weil dftincd loan of grceu and biue carbonates also grey and black ore. Tiiere is a well tormed, smooth-faced iootwall, with a suit kaolin ilucan, whilst the fissure lode is well defined for 27 ft., with small bands of quart zite plainly visible. At a depth of W tt. sul phides were struck, undrheir presence, to gether with the promise of continuing is, oi course, an important consideration. A combination containing sulphur is a stroDj point in connection with smelting opera tions, and Captain JIathews informed us that the sulphides obtained bum welt, and can be cheaply treated. We also saw some fine shows of bluck ore, and the Mine Captain is in hopes of shortly un covering deposits of yellow and peucock ore, A VIGOROUS POLICY. The experts were as satisfied with what they had seen below a* they had been with the surface trhows, and the Directors came up more determined than ever to cony the main shaft down. A notice was posted in viting tenders for sinking, and at a meeting held in the evening the Directors gave in structions for the carrying out of a vigor oua policy of development. They ordered a winding plant, and made arrangement! for dealing with any water difficulty which might arise, and if all goes well it will nii be many months before the stacks of thi sniettcrs will be belching forth black to lumes of smoke over the Wecdna I»H«, THE VERDICT OF THE SHELTER. 'Tacts' we have been assured are— Chick that vinu dine. An' down bo disputed. From assays made on the mine— and. ead puce! of ore is careful]; tested before bcim lispatched— and from samples sent to the ;ity favourable returns have been obtained. Fhe verdict of the smelters has on every oc asion justified the figures of the assayer. Ihe returns have fluctuated np to 24 per cent, of copper, with a good percentage of gold. The assay of the last parcel ot ore rated was 24 per cent, of copper and 1 oz. J dwt. 18 gr*. of gold. The presence of gold is a pleasing feature of the ore being raised, ind as an auxiliary or a. dominant partner it will prove a welcome addition. Two hun dred tons of ore are now at the surface awaiting treatment, and this has given a satisfactory assay of copper and geld. Thus in every respect, so far as we were able to see for ourselves, and ascertain from figures which cannot be challenged, the Copper Trust claim* arc opening exceedingly well, and they promise important de velopment* in the future. That this is the opinion . held by the mine official?, the Directors, aud Mr. Green way wag publicly admitted at an im promptu gathering at wheh success to the Associated Copper Trust was proposed and responded to. HIE WATEtt SUPPLY. Having accomplished the mam object of the visit, attention was directed to the source from which a water suppjy is drawn by means of about a mile of piping. Our crack took as l-ast a blackfcllows camp, the :hief characteristic of which vu a pungent ironia aud the presence of a dusky king who said he was over a hundred years old. is there were no turtles or flying wombats it hand we did not attempt any rivalry of the De Rougcmcnt order. Members of the party, however, gave u practical demonstra tion of the value of the mining industry, md the 'Yarabas' and their pieaninnies, nrho would not stop to pick up a nugget in the crude form, eagerly grabbed the minted mineral when flung to them. VYecdnct Springs are beauty spots, with their little lakes of vlear water and the stately gums dotted in the lied of the creek and throwing deep shadows into the water. It is a line spot for meditation and senti ment, and will make an ideal lovers' walk some day! But that is anticipating and prophesying! But once produce the cop ier and gold and civilization and lovers wilt follow in due course. That the creek comes down a banker occasionally is indicated by the presence of flood debris high up in the trees. The Company have leased the springs, and the intention is to arrange for a regular supply of water for domestic and mining purposes. And here it plight be stated that the Directors have issued strict orders, with the object of assuring for their employes health and comfort, and no fault could be found with the ar rangements at the camp. If cleanliness be next to godliness, then they are a pious lot of resident* at Weedna. For all I know to the contrary they might be. T1IE LEIGH'S CREEK GROUP. Our return journey to the railway was made to the accompaniment of showers, which were exceedingly wet. However, we met with a warming reception at Burr Well, where Mrs. and Miss Darmody enter tained us to afternoon tea. We lost wonder ful appetites before leaving. The following day was devoted to the inspection of cop per claims in the vicinity of Leigh's Creek, recently purchased by Messrs. Brookman and De Rose. Under the guidance of Mr. C. H. Beaumont, the well-known mining engineer, and Captain Taylor, we inspected the leases locally known as O'Donnell's, Cutaway and Holiness. We began at O'Donnell's block, comprising 160 acre:, and it was not long bctore lavourable in dications of the existence of large bodies of ore presented themselves. At one point a fine lode has already been proved to the extent of 80 ft., and from visible ap pearance it looks as if a series of lodes arc dipping in the direction of O'Donnell's. in digging out a place .for the purpose of storing explosives nice - looking grey oxide was struck. Ihe copper-bearing formation has not beeu worked to any extent, the pros{»ectors con tenting themselves with digging up the sur face ore and selling it. However, in sink ing the many srauti holes on the surface they pointed out the possibility of a large formation carrying copper ore. It is in tended to strip the alluvial from the back of the formation aud quarry out the copper ore, and also to sink a good shaft to test the water supply and to cut into the forma tion at a depth of 100 ft., 200 ft., und each 100 ft. by wean* of crosscuts,' aod to re cover ore by stoping upwards until the open cut or quarry is reached. A trial shaft put dowii near the western boundary has produced red oxide of rich quality aud ore earning 34 per cent, of copper. Severtl small cross veins of copper ore have been discovered, and will be developed when re quired. A number of trucks of ore have been ucnt from these claims, and the crude stuff contained 71 per cent of copper whilst the roughly' dressed returned 14 per cent. Small purccls from the cross veins yielded up to 3r jk-r cent. The* values have beea taken from returns from the .Smelting Coiapauy. The Cutaway blocks are 1W acres in extent, and join O'Don nell's at the easterly corner. Ore has been raised by open-cut work to a depth of about 40 it. and SO yards 'lang. On another duiin to the north two cuts are down about 20 ft. wita a width cf 12 ft. to 15 ft. A second lode near the eastern boundary has been worked in Mr. Matbeson's claim adjoining, and proved to yield iirit-class ore, a truck load dispatched to smelters returning 21 per cent, of copper. Mr. M&thcscn;'s drive is now inside the Cutaway boundary, so that there U no doubt of the continuance of the lode into the Cutaway. On the sur iaco prills of copper are to be seen in all directions. Ilohnes's blocks arc half a mile south of O'Donnell, 2* miles from the railway Ra tion, and a few chains from the line iLsvlf. The developments on. these claims have exposed a huge sandstone formation, carrying copper in narrow veins running in every direction through the mass. A sandstone hill rises from the plain to about 100 ft. high at its highest point, and it seems about 3 to 4 chains wide. Shallow holes up ;o 17 ft. deep liave yielded the ore that has been dispatched to the smel ters, a small hand-jig having been used to concentrate it. The smelter's return gave from 22 j«r cent, to 34 per cent, of copjf r. A wide cut is now being made into the hill, so that two excellent faces for quarrying will be available as soos as required, zrom wlur-li. Mr. Beaumont says, it Mill be easy to take 500 to 600 tons daily if necessary. A fcumd formatiou has been discovered, which is expected to be a continuation of the Cutaway lode, which runs through the Mountain of Light property and continues into Holmes'* minis. A few shallow holes showing the existence of ore is all that has been done so far en this formatiou. llolmes's leases consisted of two chums of 40 acres each, so that Messrs. Brookman and De Rose own 400 acres of country iiighlv mineralized and exhibiting some line bodies of ore. The country rock is day slate generally, hut some of the hills arc of sandstone. Plenty of water is available 3 miles away, but it is intended to try and obtain water on the leases. A fair supply of gum timber can be obtained from the creeks near by. and this, together with the proximity of the railway, are im portant considerations in connection with the rapid aad cheap working of these pro perties. The Cutaway Syndicate, consisting of Messrs. Frank Stacy, C. Perry, ana F. Booth, have erected a concentrating plant at Windy Creek, three miles from the mine, and the ore has been carted there, crushed and concentrated, resuliinc in nearly '290 ton* of concentrate;' having been dispatched to the smelters. The plant cannot be con sidered as complete, as no arrangement was made for dealing with the slimes, and con sequently a prcat deal of copper has been temporarily lost. The result of several months' working has clearly demonstrated the f-ict that low-grade ores can be raised and concentrated cheaply and pro fitably. Assays made of the slime and railings from this concentrating plant in dicate a waste of up to S per cent. This is an item which will soon be rectified, as Messrs. Brookraan and De Ro?e took orer the machinery with the Cutaway property. Mrs. Stacy, having thoughtfully provided a little luncheon, we accepted of her hos pitality, and hurried back to the station in time to have a carriage tacked on -to a passing cattle train. And' so ended our in spection of two copner properties of con siderable promise. Mr. Greenway will draw up a report, recommending the correct treatment for the class of ores brought un der his notice, and those at the head of affairs have definitely decided -to develop the mines in a thorough and systematic manner. For the working of such copper shows a large amount of capita] is essential, and this will be forthcoming as required. It is a good thing for the colony when men like Mr. Brookman and Mr. Le Rose are induced to take the control of such mines, and it is to be hoped that their enterprise will be crowned with the success which their courage and the employment of their capi tal deserve and will probably command. 