OUR PARIS LETTER, Paris, August 20. . . DataitM Case. i, ' : The reappearance of M. Labori at RonneS after the dastardly attempt on his life, secures the acquittal of Dreyfus. Already tho signs of a breakdown of tho prosecution aro evi- dent. One by ono tho lies are exploded, and the forgeries proved homo. Nearly the first notof M. Labori waste oonviot GenernlMeroier — the great plotter — of purloining and forg ing State documents, ana the cross-examina tion .of the man who conspired for the annihilation of Droyfus, is far from being terminated. Of course the Wur Office will deal with hint on the conolusion of the triul,. and tho Publio Froscoutor will attend to his violations of ths oode. A re mark en passant on tho typos of tho witnesses, captains, colonels, and generals ; they are not prepossessing countenances savo in a few instances. The heads aro all of a reaeding shape and ' low foreheads. Colonel Picquart and General Boisdefire are oxooptione. Labor! turns the witaesseB iutido out, shows them up mercilessly and proves the little thoy know is of no importance and has been a lesson badly learned. Tho evidence is rosily a bad hush of that given before tbe Court of Appeal, but there is un exhaustive) cross-examination now, and that is the novelty. It is also tho source of' the break down of tho witness, he has no now facts to offer, he oannot eat his evidence, he dare not praduoo a forgery, he oanuot speculate on a fresh lie, and so ha oolapses, Trias the pile of lies and calumnies, that cireulated among tbe fanatical as current coin, vanish like ghosts at cock-crow. Had ths present system of defenoe been adopted at tbe original trial, in 1894, along with an open court, and tbe rudimentary elements of fair play. The existing drama would never have been born. One is shocked at the eboraoter of soma of the evidence" adduced, wherein the cOllege mates of Drey fus relate the oouvorsation and tricks of big schoolboys amongst themsolvcs, utid bring those forward as convioting proof of Dreyfus having writton the bordereau. Drevfus's Counsel. M. Labori, tbunks to his 39 years of age, his herculean frame, and robust constitution, speedily recovored from the shot meant to bring down himsolf rind Dreyfus at the same time. The bullet remains .in the spine, a souvonir of tbe state of Rennes. As some journalists bint that M. Labori was a party to his own assassination and that the wound is not at all serious, he intends to proseaute them for libel und so orash thoir calumny. On being shot, the glee of the onumies of Dreyfns was hardly concealed, and this renoted on tbe trial, which daily became more and mors compromising for the accused. The reUppeurahco of M. Labori ebangod all that. M. Labarl's esoape is due to his bard bringing up. He is now tho head of thu . Frenob bar, and the most eminent counsel lit tho most extraordinary trial of the age. He is the son of a humble railway em ployee, at Rheims; was destined for com merce, arid to loam which his shrowd father sent him to lenrn it in Germany. J£e learned there to dislike commerce ; but acquired a taste for ' literature, and tbe expounding of questions by publio speaking. He lived liko a hormit, and worked like a horse, and gained the confi dence of all who know him by his frank and affable manners. In bis cross-examination he uses no tricks to entrap tho witness, comes to the point at once, and by three or four pointed questions, drives home the nail and olinohes it. Dbetfos's Teial. The trial will likely extend well into September ; eaoh day, aR tho hearing pro ceeds, a fresh witness is nncarthed, ana he leads to a new lino of investigation. M. Labori !ms stated that while his colleague, M. Demango, is particularly ocoupied to defend his client Dreyfns, he, animated with the same object, considers himself as charged by honest France to lay hare the rottenness of the conspiraoy, and to secure that the Government takes the salutary measures required. _ Naturally all this excitement has its reaction on opinion in Paris, where every spconlator in u pretender or a doctrine finds the opportunity propitious to ventilate his otank. The anti-Semites, passing as anarchists, saoked a church with lightning rapidity, and kept their hand in for Coming work by Wounding 06 poUoemeh ; . in the Rue Ghabrol, a house— the rendezvous of tho anti-Semites and Office of their journal — has been oonverted into a "fort," and defies the authorities to dig tbe defenders out. The Government is blamed for its weakness in conducting correspondence with the 20 besieged Trojans, under the leadership of the retired tripe-seilOr, Jules Gaorin. Instead of negotiating tete-a-tete, they ought to have expetied them by physical force, and So end the oomedy ; Cutting off the gat, stopping tbe telephone, and stopping the water will only add to the self importance of the besieged. The latter ririe armed: to the tcoth, threaten to set firo to the house, and disappear Menhisto- pliplosiliko, in ;ftre and brimstone. It is a laughing scene for the Parisians, but a oostly one into tho burguin. The Exemtllvo has wisely decided not to bavo atiy vacation until the Dreyfns trial bo terminated, nor to aocopt any invitations to bnnquoto. ' It was good judgment to dissolve tbe Chamber of Deputies at so early a period, and so pnt an end to ono oentro (if excitation. It prevented tbe extreme royalists und ex- Boulangists pursuing their ordinary calling of oroating disturhanpee, They havo felt tho deprivation, as their numbor, some 51, con tinue pegging away at the President of the Chamber to summun the mooting of tho legislators, but as there aro 506 who prefer thoir holidays and the shooting of pat'ttidgos, hares, und rabbits to Work, tho proposal has been dcolihed with thanks. ' They will now havo to wult till near tho close of Ootober, to get an opportunity of badgering tho . Government.- By then the Dreyfus fever may have experienced a ' ' drop " of several degrees, arid the douche, whioh has beon applied to the arch-offenders of the general staff, by then will havo produced its effects. Ro importance is attached- to, the waiting and gnosning of teeth of this onoum- boring minority. Mutiny in tub Soudan. . The mutiny among a portion of the Fronoh tipops in the Soudan has produced a con sternation even in this feverish Dreyfus poriod. Captains Voulet und Chanoiuo have deliberately . shot down Lieutenant-colonol Klobb and Lieutenant Meyuier, .sent to exact un account, from them for thoir misrule, in that part of Africa, j Of course the French will do everything possible to arrest tho matinons officers . rind their men and bring thorn- to a di'Uin-heud court-martial ; but that step will entail peat difficulties, as the mutineers will join Haliab, tlio most powerful Sultan ill tho regions around Lake Tchad, where tiie English and .the Geimans have im portant interests. Indeed, Rahah pssses as boing rather friendly to tho British. This accession of tho French mutineers to him will Increase his power and keep that part of Afrioa for many a year in the bonds of bar barism, while the offeot of the tragedy will disuourage the French at home and willnot add to their prestige on tho Niger. Captain Chan- oine is tho son of tho rather ourious Minister of War in the Brisson Cabinet, the oiraumstanoes of whose resignation is one of the dark cards in the Dreyfus drama. France had enough of difficulties on her arm without this African scandai. Fbanok and tub Tbansvaal Teouble. The Transvaal difficulty causes but a little attention in Franoo, and that is a point Unole Paul ought to study in liis controversy with England ; ho has no foreign support, no likelihood of getting any, and oven Portugal throws him-off : so his cunningand obstinaoy have rilet thoir reward. It is not considered likely that- wur will ensue if England pours in troops to prove the determination of her : resolution to this time end, onoe and for all, the chronic troubles with tho South African republics, and to show that, "bluff" has no woigbt upon her decisions. It is not expected that the Orange Freo State : will jeopardise her existence by costing in her lot with the folly of Oom P&nl; and his clique, especially when England .welcomes the programme of Cecil Rhodes of " equal rights for all white men in Soath Africa."' On the other hand the British colonists hero would not bo opposed to a wur with the.Trunsvaal; itwould regularise tho position of Britain in her Cape empire. The Boers would, get tbe samo rights as Englishmen arid nothing more, but freemen desire nothing but that. Society in Sixes and Sevens./ Sooiety ie alt sixes' and sevens in conse quence of the Dreyfus affair. There is an apparent diminution of virulence. People arenotreeonoiled.yet, but the issne stands out olearly. and people commence to recognise their position. You oannot expeot people who have beeri at duggors drawn to immediately end their h'ate. It would require a long lapse of time to corioiliate foes so long separated Fathers and sonq' bavo done battle ovor tho affair; inothojra mid. daughters aro, not less estranged ; e;rid- relatives of the family have quilted the country to escape the misfortune of a broken up home and all its evils: many intended marriages hsvd been broken off ; many commercial transactions have been can celled ; and many sCoial umbitidos wrecked When this is the state, of things individually, what, than, must be the feoling of the country at large? . . ., . 