TIE UPPER W.ILlIOT. MINERAL FIELDS BEYOND. (By Our Spedial Representative.) No. II. In my previous article I ceased by stating that land had been taken up to within a few miles of the Shepherd and Murphy mine. For some time past negotiations have been proceeding be tween the Government and representa tives of the company owning the pro perty' relative to the improvement o6 the communication between the mine and Shellield, in order to permit or machinery being carted in and ore taken out. The company found a certain amount of the expenditure re quired, and the Belmont road is now carried on close to the property, but not metalled, and consequently soft, and in parts very boggy in winter. There are two portions in what is called "The Forest" which are especi ally bad, and efforts are now being put forth to have these filled up, for in their present state it is impossible to get heavy machinery over them. I understand that about 60 tons of machinery is to be conveyed to the mine, a task of no light nature, for there is plenty of up and down hill work along the road, and the un metalled sections necessarily make heavy going. The property is regarded by those interested as one of decided promise, and the company does not ap pear afraid to spend money in ade quately developing it. It contains, so 'far as has been ascertained, a set of parallel lodes carrying bismuth,' tin, anl wolfram. There are six known lodes, three, or probably four, payable. Tin is now commanding a satisfactory price, bismuth is worth about £300 per ton, and wolfram is also valuable. The mine manager is Mr. Weston, who is at present engaged in getting ready for the reception of the machinery, and doing other necessary work on the property. Beyond the Shepherd and Murphy mine are other properties, notably the DEVON SILVER LEAD MINE, situated on the Dove River. Work has been proceeding on this property for some time past, and a quantity of ore has been .sent away, 605 bags having been delivered at Railton railway station during the past month, and I understand more would have been forthcoming but for the block in traffic. There is reported to be 18in. of solid metal going along the course of the lode. Some time since a six-ton parcel was sent to Dapto, New South Wales, to be tested, and it was then declared to be ,worth £15 per ton. Since then the price of lead and silver has ad vanced, .so now the value per ton would be about £2 more. A sample of gossan taken from . the north end, bottom level, assayed copper, 0.6 per cent.; lead, 37.2 per cent.; silver, 209oz. •8dwts. per ton; gold, 14dwt: 17gr. per ton. Mr. 'W. Johnston is the mine manager. There are various other pro perties in the neighbourhood, including the Narawa, Mountaineer, and Belmont P.A. There is a. considerable extent altogether of mineral-bearing country, and it is contended that capital is all that is required to develop payable shows. Alluvial gold has been found bn the field, and I understand opera 'tions towards the -further working of the alluvial country are to be started again. The Middlesex field has from time to time attracted' marked atten tion, but capital is necessary to thoroughly develop it. Mr. Reynolds, who conducted the recent survey on to Rosebery, found indications of mineral bearing country, as yet unprospected, so it looks as if there is plenty of work for the pioneers of mining in the country out beyond .the Wilmot, Bel mont, and Middlesex districts in the future. AGRICULTURAL AND GRAZING LANDS. Those who have been through the country state that in the vicinity of the mineral areas there is land suit able for agricultural, grazing, and dairying purposes. Should a fair per centage of payable mines be developed this land would no doubt be taken up and worked. There are also .good timber belts, and an abundance of picturesque scenery. I understand that the necessary work of the Belmont road will be proceeded with as settlement and the improvement of the land in its vicinity progress. As I explained in my first article, land has been taken up to within a short distance of the Shepherd and Murphy mine, but Go vernment is waiting on those con cerned to develop their properties. THE NARAWA PARISH. After traversing the Belmont road as far has Mr. French's new house, I re- turned to the Junction, and, proceeding a short distance down the Forth road, wheeled to the left, and started along a thoroughfare which for the present has its termination at Williams's pro- perty. On either side of this road is some of the finest land on the North West Coast. It is estimated that about 10,000 acres are taken up in the parish. The Williams's property embraces in all some 1500 acres, about two miles from the Wilmot River. Mr. Williams has gone in for dairying, and is at present milking nearly 50 cows, Jerseys and Ayrshires. In the spring he esti- mates to have 100 in milk, and there is abundance of feed for them, and plenty of good water; in fact, the Wil- mot country throughout is exception- ally well watered. A considerable quantity of butter and cheese is turned out on the property, and a ready market found for both products. The road is in course of extension from Williams's to the Wilmot River, and a branch is to open out property held by Mr. Jacob Lehmann. Land in the parish is also held by Messrs. Benjamin Bye, Harrison, Ephraim Doe, C. Chiplin, Vaughan, Elwin, F. Carter, R. Ritchie, and others. In what is termed the Lower Wilmot, Mr. W. Windspeare has 1000 acres; Messrs. George Buck and Quayle also holding considerable interests. The road through Narawa is not metalled, and is consequently heavy going in the winter. On the homeward journey I was shown the solitary hut, situated in the dense forest, where poor Regan used to reside. This unfortunate man, it will doubtless be remembered, "was killed some months since through a tree falling upon him. The hut is now locked up, and looks a picture of wierd desolation—a spot constituting a favourable locality for a fearsome ghost story. While on the subject of huts in the forest, I may mention that I was especially struck with the dis- regard for safety many of the settlers exhibit in building them. Structures inhabited by large families are fre- quently erected and immense trees per- mitted to remain standing on all sides of them. The inmates never seem for a moment to entertain the thought that some windy day or night one of these monsters may fall and wipe them out of existence in a second. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION. SWhere the Wilmot settlers are likely to be handicapped for some time to come will be in regard to an easy means of communication with the most con- venient centres where markets are ob- tainable. And here I would impress upon them the all important fact that they are not likely to obtain a great deal unless they unite their forces and agitate. Agitation and a willingness to help themselves to a reasonable extent will do much. And I can see no "just cause or impediment" why easy means of transit should not be provided by means of both outlets, Sheffield and Leith. Most undoubtedly the Forth hill is a cruel climb for man or beast, and I cannot wonder that a deviation has been asked for. As stated recently in the "Examiner," a railway route has been surveyed which goes through the Wilmot country, and there are some who contend that a light line would serve the district well, besides doing away with the necessity of expending I large sums of money on road making. This, however, is a matter for expert opinion. Before concluding this article, I might mention that mining operations are resuming on Mount Claude, and that a Victorian speculator has lately been over to look at the Black Bluff. Messrs. Sykes, Turnbull, and York recently obtained a satisfactory report on some samples taken, from Mount Claude, showing that ore of the quality tested could be disposed of at a very fair profit. There is an evident tendency towards persistent efforts in developing the mineral resources of the various fields in the localities mentioned, and as operations progress the need of improved means of com- munication becomes more and more it apparent. it 11 Train up a Child.-A little girl, be Le fore going out to a tea party was .d coached in conduct by a fond mamma. 1- "You may take cake twice if it is of- . )f fered you, but if you are asked a third d time you must say, with all possible n politeness, 'No, thank you!'" On her i- return home she gave assurance that .o she had remembered and followed the s, maternal instructions; "but," she .o added, "the servant brought the cake i- to me a fourth time." "And what did 1, you say then?" enquired mamma. "Oh," k was the startling rejoinder, "then I e thought of what papa does sometimes, I- and I said, 'Take it away and don't .e bother.' "-"Referee." Healthy Devonport.-The people of Devonport and surrounding districts have much to be thankful for, the beautiful sea air rendering everything so fresh and in Svigorating. The one drawback to Devon f port is the drainage, and no doubt in a \- few years the health of the people will d suffer for it. Typhoid, scarlet fever, and Sother abominations will become visitors in d our beautiful summer. Already there may be heard the whoop of the poor child who Sis in the early stages of that awful cough, d whooping cough. A word to the wise is )f sufficient. When the little one shows Lt symptoms of this cough rub the chest , and back well with camphorated oil, and it give small, repeated doses of Doctor Bland's Balsamic Balm, a registered medi cine, which can be procured from Mr. Dcs. Ssetor, chemist, Devonport, or from Fair Sthorne's Dr Cox's, Launceston, price, Is 6d Sand 2s Gd a bottle. Speaking of this \- remedy, we say with assurance that it is 1- the finest mixture klnown for the cure of coughs, colds, bronchitis, or lung troubles, and would strongly advise people to keep a bottle in the house for emergencies.* d EAT JONES' IXL JAMS. 