lABriARBAIIITY. CHAPTER VI.— (Continued.) . '. \- - As it provea, we were not^L second too'early . in oqr-hiding. A clattering of hoofs announced tliht 'tlie 'honses were qjpme to the stable door; , and it was to our flire ; mfef brtunegimat tbeic; riders here dismounted and held, a' council,' whose import^ was the reverse -of comforting to us. Leaving their'; knimals outside, they sought the projection of the stable against the bitter air, and ' without restraint discussed their future courses. From our vantage in the upper chamber we looked down and listened with all ears through the trap; and, as they liad evidently not the least knowledge of our presence there, we felt quite a keen enjoyment in the situation, which was terribly dashed, however, by the resolution they arrived at. 'You . men,' says one, with the authority proper to a corporal— Corporal Flickers was hie title, as later I learned to my sorrow— 'you men, this fox is a knowin' varmint Why did he come back here? I puts it to you. 'Why did he come back here?' ' 'Cause c' me lady,' was suggested by one of hie companions 'Eggsac'ly,' says the Corporal. 'George, . you're knowin' you are, yon take my word for that. 'Cause o' me lady. And if I was to have a free hand wi' my lady, what is it I'd do to her?' ? 'Screw her blazin' neck,' suggested the same authority. 'Eggsac'ly,' says the Corporal; 'screw her blazin' neck. George, you're knowin', you are. Oh, theair'stocracy! They never was no good to England, and damn me if they don't get ; wuss. Never did no honest' labor in their naturals. Lives high; drinks deep — ow! it turns me pink to mention 'em. It does, George ; Marshal; it does, John Pensioner; fair con gests my liver. And fer brazing plucky impi dence their wimmen is the wust. This here ladyship in perticular, a sweet piece isn't she? Never does a stitch o' honest labor, but sucks pep'mint to find a thirst, and bibs canary wine to quench it. And it's you and me George, you and me John, as pervides this purple hussy wi' canary wine and pep'minL Us I say, hon est tillers o' the land, honest toilers o' the eea, as is the prop o' this stupehjuous air'stocraey. It's we I say what finds 'em in canary wine and pep'mint. Poor we, the mob, the scum, the three-damned we what's not agoing to heaving when we dies. But who's this lady ship as she should let a. prisoner out in the middle o' the night, and sends six humble men but honest a-scourin' half Yorkshire for him. As Joseph Flickers allus was polite he'll not tell you what her name is, but do you know what Joe'd do if he had a daughter who grew up to be a ladyship like her?' ''Drown her,*' Mr. George -modestly sug gested. 'George.' says the corporal, in a tone of ad miration, 'you1 are smart, my boy, downright smart, that' s what you are! Drown her's what I'd do, with her best dress and Sunday bonnet on. I should take her so, by the back of her commode, gently but firmly, George, and lead her to the Ouse. And then I should say, 'Ladyship, I allows you five minutes fer your prayers, for they never was more needed; be cause, ladyship, I'm agoing to drown you, like I would a ordinary cat what strays upon the. tiles at nights, and says there what she shouldn't say. Ow, you besom wi' your small feet and your mincing langwidge, you should smell hell if Joseph Flickers was your pa!' ' Now I have sat long and often in a play house, but Sir John Vanbrugh, Mr. William Congreve, and all those other celebrated gen tlemen of mirth have yet to give me an enter tainment I enjoyed half so much as this. There was something so utterly delightful in the idea of Corporal Joseph Flickers being my papa, and his conception of a parent's duties in that case, that I had perforce to stuff my cloak into my mouth to prevent my laughter disturbing my humorous enemy. Next moment, though, there was scanty cause for mirth. The corporal, having de livered this tremendous speech with a raucous ! eloquence, gave it as his opinion that the pri soner had already been let' into the house with my connivance, and that I had put him in hid ing there. They were unanimous in this, and came to the conclusion that he would abide some hours there at least, as he had been so sternly chased that he could not crawl another mile. This was true enough, as their quarry took occasion to whisper as they said so. It was considered inadvisable to challenge the house just then; the majority of its inmates being abed, the night not yet lifted, and there fore favoring concealment, and above all they were full of weariness themselves, and their horses beaten. Accordingly they determined to put their horses up, and also to allow their own weariness a few hours of much needed rest. 'Even ns, the mob, the scum, can't go on for ever; what do you say, John Pensioner?' the corporal remarked. 'Truest -word you've spoke this moon, Joe,' John Pensioner asserted, with a yawn for testi mony. 'Where'll we sleep, though, corporal?' in quires my Mend, Mr. George. 'There's a hayloft top o' this,' the corporal continued, 'pretty snug wi' straw and fodder. Roomy, too; bed six like blazes. And warm, warm as that 'ere hussy of a ladyship will be in the other life, when the devil gives her pep' mint but no canary wine.'' ??? 'The Tery spot!' by general acclamation. I could have cried out in my rage. This meant simply that we must be' taken like a T-raceof pheasants m a snare. With the sol diers already established underneath there did not appear the. remotest possibility of escape. 'The game's up, madam,' the poor prisoner whispered to me, while I whispered curtly back again that I'd be better suited if he'd hold his -tongue. 'But you, my dear lady, you?' says he, heedless of my sharp reply, -''twill: never do for you to be discovered with me thus. Nay, you shall not. Rat me, but T;have a plan! They are still underneath this trap .., you see, as sembled in a talk. I'll drop . down, in their midst, scuttle with 'em, and while we are thus engaged you can get from here into' the yard, and slip, back to the house unseen, and so leave them none the wiser.' 'Very pretty,' says I, 'but how am I to get from here into the yard? It means a ten-foot drop upon weak ankles, for the ladder, you observe, Is no. longer there.' 'Confound it!' says he. 'I'd forgot the ladder. Of course it is not there. What a fool I am! But, 'oons, here's a means to over come it, madam. We'll drop a truss of straw down, and that will break your fall if you leap upon it carefully.' ' 'I'm to run away, fhen, while you, my lad, are to be delivered up to death?' . 'Perhaps,' he dubiously said; 'but then. I am tie least to be considered.' 'Then, I intend to do nothing of the sort,' says I. ''Tis like man's vanity to cast him self for the part of hero. But I think I can strut through that part just as handsomely as you.' ? . . 'Yop have your reputation, madam, to con sider,' he- reminded me. 'They surely must not find you here.' ; 'A fig for reputation. and Jier dowager pre prieties. A-m I not a law unto myself?' \- This was a simulated flippancy, however, for we were in ia grievous situation now. .But the ' desperation pt it spurred me, and very soon I found a plan by which the fugitive might after all, go free. It called for a pretty daring act, and much Mud fortune in its execution. Ad venture nothing,. aiothing win,: is, 'however,; the device by which' I am only too prone to order niy behavior. For even granting that-your effort fails, the excitement it engenders is some-thing of a compensation. - Briefly my stratagem was Qiis. I would exchange .jdoaks.wlt|i. the rebel, muffling my formiiprtfioibughly M his militaryi&fctieie;, and don his three- cornered hat in lieu of the hood I wore. : Thus arrayed^ 'twas not too much to think that when hia enemies caught a view of ?.;;;/; O^'f :'??..:'?-/.'. ..»--.-?' ??.-.. '''?. = ' ? me In the tmeerisSn moonlight, and expecting to see the prisoner there and ajt that season, they would mistake me for Mm. In an un dertone that admitted of no parley p caused the \ prisoner to effect this alteration in his attire, and having done^eo speedily, I gave him fur- 1 ther of any plan, : . I 'My lad,'* -says I,'' 'let us drop: that truss of 8tPaw,j^pwn,-as you said/ but we must take care^tnat none of them see us do so. I am 'then to fall upon it, and having done so safe ly, shall contrive to advertise them of the fact. And when they run forth to seize me I shall flee hot foot across the park. They will, of course, pursue me. Then, sir, will be your time. While we are having our diversion in the grass, the path will be open for your flight into the house. You will find one of the kit chen bolts unslipped, and on my reiura I shall expect to then discover you awaiting further orders.' ''Tis a sweet invention, madam,'' he replied; 'but how shall you fare when they catch you and your identity is known?' 'The chances are,' I answered stoutly, 'that they will not catch me. A thick wood in fringes on the path a quarter of a mile away. If I once reach that, and I think I can, for these men are dog-weary and I shall have a start of them, I'll wager that I am not taken. For I could traverse every inch of that wood in the darkest night.' The rebel was exceedingly loth to let me do this. But the more I pondered the idea, the more I became enamored of it; email the dan ger, the exertion not excessive, the prospect of success considerable, the promise of diversion great. There was all to win and nought to lose, I told him. Besides, in the end I did not condescend to argue, but simply set my foot down and led him to understand that when Bab Gossiter had made her mind up no mor tal man could say her nay. Therefore he submitted, with a degree of re luctancy, of course; yet none the less did he obey me to the letter. First we peered down through the trap to see what our enemies were at. They were succoring their horses. This being a three-stall stable only, three of their steeds had to be elsewhere furnished. The corporal, John Pensioner, and another soldier had led their animals into the one we occupied, whilst the others had taken theirs w the one adjoining. Choosing a moment when all the men were in the stables the prisoner dropped a struss of straw down gently ten feet to the stones. Then we listened painfully if this movement had been discerned by those within. Seemingly they were all unconscious of it, for they went on uninterruptedly in the bedding of their horses. Therefore the moment was still propitious, and I ventured my descent. Quick ly I-stepp.ed to the edge of the loft, got through the wide barn that enclosed the provender1, dropped upon my knees, tightly grasping my companion's outstretched hands, ? swayed an instant above the space that intervened be tween me and the straw, was lowered several inches nearer to the ground by virtue of the rebel's offices, then - renounced my grasp of him and leapt lightly into the cushion that awaited me beneath. The shock of the fall was of the slightest, and left me ready for an immediate flight. This was truly fortunate, as it was evident that my descent had been duly noted by the corporal and his men. Hear ing a commotion in the stable and various as tonished cries, I began to run at orice, and was perhaps, the best part of a hundred yards away ere they came fuming and shouting from the stables, and were at last alive to the situation. 'The horses, men, the horses!' bawled the corporal, never doubting that it was the pri soner in full flight. To lead forth their weary beasts, to saddle them, and to coax them to pursuit meant such a loss of time that I was far out in the middle of the park ere they had started on their way. I headed straight fer the gaunt, shadowy line of woods that looked the veritable haunts of ghosts and the supernatural, with the deep, dark masses of tree and foliage bathed in the eermess of snow and moonlight. It always was my pride that, though a woman of the mode, I could, when in the country, run both easily and lightly, being blest with the nim blest feet and a stride which, if not an athlete's, had at least a spring and quickness in it not to be despised. Further, it was easy running across the soft, thin carpet of the snow, whilst the flakes had ceased to fall, and the bitter wind was dead. .1 was soon aware, however, that it was to be the sternest race. Once mounted and away, the hunters decreased the wide distance that was between us mighty soon. And presently I knew that my long start would prove not a yard too much to enable me to reach the woods. In a little while, being in no state for such violent and prolonged exertion, my chest became restricted and my breath grew dread fully distressed. And evry minute my pur suers drew more near. Therefore, despite my discomforts, I set my teeth and trotted on as determinedly as ever; and I would have you to believe that I felt a fierce delight in doing so, for after long months of a suppressed and arti ficial course of life, this strange race in the snow seemed to return to very nature. Sure, hah! an hour of this tense, exhilarating agony of hope and fear and breathless energy were worth a hundred triumphs in the drawing room. Yard by yard the. horses ran me down. But I had fixed my eyes upon those weird trees ahead, that assumed shapes more palpable and familiar as I ran; and though I could hear the perpetual shdutings and hoof-thuds of my enemies, I never once looked back, but trotted valiantly-an with a mind for nothing but the woods. There was no time then to enjoy the qnaintnees of the matter, or to laugh at my ridiculous employment. However, that lack hath been made np later. Soon I was so near the trees that I could plainly see the., ditch I had to cross, and the very gap the hither side it in the fence that I proposed to scramble through.' The proximity of safety lent me strength, and for a few yards my failing pace was perceptibly improved. Here I had a horrid fright. My feet were almost on those dim, mysterious woods, the snow upon them pure, the moon upon them eerie, and such a mighty silence in the trees that if a squirrel cracked a beech twig the re port of it ran among them like a gun, when a pistol barked out loudly and brutally, and a bullet whistled by my ear and pattered harm lessly in the ditch. 'Twas a very cruel, pe remptory means, I thought, and my heart stood, still with terror. Not my feet, forsooth, for fear was a sharp spur to their nagging ardor. I durst not look behind, but the shot informed me : that, despite the perilous nearness of my pursuers, they saw that I must be the first within the wood, where horses could not fol Jow, and among that continent of branch and herbage they knew that their search must prove most difficult. Evidently they meant to stay my entrance, cost what it may. Another shot yelped out at me, another, and then another. One touched my hat, I thvnfr, but that was all. Verily the devil was wonderfully kind this morning. And strange as you may think it, I felt pretty callous to these bullets. Nay, I was not afraid of anything. My spirit had thrown for once the fetters of convention off. It was itself for one brief hour. It was part of the earth and the trees, the snow and the moonlight; free as air and primitive as nature. 'Twas running unimpeded f-under God's mtfon, without any of our eighteenth^century fop peries of brocades and powders on it ??' I scrambled through the ditch and out again, brushed through the hedge-gap at the cost of cloak' rents and a briar in my hand, and found myself within the thicket. I plunged into the ' deepest I fiould-find, but as I did so a new vol ley rattled above my head among the trees, and the splinters from a shattered bough missed my face by inchesjand fell across the path.' Knowing the ground so thoroughly I ccnjld. take;,a- great advantage of it,1 and sure ey^'bit of It was Reeded, -for my pursuers were desperately close. There was so thick 1 a ring of branches to this wood that the moon could hardly penetrate, and not the snow at all. Thus the: question of footprints had not to be encountered, and the deep gloom that slumbered everywhere also lent me aid. Once under the protection of fhe trees I checked my pace, for Tnithis 'sandtiiary it would be easy to*=dodge a whole battalions = °- . ? (To be continued.) 