FLASHES. APHORISMS. Fortunes' benefits are mightily mis- placed, and the bountiful blind woman doth most mistake in her gifts to women. Those Fortune makes fair she scarce makes honest, and those that she makes honest, she makes very ill favour'dly. Since the little wit that fools have was silenced, the little foolery that wise men have makes a great show. All traitors, if their purgation did consist in words, they are as innocent as grace itself. Beauty provoketh thieves sooner than gold. As all is mortal in nature, so is all nature in love mortal in folly. He that hath learned no wit by nature nor art may complain of good breeding, or comes of a very dull kindred. The oath of a lover is no stronger than the word of a tapster. They are both the confirmers of false reckonings. All is brave that youth mounts and folly guides. Real honesty dwells like a miser, in a poor house, as your pearl in a foul oyster. —As You Like It. It is terrible when two men fight: the beast is too apparent. From sweetheart and wife man must keep some secrets. Must still house the ghosts, the pale wraiths of remem- brances. \--- A CAPE-ABLE GENERAL.—Sir Redvers Buller.—Judy. LABOUR AGITATOR.—Wot we want is men wiv convictions, but where aw dey to be fahnd? Voice in Crowd: In gaol! Cigarette. YOUTHFUL WISDOM.—"This," said a little boy who was showing some country friends the sights of London, "is the square that the Battle of Trafalgar was named after."—Fun. DIDN'T LOOK IT, AT ANY RATE.—De Boosey: So, of course, since the failure of the society I've become a liquidator. Phuniman: Liquid hater!! Why you couldn't if you tried.—Larks. A WORK OF SUPER-ERROR-GATION.— Stage Manager: You oaf, I told you to say, "They found his drowned body on the strand," and you said they found it in Fleet-street! Super: Shuro, sorr an' if I did; they joins one another.— Pick- Me-Up. EXCITING CHESS.—Bridget: You must feel a bit lonesome, mum, sitting there.—Visitor: Yes. I am waiting for my husband to finish playing.—Bridget: Playing! Is that what your'e calling it? Shuro; they're just looking at a table, doing nothing!—Judy. GREAT SCOTT!—Colonel (to recruit): What's your name, my man!—Recruit: Scott, sir.—Colonel (facetiously): I suppose your'e the man they swear by. Recruit: No, sir, I am the man they swear at.—World's Comic. CONFLICTING INTERESTS.—She (sternly): What was that noise I heard early this morning in the hall when you came in? He (unblushingly): It must have been the day breaking, darling.—Coloured Comic. THE POINT OF VIEW.—Exasperated Old Gentleman (to lady in front of him): Excuse me, madam, but my seat has cost me ten shillings, and I want to see. Your hat——The Lady: My hat has cost me ten guineas, sir, and I want it to be seen!—Punch. COUNTRY-SIDERS.—First Country Boy: "Wer be 'a-goin,' Jim?" Second Country Boy: "Aint a-goin' nowheres." First Country Boy: "Yes, you be." Second Country Boy: No, I baint. I be a comin' back." A BOSTON BIRD.—"Does Polly want a cracker?" asked the thoughtless individual.—"This is not a case of want," replied Polly, who was a Boston bird, "I require a biscuit."—Puck. THE DIFFERENCE.—Ella: Pa says we can't marry for ten years. But don't look so sad, George; you are yet young. George: Yes, I know I am, dearest. I wasn't thinking of myself, but of you, love.—Illustrated Bits. THAT BLESSED BABY.—Visitor: Don't you think it absurd, Mrs. Brown, most mothers seem to think their own baby the best in all the world!" Mrs. Brown: So stupid of them, dear. Now if they were all like my little Willie here, they might talk."—Puck. SHORT MEASURE.—A hostess, having asked a guest to have a drop of whiskey, and received a smiling assent, poured out a very small quantity with the remark, "This is very old." "Yes," was the guest's reply; "but it's very small for its age." 