[?] Tflfe COLO SHIP, SETERE AND OENERAL FR0STS. Australian readers of Mr. Dickens' s delightful 'Christmas Carol,*' who remember his description of the fog and frost that prevailed upon tie night that Marley's Ghost visited Scrooge, the miser, no doubt' on Sunday morning and night gathered some small idea of what the frost upon tljat me morable occasion must have been like. In Syd ney Itself a very respectable imitation of a frosty English. 'winter day was on Sunday presented to :he sight and feeling of early risers and- belated fdysterers. The keen south-west wind blowing sff the snow- clad mountains brought with it a touch of the Antarctic. All the parks and open srass spaces in and around the city were covered irtth glistening hoar frost, which had not vanished mtil long after the sun had turned from a ball of Ire rising through the fog bank which shrouded the east. The icy wind was very much in evi lence, however, and shade temperatures were con sequently greatly depressed. At the Observatory the minimum of 32.2deg (grass) and the. maximum of 52deg only were respectively recorded- but it is quite conceivable that there are plenty of colder spots about the city. . Anyhow, the streets, down which the chilly wind wandered at its own sweet will, were noticeable from the fact that where there was a sunny side thece were the people; where there was no sun there were .very few passers-by, and still fewer loafers. '- Sunday norning, in fact, was about the coldest Sydney has experienced for nearly five years, and at midnight :he cold was intense — for this part of 'sunny New South Wales.' Froin the country, yesterday, Mr. Russell received some remark able records. Kiandra, needless to say, is easily Brst with the bracing temperature of '5de'g Fah renheit — or 27deg of frost. Wellington with 15deg, and InverelJ with 14deg, are about good bracketed seconds; while Glen Innes sustains its Caledonian name by adhering to a regular High land temperature of 17deg. Very severe frosts, with temperatures of about 19deg to 2Gdeg, are^ recorded from no fewer than forty-two stations, ctiefly-in the hill region. It is very much cooler at Coolah than is usually looked for, even in July, while Booligal (so generally mentioned in com pany with Hay and other very warm places) makes a shocking departure from its continental reputation by recording 'clear, hard frosts.' 'Hard frcet in Booligal!' There was a mourn ful expression in Mr. Russell's voice as he read the message; much as if he considered Booligal had disgraced itself. Heavy and severe frosts were reported from Albury, Yass, Moss Vale, Qui rindi, Mount Victoria, Parkes, Murrurundi, Mus wellbrook, Warialda, Murrumburrah, and Tam worth; hard frost from Grenfell, Hill End, Narra bri, Cowra, Hillston, and Bingara; at Nimitybelle, it was snowing heavily, and at Taralga, the snow fall, when melted, equalled 9 points of rain. , The following were the degrees of frost recorded: j Albury 4deg, Armidalo S, Balranald 4, Bathurst j 8, Bendemeer 2, BJngara 12, Bodalla 3, Bombala 7, Bundaira 4, Careoar 2, Cassilis 6, Cobar 1, Col larendabri 2, Condobolin 2, Cooma 7, Coonabara- j bran 2, I-ubbo 9, Forbes 4, Gerrcanton 2, Glen 1 Innes 15, Goulburn 5, GunnedaJi 3, Hay 8, Inverell j 17, , Jerry's Plains 9, Katoomba ,4, Ki- I andra . 27, Marsdens 3, Menindie 30, ; Molong' 3, Morangarell 1, Moree 30, Moss Vale 3, Mount Hope 1, Mount Victoria 5, Mudgee 11. Mungindi 1, Murrumburrah 27, Mur- : rurundi il, MuswelJbrook 3, Narrabri 7, Narran dera 5, Nimitybelle 5, Nymagee 2, Orange 3, Queanbeyan 7, Quirindi 6, Rockley 4, Singleton 3, Tabulam 5, Tamworth 9, Tenterfleld 8, Uralla 7, j Walcha 10, Wagga 6, Walgett 1, Warialda 10, \ Wellington 17, Young(-. Freezing point was re- ? corded at Bcwral, Braidwood, Cowra, Euston, and .Wilcannia. The rain records for the 48 hours ended 9 a.m. were: Aibury 14 points, Carcoar 8, Eden 2, Gabo j 58, Jervis Bay 12, and Nimitybelle 5. 