A Iiover fromi)artJ2ioor. CHATTED; XI. She took his Arm' and essayed to take a step or i'wo, .but her foot was too badly irjured ; the pain was too intense.- She gave ft little despairing moan, and tank upon the ground again. ' Nd, you must go, and send some one to fetch we. Oil, please—please mike haste; It'a no use my trying,' she cried, bursting into tears again. *1 can't walk.' 1 Then 1 must carry you, dearest,' he raid, the. word.seeming to'slip f om hia lips quite naturally. You'll let me, won't you? I am very strong, and you are no great weight. Tl ere, if you will put your arm round my neck I can carry you quite oasily so.' She suffered him to lift lier, and to carry her just as if she had been a child. He was, as he had said, very strong j nevertheless, encumbered as he was, he could not walk quickly, and there was no house nearer than the Lodge itself. They would certainly be half an hour in getting there. O'lve was wild with apprehension. ' What time is it?' she kept asking him. ' Oil, do you think we will be there in time.' ' It is not midnight yet,' he kept telling Ler. ' You may be quite sure they would not make an attempt any earlier than that.' But, even while ho spoke thus re assuringly to her, he quiekentd his pace,/although already the veins in hie temples were standing out like whipcords, and the perspiration was streaming down his facc. It was striking twelve, when they at length reached Tarbet Lodge The house was in total darkness. Evi dently the whole household had retired to bed. A little gate leading to the grounds was open. Through this Trevor passed with bis burden, and seeing the garden sea*, he whispered in her ear: ' Now, I shall leave you on this seat for a single minute while I look round. I am wondering whether it will not be tost to ring the bell and boldly rouse the house, but I will just look round and see if 1 can unearth that Ecoundie' first. Do you know which is my uncle's room V She did, and showed it htm. t Why, there is a ladder underneath the window!' be exe'airned. * By Jove, I must know what that m^ans.' . low as his voice -was, his-words-were ovei heard. A dark form which had . b* en concealed among the shrubs at the foot of the ladder emerg'd stealthily, and endeavored to reach the gate under cover of the trees. But be was not quick enough. Trevor'c eagle' eye detected him, and Trt-vor himself with a bouud like that of an angry lion, was upon him. In a moment he had him in his grasp, and holding bim fiitnly by the collar, turned his face to the rising moon. It was Valdi's face, livid with fear and rage. ' Ha! You reptile!' cried Trevor in big ear. 'So you would murder Sir John, would you J Bat you were a little <£00 date, yon infernal ^Uain !' Then 'raising, big Voice heEhouted, * H in tones,* that in less than half a minute heads were out of every «in^gjjr,,J5ir JjQ.hn, hinirelf at the one -immfediately above their ITads. pn****, - -*■ •Come downed <Spen thejcloor^ called T>evor? M^iave^gtit a Irouhffi. be uiurd rer here." Coine 'down^^pcS of you, and help mc to secure huri^ The pame was up. In lees than . <4»« Ma J6wv®ijttr ' .„Xhi« w Cjitu -Wie liall-3oqr; aud issnited I Trovor to rmnptaln Iiis -o.ipi uif, Un bind thrm came L df Trevor, white as a ghost, and trembling visibly. Robert Trevor being .still disguised, she did not know him. -lie, upon his part, eyed he#. Villi' ill-conceal^l con tempt. V * Wliat '-are you doing ?' she de manded, trying to speak haughtily, though her voice shook. "Do you know this is Count Valdi—Sir John's friend f' « Wfi know lie would have been Sir John's murderer in another quarter of an hour,' retorted Trevor. He added bitterly, 1 As he was near being tvro years ago.' She Eaid not another word, but hung back, ; se'imngly completely cowed. Valdi did not speak either. He knew the game was up. 1 Lock him in some safe place,' cots-, lnsnded Trevor; then, without wait ing to see this done, he hurried back into the garden-to fetch poor Olive, who was sitting in an agony of sus pense where he had li ft her. As he carritd her into the house, the first person he saw was his uncle, who had dressed himself hastily, and was coming down the stairs. ' Now what is all tbisT he began, a little impatiently, then seeing Olive, he suddenly grew dumb with amaze ment. ■ If you will ;d!ow Miss Beresford and me to speak to you in private you shall hew, sir,' said his nephew, still keeping; the ton# and manner of e servant). ' Oh ! Well, come this way. My dear child, addressing Olive, 'surely you are not injured. "Whatever is the matter ?' He'tiad opened the door of one of the rooms, and lighted a lamp as he spoke. Trevor laid Olive on a sofa, then Btood beside her and gave tier a beseeching look. ' Will you tell ?' he said. ' I would so much rather you did.* . The color came back to her pale checks, and she quite forgot the pain in her foot. Raising herself to a si'ting posture she rela'ed all the events of the last few hours. Sir John was thunderstruck; and yet it was easy to Eee he 5 elii.ved her —ea^y to see that the viieness of his wife's nature was at last wade clear to Lis eyes. 4 Then it was he—this villian Valdi —who attacked ine two years ago!' were his first words. ' But how was it possible ?' ' Possible enough if he were hidden in the room, and attacked you and your nephew at the same moment in '.he darkness,' cried Olive, eagerly. ' For a long time now I have thought it might be so. Think how easy it would be for anyone to rush forward and turn out the gas behind your backs, then attack you, and make each one think he was attacked by the other.' * Good gracious! And bo it would be,' said Sir Jolm, looking at her ad miringly. ' D ar mel (o think I never 6Uspeo'ed such a tiling. Poor Robert ■ poor ill-used lad. He will never tor give me.' ' Don't fay (hat, sir, until you 'have tried him,' said Robert, quietly. Thore was a smile on his lips, but his eyes were wet. He pulled off the false wig and beard, then turned to bis as ton i-hed uncle,1 and held out his hand. ' There, sir !* lie said, in a voice of deep feeling. ' Will you forgive Robert as freely as he forgives yon 3' • Wellj well! TJpon my word!' Eh, dear ! Eh, dear, whoever would Jiave dreamed of this ? Why, Robert—yes, it's rea'ly be—my nephew" Robert! My poor wronged lad! Forgive, in deed! Why, I've nothing-to forgive ; but you—eh, Robert, Robert!' ■' Andtlie bid man fairly broke down, and sobhed and wept as he c)a?ped bis nephew in his armf. • *. ... : Whether Sir John intended to place his wife and her lover at the bar of a crjminaf court or hot, j;be.^opportunity w»s3eni«d hiui, foe they both made ilieirpscape i iiat 'Vf ry night. jwiiit h Valdvwas placed |reing4h>ft .unguarded, Xady* Trevor "-conmved to give him his liberty, and the shared, his flight.. In due conrac Sir John divorced Sfl'rJ tj«-ilhfr, "eVe. mgft Valdi -eror crossed his pa'-h HgaiiJ. -JorluuBlVfy for Robert Trevor, however, they left behind tlicm a number of letters, which abuudantly proved Vafcii to have bren the perpetrator of the attack in Devonshire. / As Olive's quick woman's wit had suspected, he had been secreted behind a curtain in Sir John's study, with the intent to strike him a fata! blow, and bo leave Lady Trevor free for him to wed. When Eobert Trevor entered, the wily villian was quick to tee liis ad. vantage. While their backs were both turned to him he emerged from his concealment, turned down the gas, and hurling the frail old man to the ground wit h one hand, struck Robert a hravy blow with a bludgeon he carried in the other. In the darkness, and, Btill more, the excitement caused by the shock, neither uncle nor nephew' dreamed of suspecting the presence of a third party. Valdi had undoubtedly intended to murder the old baronet, but the dog outside the door had get up such a howling that he feared the house would be alarmed, and, after striking one blow at Sir John as he lay prostrate, and dragging Robert Trevor outside into the air to recover bis scattered senses as best be could, he made good his escape. When once this had been proved, it wos only a matter of form for Robert Trtvor to obtain a 'free pardon ' from the Government. How he escaped from Dartmoor was i a tiling which long exercised the mind of the public, as well as that of the prison officials ; but the eecret was well kept, and not for years did it even begin (o be suspectf-d that it was (o the brave spirit and generous mind of Mr. Champion's niece he owed his freedom. When Sir John returned to Moiiks dftle, his nephew went with him, re stored to even wore than his old place' in his love and favour ; and -when, a year later, the poor frail little Hum phrey pined away, the nephew was once again the heir. Btfore that time, <fiowever, Olive was Mrs. Robert Trevor. It S'emed to tc quite a mutter of course from the veiy first tbat they ehou'd thare their joys and sorrows until ckath parted them. Mrs. Trt-vor used laughingly to say her husband had done very little love mak'ng. Things were taken so much as a matter of course that she was really not quite sure whether he had ever asked her to be his wife. Whether this were so or not, no woman has had more love-making after marriage than she. They have been married three years, and they are lovers still. The End. 