lie Anglican Synod tttr pBESIDENT'6 ADDEE3S. The seoand aeseianofthemnth Syrfodof the Dioceee of Grafton and Monday ' afternoon last at the Oddfellows TT.ll, Tamworth. Here «»»large attend- 1 snce of the general public. The Bishop gave j an inaugural address ea fqjlows:— I Kt Baafshw was® Olbbot' ash of thb lain. It is nine yeara ainoea e«aBon rf Synod met in Tamworth. Meanwhile, the town has not-only grown materially, but Jmsbecoine theoentre"bf an Archdeaconry, and die fopus of an active and pregreSrireCMureh life; In a Diooeae auoh aa oaia, wMch caniainanoone ., tsrasrs.awct: your attendanoe here may |' yourselves and not without benefit to the I j town-which is ao hospitably receiving ns. 1, • ; ~ •••;- ciwoN KWiNG: We welcome to^ay the firet Lay Bepresmta tiTes returned by toe new Parochial Districts of Collarendabrfand Drake. One familiar and venerable form we miss, that of the late Canon Ewing, of Insmore. In a good old age, having served his generation, he baa Sen 'gathered to his fathom. His strong . personality and uncompromising aasertion of 11 everything which he conceived to he matter P of principle, ooupled with ercepaonal natural | , .hfcriTI made ten a striking figure in our community. Pereonally, I shall ■ ranch nusa him torn my fd'hn I cannot forget how loyally he accepted the now regime in the . Diocese, and how his whole weight, as Vicar 11 and Rural Dean, was thrown into Die scale I of obedient fidelity. God's, peace with I hini. _ ST. JOBN'S COLLEGE. During the year which has paBaed rinoe we I 1 metmnrmidale, we have aooomphshed the ji Gliding of fit John's Theological College, j j end now stand in this satisfactory position, I, that we can traip some seven men witton our own walls, at a oost per man of 12s 6d per l, week. The building itaall W mamtained by 1, the interest on a capitalised endowment fond j. of £860. The instruction is, for the prerentf 1 ^ my own special contribution; and, while it is I _ aheaw addition to'any Bishop a wore, it m at an" events, * labour oL toM- As the Cathedral system develops, no doubtwe thall J be able to make other and better aitange- L ments. Dor present most pressing^ need u scholarships- Even at St John a College a maneaunot hve for nothing. -. T appeal t° d»T,toOTTAooaUMtT"®.ST* I1 Eaoh scholarship of ^c a^year, tenable for I ] \- a-jiforaivroiMpiri (maatudantmto foe Gol-1 j iele/ ilf ty puonds oould-soaroely hebetter j . emsit W« have four or fiva. good and I • • 7 • _ i ' _v« wmU nliuQy floniB to 1. *WU . VI ■ O I who Would gladly coma to j 3 & bat who cannot fc want of means. I do I ( ndt Thi.V it neoeesary that Scholarahips j. should always be secured by endowment, j ] Two soh- larehipe have been given te ns by j . thogonaouaB.PXlMr WiU notWUte> t ^lity, and local foresight, add to this good 1 ( theological examinations . In another direction also we have dime, .. educationally wall. At the first "animation held (throughout Australia) in lh98 by the 11 AustnliS College of Theology retailed ' by Determination of tthe Genraal Synod tevo J i aandidatee from this Piooeee were successful, j i one (an Annilale lady) securing the only 11 X» awarded in Hretolam Hononre for li Wi.?*bT other, (the Bev. Eranma . Umuh, now Vicar of Walcha) obteming ) the degree Of Th.lt, wito honours Mayl j | teachers. after passing through our own ] Association's excellent oouree of examine- I tun* might ofler themselves for Th, A- I ] (which is open to'laity, men or women); and I ] ito knowledge. « MOBAL BLOTS. And yet, rqcnce as we ahaJIalldoover tiX «£d mwy other tokenaof progrese, S^new ehnmhaa eteetsd (there aienowl wall over * hundred to the PitioeM), And J —sr thTanooessfnl work going on in many ] ol-onr paiiahea,-arere ii much aa yet to oanre -.rirtftTthoee of nsjandthey are many) 1 wita no«xd tb* ^CSiuzdi m • moral witnwa I 'itjiiiuf .4am f^yiA. Could you too*-] thtoinnersffibbamldiitory mooriri,' you'woifid know-with vAat«o^" | leaaonl aay that we, whoare i^lcd mprni j to" hdd rany-oflh»..fo.the:,<aumdi ot QoA, 1 osnndt ' guard ohr -Own lives too_oarefully. 1 xr.y T Myte mv brethren of thecleirgy that I demurmaybe, «nd however mwyef* 1 SSSsTw aoouaationa of "hhrdness md ' i.teii'nJiiirtffli -wehave, Iooaoavar no1 oertity Sil!!^,ri^nhe wpLnbMty iB very great oime, when. ; the, Church ^Swyaabyher fidelity or dherwme to ftej "fS!j£5'w with regard to Hrn iaeana: by j -t.h.w the .TSmrch obtains bar revenuBS. ] After,fiv* yeare «tfpSopeaan wafrtoge&Bt;, 1 L-for wnylhtogrl khow yOta^^^^rt] Sere is * eteadfly pernstent tendmoy^on l the part wf too many of our peopte to wink *t wVinoaaa whioh gwua^^gain,- how; i fouommoriity. TTaaptdoburae, ] 1 ,hy. ,thB ofEcioua - aymp^y.i "'Vll it.nen MntilfildM Mffl) 1 XAfo^aar. aoarfaave ntged tee e^hrior ^e>i»wAt reWwwMrintrtPttitoAttffllcry ^3 ^^w^hntioc. ,;«dbodywwto fa-he'-'fai"!*!! kialilif'^n :fheae matterat h°f when we so to-ihem. for our morality instead of to theliwof God. Let me assure you thatVehaveour battle yet to fight. It is but a few months since an important Parish in ihis IHooese proposed to par off ite Vicar age debt by a b^. intercolonial art union, and was only hindered firom doing so by tbe fact that the State declined to sanction the scheme as bona fide. Bat what are we to say when the morals of the State one brought to bear, for correction or repression, upon the financial enterprises of the Church P It is, again, but a few weeks since it became my duty, us President of the Synod, to protest in j our name against the wtroduoti&Q; of similar evils into one of our Cathedral parishes, : Another, and equally -painful experience, has come to us through our Sunday Schools. We have learned that it must not be taken for granted that even our own Sunday School teachers ere eu fait with the ethioe of ex aminations, Now, "why, dQ i Quote these repulsive instances ? Because 1 want this Synod to see, with me that *e must at any cost (however poor^and,'imperfect we may feel our own influence, and standard, and op portunitiee to be), do our best to make men respect the Church of God. We want to bring the community to a moral sensitiveness which would render impossible the unhappy 4m.ndnnr of one of our N S W« legislators, " If the Ten Commandments did not suit the times I would throw them overboard." You .ask how are we to do thisP I rebly," partly through bur own patient individual example, partly through our corporate action: partly -(might it not well be ?) by endeavoring to arouse dormant consciences through such special work as that of the Parochial Mission. -It is a grief to me that through this Diocese there ha* not been-one Parochial hlissiottbeld during the five years of my episcopate. I presume the most conservative of Churchmen would grant that we sumetimes need special means to compass special ends. Surely if pfrmnMnl missions have been found eminently hripfnl everywhere for the reclamation of the wanderingfor the awakening of the careless, for the instruction of those who are ill taught in the truth of the*Gospd: we cannot sup pose they will be' altogether fruitless in north eastern New South Wales* OUR BURIAL GROUNDS. We have been speaking of the Church's honour. May-I add a word, which seems properly to come in here, up-»n a matter where pba needs to take tbe path of honour able duty. I refer to *-God's acre"-our cemeteries. The reverent care oi the Christian dead can never be a matter of fetifierero -toJandy kept or negleoted cemeteries are, wutoJTintenf the indications of a semi- materialistic dis belief in the saorednese of that body which, mortal as it is, has nevertheless -been the t* temple of the Holy Ghost.* In many pip/ma the difficulty seems to be to arrange for a competent -trust which shall properly discharge the duties of oemetery oversight. But I would point out that the Church of England in this Diocese has provided, by her Synodical Ordinance of 1896, every facility in this direction. The Government has never refused to appoint, on my nomination, the Corporate Trustees of the Diocese as trustees of any of oar oemeteries. Where this is done, these Trustees notify the .local churohpeople that they hold the cemetery w tiie provisions of the Synod's Ordi nance ; and places the sole administra tion in the hands of the looal clergyman and bis Churchwardens, with a code of rules and regulations ready to hand. On oce point I wish to speak explicitly. It is oontrary to all propriety (perhaps a . stronger expression miAt justifiably be used) that moneys paid in purchase of land for burial purposes should he treated as the property oT ^e general revenue of a parish, and utilised for general objects. >uob appropriation is -at variance, not only vith the implied trust under which the State has conferred upon ns local control of our cemeteries, but also with the express directions of Synodf "which provide that such payments are to be ex pended upon keeping the burial ground in good order. It has more than onoe during tiie past year been my duty to request observance of what should' surely be a practice suggested by every MmMeraUon of reotltudeend-propriety. And I beg that aJl office-bearers in ins Diocese ■will eid me in guarding against anch irregularities as I nave Seeoribed. - ' , "Well; after all, these are smaller points of detail. But they an not without imjrar ianoe, for. alter all, it is this detail and that whi<£; in the sum of things, make up character - Set,' before -we pAs in review the leading measures submitted to onr House tbii sestdon, let us glenoe for a moment-at tie -wider world arottndua. - AUStBALIAlT FEDERATION. \- Here in tin mother colony of tie noble Australian group, end therefore under a special sense of the responsibility of our de- , tasion, we are confronted by the supreme question of Federation; It -would be «» im pertinence on my pert to offer to this Synod, containing so many men "better versed than j myself in historical, eonsfitutionsl, end econ omic knbwledge, any uonsiderations dmflar to those which axe oommonly adduced at publio meetings. But I do wi ll to submit, -with ell respectful diffidence, a point which ought not to'be" nothing worth* with' phurpbmen. I havb" thought from tho outset, and I think stffh'ihat on atuxh a questionths Church h<s everr right to indicate inwhatdirectian tar own principles must lead . Itie true ti^m nnmpiSB ,uuuoc imu. . *v " - — exeouug tBs cendidate or that to politiou office, tone that, when weare dealing with mem partiean questions, or those purely yantawjial which do BOt ffflplTlgB SJJ® fhiirealm ofmoraSs,the Ohuroh dees iff to in terfere. Aderiyman is, IthSnk.anonwiee mahito aayihe teast of it), and fetainly hh note indirmtoonffict with my ovnr^nateuo abns, if.he^' barr^±B"infavor of ene-oan didate lor Parliament a» against anottar, or 2 he jm^« r» ^8mrcSi queetion o« of u Warranto ofuuomms«a^ torifl. Btftvroa we come to federation we we vitftfosufiuf n&tioasllzfc; end national life k tocondeTyahlshp^ tpm those prinoMra ' Vhioh eresupremely drar to w SurtJy. ttau, wehars evBry right to protest against such pmauarion^ SSrfd tot man to, determine this issfiatoi SmhidsOfthe most ahjeot selfishness, naked ^tatiahsmed,-cmd to beg them tosrfgn of iaio&ffycommercial; character- ..jfe/j?;' utadbe.ft cannot3>e* mstter-of indinerenM would rnata, eo^as^ uslira,"%upesoe,toat influenoes thonld bs at ■ypjfr ^ -tM^.wKly, - tmt - none the lees' surely, buiid tm barriers between ns and our Idlh end Hn.in pther Auetrahan ttatee. Men tdl US Brit we an^lmtdy " seuffinimt t; ally feaerated." My Own.aqitrienM WOuld k* WWt tta bonverse ie mudxriearertos troth, \- end that we axe rajedly/tapomtog, to onr present state of provimasl isctoipa, saxta; ^Sw- ffivxded, sad t^ hy ertffia^ Did nobody jn.ttje 3Boeess CTte ST«w1 [ a. bitter jealousy, of Victorians,.or Queena | landers of New Sooth Welshmm.f Now, I eaythat the Church's objeot ought always. to be, eooially, ecclesiastically, and politically, to throw down the " middle. wall of partition.* She is built upon brotherhood. lot men argue as they may, no hing can get away [ from the fact that Australian Federation does math for brotherhood. And we cannot go on for over approving the principle of a Fede ral Australia in the abstract, and rejecting every Federal scheme in the concrete. And, therefore, while we have no right to impute unworthy motives to those who oannot bring themselves to see just aa we ourselves may see, and while we ought to be particularly baraful that in the Bouse of God, nothing be said or done wbich may savour of improper use «i the clergyman's unique opportunities, yet it oannot be wrong that we should, one and all, clergy and laity, endeavour to secure one great end Our people ought to be taught how impossible it is tor them, in deal ing with those supreme national proposals which, from age to age, will call for-their decision, to deride justly, rightly, intelli gently, unless they apply a better and broader standard than that of pounds, shillings, and pesos. Every true patriot desires to see his that an ifnittidAustraQa means a fuller and j surer material prosperity for all her citizens. But even it it meant a temporary sacrifice I for us, would not that sacrifice be worth while f Every true patriot, if be be possessed of powers of observation and reflection, knows that riches alone never made a nation per manent, great, or free. Carthage was rich, and Borne was poor; Persia was rich, and I Greece was poor; how are we to believe that the principles which made, or marred, public i life then have ceased to operate in New South Wales to-day ? THE ENGLISH TBOTTBLES. The wider world, we said. And onr thoughts turn naturally to the old Motherland and to the trying experience through which the English Churoh is passing there Crises come: and crises go: tbe Church has seen a good many crises: and still she lives. True, it is, that here, where our wort differs so markedly from that in the older home of Anglicanism, the din of the conflict rings but as a confused echo in our ears. We recognise that, bo far as ritual is oonce.ned, ritual there must be, wherever we have human worship. The Presbyterian, the Baptist, the Salvationist, are no more dissociated from ritual than we ourselves. If my people will but remember that in cases of doubt or difficulty as to ritual the right person to whom representations .should pe made is, in aooordanoe with Prayer Bootinstniotion, the Bishop of the Diooese, who will never, wilfully and knowingly, falter in doing justice; if my clergy will be mindful that they must not alter the eervioes in the Prayer Book, nor omit nor interpolate, nor me additional or speaial services without the sanction uf the Bishop (who is himself, I quite admit, answerable in turn in the gene ral wisdom and judgment of the whole Church), then we shall never have embitter ing disputes on service or aeremonial here. I am well aware, of oourse, that the present trouble ie not oonnected solely with oere mo trial. There is, so for as I know, no such party among ourselves as that which has caused the unrest in England. There, be yond question, we have a little knot of men who find, an unaooountable delight in incul cating everything, doctrine included, which is Soman. There, too often, the Holy Com munion has beoome " the Masa"; mannnle of devotion are plaoed in tea handsof con fitmees framed upon Boman models, and suggesting, or openly directing, distinctly Soman practices; private confession is no longer (what the Prayer Book intended It to bej the exceptional remedy, but is taught as of. obligation upon the Christian man or woman; doctrines distinctly Soman are taught in Anglican pulpits. Well, a man has a perfect right to be a Soman Catholic, if his reading of history suffer him so to be. But he has no right whatever to inculdate tbuteuets of Soman Catholic-ism, and yet eat the bread of theChurdhof Eng land; just as be baa no right whatever to teach the doctrines of dissent, and (by othi*-' sion or oommisskm) sanction or recommend the praotioea of dissent, and yetholdoffloein the Church of England. Our Anglican way, way of compromise as it is, ample way as it is, has yet its definite borders. We in this Diooese have -long proudly cherished a tradition of peaoe and good wul among our ranks- " High and low, rich and poor, one with another," we have known no sectional jealousies Or faction feuds,- Langmay'that spirit oontinue. Best assured, brethren all, that the Bishops are anxiously -endeavouring to do. their duty as watohmah for -the Lord and guardians of - the old faithwhloh has' oome down to us. If tbacafftoiMit the face " against fs'se doctrine, like a rock," should ever dome to the Bishop of this Diooese' (which-God forbid!) yon will do him, I. trust,-the justice to believe that he trill fulfil hisdhty. . . _ - PBOPOSED LEGISLATION. .1 pass nexttothe practical business sub mitted'to you this Session, Venturing to offer some explanatory words Whioh have, ! am, told,been found useful bn previous occasions. The CounciPa Bill to amend the Clergy Provident Fund Ordicanoe introduces no new prindpje. It is rateeran attempt to perfect - tee' Fund's machinery, and to tender feds ambiguous pertain provisions in the princi pal Ordinance. When weare dealing.with that Bill, tee question will, I understand, be raised da to Synod's power to require the mnlrfng. 0f & special collection annually for* the"F\ind. I do not wish In any way to prejudioe tbe discussion npon this Interesting point, white goes, of oourae, tri the root, rf the legality' of every special Collection ~mL quired for - any purpose by Ordinance or Synod, ! will merely say teat 1 have -taken tee Chancellor of^tee^Diot^w^tSj^mer in Equlty), andwhBnthe proper time domea 'I ehall te glad, with tea permission of this Honse, to read to them tee ease submitted sndthaoonclnBion arrived at by our chief legaladviser. The most important meestree . df te&6eegi^hnwever,tetim'X9inrrii Exten Vjao Fimfl Bill, Itmay "be Witiiin the mem-. ray of some of our'senior Byhodsmen that In myfteridenfialAddreasai 18961 referred to a teTwfrddtask wbnh itnpp»ared to me we aca^jupteiofaoetneohente for clergy □W.- aomeprnvfaon fer iileriosl auper uation:"«n£lajfund-to help on new' . . leering wqi te. tee -Diooeee. . The first arm aeoond uf tease,ignhave, eo far as we <an, aooompllteed, .But tbe third li a vital nnnnnily'; ntid ft temafnn fnr 'fflln jsniriliiii the laat,fa sh humte HteTjfmod^vteBfli' win meet dming the "efghteep fanrdreflaVri-to undertake, and, I -tnat, ecoouijffish" fharv mniningtask, -GaitoiLsaiid;flxlsMa)arff X. am cqtTcctiy. infwinsd stands IBiM.mnooW' , _ . . Asdfweutek to say it ia because wwuwe no aoobFuaa,fc#. to tocuommoogood, that we have baeoma so steepedmp&roo;&alism.; We want s •metluog in our Ohuroh life-to teaoh us ucadiUntteaa ■Tid consideration Sot others. "Will the day evef oome when clergy and laity awake all round to discover that the surest means to utdoto mauVgeueronty, lor every purpose, is to interest them, to broadeu their sym pathies, to teabh them that the^ Church does really endeavour, in some practic*^ way, to recognise her oneness and her belief in her Masters sublime principle^ " It Js more blessed to give than to receive.1' The text of the Bfll before Synod will show you in how many directions it is proposed to make such a Fund jmeful. For augmenting the (all to numerous) starvation stipends of oar isolated deny; for aiding the erection of sew buildings : for aasisHng towards the training of Tsueh candidates for Soly. Orden as are un provided with scholarships: in a wore of j ways, wherever toe helping hand is needed in the general work of the Piooese, to stretch out that hand; for such pur- ! poses we purpose to use our new Fund. The , Wider is that the Diocese has got on i so Jong without it. The day will oome ] if we are sound at heart, when the biggest j offertory in the year will be that tot the Church Extension Fund ; when parish will rival pariah in ita desire to head the year's re oord of aid afforded to the Fund- ^ I say to • day* aa X have said again and. again, that too , performance of such broad and generous work | is to the Church's welfare. It is j articulus tUtnti* vel eadetiti* wUiia*. BASIS OF STNOD'S AUTHORITF. jAnfl before we begin our deliberative 1 labours, the oldest ana wisest of you wUl know how well it is that I should ask: Do we ell of ua realise what the true importance and solemnity of our work as Synodsmen is P I hope I may reach a wider audience than that gathered in this Hall when I «y ' that Syned e position is much underrated, and that ita powers, functions and oppor tunities are larger than some, possibly even of our own number, appear to suppose. Tie Synod has a double office. It is primarily the authorised legislative organ for the Diocese. Our legislation is not child splay. 1 It is binding upon the members ot our I Church in vStue of parliamentary enacfc mentB. u All Ordinanoes of the Synod* (so J runs the 3rd Constitution of toe Ohuroh in j H " shall be binding upon the Bishop 1 and all other members of toe Church within toe Diocese." Now, these Constitutions are | ratified by an Aot of Parliament of .1866, i which them obligatory, . for all temporal purposes, upon the members of the j Ohuroh of England. Similarly, the Aot of j Parliament which recently repealed the old Church *rt expressly deputes to Synod the l control of all, lauds'4^- h^inja,...the | property of the Churoh, within the Diocese. Our Ordinanoes. therefore, in all matters connected with1' toe order and good govern* ment of the Churoh, and toe regulation of its affairs within the Diocese," are not merely counsels of perfection, or pro forma rprtnmmppda.t?nnn tO POT people they UT©fot j us, legally binding. Tnat is why we can not te too careful, in our law-making, thoroughly to apprehend our principleB, and, having apprehended - them, then to express our irpnp^g with lucidity and defimteness. We are fronting Churoh laws which, until ] they are repealed, are to be obeyed. But Synod has another function. It is also, so far at least as our own Diooese is , oonoerned, toe mouthpiece of toe Church s . opinion; not of merely clerical opinion (for thelaity in Synod outnumber the clergy by two to one), but of toe Church's opinion. ' Our Evolutions therefore, while standing \ upon, a different legal bams frotu our 1 Ordinanoes, oarry nevertheless weighty - moral authority- And they ought to zoo I, taken seriously, fiietof all ty ourselves, and l^ then, by.otoeaof our communion. ■ What- : ever we do. let us not fall into toe worst of . errors which can , beset a representative j deliberative body, and yield to toe temptation j tcT attitudinise before the public-ao long as we art within toe Synod sraHs* Letua, in whatever Resolutions we may pass, give ; expression, not toi what we.nneyjwe are ■ ejected to say, but . to what we really do mean and desire to say. And toaoj having j acted honestly, let us .have toe courage of otir oonvicfctons. "We must riot say one thing J in *• "Synod, and ! whispefj another outside : Synod ; cor be brave' I (^'oredlt1tohSni, far it 1» h»« l»un(U& duty . to do Jo) tlm iinJoHanoeahdM^pptdue to. your utterances; arid has enoounteiod plenti lul abase far »o doing. Bat thedatyjjes ! upon every member, in Uj. own sphere, equally with toe, president, to,.trjat.the ' Synod s expressed tnind (unkM it be pn eome point where lie has made open di^ent) as a position for-w^hlmtoolsosjledupontodo.. brave battle If we onrgelvejs reswwt. oor j own determinations, it will not be long before others will "reejpeot awnriso.,,1««-\ for 'caution, courage, .nil consistency, as our triple witcbwerd. when wo oome ito play onr J appointed put in connection with the Cftnndi's ewah of legislation, and oi opinion within this . . " ADKN0WLEDC1MENTS. Iet me, in eoneiaslcm, express my heart felt gratitude to those loyal office bearers ] ■without whose gallant oo- operation the work 1 of the Diocese ooold uot 'be carried on. , Archdeacons, Examining Giuwiains, and Enrol . Deans, * Catitodal PioOBsan XtoarunV Chsmoalior aDd Solicitor to 1he Diooeee, members oi i&H; oor Boards and OommitteeB, how ell too infreq neotly l inadeqnatelr is your hdihfnl ^work | acknowledged. Let as make aotooirie^- r ment to-d^y." Voor barden ia to hea-rier Sfjotery now OrJinmoe, eTeay fredrpto- . Vinoe of diocesan nctieityv Tot I kaaw foil well yon wonld not hare U otherwise Ton win not grudge this added aerrme,norregret . tii. lengthening list of didies,k ^miy. fnlffie ] little life which to gfeau to as, weeeneet ' fqfwud Jhe welfete. <d tihs Chnsbh of oar forefetheis, —od in so doing, as we humbly . and reverently trust, bring Just » KWe hearer die coming of fiat:,3Qngdom. lor whose advent oar daily orisO(S.,«rise to.. God. 