GREATER NEW YORK LETTER. ' [FROM OUR OWN CORItESl'OjíDEST.] Does he want the earth ? He can have it. Nothing is too good for Admiral George Dewey. He can have it, all fenced in and nicely trimmed with box and crowned with myrtle and honeysuckle, with a ten million dollar IIOQSR in the middle of the plot, and over the portal as you enter the grounds is " Welcome, Thrice Welcome Home to Admiral George Dewey, the Unconquered and Unconquerable Warrior and Statesman, Welcome V For the past week ever since we learned that our Admiral was coming home, the town has been left as to how we should give a proper reception to our returning here, the one of our great naval commanders about whose imperial services there are no two opinions, and whose splendid victories at Manila are regarded by his country- men us the crowning glories of the late Spanish- American war. The historian who fifty years hence shall tell the life story of this great commander, while recording his daring and wonderful feat so utterly destroy- ing the Spanish fleet at Manila, will place that great and splendid victory which annihilated Spain's power for the distinction of our commerce upon those Eastern seas, where it would have been impossible for our limited navy to have been added at any adequate protection.' It relieved us of all anxiety for the safety of our seaport cities and towns when a flying Spanish cruiser, j armed with one or more of those mighty Krupp guns, could send a murderous shell hurtling through the air to carry death and destruction to a town or city 15 miles away. The victory at Manila saved the United States not only thousands of lives, but hundreds of millions of property, which, if we had lost the fight at Manila, might have destroyed our supremacy on the sea for years to come. Yet great in its results as this splendid victory was, it pales before the statesmanship that distinguished his every move after his great victory was won. His generous tact to the people he had so suddenly subjugated, turned bitter and treacherous toes into friends, and a short time after the destruction of the Spanish fleet he walked the streets of Manila with as much safety as he would have done the streets of Washington or New York. There are a few features of Admiral Dewey's victory at Manila that stand without a parallel in the history of ancient or modem naval warfare. First!), it was accomplished without the loss of a single life to the victors, and the Americans, to reach their Spanish foes, had to sail over water beneath the treacherous surface of which was a network of deadly mines, like those that destroyed the magnificent battleship Maine in the harbour of Havana. The world knows the whole story now. Spain has succumbed to the in e\ itable and gracefully pocketed twenty millions of our good hard American dollars, and no doubt is very sorry that she has no more Philippines to sell even at slightly advanced discount. The blaze Committee of Refined Reformers is still hard at work, and the latest revelations are not reassuring that the world is much better than it was five years ago. In the course of its investigation, the committee unearthed some of the most disgraceful and un- savory subjects ever brought before a court of justice in any land. It appears we have an official body-snatchers here, and though not acting under a city appointment by His Honor, Mayor Van Wyck, has nevertheless a very comfortable berth, which nets him several thousand dollars a year, by the payment to the inside ring of tenth class rough and tough politicians, whose rewards for political service are made up of the unconsidered trifles over looked by men of larger calibre. * Theiewaidof this patriot is all the dead bodies from the hospitals and the morgue, for which he pays a royalty of 3dol. a head, and as he also does a thriving business in second hand coffins, his official position is one to be envied. This lucky politician has an arrangement with the clerks in the different hospitals whereby, for a fee of 3d., he gets the straight tip when a patient is about to die. He then hurries to the hospital or morgue, seizes the body, and the man's or woman's relatives-if they have any-will receive no notice of their relative"s death for several days after their supposed burial in Potter's Field. I shall never forget the remark of an English " Globe Trotter, who visited our country many years ago during the wild excitement of a Presidential canal ass. The election lasted three days. Bands of Repeaters under the lead of some notorious Thug marched from ward to ward, and frequently from precinct to precinct in the same ward. They voted early and they voted often, and more than one State and national election has been decided by the votes of Thugs and Thieves whose legitimate home would have been the Penitentiary or State's Prison. Our English friend looked on in amazement although he had seen some pretty lively elections in his own country, but none that would compare with elections in the United States, and when it came to accusing the candidates of crime the Yankees left them a thousand miles behind. "Why don't you nominate for your officers some men of established char no ter and honesty it" was the English- man's query. "Why, my dear sir," the American replied, "they would not stand the ghost of a chance of being elected ;" whereupon the globe-trotter, who, by the way, was to write a book, made note on the very dirty cuff of a very dirty ship t. He wrote, " Americans, in nominating incumbents for their public offices, generally select the vilest criminals. A life of crime being the only passport to great political success, No wonder the Englishman thought as he did ; the evidence that he had was not mere hearsay or vague report. It was not the report of the enemies of the United States. It was Americans speaking of Americans. It was Demand rats speaking of Republicans and Republicans speaking of Democrats. About five or six years ago the entire land was seized with a sudden spasm of virtue which boded ill for the d-- 1 and his disciples if he kept looking way this time been seeking whom he may devour. A committee was appointed to investigate the various departments of our city government, and if necessary to turn them inside out, or upside down. Money was not wanting for the investigation, for, where State aid failed, the capital of private citizens, who wanted a pure and honest government, came to the front and aided the committee safely through what seemed to be a long period of financial disaster. What follows was suggested by previous line of thought. Every eight or ten years our Good- Goodes are moved by a cyclonic hurricane of righteousness and start a crusade of virtue in the hope that some day the whole world might be as good as themselves. A Reform Party was started ; ? it swept through the State as A lion-I soon sweeps through the Indian Seas. The Lexow Committee sat several months and expended thousands of dollars and succeeded in sending a police captain to State's Prison for accepting a basket of peaches for his Sunday dinner in fact, it was stated at the trial, as he was passing along the sidewalk, late on Saturday afternoon, a fruit merchant, who had the sidewalk crowded with his peach baskets, sang out to the captain as he passed through the market-'' Cap., I will send you a basket of peaches." He did send them, and the captain and his family ate them for Sunday dinner. It was a clear basket of peaches for the captain ; he lost his place for the time, and went to State's Prison ; but I see he is back on the force again, a bright and 1 shining example of committee investigation. Mr, Goff, the prosecuting attorney for the committee, succeeded in getting a nice fat berth for his services, as Recorder of the City of New York, with a salary of 17,000dol. per annum not to mention a few unconsidered trifles worth, at least 5,000 dol. more. So eminent was the service of the Reformers that except those whose offices could not be touched, but were almost a life tenure, one morning after the next election there was not one of the great Reformers left politically alive, and now the wicked Tammany officers are trying to find out where all the money went. One reformer, who held his place by a short tenure, is said to have walked off with lll,000dol. in his pouch, for which no work was done, and now the people who seldom play are saying, " Save us, oh, save us from Reform." I Not in my memory since the death of President Garfield have I seen a single life create a profound sensation at parting as did that of Boswell P. Flower, late Governor of New York, a man who once represented his State in Congress, and was known on Wall street among the money-changers and a member of that guild whose financial transactions are known throughout the world. He was known as a man the rule of whoselifeliad been unexceptional and unqualified honesty. His word on change was held as good as the bond of an ordinary capitalist ; a man of broad views and tireless industry, who enjoyed the love and respect of all who knew him, and those who knew him longest loved and honoured him best. The shock of his death was peculiar. He was a man of sturdy mould, temperate and careful, and while associated in business relations with many of the largest undertakings of his time he seemed mentally and physically qualified to bear and carry any reasonable amount of strain. He was looked upon by those who knew him best as a man who had many years of active life in store for him, and only a few moments before the summons of the death angel he was in conversation on one of the mostgiganticuiidertakiiigsofhistime,an enterprise which was looking toward the most intimate and closer connection of the different parts of the Greater New York. The project in its fullness would call for a sum not much short of a thousand millions, and yet so eager were capitalists to invest in this great enterprise that twice the sum needed could be had if required. In this connection it might be well to mention a point referred to in my last letter, and that was the sudden popularity of the steel trust involving a capital of five hundred and fifty millions. These two great trusts called for a sum of nearly one thousand five hundred millions of dollars. The very thought of it is appalling. Whatever enterprise Mr. Flower was connected with he always figured as a leader. Those associated with him would insist upon placing him in the front, having the greatest reliance in his honesty and judgment. His honesty was never questioned ; his judgment was almost unerring. The most remarkable thing in this connection is that, notwithstanding his association with so many gigantic enterprises, many men almost intimately connected with him hardly suspected the extent of his undertakings. For a man exposed as he was in public life, he was never boastful or self-assertion. He was singularly modest, often giving to others the honour of his successes, which were almost entirely his own. His political connection was honorable in every respect, and on leaving his great office he carried with him to private life the love and respect of both political parties. One of the interesting events of the week has been the sale at an art gallery on Fifth-avenue of the collection of the great magician, Hermann. When the sale was first announced it was supposed it would only contain his magical apparatus and a tewporaonal belongings, instead of which no more wonderful collection has been seen in New York since the Morgan sale. In many ways it was wonderful ; 66 was a collection of curios from many lands, and among it were gifts from monarchy all over the world, many of the gifts being rare and costly. His performance as a mind reader brought him great gain. At one time, when exhibiting at a private seance to the Emperor of Russia and his family, the Emperor asked Hermann, "What am I thinking of now a ' Bowing low to his Imperial questioner, he replied " Your Imperial Highness is thinking of giving me a watch." And so he was, though he had never mentioned it to a human being, and this was one of the unique features of this marvellous collection. Another wonderful feature was a small and beautiful snuff-box. On a spring being touched a little bird jumped out ; he stretched himself, clapped his wings, and then commenced to warble a melody never excelled by any living bird. Another miracle in the same class was the mocking bird that can run the gamut of a dozen feathered songsters. The entire collection was rich, rare, and costly, and its valuation is not far from 300 600dol. 