Short Story. A Distillery Ghost. It Is not necessary to this story that I conjugate my verb ' to be' in tlie past tense. In fact, It Js a painful subject to me, so I will merely say that I am a tramp, of interest to no one, ctceDt by chalice to the farmer's dog & to the police. On the particular day to which I speak I had been walking since sun rise, along roads where the hot dust spurred ux:-jer my Biiummg sieira, ouu wb£re the sight of a solitary blotch of shade was as grateful as the clink of ice to the thirsty. I carried a companion In my pocket, a little flat, black companion, and every now and then, when the prospect became unusually dry and my hunger too lnslst eut, 1 raised to my lips that mouth which alone of all others had been, constant to ine-i-tbe mouth of the bottle. Towards afternoon, as I marched dog godly on, 1 became aware of a sudden cool'lappiuR of shadow over my should er, ami glancing about I saw that a storm was beating up behind me. By Boiue .malevolent inspiration I re mertlbered 'Saving heard that on this very road stood a disused distillery, a favourite resting-place for travellers of my description. Xot far ahead was a clump of pine tret-s,- and behind them rose the outlines of an o)d chimney. I hurried towards the place, plunging through a tangle of dusty weeds, and, sure enough, there stood the building of which I was in search, its sagging roof and bursting walls green witb age. There were two holes ripped In the roof, staring deep and en:;-ty as the eyes of a skull. I crawled under the door just In time, for the next moment the rain came roaring down straight as ?melted lead. It must have been a dismal place at best, but now. under the thick sky and drumming- win-drops, it was particularly dispiriting. There were two rooms on tbe lower floor with no visible mciins of .communication but a wide windows set in the wall. The glass . panes were unbroken, and the room be hind was perfectly dark. Connecting these rooms witb the attic was a rickety staircase. The earthen floor was cover ed with a dank -mesh of pale grass blades. I cowered against the wall while tbe storm 4)0011)011 and crackled over my head, closing my eyes from time to time against the shock of white fire that darted through the chinks and under the door. Presently, as I sat with my not lids drawn down. I felt a startling seiifio of some one looking at me ; I turned quick ly towards the window of which I have spoken, and there, pressed against the dark gloss, was a' face, peering- at me steadily. Oh, the horror of .that face ! for, as I looked, the outlines began to change and grow, like some great colour less jelly— a soft, human jelly oozing and spreading across the panes.- I shut my eyes, and my heart battered my ribs. Again I looked, still the face was there, only this time the slack mouth drew back In a sickening smile, and It ran out . its blue tongue, licking its loose lips quietly. I started to my feet -with a pry. aud as I did so the-wlndow began to slide up. I dropped to the floor weak with fear, and tfiesash fell into place again. Then I realised that I must lie there, absolute ly still, Jor if I rose, the window rose, too— lie there and look, while that face leered at me from behind the /;lass. By-and- foy it began to imove with a flaccid. gelatinous swaying. I saw it bend over, and raise something from the. floor, some thing that had been a man, but now hung quite limply In its mouth. It pressed the body against the window, laughing silently, and I saw— myself ! God help me ! for tbe first time in this world I looked Into my own face. Myown face did I esy ? No, no ! Some bloated ani mal, purple, pimpled, with eyeballs so blood-shot that they seemed to be stnr ing through a web of red lace. How long I lay there I cannot Ml. At last I moved, and my hand touched something cold ; it was my bottle, the companion of my wanderings. I hold It np, and saw that there was still a drop or two in It. I drained it to the dregs, and the glad fire ?warmed me and made me strong. . At that moment the Thing began to raise its pallid, horrible feelers, twist ing them about the body it held, snap ping the llmlbs off and dropping them Into its mouth, where the blue tongup caressed ?them hungrily. It bad finished its meal, but It sti)1 kept its vngue eyes on me. and then 1 realised that ?! was. moving, slipping quietly towards- It ! I clutched at the rotting steps, and they crumbled to brown powder In my hands. I ground my fingers Into the earth until there was a- trail of Woody mud after me. Then I made one superhuman effort, dashed up the swaying staircase, and broke in to the attic. I slammed the door and threw myself against it, for I had seen that accursed ?window dsrt up with a crash as 1 leappd, and I knew that the' Thing would follow me, and tpar me to pieces, and plunge . me, into its mouth, and mash and mangle me between its tooth less gums ! ' . The room 'where I found myself was dim and wet. Between the cracks in the wall a flaming strip of sunset glowed like a forge in the twilight. Every breath of Nature was hushed now, the rain e»me 'only In loosely blown gusts, and the thunder had shud dered away into silence : my hair rosn and my flesh grew rough and Icy, for on the stairway was n soft, creaking Bound, then a steady pushing against the door. ,- T boiled aloud In my anguish, and the sound of my voice set the place bel lowing with echoes. My arms were ton), and the bones nearly snapping from the pressure, and still I felt the door opening, opening 1 There was a crunch— one rusty hinge dropped clattering to the floor, another and for a moment the door tottered and fell forward, nearly crushing me ; but, no, I was too quick, I was mad wltli fear. One Instant only we stood look ing at each other, the Thing framed in the empty door space, and I— a wild beast craved with tbe fiercest race Jnr etlnct ; then I plunged forward and out. through a' rent In the torn hoarding. I felt the wood snap and give, and tbe awful swoop of my fall, and knew that the Thing .had hurled Itself after me. I scrambled to my feet and went rush ; 1ng flying down the empty road. . The wet bushes slapped my face and ! clung, clammy as dead bands that would ? have stopped my flight, and all the : time I lieard the Thing behind me— beard the plash of tbe paddles as it r trailed through them and tbe beat of ' Its formless steps. : Tbe moon was rising across tbe road, a great swollen disk, sanguine and .-threatening. I remember every scene : the. jerky . flitting of a bat, the dark spray of some hanging vine, and the pounding of my own steps. I remem ber catching my ragged shoe In a root that had crawled out from the hedge, and hearing a deep, horrible chuckle; then I fell forward — and remember no thing more. It was midnight when I became con scious again. Tlie moon had shrunk in to ihe zenith, and was looking at me with Its little white eye. I. was very weak, and -my hands were stiff with dry blood. There was not a living thing In sight, only the pale ribbon of the de serted road and the gray fields stretch ing away to the sky. Far on my left stood a clump of pine trees ; behind them rose the outlines of an old chimney, and, sick as I was, I went hobbling through the night till tlie place was lost to view. Then . I crawled ' into a damp hayrick— and slept — .Tulfe Closson Kenly, in the ' Weekly Sun.' 