NOViiL. The Wonder-Witch CHAPTER XVI.—(CONTINUED.) BY M. G. McCLELLAND. Miss Vandan nodded enthusiastically. She was enjoying herself immensely, and minded to keep on with it. ' Tae hat inoident was good,' she afllrmed —'quite dramatio, and in oharaoter with ™e rest ot the performance. Has HUB Donevan reoognizad you, do you think f Guthrie shook his head, and pulled at his beard meditatively. ' Tune has gotten in stronger work along my lines,' he eaid. ' From a beardless stripling I've become a grizzled and well-nigh middle-aged man. I shouldn't identify mj own past and present if I hadn't watohed the evolution. She has no means of recognition: .There is no assooiating resemblance about me, and nobody here usee my Christian name, whioh is the only one she ever heard. Unless the old wonder-witoh has kept me in mind, I make no doubt she's forgotten me long ago.' The young lady did not agree with him. She knew very well that women are not prone to forget pretty little adventures of which they themselves are the Heroines. She made this plain to him, and then demanded information about the wmderwitch. ' You Sotherners have so many signs and wonders that my brain reels under them,' she declared. -Babbits' feet, and orose. marks in the path, and jack-boxes filled •with dried snakes, lizards, and bird- feathers, oonjure oharms and luok signs, end death ana disaster portents, make a supernatural medley that Yankee consciousness doesn't readily assimilate. And the queer partis that so many intelligent people among you take the thing seriously and allow for it. What in heaven's name is a wonder-witoh ? She's a new species to me.' Guthrie laughed amusedly. ' The wonder- witch is the Ting 1 gave Mies Donevan,' he explained. • We always called it that btcauee of a legend oonneoted with it, and the representation of a neoroioantio old orone on the signet.' The girl of the period leaned baok in her chair and regarded her companion with uudiBguised admiration. • • You really are the most affording people I ever enouuntered,' she deolared, frankly. 'You are all survivals. Stiok a pin in the other story, to keep the plaoe, and tell me, nght here »nd now, about the wonderwitch.' CHAPTJEB XVII. * Many generations ago,' Guthrie began, •an ancestor of mine, a wealthy Magyar from the Carpathians, fell in love with a Bomany girl, the grandohild of the queen of a powerful tribe of Iziganies whose headquarters were in that part of Hungary, .tradition describes the young woman as rarely beautiful, with wonder-bright eyes, and the soft-fiowiBg- speeoh of her people. The Magyar loved well, and the girl met his passion at flood; but -the old woman was adverse. There was among the 'Bomany dials' a suitor whom she favored, and she sought oy lair means and foul to bring the matoh about. Tradition is hazy as to ii.Tk— Vi —- « "•><•} « ™ Wra O^ tr/SH^T ™ rt^t ° . "prejudices, or whether ^JttisX^hTor 1 ? my a S° e8tOT i UeruunitUI that the old woman raged, and togenerously, one appears to have been a remarkable creature—a wise woman, deeply learned in d maU J ' ° f ®? re £ know - V 6d m t? Bla0k a ^ L ^ r® a praotiser of magio, o—i — so that, ——, apart from uuuiuu her tirtuai tribal puuuun, she possessed an influenoe with the Tziganiea norttion. a well-nigh boundless. ' however, has a magic of its own fall of potency and might, so one blesee dark night the gypsy maidon and th® Magyar disappeared together. < Tis said that the witch-mother ouraed her descendant, then and there, with a curse unique and terrible, facing to the east, whence comes magic, and spreading her arms, so that the very winds might bear her I malediction to its object. And the curse was that because the young wife had forsaken race and kindred for love of the Magyar, her heart should know no other love, either of ohildren, or kindred, or nation, or friends, but under the weight of one dominance should petrify slowly, compressing and hardening like stone. • 'Through the old wonder-witoh's infiuenee, the curse was passed from tribs to tribe of the Tziganies until it penetrated to the bride's hiding-place and wrought on her imagination to suoh a degree that she aokene£. The Magyar did everything iu his power to weaken or remove the impression, even to attempting to assassinate the cause of the tronble, but without avail. The idea of a petrifying heart had taken hold of the girl and was not to be dislodged. So insistent became her dread that, after the birth of her ohild, a boy with a Bomany faoe and Magyar nature, for whom die oared nothing, the pair returned to Hungary, hoping to propitiate the old wonder witoh and obtain a remission* They had just as well have attempted to remove the Carpathians with a glaBS lever. The author of their woe rejoiced in her power, and took fresh hold. She wrote out the ourse in a scroll, and would study it, placing herself frequently in the young wife's path and pointing downward at it with her finger. ' To make a long story short, au excited imagination got its fell work of superinduoing disease, and the gypsy wife recently died for fear of dying. In that Say the belief in magic held sway, and oredulity and superstition were I oash hounds to be loosed at a necromanoer's will. The girl was buried aooording to Magyar usages, but it is claimed that the Bomany ohals, at the instigation of the old wonder-witch, spirited away her body, and that its nltimate testing plaoe was known only to the gypsies. Her heart was removed and ohemioally treated so that petrification really took plaoe. ' Whether or not the old woman finally repented of the indirect murder, and sought to bring good out of evil, tradition does not state ; but it appears that on his attaining puberty Bhe presented the dead woman's son (and her own great- grandson) with a ourious ring of hand-hammered gold, set' with a strange looking signet, the substance of which no lapidist has ever been able to determine, or could without resolving it to its original elements. The stone is heartshaped, dulled red in hue, and delioately veined with a darker color. It is said to be a bit of the petrified hejrt. Upon it is engraved a' perfect representation of the wonder-witoh herself, with her fingers on the scroll. The outting is said by experts to Dnu-ually strong and flap. The magio property claimed for this ring is that it insures constancy in women. No woman, accepting it from a man, oan falter or turn from allegianoe to him. The ring passes from mother to son, a mode of progress a trifle unusual. It has on it a Bomany inBoription, a free translation of whioh is, ' What I love, I desire : what I desire, I grasp: what I grasp, I hold-' • The Magyar's son, being half Bomany, found out all this from his mother's people and transmitted it. He married a German,' and his sou an Englishwoman, and so to the final Amerioin mixture. The ring, with its history, was given me by my mother.' ' And a very abominable history it is,' commented Miss Vandan. 'Fancy being betrothed with an obnoxious bit of bewitched flesh instead of a nioe, wholesome diamond! It makes one feel crawly and bedevilled only to think of it. And eighteen years ago you foisted this nnoanny thing upon poor, unsuspicious Bath Donevan I You ought to- be ashamed of yourself, Dr. Gutbrie! To trick your own accomplice, after tricking your enemies ! It was a most shameless and outrageous performance. Suppose you'd gotten yourself killed, and that dear woman had bBen oompelled to go through life spell-bauud to eternal fidelity to a ghost! What sort of denouement would that have been P' Guthrie parried her attaok gayly, declaring that to the ghost euoh a result would have been eminently satisfactory. Ha even audaciously maintained that, if the wonder-witch had in truth guarded the position for him, she was an ancestress worthy of honor, as well as the ableBt strategist of her oyole. Whereupon Miss Vandan entered ibe oounter-declaration that Guthrie himself would be treasure-Dove to the heredity people, as demonstrating in his own person how suoh traits as malevolenoe and dieregard will persist through unnumbered generations. They talked a great deal of nonsense, those two, and with it all Guthrie's spirits improved to the point of considering his case rather hopeful, and of feeling that. somehow, his hold upon Buth was renewed. As for Miss Vandap, her brain aotually teemed with plans and suggestions. For the first time iu her oareer she was visibly enfolaed with an atmosphere of unoalculating lomince. Her soul joyed within her, and * very fibre of her being was set on the evoln ion of a suitable denouement. For the next daf or so she and Guthrie were inseparable, and that their communion was satisfactory was evidenced by the beatitude of their oountenacoe. When Hugh Done van reappeared, the young lady promptly took him into ooufidenoe, a proceeding to whioh Guthrie might have objected had he not oaught a glimpse of the aroana of another situation, CHAPTER XVIII. Virtue has need to be its own reward, for in the reaction after a hard duty has been performed, if it were not for the approving .conscience, one would have nothing. Even then the cocscienoe must approve lustily in order to hold misery at bay and make duty appear worth the doing. From her point of viev, going away had seemed to Bath the best possible coune, and she had braced up her nerves, held down her heart, and taken it gallantly. During the ride up to the gap, the exercise, change, and her brother's society had made it relatively easy to hold thought quiescent. Nor had the next day been bad, for her kinswoman was delighted to see her, and eager - in the interchange of inquiries and accounts of local happenings. Hugh's return home made a break also, for directions had to be given and messages sent to the servants. It was on the third day that the reaotion set ui heavily. Miss Bandolph awoke with a blinding siok headaohe, for which the only remedy was absolute quiet in a darkened room. She WAS an intelligent woman and a good raconteur, with a fine store' of observation and experience to draw on, and the' gift of illustrative and sympathetic expression. The house seemed strangely silent without her, and Buth wandered about cut adrift from her own usual occupations, and with no others to take their plaop, Thw was misery's obance, and it straightway availed itself, pouuoing down like a vampire and driving its beak into her heart with intent to suck thenoe the life* blood of oourage and hope. Buth had a oioou or courage and hope. Buth had ve r bad tiaieoi T worse by the strength and soundness of her own nature Her code was so simple and yet so £ £ £ promising: to love grandly, to trust end to f ollow the*'dictates"! consoienoo without skirkimt or eubterfums— that was all of it. B or suDtenuge Enough, too, to give body and substance to suffering as well ae to joy. WearUyT^I insistently she went over it Ol, love pllyfcg me nd gamn't from exaltation, through woide? pain, to renunciation, lingering miserably overv the minor chords until life seemed a dirge and strained heartftrings the fit instrument whereon to play it. Aim that. the pain was all needless did not make it one bit less hard to endure. To' ber it-was real and tangible, and the thought that it might be unnecessary never entered her mind, - In the afternoon the innate gallantry of her nature reasserted iUelf, imposing a' necessity for action. The atmosphere of the silent house seemed to smother her, and she ordered her horse. She must get out into the open and exercise and weary her body, so that brain and heart might find relief in physical needs. An unacknowledged sentiment had oaused Buth always to use gray oloth for her habits, bat she had yielded to oonventlonality in the matter of head gear. On thiB trip, however, she bad worn Jack's slouch hat, partly from unexplained impulse, and partly from deliberate effort at renewal of uiu old wjBuuumou. association. f For cue the latter reason ontirely, she rode a descendant of Lapwing and wore the wonder.witoh's ring. On the way to the gap she had kept the talk on war topios, enoouroged Hugh to reminiftoenoe, and even drawn from the oloset of memory and dusted her own wild esoapade. The past, in very truth, waB hers, and in it, to ner knowledge, was no other woman. So now, in her ride of unrest, she instinctively turned her horse in the direction of the old frame house whioh had witnessed the climax of her adventure. It was'situated several miles from Mias Randolph's, and during Bath's former visits had always been oooupied, so that, althoagh die had passed it occasionally during the eighteen years, and was somewhat familiar with the exterior, she bad never crossed the threshold einoe that old time of JFederal occupation. The situation was isolated, and after the death, many years previous, of the owner, and the dispersion of his heirs, it had been impossible to get suitable tenants for the old house, and it had gradually graded down, falling into worse and worse hands with each renewal of occupants. At the time of Buth's last visit, three years before, it had bees in possession of a lawless family of mountaineers, named Wakefield, a morose, evil lot, more than suspeoted of illicit praotioes. During this oooupaney the house degenerated from mere unthrift and dilapidation into the unmistakable aspect of disrepute whioh a house oan acquire when kept oontinually in bad oompany-, It waa suspeoted that the cellars were used as a depot for contraband whiskey, but for a long time the suspicion went unverified. The population thereaway was sparse, and the Wakefields were 'known to be keenly averse to interference, and, in both sexes, addicted to the ewift use of firearms, with great certainty of aim. (To be oontinued.) 