BUP.IKC TBE HEOHT. I have an affinity for awkward predicaments, and to submit to what is popularly known as an "experience" is—if not exactly my daily lot in life—my very frequent fate. For the one that I am about to describe I paid half a crown. The sensations that that half a crown brought to me were in excess of what 1 had anticipated, and strained every nerve in my body. Yet 1 am not a fool, and. no one is in his own estimation. 'Twas a November day—the time nine o'clock in the evening. I was in a London street, and had just viewed to my satisfaction a bow window in which was hung up a card with "Apartments to Let" printed on it. With the knowledge that 1 wanted a bed for the night, and with the card before me, what could be more natural and within the ordinary lot of man than to ascend the flight of steps that lay before me, knock, ring, enter, and secure a bed for half a-crown, paid in advance? To' my mind there was such a plethora.of vulgar incident in this that I lemember the transaction but dimly. That I was received by a landlady (she was middle-aged, J think), and escorted by ber to a comfoi cable bedroom on the second fleer: th-t 1 waf 1 rFt there- with and ink: tb?-: I oaKf-d for s^us.- writire- pap.T su:-3 i»p->n hy « girl, who she wov'r-} a-if h.-^r Either fcr sotve; i-ha' wh n she had brought it to mc I wtote si-vet ai Jsit^rs. and alterwai-d wen; tc- Kd—slT tbSs "•? five* vaguely in icy tnfriEMv- L-.- : it-' (-^iv.iiiudc to many asr- ther r.Jtu-t -hM I have passed under a hired roof. Tbp.-; thfr? cornes a blank, which groar- into again with iiv.' iusrubr/ju? sound ff ?. prolonged howl—a do^'s. I-. fi-i.vt. so <J?.rk ih.if the cattained window ol my roo-m offered but the faintest suggestion of the f j^-Ewached light without. Again and ibt oppref-sive silence and heavy gloom sround me were intensified to my siini-coiiiciousness by the howl without dying down to a. whimper, to extinction. A nervous reeling took possession of me, and fed upon the darkness. I sat up in bed, and drew a long breath to free myself of its- incubus. What was there foul with the night that it came so heavily to my lungs? For the moment I was puzzled, but only for the m-.imftnt. And then, half-suffocated, I ejaculated: "It is gas; there is an escape of Wu!i a Tvavr r=r my arm. I threw the hcdc-V-thi-s to ynt side . and with an eager V.g p! i.vr.tt a foot to tha floor. Then I stood up. and h'esItatr-3. Should I ring, shouid I call? "No," I muttered to myself. as J reflected that it was more than probable tbat the servant would strike a match in coming to my room. Besides, the escape was perhaps in my room. A step and a grope would tell me. I felt cautiously. No! the tap was as it should be. Then thought lapsed into instinct, and action supervened. I crept quickly to the door, and, turning the key in its lock, with the caution of a thief, and drawing the door into the blackness of my room, faced the blackness that vaster lay outside it. Gently, gently, with a hand touching a cold wall, 1 crept onward and to the left. My fingers were caught by a projection; they passed it *oy and sank into a hollow—'twas a door. T turned the handle and whispered gently, but distinctly, through the' now halfopened door: "It's I, Mr Snipe, the lodger. Don't strike a match. . There's an escape of gas. The house is full of it. Are you there? Do you hear? There's an escape of gas " No answer, but again the dog howled, and again I felt a nervousness come over me as I entered the room to feel for the bed, and found it—empty. - In and out of the walled blackness, to another room and another—empty- Thf.u up the stairs, to right and ieft, and back again — nobody. Down and down through the darkness, the ghost of light in a hall glass, with here a stumble* and there a stumble—to the basement, wax-m and odoriferous with k'achen odors, tained with gas. Verily, 1 and only I Was in the house. Suddenly the dog ceased to howl and I heard the dripping of a. watertap—drip, drip, drip. And with the fall of the water came to me a measure of time, and. I thought again: "What does it mean, this empty, black house? Why is this stifling gas seething around me, and only me? Ah! there is a foul evil in tlie night—away and .out, put of the house!" . " . With a rush I fought my way Up step by step to the hall above, and groped toward" the aim ' light shining pallidly through, a narrow glass window, above' the door. "Will it be locked?" I thought fearfully to myself. . "Is there not something following on my track?' . I turned the handle and pulled L it fiercely toward me. The liobr yielded and I rushed into the open. - . > > "Anything wrong, sir?" and with the words came a broad flash of light which, settling momentarily on my face, dropped as quickly to my b'are feet and back again. "Anything wrong, sir?" and the voice drew closer, the light flashing past me into the dark hall behind. Thsn the outline of a helmet and cloak loomed darkly upon me, and I found my voice in the presence of a constable of the law.:. - { "Yes, the house is full of gis, and— they^ye gone. I might hivo 'tor^n.. suffocated; perhaps they wanted to suffocate tne. I.don't know—I " "Wfce-\e sone? What's their name?" the uit'Mabruptly. ' Tl>:> is^dludy — the landlord— the dMigffcte'*. I dm>"t fcrow their names, hue Jock here constable,"' and I proceeded to s've my late "experience" to him in a woof of words. * The man evidently did not imow Wha£ interpretation "to place upon either me or my story (and small ownder, I hardiy knew myself), but, extinguishing his lantern, proposed that we , research the house together.__ This we did'carefully and "cautiously. At the initial stage of our exploration we, or rather he, discovered that the hall gas burner Was turned on full, and the gas issuing from it at .high pressure. "Might have t>een. blown -out by the draught," suggested the con- stable as he turned into a sitting moatf which I had already Searched, and threw open its windows to sweeten the atmosphere. "Yes, it might," l assented, "especially jf they left by tbe halT door, Which, by *iie way, was unbolted when I came downstairs/" ' But, tokneke a lonlr'storya. chprt one—: there was nobody in''the house. Not a Kv.'cg thing, with the exception of a dog efiaSned up in the back yard, whieh was surrounded, so'tar as we could see, by Mgft walls.'This was the poor brute whoa, mournful howling bad first aroused me, and that now seemed frantic with joi-" at the flelusive prospects of a social termination to his gloomy reflections. With t&e; discovery of-*the dog." and the yacd our search ended,and the constable intimated to me rhat he should sumraon additionalassistance. A shrill call on .his whistle— from t»e Sail door—translated tbe decision into action, and with the arrival of * another- constable upon the scene I was called upon for a fresh explanation. ^The second official head threw no more light upon the case -than the first, hut offered a suggestion—"Let's knock up the neighbors, p'r'aps they know, sumraat about it-" . To the right and back, and then to the left went that constable. Rat-a-tat, tata-tat! went the knockers: Up went windows, out came heads. "Who's there?" "What <5"ye want?" ' "What d'ye say— who's my neighbor? What - neighbor— what d'ye mean?" And then doors opened, ard other dioors canght the infection, and the-y opened; in short, there was a pretty "to do," and a half- dressed crowd siooa shivered around the steps of No. 112,.'...I was Quite harried tioiis. I had no sooner ariived at t!ie t;nfi' of one .series than I - was plunged into an.- other. . I.had no s'tfoner satiated one-inaivi-iual't degire for knowledge, than t was called upon to feed some one else. Whether my brain anil my tempeB would have stood the strain very long I can't say. Ciur I may add that this is a diffi- cult question to propound, even to myself. Happily I was extricated from the unpleasant situation, by being led off to the nearest police station to "be detained there pending further inquiries, as the result of those just made showed the existence of a local caste feeling which took no note of tlie existence of the occupants of No. 113, and it appeared well to the "Force" under these circumstances to hold me fast for the present/ At the station I told the inspector on duty all about myself cjruite like a little boy. But he did not appear satisfied, and muttered some word to himself that sounded to me like "suspicious." and which resulted in my seclusion. It was but temporary, as the result of the further inquiries proved satisfactory—to me, that is to say. This was what they proved: That my landlady, my landlord, and their daughter had left the house No. lis, and had left it in the night. That they had left it in the night, because they were in debt for their furniture (which was hired) and'.for their rent, ar.d because, presumably and by the evidence of certain tradesmen, they possessed no money to settle those vulgar claims. To them my half-a-crown. paid in advance, had been a half-crown, at least so (again) it was. presumed, for their whereabouts was never traced. — "The "Speaker." 