WAY'S OF THE WORLD. Bv BOTET. Nr.tbalia just at present is envied by all; Melbourne girls, who have been mourning for years the decline of dancing and. scarcity of dancing men. Nathalia is favoured in another direction. In ad dition to a wealth of men, who dance all night till the broad daylight, and get home j just two lengths ahead of the milkman in j the morning, Ehe has within her boundaries numberless males attractive and wealthy enough to be stalked as husbands by the young and beautiful, and mature and hand gome Nathalieans. The grand old clergy man has so boomed his town that all female eyes are longingly turned towards it. If it were not for the high railway fares 2Catlialia would be rushed. Perhaps Mr. Mathieson can see his way to run a series of Goulburn Valley "dancing trains" at cheap fares. Something should certainly be done to help Melbourne girls to a fair share of those Xathalia husbands and these charming social gatherings. The close season for ghosts duly ended with short nights, and there is a good crop appealing in several of the up country districts. They are slightly different to last year's consignments. The yards of gauze have disappeared, and wings tprouted. They have taken to daucing in the pale moonlight-just step-dancing, Dothing Nathaliean. The plucky.men who have the advantage of meeting them faint or collapse with fright, as usual, remain ing in a very bad condition for several days. By the way, nothing has yet been heard of Lord Beauchanip's family apparition B carriage and pair driving up at the dead of night. I heard a fair to middling ghost story the other day. A lady, in the shires, had been out hunting, and coming home very tired and cold, lay down on the hearthrug in front of the diningroom fire, and fell asleep. Presently she woke, and in the flickering light saw what looked like two white pouter pigeons chasing each other noiselessly round the table. She determined when they came near enough to seize them. At lajst her chance arrived, and she found she had grabbed the calves of the footman, busily engaged in laying the table. He had been moving as noiselessly as possible in order not to wake his mistress. Sir. Labouchere has been very angry with Lord Hopetoun for some time, in fact, ever since his lordship was made Lord Chamberlain. Since then "Truth" lias kept up a succession of pin-pricks, the latest being the following:-"The hopeless muddling of the Lord Chamberlain's de- j partment in connection with the May: Drawingrooms is the subject of general j complaint and most severe criticism, and it is quite evident that drastic reforms in; the arrangements for all these functions . will have to be carried out before the next, season. The device of balloting the names j of candidates is a. most fantastical absur- j dity, and worthy only of a comic opera.1 If this is a sample of Lord Hopetoun's ad-: ministrative capacity, he is certainly not j the right man in the right place." One t looks in vain in other papers for mention! of Lord Hopetoun's "hopeless muddling." I Mr. Vincent Crummies, actor-manager j (known amongst his own company as "Old Bricks-and-Mortar") originated the Infant Phenomenon. The idea gradually '? spread, and now there is no self- respecting town that has not at least two infant pro digies. Miss Ninetta Crummies was a j natural genius, and her talent had drawn: complimentary letters from the nobility j and gentry in almost every town in Eng-j land; she had not played before the; crowned heads of Europe, but that was j their misfortune. Mr. Folair, Mr. Crummles's leading man, held a different i opinion of the infant phenomenon, which! he imparted in secret to Nicholas; Nickleby-"Infant phenomenon; infant humbug, sir! Why, there isn't a female j child of common sharpness in a charity school who couldn't do better than that." But Mr. Folair was hardly a fair critic of the infant. "Isn't it enough to make a man crusty," he said, "to see that little Eprawler put up in the best business every j night, and actually keeping money out of the house? Why, I know of fifteen- and-six pence that came to see ME dance the Highland Ring." 