WATER SUPPLY AT THE REEDBEDS. INTERESTING FACTS. Owing to the dryness of recent seasons localities where there is usually a good water supply have run short. This is per- haps not altogether an unmixed evil, as it has made the people look round for a bet- ter supply for the purpose oi intense cul- ture. .Perhaps there is no place within the Adelaide districts that has sufiered more, comparatively speaking, from the dry sea- sons than the Reedbeds, the immediate neighbourhood surrounding the outlet of the River Torrens. Owing to the shortness of the water coming down the river the residents hare been obliged to seek below the surface for a more abundant supply, which from all appearances seems to be permanent. With a view of ascertaining to what extent these operations have been carried out a representative of 'The Reg- ister' made a visit of inspection, and saw nearly all the wells in full working swing. The first well visited was that of Messrs. Stanford Brothers, which is situated about three-quarters of a mile from the Town ship of Fulham, and on the north side of the River Torrens, being the most norther- ly well in the immediate district. Mr. M. Stanford gave some useful information. The well is dug 12 ft. x 12 ft. x 23 ft. deep, being cased witn stout jarrah planks for about three iiarts of the way up, and the rest of the walk galvanized iron, the whole being braced ut-ross with stout timber, u in * mine. At the bottom of the well, which consists of a layer of limestone substance, there are four boles knocked tlirough; from these the water gushes through as clear as crystal and perfectly fresh, bringing with it small quantities of white fine Kind. This water rises to within 13 U. of the surface . ia summer. A GJ-borscpoiver Otto Cra-sley oii- tngine, with all the latest improvements, working a patent ccatrifu?ai pump with 3-in piling, bringing to the surface 15,000 pi'ilono per hour, wnl only ju.*t keep it ml check, and with & speed ot 12,000 gallons f per hour a continuous stream can be kept I up all day, and even al! night if required. The water is u.-ed in cultivating a plant of lucerne that has been in for norae years, am! is conveyed in a large, long, open sta tionary galvanized iron gutter, and thence in 6-in. galvanized pipe*, which can be easily moved at will.* Tht» water is run ou whea the crop in cut oil. which is dons piece by piece, so that when the b«t is i:iit it is ready to start at the beginning as.iin: and it is Mirr-ris-inR tc we how the lucerne grows when thus treated. 'Mr- ^tahford u-e-* it for feeding dairy cows. Th» next wrtl visited was that of Mr. F. Htfls's, which L« only a stone's throw from . Messrs. Stanford Brothers', in a southerly) direction: in fact, rather too close, ** when j both pumps are working together the sup ply is not ouitc *o good. The well is 10 it. I x 10 ft. x 2» ft. deep, and cawl with wood : and iron. The water flow* in through a large hole in the bottom about the size of a: roan's body, ami ulso brings in sand, come . of whiMi i« rather co.ir*e. Sir. HilU wnsj al«) working his oil-enpne, which is a 7-| horwpower F«»nnby. working a 3-in. centn- j fnrai puirp. This well will also continuously minplv 12,0iiO 'nitons per hour, at a co»t, | Mr. Fills cstiwte*. ot frrm 3*. 6d. to 7s. per day of tea Lours for the nil wA. Lu cerne 'is also thf iJtr^uft here irrigated, the mMin nperandi «f watering being the simp as before explained. Mr. Hills's In-' wn:* is ataut eiirhtoen months old, and ? ha? hecn cnt three time* already, that i standing beinjr from 21 ft. to 3 ft. hfcrh, i looidnp thick and heithy. Mr. Hit's wti- j maVs that a tin of kciwino will Drnduce i about 5 ton* of lucerne, which is also used I for -j»w-fr»ddcr. He u of opinion that a . pood'snnfcins is better than only watering the surface. Keeping a southerly course, the next well i« tl»at of Mr. H. G. Butfrr fie!d. the we'1-kncn-n proprietor of Henley Vww Dairy, but this sipply comes from a ]mr»»r Wei tJmn thn«e fomwly visited, the ?wen being 32 ft. dwn, and three bore* 4 in. in dr meter no 16 ft. deeper. The well is likewise cased ground with jarrnh and .cor rusated. iron. Tlie water simply shoots up throush the borw, makine finite a cwnmo tinn in the well ii« it rushes up. This is especially noticeable if two of the boreholes are stopped up. and only one left to run. The irater in the writ will rise to within 8 ft. of the surface* in winter time, but the rammer level is 12 ft. The well is oblong in done, being 10 ft. wide by 20 ft long. thu« it can be seen that the capacity of holding is prrot. One of the Otto CrossJey oil-cnyine*. 6J-horsepower, fitted with 3-in. centrifugal pump, does the lifting work, ami a nice cool strevn there was tearing from Hie oatl-*t-pir-* iwto the open gutters, md thence into 8-in. closed and movable pilvanized-iron down-piping. t Mr. Butter HM'i enptsepr, Mr. Smith, states t&ai; the work done during the summer time ave rages nine hours a day all through, and that 108,000 ealloiw a day had been raised, hut that 135.000 callooa a day could eacaly have been bronirht up, and this has been existing for four years, and vet the supply i» the some, showing conclusively that deep wcll-bonng is inevitable if a regular oca constant supply of tha precious liquid is 'ranted. Dunn; the fbtrr summers that Mr. Butterfield's engine has been in work it haa had only one overhaul in? up to sow, when once more a clean-oat was required, tlius giving good work with but little la Itour. When asked if tbfr (|uantity of kern sine to raise the water fmm such a depth was great, Mr. Smith replied that as near ad he. could mv about tour caUons were consumed in eight hours. The lucerne, maize, Horghnm, Ac,, that were growinp under this irrigation presented a beauti fully fresh green appearance, mak ing things quite cool. The lucerne then bdng watered was not twelve months old. and a considerable quan tity had already been cut oft* it and used for milk- production. Mr. ButterneJd also uses the wat-T for household purposes, having it laid on with gaspiping from an I'le^ated tank above the wcil. and supplied by the engine, but when this L* not working a windmill pumps the supply needed to water stock, &c.; The property of Mr. Thomas Stanford joins that of Mr. H. G. Butterfield on the south side. When I visited Mr. Stanford lie was busily engaged in watering lucerne, which, he stated, would have produced no thing worth cutting if it were not for the water supply. The well u constructed Rmiewh.it on the vaiue principle as the others visited, being 10 ft. M]uare, and walled to above high wittcr mark with btout jarrah timber, topped oil with corrugated galvanized iroii. and numerously crats-stayed with sub stantial Oregon beauu to prevent the earth caving in, which it did last winter, as Mr. Stanford tells me, owing to insufficient staying on the iron. The well is 23 ft. deep, and is supplied with water from a hole in one corner, which conies in at a great rate, equal to about 10,000 gallons per hour, but Mr. Stanford expects to in cn-aw this by digging his well a foot deep er. It is neodivsa to say that when thj eojdae is stopped the water soon nils the spacious well, rising to within 13 ft. of the surface. A 3-in. patent centrifugal pump, worked hy a six-hon«powcr. improved C'rcsslcy oil-engine, brings the water above the surface ai the rate of over 0,000 gal lons per hour. The first few tect of water cau be pumped out quickly, but after that it is slovv* work to l«»*cn the supply even it ^leed u imrca.-cd to over 12,000 gallons {?cr hour. 'I he v..iter on being raised is dis potcd of into the uaual galvanized iron ptm-oring, rau«d above the ground on Ires tils ot timber to get the necessary slope, ami thence to the lucerne through movable round iiiping of the 0-in. eulibre, con nected by stout culico or canvas joints. It is interesting here to note that it was in this well that the l'oseil hkeleton of the diprotodon u-.is found at a depth of lH ft. from the c-urfuce, being the first aud only whole Irame ol that extinct mammal found on the Adelaide Plains. Other speci mens were ira^mcntary bones supposed to have been wattied down from the North, where the annual* were i-lentiful in their time. From this well a visit was next paid to 'Iiolmnrth,' the estate of 3Ir. John F. Mvilor. ait ua ted at Kuiliam, and being still farther *outh-wwt than the last place vi sited. Here. Mr. Mellor has one, if not the best, well of drinking water in the colony, and hold* date a* being one of the oldest well* in the neigh bournood. It is nut large, being circular and bricked throughout; it in 25 ft. deep by 6 ft. dia meter at top an-l 4 it. G in. at the bottom. ' Here, a 2-in. bore penetrates the earth for IS ft., and gooi iuto sand where the sea has originally ln.cn ages ago, and it is from this depth that the water comes, bringing with ii a quantity of white sea sand, and at times small pieces of seaweed that have been entombed lor ages past It is nedlws to say that the water com ing front thu locality of the bowels of the earth i» as dear as crystal and as cold a* ice, this especially being so on a hot day, when a drink from these recesses is refreshing and invigorating after having to undergo the lukewarm stuff that collects in the pipes in the city, which so much re minds one uf the liquid that vendors bring to one's doer (int. thing in the morning, which they call 'Milk, oh!' Mr. Mellor has not yet tested the supply of his well with an engine, but it is sufficient to say that it supplies all the wants of the farm cattle, horns, poultry, garden, and house bold requirements, and will hold its own against a windmill working a 3-in. force pump, also a hand force-pump of the same size, and a number S liargest size) Doug las pump, throwine half a gallon at a stroke. The water rises in the wdl to about 12 ft. from the surface in summer, but much nearer in the winter time. These un derground supplies Mem to be somewhat local in their habits, for Mr. Mellor has tried in several other places to get a sup ply, but so far has failed. In a well about thirty yards away from the one in question a bore was put down 50 odd feet without the desired effect, and ubout 30 yards fur ther on a bore has been sunk to a depth ot over 60 ft., with only a surface water supply at a depth of 13 ft. down, which is not of great pressure, consequently the supply is not enough. In another direction in a well about a hundred yards from the firstmen tioned one another try was made by bor ing down to a depth of 75 ft. from the sur face, but only a moderate supply comes up. In boring these various holes the chief sub stance encountered was a thickness of black surface soil, under which comes limestone substance and sand, with here and there some coarse gravel, where a river bed has originally been before the land gradually filled up. Under this there are strata of red. yellow, blue, and grey clay, which is so hard that even the boring-machine will, at times, hardly touch it, consequently any water that may. be above this cannot pos sibly get away, and that below has not a ghost of a chance to force its way up un til pierced by the bore. Intermixed some times in this there is a layer of fine sand, but below this again there is the white sea sand, where the supply seems to come from. Leaving HoJmfirth, I matte my way across country to the property of Mr. Chas. A. Smith, jun., of the firm of C. A. Smith ac/i Son, engineers, of Adelaide. Mr. Smith's property is situated about half-way be tween Henley Beach* and Glenelg, and about a quarter of a mile from the sra, be ing still more south-westerly than the other supplies met with. Mr. Smith, being of a mechanical turn of mind, decided that he would start operations, and bore until he met with success of some sort or another, and success has certainly rewarded him for his enterprise, for after sinking to a depth of 22S ft. a supply was topped, with pres sure enough to force the wafer to a height of C ft. above the surface, but. as the bore put down Ls only a small one, the flow is naturally small also, but nevertheless the stream of water is more than sufficient in a day to fill a 2,000-gsdIon tank raised sevc ral feet above the ground, and Mr. Smith says this stream has increased a little sinca it started. This, it must be borne in mind, is done without the necessity of any artifi cial luting, which in all cases runs into ex pense. Mr. Smith says he is confident with a 10-in., or even a 12-in., bore, he could raise enough water, or at least the water -would raise itself in quanti ties sufficient to completely flood bis land, and with proper taps could be worked at will. Jlr. Smith's method of boring was by hydraulic power, being, he states, the first time it has been worked on this principle in the colony, and is far cheaper than the nsnal way of the auger prinonle or diamond-drill, there being no lifting'cf rods to clean out the dirt, *e. This is done by the pressure of water, which is forced down a J-in. gaspipe with the aid of a powerful steam-engine working a hydraulic pump, the pressure being 230 16. of waker to the square inch; consequentlv the piping must be of the very best, eise it will burst and have to be hauled up again. This pipe is worked in*ide a 2-in. casing pipe, which is driven down a* the earth is blown a war by the force of water. All the dirt comes up ouUid« the Jin. pipe, but inside the casing. On the end of the rod is fixed a steel cross chisel for jumping anv hard substance, but to p!aced that it does not interfere with the force. During the boring operations several thicknesses of rock of a flinty limestone formation were encoun tered and pierced, also one seam of rock much resembling granite, but not so hard. At 135 ft. a stratum .10 ft. thick of river pebbles of considerable size. were met with,; and again at 100 ft. down another layer was discovered, thus showing what depth of fillicy up has gone - on since the water rushed over them as a sunlit stream. Below ? this and si a depth of 219 ft. a scam of! 12 in. thick of white pipeHay came to view, j immediately beneath which a bed of fine yellowish-red sand was Iteld in confine- 1 iuent. This Kind is identical with the yellow-red sandhills which are to nume rous in and around the district, thus show ing that the sandhills hare come by come force from a depth beiow the surface of more than 220 ft., an interesting fact. At this point tbe red ram] is 8 ft. ? thick, making a denth of 22S ft. from the surface, and 2 ft. below this the pressure of water is derived. Sand of a nver and pebbly nature was also met with at 105 ft., and again at 115 ft, when borin' was easy. Mr. Smith states that be went 1W ft. in three days, -and in cizht davj completed the whole 230 ft, which would hare taken months to finish with the otner methods. On the top of the caeine Mr. Smith has fixed a pipe from a windmill working a 4A-in. force-pump reduced to a 2-in. pipe, and by these means he ran -et the mill to draw up with the aid of the water-forcing 1,000 gauons per hour. It comes up with such freedom that it is neoessarv to have two 2-in. delivery pipes to carry oft* the water of the one 2-in. pipe below. From the reservoir tanks there is a system. of water-pipes which carry the water to various parts of the land to be used for stock, irrigation, and household purposes. When asked if the process was an expen sive one, Mr. Smith reolied tb»t he uad just contracted to put down a bore 220 ft. deep for Mr. J. H. Aldridge at his farm at Richmond, for £90, and find all materials. This he expected would take eicht davs to complete. 