AT THE BEEHIVE. A FAIR OF HARD FACES. MOSQUITO. They are a pair of middle-aged brothers, both getting on to the broken-mouthed stage of life, both farmers, both-with a few thou sand pounds worth of land in the sun and vain aud both with many thousands otherwise put away in safety. Instead, how ever, of now cooling off somewhat in thbir acquisitive ardor and quest of gain they afo keener at it than ever. It is growing on them as they grow older. They are playing it very low, down how. What their next achievement in tlm acquiaitoriol line will bo may bo estimated from the following true incident which occurred a day or two ago at one of tlio grain loading railway statioiis hot thirty miles from hero:—The pair of broth* ora drove-up to the woigliiug platform,'each with a pair of overloaded, grunting horses and 40 bags of oats on each waggon. They looked suspiciously at tho weighing platform, took counsel together and then they looked calculating!)' from one" load to the other. Then they rend the tariff, "Weighing on this platform 6d per load.” The happy thought struck them that they could combine tho two loads, make one weighing of it and thereby save sixpence. So they started to work to dump the whole of 40 nags of oats off one waggon on to another already fairly loaded waggon; They worked at it with might and main, and you can understand what a task it was, especially as the load rose higher and higher. The stationmnstcr, a Httlo distance away, was contemptuously eyeing their proceedings. Ho know fi om previous experiences what they wore after, ami on this occasion he sab himself down to think. In about an hour tho pair of hot and perspiring workers came up and told the stationmastor tliat they had a load of oats for Melbourne which they’d like him to put over tho weighbridge. He said nothing, but wont out, performed the weighing and gave them ,a docket sotting forth tons, cwts., etc., in the usual way, The pair then drove away, having by an hour’s gruelling work on the part of two strong men reduced the railway revenue by sixpence, and saved it (os they thought) for themselves. It was oosorved that they went away in tho same waggon, witli the other waggon hitched on behind and two of the horses following free. "To save wear and tear of harness on the return journey," explained tho stationmastor. To a friend the stationmastor also explained : — "They’ve, gone away flattering themselves that they’ve made threepence apiece out of the department. Hut they don’t know that the grain merchants to whom thoy’resonding tho stuff arc getting a whole hundred-weight of oats for nothing. I purposely misread the weight of tho waggon by that much, so as to punish them. I’d have made it 3cwt. or 4cwt,, but they’re as cute as crows, and I was afraid they might bowl me out. Any how for their hour’s work they think they’ve earned sixpence, whereas, they’ve had th'oir labor and lost 4s worth of oats to the grain merchant as well. God help poor devils, ; say r, who have to drag out an existence working for follows like them J Why, con found it, tho threepence each that they think they’ve taken away will not go to tho church either. For they’re both local preachers and dodge the collection plate every Sunday they’re expanding their chests in tho pul pit.” It remains to be added that the station master in question has since discovered that he misread the-regulations in allowing tho. two loads to bo weighed as one. Directly you drive a load on to tho railway station promises it is a load and must be weighed as such. If you want to indulge in hanky panky, such as merging two. loads into one, you'll have to do it off tho station premises. So next time 'these brothers turn up with a load apiece, tho stationmastor will, of course, allow them to finish their lumping and dumping- as before. Then he'll explain the departmental regulations to them and make them put it all back again before he weighs tho respective waggons. As they're so fond of working for so very little it would be a pity to deprive them* of their enjoy ment THE "RIGHT REV. DR. ALFRED" PEAKIN’. What a splendid bishop, moderator or chairman of a Wesleyan Confer ( enco was lost in that clever talk ing young man when ho took to : law and instead of to the saving of : soiils at so much per ' annum—not on the payment by result system, however. As a lawyer there ore numbers who can talk over the Hon. Alfred's head. As a politician and Minister, such a muddle was made of the Mildura and general -water schemes on which millions wore squandered that he’s never likely to bo a Minister again. As if to make surer than Tt was before of this fact, the impulsive young man—he’s only about 40—is about to introduce the Bible I in State Schools League into Parliament. If j you want to make the average member of | Parliament supremely bitter and vindictive' just corner him on a Bible in State Schools League questipn. His gall will overflow into his blood-vessels, and he’ll never forgive you. There are about 60 members of Parlia ment who soon, will be wishing that the Hon. Alfred wore amongst the spirits, hav ing no further communication witli this mun dane sphere .than ho can/manage per favor of a slate and "medium," and a Spiritualists’ circle. Politics, hereafter, will have no commensnrately - remunerative place-for the Hon, Alfred. Politics don’t want him, but it is very evident that some, at least, of the churches are just dying of inanition for the want of helpers like him. Emotional, mag netic, learned, a man of the kindest disposition and of unblemish ed private character, and of an intellectual but highly subjective class of mind, lie would .be the very beau ideal of a prolate to take the place of Dr. Thornton of Dr. 3oe. I don’t think that it would be a very costly or tedious process td translate the bon. gentle man into "His Lordship, the Right Rev. Dr. Alfred Deakin.” With his comparatively youthful vigor if “Alf, Melbourne” got fairly on to the job you’d soon sqe how artistically and sympathetically he’d pour water on the dry bones till out of every discarded wind and weather blenched old bone in the valley thereof yon saw a beautiful rose tree bloom ing. "Alf. Melbourne’s” sphere of useful ness is anywhere else than amongst the square-jawed hardfaces of the Lower House, , MISCELLANEOUS. For the next few months.whether will the ordinary Australian newspaper reader be most interested in Howell’s lowering .of the sticks or Marconi's lowering of the poles? Tho answer is Howell by one hundred thousand to one. (Marconi, it may bo neces sary to explain, is the wonderful Italian who Js successfully solving for the world the prob lem of wireless telegraphy). A young woman at Englehawk, knocked down by a bicyclist the other evening, would not givo tho young man’s name to the police because she’d then have to appear in tho police court against him. Lucky young bicy clist ! But if she has gob a big brother—onq like one of those Englehawk first - eighteen. fellows for should send him to tho young man to ascertain whether it whs purely an accident or not, and if so why. it was an accident. Or if she has a stalwart! sweetheart she should send him forth to"ex tract satisfaction for her like tho knights of .old were in the habit of being utilised by their best girls. She should put him under a vow not to Speak to her. again till he lays at bor foot three or four square - inches of that bicyclist’s scalp. 1 Witness: "Pidgcon referred to the tools in a . sqiiabblnus way,” , Melbourne County ; Court Item. Tlio Herald thinks that Profes sor Morris might note the new Australian word. *"sq»inbblOus.” I can’t, however, see that there’s anything peculiarly AWvaban in it. It’s only“Pid geon Englinh ” . “Sympathy with tho yiUnudors.” as cx «pressed at tho Mdhouriio Town Hall meet ing the other afternoon.was very entertain-' mg. The “sympathy business"'was chiefly in;the hands of Victorian Upper House mcm bers-7-Sir F; J. Wrixon, N. Levi, N. Fite . coraid and Mr. M’Eacham, mayor cif 'Mel bourne. They sympathised deeply -with the poh- qnfrnnchised 1 speculators,'black labor em ployers and other individuals of Johannes burg. But we never hear a word of "svm ■-pathy” from tho same qiiortors ’for our own out-pf-landers. Haven’t wq always got our Own old Conservative Coni Paul ruling the Upper House and a lot of other Com Pauls fitting around him looking out for their own /monopolies.' Ain’t a very considerable sec ’.tifta of: our own people perfect OutlnndorsH v «nd aliens so far as tho franchise for the Vic? : ; torian First Road (the Upper House) os con-", corned? For that, matter .arc not tho whole of : the people of Victoria franclnseloss and umiaturalised-as regards-our ‘Ttedtoad” inasmuch as there hasn't been nu the “Find Rood” 'for-so long 11 per od that i can’t recollect when the Inst took P^co 7 , Sympathy with Outlandcrs, indeed I prob ably it's all right. But if these ‘sympathis ing* dfcy and financial swells would only look to our own outlondcrs and look at themselves in their own looking-glasses for the Conser vative intolerant Coin' Pauls that they arc this country would have a far larger .popu lation and bo immensely more prosperous than it is. , ' The historical Earl of Stratford had such a tragic ending that one would have thought the title w'ould not afterwards have boon considered a lucky one to bear. It is a good many years since the wretched King Charles I. lot tho Parliament behead his faithful and too devoted Prime Minister Strafford in order to keep them quiet, and not to be troublesome to himself- In this, however, the weak and faithless king was disappoint ed, ns a deputation of them one day, em boldened by their success in reducing Straf ford by a head, called round to perform a .similar operation on the king. Now wo have tho decapitation of another Lord Stratford. This time it was the wheels of a'ppaceablo English locomotive that performed the deed, not a strong hand of excited British Radicals. It is n coincidence, however, that probably the only two bearers of tho historic name who have ever come before book and news paper renders in -Australia should have both been beheaded—the one because ho trusted his king too implicity, and tho other bc- I cause ho foil in a fit at. a railway station in front of o moving train. There was never a (second King John an England. After nn experience of the first one the authorities voted tho name unlucky, and it has been tabooed in tho royal line for the past 700 years. The Strafford people, when the earl dom was revived ought to have taken warn ing by tho old English precedent. Nor for many a day has there been a Duke of Buck ingham, When the king or mob wanted a specially exciting day's.diversion it,used to he the fashion to bring out a Duke of Buck ingham, and bohoad or assassinate him. At Inst tho Dukedom of Buckingham came to bo regarded as unhealthful as a czarship of Russia, and their graces of Buckingham were allowed to disappear from tho peerage. A Sabbath breaking boy and a man got a right good fright at a mine at Little Bendigo, , Bajlornt, last Sunday night. They were haling water with a whim and stopped about 9 p.m, for crib. The boy took the whim horse to a water hole to drink. Whilstthcre a mnde-up man pounced on the boy, brand ished a knife, threatened to kill him, nr.d look the horse away. It stopped their Sab bath breaking for that evening. The horse was found some time afterwards graz ing in the vicinity. The question now is whether it was a ghost up to one of his pranks, or a Sabbatarian who adop ted this original and effective method of bringing Sunday work to a sudden close. Whofc did the lawyer moanY Mr. Barrett : “If you will only give us a guarantee^-” Judge Gaunt: “You can get no guarantee from any angry woman,” Mr. Barrett: “Very well, your honor; you have had more experience of them than myself,” Surely the lawyer couldn’t have meant? No, without provocation ho could not enter ’tain such an idea. 