T h e Y alm an M ission, CLOSING UBBTINGS. LABGB CONGREGATIONS- HE KVARGBLISTB FABEW BLL Rev. 0 . H . Yatman, the American vangeliat, condnoted fail doling minion eetings a t tbe Temperanoe HaU yesteray afternoon and evening. On both ooaeiona there were extremely large ongregations, aod last night the build ng was so densely packed that a large umber were unable to gain admission. In (b«* afternoon, Mr Yatman preached »n " Lot’s wife," to a congregation conisting chieflr of ladies. Lei-t evening, the mutioner said that e desired to let oot of hie heart what as s ored Up there in a very fall easure, and to give a public expreseios f th»rka to God that He bad sent him o Hobart He felt gratefnl to the <>ung Men's Chrisiisn Arsociation and n the Becretary tM r Woolley) for the viiation to come bare, and wished to *ia'<k the clergymen, men of tbe city, or there troe and lnyal aapportj Mr e ->y. le-der of tbe choir ; the orgsaiet bo Prvss for its cenerona treatment to a iranger, the singer*, aod all those who ad seriated at the mission. He also hanked the manager of tbe Imperial and ie wife (Mr and Mrs Norih Hate) for h» kind manner in which tb«y had reated him. He said he . wonld never -rget the people of Hobart, end w >old lways pray (or, and have sweet recolections of them. Rev. W . B. Cunningham stated that he dargy felt thankful to God for the reat and blessed work tbeir brother, M r atman, had doneamongst them. They ejoiced with him* He felt that the isitor was a gennine man, and came fier souls, and not after money. Mr G . 8 . Q oncb, President of tbe oung Men's Christian Association, poke highly of M r Yatman. fie little hought that the mission would be so uccessful as it had beeu. They should raise God for havingsncb am in so fall f tbe H oly Ghost to attract tbem to im in each numbers. He felt grateful hat tba Association had been instruental in bringing him to Hobart. Bev. G W 8harp,- President of tbe ouncil of Churches, was very pleased to e able to thank God for bariog sent a an into their midst who was holy, pure nd sweet. M r YaimaD worked hand in and with the cborcbes The same could ot be said of all travelling evangelists. e thought the churches would reap the reatest benefi' from the mission, ifaej ll welcomed Mr Yatma" in his way of rineing eouls nearer to G >d Mr Yatman, in giving bis concluding vrntk-e, hoped that every man, w man. t.d child in the hall - without execp i .n—won d have the presence of God efore departing. His farewell words ere full of hope, trhst.and coofideuci od. The time would come when cap ivity would end—witb the calling of the lect it wonld come. There were some ocked np io Hobart that night in gaol ho could not get ont. Let them take reat care th*) did not so offend God His displeasure and be oast into is prison. I d the land beyond thare as no poverty, ao hanger, ao pain, iches, oo death, no disappointment eaven, the city four »qnare( did ave a cemetery, the rumble of a hearse ad nive been beard in the streets. This as a sad, cold world ; it was so when esus wab on earlb. One of His apostles etrayed Him ; He was doubled, and hen He waa dying for tbem end asked or a cup of water they wonld not give it Him. I t was different in Heaven, and here ware nates oo the east, weit, north nd *onth f<*r them all (o enter. He dvised tbem to take tbe road of the w/tnlJ nnl «- fin, bn' farewell and good-night,as be ould meet them on the mjroing of *»y thet has ooaonset Tae miasicro, which has been of ahighly accessfol naiuie, terminated with d< o'ional norci-es. Mr Yatman proc*eded to Launceston -day to conduct a mission io that ity. 