AUSTRALIAN DROUGHTS. While we are all but too painfully con- scious of the effects of those prolonged droughts which are so common in this country, there are not many of us, it is to be presumed, who have any very clear ideas as to the exact cause. That is a question, indeed, upon which the men of science, the specialists who make mat- ters of the kind their study, have not exactly agreed as to what should be the final word. There is a theory which was probably familiar elsewhere long before this country was trodden by the white man, but which has been often heard of within recent years with direct application to the circumstances attend- ing Australian settlement. It is that which associates changes of climatic conditions with deforestation. The clearing of timber off wide areas of ter- ritory has, it is alleged, had a direct ten- dency to increase the heat during the summer months. When the rays of an almost vertical sun pour down on a soil from which every vestige of shade and foliage has been removed, the earth, it has been said, becomes baked and dried in such a way that the whole surrounding at- mosphere is affected, and heat waves are produced. A series of questions on the subject was recently put in the New South Wales Assembly to the Minister of Public Instruction, Mr. Hogue, by a member of that Chamber, Dr. Ross. Mr. Hogue was requested to ask the Government Astronomer, Mr. Russell, whether he could assign the probable cause of the droughts from which the colony had suffered of late years, whether ringbarking and deforest- ation had anything to do with these disastrous visitations, and in what par- ticular districts of the colony they had been most prevalent. Mr. Russell, in his answers to these queries, led off with the reminder that droughts are not con- fined to the Australian continent, but are known in other countries -in South America, Africa, India, and in a less degree all over the world. With respect to this ele mentary piece of information, the pre- sumably anxious gentleman who was awaiting a reply in the New South Wales Assembly, might, indeed, have thought that it needed no ghost -scienti- fic or otherwise -come from the grave to tell as much. However, the Government Astronomer's report proceeded to state that in his opinion the drought's were to be traced in Australia, even as they were in India, to the prevalence of the monsoon winds. They were not, he considered, generated by anything which was peculiar to Austialia, but were the results of special energy in equatorial regions, which was distributed over the world by the trade winds and monsoons. The original source of this energy Mr. Russell believed to be outside the earth, but nothing with any approach to an accurate knowledge of the laws which governed it was, he considered, likely to be attained -till all countries com- bined their observations concerning such destructive forces. With regard to the effect of forest clearing on rainfall, Mr. Russell's con- clusions are opposed to what may be termed the popular theory. He feels quite certain that, so far as his own colony is concerned, the destruction of trees has not decreased the rainfall. It would, in fact, seem to have been the contrary way, if he is to be credited. In continuation of his views on that matter, he refers to inquiries instituted as to the alleged decrease of rainfall in Western Europe, "through the spread of popula- tion over districts which had once been thickly timbered. These investigations showed, he says, that the rainfall had not been lessened. The average was much the same. Similar evidence was forthcoming from the United States, where "the felling of timber had been carried on for years on a wholesale scale. Among other conclusions at which Mr. Russell had arrived was that the droughts in the colony for the past ten years were not as numerous or severe as previous ones, extending over a similar period, had been. Not satis- fied, however with this testimony, the gentleman, who through the medium of the Minister for Public Instruction had interrogated the Government Astrono- mer, returned to the charge again. In the fresh series of questions which he propounded, reference was made to a pet theory of Mr. Russell's own as to alter- nate periods of drought. These he had defined as embracing cycles of nineteen years. The cycle idea has not, indeed, inspired a general amount of belief as fervent as that which is doubtless given to it by Mr. Russell himself. With re- spect to it, Dr. Ross was evidently dis- posed to sit in the seat of the scorner, when he asked how it was to be recon- ciled with the experiences through which the colony was actually passing. Mr. Russell from his cycle calculations had predicted that 1897 and 1898 would be "good years." But, apparently with unruffled scientific calmness, he replied that the years were "good," at any rate in a comparative sense. This, to be sure, may smack somewhat of the scien- tific method of that oft-mentioned but anonymous celebrity who thought that, when facts did not square precisely with his theories, it was so much the worse for the facts. At all events, whether droughts come in regular cycles or in more eccentric and uncertain fashion, the question of averting their conse- quences is undoubtedly one of the most important with which the people of Aus- tralia have to deal. As to how far Aus- tralians themselves may have contri- buted to the severity of such visitations, any facts which can be ascertained are of course, of the utmost value. On the whole, the illustrations which the sub- ject has received from the Government Astronomer of New South Wales are less calculated, perhaps, to clear up doubtful points than to suggest the want of a good deal more light. 