Ladies Chitchat. The New York municipal department on pApril 1 discharged its office boys and cmragcd |an equal number of girls in their places. jbTkeir duties are to rau errands and copy ^letters, &c.; It is said the girls are quieter Jhnd more reliable than the boys. Assemblyman Daggett has introduced the ^following bill into tho Wisconsin legisla ture: 14 Resolved that :i eornroittci be ap ■polntcd, consisting of three members, to draft a biil to protect the health of the tnbsss, old imiaitls, aad married women of the Statu or ^Wisconsin, by making a law to prohibit tight [lacing." Mrs. Helen Barker, the president r«f tho Women's Temperance Union, says that [the troublo will begin when the police attempt :b enforce such a law. The Hisses Leitcr, the sisters of Lady Curcoi), arrived at Bombay on Harch *24. rThey were met by Mr. Lawrence, Lord ICurzon's secretary, and proceeded to the resi ^dcrice of Captain Goodndge. A sensation was caused oh the landing of the ladies' lug gage by the discovery that the dros>ing-ease [containing all their very valuable jewellery .was missing. Immcdiatoly the whole police force was warned, uud four of the smartest detectives were detailed to investigate the ^matter. The excitement was acute, but it Ifetvas destined to be short-lived. Lite in the Suftempon the missing case was found at ^Government House, where it had. been taken I with the luggage of a friend of Lord &ma; i-kuret. . It has been considered unlock}* to be married iu Hay ever .-inee the days of Ovid, and those •people who have spent their time in lookiug up roots and reasons have given what they consider to be the origin ot the superstition as follows: In ancient Koine.there was laid iu Hay a festival called the Lemuria, or Feast ♦■£ the Lemure, which was a ceremony in honour of departed souls. It became with tho Romans what wo should g^'cull tc bad form " to have matrimonial fefeasts at the season of a solemn ritual, febc-iug, no doubt, thought to be an iusult to ?tho dead to many at such a time. From tlhis a number of stories grew of tho revenge pnade by the outraged ghosts upon those who idarcd to disregard them, and if anything un fortunate happened to a rottpie who hud been ^married in May, it would, of course, have •Leon put dowu to retribution. So the tr.i [ditiou of iU-Iuck arose, and its influence has |hssted ever since, even to our time. The Vienna correspondent •»£ the J/or«i«y *?0 writes: Acuriousca>chas jn^tbecndceided I : in court. A lady hud claimed h-iavy compen sation from a young man with whom she had recently danced at u milked ball, and who jjbad 4'allowed " her to fall so heavily, that risho had received a se vere internal injury. (The defendant declared that his partner was in poor dancer, auu that he had hud consider ^nblo difficulty in steering her througii the [crowded room. . She foil, he declared, jforcauso she was a had dancer. " J •have Jiad far too much practice iu danc ing," he said, 44 to allow my partucr ti> full." ■On the other bawl his ex-p:tr:ner asserted jihttt the young man insisted on attempting iitcw steps which he had scrm at tho opera 'ballet and desired, to imitate. 4* He flung his Oogs about," she said, ♦' and went through a ?lund of Russian hent-kuee dance, iu the exe cution of which he tripped me up ami wo Loth fell heavily together." The judge, how em*, decided that the man could not be held responsible for the safety of his partner, and the claim was dismissed. The newest wedding1 ring is of medium thickness, or else very slender, round instead j of flat. The wide ring is no longer used. | It appeai-s likely that walking-sticks for ladies will again become fa- diionuble. Several, ladies carrying sticks have been seen in tb? ultra-smart quarters, such on Piccadilly, BontI -tract. and the Park. Of course, in the uo'tu- I try women often iro out with sticks when j taking a constitutional, but tbey have only I quite lately appeared in London. The Americans have reduced present giviug to the minimum of simplicity. On birthdays, and other festive occasions, the I heads of rich families merely hand to each of | their relations a slip of paper on which you rend, " Good for a hat or dress, or any other, article tho recipient wants, at such and such j a place." This is signed like a cheque, and ; there the trouble ends until tlio bill comes in. ] . A European Government servant was j recently married to a native woman in j Sumarang by the Mahometan ceremony. It! took place in tho mcsjid, and it was conducted by the pengliulu, bur the bridegroom was not proseut. He had given written notice that. [ he would not pur. in an appearance, but he j sent his hat, and that was, according to; native custom, quite sufficient. She married the hat. The idea of a poverty party, at which nil the guests appear attired as cheaply possible, and wearing no jewellery, originated in America, and has been promptly adopted in various countries. A recent adaptation of the idea was taken up with great success at an English party of smatt people. The rule runs as follows: *4 Ladies' dresses must be calico. No iady is to wear more than two brooches; gold chains and diamond stars are iorbiddcu, also kid gloves. Gentlemen may wear any costume they plca-x —the simpler the better. No patent shoes or diamond studs. Orchids in the buttonhole forbidden." A new fashion in wedding presents appears to be about to supersede the hackneyed one of jewellery. It takes the form of prayer-book* for bride and bridesmaids, covered in speci ally designed artistic bindings, with the initials of each recipient and the date of the event in gold on the side. A leaf of vellum with gold border is also inserted in each book for the signatures of those present at the ceremony. The idea is excellent, as a prayer book is a serviceable articlo for daily use, and is also a memento of what is an important erent in a girl's life. The idea originated with theGuiid of Women Binders. G1 Charing Cross road, London, and is already being carried out for some important weddings.. The fashion started some rears back of putting women servants into livery is gainiiu; considerable ground. In England they mostly wear olaek dresses and open jackets, with white or co ourcd waistcoat; hut in America some of the housekeepers have supplemented the black and white cups, collars and aprons with knots of coloured ribbon placed on the pockets of the apron and cn the white cap. the colour denoting their position in the house. Those who open the door appear in some one tint; those who wait in the dining room wear only white, while the housemaids have piuk. A noted hunting woman in tbc States robes her maids in scarlet, while au ecclesiastic has his servants arrayed in bright purple and white aprous «ud stole ends. 