Jimmy Goggles the God, .IcoufpBTB in mis i$suit.y I , . BY . H.G.WELLS, Author of ' War of the Worlds," " Tho Island of Moronu," " Tho Tiuio , »; Muoliine," &o.;, &o.; _ corvsioiw. PT isn't everyone who's beon a god," said tho sunburnt man. " But it's happened to mo, among other ttu. w sense of his oou- " It don't leave much for ambition, docs it?" said tho sunburnt iniui. "I was one of thoso men who wore " r saved from tho Oceitu Pioneer.- Gummy ! How time flies ! It s twenty " . years ago. I doubt if 'you'll remember auy- thing of tho Ocean Pioneer ?" Tho nuino was familiar, and I tried to ' ; recall when and where I had read it. Tlio ...Ocean Pioneer? ".Something about gold dust." I said vaguely- "but the precise— — " , "That's it," he said, fin a beastly little channel slio hadn't no business iufdodging pirates. It. was before they'd, put tho kybosh ' ' on that business. And there'll ubeu volcanoes or something, and ' all the rucks was wrong. ' There's places down by Soona where you fair \- have to follow tho rocks ' about to . seo whore they're going next. Down she went in twenty . . fathoms before you could have dealt for whist, . with iifty thousand pounds' worth of gold aboard, it was said, in one form or another 'Survivors?" . " Three." "I remember tho case now,". I said. " " There was something about salvage-—" But at the word salvage the sunburnt man exploded into language so extraordinarily horrible that I stopped aghast. He caino down to more ordinary swearing and pulled himself up abruptly. "Excuse mo," lie said, "but salvage!" He leant over towards me. " I was in that job," lie said. " Tried to mnko myself n rich : man and got niado a god instead. I've got iny feelings." " It ain't all jam being a god," said the sunburnt man, and for some time lie conversed by means of such pithy but unprogressive \- axioms. At lust ho took up his talo again. "There was me," said tlio sunburnt man, "and a seaman named Jacobs, und Alwuys, the mate of the Ocean Pioneer. And him it was set tlic whole thing going. I romembor him . now, wliou we wns in the jolly boat, siiggest- ingit all toouririinds justby onosentenoe. He was a wonderful hand at suggesting things. 'There was forty thousand pounds,' bo said, ' on that ship, and it's for mo to cHy just where she went down.' ' "It didn't need much brains to tumble to that. And he was the leader from tlio flrst to tlio last. Ho got hold of the Sonderses and their brig — they were brothers, and the brig was tho Prido of Banya , and ho it was bought tho diving dress— a second-hand ono with a compressed air apparatus instead of tubes and pumping. He'd have done tlic diving, too, if it hadn't made hint sick — as it does many peoplo going down. And tlio ' salvage people were mucking about with a chart he'd cooked up, us solemn as could be, at Starr Ruce, a hundred and twenty miles uway." " I can tell you wo was a happy lot aboard that brig, jokes and drink anil bright hopes all tlio time. It all seemed so neat and clean and straightforward, and what rough cliups ,,call a 'cort.' And wo used to speculate how. tlio other Jot, tlio proper salvagers, who'd started two days before, us, were getting on, '-.until ouc sides fairly ached. Wo all messed together in the Sanderses' cabin — it was a curious crow, nil officers and 110 men, and there stood the diving dress waiting its turn. The younger Sunders was a humorous sort of ciiap, and lio saw something funny in tho confounded thing's great fut head aud its stare, and ho made us see it too. 'Jimmy Goggles,' ho used to call it, and talk to it like a Christian — nsk if ho wns married, and how \- Mrs. Goggles was and all tho littlo Gog- . gleses. Pit to mako yon split. And oveiy blessed day all of us used to drink tho health of Jim Goggles in rum, aud unscrew his eyes ' and pour a glass of runt in him, until instead 'of that nasty niuckintosheriness lie seemed as nice in the inside us a cask of rum. It was jolly times wo had those days, I can toll you , —littlo suspecting all the disappointment hat was a-coming. " Wo weren't going to throw away our \- chances by uuy blessed hurry, you know, and ' we spent a whole day sounding our way towards whero tho Ocean Pioneer hud gone .down), right between two chunks of ropy '' gray, lock-lava rooks that rose nearly out of the water. We had to lay off about half a 'mile to got a safo anchorage; and there was u row who should stop aboard I remember , nnd tliero she lay just us slio had gone down, su that you could sec the top of the masts, ' that were still standing, quite distinctly. . And I wont down 011 Friday morning directly . it was light. i " What a surprise it was ! I eaq soo it all ..'now- quite distinctly. It was a queer looking place, and tho light was just eomiug. People over hero tliiuk every blessed place in the . tropics is a flat shore, and palm trees and suif, but it is u lot more varied really. This place, for instance, wasn't a bit thut way. Not common rocks they wore, undermined by waves, but great curved banks like ironwork cinder lieups, with green slime below und . thorny shrubs and things just wuving upon ' '' . tliem hero and there, and the water glassy, calm, and clear, and showing you a kind of dirty gray black shine, with huge flaring red brown weeds spreading motionless, and erawl- ing aud darting things going through it. And fur beyond the ditches and penis, and tho heaps, was a forest 011 the mountain flank, heating ngniu from the Arcs and cinder ' . showers of the lust eruption. And the othor way, forest, too, and a kind of brokou — what' was it?— amphitheatre of black nnd rusty cinders, rising out of it, and tbo sou iu u kiiid . of bay 111 the middio. "Tlio dawn, I say, was just coming, nnd there wasn't much colour about tilings, and ' not a human boing but ourselves anywhere 111 sight up or duwii the channel, except the "Pride of Banya, lying out beyond a lump of rooks towards the line of sen. ' . "Not a human being in sight," ho re peated, and paused.. "I don't know whero they came from, hot a bit. And wo were feeling so safe, that wo wcro all alone, that young Sanders was a-smging. I was iu .Jimmy Goggles, all excopt tlio helmet. 'Eusy,' says Always, ' there's lior must:.' . And after I'd had just one squint over the gqiiwalo, I caught up the bogey and almost tipped out us old Sanders brought the boat round. When tho windows wore sorewed ' 'and' everything wns all right. I shut tho vnlvo /fnim' the compressed uir belt in order to help \- ' ' 'mysinkiiig, jumped overboard foot foremost,' ' niui down I wont — for wo hadn't a ladder. I .. left the bout pitching, and all of them no doubt staring down into the water after me, .with all their eyes, as my head sunk down ' ".in'lo the weeds and hluokuess that luy about the mast. I suppose nobody would liavo ' ' bothered about a lookout ut uuch a dosolato ."-'.'.place;' "."Of course, you must, understand tlmt I was 11 greenhorn at diving. None of us were. \- divers. -We'd had to muck nliout with tho thing to get tho way of it, and this wus tlio K first .time I'd. been ut all dcup. It feels dsmnublo. Your oars liiirt beastly. I don't know if you've over hurt yourself yawning, of sneezing, ' hut it takes you llko that, only ten times, w-orso. And a pain over tlio cyo- brews hero splitting. And a t'eolmg like .influenza in the head. And it isn't all heaven v -in your lungs und tilings Going down feels like tho beginning of a lift, only it keops on. And . you can't turn your heud up to seo, .. whut's. above you, una ,you euu't got n fair . .squint at what's happening to your feet, . without bonding down something painful. .";))' .'And being. deep; it was .dark, let alono the -.blackness of tlio ashes and mud that formed the bottom. ' It. was like going down out of /'; ' tho daivu bauk into tho night that had just passed. " Tho must ouirio up like a ghost out of tho black, and tlion a lot of iislics, nnd then a lot of flapping 'rod seaweed; and thoh I canio with 11 kind of dull bang on tlio dock of tlio Ocean Pianoer, and the fishes that had been feeding on tho dead rose about me, like n swarm of flics from road stuff in summer time. I. turned c,u the compressed uir ugain — for the suit was a bit thick and mackin- toshy after nil, in spite of tlio ruin — nnd stood recovering .myself- It struck coolish down tlioro, nuil that helped take off tho stuffiness a hit. "When I began to feel easier, I stnrted looking about 1110. It was 1111 extraordinary sight, Even tlio light was extraordinary— a kind of rendy-colotu'od twilight, on account of the streamers of seaweed that floated up on 'eitlior sido of the ship. And far overhead just u moony deep green blue. The denk of tho ship, excopt for a slight list to starboard, was level, and lay all dark and long between tho wcels, clear except wliero tlio masts had snapped when slio rolled, and vanishing into night towards tho forecastle. Tlioro wasn't any dead on the deck, most woro in the weeds alongside, I suppose ; but afterwards I found two skeletons lying in the passenger's cabins, where death had come to them. " It wiiH curious to stand on that deck and rccogniso it all, bit by bit ; a pluco against the rail where I'd been fond of smoking by star light, and tho corner whoro an old chap from Sydney used to flirt with a widow we had aboard. A comfortable couple they'd been, only a mouth ago, nnd now you couldn't have got a meal for a kitten off either of tliem. " I'vo always hud 11 bit of a philosophical turn, and. I daresay I spent tho best part of fivo minutes iu such thoughts beforo I went below to find' where tho blessed dust wus stored. It was slow work hunting — fooling it was for the most part, pitohy dark, with con fusing bluo gleams down the companion. Aud there wore things moving about ; a dub at lay glass once, uud once apiuoh at my leg. Oralis ! I kicked a lot of loose stuff that puzzled 1110, and stooped and picked up some thing all knobs and spikes. What do you think? — backbond But I had never had any particular feeling for bones. We had talked the affair over pretty thoroughly, and always know just where the stuff wns stowed. I found it that trip. I lifted a box on end." Ho broke off in liis story. "I'vo lifted it," ho said. ' 1 As near as that ! Forty thousand pounds worth of pure unsullied gold ! I shouted inside my '"dmct. as 11 kind of cheer, and hurt my ears. I was getting con foundedly stuffy and tired by this time— I must have boon down twenty-livo minutes or more— and I thought this was good enough. " I went up the companion ugnin, aud as my eyes came up flush with the deck a thundering great crab gave a kind of hysteri cal jump and went scuttling off sideways. Quite a start it gave me. 1 stood up clear on deck and shut the valve behind the nelniet to let tho air accumulate ill the suit and carry mo up again. That's how it's done, you know. I noticed a kind of whacking from abovo, as though they wero hitting the water with an oar, but ! didn't look up. I fancied thoy were signalling mo to come lip. "And then something showed down by me, su'\ething heavy, and stood a-quivcr in the phtitks. I looked, and there was a long knife I'd seon young Sanders handling. Thinks I, he's dropped it, and I was still call ing him this kind of fool und tlint, for it might have hurt 1110 serious, when I began to lift aud drive up towards the daylight. "Just about tho level of tlic top spars of tho Ocean Pioneer, whack ! I came against something sinking down, and a boot kuocked in front of my helmet. Then something else — struggling frightful. It was a big woiglit atop of me, whatever it wits, and moving and twisting about. I'd have thought it a great big octopus or sowo such thing if it hadn't been for tho boot. But octopuses don't wear boots. It was all in a moment, of course. I felt myself sinking down again, and I threw my arms about to keep steady, aud tlio whole lot roiled freo of mo nnd shot down as I went up " Ho paused. " I saw young Sanders's face, over n naked black shoulder, mid a spear driven clean through his ueclc, mid out of his mouth and neck what looked like spurts of pink smoke in tlio water. And down thoy went, clutching one another, turning ovor, nnd both too far gone to leave go, and in auothcr second my helmet came, a whack, fit to split,, ugainst the niggers' canoes. It was niggers ! Two boats full! " It wus lively times, I tell you ! Over board eamo Always with three spears in him. There was tho legs of three or four bluck clmps kicking about mo in tlio water. I couldn't seo much, but I saw the gtitito was up at a glanue, gavo 1113 vnlvo a twist, uud weut bubbling dowu again after poor Always, iu as awful a state of scare uud astonishment as you can well imagine. I passed young Sanders uud the nigger going up again, and in another moment 1' was standing in the dim again on tho deck of tho Ocean Pioneer. " Giimmy, thinks I, here's n fix ! Niggers 1 At first I couldn't see anything for it but stifle below or stabs above. I didn't properly understand bow muoh air there wus to last me out, but I didn't fool like standing very much more of it down below. I was hot and. frightfully heady, quilo apart from tho blue funk I wus iu. We'd uever reckoned with these beastly natives, tvlio 11s you know are pretty well like tbo Papuan devils. No doubt they'd boon stalking tho brig at tho very time we'd been setting about diving. "It wasn't any good coining up where I was. hut I had to do something. On the spur of tho moment, I jumped over tlio Bido of the brig and landed umnng the weeds, und set off through tlio darkness, us fast as I could. I just stopped oiieo and knelt and twisted hack my head in tlio helmet aud had a look up. It was a most extraordinary bright greoii-blue above, and the two cuuocs and the boat wero floating tliero very suiull nnd distant like a kind of twisted H. And it fnndo me feel sick to squint up ut it, and think whut tlio pitching und swaying of the three meant. " It was just about the most horriblo ten minutes I ever hud, blundering ubout iu that darkness, pressure three atmospheres, sick with funk, aud breathing nothing, ns it seemed, but tho smell of rum and mackintosh. Gummy! " After a bit I found myself going up a sleepisli surt of slope. I hail another squint to seo if anything was visible of tlio canoes and boats and then kept on. I stopped with my head a foot from the surface, und tried to soo whero I wns goiug, but of courso notliiug was to he seen but the reflection cf the bottom. Then out I dashed. Directly I got my oyos out of the water, I saw I'd oomo up 11 kind of beaoh near tlio forest. I liud 11 look round, but tlio nntivos aud tho brig wero botii hidden by n big lmmmonky kind of heap of rubbly and twisted lava. Tlio constitutional fool 111 mo suggested a ruii for tho woudH. I didn't take the liolinot off, but! eased. open one of the. windows und went 011 out of tho water) You'd hurdly imagine liovr oloau uud light tho air tasted. " Of course, with four inches of load in your boot solos und your head iu u copper knob tho size of a football, and after thirty., five minutes under water, yon dou't break any rccurils running. I ran like a ploughboy going to work. And.half-way to tho trees I saw a dozen niggers or .more," coming out in a gaping, nstonishod sort of way to meet me. "I just stopped dead and cursed myself for all the fools out of Loudon. I had about as much ohatioo of cutting back 'as u tin tlo. I just screwed up my window again to leave my hands freo, and waited for tliem. There wasn't anything else for nio to do. "But tliey didn't como oil very muoh. I began to reuliso why. ' Jimmy Goggles, ' I says, 'it's your beauty does it.' I was in- alined to be a little light-headed; I think, with all.thcse dangers ubout; und tho chutiga in the pressure of tho uir. 'Who'reyo starim- ut ?' I said, as if the savages could hoar mm 'What d'ye take me for? I'm bunged if I don't give you something to stare at,' I siiid ; and with that I sorewed up tho escape valve and turned on tile compressed air, until I was swelled out like a blowing frog. "Regular imposing it must linvo been. I'm blessed if they'd come 011 u stop ; uud presently one and then uuother went down on their hands and knees. . Thoy didn't know what to inuka of mo, and.thoy were doing the extra polite. I had lutlf it mind to edge back seaward and nut and ruu, but it seemed alto gether too hopeless. A stop buck and they'd havo boon after ma. ' And out of slieor despe ration I began to march towards thorn up tho bcuoli, with slow lieiivy steps, uud wuving my blown-out arms about in u dignified manner. Aud inside of mo I was singin- as small as a torn- tit. , " 0 "Bat thora's- nothing liko a 'striking appearance to holp 11 man ovor a difficulty, as I'vo fouinl before and since. Peoplo likoour- relvcs, who're up to diving dresses iiy the time . we're ; seven, can scarcely imagine tho' oft'eot of ono on ft simple- mtndod savage.; O110 or two of theso niggers out and ran, the; others started in a great hurry to knock thoir brains out on tho ground. And on I wont 11s slow and solemn iuid silly looking iind' artful' us ft jobbing plumber. . It wiis evident thoy took mn for something immense. " Then up jumped 0110 and began pointing, making oxtrnordinury gestures to 1110 ns iio did so,.. and all. tho others begnn-sh'aritig thoir nttontion botw'oen mo and 'somo.thiiig out at sen. 'What's the 'matter now?' I said. I turned slowly, on account of my dignity, und there I saw, coming round a point, tho poor old Pride of Bnnyn, towed by a couple of canoes. The sight fairly made mo sick. But they evidently expected some recognition,, so I wared my arms'in a striking sort of nou- ooininittnl manner. And then I turned nnd stuikod on towards tho trees again. At tlmt time J. was praying liko mad. I remember, ovor und over nguiu, ' Lord, help ine through with it.' . It's only fools- who know nothing of dangers can afford to laugh at praying. "But these niggers weren't going to let me walk through and away liko. that.- ' They started a kind of bowing and invoking dnnoo ubout me, and sort of pleased me to tako a pathway, that lay through tho trees. It was clear to 1110 they didn't take ine for a British citizen, whatever else thoy thought of me, nnd for my part I was never loss anxious to own up to my nationality. " You'd hurdly believo it, perhaps, unless you're familiar witli savages, but these poor misguided ignorant creatures took me straight to their kind of joss place, to present me to the blessed old black stone there. " By this time I was beginning to sort of realise the depths of their ignoraneo. and directly I set eyes 011 this deity I took my cue. I started a bnritono howl ' Wow-wow,' very long on ono note — and began waving lav anas. about a Jot, and then very slowly mid corcinoniously turned tlicir image over on its side aud sat down on it. I wanted to sit down badly, for diving dresses ain't much us wear in tho tropics, or to put it more pre cisely, they're a sight too much. It took away their breath, I could see, my sitting in thoir joss, bat in less than a minute .they mudo up their minds und wero hard nt work worshipping 1110. And I can toll you I felt a bit relieved to see things turning out so well, in spite of the weight on my shoulders and foot. " But what made mo anxious was what tho chaps in the canoes might think when they enmo buck. If they'd seeii mo in tho boat before I went down and without the helmet 011 — for they might have, been spying and hiding since overnight— thoy womd possibly take u different viow from the others. I was in a douce of a stow about that for hours, as it seemed, until the shindy of tho arrival begau. " But thoy took it down, tho whole blessed village took it down. At the cast of sitting up, stiff and stern, as much liko thoso sitting Egyptian figures ono sees as I could maungo, for pretty nearly twelve hours, 1 should guess, at least, on end, I saved my life and secured the situation. I don't think any of them dreamt of the man inside. I was just a wonderful leathery great joss tiiat lind oomo up with luck out of the water. But tho fatigue ! the heat ! the beastly closeness ! tho mackintoshes and the rum ! tho perpetual anxiety and' tho f uss ! " Tbey lit a stinking fire on a kind of lava slab thoro was before me, and brought in a lot of gory muck — tho worst parts of wiiat thoy woro feasting 011 outside, tho beasts 1 — and burnt it all in my honour. I was getting a bit hungry, but I understand now how gods manage to do without eating, with tho smoll of burnt offerings about them. And tliey brought in a lot of tho stuff they'd got off tho urig, and what I was it hit relieved to sec, t;hc kind of pneumatic pump that was used for the compressed air affair, and then u lot of elinps und girls enmo in and danced about me something disgraceful. "It's extraordinary tho difforent ways different people buvo of showing respect. If I'd had a liatchet handy I'd havo gone for tho lot of them, they made me feel so wild with thein. All this time I sat as stiff as company, not knowing anything better to do. And at last when nightfall cainc, aud the wattle joss-house place got u hit toe shadowy for thoir taste — all these hero savages are afraid ut tho dark, you know — they built big bonfires outside aud left lue alono in peace in the darkness of my hut, freo to unscrew my windows a bit and think things over, and feel just as bad as I liked. "I was weak and hungry, and my mind kept on behaving like ft -beetle 011 a pin — treinondous autivity and nothing done at tho end of it, conic round just whero it was be fore. There was tlio treasure down there in tlio Ocean Fioneer, and how ono might get it and hide it somewhere safo and get awuy and come hack for it. And there was the puzzle where to got anything to cat. I tell you I was fair rambling. I wns afraid to ask by signs for food, for fear of seeming ton human : so there I sat and hungered until very near tlio dawn. "Then tho villngo got a bit quiet and I went out and stole sumo stuff like urtieliokes in a bowl aud sorao sour milk. What was left of these I put away among the other offerings, just to give them a hint of my tastes. And iu the morning thoy came to worship, and found mo sitting up stiff aud respectable on thoir previous g.id, just us they'd loft mo overnight'. I'd got my back against the control pillar of tho hut, and, practically, I was uslcop. And that's how I beraimo 11 god among tho heathens— a false god, 110 doubt, and blasphemous, but ono can't always pick and choose. f'.Now/ 1 don'.t want to oraok; myself up as; ft god beyond my merits, but I'mnst. confess til lit while I was god tp these people thoy wore boally extraordinarily" successful. I .don't. say there's anything in it, mind you. Tliey' won a hattlo with another tribe — I got a lot of offerings 'I didn't want through it— thoy had wonderful fishing, and the' crop of ponrra was exceptionally fine. And thoy ulso counted tho capture of tlio brig among -my benevolent proceedings. I must say I don't think that was a poor record for a per fectly now hand. And,, though perhaps you'd scarcely credit it, I was the tribal god of those boastly suvages for pretty nearly four months. " What else could I do, man P But I didn't wear that diving dress all tho time. I- mado , 'em rig. me up ft sOrt of holy of holies ; and a . deuce of a time I had too, making them understand what it was I wanted them to do. ' '.Chut indeed was the great difficulty— making them understand' my commands. I couldn't let myself down by talking tlioir lingo badly, '.even , if I'd been ablo to 'speak at all, and I 1 couldn't go flapping a lot of gestures at : them.' ' So " I dtw pictures in sand and silt. ' down besida tliom and hooted liko ouo-o'olools. Sometimes tliey did tho things I wanted nil- right, aud sometimes they did thorn all wrong.: i Thoy were always very willing. ' "Ail thewhilolrvas puzziiug how I was to get tho confounded business settled. Every night before the dawn, I used to march ont in full rig and go oi? to a place where I could see the channel iu which tho Ocean Fioncor lay sunk, und onco eveu, ono raonnlight 1 night, I tried to walk out to her, bht tho weeds, and rocks, and dark olean beat mo. I I didn't get buck.till'full dny, and then I found ! all thoso silly niggers out on the bench pray ing thoir sea god t'o.reUirii to them. 1 was thut vexed and tired) mossing und tumblin<" about, uud coming up una going down again, I could liavo punched their silly j heads all round. " I'm hanged if I liko so much ceremony. " And tlion came the missionary. It was iu the ufternoon, audi was sitting. in state in my outer temple place, sitting on that old blaek stone of theirs, when he came. I hoard a row oiitsidd' ond jtthhorihg, and then his voice Bpeaking to an interpreter. 'They worship stocks nnd 'stones,' he said, and I kiiow what wus up in a flash. " I had one of my windows out for comfort, aud I sang out straight away on the spur of the moment. ' Stocks and stones ! I says. ' You como inside,' I says; ' and I'll punch your blooming liend.' " There wns a kind of silence, and more jabbering, and in lie cmne, Bible in hand, after tho manner of them, a little sandy chap in specs, and a pith helmet. I flatter myself that mo sitting there in tlio shadows, with my copper heudandmy big goggles, struck him libit of a heap ut first;. ' Well,' I says, ' how's tho trade in calico ? ' For I don't hold with missionaries. "I had 11 lurk with that missionary. He was 11 raw hand, iuid quito ohtclassod with a man liko me. Ho gasped out who I was, and I told him to read the inscription nt ray feet if he Vuntcd to know. Down he goes to read it, and his interpreter, being of course us superstitious as any of them, took it ns an net of worship and plumped liko a shot. AU njy paople gave a kind -of howl of triumph, nnd there wasn't any more business to be done in my village uftor tliiit journoy, not by tho likes of him. " But of courso I wns a fool to ohoke him off like that. I'f I'd hud any sense I should havo told him straightuwny of tho treasure, aud taken him into company. A child conld hnvo secn'tho connection between my diving- dress and the loss of tho Ocean Pioneer, A week after he left I went out one morning, and saiv tho Motherhood, the salvors' sliTp from Starr Race, towing up channel and sounding. The wholo blessed game was up, and all my trouble thrown away. Gummy ! How wild I felt! And guying it in thut slinking silly dross !" Tlio sunburnt man's story degenerated again. "Think of it !" lie said ; "forty thousand pounds' worth of gold !" " Oh, yes, bless him !. And he pledged his reputation tliero was a man inside the god, nnd started out to see as much with immense ceremony. " But there wasn't — ho got sold ngaiu. ' I always did liate. scenes and explanation-', aud long before ho came I was out of it all- going- humo.to Bauya. along tho const. No clothes, no money, nothing. And just a squeak of - eight thousand "pounds of gold. But tho natives cut up rusty, thank goodness,' because thoy thought it was him had driven their luek away." 