FLANNIGAN'S LAST FLUTTER. I didn't liko the ring of it from tho first. Thoro was tho plan of tho mansion done something beautiful ; anil thoro was Flash Harry, holding his breath after rattling off tho most fascinating tale that ever modo a misguided man's blood go amoking hot. Yet, as I nit there, finger ing tho ticketrof-lcavo in my pocket, I'd havo givon sovereigns for tho courage to catch him by tho neck and put hiin out- aide — but tho way that man always had with liim was something past words. VTain't fairl' I whispers, wiping my forehead. 'You try someono elso. I took my solemn oath lost timo ' ' And didn't I, too 1' he says, in stag gering earnest. 'Bill Flannigan, mind -you ain't mad 1 We've both of us turned up risking and running; it's no class whatovor. But this hero — why, I'm coming nnd pushing sacks 0' golden quids iusido your door. Tho others 'ud loso thoir heads over boing millionaires at a stroko ; you wouldn't. Look at it ! Thcro's the house, soventoon Bolid miles from London, and only ono or two bloated village coppers anywhoro noar. It's as good as empty— tho Colonel fetched tho wholo family up to town yesterday for a month. There's four servants left in chargo. Hero's the butler's store-room ; betweon that and tho dining-room Bill, boy, thcio's onough white metal to blind your eyes. Seo that dot 1 That's tho Colonol's dressing- room. You'll just unlock it nnd fill his own bag, singing to yourself ail tho time, whilo I pack up tho silver neat. If tlio safe's thero, you'll plcaso yourself. Next dot — my lady's room, and tho girls' next to that. Wo sample the larder, write adieu' on every door, and roam down to the village, where I'vo a trap waiting in a lane. I shall take a saloon for America, and you — woll, you can stay quiot, work out you ticket, and then float a mining company aud bust the market. . . . Your hand — settled 1 Wo tako train to morrow night, and wo can tako the swag about 4 n.m., when a servant can't be woko 1' That was it, and so it happened that, a bit boforo dawn, two days later, I found myself ocreep, creeping down that cursed corridor in Colonel Armstrong's country houso. Harry Flash was feeling his way down bolow ; you could hear your heart tioking, and yet I'd novor felt more shaky and doubtful. Ono moro step I took, and then — wallop ! I'd gone sprawling, tho sweat oozing out on mo liko beads, and in my 'ears the most horrid sound of bolls jangling, as it seemed, all over tho house. Wlmt noxtl Flash Harry's rush down there, then a spell of liorriblo silence. As I struggled up, half stunned, and groped for the wiro that had been stretchod low across there, bang goes a door, and someono camo tearing up those stairs, calling someone else. I went flying down that corridor, turnod tho corner, nnd camo to more stairs, ono up nnd ono down. Never rockoning, I dashed up ; and perhaps that saved me for the time — the man after mo must havo gone down. I was on tho top landing, under a slanting roof, every nerve in me red-hot. Cornered 1 No ; thero was a trap, or skylight, just overhead, with the half- light showing through liko a gleam of salvation. Up on the banister I I found tho bolt, just managed to shoot it back, and banged open tho trap. Ono spring and I caught tne outer ledge, and had dragged myself through — waiting for tho shout of dis- eovery underneath. It never camo. For what scorned solid years I lay there, not daring to movo a ' muscle, praying for daylight, whatever \- happened. I could just hold on, without knowing what was above or bolow, ex pecting every minute a policeman's nob to bob up through tho trap. But, no ; it got lighter and lighter, and nt last the poor November sun broko out — tlist meant it must bo nigh on eight o'clock. And I hadn't moved 1 Fairly sick and desporatc, I lifts my head at last to look behind. Ugh I Thero was tho brown fields right down below, nnd— and — why, was that a waterspout sticking up at tho corner, only a few yards awayl Yes! Then it was my chanco, if I could only get to it. My feet against tho gutter, I started worming along sideways, till my boots touched the spout, and I had only to turn round head downwards on tho greasy slant. ... I couldn't again, but I did ic somehow. Ouo breath I took in, and then peered down, ready for anything. Was I dreaming 1 That pipe reached clear to the ground, and there wasn't a policeman or anyone olso to bo aocn. Tho amazing fool I'd been ! Quick as thought I laid hold of tho pipe, worked inysolf off this edge, and went scrambling down it like a cat, gripping easily with hands and knees. Down, down, until I could have writ myself down s\fo as eggs — when a door just below opened, and someono stepped calmly out. A woman I Ouo horrid staro, tlion a screech that went right through ma ; but I didn't wait for tho rest. I dropped, dashed along by the wall, through a gate way, and went off up that road at a paco that mado ovorything swim boforo mo. Clear away 1 No — horrors f — as I turned tho cornor, I give ono back-look to 6ee if the shout meant anything ; nnd there was a man just starting after mo on a bicyclo affair. I rushed on another hundred yards beforo that sweet gap in the hedgo sent tho thought into mo — a bicycle was no good in a field. Stagger ing ovor tlio ruts I went for baro life, praying for one uioro chance. Another hedge — another look back. Ayo, he was after mo, trundling his roundabout across, w-/ 4 shouting liko mad. Whoop I I'd tumbled out into a road again. All up now I There was a sharp bend ; turning for tho last timo, I just see bis wheel wobbling as ho got astrido it. Ono more Bpurt, nnd then, just as I was swinging round with my fists up, I spied tho ghost of a chanco— a high, spiked brick wall, and the branch of an elder-troo hanging over it. O110 wild jump I took, caught tho branch, wriggled np, wont to lay along tho spikes till he'd passed, lost my balance, and topplod ovor — a good twolvc feet. Thon camo a dark blank— a beauty 1 It was tho sound of talking that brought me to in a fright I was lying behind tho troe on a heap of dead leaves. I rubbed my eyes hard — I mode sure I'd dropped into a prison -yard. Why, thoro TusraJ a big stretch of ground, laid out to The' 5 look like a garden, and a big red-brick building at tho far end. I could mako out one or two chaps like warders work ing about down thore, and a nurao trip ping along with a basin. But it wns tlio night of about a ucoro of men walking nbout the grounds all drossed much alike in a sort of gray stuff that mado mo fetch my breath so sharp. What on earth wan they up to, strolling up and down so nico and easy 1 And then of a suddon I hit it— I'd uhuckcd mynolf into a work- houso grounds, and theso woro tho paupers filling their poor lungs with tho blessed froo air. Bashed about, hungry, afraid to brcatho loud, all in a trcinblo — yes, I'd go through it all again rather than hear the beak asking wlmt was up against mo besides this job. And never — nover no moro 1 All oyes and cars, I poured about. The paupors, tlioy was a healthy, contcntod- looking lot onough — all bar ono chap, that somehow caught on my eyo from tho first. You could sco at a glanco that ho was no rcgulnr ' house' man, and felt tho sting of boing tlmro cruel. Ho walked round and round by hissolf, avoiding tho others. Twico lio'd been right by mo, head down, mournful as possible — a man of about my own class, and reddish whiskers somowhat similar. But I didn't tako that lost in till it so happoned ho enmo by the third timo ; and thon — thore, you might havo stunned mo with a baby's rattlo — if ho didn't shake hands hard with hissolf, look up pitiful, and say : ' Oh, for justice ! Oh, to throw off theso hated rags and tasto tho old liberty for ono hour 1' That was tho man's words. And mo — woll, I didn't know properly what was in my mind even then, but before I know it, or saw my way at all, I blurted out in a husky hiss : — ' Right you are, matey — change clothos.' W-who's that I' Toll you, I mndo certain I'd put my head into tho rope — such a start I10 gave at seeing mo there, gogglo-oyod at the rummy inspiration his look and word gavo mo. And he was fly — protended to bo looking up. 'Keep still ! Who are you 1' ho asks, very soft. I'm — tho new cook,' I gasps. ' What's upl Did you mean that thero — you'ro dying to havo an hour out on your own 1 Can't you do it in that clobber 1' For, do you sco all I could grasp at was, if such a thing could happen that he got outside in my Buit, they would bo nftcr him for tho burglary, whilo I could slip out at tho workhouse door and cut tho neigh bourhood beforo tlioy found their mistake. And tho way that man went white showed ho meant it, whatovcr his idea. ' You don't know this place,' he says ; you must be stark mad to coma here. It's worse than a prison — eyes in overy corner — a disgrace to civilization. Twice I've got away and been brought bock. Why 1 Because, if I onco got to London, I could lay claim to a vast fortune — and get it. And my relations know it, and aro keeping mo hero without a penny ns long as they can. Yes, sir ; I'm tho real Archibald Savage. It's a scandal that ought to be in the newspapers.' ' Lor' 1' I whispers, reeking with sweat for fear of someone coming along. ' Then let's bo quick — how can wo do it 1' There's nino bob in one of theso pockots, and it's halves. Whore — quick V 1 We're all right,' ho says, still gazing ' Providenco 00 nt you, aud Providence will repay you. Don't you seo tho tool houso in tho corner 1 Go on your hands nnd knees — now. .... Safe — that's it Can you see 1 Then — off with 'em.' ' Well 1 I could havo burst with chuckling, only for fear. I could hardly bolievo it was all true, but you could carcoly count fifty beforo thero we was in each other's clothes, and ho was scuttling back along tho wall to behind that older — tho very spit of mo, what with peaked cap and corduroys. And that man that had hated tho union so — well, I wasn't going to give myself away. I didn't dare draw breath till ho'd got off my shoulders 011 to the spikes, dropped over with a thud, and hobbled off up tho road groaning. Gone ! Thoro I stood, shaking all ovor aftor it, wondering whether I got out of ono liolo into a deeper. Tho pauper togs felt rummy and skimpy, and I was no hand ut breaking utonos, if it came to that ; some how, as I looked it up and down, I couldn't mako up my mind to try sneak ing out of the front door, without being noticed. No ; I'd give him ton minutes start, and then risk tho wall and the fields again. That wasn't to bo. Presently my pulse gives a fresli bound as ono of thoso official fellows comes walking up my way. Just in timo I recollected my book, stepped out into the path, and began ronming around samo as tho rest, with my head down and hands together, liko that other follow. What to say, what to do first, I couldn't think nohow ; my nerves were fair on edgo all tho timo, us I sided near tho house and tried to get tho bearings of it beforo something happened. I'd never beon in any work house beforo, but I reckoned that a dinncr-boll or something ought to ring soon, and bring mo a sort of chance. They'd bo suro to kuow all about tlio burglary job by now — I Air' I every minuto was making it mure ticklish. And ono of tho other pauper cliaps seemed to bo edging near me. ' Er — well, my lord,' ho says, in a high preachy voice, stopping ; ' still brooding 1' I stares up, and down again quick. Halloo, I thinks, that follow was a iluko \ or something, come down to this ! Yus, mate,' I says, afraid to pick my words. 1 ' Always a-brooding — doomed to it.' It's that vast fortuno docs it.' I knew I'd spoken wrong, but I was clean taken off my heels when ho stepped up, cool as n cucumber, and givo my car a nasty lug, and thon anothor. Up went my fist, without knowing it. I could havo shouted. 'Hero, what game's thisl1 I says. ' Jcr, don't you tako no libortios liko that again.' ' L-liborties !' Tho way that man drew hisself up and lot his lungs go with something paralyzing. ' You'ro intoxi cated, Bir,' ho says. ' Look at your dirty face. Libortios 1 How dare you address theman who ought to bo on tho throno of Prussia in that familiar wayl You know who I am as well as I do. You're a low French spy— I've said so all along.' . 'Ob.' I gasps. It would out, though my heart was lair in my mouth- I tee' the others giggling and nudging each other, and I novor couldt stand being chipped under any circumstances. 'Oh, nico day for an outing, ain't it 1 Throno o' Prussia, oh ! Tho ratepayers '11 bo kocp- ing quite a tidy few of vour lot over here soon, won't they? Ain't wo all como down in tho world 1' - Next moment — oh, what wouldn't I havo given if I'd only let that chap pull my othor car, and edged on. How did it happen? I'll novor properly know, many a timo as I'vo dreamed it all over since. Red to whito he went, and back again ; and then with a howl nowhere noar human, ho camo at me, his mouth gaping opon. And I reckon the howl I sent up wasn't so far inforior, for there's tho marks to this blessod minuto to eiiow whero his teeth closed on my nose. Arras and legs around mo ho was biting nnd tearing in a fashion that put all tho fear out of me. Cuiniwrland style I might managed — but that thero ! . . . Scratch, bito, bang ! — wo was at it ; now up, now down ; and 111 fho scrimmago I could mako out nil tlio othor chaps clapping their hands and bobbing np and down liko marionettes. And tho noiso ! Tho placo was alive with it ; it rings in my cars now. Bosh, bite, thump. Someono was tugging at mo behind now, but, lor I I was letting drive at everything that camo near mo. Yci ; and thon of a sudden, when everything was just beginning to spin round , tho horrid trnth of it all flashed into my brain. I'd caught a shout. ' George, quick — paddod room hero ! Ring up tlio doctor I Quick, I can't hold him. There's something wrong.' Hold him. Podded room ! . . . Lor1 1 would I over forget how my boiling blood wont, ico cold 1 AVorkhousol Nary bit of it. I'd just got into' a madhouse, sirs, and thatsavago chap and tho King of Prussia fellow, and these skipping marionettes — they wcro all drivelling maniacs I And hero .... Ono moro screech I let off, one smash at the mon trying to bear me down ; and then I was off witli the wholo lot after me. Terror ? — it was never the word, for tho minuto I reckon I was clean fit for their padded room, chains and all. In nbout a dozon bounds I'd got to tho tool- houso ; in another I was a-top of it — sprung for the spikes and wriggled over in a fronzy. Down to tho blessed road I bumped, their bell ringing liko mad. Which way — which wayl A thousand quid for a deep hole 1 One thrilling pause— thon a beautiful baker's enrt came rattling by, with only a bit of a boy in charge ; and in half a jiffy I'd swung myself up at tho back, snatched hold of tho rains, and sot that horse going like a Derby winner. Fly ! I didn t stop till we'd covered a good ten miles, and then, at a lonely spot, I got down and mado off across country with half a loaf and t'other fellow's hat and coot— tlio last bit of thieving I'll over lay my fingers to'in this world. And pretty reading I reckon that baker- boy s talo mado when ho got back ; by that timo I lay gasping and sweating along tho scat of a third-class carriage, aud tho shiny rails reached afore me right to London town. Back home, I nover stirred ont or touched a paper for a week. And the rest — well, it don't concern anyone. Enough that I can look anyono straight in tho faco across my little oyster-stall to day ; and that if Flash Harry's step ever sounds on my stairs again — well, there's 3uick step bit of music waiting for him to anco to. 