ILLUSTRATED L NDON LETTER. (From Our Own Correspondent.) DREYFUS: ARE WE WITNESSING THE FINAL ACT? LONO)uN, A,':g:st i. The Dreyfus incident lis still the world-wide topic. We have therefo-e pleasure in presenting our retii-si with several pictures bearing on the now famous affaire. The large i !ur * tration depicts the Lycee at Rennes, in which the Court Martial is being' held. Our portrait of Captain Drey fus shows him in his newly-acquired uniform. The whole of the circum stances that have caused thousands, of anxious moments to France dramati cally centres round a solitary scrap of paper and a waste-paper basket. This "little bit of thin paper, torn into pieces,"' 'tersely observes the "Gra phic," "when joined up, meant---or] seemed to mean---that there was a dangerous traitor to France." Sus picion was the gaunt ghost that haun ted the .bosoms of a section of mili tary Frenchmen, and they gave them selves no rest until they ran somebody to earth. Alfred Dreyfus was the chosen scapegoat, and, so slowly has the wl el of Justicegone round, it has takenFiose on five years to afford him and his friends an opportunity of] proving his innocence. Tragic indeed are the details that led to the arrest of Dreyfus. In Sep tember, 1894, one of the spies of the intelligence Department of the French War Office brought his employers a document, torn into pieces, said to have' been stolen from the German Epibassy where, at that timte, Colonel Schwarzkoppen was the Military At tache. The document was carefully put together by the Intelligence offi ,prs and was shoiwn tio the chiefs, General Mercier, Minister of War, General d Boisdeffre, the chief, and gfeneral Gonse, the. assistant chief' of the Headquarters Staff. At the head of the Intelligence Department was *.olonrIl Sandherr, .nd among his as sistant officer~ was Commandant Henry,_ On thd staff were three offi cers: Picquart, Du Paty de Clam, and Drejfus. Put together the documeut ` "Without news indicating that you wish to see me, I am sending yc i nevertheless, sir, some interesting in formation : "r. A note on the hydraulic break of the 12o and on the way in .which this piece behaved. "2. A. note on the covering troop (troupes de couverture). Some modifi cations will be entailed by the new plan. "3. A note on a modification in ar tillery formations. "4. A note relative to Madagascar. "5. The project for a firing manual for field artillery, March 14, 1894. "This document is extremely diffi cult to procure, and I can only have it at my disposal for a very few days, The Minister of 'War has sent a limi _.ted nimber of copies to the several corps, and these corps are responsible for it; each officer is to send his copy aick after the manoeuvres. If, there ire, 'you will take from it what in erests you and hold it afterwards at mp disposal; I will take it, unless you Whould desire that I should have it Opied ind xtenso ahd theh senid you the copy. I am about to go to the manoeuvres. Unhappily Dreyfus comes of a Jew ish stock, and to this fact not a small share of the scandal must be attri buted. We must hark barck nearly 30 :'cars to explain. Profiting by the Wisaster' of the Franco-German war, Algerian Beirbers and Arabs tried to rise against their French masters. I~~e colleague of Gambetta, who, it must be remembered was a Jew, en deavored to strengthen French influ ence in the colony by enfranchising the Algerian Jews, other foreigners and Arabs being left out in the cold. The effect of this arrangement in one of her largest colonies was not felt in France to any extent for some years, nuntil M. Edouard Drumont and later the alliance with Russia. gave it in creased momentum. It was to the zealous anti- Semite Drumont that the news came that a traitor had been found amongst the officers of the General Staff at, the Ministry for War, and that the traitor 'was a Jew. -The correspondent hinted that search should be rmade among "the Drey fuses, the Mayers, and the Levys." On the last day of October, r894, I. Papillaud received a letter giving the name of Captain Dreyfus as being the culprit, and stating that he had been in the Cherche Midi prison since Oc tober .5. Dreyfus was accused of having sold documents.to Germany. It came out that the arrest had been made by Colonel #u Paty de -Clam, acting under the orders of General Mercier. On November x a Cabinet Council was held, at which. General Mercier said that he had advised the Military Governor of Paris to inquire into' the case. On the very next day the French tGovernment dared to perform a deed of which no one with the least love of fair play could feel proud. Colonel Panizzardi, the Italian Mili tary Attache in Paris, had be u freely spoken of as being implicated in the treachery of Dreyfus, Italy as well as Germany being one of the bugbears of the French. On the day named the French Government intercepted a telegram from Pannizardi to his Go vernment, begging that if they had no relations with Dreyfus the Italian Am bassador in Paris might be instructed to publish a denial in order to avoid remarks in the Press. - The telegram was suppressed from Dreyfus and his counsel by order' 6f General Mercier, and - only came to light whe -the n4ovement fac 'tevsion wast well ad vanced.. We haire not space to allude to the numerous despicable stratagems that were resorted to for the sole I [r pose of making out .a case against Dreyfus. - On December 19 lie was tried by Couht Martial. Doors were closed, and no reference to documents was allowed. In the result he was sentenced to degradation and to per petual imprisonment in a foreign clime. Feeling satisfied that an; injustice had been done, the friends of the pri soner left no stone unturned to bring the case before the notice of the Press and the public, not. only of France, but of England and other freedom-, loving countries. The. agitation for revision began in earnest and was con-i tinued with unabated energy until success was achieved. "Dreyfus" was on everyone's tongue, and the at tempts to win justice on the part of Zola, Picquart, and others was exem plary in the extreme. The Court of Cassation at last came to the rescue, and Dreyfus is at the present time being, retried at Rennes. It is too early to sxay what the end will be. Dreyfus may be a free man more quickly than he anicipates, and his accusers may find themselves in a tight place more speedily than they imagined when they organi4ed the direst conspiracy of the century. 