Hope tie Hermit. CHAPTER XXVII. For a minute the Under- Sheriff wantraok dumb ; theo a lock of fury oroned his l»oe ; be'ground bifl teeth with rage. ' Yondale and Barked, come and bind this Tiliain before be does any more miethief,' he sxoiaimod, and they atepped forward, glad enough to pinion one who had giren them so mnoh trouble. 'Tighter,' oried theUnder-Sberiff, pleased to «ee hii eDenoj' wince a; little' a» the oorda out'into fail nriati; r Jaat then there dame a sound like a Biifled aob from the river. 1 Henry, he only time lo protcot ra« 1' oried Audrey, pleadingly, and at tbe piteout, girliih yoioe tbe oon»tablo and hie belpera itarted in amaee and atared at the Bgare in the boat. 'Oh I understand it all bow, madam, yon needn't explain,' said Henry Brownrigg soatfciogly. ? My good men; this lady wai to bare been wedded to me next montb, bot she prefers masqtmrading at midnight in men's attite, Be good enough to help her from tbe boat. Tis a pity that the apeotatorB are not more nnmerons and that our theatre ii indif ferently lighted,' and with' a ooarae jest hs turned towards the shrinking figure of hia fiancee. All tbia time Michael atood by in stlenoe, maddened by the lense ot bis belpleisnesa ; bat that last ribald ipeeoh was too muoh for bis powers of endnranoe. With a dexterous moVem'ent ho suddenly jerked the lantern' off tbe branob of the willow, and thon, before the Under-Bheriff and his men oonld reicno it from tbe groand, he gave it a kiok wbioh sent it spinning tb rough the air to splash into the middle of the river and sink to the bottom. \- Tbe men were just dragging Audrey ashore when the srono found themselves in Hidden ';:? dtrkneis. John Rsdoliffe laughed till tbe ','.; tears ran down hit ohaeki. But the Undar ?.,'? Sheriff, nnderutanding the chivalrous thongbt :-*. of hii rival, only hated him the more, and ;?; with a savage delermination not to bo it: baulked called apon Youdale to get the tinder ,r ? box. '?[ ' There ia tt gorsa-bnsh ? few pseea off ; j) set it slight,' he laid, peremptorily, and the i; men obeyed, while the others brought the y three prisoners forward, nob a little ourioua W to see more plainly how the plotters would ?.' look. {; It was a strange scene ; it appealed even {; to snob, a osio-hardened man of the world ae i . John Rtdoliffe. There they stood, with the ;; , , dark outline of Oauiey Pike and Rowling \- , Bod showing out dearly for baokgronnd, 'i ' while 'every now and then the Rowlands Val '; , ' ley would be bathed in the dazaling radiance I1.! of the Bummer lightning. The flaming gorse jl1/ bush oast ? strong light npon Miohael and t'p Audrey ; but whereas io tbe boat she had jj.j been merely a terrified girl, sbe bad now |i; suddenly developed into a woman, and stood I; 'j' there with a patient dignity which partly bid |[i the bitter pain she was suffering, John.Rad ;ii. oliffe saw (hat Miohael nis less euooosafal in ? '? ooneealing the indignation that raged within }:'j him, and atiango tboaghts pttised through j| ?? bis mind ai he watched that ourioualy -;'.. familiar face with its Welsh oatliner, its re ?; ' prorchful bazel oyes. As for the North [{ ' countrymen, they looked anoomfortable and I ill at esie, while the Under-Sherlft, bis tall, t( ??; portly figure and handsome features showing jj-' to great advantage in the lurid light, might !;. have stood for an impersonation of Milton's :' ;' Archfiend, so full of pride and malice1 did be I: appear. ', ' Did you koow thtt there was a .warrant :'?; out against John Rodoliffa?' he demanded j or Miohael. . ,: . ? ? i'r: ' Yes, I learnt it yesterday.' U ?How?' ? !: . ' It was mentioned in a letter I h&d; from f i London.' j? ''Did tbe letter ssytliat Mr; Radoliffaw»s fil' in tbii part of the country ? ' 1 No ; Ileirht it later on.' iiV 'Who from ? ' !.' .: N- I was ont motbing that night, as Mounaey |! and Jlurkett will have told you ; . later on I [??? same aoroas the Borrowdale bogle, and 'dis— [.: covered that it was Miitreis Radoliffe osrry S; ing' food to her unole.1 ;. Henry Brownrigg turoed upon Audrey at i: that, speaking in the dear ontting tone ' which in itself seems an insult. ,. ,'? ' I begin to naderstand, madam,' he said.' .; ' You bad deceived me for aoveral days pail, ! and not oontent with that you elected to [j. spend last night in the company of the Bor 1/ rowdaU bastard, though knowing quite well |. that be is my batod rival, a man I ? ' He 'i broke off, for John Radolifii had stepped for ' ward. ;; 'Sir,-' tbe Jaoobite said in a ooolj mockine j- t voioe, ' it really distresses me to ase you [' ' lobonring so uoneoeasarily under a mistake. 'V Also i SI bjust insist on your' withdrawing the v -epithet you used. Miohael is my son by my t first marriage, and you will hardly say that ?'' he was doiog an outrageoni thing in protect |i iugbis oousin, Miatreij Rsdoliffe, in her walk |y to my biding-plaoe.' ;-; If a thunderbolt bad fallen at their feet ';? tbe little group oonld hardly have been more ;'. atartled ; as for Miohael, be stood like a man ? in a dream. Could ii really be that -at last ?: be had found the truth he had so long ,:j t sought ? And was this Jaoobile, to whom {'' from the very first he bad felt drawn, tbe I father be bad learnt to dotest for tbe wrong '? done him as .an infant, and for tbe way ['- in whiob bia mother bad been treated ? Then j!; he remembered how tbe tardy acknowledge '- ment bad been mads to save Audrey's repu '.:; ration, and bia thought do more of past !?' ' , wrongs, but only of present gratiinde. '; Ht orpased over towards Henry Brown : - rigg, who stood petrified' with astonishment, j bis faoe dark with conflioting emotions. ' Mr. ?. firownrigg,' said he, ' I am ready, of course, to take the responsibility of having helped my father to eioapo. But now that you under . stand all, let your betrothed row bsok to ' Lord's Island. ' 1 Ha f betrothed, did ynu flay ?' said tbe « Under-Sberiff, with a mucking laugh. ' Nay, \ 1 sail yon all to witness that I return my i troth to this audacious miBqnerader. -.The j. doublet and bose aro doubtless very beoom ! ing, but for my fuiuro wifo I prefer the | pettiooat. If Mifllrosi RadoliSe apoa the -: ways of men ahe must be treated as ? man. You, sir, will, I understand be heir to the :' estate of Goldrill in Patterdale when your ?' ' . ' Jaoobite father is hung, but as things stand you soem likely to spend your days in gaol, so theinherilanoD will not avail yon much. I am1- under an obligation to you, however, for that' estate Would Havo been my sole induce ment to overlook the midnight ramblinga of orit dainty cavalier yonder and still to wed her.' I You vile ooward I' oried Miohiel, bit eye- blazing with anger. ' How dare you InsuU my oonain 1 Tbe moment I am free I will call you to aooount for it.' HeDrr bowed ironically, I 1 aooept your obalienge with the greateit pleasure,' be said. ' Norr, men, maroh ihesi Jaoobite plottsrs baok to Keswiok. and sinon there is no more oord wa mnst e'en let' tb« Borrowdale bogle go unbound.. Burkett, you have been ghost stalking since Baturday ; I oommeod ber to your keeping. Have' a oarr, man,'- that sbe doesn't slip through yoor fingers.' Miobae! glanced for one moment into tbo face of the woman he loved. ; Since that; appeal to Henry from tbe boat she had not uttered a word ; bar old playfellow's pain prompted that stifled ory, but her own suffering seemed to have bait paralysed ber. Sbe bore tbe lonk'of stony despair wlioh one' sees at times in tbe fade of tbe bereaved.! For in' truth ihosa Words which Henry Brownrigg bad spokeo, tLat exhibition of .meroilesi, brutal oruelty, bad soattered into a thousand fragments the image ef her lover wbiob she bad ao long oberished. Tnemao she bad admired, yes; and loved with hor whole heart, was absolutely dead ; she saw him now as he really was, and the blank' desolation of ber heart was indesoribable. She longsd lo lie down and die ; but there was the miserable neoesiity of tramping the weary way to Eeswiok. By the time they bad crossed tbe dewy fields, however, and had reaobed tbe lane leading from Crosthwaito ohnroh to the little market town, ber steps bad begun to falter, it seemtd as ifahoobniil' go no 'urtber. Miobael, who walked just behind her, lagged a little and Bpoke benvath his breath to the constable. To be continued. 