PERSONAL A telegram, addressed to "The Emperor of the A.N.A.," was reeived at the city branch banquet last, night (says yesterday's "Ballarat Courier."} It went straight into the hands of the man for whom it was intended—Mr. J. L. Purves. Sir Rupert Clarke informed the Minister of Defence that in the eveht of troops being sent from Victoria to the Transvaal he would place his Services at the disposal of the military authorities.- Mr. Andrew King, writing to the Melbourne "Argus," which states that a. lady who recently died was possibly the oldest native of New South Wales, having been born in Sydney in 1807, says:—"For the benefit of those interested in Australian longevity, allow me to state that a lady (a relative of mine) is now living at Ash field, and was born near Parramatta January, 1803." Of Madame Melba as Lucia di Lammermoor, the London "Daily News" says: — "Although by no means the last of the great florid singers — for Madame Patti, Madame Sembrich, Madame Nevada, Madame Marie Marimon, and others are still living and more or less before the public— the Australian prima donna is the youngst, and may perhaps eventually prove to e the final survivor of the vocalists of this articular genre. Now-a-days, except for Handelian and other oratories, florid vocalism is hardly needed; and, despite the beautifully finished and birdlike manner with which Madame Melba on Saturday night executed - the trills and roulades in whfch the demented Lucia seeks to convey news Of the tragic death of her husband to a party of quite unsympathetic Scotch noblemen, and ladies who form a semi-circle round her, "the to-called 'mad' music in 'Lucia' seemed vastly absurd. The performance was remarkable chiefly as a demonstration of pure and almost perfect florid singing. The Cadenza with the flute was even repeated; for, although the demented Lucia may have been mad, she was not >-o mad as to refuse an encore on one of the most aristocratic nights of the season." Last Monday's "Warsaw Courier" (sayE a Paris telegram of June 8 in the London "Daily Mail") announces that Paderewski was married on May 31, with the utmost secrecy, to Mis* Helen Rosen, at the Chuch of the Iloly Ghost in Warsaw. The newly maft- ied couple are now in Paderewski's villa near Lausanne, where they intend to spend the honeymoon. Miss Ada Kerrar, the well-known actress, left for London on Thursday in the RjVLS. Oruba. Mr. and Mr?. J. B. Watson were passengers by the same steamer. Mr. Wat son came to Australia to preduce "The Gay Parisienne" and "The French Maid for Messrs. Williamson &. Musgrove. It is not improbable that he will return to Aus- tralia with sonic new pieces for the same rni al an early date. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Tennyson gave their second ball at Government House last night. There Were over 500 guesli. including the officer? from the warships Royal Arthur and Karrakatta. The "Miller," a journal published in the interests of the British milling industry, in itc isr'ue of June- 5 gives an excellent reproduction of a photograph of Mr. E. Davoy. of the firm of Messrs. E. Davey and Sons, of Adelaide. It is accompanied by iiii appreciative notice, ill t-he course of which it was stated that Mr. Davev was cxpectcd to be present at the annual conference ot" millers to be held at llfracombe. 