THE BOER IN WARPARE. I \- . Battle of Majuba Hill- I The Boer revolt broke out in tho month of December, 1SS0, during the warm summer of the southern hemi sphere, aud it came to an end with ,, _ . _ j, _i. _!...! 1 _ti the peace that was concluded after the dii-aslrous b?.ttle ot Majuba Moun tain on 20th i'ebru.ir}-, ISSI. Tliu i.nlo o£ laisFos'Umc begins witli tho r.ftr.ir oi j3i'onkerspruit in December. The O-ith Kogiment, forming n. part ot tho British garrison of tho Trans vaal, had been ordered to conceit tralo at 'Pretoria, and was on tho march thither. No actual lighting hud us yefc taken place ; but the l>oer.-; hud hold a . mass . meeting, proclaimed a republic, and announced that they -were going to begin. At- Brouker spruit they laid a caiviully prepared auibush along the run..: by which the 91th wero advancing, and a waited their victims. Tho Olth were strung out for halr-a-mile along tho road ; the weather was hot, r.nd in any of tho soldiers had put their rifles iv tho Wilsons ; in short, the march was conducted as if in a time of profound peace. >"obudy soomcil to hr.vo j noticed iii; , ambushed riflemen, or i..> j have- observed the htllo heaps nl' ; stonea with which these skilled hunters ' of wilil game, old hands at shooting over tiie hare veldt had thoughtfully marked out beforehand at 100, 100 aud 201) yards, their exact distance from their intended targets. The Boer rifle.-! cracked, and in 20 minute? all the oilieers i?nd half the British troops wero shot down, and the rest v.ero made prisoners-; the loss on trie side of the farmers was almost nil. As a Western American crudely ob served, ii ? ;i s a eiisu Or & ?ot Si urst class frontiersmen taking in a crowd of tenderfeet out of the wet. It was a ternbU' severe lesson that in the face of a possitile enemy a soldier must never be off his guard. After the Bronkerspruit disaster the whole country was up. All the British garrisons in the Transvaal were beleaguered by the Boers, and one garrison,- Potchefstroon, was . known both by them and Sir George Pomeroy Coiley, the general in command in Natal, to be short of provisions. Volley gallantly deter mined to cut his way in. if possible, and relieve it- He knew well enough that ere long an army from overseas must be sent to retrieve the honour of the British .arms';, but be was also aware that it must inevitably arrive too late to save Potchefetroon. The Boers had occupied TLtfiiiig's Xek, the pass leading into the Transvaal from jSatal; and. with a email British forco he iiad at bis comtnand.'he hoped to be able to dislodge them and clear the road. Geqeral Colley was considered to bo one of the very best officers in the British army, bnt unfortnnately there bs one thins o£ which all his previous experience had tanght him nothing, iind that was bow to fight against good shots armed with modern breechloaiers. On 29th January, ISSI, Colley moved upon Laings Nek wi:h about 1100 .lien and G guns. The force of 13osr.s oppose! to him unmbered 1437, under Generis Joubert and Smidt. the Boers nad :;o suns, and dreaded artiHerv iire more than anything olse ; acc-nrdingiv, they dug out dummy trenches" in .<-.. ft" g:'ou:id on :i con spicuous part of the Xek, and the:; judiciously disposed themselves in eafetv elsev.iiore. Co!ley*3 guns opened iire at a taiie and a half, a::d appear to have principally occupied themselves in shelling the empty trenches, a* n<> one was hurt or even frightened by the cannonade. Posting the naval brigade, with the rocket apparatus and some of the 60th RiftVs, in an enclosed ground. where they were under cover, and keeping about half his force in reserve, | Coliey "despatched five companies of the sSth Regiment, numbering 4SO baronets, together with about _ICO mounted men, to assault the leiio: the Boer lines. la bread daykghl, the foot advanced in column of com panies across the opsa ground and up the hill, against nearly ihr;ce their j own number of the best shots :ii the j world, who were under cover ana j armed with good modern riiles. The j charge of the Dervish ho*s at Omdur- j man was not so savant or so :utile. j In a few minutes the handfui. <it ] mounte-l men were scattered, and one- | third of the. sSih lay dead or woundea I on that bJoodv slope. The surv: .o> ; drew off, re-formed their shatters, j lines behind the UOlh KiSes, ami retired ::i good ordt-r. Tire Boer loss ; 'is said to' have beciii two. It was magnificent, but it -.v.-.s not war. After Lsimrs Xc!; the exultant. Boers t!ir.-.iU"i"? CoHoy's coinuiur.i cations, and or, Stk l"fbriiary he s3i!e<? out from his cnujp at Jlount Prospect to cleaf the road in his rear. Th:r. Tims he took with nit.i five coapsaiw ? of tiio OOnii lli:ie>;—a:ui four guns, together wi::i OS :i:o!intod men. f<;w miles !r:>m camp he left a h:ur compa.iy ami two suus to gtiara t.ie drifts of the flooded In go go Jliver, and a :ni!e or two further 011 he en countered a strong party of _15oers. AVith a confidence their easy vic'-orv at Luing's Iseti, the Boers did iiot wait to be attached, but, without hesitation, assumes th? offensive. ColJey took up a pcs;tio:i on a flattopped hill, and stood on hi? defence, having now "about 300 men and two gaiw with him. The Boer " patroi numbered 167. Ilia Boers took cover all round the biH, ana a prolorved rifle duel ensued uetv.een the iwC force."- Avoiding ths Britisa tactics at Lamp:. Xek, the Boer re frained from ai-.y attempt to tate the bill by direct assault in a body ; ba "-a's fudependexat sharpshooters they kept up an incessant riflo fife until near nightfall. In accuracy of shooting, and in the ekill with which thoy sheltered themselves, they proved to bo superior to tho defenders oE the hill, thoy drew off at lasr.t with a loss of 12 killed and 1-i wounded, but the defenders had actually loft air. times r.s uir.ny. Tho i-harpshoolir.g skir mishers had put no k-ts than half the forco they were attacking hort; dp combat. After tho withdrawal of the Boors, Collcy, whoso hort-.es were nearly all killf-d, with great difficulty succeeded in saving tho guns-., dolt-.-d a!! over as Ihoy wore with the iof the Boer bullets; r.nd, by a d£?;-. -: perato night march, he regained Lti:; I camp under cover oi darliin.-:--.-; ??..?itli the remnant of . his force-.-:, .linglaiid had to learn by bitter experieuso that valor without good shooting is but a wasto of tho of her bravest sons. Tho spirit r.nd the staunchness of the British troop;; wero aduiirr.ble; and Collev's own letters warmly acknow ledgo'd the fact. But ;\s shots they wore outclassed. Iteinforcemenla now began to arrive. Colloy's forco at tbo front, which had suffered so heavily in these two engagements, was strengthened by the arrival of theS)2nd Ilighlr.udors, fresh from their victories in Afghan istan ; and with thorn he resumed th.o oftonsivo. This time he decided to avoid making a direct attempt on Lr.ing's Xek. Coiley had promised t':ic survivors ot the sSth to give tliyu; another chance of trying conclusions with their opponents; r.nd to seizj Majuba ho took with him a. force com posed ot three companies of tho 02nd, two of tho sSth, and two of tho GOlh, supplemented us before by a uavni contingent. By a skilful and daring march, on the night of 25th ITobrusiry. he occupied, without opposition, this post o; advantage (-Mr.jubr. Moiintni:-), wliich aopeari'd ta ;>i:n r.'.iprcgp.r.bic-. " Wβ ooiiid ;;:r.T hero fo.' ever," h-:, -. . * r~ 1 ,i —-- ?*crxisriisit to iiai} ???_? light rovtalcd the nature oi" theground on which they stood ; and he'sat down in fancied security to hold it till further reinforcements should arrive, intending then to make with their aid a combined movement ag;>.::ist the Xek. Hu'., unfortunateiy ;or Coiley, the position )ie 'sad reir.ee! was not sd strong as he ba.i imagine j. In his fanciful security, Coik-y omitted to fortiiy his position, the very error which two years before had led to the disaster of Isnndula. lie allowed his staff to distribute most of his men around the rim of tho saucer shaped basin, wiiero they contented themselves with piling up little heaps ot stones to lie down behind. "' O;:, it's all right, sir ; its good sno-gh for what we shsll want here," sa;u a Highlander confidently, to an observer ; who suggested that a protection was j hardly sufficient ; and against a ? distant enemy perhaps tha man was j right. The idea* of the Boors attempt- \ to take such a storm appeared preposterous. Alas ! it was not so preposterous as it seemed. As soon as daylight revealed to the . Boer force holding liaiug's Isek that their flank was threatened, they began indeed to prepare to eend their waggons to the rear ; but they determined also before retreating to try the egect of a direct assault upon Majuba. According to tho account given by General Sir William Butler, some of the High landers showed themselves boldly on j the sky-lino in the morning light, j shaking their &-t3 defiantly afc _tie J hostile camp, which lay 2COO reet j below, and of which they could now j see every detail. "Come up hero, | you beggars," they cried; and 22:3 j J3oers accepted the invitation. Part j of tho Boer assailants took cover at j once with :heir usual skill, and opened i a long-range iir-3 on the or Majuba. The lire J:d but little : execution, though a siagle sipt s.t 9CJ yards mortally vrouuuvju. l~£ bravo ivomii'y, coniaiu'ier oE the invai contingent. Though tha Boers kept it up incessantly all that 'oug summer' 3 morning, anyone except ooji- lto:ailly was touched. Nevertheless, the- Bosra v.-era not throwiag away thgir powder nothing. They succeeded in their object of compelling ths defenders of the hill to keep closely under shelter, and Drerented them from observing what* had happened on the slopes below tb-3 encircling girdle or ciiii. Protected thus by the firs or their companions, small partiee of Bosts were creeping as deer stalkers over wide spaces of the mountain side, where the cliff wall above screened them both from the sight and from the fire of the defenders. At one part of the circumference of ilajuba there is a liitle outlying kopjo, or peak, which is really the key of the position. With unerring instinct one of the Boer leaders made for this point. According to Sir "WilHam Butler, he had about 60 men with him; and when he arrived quite near it, with his party still undiscovered, Lβ detected a picket of several soldiers, I who were 'standing in exposed i position, unconscious of. the sear i neighborhood of their foe?. _The i Bo?r leader ordered s. number of his J men to hold their riiies at the " pre i sent," step back out of cover, and firs a ! rapid volley. The manejuvre was i skilfully executed; the whole picket I was clean swept away, and m a few J minutes more the Boers had got the ! he~ of tha position its their bunas. I By this success they had turned the I left of the British troops, who were i holdiu" the northern face of the rim, ! and -took -them in the Hank. The I troops thus suddenly surprised, feii j back from the rim, and immediately i othe" parties of the Boers ruahod up ! by another gap, and seized_ the : abandoned positions- Practically : Maiuba was takeu by surprise. liH < the enemy were actually on the top ' , he, general aud his staff never dreamed i. that they-could-lose the hill. But, once established on the summit, the rapid and accurate fire of the Boers swept away the defenders. Colley endeavoring to rally hi* broken lines despairingly fronted tho hailstorm of 5 bullets that mowed down his mot;, r.uu foil with his xr.ee to the foo. Nearly half tho British forco wore killed, wounded or made piisonerc. Tho Boer losses :;rc given by Sir YiTilliam Butler at sis, of whom 01:0 v.t.d hilled. Here indeed way r. let-sun lo ovory commander to secure Ins weak point. Jjil:o ovory other point of: vr.ntr.gc, Majubr. Hill had its vulnerable spot, and. that spot v.t.h neither sufficiently fortified 1101 , guarded. '. Thero iv ono other n: rrlt or that j should bo mentioned. Tho a.bsr.rdl~ r.inall !o;>y inilicl'jil 0:1 the mon \rho | stormed JVlajubr. would bo incredible but for one reason. It has bsen already observed that the firo which covered tho stealthy advance of tho atorijiora waa at long range. .But, a?, it was p. iong-raugo duel, they were of course compelled to raise their sights, with the result that-when they were suddenly rushed by tho Boor storming parties they all had tho sights o£ their Martinis set to 500 and GOO yards I elevation ; but tho storaiera were at point blank distance. Coneoquently, tho volleys fired at close quartors by the defenders of the hill went harm lessly over the heads of their assailants. "With 3lajuba hostilities came to a standstill. That well equipped army, i:idcsd, for which Collov had honed j arrived m South Africa after hio Tali ; j but it was not allowed to rotricvo the tarnished glory of tho British arms. ITor good or for evil, a. peaca. was made, which doubtless seemed to be honourable and satisfactory to those who were responsible for it, believing as they did that to continue tho war would involve us in tho sin of blood i guiltiness. However, the remote j cor.;-.eq'.ier.eo oz our actions r.ro far j often other than we czpect; r?:n! ihc i or.ii" and b)ooiy "oattlos we liare j fought eince then in Sgypt and the ; Soudan, down to tho recent conquest at. Khartoum, may be traced to the lojs of prestige that unquestionably followed tho disasters in South Africa. I The belief that the power of England i might be defied witii impunity cm -1 l*oJd;>iio'.i Arabs x'asiia to iiead a miii r.'.rv revolt our protege, the ! Khedive, at Cairo, lie v.-v-.s woofully ! undeceived by the crushing British j victory at Tel-el-Kebir ia ISS2, tho j very noxt year after -Vlajuba. The j lessons taught in South Africa had 1 been laid to heart. And now it was ; the Arabist riiles that were picked up j in hundreds arter the victory, sighted j fur a:i idle Jong rant's firo by tho el ' yrc'sfl orders of their leader; ivhiicit I v.t.s a B-ii:?h regiment that attached in rnshgs, liri:tiz:qj every 50 yards to ? fire volleys .".t a stated range Sized by : their musketry instructor. Ono dnro. i iv.it say t:a: :ho mistakes raado in ] South Africa will nerer be repeated.'i To err is human ; and ~o have high j authority for saying that ho is the | best general who makes fewest blun ders. But it becomes possible to look forward hopefully to the future if our leaders show that they do not despise the lessons of ex perience. The late campaign in the j Soudan would seem to indicate that j these have at least been laid to heart j aud the result has been -n gratifying i contmat to the failures of ISSI. i failures they were, and the fact mast j be acknowledged ; yet in speaking of i them ?.Vβ v.-nuld guard ourselves from i using any language that may seoiu to j reflect upon the deroted.aen who on : lic-ni after field hare laid down thair j lives in the service of their country, j As the thought of the lonely graves j that mark their last resting place rises ? before the mind, one seems to bshold ? the pri'lid lino of ghosts, the victims of . iho war god : S!o-vl;.- C 02333 a s'r.ridor.-y train, Souls o: v.-arr-.-.rs br.ive in vain. It. r.-aa not all in vain that they fought ar.d fsli,:f thcsD who cone atter then strive:), under happiar auspices, to $urpas3 Jheca la sk:il and not fa'! short '. of their: in rzlonr. 