Novelist. Tie Secret Chamber ; op., THE GIPSY'S VENGEANCE. CHAPTER XXVII.— (Continued.) By Eliza A. Dupuy, iuthor of " The Outlaw" s Bride,"' " The White Terror," &c.;, &e.; . Ethols fears began to communicate themselves to tlioso around her, wlion tho bui-tlo of an arrival was heard. In a few mem outs, Gerald, glowing with health and happiness, ontorod tho room in which the family was authored, accom- panied by Ins iriend, Edmund Bertie, who soon found his way to tho sido of Alice, and tho blushing reception she gave him showed that, the prepossession on her side was at least as strong as on his. Gerald clasped his betrothed to his manly iiearc, nnd whispered : " Nover more to part, my dearest Ethel. A few more hours, and yna will ho mine by the most sacred of all ties." ShorniBed her eyes to his, in which love and trust were mirrored, and replied in the same tono : " Yes, forever yours — yours in heart and soul. Oh ! Gerald, nothing can part 'is now." Suddenly Ethel remembered tho strange colloquy she had held through the win- dow, and she drew Gorald aside, and tsked : ' Did you meet a messenger who cune hither in a mysterious manner to see you ? I accidentally saw him through . til© window, and spoke with kini." " That was a singular proceeding on each a night as this. I have not seen any one on tho road. Did he say he would reuk me ?" ' Yes. He said his mossago was of suoh importiinco that he must go on the road toinoetyou." "Tho inclemency of the night must, then, have driven him to seek shelter before wo came along. His news could not have been of much importance, nr he would not have failed to deliver it." "Perhaps not; but he seemed very much in earnest." Gerald mused a moment and then said : " It must havo concerned himsolf, then, for I am expecting no nows that can mar the perfect happiness of this joy ful reunion. Dear Etliol, I havo labored for you, and Hoaven has blessod my ex ertions. I hold in my grasp the fruition of long years of toil, and all I havo now to do is to enjoy the supreme happiness I havo won with a thankful heart to the Giver of all good. Tho settlements are completed, and to-morrow wo .will be married. Thus the blessed Christmas season will be twice hallowed to me." Ethel would have petitioned for a de lay of a fow days, but Gerald reminded her that he had already submitted to many ; that her trousseau was prepared, ami everything in readiness, and where fore defer their union for a single day ? Sim finally yielded, and ho announced to tho groups around the lire that tho Christinas bolls would nlso ring tho peal for their mart'iago. They received the honily congratulations of their friends, and Gorald wont out among the tenants, and after informing' them of tho ap proaching eoreinony, roquostcd Iheir pro- eenoo at the parish church on the follow ing muming. Soon after tlioy uisporsod to thoir 1 mnes, and Gerald returned to tho room in which tho family was collected, where ho found n eor.y supper sorveil, with the ccompamroents of egg nog and inullod win. -'h- ho la that contained them wore wreathed with miitlftoo, and when tho merry meal was oiulo.l. Alios took the real h from one of them, and, phc- Ing it on Ethel's head, .chanted some rid tliymoa which lud struck hor lanoy ' 0 i Christmas Era tho balls woro rung ; On Ohristmts Ceo (lis mass was sung | That only night in ell tho yssr law the etolcd riie't tho Jhslioe rear ; The (Urasel donned hor turtle sheen ; The hall wan drcitod with holly green ; Forth to sue woods did merry men go, To gather in tbc mistletoe ; Thee op-uud wide the baron's hall To vaesc.1, tenant, serf, and all." ' "Wo havo carried out the programme pretty well. Sihol, considering that wo liv in such d -generate times; and now that wo may aot out our own nonsense, "itl no strangers to criticiseus, 1 wish to Indulge a fantasy of my own." " What is it ?" asked Gerald, lauahins. " You may bo sure of an appreciative, audience." , : ' \ '.'-..''J Alice went on with.smiling gravity ; ' ' l'he name by . which this plant is known in Germany is der mistel, and I ho people of Holstoin call it tlio . branch of the spectres. They believe that if Aper- son. has nerve enough to hold a bunch of mistletoe firmly in the hand, and invoko the spirit of the dead, he will soo„tho one. of whom he thinks arise before him. ' If he wills to do so, ho can speak with the spectre." " But, my dear Alice," said her father, "this seems to mo. a silly tampering with" things too solemn to be lightly regarded. Besides, it is most. unsuitable to the fes tival we have just celebrated. Do not attempt such a thing to night, or indeed on any other night, lest you might got frightened at your fancies." . , , " Dear father, I hiive set my heart on trying it now, so do not oppose me. One would think that yon .really beliovo in ghoBts. I do not, so you may safely lets mo' verify the German suporsti- ' tion." Alice seldom failed to carry out what ever site undertook, nnd, after some hard persuasion, her father consented that the trial . might be made. She said : " I have prepared an invocation which will undoubtedly I ring tho airy phan toms around us, if there is any truth in the belief." The placed herself in the centre of the floor, grasped a branch of the mistle toe, and, assuming a tragic, air, com menced : " Spirits of the vasty deep, On the wings of night now sweep; Gome with storm, oomc through air, And answer to my earnest prayer ; If the dead may rise to light, Come and speak with me to- night." There was a mystic silence, only inter rupted by the sound of the rising wind sweeping against tho walls of the house. After a puuso of several moments, Alice threw aside her tragic air, and said, in a disappointed tone : " 1 am not spiritual enough to havo the weird vision revealed to mo ; but you, Ethel, can perhaps try it with better success. Come, priestoss, you aro al ready crownod with the Druidical wreath, and you shall tako my place." With playful force she drew her friend forward, and, unwilling to rofusc her re quest, Ethel permitted tho branch of mistletoe to he thrust in her hand, and in her turn she repeated the invoca tion. Hor faco was turned toward tho door, which opened in tho hall, and while she repeated tho invocation hor eyas became fastened to it. us she saw it begin slowly to unclose. A figure appeared in tho open spaco that curdled the life-blood around her heart, and froze her lips into silence. A tall man, wearing a light-colored overcoat, made while by the snow that had fallen on it ; his iong, fair hair bonded with tho same ileecy flukes, fell in dis order upon his shoulders, beneath which was seen a face as pallid as that of any ghost. He spoke in a tone of hollow mockery : "You have oalled me, and lo! I come." A cry eiscaped Mrs. Digby, and she ex claimed : "ItisVernor! - You have, summonod him from tho realms of tho dead. Drop that brunch, that ho may forever vanish." " That is easier said than donu," said Vornor, in his natural voice, as ho strode forward and confronted the group. " I am no .'goblin-damned,' but a flesh and blood " entity, "which, I can well believe you would all be glad to. drive baok into the realms of everlasting no thingness. But I am hore, and lmvo come to claim my own from him who has un lawfully seized upon it." For a moment Gerald stood frozen in to silence by this terriblo interruption to their mirth. But he was aroused from his immobility by a faint cry from Ethel, and she fell insensible in his out stretched arms. As they folded around her, the wretched conviction came to liim that another person possessed tho right to stand betweeu himsolf and her ho had dcemod so entirely his own. Ho stifled the deep groan "of agony that arose in his tortured soul, and endi-avored to rostoro animation to Ethel by spriuk- ling wa'er from the table over her inani mate features. Vernor made a step toward him, and hoarsely said : " Unhand that lady, sir ! Let my aunt minister to her, for I do not choose my wife to lio thus in the arms of another man. I am too frozen to touch her my self or I would tear her from your defiling grasp." Ho had drawn near the fire, tho othors shrinking away from hini as if they still regarded him a3 a supernatural presence, and was attempting to thaw his chilled hands over the blazing fire. Gernlcl cast upon him a glauco of defiance, and sternly said : "This lady. need not become an object of contention between us. Hor own de cision shall govern both of us as to which one she will prefer as hor futuro hus band." "I comprehend that ruse," replied Vernor, with a contoniptuous ourl of his haughty lip. " You think yourself se- curo of getting it iu your favor, but tho law gives her to me, and 1 defy you or anyone else to invalidate my claim." You resigned hor long ago to mo. I thought you dead, or I should have placed her fate beyoud your con trol." " But you soo that I am not dead, and you havo failed to accomplish that neccB- uary duty. Since you neglected it, I shall avail myself of every right I atill possess over that girl, who offers a'protty wel come to her long-absent husband, by fainting when ho . appears in her pre sence." " Do not dare to call yourself hor hus band, for in tho sight of God you are not — you never have been that! You sacrificed hor onco to your desire for tho wealth she inherited, and you havo now returned to force her odious bonds upon her because she again 1ms fortune to be stow upon you." Mrs. Digby, with trombling hands, hod been bathing the brow of Ethel, who now unolased her eyes, looked around, and seeing Vernor buried hor face in Gerald's bosom, while she murmured : i " Itia truo, then' I lb was no phnntomi .Take, me away — hold mo fast— Gerald, for I will oling to you even in death it- i self 1" Vornor strode toward lier, and mook- . iucly said : "So-o— my lady bride will nob even I look upon hor' long-obsbnt", one. I cau l woll imagine tho vigils "you have held— j tears you have wept over my supposed I fate— my pretty Ethel, and, if 'tlioy havo dimmed your' beauty , I can forgive it., Lot mo look upon your face, that I may j vigo if it is muoh changed sinoe wo last mot." , \- Ethel raised horhand as if to deprecate a nearer approach;- and turning her color less face toward fiirn, shoaaid; "Leave ino (forever, I implore you ! Take my fortune, take everything I claim, but leave tne free to walk my path of life without your companionship. You never loved nio ; you gave me up ydursolf, and . I' cull : oh you to redeem your nlighted word." " On my soul, if it ware /possible to. claim your wealth without the encum brance, I would toko you at your word," he fiorooly rejoined. " But so important a personage an Lady Clifton cannot so easily renounce her hereditary estates in favor of another. Only as your husband can I hold thorn, and ab bucIi I intend to onjoy thorn. Loose your hold on that man ; cease to cling to him, or my passion may. pass the bounds of freedom." Ethel relaxed her grip on Gerald's arm, stood upright before him, and a faint shade of color swept, over her pale faco as she spoke with dignity : "I obey you, since tho right to command me is still unfortunately yours ; but hour me in my turn. No earthly power shall ever compel me to live will) yon as your wife. You may, for a season, stand between me and the man I. love, but I shall find means to break tho wioked bonds in which you bound me while I was yet too young to comprehend how odious th'oy might bncome. . You never loved me ; .my. fortune was all. you sought in gaining my hand, and the wealth I now posBcs shall yet purchase freedom for mo from your cruel power." " It 'might, perhaps, if / permitted you to use it for that purpose ; /but I shall take good caro not to do so. Tho laws of England give a man absoiute.ooutrolover his wifo, and I advise you to submit to the fate that is inevitable. . Almost by a miraclo I escaped shipwreck in which you thought I had perished. The letters I wrote you were never received, it seems ; or they may have been suppressed. Ho who sought to supersede me in my family inheritance, and also in your affections, can doubtless give an account of them." He fixed his eyes insolently on Gerald, who proudly replied : 'My whole course in life refutes sueli an absurd ohargo ; neither do 1 believe that sueli letters have ever lioen written. Where havo you been during all these years !" Vernor dared not name tho place of his late residence, nnd he said : "I was picked up by a ship bound to Virginia. When the news of tho revolu tion in the country reaohed there, I immediately embarked for my native home. On landing at Lyuo, I learned that you had usurped my titlo and for tune, and that iny bride was also nbout to bestow her hand upon you. I hurried hither to put a stop to sueli proceedings and now, Sir Gorald Methurn, I demand the restitution o£ my wifo and estate." " Ou the last you have no legal claim, for the property of my uncle ha3 bouome mine by purcliass. The title has also been bestowed on ino for sur vices rendered to the present king ; but I waive my right to bear it if you choose to assume a barren distinction unsupported by tlio wealth that can only render it respectable. As to Ethel, she lias declared her resolution nut to bo claimed by you. ' I will main tain her right to do so at any cost." The rest of tho group had listened in appalled silence to this passionate eolloquy; but Mr. Digby here interposed ; " It is useless to. rccriminat o thus. Mrs. Digby; 'remove Etliol to her chain tier for alio seems scarcely able to sustain her self. Go with thorn, Alice, nnd send a servant to oonduct Mr. Bertie to his chnmber. Ge-uld' and myself will talk with Vornor, and ondeavonr to bring him to n more' reasonable frame of mind." Vornor stepped forward and attempted to lake Ethel's hand ia liis; but she shrank away, saying : "No — no — never shall my hand bo clasped in yours again. You resigned it to him to whom it is now plighted, and my heart ratifies the contract." A dark frown gathered oil his brow'and he said, through his closed tectli : . " We shall see who shall bo the winner. I play for a great stake, and the opposi tion of afooble woman shall not mar my gamo. I give you this night to reflect upon' your position and make up your mind to your inevitable fate. Ethel Methurn, I claim your allegiance as my lawful wife, and, mark me, it thall he rendered." Ethel seemed on the verge of fainting again, and Mrs. Digby hastily drew her usido. The three ladies left tho room together, Alice almost sustaining tho sinking form of her friond, whose strengtli was exhausted by tlio violent emotions of the last few moments. . When in her own chambor she wept upon tho bosom of her adopted mother, and wildly asked ii it would be possible for Vornor to force her to. live with him as his wife. " Calm your agitation, my love," Baid Mrs. Digby, soothingly. "Vernor assumes a high tone, . but he must feel the woakness of his cause. He cmnot compel you. to return to him. It will take time to obtain a divorco, but no English jury will refuso a voriliot in your fuvor, when the faotB of 'the case are fairly set before thorn." "But Vornor may attempt to avenge on Gerald the preference I feel for him. Oh 1 aunty, . he looks so savage, so revengeful, that my heart dies within nie when I think of him." "My sou can protect himsolf, Ethel ; have no fours - for him. Bad us I am afraid Vernor. is, he .will attempt -no violence toward his cousin. He has too tender a caro for his own safety, you may bosuro." Thus reasoned, Etliol became more composed, but "for her aoliing heart there was no repose during the long hours of thutwietchud night. Tlio light of that day, which was to havo witnessed her espousals to tho man site adored, fell upon her won and wretched, fenrful of the evil influence which had darkened her lifo and half-broken her heart. She was too ill and uiisorable to descend to brenkfnBt,nndA1icb camp in to share the repast which was served in her- own apartment. She endeavored to oheer tho sinking spirits of Iter .friend, but she had as yet no favorablo nows to com municate. CHATTER XXVIII. vernor dismayed. . . Vainly did Mr. 'Digby' endeavor to mediate between the two cousins. YTernor portinaoiously adhered to his domandu, land doolared tlint the full and Ample .restitution of his fortune, together with 'the surtoudor of Ethel, were the only torms to which ho would listen; Several days wore sonsumod in fruit less, negotiation, during which' Ethel confined herself to hor| own apartment, and steadily refused ;to receive the intruder. Vornor assumed the command of the house ah its lawful master, and the servants learned to their dismay that the wedding of thoir lady would not take place, as the former husband, long sup posed 'dead, had returned to assert his prior claim to her. Gerald was almost in despair at tho firmnnsaof Vernor, when a letter from , Lyme was delivered" to him which- changed the aspect of affairs in his favor. It was directed in the . cramped hand of one not muoh aooustomed to writing, and, on opening it, he found these. lines Bin Gerald Methubn— Honored Sir:— I write this to let you know of a discovery I "bavo made which may bo important to yon. " Three days ago a sbip went, ashore near this place ; tho people on board were saved, and one of the passengers were brought to Jessie Litbgow's whuro I lodge. She is a yo'ung and beautiful woman, I can see, although she bus been sipk ' almost, unto death' sincabcr arrival here. During het illness her wild ravings informed me.of some tacts that' bear upon the history of your , cousin, Vernor Itethura, who l am aware is now in 'England;' " , ' I know ranch of Vernor'a former life, apd when bis first name, fell so often from her lips I listened to her words with interest,. I songht for a confirmation of my suspicions, and found a letter concealed in the dress she wore whon alio was brought bitbar, which proved to me that I was right in my con jectures. X inclose you a copy, of that letter, as I dared not remove too original. . You can judge for yourself if the facts it contains can bo of nny use to you at this crisis. He has married a second wife while his first one is ( yet living, and this poor girl has followed him to demand such redress as the law may afford. Four nights ago Vernor Methurn wsb in this place, and by this time bo is un doubtedly at Cliffden. I know- the Lady Ethel was soon to marry you, and the infor- ; matlon I send may enable you to deal with your adversary on more equal termB. You may rely on the truth of this statement from a friend, although my name is not signed to it. < . ' M. V. Below this-wns copied the letter Vornor hBd written to Sylvie, and Gorald no sooner glanced over it than ho saw from internal evidence that his cousin uiust have been tho author of the original. The date also confirmed his suspicions that Vernor had not told .the , truth .as to 'the place of his refuge. during the years of his absence. . ... In a tumult of feeling ho sought Mr. Digby, and laid the important missive be fore him. He rc'ad it carefully, arid theu .fiiid : ;"This places Ycrnor at your mercy. The woman he'lupi thus wronged will ox- poso his treachery, and to avoid a . prosecution for. bigamy ho will be com pelled to ily from the country. A delay of a fow months will enable you to claim your bride, for now all 1 gal difficulties to ' ,a divorco must' vanish before the proofs you cati briug forward of his uiter want of principle nod feeling. Let, us seek an interview, with' hiiri, and show; him the cririeal position in .which he stands." Vernor; was walking on tho sea-bench, - but in a short timo he -came up and re- ' turned to tho house/ . Gerald met lilm in " .tho hall, and requested a private conver- ' Nation in .the.librury. . " Our interviews lead to so little that is satisfactory that, it socms useless to hold thouii" he said, with a sneer ; " but I will not refuse your request." "This ono at least will .be move deoisive," was the significant reply ; "I' have something of importance to com municate to you which will probably' change your plan of action." "I fancy not ;,but we shall see,"and he indolently followed his cousin, and llirew himsolf in a chair in front of' the fire. Mr. Digby was Beated beside the library table, and Gerald carefully clos d tho door of the room, Vornor haughtily said: " " You tako many precautions whioh aro now useless, for every servant in this house knows who I am and why I havo come hither. They also bogin to compre- hnnd that I intend to maintnin tho foot ing I havo gained here as the lawful master of the domain." " I am quite well aware of that ; .but they do not know what I am about to communicate to you. It has boon known to myself only within tho last hour, and 1 warn you that it will bo a terrible blowNto yon." " Lot it fall, then," was tlio reckless rejoinder. "I am prepared for anything you can have to toll me." " I think you riro scarcely prepared for this. How long is it Binco you loft Bar. badoes and deserted the woman to whom you were united there 1 I am awaro that you havo nover been in Virginia: thut tho yonrs of your cxilo wore spent' in tho West Indies.", As Vernor listened his oheoks blanched. , Ho visibly trembled, though ho faltcrod : "It is falso I No woman has a legal - claim to me save. Ethel. Why should you presume to doubt my .word as to the place of my exile ?" " I doubt it becauso it is satisfactorily proved to me that you havo nover been in' Virginia. The woman you lately deserted Is already in England in pursuit of you, and by this' time' tho oluo to your identity is furnished to lier, though .you wodded hor only under your baptismal naino ?" Ho looked fixedly on the changing face of tho listener, and if confirmation had boon needed, tho agitntion of Voinor supplied it. Ho faintly gasped : "Sylvie in. England! Sylvio on my track !' then I aui indoed nndono !" After a moment of perturbed thought, he passionntely askod : "Who has told you this? What proof have you of what you assert ?" Gerald offered him the letter of tho gipsy, and calmly said : "Road thai, and see that you are no Torigcr safe in this country. '' (To he Continued.) When the grave-digger was asked how he found life, be replied that be rii.dn't see .much of it around where he .worked. SoFTL'eigh : » Miss Flytc, do "you think Miss Giggic is laughing at ma 1" Miss Fly te : "I can't say, \Mr. , Softieigb, She often laughs at almost nothing." 