Bible Studies. An Evangelical Free Churcli7' Oatechism. The explanatory nota of the now catechism ootttains tlio following : " Two yoars ago tho General Committee of tho National Connoil of tho Evangelical Free Churohos decided to undertake tho preparation of a now catechism, which might moot the widespread, growing demand for a modern muuuiil in tho inuch- uccdea catechetical ins traction of otirchildron ; und might ut tho sumo lime oxhibit tlio substantial agreement of tho Evangelical Free Churches iu relation to tlio funda mental and essential truths of Christianity. At tho oloso of last year nn enlarged com mittee was uppointcd to make a further and final revision of tho catechism. Tho groat ohjoct of tlio cominittoa has boon to express tlio Christiun doctrines held in common by all ovungolical frco churches. Tho tlieo-. logians who havo prepared this catechism represent, directly or indireotly, the be liefs of not less, and probably mnny moro. than sixty millions of avowed Christians in all parts of tho world. Students of history will he aware that no such combined statement of inter-denoniinationalboliof has over previously been attempted, muoli less noliievod, since tho lamentable day whan Martin Luther con tended with Huldreieh Zwingli. In view of tho distressing controversies of our fore fathers, it is profoundly significant and gladdening to bo able to add tlmt every ques tion and every answer in this uutcohism lms been finally udopted without a dissentient vote. Ilea soli gloria." 0\. Question : What are tho consequences of sin? Answer : Sin soparatcs man from Gnd, corrupts his nature, exposes him to munifold puins and griefs, mid, uuluss he ropouts, must issue in death eternal. 4 Note. — The. form of this answer wonldbo' improved by omitting the words "unless ho repents must issue iu," for too much by fur is ascribed to tho word "ropont." Alio tho expression "must issuo iu death eternal," conveys an idea probably not intended by tho compilers. Most of them assuredly thought of an eternal state of existence ; not of pass ing out of oxistonco, for over. . 10\. Question: Can wo deliver ourselves from siu und its consequences ? . Answer : By no mouns ; for wo are unablo either to cleanse our own hearts or to niuke umcuds for our offoticcs. i 11\. Question : How did tho Son of God savo His peoplo from their sins ? Answor : For our eulvution He canto down from heaven, and was incarnate by tho Holy Ghost of tho Virgin Mary, and wus made man, nnd was crucified also for us under Pontius Pilate. Ho suffered, and was buried, und tlio third day Ho roso again ucoording to tiio Scriptures, mid usoended into heaven, and sitteth ou tho right liuud of tho Father. Note. — By many persons tho form of this question must bo deemed to lie vory faulty. The words, " His peoplo," surely aro. not correct, except from tho stand point of persons who boliovo in tlio doctrine of tho ;'elcot" ; or who, on tho other hand, uttacli the broadcBt moaning to tho words, uceopting tlio ussortiou tlmt ail are tlio children of God, iu a certain souse, before us woll UB'uftcr being pardoned und born again. Supposo we put it thus : What did tho Son of God do to savo man from siu uud, its consequences? 