FLASHES. i Praise is unlucky. Burnt letters tell no tales. Theft is the last handicraft. God waits long, but hits hard To rotten wares the seller is blind. Seven nurses cost the child an eye. A nightingale cannot live on songs. \- A kind word is better than a fat pig. Poverty is not a sin but twice as bad. Remember friendship, but forget evil. He who drinks coiFeo shall the thunder say. He who smokes drives out the Holy Ghost. Half advice, half example, half money. The stranger is always the most in the right. Boland the orphan God himself bears the purse. Where there is nothing, a king can do nothing. Make yourself all honey, and the flies will devour you. The poor man has a sheepskin coat, but a human soul. They steal a sheep and give away the trotters for God's sake. The master is head of the house, but the mistress is the soul. God helps the bachelor, the house wife helps the husband. Don't fear the threats of the rich, but the tears of the poor. A man who has burnt himself with hot milk, blows on water that is cold. " What is grander than a man you can trust ?" " One who will trust you." Satire is the art of stepping on a man's toes without spoiling the polish on his boots. A great man never loses so much as when he exhibits intolerance, or parades the right of persecution. For the Times O, wad some power the giftie gie us, To see our creditors Before they see us 1 Erskine : " Funny that a woman can never throw anything straight," " Jenkins : " H'm, nob funny, exactly ; rather providential, isn't it " Did you attend the lecture of Professor Hard head on Influenza, a Mtilady of the Imagination V " " He did not lecture." " Why not ?" " Down with the influenza." A correspondent asks : " When is the best time to pick apples ?" The best time for this class of work is before the gardener gets up in the morning, and there's no big dog in the garden. Now is the season of the year when the man who sees the sign "Fresh paint will walk up to the door, leave the marks of his dirty fingers in it, and go away muttering to himself, " That's so." " When I am telling a man a story I , stop short if I see a peculiar gleam in his eye." " Does it mean that he has heard it before V " No, it means that he isn't listening, because he is thinking of the one he intends to tell me." A clergyman sends the following to the Church Gazette A young Ritualistic curate, applying for a vacancy, dated his letter St. Anthony's Day. The vicar, an old-fashioned Evangelical, headed his reply " Washing Day." " And so you think Thompson is a man of more than ordinary intelligence? What has led you to form such an opinion of him ?" " As I was on my way home yesterday I saw a horse jibbing in tho middle of the street, and a crowd gathered around. Thompson was the only person who had no scheme to make the animal move." 