CHAPTER XI.-A CRY IN THE NIGHT. Mrs Fanshawe's ball is what Mrs Fan shawe has meant it to. be-a brilliant success. Her own spirits never flag, she dances incessantly, the red of her cheeks redder, the light of her eyes brighter, as the hours wear on. Who shall say that this radiant' little hostess, dancing like a Bacchante, wild with high spirits, flirting with the men about her with desperate recklessness and levity, is a neglected, slighted, supplant ed, unloved wife? At supper she drinks iced champagne as if parched with fever thirst, until Vera's brows contract with wonder and alarm. She keeps near her sister through it all; something in Dora's wild excitement startles her; she dances scarcely once after her return to the ball room. "Where have you been?" Dora asks, hitting her a perfumed blow with her fan. "Why do you wear that owl-like face? This is no place for owlish faces. Why do you-not'dance? Everybody has been asking for you. What is the mat ter with you to-night, my solemnTVera?" Her elfish laugh rings out-she flits on. A gentleman passing smiles to the lady on his arm. "A case of twinkle, twinkle, little star," he remarks. "'What a radiantly happy woman our charming hostess must be!" The lady. shrutgs her shoulders, and puts on a scornful little chin . "She is half crazy to-night, or-tipsy with her own champagne. Did you not see how. she dranik at supper? It was perfectly shocking. See her sister watch ing her. Beautiful girl, Miss Martinez-do you not th!iln?-a perfect" type of the handsomest-sort of brunette." The gentleman smiles slightly. knowing better titan to accept this artful chal lenge; but the'eyes that rest for a mo ment on Vera have in them a light that makes his fair friend bite her lip. "Some romance attaches to her it does not seem quite clear what-but some thing connected with Dick Ffrench. You remember Captain Dick, of course. I have heard, but that I do "not believe, -that she was privately married to him before he Rent away." "Fortunate Dick Ffrench." "Oh, it is a myth, of course-'they say' being the only authority. It is added that she was very .desperately In love e akenith a pinch of salt, She was little'better than' a- child at the time--I recollect her trelli a tall, slim girl, with a thin,-dark-face, big black eyes, ind hardly.a. trace of the stately beauty we all admire now. Look at Mrs Fanshawe with Fred Howell! Really, Mr Fan shawe should be here to keep his wife. In order; No-one advocates matrimonial freedom more than I do, but there is a line, and she oversteps it. Upon my word, she is quite too horrid." Such comments, from ladies principally run the round of the rooms. The gen tlemen,'more indulgent, only glance at each other, and smile. All recall after wards, when the tragedy of this night rings through the country with a thrill, her brilliance, her flashes of" wit, her reckless spirits, her incessant dancing, her flushed cheeks, her streaming eyes, her flashing diamonds. . Censorious tongues stop then appalled, fair censors falter-they recall her only as a bright little butterfly, looking hardly accountable for her acts, so fair, so frail, so almost unearthly. But just now, before the curtain falls on that last act, and the intoxication of music, and waltzing, and wine is at its height, they do not spare her. One or two words fall on Vera's ears, and her eyes flash out their Indignation on the speakers. They are her guests, they break her bread and eat her salt, and sit on judgment on her. But oh! what ails Dot? How rash she Is-she has never gone to such extremes -before. It is more of Dane Fanshawe's work; he has goaded her to nmadness, this is her reckless revenge. Perhaps it is well for Vera's peace of mind that no time is left for her to think of herself, of her own wayward folly. She has acted like a fool in one way-Dora is acting like a fool in another; there is little to choose between them, that she admits bitterly. She keeps as close to Dora as may be; she tries to restrain her unper ceived; she absolutely refuses to dance. S"For pity's sake, Dot, do not go on so~ every one is looking at you," she whispers, angrily; once. "You are insane, I think, to-night. Do not dance with Fred Howell again. .He ought to be ashamed of him self- " But Dora interrupts with one of her fre quent bursts of laughter. - "Oh, Fred, listen here!" she calls; "here is richness. Look at- Vera's owlish face; listen to her words of wisdom.- - 'Do not dance with Fred Howell again. He'ought to be shamhed of himself." Are -you ashamed, Fsed? You ought to be, if my sober sister says so-she is never wrong." M Mr HoweJj stoops and whispers his an swer, FHe glances at-Vera' with a mall cioun smile, h.ioewes her a'giudge for more than one cut'dlrect, and -l1e cordially hates supercilious Dane Fanshawe. He is pay ing a double' debt to-night, in- compromis .ing his'hates. Vera draws back, Indig nant and disgusted, and sees - them "go, Dora clinging to his arm. Fred Howell's tall, dark head bent over her blonde one the most pronounced flirtation possible.; But it ends at last. Mrs.- Fanshawe, foolish though she be in many things, is wise enough never to let'dayl!ght surprise heri well-bred orgies, and stare in on hag gard faces and leaden eyes;. A little after three the guests begin to'(leliart, at half past the roll of carriages is continual, at four all but the guests are gone. And when the last good-night is said, Dora Fanshawe drops into a chair, and lifts a face to her sister, a face so drawn, so worn, eso miserable, th:t all her sins and follles are forgotten. As by tihe touch of a magic wand, every trace of youth andil prettiness departs in a second. "I am tlr.d to death!" she says. "I am tired to death!" She draws a long, hard breath, and flings up h--i arms ove Ir her head. "I ami tired to death--tired--tlred tired!" There is weariness unspeakable in the gesture, Ioart-sickhees so utter, so desper ate, that Vera's anger melts like snow. She has meant to scold Dora for her mad ness, but all words of reproach die away in a pashafnof pity and love. t . "My poor little dear!" she says. 'As a mother, might,. she gathe_ rs the flower s decked, Jewel-crowned head to'- her breast. !"Olib my Dotyou have not I. beei 'yourself to-night. "II:have been ir frightened for you;'.' Lam so glad It ls =' all over, and:that you can rest. 'No wonder yod are tired-you have danced Y every dance. Let me take you to your ' room, and help you tp.be&" I' Without a word Dora rises, and trails d her rich ball-robe slowly and wearily up s the stairs to her own room. Here'she sinks in a powerless sort of way again in r to the first chair. e "I am dead tired," she repeats, mech r an!cally. "If I only coild sleep and not wake for the next forty-eight hours, I might be rested by the end of that time. Nothing less will do." " She lifts 'her heavy and' dim eyes, and they fall on the dreary picture of" the "Eoolish Virgins:" There they remain in sombre silence for a long time. Vera seddliaway Felicia, and disrobes Dora herself with swift, deft fingers-with soft, soothing touches. . . "Do you know," Dora says, at length, "that through it all--`ih: crash of the -band, and the whirl of the waltz, and the talk of those men-the face of that woman there has haunted me like a ghost? I can understand now how men take to drink to drown memory or re -morse. All these long hours it has been beside me. Sometimes" when I looked in Fred Howell's fafce-augh! -faugh!' what a-fool he is!-it was the deadtly white face of that crouching womian'I saw. And the words -ivent with the vision-'Too late, too lae! 'ye cannot ef ter now!" They have'been ringing in my ears like a death- knell.t "You' are morbid, your nerves.-re aii unstrung," is-Vera's ahswer. "I wish I had not sung it.- It isa weird picture gloomyenough to haunt anyone. Do not look at it any more. Shut your poor, tired eyes while I brush"out your hair. It will quiet you." But the sombre blue eyes never leave the picture, and when she speaks again, her question startles hersister so that she nearly drops the brush. "Vera," she says, "are you afai!d to die?" "Dot !" "Afraid of the awful loneliness, the awful darkness, the awful Unknown. Vera, Vera! I am afraid to grow old but I hope-I hope--I hope I may be seventy, eighty, ninety, before I die. I am afraid cf death-horribly afraid. If one could come back from the dead and tell us what it is like-where all this that aches so in life, heart, soul, conscience, what ever you call it, goes 'after that ghastly change. But they never do, and we go on blindly, and then all at once the world slips from under us, and we are-where? Or is it the end, and are we blankness and nothingness; as before we were born? That would be best. I do not think I would fear that much!" Vera kneels down beside her, and puts her arms round her, every trace of color leaving her face, her eyes dark and dilat ed with sidden terior. "Dora." she says-"Dora, what is this? Are you in painT Does your heart hurt you? Is it the -spasms again?' "Oh, no!" Dora answers, wearily: "no thing of that. I feel tell enough; I never felt so well or haplpy In mi life as I did to-night. I am dead tired now, that is all. I And that picture troubles -me . lke bad t dreams. And your song-I cannot get that I despairing refrain out of my? ears. I wish I I were a better woman, :.era--I wis Is were as good, as wise as you-" "AsI?" Vera interrupts; almost with a c cry. "Oh, Dot, Dot, as I!"' -" "You never carry on with men as the a rest of us do. They have to respect youl. I You would not make a fool of yourself with Fred Howell as I did, come what might. You go to chuirch evgry Sunday, rain or shine. You have pious little books, I and' you read them, and you believe in God, and Heaven, arid all good things. Vera," she breaks out, and it is a cry of passionate pain, of a soul in utter dark ness, "is there a God, and miist I answer to-Him for the life I lead, and when I die will He send me forever to"- E ' But Vera's hand is over. her. mouth. Dora Is certainlyminad to-night-her hus~e banda-cruelty' hsb'turnedgher'brAin! .-"Hush, hush, hutsh!" lhe exclaims,. in horror. :"Oh, my Dot, my Dot!". W-hat shall she say to this blind, grop ing soul, lost in the chaos of unbelief? What she does say is in a broken voice, full of pity and pathos; Dora is too worn e out to listen to much. But she speaks of the infinite goodness and love of Him t whose tender mercies are over all His c works. 1 ' "If you would pray," she says, im ploringly, !'it is all, it is everything-the 'key of the day and the lock of the night.' Only this morning I was read- i ing a book of Eastern travels, and the writer says a beautiful thing. He. is speaking of the camels so heavily laden all the weary day: who, kneel at its close to be unstrapped and unladen; and he says we, like camels, kneel down at night, and our burdens are lifted from .us. If you would but:kneel, Dot, and believe and pray, our loying Father, who e hears the cry of every-hopeless heart e before it is spoken, would help you to t bear it all." - Dora does not answer; she lies back with closed eyes, white, spent, mute. Vera rises and resumes her work; in a few minutes an embroidered night-dress has replaced the rainbow costume and jewels, and Mrs Fanshawe lies down on her white bed with a long, tired sigh. I "It is good to rest," she says. "I hope I may sleep until sunset to-morrow. See that I am net'.disturbed, will you? I 'ant to sleep-to sleep-to sleep." - The words trail off heavily, and then,e :ith closed eyes, she lies still among the a pillows. Vera hastily replaces the Jewels a In their caskets, and arranges them on ' the table near the bed, flings the balUl e costume over a chair, turnsmdown the gas a to a tiny point, kisses her sister gently, i locks ?he door on the inside, and leaves ij the bedroom.- She goes by way of the i dressingroom adjoining, the door of which she also locks and takes the key. Felicla i may enter in the morning, according to custom, with her lady's'matutinal choco- c late, and Dora's sleep must not be dis tutbed. -. p In herown room she throws, open the c windowr. folds her own.wrap about her, s and sits down, glad to be aloie.,. She feels no desire for sleep; her mind ls abnormally b wakelul and active. How dark it is and c heavily it rains! . The scent of wet grasses b and dripping trees ascends 'There is nsot n a ray of light in the black sky; the whole c world seems blotted out in darkness and wet, and she the only .iVing thJng left. . a Is Dora asleep, she4 wonders'- poor, ' poor:Dora! Thank Heaven it;is not yet O too latel Thank Heaven :thee is yet tiiusfor faith and repentanc n?d, thebe ginning of .a better, less WorlllSlife.I It O has been a great and'sient trouble, to c Vera durjng the past six ?years, the . cynical, scoffing unbeliefs ofh't- siter, so .11 hateful in a man, so utterl; revolting in I 0 woman. But it is not too late, it is ' never 4oo-late. for penitence and'amend- a ment this side of eternity. ' Then her thoughts shift: the face' of ilclisrd French riles before her in the gloom,. so full of silent, sad reproach. She loves hin, and she has sent him froni her I -oh. folly beyond belief! and yet so tho- - roughly the folly of a woman. "I liked 7 that Vera - I love this!"-the bound that A her heart givles as she recalls the words! . They are true, or he would not speak them. No sense of loyalty to her would 7 make him tell her a thing that is false. He is true as truth, true as steel, a good, a brave, a noble gentleman. And she has sent him away! - the thought stings her with keenest pain and C regret. Oh, this pride that exacts such C a price! Is it too late to retract? He Is I going back to Culba, to his deathi, it may L Ie. No man can carry a charmed Ilfe ' for ever, and he will never know she loves him. No! a sudden, glad resolution flls her - for hier, no more than for Dot, is repentance too late. He cannot leave St Ann's before seven to-morrow - there is time, and to spare, yet. She nill write him, and tell him all - the whole truth, ' One of the men shall start with the letter - at six o'clock, and give It to him at the ' station. And then - a smlle and blush L steal over her face - he .il return to \- her; and then- r She leaves the window, turns 'iL the t gas, sits down, without allaing to thirik, i commences to write. The words' flow y faster than-she-can set thi.m down-net very loving. p?erhaps; she cannot show him all that ls in her heart just yet, but r good, wifely. words, that wil surely bring him. It is not long; little will suffice; she signs, and'seals, and diects. Then, as she sits looking at the familiar name, a thought strikes her; it Is the se. rond time in her life she has Written to Pichara Ffrench. She recalti that other letter, and laughs in the neu hope and happiness of her heart. Was there ever such aaother absurd epistleliented? No wonder Dot was amused- Poor Dot! who declaied that in the annals of senti mental literature it would sand aloie. She 'is well disposed to forgive Dot to night for her share In her marriage.: If she were still free to choose, he is the man of all men shewouldgive herself to. Many men she has met, known, esteeiedliked loved not one, except this man whose wife she is, and him she loves with her whole heart. - Five strikes somewhere down stairs. She Is not sleepy, but it is best to lie down and rest. - So In a few moents she is amid her pillows, and very soon the deep, tranquil sleep of first youth and per fect health falls upon her, and she slum bers quietly as a little child. -' ?" W : at is that? She sits up Infa'dden ter ror in the darkness. "Was it acry-a cry for help?. She listens; her heait heahtni fast. : Dead silence reig.ns-deep dwrknes is everywhere: Has she been treamning or was it the shriek of a night bird-the scream bf a belated gull? Nosecdril iound ;follows, and yet how like 'acryi;t was a human cry of fear, of pain!' She rises hastily: she must make sure: perhaps Dot - she dare not flei h-ths sentence. She throws on a drehsing gown, and hurries to Dora's room. A dim light burns in the corridor, she Inserts the key softly In the dressing-ronrit door; enters, approaches the bedrooin.- and looks in. All is peace. The gas burns, a tiny star of light; on the bed Dora le4, faintly to be discerned, quite still, sleep ing deeply. "Thank Heaven!" Vera breathes.. -"I was a dream or a night bird, after all." Left alone, Dora -Fanshawe drops asleep almost at once-the spent sleep of utter'exhaustion. - The loud beat oa. the rain on the windows does not break her rest, the heavy surging of the .trees .is unheard. She sleeps heavily, dreamlessly, and thein, without sound or - cause; ?ud denly awakes. And yet there is a sound In the room-a sound faint indeedh but terrible, the sound of a man stealthily opening the jewel-cases. She springs u in bed, and a shriek, wild, piercing, png rings through the house. He turns with an oath, and puts, his hand over her mouth. But Dora is a plucky little ,woman, and struggles in his grasp likea tiger-cat. ;". - you!" he says, between his clenched teeth, , "I'll shoot you if yao don't be still."? A crape mask covers his face. With bne hand she tears it off, with the other she grasps the heavy whiskers he wears. Their eyes meet-thd light of the gas-je falls upon him-the struggle ceases-to one awful instant she stares up at him he down on her. Then, with a dull, in articulate sound she falls back, still re tanking her hold. He tears himsel free violently, and, without giving her second glance, thrusts the last of the Jewels into his pockets, unlocks th chamber 'door, and flies. He is out f the pitch darkness of the wild, we .morning before Vera looks into he sister's room. And Dora lies still and sleeps on, but with wide open, glazed eyes, fixed in some strong horror. She lies motion. less, and the open eyes staring blankl at the ceiling flutter not, nor close. She has her wish; she will sleep, an on this earth that sleep will never b broken. The splendor and the glory o the world spread at her feet would fal to win one glance of gladness from thos sightless eyes. , The mighty problem Is solved- Time and Eternity--the soul that'.ba sled-I the, darkness and sllenceorth, night has looked upon the holy and aw. ful face of God. ' The hours wear on; inside the sleeper sleep, and quiet reigns; outside the win veers, and drives the storm-clouds he fore it;-a few stars palely usher in the dawn. Sounds of life begin in the house servants, stilly sleepy and . tired, dra themselves down stairs. Scarlet an crimson clouds push away with ros hands the blackness, and presently th sun rises like the smile of God upon th world. But Dora Fanshawe rises not will rise no more until the P.esurrectio Day! (To be continued.) 