A Lover from Dartmoor. CHAPTER III. Janet was a woman of clear, quick intelligence and strong common sense. She grasped the situation in a moment and although, just at first, she was reluctant to embark, upon what she deemed a hare-brained scheme, it was not long before Olive infected her with something of her own enthusiasm. Bred among the mountains of the Highlands, she had at heart little sym- pathy with the English prison laws. On the other hand, she was disposed to feel much sympathy with a gentleman of 'birth and breeding, who being hunted over his native county. 'Ay, child, I'll help ye,' she said with quiet energy ; and Olive was satis- fied. She knew what a promise like that from Janet meant. 'I'll be dressed in two minutes,' re- sumed Janet, thrusting her lower limbs briskly into grey flannel under-gar- ment as she spoke. In less than the two minutes she announced herself ready. A grotesque enough hfigure she looked, for she had not even troubled to remove her night cap from her head. 'I shall do, bairn,' she said in an- swer to Olive's enquiring glance. 'There's no time to waste in being over particular. Come now, let me have a look at this laddie, and see whether he's worth your fashing your- self like this.' 'Come then,' and Olive led the way to her own door, and .called softly to Trevor to open it. Luckily the rooms allotted to her and Janet were tolerably far removed from all the other sleeping apartments, so there was not much fear of their move- ments being overheard. Robert Trevor opened the door at once Janet cast a hawk-like glance upon him, and seemed not ill satisfied with what she saw. 'Well, sir,' was her brusque greet- ing, delivered as soon as she got inside the room. I hear ye've run away from prison, and have no fancy for going back-again. My young lady thinks she can help you; and I'm willing to have a hand in it if the thing's to be done at all.' 'Janet is very kind,' whispered Olive softly, 'and very clever. You must do everything she tells you." 'Well, young-man, the first thing to be done is to get you out of those clothes. It's Miss Beresford that's got the brains—not me, though I hope I'm not quite a fool. She's made up her mind already how you're to be got away from here. You've just got to dress up in my things and go down to the railway-station as though you were me.' 'Will it be possible? asked Trevor. 'Possible ? Ay, lad. I'll undertake to make you as like me as two peas in a pod.' 'But the risk of detection. The blame that would fall on Miss Beres- ford if I were detected. I cannot ac- cept such a sacrifice.' 'Oh, but you must! You must! You will, unless you want to make me very unhappy,' cried Olive eagerly. 'I have set my heart on saving you. And surely you want to escape ?' 'Heaven alone knows how earnestly' replied Trevor, 'but not at the risk of pain to you.' "There is no risk. None worth speaking of. I have thought it all out, and I know it can be managed. You are to dress like Janet ; she will help you, will paint your face and find you some false hair. All this will be quite easy, because I have a box full of things for private theatricals. Then, in the morning, I am to drive you to the station while Janet stays here. The people at the station saw her come in yesterday with me, so they will have no suspicion.' 'But your uncle. Surely he would know I was not Janet?' 'He will not see you at all. You say the other end of the secret passage is in a summer-house in the grounds. Well, Janet will go down to that summer- house, dressed exactly as she means to dress you. Then, when she is quite sure no one is looking, she will step into the secret passage, and you will step out of it. She will come back here to these rooms, and you will come to where I shall be waiting with the phaeton. Thus you see, if I mamage as well as I mean to do, none of the servants at the house will know I am not driving out alone ; and, on the other hand the people at the station will take it for granted it is my old nurse, whom I have come to see off by train.' 'Yes; 'but when it is discovered that your nurse is still at Westbury?' 'You forget that the people at the station are not likely to hear anything about that, one way or the other ; and even if they do hear, they would simply imagine Janet had returned without their knowledge, which surely would not be thought a very wonderful thing. Besides, whether it is found out ulti- mately or not, you will have got safe away.' "I wasn't thinking of myself; but of you,' said Robert Trevor, simply, with a look which she remembered for many a long day. 'Then, please don't think of me; because really I don't want you to imagine I am doing something ever so heroic. It is al quite simple and any- one could do it easily. And we shall not be found out—I feel we shan't,' she concluded, with a woman's-sweetly senseless logic. 'You see,' she resumed, after a moment or two, 'it will be particularly easy because my uncle will be away in the morning. He his to attend some very important meeting.' 'If I could feel sure there would be no risk of harm to you,' began Trevor, very earnestly. 'But Olive would not suffer him to make any further protest; she insisted on his at once placing himself in Janet's hands, and suffering her to disguise him as her second self. * * * * Janet took him away to her own room to undergo the metamorphosis. They were away more than an hour, during which time Olive sat on the edge of her bed, consumed by anxiety, and yet, upheld by a conviction that she would be able to accomplish that which she had undertaken. She sprang up all aglow with eager- ness when she heard footsteps approach her door, and, flinging it open, gazed with mingled wonder and delight at the result of Janet's labours. No one could possibly have recog- nised Trevor under his disguise. Janet had exercised both skill and care in disguising him, and the result was a perfect triumph of art. His face perfectly clean shaven be- fore, was tinted with a color precisely similar to the Scotchwoman's brick- dust complexion, a wig of dull sandy hair was arranged as her hair was in plaits at the back, and neatly plastered over the forehead. A pair of spec- tacles sat astride the bridge of his nose, and a pair of sandy eye-brows frowned down upon them. He wore a gown of thick grey homespun, a long black cloak, and a poke bonnet of the good old-fashioned kind. Thick woollen gloves-encased his hands, black mittens his wrist, and the dress skirt, rather short in front, displayed a glimpse of hand-knitted, black worsted stockings and stout, laced shoes. No casual observer who saw Janet as she arrived yesterday thus attired could doubt that he beheld her now. The ghost of a smile stole over Tre- vor's features as he met Olive's gaze. - The humour of the situation struck him, even in the midst of its grim and deadly earnestness. 'Shall I do, Miss Beresford?' he questioned. "You will do splendidly; no one will ever know you. Janet, how clever you are!' 'Well, I think he'll do,' admitted Janet, surveying her counterpart with some complacency. 'It wasn't so much trouble as you'd think. You see, luckily I'm a big woman, add he's none so versa big for a man, so my clothes fit him well enough. I tell him he must take care how he walks; a man's gait differs from a woman's. And now, sir, if you please; I'll take you back to my room, where you can sit and read a bit if it pleases you, while my young lady gets some sleep.' 'Thank you, Janet.' Then, after a moment of hesitation, he went up to Olive and said in a low voice of the deepest feeling, 'And thank you Miss Beresford.' He did not offer to take her hand, but she, with all woman's instinctive generosity, held out hers to him. 'Good-bye until we meet again, Mr. Trevor,' she said, sweetly ; 'and re- member I am glad to have been able to help you, though, indeed, it isn't I. It is Janet who has done all.' 'I shall never forget your goodness,' he answered, very earnestly, then Janet bore, him off, and Olive was left alone with her thoughts. Presently Janet came back to find her sitting beside her bed with a very pensive face. 'Janet, there is one thing that troubles me a little,' she said, as the Scotchwoman entered. 'Is there, Miss Olive? Well, tell it me, whatever it is.' 'Janet, I do wish he had said he was innocent. I suppose you would notice he never did.' 'I didn't notice anything about it, Miss Olive. To tell you the truth, I shouldn't think it so very awful if he did give the old man a crack on the head. No doot it was done in the heat of anger, and anyway, I like him better for telling no lies.' 'But he might be innocent,' sighed Olive, gently. 'I wish he had told me so. I should have believed him if he had.' 