THE OLD TH1EPS FATAL DREAM. HAUNTED BY AH OILSKIN SUIT Tbe clever writer ol theaiuiro or character sketches in the" West minster Gasrtte," who has " created " Archie Slow, the notorou" Glasgow burglar, trills in hia most recent artirle liew the old man waa belooled by a dream. He says :— There is snuffling piety about Arehie. HIB efforts are leavened with teiiihle knowledge, with bitter experieuco. I ventuicil to a»k him about Danny Bums. Oh, y..s, »>i<i Archie, " Danny knows my career. Dunuy and ino got that seven years I wee a ttl'in' yoo of together. We wss both in the same job.'' " Oh, that's how it was I What waa tho job Archie f" "Well, we was both dowa on the knuckle—atony broke —tbe drink had fair got held ol us—toels gone, olothei gone—»e wss nuht oo the knuckle. • It's a bad luokont, Danny,' s»ya 1—we was takju* a ramble down Uxfurd-street one dark nigbt—long ago now—about twelve o'cli ck, botb as dry as a kiln • Arohie.' sajs Danuy, see-there's a swell bloke I' He'd just come in the light ot a lamp. ' Let's cop bim, Danny,' sajs I. • Yon get in front of him—quick. And I'll put the ling en.' " With stealthly gestures which msde my flesh creep, Arohie played tbe drama for me—and put the hug on my bumble peraun. Two bandsful i/l beoy Sogers round my thiaat, bead fixed in n fleshy vice, a gasp, a horrid guigle. In the middle of the Ponleville-road I was rifled of all my possesions, and left for dead—so to speak. " Archie I gently ! ! So that's piiltn g the hug on, is it f Well, I'm glad you've seen the errurr of your ways HI" " Sixty pound was in the pocket- bsok,'' Archie went on, not heeding my exclamations, " Sixty pound—but we never see lbs colour of it; we both bad ta fly. Danny darts one nay, I another, and they copped as both. We met in tbe dock, and went to Portland together —ft ven years fnr hmhway robbery witb violence. And tbat were tbe last job I done with Danuy Burns. But we waa roou separated." " Separated ! " " Aye—and a very loog distance.' " Oh 1 how waa tbst P " " By a dream." And making nur way slowly towards King's Cross, Archie related the following incidents to me. heedless of thr bum of men, the loll of traffi:. " When 1 done my solitary confinement tbey takes me i-ff—clieens aud all—to tbe quarries agin, and puts me ia a quiet corner amoothin' stones—big stones thoy was, too, weighed more nor a ton each. Tbey showed me how to do it, and then left me to my deviocs. 'Well,' says I. * Arohie ! tbia is a nice eaay job as they've given ye. Easier nor loBg banded shovelB, eanier nor picks, and safiruor wheeling a barrow along a foot plank by a Inng ways. Give me terry fitmy. No fear of breskin'your neck at thi« job.' So 1 grinds away at the stone until I feels tired, which was very soon, and tben 1 sits me down to get my wind agin. " Hallo I Archie, what ever'a that P ' I cried. I waa fair takeo aback, for I thought I see tbe warder bangiu' up by a hook in the tool bnt, close to me. I looks agin—bard. Is it a dead man ? 1 says 1. Then 1 bunt oullangbing. It was only a snit of oiltkina dryiu', but it give me a bad turn, bein' rajther weak alter so much bread and water. But that uight I ses 'em agio— they oomes a walkin' in on nothin', makin' no noise, an' gleamiu' all yellow ia the dark—the whole snito' oilskins, sou'-wester an* all. I'm nnt a man that's easy akeered, but if ever I was it waa then. ' Archie, Archie.' ' Good Lord I be'* a -talking* 1 to me I' I cries. I sits up in my bed, the sweat pourin' i fi me ' Archie, it aaid agin, 'Why don't you put me on and skedaddle?' And then it flew aut o" theL wiader—bars notwithstanding. Wben tbe warder leaves mete my business in tbe mornin'. I lifts my lamps (my eyes, nf coorse),snn there be was hangin' op from the 'nok aa much like a dead man a* ever. ' You villian !' cries 1, Bhskin' my flat at him, all my irons ringing like a blaokxmitli'a shop. ' What d'ye mean by disturbin' of a 'ard wortrin'man at bis rest p What d'ye mean by it P' And then I stopped »s if 1 were frvae. *I will put ye on and rksdsddle !' cries I. I should never have thought nf it if he hadu't put it into my head. beitrssomeo'Ihe men titterin'. 'Why are thoy laughing P'says I. Rut I never turns my bead,thnugh every second I rxtiecks to hear the alarm But no— and soon Ireaobes the bridge. Archie 1'says I. * Arobie—another minnte and ye'U be safe acroat, and hi for sweet liberty I' I steps hi.lvlly on to the bridge, and tramps along towards the sentry, who stood about midway. Wbe gors there f Halt t* be ones. Hullo V 1 says, aad my heart fair lept te my moutb. Bis gua waa up aad prntin' at me. Don't fire, ye fool,' I shouts ; ' I'm a free man goiu' home to my wife and cbilder.' There were lets o' free men workin' about the place you know. Who arc ye P' be cries, studio' done te me in tbe middle of the road, atill aimin'. Don't, I tell ye. I'm a free man—Archibald Bloss—goin' home to my wife nod cbilder,' 1 was qnite angry with bim. Goin' home to yonr wife end shildren 1* be cries, claps hia band on me, polls open my yellow coat—and tbeerwaimy nice iron bangles and my sheens exposed te view. K was aa awful exposure. Will ye surrender quietly T says he, diggin' me with the end of the bayonet, aad tben be whistles, and ia a minnte I was surrounded. Well, it eoaldn't be helped ;' but,' says I to tbe sentry,' why didn't you take my word V With that they all begins Ui laugh. ' Take your ward 1—word of a man what wears a oilskin snit wben tbe sun's a-shiuia' P 1 And so it was, aad I fair gnashed my teeth to think bow I'd been deceived. " They marchs me to my cell, and all tbe way I kep' bangin' the uilskiu auit about audit— 1 Why don't ye put me on aad skedaddle P' Oh 1 damn yt*. I made up my mind I'd never put trust in a ghost no more— I've BBver believed in 'urn since. Tbe linrs. Well, I knew 1 was in for it now. Tbe next day I'm brought before the Governor, and I'm charged firstly—witb stealin' tbe oilskins ; secondly, witb tryin' to make my tacapc. Archie,' says I, * It's like a sermon, nitb its firstly and its secondly—and wfaafll thirdly be P ' I knew. * It'a all quite right, sir,' says I. I've tried aad fails}. Ill try agin, though.' In a week's time comes tbe visiting magistrate. ' Is it line P ' says ha, • Wbat's tbe good o' askia' me,' says I. ' You won't believe me, whatever I say.' Yes—I will if ysu speak the troth.' ' Well, sir, it's tbia way—when tbe Governor gets a lot a' oonviots aad bands them ever to the warder, it'a bia business to keep 'em, ain't it P And oa tbe other hand, it'a the business ef the oonviots—to get away if they ean. What do yon any, sirf Now, ain't I- telling the troth.' *Ob!' says the visiting Magistrate, angry likn • There—didn't I say you wouldn't believe me. Iknowedit.' ' Did yeu steal the wardert oilskina P' 'Steal 'en, no. I took tbe loan nf 'em—that's all.' • Well, for borrowiu' 'em yon shall have a month's biead and water, and twenty-eight more pounds weight ef irons—for aixmuatha. Oh t thank ye, old fellow. His it op.' 1 And for attempting to escape you shall have a warm breakfast tomorrow morals'—and fifty lashes, And you'll wear tbe caaary jaokrt.' ' Thank ye. sir, tben I will be a toff. Fancy me in a oaoary jacket I Mind I dnn't flap my wings and fly away.' - 411 that night I aaw yellow agio—onlr this time M waa a bird, tbe like o' which I'd aster aaan afare, sitting astride a oat wi' nine tails, o'er. me, I tossed aad tamed, sad tajin' to oatch tbe thing all nigbt through. I was fair tired out in the morning. At half, past Bvs tbe bell rings, and up I gets, washes mysel', oleans my cell, and Bits me down. 'Archie,' says I, * 1 wonder if it hurts '—fur I'd never had any before. ' Well, eld man, ye can't grumble, anyways. You've wrought for it, arid it's only your deaeits.' 1 was a fairminted man. I'd have made a good judge, I believe, if I'd been properly eddioated. But is the time went ou my baok begins to creep badly. ' Cheer up, Arohie,' says 1. Aye. I was always a talkin' to mysel'. I'd BD other friend as cared fin me so much as Archie. 1 Cheer up—neve mind—bear it like a BID, and ye'll have a nice warm breskfas' instead o' that cold water and dry liivad.' And, sure enough, they brings me a howl o' hot cocoa and some bread and butter. At ten tbey leads me out to exrculiim. Thuy 6(np» me to the waist, laakrs me to the trisupli and ia a minute down comes number one.* Very wcrminV says I. • Knives ! ' says I to siuaifcrr two But M.ey couldn't aet a yell out o' mn. With number three comes hlood. But tbey never got inr-jr nor a gruari out o' my puor body. No. Wheo it was over and I'd bad my fifty, they takes me tnnry eell.washea my back anil dremes it with bog's laril. -Oh. Paradise I' crirs I. ' llut I was worse nor I thought. • Take him to thn lmnpita!,' nays the dsoti r, in the afternoon. • Oh ! you fool'ah man,' he atys • Why don't yuu brhavc yourself.' ' Behave myself 1 Paradip-e I * I murmurs. I could scarccly restri-in >''}' joy 4 Paradise I' I bad chops, brcf tea, irioirroot, rice pudden, patatys I lies sort and warm. I gets lots o' baccy. Lots o' talk. And nothing to do. Brhave myself ! I lived like a proper Dook for five weeks—and on the sixth Monday my name was read out to go to Auatraly as a desperate character, lie I a desperate character. I waa like a lamb. And that's bow me and Danny Burns get separated—all aloug uf a dream." 