A GHOSTLY APPEAR A N l. K A T Aucunx. EXCITEMENT IX THE NElGHIiOUK UOOD. Tim’ sorn" sceptics may deny belief in visitants ftoni mother sphere, yet with tile m»i >r’ty of folk the belief dies haul. MiES Man.er. of “ Lamingti.n," Victorir-road, Auburn, Victoria, in s ii ore than <occe Feen something re sembling a ghost—when, f riribtniic’, she looked in her minor, s> dibll letcd was the by many months’ ;11 iicss. She fays : — “ I iomiurncfd, some (wo years ape, til feel rciy it- sfC r !• (inning liome iiom solo'd. 1 did not fee) sufficiently unwell to take t> my bed, hut experienced a c ntii.uel languid fed m; tint made me.feel most mi.-eialde. Father took mo to ffe a d-C.or, anJ he (aid I raat over growing' my strength, and I was not to ii rt myself. As I had no in clination to do so, there was no fenr of my disobeying this order, and I to k the “ ijnir.ine tonic" given me, with regular ly. Then 1 commenced to fed acute pains in ray shoulders and back, ar.d i i night I c r.l 1 j scutccly get any rest." “We triel everything to ii-dime sleep,” inter posed Mr Mame’, but without ifT ct; then I eon-u’ted a wdl-known Collins-street practitioner. He said mV daughter v;a3 suff-ring piinci pally ficm weakness, and advised a change. Her rn ther look her away for n trip io Qucrnshr.d, but she re turned looking worse. She would also retell on rising in the morning ; nuy food taken cculd ur.t be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." “This time laft year,” said Miss Alice, “I weighed 7st Hit’s, now I r.rn 9v 71b?." “A great irnproremer.t; your treatment mart have hecu bene ficial?" “No; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Acludly, Dr William.' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve tUt credit. Juft before the Jubilee iiolidnys. father bought me a box of Dr Williams’ Pink Pills at Mr PleasanccV, Chapel Street, Prahan; they did me so mush good that 1 continued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued t.king them, and I am row as healthy as anyone could wish.” “ And you w uld tecr mrnend them ? " “Yes; and that strongly, t)0," said Mr Marner, “ b«d I known of Dr Williams’ Pink P.l.'s two years before, it would have saved me a hundred ponnds." There a:e many resders who may he fortnuato enough to s.v.e their pockets if til"/ net rs tin's young lady did. Dr Williams Pir.k P-1U will cure at.iemh, weak he*it, sh ep lessnes?, icri'fuls, consumption, chronic erysipelas, debility, ii.digcs* lion, liver an i kidnev difcn-cs, nud ehe-t and Jnng troub'es, pale aud sail >w complexions, )ia:nlysis, loco motor Btnxi-a, ncurnlgin, bt. Vitus’ dar.ee, r.ud rtivi.es limdeche, ard all U' rvo is di.'O.deef. They are ft Id by chemists and ft ickcc-peiS, and by the Dr Williams’ Midicine Com pany, c/o Hock', Tompsitt and Co., Flinders Street, Melbourne, i t two i and nine a box, or six for fifteen aud t ireeper.ce. but aie genuine only with | the full name (seven words), Dr j Williams' Pius Pills fir Pale People, one ich Ik x, Thousands have testi i fied to their carnijve powers. 