Notes and News, Play-goers are reminded of the opening performance of the Woods-Williamson Dramatic Company in the Theatre Koyal to night, when Henry Petitt's successful drama,' 'Hands Across the Sea,' will be produced. The company have just completed a season in Maryborough, in regard to which the Chronicle says ' They are certainly one of the most artistic and talented combinations that have ever visited Maryborough.' They bring with them what is desoribed as a large amount of magnificent scenery and me chanical effects. To-morrow night will be staged ' xne uate oi iiondage, a dramatisa tion of Hall Caine's famous novel, ' The Deemster.' A Berious accident occurred yesterday afternoon to Master Jack Laird, only son of Mr. M. Laird, general manager of the Scot tish Company. The lad, who is about nine years of age, was out riding with a companion in the vicinity of Fisher's slaughter-yard, and about 5 o'clock was goiDg along the road at a fairly fast pace, when the pony he was riding tripped against a stump some four inches out of the ground. Young Laird was unseated and throws heavily on the road, where he lay unconscious. Assistance was rendered from some adjacent cottage, and the other boy rode quickly into town for a doctor. Mr. and Mrs. Laird were both out at the time and the messenger immediately went for Dr. Geddie, who drove out to the soene of the accident, and after temporarily attend ing to his wounds conveyed the young sufferer to his home. Examination soon discovered the fact that he was suffering, from severe concussion of the brain, besides numerous scalp wounds, and it was some couple of hours before he regained even semiconscious Q6S5. c The usual weekly sitting of the Warden's Court was held yesterday, before Mr. Warden Parkinson, when the following applications for miners' homesteads were approved conditionally : Olive Bull, 5 acres,. Hall's road; W. H. Harrison, 2 acres, Yeteran road ; Annie Fleming, 1 acre, Par son's road ; Kate A. Doyle, 1 acre, near Lonisa street ; Conrod Brown, 5 acres, Mary borough road. The application of Mary A. Colemaa for 2 roods, Musgravc street, was rejected. The application of F. H. Nugent for 12 acres G.M. lease, West Coast Creek, was withdrawn. 8ix months' exemption was recommended to the Columbia and Smith field Block. At the Police Court on Tuesday a main tenance ease set down for hearing was struck out, taere oemg no appearaoue or eimci party. Some recent improvements in the reading room of the School of Arts should tend to popularise the institution. The old comfort-, less forms have been done away with, and a number of easy Austrian bent armchairs sub stituted. Through the agency of the mem bers for the goldfield, three new maps of Queensland, in every way up-to-date, have been obtained, and ornament the walls ; while a new map showing all the stock routes, now being issued by the Survey Department, has also been promised. The following magazines and papers have been added to the reading table : — ' The Queen,' ' The Contemporary Review,' ' The Woman at Home,' 'Strand Magazine,' ' Chambers' Journal,' ' Strand Musioal Magazine,' and ' Harmsworth.' Two hundred new volumes have likewise just been ordered from Sydney for the library. We have been requested to state that the recent Trinity College (London) theoretical examinations were presided over by Mr. and Miss Woodrow and Mrs. Dr. Ryan. There was a good attendance at the ballfin the Hibernian Hall last night, in aid of the funds of the School of Arts. The room was \- tastefully decorated with flags, and presented a very bright appearance, Messrs. E. B. David son &Dd; F. HcGhio being responsible for the j§ ? Thfl ciinnor. Irindlv orovidea DV urttujjLig. j-aaw '-s , ? * i ? i * the ladies, was quite a feature, ana certainly deserves a word of praise. Miss Rogers (piano), and Messrs. Westley (cornet), Metcalf (violin), and Glegg (violin), were, responsible for the excellent music, and gave their services gratuitously. Mr. E. B. David son acted as M C. -The usual monthly meeting of the Gympie Horticultural Society was held in Messrs. Caston and Davidson's offices on Tuesday niKht, when there was an exceptionally large attendance. Mr. W. G. Ambrose presided. It was the opening night of monthly competi tions for the next six mooths, and 72 blooms were staged, being the largest number ever exhibited at any monthly competition, and the quality was equally as remarkable as the quantity. The exhibits chiefly comprised roses, carnations, pansies, poppies, dianthus, asters, geraniums, and candytuft. The date of the Spring Show was fixed for Thursday, September 14, and it was decided that a section for canaries be raoluded in the schedule. The chairman, on behalf of the members presented a handsome gold medal, suitably engraved, to Mr. F. MeGhie, for t services he has rendered as secretary to the Society; and a silver medal to Mr. C. J. Woolear, as a special prize donated by air. H. Curtis for the winner of the most number of points at a recent show. Both medals were manufactured by Mr. H. Curtis, who deserves considerable credit both for the design and workmanship. The Maryborough Dairy Company was registered as a company on Thursday last, the shares taken up being now sufficient to start the company. Arrangements are being made for the erection of buildings and plant to carry on the operations of the oom pany. — Wide Bay News. The Messageries Maritimes Company are buildiDg a steamer, to be named the Paeifique for a new steamship service between Sydney not intend to pay a subvention for this ser vice. The schooner Eclipse has sailed from Adelaide for Eucla, taking 100 cats, which are to be let loose near Euola in oruei check the inorease of rabbits. It is proposed to establish a Co-operative baeon factory in the Laidley district, ^ l ? ~ ? — The anniversary celebration of the One Mile Methodist Churoh was commenced on Sunday last, when the Bov. A, HutchinsoD, cf Maryborough, oonducted the services. The morning congregation was seriously -affected by the rain, but in the afternoon and evening tho attendance was large. Mr. Hut ohinson delighted his hearers by his able dis courses, and the choir rendered good music under the conductorship of Mr. J. Snell, Miss Snell presiding at the organ. Mr. R. Hand, of Charters Towers, sang ' The Yesper Hymn' with pleasing effect during the even ing service. The annual tea meeting will be held this evening, tea beiDg provided at 6.30. A miscellaneous programme is provided for the public meetiug which commences at 8 o'olock. Particulars are announced in another column. There wag a large attendance of members and visiting brethren at the half-yearly summons meeting of the Loyal Diamond Jubilee Lodge, held in the lodge room, Graham St., on Mondaynight. Although the fourth lodge of tho M.U.I.O.O.F. order on the field, and only 2 years since it was established, the membership is already nearly 100, and the finances on a sound basis. The follow ing officers wers elected for the ensuing six months : — G.M. and L.M., Bro. G. Garriok ; N.G., Bro. J. Loosemore; V G., Bro. J. M. Gambling; E. S., Bro. C. F. Bardsley; F.S , Bro. E. P. Saunders ; B.S.N.G, Bro. F. H. Griffith; L.S.N.G., Bro. John Smerdon ; R. S.Y.G., Bro. G. Saunders ; L.S.V.G., Bro. James Neilson ; Warden, Bro. H Dahlke ; Guardiaa, Bro. S. G. Smerdon. The officers eleot were duly installed by P.G. Bro. W. Short, assisted by P.G. Bro. J. C. Johnstone (Loyal victoria Lodge), l'.N.G. Bro. D. McCormack, and N.G. Bro. E. Finney (Loyal Excelsior Lodge). The following brethren were then nominated for the posi tion of district officers for next year : For the Provincial Grand Master's chair, P.D.P. G.M. Bro. R. W'. Scott, Loyal Excelsior Lodge ; for the Deputy Grand Master's Chair, P.G. Bro. J. C. Johnstone, Loyal Victoria Lodge ; for the Provincial Corres ponding Secretary's Chair, P.G. Bro. Dia mond, Loyal Perseverance Lodge, Maryboro.' On Monday evening the annual installation of Lodge Braemar No. 816, S.C., took place in the Oddfellows' Hall, and proved to be the largest gathering of the fraternity ever held on Gympie. The ceremony of installation was performed by Wor Bro P.M. J. M. xennanr, jlmt.o.u., m a very impressive manner. Wor P.M. Bro. G. A. Rttist, D.G.S.B., officiated as Director of Cere monies, and Wor. I. P.M. Bro. J. Baty, B.G.S , assisted. The following were also present : — P.M., Bro. Geo. Ross (Mary borough), P.M. Bro. Jaffevay (Maryborough), P.Ms. S. Nash (Pioneer), W. Condie (Pio neer), H. Smith and J. Hood (Lord Dufferin), I.P.M. Bro. T. Oliver and li.W.M. W. H. Smith (Lodge Gympie), J D. Bro. Least (Lodge, Athole, Bundaberg). and a great pumber of visiting brethren from the sister lodges. The following brethren were in stalled, namely: R.W.M., B. Neil ; I. P.M., J. Baty ; Dep M., T. H. White; Sub M., W. G. Matthews; W.S.W., T. Gocdall; W.J.W., E. W. H. Cramer; secretary, P.M. J. W. Campbell; chaplain, Rev. J. Maclntyre ; S.D., C. Asmussen ; J D., J. Telford; I.G., T. Murphy; treasurer, J. Jewell; jeweller, W. D. Sinclair ; sen. S., J. John; jun. S., B. Wright; musioal con ductor, D. Thomas ; piper, A. M'Kenzte ; tyler, F. H. Wise. Immediately after the : ? ? ii- ~ t -r» ?-* v- ? r lusfatumbiuu bUO A.r.LU., -L-ru. U. JOMJt waa presented with a jewel by P.M. Bro. J. M. Tennant on behalf of the lodge. Bro. Baty, who is the youngest P.M. in Queensland, suitably acknowledged the gift. The jewel was of local manufacture by Bro. W. D. Sinclair, the lodge jeweller, and was a splendid piece of workmanship. The visitors and brethren of the lodge were afterwards invited to a banquet provided by the lodge, the catering being in the hands of Bro. W. G. Pearse, and reflecting great credit on him. The speoial meeting of members of the Gympie Central Dairyifag Company, to have been held on Tuesday afternoon, to confirm the speoial resolution passed at a previous meeting, altering Clause 4 of the Articles of Association, lapsed for want of a quorum. We understand that another meeting will be called with the same object in view. The W.O.T.U. met in the Council Cham bers yesterday afternoon, when it was an nounced that after due consideration it was ULLUUgUb lUtHlYlaaUJO ItU XlttYO bUC JLSIOLIAWU Conference in Gympie at present, the visiting unions being of the Rams opinion. One of the causes which led to this decision is the prevailing sickness in the town. The dis trict executive, at the invitation of the Mary borough. union, is to meet in that town for the transaction of business. A paper by Miss Slack — ' Woman's Plaoe in the Tem perance Reformation' — and which has been written for the Paris Congress, was read. In it Miss Slack showed the number and size of women's temperance organisations which now exist as the result of a few women banding together against intemperance in the little town of Hillsborough, Ohio. Her final contention is that the women's tem perance societies which have come into existence within the last twenty-five years, and which have been offioered and worked exclusively by women, have fully demon strated that women are not inferior to men as temperance reformers; that in this de partment of reform women are as original, as daring, and as persistent as men ; that they have as clear a perception as their brothers of the vital points in the struggle of the emancipation ot the race from the bondage of liquordom. They have concen trated their efforts on two crucially important points, viz. ; The legislative prohibition of the liquor traffic and the scientific education of the young on the alcohol question. Maryboro' Municipal Council has struck the following rates for the current year : — General rate, 2d in the £ ; Lighting rate, Jd iu the £ ; Cleansing rate, 14s per pan ; Water Supply rate, construction Id in the £ ; consumption as per schedule and by-law No. 17 ; Health rate, Id in the £ ; Laming ton Bridge rate, $d in the £. Wednesday's Telegraph wickedly tries to soore the following ' points ' at Gympie's expanse : — ' A learned counsel's opinion, given in the Supreme Court yesterday, was that Gympie was the most solemn and inde pendent town in the colony. Gympie resi dents should feci flattered. The learned oounsel oould not, however, have been there duriDg a parliamentary election.' The handicaps for the two principal events nt t.fen Kilkivan Athletic snorts to be held on Saturday are advertised iu this issue. An extraordinary mistake in surgery was made by an oculist at one of the hospitals in Montreal on the 28th of April. The oculist operated on a man -named Thomas Stewart, whose left eye it was necessary to remove. The patient was etherised, and the surgeon removed the right eye, leaving Stewart blind. When the error was discovered the surgeon tried to commit suicide. An item of news per R.M.S. Oruba is that Lord Chief Justice Russell has given an im portant decision respecting stamping receipts. Defendants,- the Carlton Bank, Limited, had employed a solicitor to collect accounts, and on the solioitor handing over the money, collected, the cashier of the bank merely initialled the amount in the book. The Crown claimed that these entries, on being initialled, became receipts, and the Chief Justice upheld the contention and gave judg ment for the amount claimed. The number of applieations sent in for the 387 vacanoies in the Yietorian Railway De partment reached the large total of 14,758, rat of these 1021 applications were informal. The vacancies were in various departments of the railway serviae, both clerical and mechanical, and candidates were required to be between the ages of 14 and 35 years. The Railway Department (says the Obsek ver) have given instructions to the Queens land Acetylene Gas Company, of Elizabeth street, Brisbane, to illuminate the Corinda Railway station, approaches, and overbridge by means of their patent simplex acetylene, and the work is now being carried out. The illumination will consist of twenty lamps of 25 candle power, enclosed in the ordinary lamp fittings. This is the first railway station in Australia to adopt acetylene gas for lighting purposes. It is also worthy of note that the Queensland Railway Depart ment were the first to adopt acetylene for railway carriage and wharf lighting. The Dalby Town Hall, and with it the books containing particulars of arrears of rates (about £3000) due to the Municipality, were destroyed by fire last week. It is sup posed to be the work of an incendiary. The Courier's Melbourne correspondent telegraphs as follows:— At the end of the present month the percentage reductions in the salaries of oivil servants will cease, bringing to a close the severe policy of retrenchment that has been in force for the past seven years. It is estiinated that these reductions have effected a saving of £750,000. An old man of 72 years died in the street in Fortitude Valley on Tuesday while going to Ilia work of stonebreaking. In the New Zealand seamen's dispute the Conciliation Board at Wellington refuse to raise ^ or lower wages, and overtime is' to remain as at present. The following should be interesting tolooal fruitgrowers : — A report has been reoeived by the Under Secretary, Department of Agricul ture, from J. Henderson, managor of the Redlaud Bay orchard, giving the results of cyaniding upon some orange and lemon trees in that locality. A number of oraDge trees_ grown by Mr. Haak were treated with cyanide on February 24 last. 'I he trees in question were very much affected with scale, principally the black orange and pink wax scale. Those which were oyanided in Feb ruary are now entirely free from scale, and since thev were ooerated unon hn.vo mnrln good growth. The lemon trees, which were grown by Messrs. Holzapfel brothers, were principally affected with red scale, and were fumigated on February 25, the results beiDg fully as successful as in the case of the. oranges. Mr. Henderson forwarded to the Department a case containing samplea of the fruit grown upon the oyanided trees and also samples of that grown on trees which were not so treated. Describing a model dairy herd, owned by a Victorian, the original basis of which is shorthorn crossed with Ayrshire bulls, whose pedigree goes back to milking strains, a Victorian contemporary says : — A look through Mr. Goldie's well kept book shows that some of his cows run up to 850 gallons for the year, that tho average test is 4.3 of butter-fat, and that his returns from milk for the year come out at £10 8s 3d per cow. A. New York telegram dated May 6 re ports : — Mrs. William C. 'Whitney, wife of the well-known millionaire, died in her country house at Westbury, Long Island, this after noon Over a year ago she fell from her horse when following the hounds in South Carolina, and severely injured her spine and □eck. and has since heen a helnless crinnle. Everything that wealth could command was done by her devoted husband to alleviate her suffering and to relieve the monotony of ill ness. She was brought to Westbury in a sleeping-car equipped with every device to lessen the effects of motion and constructed at an enormous cost. Mr. Whitnoy had a private race-track laid near the house, and exciting races were run whioh his wife watched from her bed. Golf, tennis, and other sports and entertainments were arranged m t he same way. Airs. Wnitney wa3 a oeauti ful wom.in, and one of the recognised leaders of New York society. A 'ploughman subscriber' of the Mel bourne Leader sends the following care for sore shoulders on a horse .- — ' Wash the sore with warm water immediately after the collar is taken off, then take some clean wood ashes and put on the sore, and let the horse remain two or three days without work. It will quickly heal up. I have proved this effective by experience.' . Mrs. Addu Rivers, an American lady, his begun an action for divorce from her hus band. She claims that the ghost of her husband's first wife infosts the house and makes her miserable. It appears at nights, and frightens her so she is unable to sleep. It oomes near to her, and indulges iu paroxysms of weeping, and occasionally it smashes the furniture. Mrs. Rivera's asser tions were at first laughed at, but she per sisted iu them, and upon being medioally examined was declared to be sane. Mice are doing muoh damage to the wheat stacks at Horsham (Vic.) and are also proving a great nuisance in farm houses A characteristic story of Mark Twain is going the rounds. It appears that at a dinner to whioh he was invited his name was associated with the toast of Literature by an orator, who referred with great eloquence to Homer, Shakspeare, Milton, and — Mark Iwain. In response, the humorist thanked the speaker for bis kindly references, and excused himself from making a longer speeoh by saying : — ' Homer is dead, Shakspeare and Milton are no more, and I — I don't feel very well myself 