ADRIFT IN A BALLOON. EXCITING ADVENTURE IN THE SKIES. The advantages of the fine old crusted Yorkshire axiom, " When in dock, tak' a soap" (that is, have a liquor), were never more conspicuously exemplified than on a Saturday afternoon recently (says the London correspondent of the " S. A. Chronicle"), when two plucky old " tykes" probably saved their nerve and their lives by re- membering the adage. Their adventure began in a public park at Bradford, where a gala and sports were in progress, a promis- ing feature of the show being the ascent of Bramhall's balloon. Mr. Bramhall is an experienced aeronaut, though weighing 16st., I and therefore rather heavy for the role. He has made scores of successful ascents and on Saturday tried a new balloon, called the " Lord Masham," of 28,000 cubic feet capacity. Two friends of Mr. Schmidt, of the Empress Hotel, and Mr. Croft, of the Bradford Town Council, went up with him, and in due course took their seats in the car. Mr. Bramhall had also swung himself on to the edge, and cried " Let go," when a refractory gust of wind suddenly drove the balloon in a wrong direction, and an ungentlemanly young tree, striking the aeronaut full In his capacious waistcoat, knocked him over into a clump of conveniently adjacent laurels. As for the balloon, It did not wait to hear more, but relieved of Mr. Bramhall's 16st shot up swiftly into the skies. About 10,000 people were in the park, the great majority of whom were watching the ascent of the balloon. Mr. Bramhall is well known, and when it was seen that the balloon had gone up without him the danger of the situation was realised. The great crowd behaved as if panic- stricken. A rush was made for the gates, especially by the women and children, and at each end of the park entrances there was for several minutes a very ugly block. After emerging from the park large numbers I took the various roads leading in the direction which the wind was carrying the balloon. Mr. Bramhall was naturally in a position of considerable anxiety. The balloon, he says, soon attained an altitude of 6000ft., and appeared to be travelling fast in the direction of Leeds. Alderman Speight, of Scarr Hall, lent him a fast trotting horse, and with this and a light dog- cart he was soon on his way to Leeds. The son of Mr. Croft, one of the passengers in the balloon, was present with his cycle, and he and a friend at once started in the same direction with the utmost speed. In the meantime the balloon passed rapidly away, and both Mr. Bramh^U and Mr. Croft, jun., had to trace it by inquiries. The feelings of the two elderly gentlemen, Messrs. Croft and Schmidt,' when they fully realised that they were alone in the wide, wide sky," and drifting towards the German Ocean in a rapidly-rising gale, without having the ghost of a notion how to help themselves, may be left to the imagination. Mr. Schmidt fortunately Is Anglo-German and phlegmatic. " Der Is nodings to be done whilst were over Bradford," be said wisely, " let us see if Bramhall has a drink, on board. It will us good do." They examined the car, and in Mr. Bramhall's coat found a flask of brandy. Of this they drank, and then (feeling much better) began to practically consider what to do. Neither has been in a balloon before, and so they had only the knowledge of the ordinary reader. They set themselves, as they say, to carefully study the rigging, and came to the conclusion as to what course to take reach the earth. But the balloon, as was afterwards shown, had been going thirty miles an hour, and by the time they were over Kirkstall, between Bradford and Let's, they felt it would be impossible to attempt to alight for some time in this populous district, and as the balloon appeared to be slightly descending Mr. Schmidt threw out some ballast. The balloon rose again, and both gentlemen are now strong in their appreciation of the beautiful views they had. Although windy, the sky was clear, and they describe most appreciatively the panoramic sight presented to them. After the balloon had passed a considerable distance from Leeds, they saw an extensive agricultural district ahead, and here they resolved to drop. Mr. Schmidt took charge of the valve rope, and Mr. Croft or the grapnel. Both gentlemen find it difficult to describe exactly what occurred. By the increasing size of details in the landscape, the balloon appeared to descend when alarm long rapidity. Fortunately, it came down upon a wheat field. Almost before they knew it, the grapnel caught and the balloon, which Mr. Bramhall says must have come down almost like a parachute, lay apparently half-emptied of gas, and only bumping slightly upon the wheat crop, while the two thankful passengers stood once more on terra firma. They had come down at Brum ham, near Boston Spa. It was a quarter to 8 or fifty minutes from the time the balloon left Bradford, and the distance travelled was twenty-seven miles. Curiously enough, the farmer renting the field, who was quickly on the spot, complained that the aeronauts had chosen a wheatfield to alight Jo. They explained that they were amateurs adrift, and would pay compensation for any damage to the wheat. Some villagers soon arrived, and carried the balloon to the farm. Mr. Schmidt and Mr. Croft then (strive to Honour, on the North- eastern Railway, and telegraphed to Bradford. Before they both Mr. Bramhall, who had taken a second horse on the way, and Mr. Croft's son and his friend had the pleasure of coming up with the amateur aeronauts, and mutual and hearty congratulations passed. 