Fleeing from Johannesburg. GRAPHIC NARRATIVE OF A REFUGEE. A MELBOURNE LADY'S EXPERIENCE. The cabled details of the brutality and dishonesty of the Boers in their dealings with the British refugees from Johannes burg arc being confirmed by private letters now coming to hand by tbe mails. Airs. J. W, Parsons has received from her mother. Airs. Russell, a graphic account of the flight which, as a British resident of Johannesburg, she had to undertake during the last week which preceded the commencement of the war. Airs. Russell writes : — "" lam safe, as you may see, but I have had a terrible time — just such a time, indeed, :is one does not want twice in a lifetime. ' I left it late, trying to get my uioncy out of the bank, but as it was not ou " call.' I did not succeed, and tbe bank finally dosed down on it" Then, with only three days to go to the end of the notice to quit the town, I determined to get away. Of course, I had to let everything go, business, furniture, and all except a few jiersoiial belongings and clothes. I was glad to get away with my life, ami it w:ls certainly good luck which permitted me to reach British soil with out being robbed of the little money and few things which ! contrived to get away with. "" I bought my ticket (fust-class), at 8 o clock in the morning, mid at four in the afternoon was hustled, with a crowd of others — men. women and children — into an open rattle truck. Fortunately for me. my companions were nice jieople, most of them heing well-to-do business people who had been forced to leave their homes and business behind them. One gentleman told me. with the ghost of a smile, that he had left a brewery iu full going order, and full of stock We were a day and a half in the cattle trucks, almost wholly without food or water, and hustled about by Boers who carried loaded rifles. Coming to the end of the Boer line we found the railway broken up. and a gap of two miles between its terminus and the beginning of the line in British territory. We were peremptor ily ordered to clear off Boer soil, and the B'ocrs with their loaded rifles stood by to see no time was lost iu carry! tig out the orders. But before we were permitted to go wo were all searched, and no part of ouv clothing was 'missed. Everything over £19 was taken and kept by the Boers, and one gentleman known to have money was "accidentally " shot by a Boer official. While he lay bleeding on the ground he was robbed of £149. 1 escaped robbery. The Boer woman who searched me seemed to take pity on me I looked so ill. and her search was only a perfunc tory one. The. two , miles between tbe trams were rough, and it was impossible for most people weak and famished as they were to -carry their luggage across. Hence most of them abandoned their boxes and trunks, and the whole place was littered with a miscellaneous collec tion of packages and parcels. I did not relish losing mine, so 1 hired a Boer for £3 to carry it on his bullock waggon. The saddest thing about the whole hor rible journey was the experience of a young mother of twins, which were seven jiays old. She had to carry these chil dren in her Lp in the cattle truek for the whole of the day and night, and one soon died of exposure. There was no chance to bnry it. and before the poor mother could get opportunity she had carried the dead baby in her arms for nearly three days Another woman did the journey with an infant one day old. Women fainted all around, and meu had fits. It was horrible . horrible ' ! After reaching the British side we were better off. We had carriages, hut were, of course, overcrowded, and thns from Sunday to Thursday we had not taken our clothes off. aud were all of us stiff and sore and ill. I don't want any more such journeys. 