muesiiW" I. ' I- — MM mangm . GLEANED OUT A CIRCUS. Major Honry A. Newman broke into another of kiB characteristic d-.ories the lo«t time he wns in town, rays the " St. Louis . Republic/' This ia the way he told it, aqd ; thcro wore present half a dozen to voncn for its truthfulness. " Away back in '58 or '59 thore Uvod aa old fellow by the name of Sampter, who wns a neighbour of mine. He had been in the Creek war under Geo. Jackson, and ono of his rciutivos had been killed in tho mas nacre at Fort Minnas. He had a great and undying hatred of Indians, and was very bitter in his denunciation of thorn at all times. Ho was tall, iron-grey, aud well preserved for liis ago. He maao ' tubs, half-bushel measures, &e.;» and mado a mere living at this occupation. ' I gave the old man the title of ' General ' of which ho wus very proud. " Frank Perrine, a noighbour of mine, who t has since died, aud myself, opened our hearts and hands and agrood to 1 take tho GenonU ' to a circus at my town, HuntsvilJc, Mo. We purchased (he tickets and gayo him some odd change to buy lemonade. Tho 'Geucral,' Frank and myself took a lower seat. Now, the circus had a detachment of about, twenty Indians, who camo in with war pnint and feathers und danced the grcon corn, the ghost dance, and other Indian per fonnancey, and then performed a scalping scene. ' It was very realistic. A white woman rode into the ring with an Indian holding a tomahawk and sculping knifo in close pur suit. Round and rouud the ring they flew, the Indian gaining on the white maiden whose black hair hung in glossy waves down her back. She acted her part well, and was apparently much frightened. "Tlio Jmlian grubbca the woman and dragged her from the horse, threw her down, and rcnJpcd her. He held up the wig, all dripping with blood— Venetian red. A thrill of horror penetrated tho audience. Generak BumpLer's blood was up, and, before Sftank and myself could restrain him, rushed into the ring aud with Ins hickory stick felled the Indian to the ground. Tho remaining Indians closed around the 'General,' but his 'dander' was up. " Tho Indians commenced falling asleep under his repeated blows as fast as they did at the Horse Bboe/ Fraud: aud myself . rushed into the ring to bring tho ' General ' out, Tlieciowdwas yelling with delight, t hinking it part of the show. Above tho yells of tho combatants could bo heard the loud laugh of Forked Eyed Adams, a well-known character from the Chariton divide, who could laugh eo ioud tliat it was said it killed tho mosquitoes on the Chariton river a mile off. " As Frank grabbed the ' General ' a lug burly showman knocked him down. The old clown made at me. I was an athlete in those days. J lodged Iiim and gave him a right- huuder on tho nose and sent him out of the ring. At Unit moment an Indian struck -mo ovt?r I, ho head with a stuffed war clab and sent uic to the oawduut. The ' General ' sent him on top of mc with a club that waa not stuffed. Several of our friends rushed in to help us, but the darnod fool crowd yet believed it partof ihoKiiow.and wore enjoying it hugely. Forked Eyed, Adam's laugh wna heard above the war cries of tho Indians, and the old 4 General ' was yelling at the top of his voice, 'Hunoh for Gon. Jackson and Davy Cruefcai/ " i ihiaily goi hold of tho clown, and Frank grabbed lheGe»orni,ond matters were adjuhtod without actual murder bcrtng com mitted. Frank carried away a black eye ond I had a knot as big as a hanging bird's nest over iny right ear. The next year wo declined to take the ' General ' to the circus." 