BURKE OF THE "TIGRESS." The Major of Marines of H.M.S. Tigress sat in his cabin thinking. He thought of many things ; notably that Malta was the most benighted hole wherein a British officer might find htasolf " cabin'd. cribb'd, and confin'd" ; and that be must toertalnly win the ladies' Race at the) forthcoming gymkhana ; and last, but not Seast, that Cecilie Dane was the most be wildering and tantalising little girl that be Skid ever met within the whole course of h'B not unsuccessful free-lance career. She had arrived at Malta some six weeks Ago with a dear old maiden aunt, and al ready she had worked swift and deadly havoc amongst certain officers, naval and otherwise. Only yesterday he had heard her spoken of as " that little girl with the maddening eyes." And yet she was not <a flirt. She was capricious and most wayward, but she was alway3 tres «rande dame, and thoroughbred to the core. That was why he liked her. The Major of Marines had been totally unaware of the presence of Miss Dame in the island until some few days after her arrival, and then Seagrira, the second lieu tenant, who always made a point of being au fait of all new-comers, announced at mess that he had just been introduced to a charming little thing named Dane, who was staying at the Grand with an elderly person called Bruce. '.' Whalt name did you say ?" Inquired the major, bending forward, and hoping that none bad noticed the sudden gleam of his •yes. " Dane," reiterated Seagrlm : " Cecilie, the elderly person caHed her. Arrived he~e last Friday by the Oriental—«olng to «pend the season here. I believe. Hope she Is —looks «s though a good bit of fun could be got out of her. Half a mind to sport my luck." ° And here the gallant officer leaned back in his chair, and tried to look Impressive. eeagrtm was cordially detested by every one on hoard the Tigress. How he had contrived to enter the navy was a pro fessional mystery. Brains, he had none. He «nd the Major of Marines were at daggers drawn. He could not tolerate Burkes Intellectual superiority and dis dainful indifference ; besides, he had never forgotten the latter for once telling him that, unless be "loleared out," he would certainty Indu4«e in the pleasure of kicldDg bin. Therefore, if ever he could contra dict, disagree, or collide with Burk<\ whether on duty or otherwise, he would do so. 'But he (had never yet succeeded In getting a " rise" out of his antagonist, nor •it may be said to the major's credit, suf fered one either. . (Not even when he made the announce ment of his introduction to Cecilia Dane. For, noting Burkes teqtlry as to the name of lUa new acquaintance, he asked whether thtf -lady in question was a f riendv He was eosaMsnfbly surprised when the major an nounced that such was the ease. " Funny thing." said Seagrlm. ~ " *b* sever aaentiomed your name, although I told her that I was in the Tigress." ' " Perhaps she didn't choose to discuss Old friends with a chance new-comer ?" "Oh ! it's a case of old friends, is it V" ■was the sneering reply. " I wonder you have'nt called before this." " I'm going to to-morrow. Any more remarks ?" And the fine, blue eyes of Burk* looked «tralght Into the small, mean ones facing him. " Oh, lots; and one of them Is that I really feel Inclined to see more of the lady In question. She's the most decent thing in petticoats they've bad out here for a long time." Burke bit off the end of his cigar clranlv, savagely turned to a servant, and said. " Port, please" ; then, after^is glass was filled, he veered to his right, and talked to Ms neighbour, as rhough such a person as Seagrira of the TiprtM did not exist.; •nd Seagrim of the Tigress could have shot hhn. But when Burke found himself alone, ha could not sleep for the many thoughts and questions that crowded through nis brain. Cecilie in Malta! Cecilie, with whom he bad passed a few short, happy months —she who had appealed* to his fap^ilous refinement more than any woman us had ever met. Had she com* out to torment bim—to show him that, although he seetn- Ungly disdained her power, she was all powerful to bring tbe mad blood to <his ■dheek, the mad leap to' his pulse ? Oh ! how he loathed Seagrim—that pulpy mass of humanity who regarded the creature feminine with views as narrow as his oVn mean eyes. It wab certainly a queer world, and certainly he would have to punch Seagriim'B head. And then he let his thoughts wander back to Whe past—a past over which little hands had brcidered love's sweetest tapes try—a past that was made up of charmln* dances, delightful drives, and long, dreamy evenings at Henley. And now Cecilie was here ! Well, he would call on the morrow, and see how she welcomed him. Be called, and found her surrounded, as be had anticipated, by varions men, whoae oorlosity the report of her charms had doribtless piqued. Cecilie and tho Maior of Marines ex changed greetings with the utmost self possession. - Indeed, each was a little hurt at the other's calmness. MeanwhHe, he wondered at and admired intmeniely tho dwrtetfty with whloh she kept the ball of conversation rolling, and no man could flatter himself that he received a grain more attention than the other*. But In saying good-bye, Cecilie let her hand remain In his for the fraction of a minute. " Come again and see me booh," she said. " Every day. if you'll let me," had re sponded Burke, and styled himself an eager ass immediately after for giving himself away so easily. But ihe saw her daily during the ensuing month, with the result that he had hope lessly caved in, and was more than aver of the opinion that never had the powers above created such a " bewildering and tormenting little girl" «s Cecilia Dane. He had become terribly Jealous, too— jealous of everybody. Whether at ball or race or kettledrum. It was always the same old story. Cecilie was the favourite. At tost he could stand it no longer. He made a sort of compact with himself. If his pony won the Ladies' Bracelet in the forthcoming gymkhana that waa to tako place on the 16th, exactly two weeks hence, he would ask CeciTle to marry him. If not, Kismet! He know that ScOgrlm had also made up his mind to come off conqueror, ami that gave him a double incentive, if indeed he wanted any. *■ He would ask young Rawdon to tie his Jockey—"Curly," the gun-room called him J -~and, if-the little Ripper trotted Asthoie in. as.jib*-winner, he'd stand 'him a dinner — /* forty dinners'**"—anything, in fact. <Ife sent his servant to rout out Curly, and ton minutes later -a carroty heal of curls was thrust round hia cabin door, and Raw3nn's jolly freckled little fao© was j grinning a good-tempered inquiry. " Ome in. Curly," said 'the Major of Marines ; * " plank yourself on the bunk, < and tell me whether you tin Ink you could pull Astbore through for the Ladies' Race at the next gymkhana." " Blow me if I wouldn't have a Jolly good shot for it, Blr," was the delighted Teply. " Nothing I should like better than to ride her. Do you really mean It ?" " Never was more serious in my life. But, mind, none of your larks ! It must lbs real hard training, for you must win. What about your welgfht ?" "Oh, I'd soon boll myself down. A few day's banting, and I shall ■be as thin 'as a stokehold rat." f"TUer4% nothing much of you now, younker," said Burke, firing the hoy a kindly throat in the ribs. " But you're ' • terror to ride, Curley. If you succeed I'll—lll " " Invite me to your wedding, sir," said Curly, getting up and bouncing out of ihe door. " The little brat!" said the major, tug ging at bis moustache. Nevertheless ft* felt foolishly pleased at the idea: iHls wedding ! Plf ! However, he daily superintended Ourly's training, <and was fenced to admit that the little fellow had a clinking good seat, and that, if ail went square, no one else had a ghost of a chance. One afternoon Curly had come on board after «n hour's ride on the Marsa, and was surprised whan one of his chums told htm that "that pig-dog Seagrlm" had been asking for hhn. " Better go when you're shifted," continued the speaket, a middy famed for the elegance and force of his language, "or he'll be dropping on your collar tike a ton of brteks." Seagrlm was lying on his bunk reading when Curly entered his cabin. " That you, Carrots V he Inquired, with out budging. Curly snorted a reply. " Hear you're going to ride .Asthore Thurs day week. Think you'll win T" " Positively certain to," said Curly, plant, ing bis leg* apart, and thinking how he'd like to punch B—.grim on the nose. 11 Strange to say, I've got an Idea my man'H -whs. Hunt is almost as light a' weight as you we." , -.• ' "Almost!*' ■;"■•'•.. -"I pafMevlarly want io win this race," continues «*****■&, slowly;. "in tact, I'd give aaytMag io *se Wasp trot in firit." "That's how we feel about Asfhore," said Curly. " Rawdon," said Boagrim, suddenly lift ing himself on his elbow, and looking straight at the tittle chap before him, " I hear you're mad to get leave to go to Rome with the fellows who are off the weefc after next"*" " Nothing I should like better, but the oof won't run to it." " Well." said Curly's superior officer, bis small eyes fixing themselves unwaveringly on the boy's frank face, " if Asthore comes in second, you go. Saves ? Now, cut !" " Cut" Curly did, and arrived at the gun-room in such a slate of purple indig nation that sereral of his messmates began to pound him on the back, and make ten der inquiries as to the state of his intel lect. " I'm sick, you fellows—sick!" he said, sitting on the table, throwing his cap on 'the deck, and running his fingers through his curl* till they stood on end. " You know I'm jockey to the major's Asthore, and you also know the major's frightfully keen on winning the Ladles' (Race ?" " Oh, yes !" chorused balf->a«docan sig nificant voices. * " Seagrtm'a on the same game, it ap pears, and lie had the cheek to send- for me to tell me he'd find the dibs for the Rome trip, if I'd contrive to let Asthore come in second. What do you think of that ?" "The swatotaH !" said a solemn-faced middy ; " I'd like to flatten him out !" " What you've got to do. Curly, la to win," said another voice. w We'll feed yiu on skilly if necessary, jump on you—any thing ; butFeagrim mustn't give the La:ll.s' Bracelet away." " It's only spite," said Curly. "H? always wants to ' best' the major. He yaps round Miss Drane till I wonder Burke doesn't kiok him. I know I would." Curly said no more. But he banted, he rode, he walked, he 'bathed, till he suc ceeded in reducing himself to really alarm ing proportions. And when the day of the gymkhana arrived be looked a veritable sprat in his little jockey's rig, which was violet and white, Cecilie'6 favourite colur3. " You're ireaj'.y going to trot her in, aren't you, Curly ? I have a parti"ular reason for wishing you to be successful," said tao 'Major of Marines to Curly, who ihad come into .bia cabin <before startiDg ashore. " I know," eand Curly, with a oomprehen alve wink. 41 No you don't!" said the major ; " and don't wink, Curly ; it's immoral." ft was a Very cay and animated tscene that presented Itself at the Marsa a few hours later. The wom^n were in their smartest gowns, the men In their most irreproachable coats, and there was muakc and flirting, and the blue, blue afcy, and the pleasant flutter of excitement attendant on such ! occasions. Everybody thought tilmeelf a somebody, and every " somebody" another ! ■bodies nobody. It was very trivial and I very amusing, and in some cases quite pa thetic, thought Cecilie. And she wondered if it were always the same. When 'Major 'Burke made his appearance on the field she coloured faintly. " How do you do ?" she said, when he presently came to her. "Am I going to wear the Bracelet ?" "Do you want It ?" he asked, meeting her glance and holding it with the fire of his. "Of course I want it—l always mean what I say," putting up her sunshade and I twirling it a trifle nervously. "Do you ? So do I. I have one or I two things to say to you which I shall moat emphatically mean." " Suppose I dou't choose to listen ?" " But you will listen ! See, here come the ponies, and there is Curly sitting As thore like the pluckly little chap he Is." " Mr. Seagrlm says Wasp must win !" " Mr. Seagrim'B wants count as nil. Aa thore wins, and if Asthore wins, you must listen to me, and if you listen you must acoord, and if you accord, Cecilie, tflien I shall ...-. . Ah ! they're going to start." Cecilie and the Major of Marines pressed ' forward to the slight barrier that markfed ; the racecourse. > The girl's eyes shone ; her lovely tantalising little mouth had sud denly grown seriously sweet, and she be gan to pray that Asthore might win. Curly glanced in her . direction, and smiled. She smiled too, so radiantly and encouragingly that the boy felt nervous ness oozing away, and a hilarious sense of not oaring a brass farthing for anybody invading his little lean carcass. The next thing he knew was that they were off, Asthore leading in splendid style, closely followed by Wasp, the level thunder of whose hoofs made Cnrly grip his reins and tighten his lips with fierce resolve. On they sped—three of the six horses dropping out altogether. Suddenly Curly became oonsdious of a curious pain in his head, and everything he saw began to spin round in a mad whirl. He drove his knees Into his horse's flanks, and his breath came in quick gasps. "I'm never going to be bowled over." he groaned. And then Seagrlm's leering face seemed to rise and mock htm. He glanced over his shoulder. Wasp was gaining! He. (At his lip till the Mood came. He thought of Cecilia's smU«. Was that bi« white thing in the dls tanos the winning-post ? Oh. to stiok on for another two minutes ! He slashed at Asthore's nook, and made strange hoarse cries of encouragement. Then he heard a great clapping of hands, and the major's voioe crying, " Bravo, Curly !" and he knew no more. When he came to In the weighing-bouse, he found the major leaning over him. "At last!" said the latter, with a sigh of re lief. "What do you mean by giving us such a fright ?" " Starvation, major ; sheer starvation. Skilly for a week—lt knocks a convict over." "You're a thundering little ripper, and you shall go to the Rome trip after all. I heard of Seacrim's interesting piece of diplomacy, but he didn't know his boy. I do. Here, drink this," holding ouct • ■brandy and soda. " Bettor ? Think you can And your pinrs ? Miss Dane has told me to ask you to dinner to-night tf you're up to it." : "111.come If I crawl on all fours," taid : Curly, brightening. '■■ And then the Major of Marines went out to 'drive hi* ftoddMs b*ck tooths hotel. "Cadll»," nsjtsid, when they presently found themselves in th» great cool room facing :«h«" Palace square. "f**e won the, Bracelet, and I want to4alk bo<yoa of one of th» many thtearl promised." "That dear little Curly, what a brave show he mada !" answered CooiHe, trying to ignore his speech, but falling miserably. " I hope you ariked him to dinner," finger ing the violets at her breast, and feeling absurdly happy. "Yes, the little beggar came off with flying colours. If he had failed, I should not be here." -And why?" "Because I made a vow that If Asthore won I would tell you a secret that has been troubling me these many months. Perhaps you can guess it, dear ?" Cecilie shook her golden head. " I love you," said the Major of Marines, simply, " and I want you to marry me, Cecilie ; will you ?" But *he would, not speak. " Won't you answer me ?" he continued, drawing her to him. "If you tell me to go, I'll go. But I want to stay, to stay With you always. It's not much of -a life I have to offer you. booted from pillar to post as I am, but I'd make you happy. You shall never repent It." 'Then Cecilio lifted her deep brown eyes, and * gave Philip Burke such a look as a woman gives when, for her, tke right man ihaa come, and the Major of Marines knew that his fight was won. At a-quarter to 8 'that same night, Curly arrived at the Grand Hotel, and was wel comed right royally. Indeed, Co:ilie did sot know how to do enough to show her appreciation of Curly's victory. She even piled bis plate with chocolates, and bared fais ,fruit—acUiona Curly rather resented, as it savoured of the infantile. However, he had a " rat tling good time." as ho exposed It. When he said good-bye to Miss Dane, he looked at the Major of Jfrrrines. " Oh, I'm not coming yet," said (hat officer ; " and. now I think of it, I've a little piece of news that may interest you. No, I don't think ! I will tell you to-night," catching sight of 'the little freckled face, and reading un utterable things therein, "and I rrpeat. don't wlsk. Curly ; it's immoral."—Sophie Hart, in " Harmsworth." The area of the City of London Is 663 acres. There i? a creature known as the flag- Rsh, or myxlne, which ie In the habit of getting inside cod and similar fish and de vouring the interior until only the skin and the skeleton are left* 