Popular Superstitions. Several years ago the inmates of a small, respectable dwelling-house in Philadelphia discovered upon the whitewashed wall of one of the rooms the likeness of a human face, which faded and returned again. The neighbours came in to view the wonder. Other faces came and vanished. Crowds thronged the house and street, and accounts of the mystery were printed in the daily papers. It was to no purpose that scientific men insisted that the figures were caused by mouldy growths which came and went to dampness, and that the likeness to the human face-' was imaginary. The house was pronounced by the public to be haqnted, and the owner was unable to find a tenant for it for years. About the same time another mystery came to light in one of the mountain counties of Pennsylvania, and commanded pub lic attention. It was a pane of glass in the window of a farmhouse, in which appeared the face of a woman looking out. She could be seen only by a person standing outside at a certain angle. At first it was declared to be the ghost of a former ownffr, but when the pub lic took bold of the matter it was decided that each spectator saw a different ghost, that of the dead friend for whom he cared most. Many visitors made pilgrimages to inspect this defective pane of glass. Nor is it only the ignorant who are moved by these cheap mysteries. One of tlfe"Tnosfevstately mansions In Berkeley Square, in London, stood vacant for a long time because it was said to be haunted by ghosts, who appeared one at a time, night after night, in an attic window, with a single candle burning dimly beside them. It was explained that the house bad been left in the care of a crazy butler, who chose thus to exhibit the family portraits, one after another, to the public; but in spite of this explanation, the mansion could find no tenanvfeven among the educated class who cupied the houses of its grade,^ Many of us are superstitious and/\^ alert to find mysteries in unlucky numbers, in spilled salt or haunted houses. "There is a mystery behind each tree or stone or bit of matter —the power and wisdom of the Unknown; but we do not look for that. 