ECHOES AND RE- ECHOES. THE QUEEN'S BOUDOIR. (Overheard by Hugli Kalyptus.) Tier Majesty, having <juit<? .recovered from the loss of Honest Tom Playford, who bad got almost into a.s great favour as the Jate lamented -lolni Brown, whose kilts he endeavoured to till, «as seated in. Her boudoir darning Albert Edward's stockings, and teaching Dr. Cockburn how- to polish the Royal- Crown villi chamois leather. "Harry, come up, my gentle Cockburn, an thou dost .put the elbow grease into that crown passing well, but thou hast not the brawi'. And bigness of our Honest'Tom, neither dost ihou wear the kilt so imposingly, for by the Nines of Beckett, he was a proper man, and a huge withal, albeit somewhat elephantine in his movements. He did once tread upon Wales's corn, and W ales did swear in our roval presence. But thou ail assured of our favour, for art thou not a Seotehina.n?" •"•Deed, an' your Majesty, 1 am; but hoo old ye ken that "that 1 wasua English, forbye'f "Prithee, man, talk in English, for by my halidame, your Scotch savoureth muchly of the no nil oi the Torrcits. ^iow, tell me how behaveth my headstrong but loyal subject. Charies 1 "ameron Kingston; keepeth he still the "tiff upper lip, ;uid oppressc-tV. he still our Australian subjects with a h.ind like the hand of Magog? By my faith, we did feel much relief when he did leave our shores, and we know that Salisbury breathed more freely, for he haith the ambition of a Wolseley and the obstinacy of a Kruger." Dr. Cockburn confusedly blew his nose in the chamois leather as lie knelt on the lioor, and said, "An' it please your Majesty, lie hath advanced in some respects, for he informed my friend Kaiyptus that his caligraphy had so improved that he can read iiis own handwriting now, but. his politics are still of the Cromweliian order. He sailh in effect, "There is no Boss but Kingston, and Holder is liis 1'rophet.' " "'So! many, but - 'tis a masterful man. We like such sixteen thousand miles away. How fareth the H-wspital trouble?" "I fear me, my liege, that 'tis but smouldering. Kingston's advice to Napier andj Ramsay Smith was "Bank your fires and go. slow." " j "Hath he docile Ministers?" ; "Your Majesty, he hath; and, moreover, the Kingston Ministry have had the dev Pardon me, my Liege, I mean the deil's own luck, as -John Brown, was won't to say.'" And Cockburn, blushing, wiped his per spiring brow with the chamois leather. Her Majesty frowned, and (menacing him with the sceptre which lay beside lier) said, ".ifihn Brown always swore in Gaelic; an' then offendest like that again, I will score thee o'er the costard-with. 4his mine sceptre. Clean thou it." Cockburn took the sceptre, and abstractedly poked the lire with it. "How makest thou out that the Kingston Ministry have had the luck?"' "AJT it please your Gracious, millionaires and other men of substance have been dying like sheep during their term, of office, ajid the probaite and succession duties have been enormous."' ""Then, 'tis a wealthy Cabinet?" "Nay, my Liege, 'tis over head and ears in debt, nothwithstanding that they count out the pens, paper, and pins to the Civil servants, sack seven or eight every day, and . make one man do the work of three." "By the ghost of Shylock, but 'tis passing strange; how comes it they save not?" "So, please your Grace, when they do abolish one department, they create another; and what they make in probates the." spend in lawsuits." And Cockburn again poked up the fire with the sceptre, whereupon Her Majesty called him a clumsv loon, and commanded hi m to dance a Highland fling to see how Tom Mayford's kilts sat on liiin. The phila beg came down to liis shins, and the kilt hung like a shirt on a handspike; but Cockburn's irrepressible good humour and desire to please mollified Her Majesty, who said, "Thou hast done passing well; thou art dismissed: go to Wales for a cigar, and see us to-morrow." 