NOTES OF THE DAY.. "I newt have liberty Withal, aH large a charter as the wind. To blow on whom I please." —"AS YOU LIKE IT." Tho Emperor of Germany lias not, In a gonornl way, licen In evlilenco so much of late as for merly. But It must not bo supposed because ho hns left off producing patriotic poems anil myste- rious cartoons about the Coming Horror that tho civilised world's most activo monarch la becom ing a hack number. His attention hns been kept on local politics for tho last couplo of years, be cause tho struggle between tho military and So cialistic sections or Ills subjects has been going on with increasing vigor, and not to his liking. The Kaiser has all the faith of his fathers In maintaining and extending tho power of Ills country by armed force. So 1m wnnls more men with swords, more horses, more supplies (hail the working man and artisan classes of Germany see tit to furnish. He would like to sec Krupp's works going all tho time with three full shifts per day, and room still for expert big-gmi- makcrs; ho yearns to seo qulto a fleet of new warships being built simultaneously. Speaking at Hamburg last week, at. the launching of tho Charlemagne Ironclad, he declared Chut tho Fatherland had bitter need of a strong tleet to push her trade and Interests over-seas. Now, tt Is qulto truo that Germany wants new territory for tlio use of licr over- growing population qulto as badly as any oth.er country, and very much more urgently than Great Britain, whose huge colonics would still be lialf-cmpty after draining off her Increase of population for centuries to come, or than tho United States, which has begun grabbing Islands under false pretences. But tho Socialists are against taking rill.es on their shoulders and going over- sea to hunt for tho' re quired elbow room, and shoot anybody occupying it. who may not happen to have up-to-date wea pons, They contend that Germany need only defend her own territory, and learn to uso it wisoly. Colonisation should licglu at home, they believe. So tliey decline to build more warships or billet moro soldiers on tho nation, pending tho result of experiments they have under con sideration in regard to changed relationship be- Iw'ocn A, tho producer, who doesn't get a', chance to produco, B, tho monopolist, who doesn't give iiirn me chance without being well paid for It, arid C, th'o 'consumer, who quite frequently can't get half enough to consume. For good or for evil, tho mind of the multitude, in Germany' is moro intent upon far-reaciilng domestic changes than upon foreign' raid-making; and the multi tude grows, . The Loudon "Daily Mail" appears to ho moro' than satisfied by the success Lord Tennyson has achiovcd in governing South Australia on linos suggested by Captain Wellington. Tho chief feature of. tho new regime — the . major cause for congratulation— has been tho elevation of Bung to tho privilogo of lifting his elbow at tho' Government House sideboard. Formerly ho used' to do this only In his own bar,, or somebody else's. Brewers were on tho Government House list, but tho retail trade had riot been vice-rogally heard, of. Tho Mayor of Adelaide Is a brewer who also runs a hotol. Ho gave a gardon party, which Lord and Lady Tennyson attended, 'without ex plaining that they did so as guests of a brewer, but not as tlioso of a horrid publican. So it lias como to pass that everybody ' in South Australia who at the request — backed, of course, by cash — of a malnlenari'ce-man or a "swagglo" works tho beer pump so as to got the biggest possible per centage of froth on a long-sleover, has become emancipated Bung, other things being all right, may now mlnglo at Government House with the very nicest pobple lis has ever passed tho bottle to. And why not? If the brewer who makes tho stuff belongs to an honorable- caste which can bo recognised with the naked eye from the seats of tho mighty, what is'lherb about Bung's calling to render hint invisible? They are equally con cerned in making tholr foilow-mari as full as;a tick, for. a consideration. Tho modern system of distribution and specialisation of effort has divided what was formerly ono calling into two, that is all. And'unless thoy say In high tcm- pcranco circles what Is not absolutely true, many a publican still does a little browing In a modest way'on Ills own account, Mr. Chamberlain's drninatlc conclusion' to fcls reply to tho amendment moved' to ' the 'Axl'dress- In-Roply, "President Krugor had appealed to the God of Battles; Great Britain had accepted that appeal, believing that her quarroT was just," was sure to produce the "tempostuous'eheers" which followed. Any kind of stuff which is understood to mean tlio glorification of ono. side: and -the holding up of our end Is sure of such a reception just now. Tho painfullest metrical shoddy, cot to the most tuneless music faked up in haste for tho current market, and hoarsely bawled front tho variety stago, evokes yells of war-fever arid raoial exultation, in a time which lias/ forgotten "Recessional" at tho first blare of the trumpet. But passing over' the humbug of the inferenco in Mr. Cliatriborlain's speech that tlie God of Battles England is ' largely trusting to is other than a modem Moloch fashioned of lyddite, tho dog- meanness of placing tlie direct responsibility for bloodshed ' oi ' Krugor should have been hoot ed. Tho position Is porfectly clear and unmis takable. The greatest 'Power on earth failed to make terms peaceably with a very small Power,' which, In some' respects at least, was in the wrong. Therb was no chance of agreement being reached, arid the big Power began To sharpen Its bayonets and "sort but its duni-dums arid penoil- slinped projectiles, and send its tens of thousands' of armed lighters to hem In the small Power. For the Boers who; did not mean to grant what was oslced; tlio alternative' was between lighting when they had the ghost of a ohanco of winning initial engagements or waiting till there wasn't oven that boforo they started. And hero wo have Mr. Ohambcrlain, who set. the hosts of. death matching on him at a q'uic'k-stbp,1' reproachfully charging Krugor with having llred. tho first shot. OnThe technical point this, is so, but tliat doesn't alter the main truth. Thero is a miserabib row; In progress at the present tlmo among the Peculiar People of Lon don, a section of whom have grown very tired of -coming into violent collision with the polleo and doing time, in dofonco of their faith. Many havo boon called to tlio Old Bailey and other loss notable temples of statutory Justice of late, and som'o havo been chosen for punishment because of a loo rigid adherence of the tenets of Christianity. Th.e original body of these believers hold that the faith which could movo mountains was enough to mend a broken leg, or prevent tlio contagion of typhoid. So they would uot send for a legally qualified medical practitioner when their children hecamo ill, but just offered tho most sincere of prayers and trusted entirely that whatever came to pass would bo of tho Divine will. The statis tical result Is that a larger percentage of their offspring than of thoso of other religious de nominations have died, and tho Law lias had Us unpleasant say with tho parents. Tho other day It was discovered by tho stern lenders of tho sect that ono of them — an elder, too — had lapsed. Threo of his children wero 111, anil after watting till ono was at tho verge of death h.e called In a doctor .who carao too late. The council of the Peculiar People hns east forth this elder, who hns gathered around him others and formed a sub-sect, who declare that faith-healing Is bosh, and who swear by the doctor anil the uurso and the chemist and druggist; also patent medicines and herbal remedies. The Peculiar People havo censed to become peculiar among sects by having a rosoundlng row among themselves. Whenever a Police Commission gets fairly to work, it brings to light a good deal tbnt hns not been known about guardians of the peace and tholr little ways of keeping business allvo and getting stripes. Even without a commission we get occasional disquieting revelations like that of the Melbourne dctectlvo caso of a tow months since, Hut tho evidence given before th.e Bris bane Commission the other day by the local watchhouso-kccper goes beyond anything of tbo sort that we have grown used to. The glaring fact that after months of work tho whole police force of Queensland failed to throw the faintest ray of light on the Gatton tragedy, anil certain obvious bungllngs In that connection, warranted nil inquiry which shows the police to be working against one another to a considerable extent. But the statement made by the wnlehliouse- kuepcr In question, that two of them had tried to induco 11 prisoner to swear that Wilson hail con fessed himself guilty of the Oxley murder, and that ho feared to say so, knowing It would mean his dismissal. Is starlllng. It Bhows that either the maker of the statement or somo other mem- bers of tho Qucenslanu police lorra ai i-- to bo at large, - NIEMAND. ' 