MiqstM If^^lrtjr-Eiiter- Very unfavO£gh^ ~ weather greeted the benefit entereBtiijaeiit given in the Bowral School w Arts on" Thursday night ia<*t Ia?t hy By the Federal itederar Minstrel Troupe, in aid bT the funds of the u T> L , . £ , „ Berrima l^uiuin Distriet®feduce 1/J0U IVV>X1VUUV6 Stall. OUI1I. 1>01 Not only was the night dark, wet and cold, but the rain which bad fallen for some days previously rendered the streets and roads in sach a sloppy state that out-door recreation.was anything hut pleasant — even — fafe * ' townspeople, while those living at a Jittle distance from town would not be tempted out even by - the p ospseg of hearing. a good " nigger" perfojj^nce. Despite all drawbacks of "wind and weither," however, tlere iiHij^a large and appre ciat.ive audience present, who testified their approval ofMhe vatious items by frequent enoores. : ai>d liberal applause. A first-class programme wns submitted, includiugpmany of the lest songs given at tjie previous perform ances, together with a number of fresh songs, jokes, ete., and the effect of the continued rehear&ajs; of the troupe was evidenced by a^'aoticeable all-round improvementi. -Pi^king by their experience on th&' last occasion, the " gags " in the'ffiratfpftr't were not too lavishly distii ,utfd, while those given were mostly good and laughable, keeping those present:in a constant ripple of merriment. Mr. Dave Jack again shone out conspicuously in his various parts, and secured hearty applause. In the first part he <vas encored for his contribution Dere's a lock on de hen coop door,"' and made a great "hit" with the tongue twisting response " The wild man from Woolloomooloa." For the pKntation song and dance, " Alabama," he also had to " come back," and the audience was so taken with " B-e a-u-t-i-f u 1" that another undeniable encore was demanded, and he Tecited (by special request) " Maloney's Cat." When it is also mentiou&d; that Mr. Jack " scored " in his part of " Charlie's Silly Brother" in the finale of the first part, and as the judge in the concluding farce, " Irish Justice," it will be seen that be carrifd out the lion's share of tto^programme to the entire satisfaction of the audience. Mr. Geo. Price has made such rapid strides of late as a vocalist that he has become a favorite with everybody, and is almost invariably greeted with an encore—which is always well merited. His two numbers—Down by the deep sad sea " and " Sleeping Camp " —were each eneored, the last verse being repeated in the first instance, while " A hundred fathoms deep" was given in th» second. Mr. M'lntyre—a visitor who assisted the troupe —was also popbfer with the audience, and was accorded an encore on each occasion ; while Mr. Harry Dyer (who made.his debut before a Bowral audience, being asked at the last minute to take Mr. E. Stokes' place on the programme^ was g^s^^atteringreception and heartily On^bfed. TWr. J. HogaD, although suffering from a cold, sang well, and was deservedly recalled for his item in the second part. Messrs. E. and-g.. Poole rattled the boues well; Messrs. Dave Jack and H. Stuart-Kerr had charge of the tam bos, and Mr. E. 'Johnston was at home in his usual position of interlocutor. Mr. G. fe. Vincent made an efficient accompanist, and played the overtures in each, part. The opening chorus " Heather Bell " was sung by the company, and the following programme was gone through : —Duet, " Larboard Watfh," Messrs. Dave Jack and Geo. Price ; comic soug, " Duca-Duca," Mr. E. Poole ; " The song that reached my heart" (with last verse repeated'for an encore), Mr. H. G. Dyer ; comic song, " Johnny get your gun," Mr. Hi. Poole ; " Down by the deep sad sea " (last verse repeated); Mr. Geo. t Price rito ;, comic uuiinc song, sung, "•• uere Dere' s a lock on de hen coop door," Mr. Dave fi.t . ., ,* Jack, who gave ,f The wild man from Weolloomooloo " in response to an encore ; " The village queen," Mr. J. Hogun ; comic song, "John Maloney," Mr. M'lDtyre, with an amusing recitation, " A dream," for an encore t .- number. Apologies weie made for Messrs. E. Stokes, H. Stuart-Rerr, and H. Fitzgibbon, whose names appeared on the progiamme. The first part conclud d with the laughable finale, " Charlie's) Silly Brother," in which the parts were well taken by Messrs. E. Johnston (Charlie), Dave Jack V(silly J brother), and G. Price (ghost). — t J ' ' ^ ^ T r - ^ T ^ : ~° Ver - M r U ^ V >' Ceiit; comic song, „ Down among '— the coal," Mr. ^ The J ^ ^ g camp," Mr. Geo. J TL • .1 --• Price, who gave A hundred fathoniB deep " for an encore; plantation song and dance, " Alabama," Mr. Dave Jack, with ccinic_song " B-e-a-u-t-if u-1 " and recitation " Maloney's cat " double encore; " Just tell them , ? ou saw me (' aat ver se repeated) J- Hogan v, ; comic songs " Branni, Rmm.i. gan's Band " and " The Tipperary christening" (as an encore), Mr. M'Intyre. The programme concluded with the butt on-bursting fat&e; " Irish Justice " (given by special request), in which the parts were well sustained by the following :—Judge (introducing his comic Irish song, " How can thpy tell I'm Irish"), Mr. Dave Jack ; lawyer, Mr. Johnston ; Constable Higgins, Mr. Stuart-Kerr; clerk of court, Mr. J, Lindsay ; Paddy Riley, Mr. M'Intyre ; sheep stealer, Mr. iGeo. Price; Lord Augustus Contoply Walker, Mr. H. G. Dyer ; Philip Pfll, Mr. Geo. Jones ; Bridget Fegnn, Mr^ j. Hogan. Mr. F. B Kyngdon, on behalf of the committee of th* Berrima District Produce Stall, thanked the audience for their attendance ; the Federal Minstrel Troupe for their generosity in giving the entertainment ; and Mr. Geo. E Vincent Jot coming from Mittagong to act a? accompanist. Ho ! - Hosiery of all kinds and best makes a specialty at Rutherford's Bowral. 