Brisbane-street Congreg onal Church. FAREWELL SERMONS BY TEH REV. JOSEPH WALKER.I Tew Re. Joseph Walker, wbo, in oonse qcouee of a contemplated visit to England and America extending over some time, has re lsigned his position as pastor of the Brisbano street Congregational Churbch, preached his fiebwell sermons on Sunday last. There were 4twdead congregations at both services, and the remarks of the rev. gentleman were listened to ary attentively. varing read the lesson at the morning ser vice, Mr. Walker said : " I have been wondering what shall be my last text to the young friends who have been so good to me. I have resolved to pot two short Biblical passages together. They will read thus, ' Looking unto Jesus, Who loved me and gave Himself for me.' Why, you have the whole Gospel there. Will you, dear yog people, just take those texts, and write hem on a pleee o paper; and put them at the beginning of your Bible ? And as you read them from time to time, and remember the oircum tsanee under which I have given them to you, they will bmrebably help you to Jesus, where you -ill-find the rliheet treasures that even the reat God,our Father, can poasibly give. Good bless you." Subsequently, and just prior to announci?og his text for the sermon proper, the rev. gentle. man, addressing the large assemblage before hilm, spoke thus: "I am sorry that I have not ben able to visit all my friends, but I have oi prrevented from doling so partly owing to fay not being well andpartly owing to the mul tlplieity of Church and other duties to which I hive had to attend. And, now that I have nome to the end of my ministry, Ido not think thht I oonld have stood the work of visiting. I did not think that I was so deeplyrooted in the Iffeotions of the people of Ipswich as the last few weeks appear to show. Candidly, I did not thihk that I had a very strong hold on the eongregition of this Church, and I have wept before God many times beonuse of that The doings of the last few weeks have in a great measure broken that oloihd, and your kindness has been ve?r wonderful to me. It is 14 years this morning slnoe I met Mr. U.. . Sott at the Ipewich railway station, and went to his home, where I had a very agreeable time with him. To-day I complete 39 years of a happy ninleteril career. They have been years of ex?eptional goodness to me on the part of God. Youn people of Ipiwleh have been particoularly kind to me. Your farewell meeting on Tusoday 4vpnlog last almost oompletely broke me down. It wa a magnifleent gathering. Then friends have been coming .to see us all the week, and some oame, I am sorry to say, when w: were away from home. Mooh kindness byas. bpn extended to us from all sides, ,eceding anything whihob I ever experepeienced before. Your publio farewell eclipsed even that sxtended to me at Ballarat, magnifioent a it was. Last night my cop of joy seemed to run over when, about 9 o'elock, a large nom he of the members. of the choir came to the _-,onage, in t.ihe kindniess nnd goodness of hdr hearts, to give me a memento of their j.od will towards me which I might carry with me. Obd bless you, dpar frlepde. oie?deep in my heart's afoteionos, sandW' it ells and I read and fray together wvnrevr we wander, there will never be a day that we shall not pray for you and your minis tsr, that God may very richly blesae yo." Mr. Walker chose as hie text passages from 1st Thessalonlans. ' I had thought at one time:'" e said, " in this servioe to review our work during the past 14 years; but, on second thoughts, I ald-the reoord of that work is with God, and we may well leave It there until wetre confroned with it, when we stand before m?." ,Inthe course of his subsegquent re. marks the rev. gentleman observed that they bd roead the epletles of Paul to verylittle por s if they had not seen how deeply the ,ielas w interested in the spiritual welfare of those whom he had been the means of lead. Ing to Christ. Gifts, however great and bril Dent, were of very little use in the spiritual spnsre unless they were made efiective by Divrine grace and the power of the Holy Ghost. Sympathy with, and services for, others were ~eim ala conditions of the highest growth In thospiritoal life. Paylog for otherse did two thinge - it powerfully affeeted those who prne, as they would be inspired to live nen strive so that those for whom they playd uight be brought to God. Moreover, paying tsr others would bring down Divine infense upon thoseeor whom we prayed, The greatest servie they could render one another was to? for eaoh other. Let them strive end pry that they might have the same spirit and feeling that Christ behad in relation to every thing that was contrary to the will of God. *" Noir, let me speak a few oonelading words," wemarked the rev. gentemsnuan. "LIshall olose to. _a'n important time in my Ilife. It will be l-ears, next Sunday, sinose I first steood here in churech. In these days that is a long period a man's life. It is soearpely known, outside own family, that overtures have been made 4neto go to Western Australia, back again to -' a of the Churobes in Melbourne, and also to k the oversight of a Ohurobh in New South ales. Three times euch overtures have been to me during these past 14 years. When Soffers were made my duty seemed to be h stay here without consulting anyone but the eter. That is the reason why even thebs us, with whom Ihave been on confidential , never knew of my having received these S otures. I have etayed or, preaohing in the beet way I oonld the gospel of the Lord Jesus, -s oing -your children, visiting your elok, marging many of yeoa, and also burying many -yeer loved onee. And now, as I am elosing cy nipistry, let me urge you to be true to God, end tat will really mean being true to the best that is in yon, and being true to everything and sisnybhdy besides. Keep clone to the Master. lnen ibt me ask ion to be faitbhful to this Church, whih you have made your spiritual -home. Let its welfare be very near to your hearts. Membership implies obligations to the Church ad ito your fellow- members whibh can not be negleoed with impunity. You cannot soflI these obligations without receiving a rioh blessing yopreelves. Pray for the pros. ?rlty of the Church, and in every possible way work for its prosperity. Do not let any bo-y in your prsenoe speak disparagingly of Lour Church, its minister, its olinere, or mtaiembers; and,,pardon me, dear friends, if Iflay do not be guilty of sucnh a sin yourselves. Strive to be intereetedin everything that affeots the Ohurab, sot forgetting its week-night ser vices. You harp great responsibilities in con aeetion with the work ofl-this Churh and luonday- ehool. In some things God has given you the very beet. May He soon send you a sbetter pastor than the departing one, and give you everything that is good for you in Christ our Lord. My pr&yer; for the unsaved ones is that they may soon be led to the feet of Jesus. Neow, God bless you. Will yon pray for me that I may be made a more uesful minister? Isnell,probably, during the next 18 months, eesik and preach to more fresh people thauI hive spoken to during the last 20 years. Arrangements are already made for months ahead fuor me to visit plises and speak. May Ibrve power to speak so that Christ may be glorified and others blest. pray for you that every blessing He scan give may be given, and that at last we may all meet in the better land. God bless you." At the eveninlg serviee the sacred edifice was crowded to the doors. At the conolusieon of the preliminary devotione, Mr. Walker, ad dressing the congregation, spoke thus: "I feel, dearfriends, that in this servioe,'closing as I do 14 years as your pastor, I am putting my fuinger on the last page of a very important ahapter in my life. The years that I have spent with youn have been, on the whole, very happy ones. The only regret I have is that my ? ministrations have not been more effeotive end.more sooessefuL Perhaps some of you have been drawn to this servioe by the unique esomstanoees under which we are gathered together-to hear me preach before passing away from yourpresence for a time-and I feel that I san best serve you, and, perhaps, best serve the blMaster, if I try to let myself sink into the back-grouod and exalt Jesus Christ, jmy Saviour, my Lord, my all, as the onse BSavionr of esinful men; and it in with this convlotion and this feeling that I invite yeou to a brief consideratlon nf some of the most familiar and wonderful words in the New Testament." The rev. gentleman then announced as his text tjt. John iii., 16-" For God so loved the world, that He gave his only begotten Bon, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life." In the course of an address that was charaster iled by meoh earnestness the preacher em phasised the feat that God's love for man kind was immeasurable, unfathomable. He related some striking instanoes of the sell sacrifle which had been made, and the in tense sufftering endured, by men and women as the outoome of the love which they had for others, and remarked that even such love as that was nothing compared with the great love which God had for sinful humanity. In con olusion the preasoher said: "For over 40 years Christ has been my Sariour-the joy and brightness and blessing of my life. My last duty to you in Ipswich I to recommend that Savionr. What He has been to me, far, far more He wants to be to you. e o is saytng to night through this servoe ' Seek yoe my faoe.' If yenou have not done so, will yenou not respond to-night, and sa'Thy Thy face, Lord, will we seek ?' My ministry is closed. My message, I feel, has beeoon but imperfeotly given. I have not spoken as I would like to have done. May God bless the mesoage and bless yon--crown you all with the benediction of His love-and may we all meet at last in the better home. Amen." After the pronounooing of the benediotion, theo hoir and congregation sang very eyoppa thetically "God be with you till we meet again." It may be mentioned that the Rev. Joseph Walker will leave Ipswich by the 9-15 o'clock train this morning. 