A CHINESE CHARTER PARTY. CHAPTER I.—A Grim Consignment. By JOHN ARTHUR BARRY, Author of "Steve Brown's Bunyip," "In the Great Deep." &c.; "I've got a charter for the Daphne at last," said Staunton, "I want a chief mate. What d'ye say, Ned, will you come along for a trip? I don't think this mining business of yours is any too brisk, eh ?" I wm sitting in my little office in Castlereagh street, Sydney, when my old friend and fellow shipmate of day* gone by abruptly entered with his news. Twelve months before this I V%*d " given the sea best," and knowing some thing"b( mining and minerals had pat up my jlbjngle and determined to try and make a living ashore. And with soon pcor results that in addition to being, as the legend on the entrance declared, a " mining broker," I was also pretty nearly a finanoial one in the slang aooeptanoe of the term. Hick, too, I was of the duet and eternal racket of (rams and 'buses, and the mongrel life of second-rate restaurants and boarding-houses. Indeed, that very morning I had been seriously con sidering whether it would not be desirable to take up my old profession again, poor one as it was. Thus Siauoton found me in the proper humour. " Where are you off to ?" I asked as banging the door of the den we adjourned to the Metropole in search of a eonple of the Manhat tan cocktails for wbioh that house is noted. " Ghiua first," he replied, " and thon any where, dinoe I've had the schooner messing round this coast I've hardly oleared tuoker and wages with her. And I don't mean to return in a hurry if there's anything at all to be found out yonder. Kong Mow and Co., Lower George street, are the people who've taken her up. I thought once I'd go a long way before I'd work for Chowa. But needs must, and their prioe is about ten times Sydney rates. So I closed. They're slinging cargo aboard now in a great style—asndslwood, trepang, and other rubbish, well, what d'ye say, old ohap ? Is it a deal?" " Com* like a shot," I replied. " Just give me time to sell my two ohairs, table, and letter copy press and I'm with you, up to the neck. Damn a oity life; I'm lull of it!" Staunton laughed aud shook his head a* he replied: "All very Ane, but if we had a thou sand a year, or even five hundred, we'd sing a a different song, I expect." In twenty-four hours I had assumed my doty as mate of the big topsail schooner w,bieh had been Staunton's home for the last three or four years. A fine boat she was, too—flush fore and aft; heavily sparred with double top sail and topgallant yards, and masts whose after rake well set off her dipper bows, sheer ing away to a counter like a yacht's. She was Baltimore-built, and Htaunton had. bought her for a song off the rooks of Gape Bowling green when Bhe was expected to go to pieces every tide. The Barnabas 8. brown was the most fitting name her late owners bad appar ently been able to find for the beautiful fabric the builders had planned with loving care of graceful lines. And 9tannton's first proceed ing had been to have her reehristened. Bhe was of a little under three hundred tons, and known around the Australian coast and East Indian seas as a " flier." Kong Mow and Co. had a supercargo on board, and I had* nothing to do wiih the lading, whioh oonsistod, ai Siaanton had aaid, mostly of beehc-de-mer from the Boakh 88a Islands, and sandalwood from Western Australia. Bat presently that was all stowed; and then arrived hundreds of wooden boxes—averaging, the largest of them, some six feet long by three deep—that the lumpen regarded suspiciously, and sniffed at, and spat as they handled. Some were made roughly of pine, others more elabo rately of hardwood, with brass clamps at the oorners. And all bore an inscription in strag gling blaok and ted Obinese characters. "What's in those eases?" I asked of the supercargo as he stood at the hatchway rapidly noting details in a pocket-book. He was a short, slim Chinese, apparently yonng, and with a full, smooth, yellow faos, out of which stared inscrutable, long, black, opaque eyes. His dress, from the silk pugga reed Panama on his head, stiff white shirt, gold-studded, and running into the crimson cummerbund at his waist, down to his small yellow boots, proclaimed him something of a dandy, whilst his English was as faultless as his attire. 41 Property for which its owners- have no further use, and is therefore being sent home," he replied with a grin that showed a set of teeth gleaming white under a little bristly moustache. "Manifested~as 'Chinese Bern nants,' Mr. Mate. And I can recommend them as good cargo. Mot very lively, perhaps; ■tall a long, way before brick, or salt, or rail way iron." rAnd he grinned again. 14 Some by Chinee stinkin* rubbish ~or other," muttered a man close by, stopping to hawk and clear biß throat, " I got a whiff of it just .then as near ohoked me. Smells like like—why, for all the world like a bloomin' boilin'-down faet'ry." 44 Oh, it does, does it, my man ?" grinned Mr. AhChong.beokoningto the stevedore in charge, 14 Then don't bother about stopping to inhale it any longer. Tour nose and your pocket are evidently at war." And presently, as I noticed the fellow tradg ing off along the wharf with his ooat spread over his shoulders, I suddenly became aware that a few minutes ago he and I were both em ployee* of the one firm, and that it behoved me to mind my own P's and Q's. All the same, there seemed something humiliating in the business—thie new aspect of it, 1 mean, showing that in a Christian land, with its Aliens Hestrietion Bill in foil force, Yellow should still have the power to sack White at a moment's notice. "No," agreed Staunton, "it does rub the fur on a fellow the wrong way. Bui it can't be helped. There's twenty shillings to Kong Mow's pound; and as regards stores and stuff the firm U liberality itself. And wages! What white shipowner, d'ye think, at this time o' day'd give the mate of a aohooner like the Daphne fifteen pounds a month? And aa for mybelf, why, what with charter money and wages oombined, I stand to make quite a deoent thing oat of it. All I've got to do is to sail the ship. That fellow Ah Gnong's got to come along and look after the cargo, about which I know nothing. In fact, it's the rosiest billet I'?e come across for many a long year." Bat just before we sailed, and as the hatches were being fastened down, Staunton came on board in a different temper, and calling me into the saloon began to swear and laugh at the same time. "What d'ye think, Harvey?" said he. " we're full up with dead men—two hundred and fifty, no less! And there's another one to come—a regular howling bobby- dassler of a skeleton. Most have a berth all to himself, if ?ou please. Hot that I care a damn! But if the men get to hear'of such company they'll clear out o' the Daphne like so many red shanks. Think I'm tight, I suppose," be continued, seeing my expression of bewilder ment, " but you're wrong, old man. Too ought to know me better than that I Tell you how it was. I was up at our precious owners' just now-r-yoa know the place, a rookery with three big China jars in the window, and inside a fine assorted stink of rotien fruit, and opium, and dried fish, and camphor, and Chinkies. So presently old Kong himself came along, rub bing his hands and glaring through his goggle horn, specs, and told me about this gilt edged skeleton passenger, who is, or rather was, of all people, a Japanese dignitary or noble of some kind. It seems that years ago he came over sort of taeog.,died, and wan duly buried. Mow his family want his bones, and as a pure mat ter of business our firm procured them, and for "a' certain sum have agreed to deliver them safe at Yokohama. Well, I rather demurred at taking luggage of that description into the cabin here, and suggested stowing it away below. Bet the old Chow shook his head. " • Mo can do,' said he. * All Chinaman down there. Japan man no likee. Be wan tee alone. B'poee put 'em togedder fightee like hell.' •••What do you mean?' I naturally asked. 'There's no Chinamen on the Daphne, ex cept Ah Chong, that I know of.' " The old raioal grinned more than ever, and I could hear the olerks sniggering at their desks as he replied,' Oh, yes, two hundred and feefty all go back 'long-same home. All-li, Captin; no makee noise. Welly quiet now. No singee, no talkee.' ••Just then," continued Staunton, " who should oome in but my beautiful Ah Cbong, and when he saw that bis boss had let the eat out of the bag he soon explained matters. It seems, Harvey, that Chinese can't rest out 01 their own country. And thus, at some time or another, each one who dies and is buned expects, and hopes that, eventually, his bones will repose under the soil of his native land. The remains of those who can afford it are sent aa soon as possible—that is, as soon as the flesh has parted from the frame and the skeleton is left. But in the case of the poor it may be years before some of their charitable brethren dig them op and snip them oversea. Sooner or later, however, almost surely their turn comes, whether buried in city cemetery or in the heart of the wild bush, a thousand miles up country. Kong Mow and Co., it appears, hold the sole forwarding agency of this business lor Australia, and at long in tervals despatch a shipment similar to the one we have on- board." ••Mow I know where that curious odour comes from tbat pervades the vessel !" I exclaimed. •• Pah 1 it's enough to tarn one sick! No wonder the lumpen smelled fcrat.' •• A Chinaman more like t" pot in BUanton; •• and when we get hit Japanese lordtbip in her the variety ought to be enough for any average note. However, it's too late to back down now. If they were the bones of dead devils instead of dead Ohinkies I'd take 'em at the prioe. One hundred pounds is the stun the Jap's relatives give on delivery, and Kong offered it to me as a private venture if I liked to run round to Yoko. with him, promising, be sides, a freight from there down to Singapore. My agreement is to deliver cargo at Hong kong, Amoy, Foo-ohow, and Shanghai; and if we have any luck at all I'll put another fiver a month on to your screw out of my own pocket. So don't look so glum. Not a soul'll know anything about the bones except your self, and me, and Ah Ohong, who, I suppose, '11 have to live in here and mess with as. Good job he's civilised—at any rate, skin deep 1" CHAPTER ll.—i lie Daphne's Bulkhead Breaks. An boor or two later a covered spring-cart drove alongside with a long box of much the tame oblong shape as those other ones in the bold. In this ease, however, it was composed of some very light thick wood lacquered all over a fine, smooth, brilliant red, upon which shone many emblems and characters in gilt. Amongst them appeared those of a stork standing upon a tortoise, vases, sprays of flowers, and a couple of elephants, besides much ligiag writing—all very fine and glittery, and doubtless setting forth the titles and virtues of the deceased, much as does the Christian coffin- plate. At each end of the box, too, wen gilt handles by whioh to carry it. It was light enoogh, and a eoaple of men toon had it stowed away in the spare berth next my own. "Now that's a decent turnout," remarked Staunton. " I can't say I care about a cargo of 'em like we've got below, but to a swell, hermetically aealed-up passenger like that I Daren't any objection." The seoond mate was a nioe, gentlemanly BITS OF NATURE. RAPIDS ON THE UPPER BLOOMFIKLD, NORTH QUEENSLAND. (Faeces, by D. Msefarlane. ON STATION CRREK, CROTDON. young fallow called Notes, quite a big ship ibm, and vary obviously at a lon for awhile on the Daphne. We bad cleared the Heade of Port Jackson, act the watches, and got every thing licked into chape fore and alt, when Noyce, who bad been having his tea, came on deck, and presently remarked that one essen tial difference he found between big and small ■hips was the stuffy odour below. I could hear Staunton, standing close by, snigger at this as he answered, " Oh, you'll soon get uaed to the 'ancient and fish-like smell'—sandalwood and trepang mixed gives a true Chinese bouquet" "Umph," said Noyce, considerably more •• hot" in his random guess than one would have imagined possible, "if I were asked I should define it as Chinese enamel house, and a pretty fresh one at that." And when I presently went below I thoroughly endorsed his diagnosis, for the .wind, was ahead and the cabin full of an unmistakable odour of corruption coming through from the hold. Very evidently some of our freights' bones were yet "green." It was not pleasant, and more than once as I turned uneasily in my bank I cursed the heathen faddists who oould not rest in peace where they had been planted, but must c'en have their rotting remnants distorbcd,*and, for the sake of a mere foolish sentiment, made the means of annoying people. Ah Ohong, too, as waa only perhaps natural to such a specimen of Mew China, scoffed at the notion, and, without prejudice, openly damned the ancestral flavour which refused to be combated by pastilles or Florida water. The supercargo was a capital and advanced tribote to the missionary enterprise that had snatched him as a child brand from the burning, educated and bred him to the teacte of tne Christian faith, all at immense expenee; and with th« result of producing a cynical and Mini-culutred, yet, m will be seen, bold and daring, individuality that jeered equally at Christ and at Oonfuoiut. After the first night below, and especially as . the Daphne began to make no thing and beat, most of us slept on deck. The men for'ard, we saw, did the name. And amongst these there was much growling, which was not to be wondered at, seeing that in the poky fore castle, separated only by a thin bulkhead from the coffins piled up against it, the odour must have been terrific " Well," I heard one man say to his mate, " if tnat there smell belongs to them sea-slugs an 1 rubbiteh, it's my last trip along wi* the likes ov 'em. A good honest stink like guannar or phospheu I don't mind; but an howdaeious, bignmioded, bullyio' stink, like this 'an, as gits into a man's tucker an' then tollers it inter his mouth an' down his throat inter his belly an' stops there is simply hell!" "That's so. Bill," replied the other. "I've worked among guaoner, an' bean shipmates wi' tans ov it; so* I've work at kemikil faet'nee, #n* tannin' faet'ries, an* got aetshilly to like the smell ov 'em. But aoytoin' so constant an' aggrawatio' aa the stink puroeedin' from the ncrtiokiorly rotten lot o' goods in this 'ooker'a r old knocks me fair bandy." We had, as we thought, a particularly good lot of men; aodVae they were well fed and wall treated, the growling never, for a time, got be-aft the foremast, or at most the galley door, where the watch would eometimes stand and soiff and beg of the cook with much terse salt* water profanity to keep all high-elaae seasoning ott of his work, as such luxuries didn't agree with poor sailors. "Just as well they don't know," remarked Btaunton. " Where ignorance is bliss, Ac., meets this case, anyhow. No, of course, they couldn't clear just at present, but they might eat up rough, and make matters unpleasant for us. And to tell the truth, Ah Ohong, I'm getting a bit surfeited myself with breathing and smelling this open graveyard sort of aroma that seems to encompass us day and night, Mow high, Mow low. Hang it, we'll never get the Daphne aweet again I She's thoroughly soaked in it, so to apeak." Aa Ohong grinned as he deftly rolled a ciga rette between lithe brown fingers and replied, " This la the second trip I've made with it. The first lot, though, were more ssasoned. These are too new some of them at any rate. She was an old steam tramp. We had four hundred packages of remnant*. We had heavy weather off the coast, and the oargo shifted and smaeucd. Bones ail mixed op anyhow. Deuce of a job boxing them up again. Couldn't discriminate—of course. Pot them back hurriedly—Bin Fat and Kow Line and Wong Tan all of a jumble. Crew refuted duty. Mostly low Irish, and they nearly weut mad with fright. Oh, a devil of a meet!" Aud the supercargo grinned again a* he turned in hie hammock, whilst Btaunton looked decidedly unoomfortabio at the thought of possibilities. With the wind on the quarter, as it had been of late, and the Daphne roaring along, her big main-boom guyed well out, her foreyards ehcekcd,and a glorious nowc of rushing swirl ing water at her bows, the discomfort to us aft was of course much lessined. But the crew suffered proportionately, for the Daphne took playful splashes over foifard that prevented sleeping on deck as wnen the weather waa lighter. Thus, the four' men of the watch below in their dingy, cramped quarters, with scuttle on, the lamp burniug, and no ventila tion worth speakinK about; were half-suffocated. Naturally they complained. And Htaonton did the most be could for them. Which took the shape 01-an extra tot of rum at 8 bells in vie forenoon in addition to the one they already bad at nigbi. An a rule, for extra grog the average biiu«h merchant-seaman will suffer many thing*. And so it proved in our ease; and niul not the unforeseen happened, the crew of the Daphne might never have discovered the source of their annoyance and served us at th-y did. We had picked our way safely through the Banda, Aralura, and other reef and islet dotted aeae, and emerged into the comparatively open water* of thai of Celebes, when, all at onot, we eau<nt the north west monsoon blowing dead agai'isi us and rawing a sea into which the SJOooder plunged tier noee till her bowsprit cap *ai out of Higut, and green water knee high came swooping aft and outboard through the iron uetwork that there took the place of bulwaike. I am not sure whether I have mentioned that the Daphne was by no means a full ship—indeed, too cargo aearaely hall-filled her hold. On the ballast was stored the sandal wood ; then came tiers of bagged beehe-demer; then, extending from the main batch to the forecastle bulkhead, were the cases of "rem nanis," stored six deep, and chocked off with dunnage—i.e., blocks of wood jammed between the cargo and the side of the vessel. Lying in my berth one morning, and trying what Btrong negrohead might do towards minimising the all-pervading smell that one never got used to, and that as time passed seemed to become even worse, I all at once felt the Daphne give a tremendous plunge, followed immediately by a dismal crash. Jumping out, I saw that the fore-topmast bad gone, and with the topgallant and royal masts and all their gear was h*"gi"g over -the port bow. The bowsprit, too, had snapped short off, and with booms and sails dragged away to leeward. Luckily the foresail kept her head to wind, or the sohooner would assuredly have had her decks swept. But the most curious part of the affair to me was that, instead of paying any attention to the roaring orders of Noyea, who had the deck, the men were congregated—both watches apparently—around the open scuttle of their hatohway. Banning forward, I asked, perhaps rather forcibly, if they were deaf; adding sundry other emphatic questions suggested by their attitude, which was one of disgust and astonishment. "Keep yer 'air on, sir," replied one of the fellows, more respectfully than the words denote. "A bloomio' wreck, is she? Then wot's made 'er so 'cept them there blarsted, stinkin' Wellingtons wot's just been an' took charge o' our fo'c's'le. Bli' me, but it's a wonder we've got this fur as well as we has!" •• Tut, tut, men!" I shouted, at once guessing what had happened. " Scared by a few dead Chinkies' bones! Gome along now and get this wreckage inboard! What! Call your selves sailors, and frightened so easily ?" " All very fine," replied another surlily, " but it makes me nigh spew, it do, to think as we've been breathin', both sleepin' an' wakin'—ay, %n\ by God! eatin', ac you might say—the rotten, sweatin' bones o' dead men—anr them men Ohinament . Ugh, if I'd only ha' knowed!" And the fellow made a wild gesture of horror and repulsion that actually took me aback with the /rude energy of dismay expressed by it. jr By thia time Sflanton bad arrived on the scene, and was beginning to bullyrag, when I stopped him with a look. The men were dangerous, and it behoved us to pick our phrases. Also before the last speaker had put hie case m plainly I must admit that I had never for a moment considered upon the matter from such «, point of view. Perhaps if I had been livings their close aud fetid hole I might have felt m they did. And is this thought flashed Mross my mind it troubled me somewhat, and made my task of persuasion ail the more difficult. But at last they turned to, sulkily enough, whilst in a lew words I en lightened Btaonton, who had been striving hard to keep his tamper, ignorant of the necessity there was for doing so. CHAPTER lIT-^We Make a Baft. Unfortunately we carried no spare span of suffloietit siae to replace the topnuet, but we made, shift after some hours of hard work to rig up tne topgallant and royal masts on the head of the lowermast and set a couple of sails upon them. For'ard, too, we managed so M to be able to set two jibe in addition to the fore-staysail; but the men obstinately refuted to inhabit their forecastle again, and remained stubborn, sulky, and bard to bandit. It seemed that m the' watufa w«r« having their dinner at seven bells preparatory to coming on deck, the Daphne, giving that terrible lurch already noted, had flung tome of the easss with auoh force against the bulkhead m to smash it and send one or two out of the upper tier into tne forecastle—* fall of Bft er so. Thus, to thsir dismay, the four men had suddenly found themselves overwhelmed by a shower of rotten human bones, gleaming phosphoreeoently in the dim interior and rattling dismally as they were flung about by the motion of the sobooner. A* Staunton admitted, when, later on, we Went down and mw the mess of rib* attached to pieces of back bone, shins, arms and hands and feet, most of them shining in spectral patches, whilst out of the bread barge a yellow skull grinned up at us from amongst the biscuits, it must have been very unpleasant. Meanwhile the men had made for them selves a shelter adjoining the galley, and be tween it and the main hatch—a tent-like construction of canvas and the remains of the longboat, which latter had been knocked to smithereens by some of the falling wreckage from aloft. Crippled m we were, our progress wm alow; and it wm not until the 12th April, two months out, thai we cleared the northern end of Pala wan, and passing between the Big Calamaioes, laid off a straight eouree across the Sooth China Sea. To add to our troubles, of late the Daphne had been making water freely, and the pump .work wm tiring and incessant. Probably the bumping of the spars when the bowsprit went had started a butt somewhere for'ard. But despite our most str«oous efforts we could not disoover the leak. In the least bad weather, too, the men's shelter wm wet and eomfortlces; and they growled and sulked to the verge of mutiny. Especially did the fact of Ah Onong being treated m a passenger and living in the cabin seem to irritate them after their discovery of what we had so vainly hoped to keep secret. And many were the insulting remarks dealing with bis country, his ancestors, bit parentage, and his own personal characteristics loudly mo t«red in that worthy's hearing by the angry er«w. But the supercargo only grinned mnd smoked, calm, imperturbable m ever. "They're not so bad—yet—m my low Irish," he remarked once, ••be cause they're not so frightened by superstition. A thoroughly superstitious and well-lrigh ened low Irishman is the most dangerous animal the world hM up to ihe present produced." All the same, on each bip, under the double breasted coat of heavy Bilk he generally wore, were two signifi ant bulges which 1 knew de noted the presence of a brace of revolvers that he never pot Mide even in his sleep. Noyes, too, when he found out the origin of the smell he complained so bitterly about wm angry, and vowed that had be known he would never have troubled the Daphne. Bat hit ohagrin was prinoipally through bavin* been kept in ignoranoe of the I auk whilst we three in the seoret had been at some pains to explain to him the malodorous properties of the sea slog, uid so forth; and be won recovered his . usual good temper, and proved a true comrade to the end of the adventure. Alarmed at the way the water kept coming in, we had provisioned and furnished our one remaining boat—a fine large outter—and kept her slung outboard on the davits ready to be lowered at a moment's notice. And this pre caution it was that probably tempted the Daphne's orew, worn with inoessant pumping, and labouring under a perhaps not altogether ill- founded sense of injury, to do as they did. Thus, one fine, calm middle watch, Manila bearing abeam and to starboard about a hundred miles, coming on deok to relieve Noyes I found him tied hard and fast to the miucnmasi, gagged with a lump of oakum, and the boat, oarrying all hands and the cook, gone a good two hours. It was, However, a a scurvy trick to have played upon as, seeing that the ship was practically unking, and we were not only without means of leaving her, bat far too few to work the pumps and keep her afloat for any length of time. For some days there bad been a lull in the monsoon weather ; now there were signs of it beginning again. And hourly we could see and feel the Daphne getting lower and lower in the water. Obviously a raft was the only resort left to as. And it was in our favour that ws were in trading seas and liable to be picked up at any moment, although for days wo had sighted no ship. At last sounding tnere was 6ft. of water in the well. Certainly we had no time to spare. And the four of us set ;o work within an hour of the time I had discovered poor half-stifled Noyea. Bat we were terribly short of material. Casks are floe things to help form a raft; bat vessels carry their water in iron tanks nowadays good floatable things, too, when empty, but \- generally iuaeoessible. And when we had lashed three spars together trianglewiso and secured the rest of oar scanty stock of hatches and grating athwart them the result was bat a mean-looking fabric to meet the rising monsoon with. There was plenty of sandalwood below, bat it was in solid, heavy, short ohunks, roughly squared, and quite useless for - oar purpose. "The boxes would make a fine platform— high and dry," remarked Ah Ohong at last. ••Damn'em!" replied Btaanton. "They've brought as enough bad lock!" "Well," I said, "then it's time to see whether they can't do as a good torn. They're exactly wtaat we want. I don't believe the schooner 'II keep afloat another hoar. And the wind and the sea are both rising." Ho, seeing there was nothing else for it, Btaanton presently gave in, and we broke oat dosens of the oofflns from the main baton way, hearing the water washing to and fro under the cargo btsucath as to every sluggish heave of the doomed vessel. There was some talk of emptjing the bones overboard; but we found that their weight gave needed stability to oar raft as we placed them two tiers high all over it, lashing them tightly down with fanning gear to the spars aod then adding a sort of parapet round the whole, secured in similar manner. Then, just as the dawn appeared, we launched it across the rail and Ist it tow whilst we hooted up provisions, water, and other necessaries. It rode floe aud high on the lumpy sea—a strange looking structure enough with its three cornered platform of long narrow boxes laid fairly even, and out of which, about the centre, sprung a royal yard, stayed fore and. aft, and meant presently to carry a sail. However, it was the best we could do, and very soon we were glad to get on it and cast off, tor the Daphne was going down in real earnest now—bead first. It was a sorry sight to Btaonton, and, indeed, to all of us as we stood watching whilst the sehooaer slowly rose her stern to us., rolled heavily to port, then to starboard, and then, as a protesting shudder seem to run through her, she gave one final lurch and sank like a stone, leaving us floundering in the swirl, and sur rounded by all sorts of loose gear, together with dosens of boxes of "remnants" that frantically bobbed up and down as if imploring to be taken in out of the wet. All at onoe, doss to where I stood, roes on snd a bright red ease, its gilt handle protruding temptingly within easy reach. I immediately recognised my neighbour the lordly Jap, and something impelled me to catch hold and poll him on board, where he lay shining in all the bravery of hie gilded inscription and scarlet jacket. Ah Ohong nodded approvingly. "Another asset," c aid he, "and an important one. It's not every castaway crew that can put their cargo to the use we've done ours. Bat won't we have a picnic if the water gets into it and the weather turns real hot, as it's spt to do about these parts!" " Upon my word you're a Job's comforter!" said Btaonton fretfully. "And, Ned, surely we've got enough rotting rubbish underneath us as it is without adding more to the pile." " Don't know what made me pull him out," I replied. " However, He's tight as wax, sweet as a not, and will do to sit on—if for nothing else." "Besides, Captain," put in Ah Chong, " you forget he's worth £100 to you in Yokohama." "Yes," sneered Staunton, "c.o.d. I presume you know, though ?" "Certainly," replied Ah Ohong blandly; "cash on delivery, of ooutse. And your private venture. Bat there's just a chance that he will be delivered. As for these others, why, it doesn't matter one bit. We're insured right up—and a trifle over. No doubt their relatives '11 howl; but Kong Mow A Co. will be nothing out of pocket." . All this time we had been hard at work getting a gaff topsail fitted with halliards and sheets, so that it would set in somewhat ship shape fashion to our mast, bent tack upper most. And with this we urove along 10 the southward before wind snd sea at quiie a three knot fttte. We were going back the way we had come. But that troubled us little. There lay the land. And the must barren patch of it would be preferable to »his ertaking, evil smelling fabric. Staunton steered with a 12ft. oar made by splicing together a couple of inch boards out of ons of the coffins: as for the rest of us it took all oar time tunning hither and thither, tightening np the numberless Jashingß that so rapidly worked slack. More than onoe or twice we thought the whole oonoern bad gone to pieoea when one of the following seas woulu hit it a great thump aft as a hint that we were not going fast enough to please them. Luckily they were mostly round-topped ones and seldom broke over; also what water did find its way on board soon drained off again. Still everything was soaking wet, and we had reason to blew Noyes's foresight in suggesting before we left the schooner that provisions, ship's books, instruments, Ac, should be stowed in a big galvanised iron case with a sliding lid. which after having emptied it of cabin bread we lashed at the foot of the mast. But for this pre oaution w« were utterly undone. And, as it vu, throughout the night we ooold spare no moment for food other than a biscuit each, although we had plenty of tinned staff. Towards morning the breeie dropped, and at sunrise it was nearly a calm. Then as we ate our breakfast the day grew hotter and hotter, and the stenoh from the dead meu's bones around us became well nigh insupportable, fortified as it was by the warm sea-water which had soaked through on to them, and now ooted out in horrible slimy trioklings all over the raft in such fashion that there was no getting away from it. Even Ah Ghong, who had worked all night like a Trojan, turned green, and swore at high pressure, and piesently be came very siok, an example promptly followed by the rest of us, so that our meal did us no good at all. " Oh, damn 'em!" gasped Noyes, " let's tling the- lot* We'll eaten typhoid, leprosy, small pox, or something, if we stick to this boneyard much longer." " We can't," replied Staunton, busy with ■ oorksorew and a bottle of brandy. "Orif we do we'll be awash on the hatches. And directly the wind oom«s and the sea gets op again we'll have to leave. There, take a nip of this all round. It may counteract the effeoi." The spirit did us good, and sitting on the only clean spot on the raft—the Jap's lacquered jacket—we tried a second breakfast. But it was hard work getting it down. Our water was contained in a breaker holding some forty gallons, so we were fairly well off in that re spect. Besides, as it was just about the change of the monsoons, we knew we might expect rain storms, and heavy ones at that. "I wonder what's beoomc of those fellows in the cotter," remarked Ah Ohong. •• I never thought they were the kind of men to desert us as they did." "1 believe it was fright, sudden and desperate, that seiaed upon them," said Noyes, who, so busy had we been kept, had never foond time for details. "I was looking out over the quarter when that big Tasmanian, Ben, mauled me; and before I oould shoot, another fellow shoved the wad of oakum between my teeth. • Tell the skipper and the mate and their Chinee chum,' said Ben, *as we're full up o' their cussed hooker and bar cussed, stinkin', rotten cargo. Bo we're goin' to make a shift for ourselves afore the end comes, when the ghosts as owns them bonea'U drag ye all to the bottom with 'em. We don't know where we're agoin' nor notnin'; only that we'd sooner take our ehanoe than stay here. You've served us a dirty triok. Now I reckon we're quits. So long 1' And then," -concluded Noyee, "they tied me op as you found me." " Well," oommented Staunton, "if they'd been a lot o' Dagoes they couldn't ha' done me a worse turn. I'm a dead marine now, right enough! The Daphne wasn't insured for a penny. Poor old thing! one imagines the character of her last cargo broke her heart. I think, boys, we might empty this top tier all round. It isn't a nice job; out we've lowered ' at least tin. by reason of water draining into the boxes; and getting rid of so much weight will about bring as right again for to-night's fight against wind and sea." Decidedly it was not a nioe job i but we went at it, nevertheless, breaking off the lids of the coffins and throwing the contents over board. In some we found a perieot skeleton; in others merely a mass of yellow bones, mouldy and honeycombed, that floated around the raft whilst the newer and heavier onea sank at onoe. It was midday, and as we worked the sun beamed down upon us like a flame ; whilst all around u« in th«t heat rose a thick steam of flavour indescribable. Bat at last we finished, replaced and relasbed the empty oases, and with one aooord voted ourselves a nip. of brandy to settle oar stomachs. By observation at noon we were 300 miles N.N.E of Palawan Island, and a little more due west of Mindoro in the Philippines). We had enough provisions and wat«r tor three weeks with economy ; but that our raft would go to pieces in the first really rough weather none of us doubted, if indeed we did not before then succumb to some ureadlul fever as Noyes prophesied. The heat becoming unbearable, we bad just agreed to lower the sail and, risking suffoca tion, spread it as an awning, when all at once Ah Choog shouted and pointed to whore, far away to the northward, a small speck showed. "A junk, I think." said Staunton in a disappointed tone after a long look through his glass. And suoh it proved to be. And as the day wore on we saw that it would pase us at quite close quarters. There was little or no ■ wind ; bat the current was strong, and fetched it along at folly four know, floating light and high, two muted, with big mat square sailt flapping idly from one side to the other. "By heaven!" suddenly exclaimed Staun ton, " she's empty—a derelict. And just as well perhaps! We stood a obance of having oar throats eat otherwise. We must got to her, though. It'll never do to let her pass us like that. I'll swim across and bring her alongside." "Not with that fellow for company," I remarked, pointing to a big black fin that suddenly made its appearance between the junk and us. Staumon's lace fell as he saw the shark. Then, seizing the loose planks broken from the coffins, aud that we had used to strengthen our "parapet," we furiously strove to guide the raft towards the junk now reeling along nearly abeam, and only some 200 yards away; but we might as well have attempted to propel an ironclad with broom handles, and ON THE MAIN DIVIDING RANGE, NEAR TOOWOOMBA. {Photo- hr ■"■• " Clmt an tk» U«k«t kllla —A plrtm, . Tht rapovn take tkt Tataß." we soon gave op and stood watching helplessly. Now, the jank sheering mockingly towards as and ogling as oat of tfie scarlet white-rimmed •jes that ornamented her bows; now, mote great triangular fins that, attracted doubtless by the disobarge of oar gruesome oargo, olosed the sea between as and comparative safety. CHAPTER IV.—The Ploek of Ah Ohong. At this moment Ah Chong began to throw off his olothes. fits no use trying to swim," said he, " bat I'll have a try to paddle. Here we are surrounded with canoes, and nearly let a ehanoe slip because we couldn't see them." And as he spoke he dragged out one of the largest cases we bad emptied and lowered it into the water, where it floated fairly tight. Then whilst we held it he got in, his weight sinking the thing till the edges of it were almost dipping, and we urged him to give up the idea. " I o*n do it," replied he shortly, squatting amidships, knees to obin, mother-naked, ana with a long splinter for a paddle. "You're a briok, Ah Ghbng!" exclaimed Biaunton, " bat you'll never reach her. Come back, man! Look at the eharks I" Bat for sole answer the supercargo flourished his • paddle, and with steady strokes sent his ooffln-oanoe towards the junk. The sea was as smooth as a pond certainly; still the risk was a shocking one, and one that, even had we been as light men as Ah Ohong, I mnoh question any of vi would hare eared to take. And it was with beating heart* and straining eyes that we watched the naked figure of him shining like new copper as his paddle rose and fell, well knowing that the least slip, the slightest leaning to one side, would be the signal for a erael death to the intrepid man. Half-way aoross now—and the sharks, six of them, ranged np, three on each aide of him—looking to ns at the distance as if he were aetoally sitting on the water. " Talk about pluok!" mattered Noyes. "By O—d he deserves the Victoria Gross 1" "And a Chow!" mattered Stsnnton baok again without turning his head. He was only fifty yards from the junk now. Bat the sea-tigers were gradually dosing on him, swimming high, too, and showing a ridge of black back on the surface, so thai he seemed from where we stood to be almost beating the leading ones with bis paddles. Then he commenced to Stng—a shrill sort ohant rising almost to a soream, then subsiding to a low drone. An eerie performance under the oiroumstanoes, but one that made the brutes sheer off a little. He told us afterwards that it was "Prom Greenland'sloy Mountains," as be had been taught the tune at Sunday school in Swatow. And Staunton Baid that, if suoh was the case, it was no wonder the sharks were soared. But no thought of such trifling oame to us just then as we stared eager and breathlees. Another ten yards! He was heading straight for the 'midships and lowest part of the junk. Would he try to tarn and lay hie craft quietly alongside, we wondered, knowing that a touoh almost would oapsiie it? Bat he never altered his coarse a hair's breadth, and paddled away, running smack end-on into the junk. Then we all at ones •aw his body rise like a yellow flash in the air, hang for a second to the rail, and then disap pear over it, whilst a swirling rath of foaming water and gleaming bellies and chips flew up as the baffled monstero made their too long deferred ebarge. And as presently we saw Ah Chong bustlinp about trimming the sails to catch a faint air that had sprung up, and watched the junk's head turn slowly towards us, we cheered him again and spam. Half-an hour afterwards she was alongside— a big lamp of some 80 tons or so, decked aft for half her length, and from there open nearly to the bows. And in that open space, as mak ing fast to her we jumped on board, there met oar eyes a moot amaiing sight, and one that held as dumb with the horror of it. Upon the closely-laid stone ballast was stretched a man—a white man—on his back amid a pool of dry blood. One band clutched a heavy revolver, the other rested on what looked like a great flab of solid gold, most riohly chased. Mnd everywhere around were strewn masoive urn*, oensers, candelabra, sprays of lotas flowers, and tall lanterns, all gleaming in the afternoon son with a brilliancy that fairly took our breath away in its su*. gestion of riches illimitable. The silenoe wu broken by Ah Chong, who, leaving the tiller, had been oarefully dressing himaelf. "There are some more dead men under there," said he, pointing to where from the door of the half-deck protruded a leg olad in bine cotton. «• Very likely," replied BUanton, finding his tongue, " bat what in the devil's name does it all mean?" Ah Chong shrugged his shoulders aa he replied, •♦Can't say for certain. He could have told us"—pointing to the leaden-faced, black bearded figure—"but surely all that stuff is Japanese—the loot of some of their temples probably. The fools thought it was gold when it's only hronte—valuable of course, but not worth dying for." But Ah Chong, clever as he was, did not know everything. " Well," remarked Noyes, "I must say oar luck seems ourious this trip. No sooner do we get out of a boneyard than we bit on a shambles. Look for'ard there! More slaughter!" And, indeed, under the small forward deck ing we oould see dimly another corpse or two. Reluctantly, for the weather was tropical, and the men dead for some time, we dragged no less than five on to the ballast. Three were those of Chinese, the others Japs. And in the after cabin, for such it was, and furnished partly in European fashion, we found more plunder—all of the same character, and nearly all of the same peculiar whitish-yellow colour which to my eye suggested admixture of much gold. The body of the white man waa olothed in (wide silk^trousers acd jacket, but th A CHILD. (l*uto. sMr »r Beta, Toowoomb.. Little wisp of wonderment, Little wisp of wonderment; • Little wisp of wonderment, All the world your doll! Life has only laoghter sent— All the world your doll! Hugging it in huge content, Everything is droll: A. H. Adam (" Maoriland and other Verses"). MOONRISE. 'Phot~ * ""• w B-la ""*■* As a pale phantom with ft l»mo Now hidden in cloud, and now revealed Until at last, serene and proud, Asoends some ruin's haunted stair, As if this phantom, fall of pain, In all the splendour of her light, Bo glides the moon along the dsmp Were by the crumbling walls concealed, She walks the terraces of oloud Mysterious chambers of the air. And at the windows seen again. Supreme as Empress of the Might. AT THE PHOTOGRAPHER'S: NOW LOOK PRETTY, DARLING. (Phote•■■■*bjr*■* 'tw>woom^ What the leawsfare to the forest, Tbirt to the world an ohildwn; IT' With lighted »ir lor food, them it f«*lt the glow Ew their sweet and tender joieei <M iJ>nghter and iuoiHer ehmate Hate been hardened into wood,- Than readies the world below. |A.H. Adams. FAIR QUEENSLAND c«— * *■*. M Uks rmaparta rooad tk« rtUwf* *d«* Tte tlatoa dUto wt ■taadtac.'* ON THB BUKNWTT. " Bmooth runs th« water whan th« brook to deep." THE UPPER BRISBANE " By ■hallow rivers to whose falls Melodious birds sine madrigals." FAIR QUEENSLANDERS. 1\. MiM M- Button (Wiley photo.)- *. Ml- Drali C*Un phot*). t. MiM Meredith (Ponlten photo.). «• Mi" ■**»» Ooty (W« flttta.). I. MiM Muriel Rich (Wiley photo.). »• M»i Thompwa (Toms photo.). 4\. Mlmm Mumy-Prlor fWntr pkoto.). 10t Mm M. PtmH Qri« pJwto.). 5\. MiM Grmnt (Wiley photo.). 11. Va *tm» CTmm flwto.). & MiM OUder (bin photo.). pockets wen empty of everything exoept revol ver cartridges. He had been killed by a double edged broad knife, whose bronie hilt still stuck straight op from bit breast. "It was thrown probably," remarked Ah Ohong, " bat he did some great shooting first. Mast have been more people. Cleared, I expect. Ton see there is only a small sampan l«ft. And janks of this sise always carry one large boat at the least." The five men—all dead of ballet woands—we threw overboard. But we could not serve the European so. His stern, scowling (ace, with its staring black eyes, and white teeth showing from the fallen jaw under the thick moustache, seemed to defy us even in death to treat his remains otherwise than with respeot. So we laid him in one of the empty oofttns, ballasted with stones, and I read the banal service over him, caring little just then whether he was maryr and murderer; although as I finished I saw Ah Ohong's lip curl in an amused smile. By the time we had made a elearanee, and hoisted our precious tank on board together with the Jap, or " Old Bed Hundred"—as, with reference to prioe and colour, we oalled him latterly—it was getting dark. The wind, too, was growing stronger, and the sky gave every promise of a wild night. " Thank God!" exdaimed Staunton fervently as at last we east off and looked back at the raft beginning to toss and tumble in the fast rising sea. "Never was Iso glad to say good-bye to anything. If it hadn't been for you, Ah Obong, the lot of as before to-morrow morning broke would be no better than those dead bones yonder. She'd never have stood the weather that's coming." ••Well, it was a dose call," replied the supercargo meditatively as we all stood watch ing the raft. "I couldn't have gone another ten yards, for the water was just ooming in top and bottom. I was cramped, too, from sitting all in a heap so deuoedly long. Bat for the thoughts of the sharks I should never have been fit for that jump. Lord! didn't they make a dash as I rolled down upon the dead man. "But," he concluded philosophi cally, " 1 was past being soared by that time." Presently, leaving Noyes at the outlandish, awkward tiller, the rest of us went into the cabin and had something to eat and drink both badly needed. Then I relieved Noyes, and the other two commenced to reef the Bails by tricing their bamboo ribs up like window blinds and lowering away on the halliards. By the time we had snugged down it began to blow from the soath'ard pretty heavily. But our carious craft proved herself a very exoellent tea boat, if not exaotly a dipper. And oar present condition, compared with what it might have been, filled us with thankfulness. . As Staunton had predicted, the ohange of the monsoons was about taking place, and before half a gale from the S.E. we ran, shaping a course for Japan, whitber, by Ah Ohong's advice, we determined to make. A closer examination of the booty oonvinoed me that not only from a collector's point of view were many of tbe articles, such as tbe candelabra, some of tbe great urns, Ac, almost priceless, bat that the greater number con tained so little alloy as to be practically far purer gold than, for instance, our own English sovereign. As for the big fish—that looked like a dolphin—it was, without any doubt at all, composed solely of the precious metal. It weighed perhaps 1601b.—not solid, but of uite a 3in. shell. OHAPTEB V.—Where the Loot Belonged. At first my friends were incredulous. Bat with the aid of certain testa I presently made .—helped by a small assaying ease, my com panion in many a prospecting trip, and that I happened to have put in my pocket just before leaving the Daphne—l finally sueoeeded in convincing them. Then took place much and earnest consultation as to the best way to benefit ourselves by such a windfall. And without any hesitation I must here confess that, eoold we have seen that way, we would have taken it. But in whichever direction we looked there stood a prison, and worse, at the end of it. " No," said Ah Obong at last, and very re gretfully, " one cannot dispose of such things. Nowhere in the great East could it be done with safety, especially situated as we now are. Some rioh shrine or temple hat been raided, and by this time the hue and ory has spread far and wide; ships also psrhaps in pursuit. Actually, my friends, the safest and best plan would be to throw them overboard at once. Still, who knows ? There may be a big reward. That is why I more than ever advise making for Yokohama. There is a British Consul there. Trust nobody else. As for myself, ay special task is done. Had the Daphne lived my instructions were to have accompanied you to Yoko., obtained the promised freight for you, and returned home by the Sagami Mara, or one of the other mail boats. However, I mean to see Mm business out now. If you take my advice you'll bury all the stuff beneath the ballast. Should we be caught with it, a pos thumous clearance of eharaotor will not com pletely atone for tbe short shrift an enraged crew of Japs would probably deal out to us." "But," I said, "don't we run a risk at it is? Suppose this junk is recognised as belonging to tbe robbers? How then?" "Very unlikely that she should be," replied Ah Ohong. " She differs in no respect that I oan see from doiens and dosens of other trading jonks exoept by the appointments of her cabin. And it was precisely by choosing suoh a vessel for bis purpose that the promoter and leader of the adventure showed his wisdom. A yacht, or almost, indeed, any other kind of oraft, might have been notioed; bat a junk wa* a pea in a bushel of them. Where he was making for when the row happened, or how it happened, of coarse I can't pretend to say. Probably they quarrelled over the division of the spoil, and being a quick man with his "gun," as the Americans call it, he shot the others down whilst they were think ing matters over. Still, I fanoy a few must have got away; or perhaps they were but his paid servants, and he detected them just as they were making off with the plunder; or— well, there's no end to the guessing; nor possibly will the exact truth ever be known. The above conversation took place that night around the tiller, in front of which stood a broad binnacle-box containing a fine new compass. We had fetched some cane chairs up, preferring the deck to the blood-stained cabin, and lay about smoking, whilst the big ungainly fabric lifted her tall stern to the seas, her creaking sails looming in the darkness like the wings of some huge bat, and the dim (•flection of the great lantern on her soaring bows seeming as if set on a steep bill. The nezt morning, taking Ah Ohong's advice, we planted the treasure in a sort of cave that with no little trouble we worked in the ballast; bat first we wrapped it carefully in a lot of old silk hangings all covered with many-coloured figures that we found in the cabin, and that the supercargo said had probably been stolen from the temple and used for a similar purpose by the robbers. Then we stood out to sea, sighting the Babyan Islands that same afternoon, and steering nearly N.B. to keep well to windward of the great Lu-tehu chain, and so dear of all coasters in the Eastern Sea. Although by choosing this track we lost the monsoon, still the prevailing winds continued from S. and E. Nor, with tbe exception of a few steam tramps and a country wallah or two, did wo meet any vessels. The junk was well found in provisions; but of papers or documents of any description there was not a scrap. In thus making for Japan we had no settled expectation except the fair certainty of Btauntoo getting his freight money for "Old Red Hundred," together with the off chance of a reward for the recovered loot in which all might share. Although knowing little of the oouotry or its customs, Ah Ohong imagined that suoh a oomplete and desperate raid must have made a profound impression on the Oovernment and the people in spite of the fact that modem Japan was credited with small care of creed—Shinto or Buddhist. Without turthsr incident, after a three weeks' pasnage, we one evening crept cau tiously up Yokohama Bay and dropped anchor off the Bund, along whose fir-dad length lights from dubs and hotels were beginning to shine. Close to us was a fleet of exactly similar craft to our own, and our advent seemed to excite not the faintest curiosity. As arranged long before, Ah Ohong at once went ashore in ths sampan to see Sun Kum Wing and Co, tbe agents for Konp M«.w, and consignees of •' Old Bed Hundred." It was very late before he returned; bnt when at last he appeared in, for him, a state of excitement, bis news made up for any delay. All Japan, nay, the whole world, it seemed, was riuging with the successful and sacrilegious attempt that had been lately made to plunder not only the great Higoshi Hog wanghi shrine at Kyoto, but the Imperial palace itself. The sacred city was in an uproar; and because it was rumoured that a European had been the prime mover in the affair, tourists were obliged to flee for their lives from Kyoto; but the most interesting part of Ah Ohong's story was that, in addition to a reward of 110.000 offered by tbe Japa nese Oovernment for the recovery of stolen property, the Marquis Katsura Gara, one of the wealthiest of the nobles, had not only supplemented that sum by a similar one, but added thereto as much again for the apprehen sion of the thieves. And, curiously enough, our red-coated Jap, with whom we had been at no little trouble to keep company, was the very relative for whose remains the Marquis had sent to Australia. Also many of the candle- stick*, urns, Ac, Ac, now snugly stowed away nnder our ballast, were, it seemed, votive offer ings presented to the shrine by the late noble man whose bones bad so narrowly escaped ever reaching their native land again. Three gun boats, Ah Ohong vent on to say, were scouring the coastal seas, stopping and examining all vssssli; and a host of native officials as well as foreign adventurers were making it their busi ness to try and earn tbe handsome reward. Everywhere, too, the telegraph bad been set at work, and all the civilised world over a descrip tion of the stolen articles was in the hands of the most skilled detectives available. " Well," said Staunton as Ah Ohong finished, "you see honesty is tbe best policy after all. Ah Ohong was quite right. And when it pans out perhaps tbe value is merely a sentimental one, eh, Ned?" "We'll say so, at any rate," I replied, "al though as a bit of an expert I should think the big fish alone, melted down, would fetch more than the reward. However, considering every thing, we haven't done so badly, seeing that a month ago our asset* were a lot worse than nil." "Yes, a thousand pounds each and dean hands is perhaps bettor than treble the sum with the ever-present fear of a tap on the shoulder," answered Staunton. Then ensued a friendly dispute over the share and share alike business as propounded by the latter. Noyes maintained that having lost his ship, Staunton was entitled to at least half the reward, the remainder to be divided amongst the other three. And without muoh argument this was voted fair, the discussion being abruptly brought to a dose by Ah Ohong's suggesting that it might be as well to get the money before talking about its division. In regard to that, however, we experienced very little trouble, as the enclosed extraot from the "Japan Sun" will show :— " Seldom has a more curious story of the sea come to hand than the one brought to this coun try by Messrs. Stannton, Harvey, Noyes, and Ah Ohong—saptain, obief and second mates, and supercargo respectively of tbe schooner Daphne, belonging to Sydney in New Sooth Wales. Leaving that port a oonple of months ago with, amongst her cargo, many oases of Chinese remains consigned for interment in their own country, the Daphne in the course of her voy age was dismasted, sprung a leak, and was then deserted by her orew, who, taking tbe only boat with them, left their officers on board. The sohooner being in a sinking state, tbe only thing left to the latter was to make a raft. This they did, using as principal part of their material the boxes of dead men's bones, and on these committing themselves to the mercy of the waves. But now came the crux of this extraordinary story that has set all Japan and the East talking. After some forty eight hours on this gruesome raft they encountered a derelict jonk to whioh Mr. Ah Chong (who, as well as being supercargo, also represents Messrs. Kong Mow and Co., tbe well known firm of Chinese merchants) in tbe most plucky way paddled himself in a coffin through a drove of sharks all thirsting for his blood. And, inoredible as it may seem, on this junk help lessly drifting about the ocean oar castaways discovered the treasure of the recently looted temple and Mikado's palace at Kyoto, respecting the mysterious attaok upon which and the bar barons murder of the four priests we have had so much to say of late. The dead body offa European, .besides toose of some Chinese, was EVENING. «-.*...—.-*> " The scattered cattle, hundreds strong, To tbe waters cool Are slowly moving home again. Of the tree-fringed pool - mUmt . m . - , A . the laiy vanguard feeds along In the distant creek when the moon is full." ?,£ ' TLn° M. * n°Z m**l * T' y ' Qio. Esasx Evans, nnder our ballast, were, it seemed, votive offer- (Vtaoto. by Btla, TWuMrt*. AX AUSTRALIAN SYMPHONY. Tlm wot I moss slmm upon tb« stoo* Onsn tendrils of the scrub-rins bom •*»»•des4gr«7trunks, wad booidsrs rod, Boofod bj Urn pine and eaqMlad With mudsobsir. (Ho. Bsan Btams ("LoniM and OUm also found on board under piroumßtaneec that pointed to a fieroe fight having taken place amongst the thieves. Guessing at something near the truth, the four men with praiseworthy alacrity at once headed their novel craft for Yokohama, and yesterday restored the treason to its custodians from temple and palaoe re spectively. The promised reward, amounting o 180,000, was the same evening paid over in the presenoe of the British Consul, supple mented by a pcesent of another 11,000 from he Marquis Katsura Gara, tbs body of whose uncle—the late Daimio of Tokugawa, who some years ago died in Australia—these brave and conscientious men ,had, through numberless difficulties and dangers, suoceeded in bringing safely with them. The Marquis, we must not omit to mention, had, with that fine public spirit for whioh he is so eminently distin guished, already added to the Government re* ward a further sum of 190,000—half to be paid on recovery of the prieelees votive offerings made by his ancestors, the other half on appnhension of the thieves. To-morrow we hope to lay before our readers a mon detailed account of what Japanese of all seels cannot bot regard as a very wondrous interposition of Providenoo on behalf of some of the most cheriahed treasures of their Sacred City." 