A MAN AND HIS MONEY. BY JENNY WREN. CHAPTER XI. Continued. " Who was this intruder who dared to invade the sacred precincts of the Yews ? This person who clambered over the wall, scorning or avoiding the many pieces of broken bottles with all the ease of habit ? Was it possible that, while he tried to rest at home, after his weary labour of the day, another took possession of the place and sought for his treasure ? He crept along the wall, hiding himself in the shadows, a fierce, cruel gleam in his eyes ; but when he reached the point where the figure had stood, nothing was to be seen - no sign was there of human nature. He stood there alone, seeming the only living thing in that garden of desolation. But no ; there was again a sound, and Renton could with difficulty repress a scream as he looked up and saw a flash of white in the distance, floating towards him, seeming to grow in height and magnitude and horror, as it approached. For a moment that terrible, paralysing feeling which had assailed him before took possession of him ; but with a masterful effort he threw it from him. After all, he argued, what harm could the spectre do him ? Perhaps it had come, to fulfil his dream, and show where that luckless money was hidden. And so he kept still in the shadow of the wall, and tried to still his chattering teeth. Nearer and nearer came the white figure, but there was no longer any appearance of floating. Instead it came onward with a very human stride, and the gravel crushed beneath its feet, and as it passed by the figure crouching by the wall, a hand of flesh and blood was stretched out to pick up a spade which lay hidden beneath a tree. A sudden light broke in on Renton's brain, and his awful superstitious fears left him. He connected the dark figure climbing the wall and the simultaneous appearance of the ghost. His limbs still trembled beneath, him, but it was with rage now instead of fear. With a wild cry of frenzy he sprang, and his fingers fastened round the figure's throat. " You confounded villain," he cried hoarsely. " You treacherous fiend, to come here like a thief in the night, to rob me of my treasure !" And with each exclamation his grasp on the ghost's throat tightened, and he shook him as he would a rat. The ghost struggled in vain. There was not another living soul within a mile. The terrible loneliness of night lay over all. It would be no good crying out for help. Who would hear ? Or, if there were a chance passer-by, he would attribute the scream to the spectre who haunted the Yews, and only hurry away the quicker. The poor ghost seemed to be caught in his own toils. He was choking under the grip of Henry Renton's long, bony fingers, and yet, through the round slits in the white mask he wore he could see the murderous gleam in the other's eye. He emitted a groan. " Father !" he cried in a muffled voice. " Father, don't - don't kill me !" Henry's grasp relaxed suddenly, and the words seemed to sober him, " Who - who are you ?" he cried hoarsely. And he roughly tore the sheet from the face of the ghost, and disclosed the countenance of his son Philip. For a moment the elder man paused, as if paralysed. " You ?" he gasped, scarcely believing the evidence of his own eyes. " You ?" " Yes," answered Philip sulkily, his eyes drawn with pain. " And why not ? I offered to help you, and you rejected me with scorn, so I determined to have a try on my own account." " You treacherous young devil !" cried his father, with blazing eyes. " And so you have been here night after night, have you, to try to steal my property, you thief ! To think that you are a son of mine, you — " " The money was left to whoever found, it," broke in Philip, trying to bluster. He felt braver now that those fingers were not encircling his neck. " Out of my sight," roared his father, " 'or I will kill you ! Do you hear ? Out of my sight, you contemptible scoundrel, and never come near my house or darken my doors again !" Philip needed no second bidding. The sight of his frenzied father terrified him, and he fled before he could feel again the touch of those icy fingers on his throat ; and, with terror, he managed to scale the wall and disappear behind it. And Henry Renton was left alone with his rage, in the midst of that silent garden. 