I'APRICOBMS AUS TRAIIS. -By Ernest Favenc.) -' -e*T~X'wl3& gentleman taking up /-PW9^^Lmttnh land in South Aus //WiimizSmaUl^ tralia, on which to i rilil|iyi|pBMiPM | . breed goats, re minds one of the many and play ful eccentricities of the Austra lian goat. For appetite, obsti nacy, and gene ral cussedness, the goat is far the . goat is far ahead of either the mule, the ass. or the pig. If a small boy was required to write an essay upon the goat, he would sum it up into a small space by writing: The goat is an animal with four legs, and a beard, and lives mostly on empty jam tins. When he is cross with you, he hits you with lis head. The goat, however, has one singular and histo rical place in the romance of Australia. When j^ichhardt went to his mysterious end, he had with him goats amongst the stock he took and it has astonished most, bushmen that no sur vivors of these animals have been found, as they are hardy in the extreme, and can go long distances without water. Even if killed by the blacks, one would th'ifr their horns would have teen preserved, for the aborigines love anything that is hard, particularly if strange to them. But even as 'Leichhardt mysteriously vanished, so, too, did his mules, cattle, and goats, only for a legend which an early Queensland surveyor Drought fron» the far north. This was to the ef iCtW 1 ??' -V DWMlW V/CM^/^UMU. UU1 t ' 1 m r n fT JLU1U UGOlrili XUQU to him an animal which their old men had seen, which had a beard, and horns, which last they described by holding two sticks to their heads. It is singular that they should have done this, considering that the real primitive blacks have bo knowledge of horned animals. But, then, the blacks of West Australia accurately described an ape to one of the early travellers, which is a specimen of natural history which flbey could not possibly have ever seen, or, one would have thought, imagined. This legend can then be dis posed of as doubtful. But to leave the historical goat, and return to tie modern animal, so well and unfavorably known in Australia, one has to go into some dead and alive country township, that the march of pro gress has passed and left behind, sad and forgot ten, to find the Australian goat in his proper sphere. Mostly that proper sphere is as a disturber of the peace, and the creator of numberless vendet tas between families hitherto living in amity and friendship. Generally, this is caused by the fiendish appetite and love of thieving constantly in evidence in the domestic goat. When Mrs. Murphy comes home after a temporary absence, and finds Flannigan's goat in the pantry, with a pound of butter smeared over his face, and a dish of milk upset over the floor, she naturally, waxes eloquent, and gives Flannigan what a woman is so liberal in giving, namely, a piece of her mind; there is, thenceforth, bad blood between the Murphys and the Flannigans. On a comparatively deserted mining township in Queensland, where the surviving fossickers had settled down and made gardens around their houses wherein to grow the humble pumpkin and the bashful sweet potato, the ravages of the goats became a veritable pest to these horticulturists. An Irishman and a German lived opposite to each other on different sides of a small gully. One night, the Irishman, hearing his enemies, the goats, about, arose from his bed. and sallied nut. armed with lumps of quartz. He espied, as he thought, an especial pest, on old white billy. It ras but a shadowy object, but he deemed it good enough to- let fly a piece of quartz at. To his astonishment, the quartz was returned with in terest, and a severe and spirited engagement fol lowed. The Irishman returned to his home, bruis ed and bleeding, and confided to his wife that the goats were fairly too much for him alto gether. 'That oia white divil of a billy stood up on his hind legs, and fought me fair, he did.' At the same time, the German'tras washing the blood off ibis face, and vowing all the vengeance of the German Empire on the heads of animals that threw, stones like men. Fortunately, in this case, neither party discover ed the fact that it was each other they had been bombarding, so that peace remained unbroken be tween them;' In one far northern seaport, the telegraph operators kept pets, among them being an exceedingly pugnacious ram, the terror of the Chinese and Europeans alike. So much so that one man imported a noted billy to lower the pride of the ram. Nothing, however, could in duce the two to fight To everybody's disgust, they became fast friends, and were chums fox quite six months, until 'a pique began,' then they fought. ' Unhappily, no one had the plea sure of witnessing the combat, for it took place at night; and, perhaps, owing to that circum stance, the goat triumphed, and in the morning the ram was found in a dying state, and the goat iras not much better. However, he survived for seme months, and he was popularly supposed to have died of remorse at having killed his friend. However, the Chinese buried him, and fired off crackers over his grave; for the ram had been a detested enemy of theirs. The most disagreeable characteristic of the Australian goat is the utter contempt he evinces towards mankind. A goat, as a rule, systema tically, treats you. in the most scornful manner. You may hit him fairly in the ribs with half a brick; if you can throw straight, but he ignores you in the matter, and casts his eyes upwards, as though quite assured that he had been struck acci industrious housewife catches him helping him self to a meal off the clothes line; but he is deaf to all her 'shooing,' until she is close enough not to be physically ignored. Then he drags down . as much of clothes and line as he can manage, and departs, remarking that, some old parties make themselves a decided nuisance at times. It is solemnly asserted that a goat never dies a natural death, any more than a postboy or a donkey. The animal may be killed by violence or accident, but as to ending his life amidst 'honor, love, obedience, troops of friends,' he has no more chance of doing so than had Mac beth. When one comes to consider the healthy state of a goat's digestion this, apparently, in explicable phenomenon, is not to be wondered at. The animal that can with ease consume the baby's milk and a fiat iron is impervious to the ordinary ills which overtake man and animal alike; and, as it has no conscience wherewith to feel remorse for its bad deeds, it never is troubled with mental pangs. One thing the goat can do better than most clo ven-footed animals is to make a noise. A ccuple of goats on a wooden verandah in the dead and awful stillness of the night can make more noise with their pattering hoofs than a regi ment of Australian Horse. ^ In fact, the scared resident generally awakes under the impression that the last trump has sounded, and that num berless skeletons are hastening to the rendez vous. The goat has one thing to his credit. Rightly or wrongly, he seems to have induced artists of libe ral fancy to picture the 'goatherd' as a romanti cally dirty ruffian, leaning against a tree playing a Pipe. Even this doubtful production is not to the Australian goat's credit, for he would never eon sent to be herded, and if anyone made the at tempt to soothe his savage breast with soft music, he would turn to and butt him in what used to be termed 'below the belt.' It is painfully evident that, after all, there is little to be said in favor of the Australian goat when living, but if Mr. Cox, the gentleman now interested in him, succeeds in making him use ful and productive after death, why his epitaph must be looked to for for once stultifying that ge nerally lying obituary. Certainly if the goat shows that Iia «u-*« lttu 4** 4-1va oninifcT Aocm^b nf +fi«» {ti« terior, and make what has hitherto been con sidered a wildernes^* blossom with the material lor making kid gloygs, he will deserve honor in this country, and hislittle slips'of eccentricity be pardoned. ?? - The doubtful feature of the experiment lies in the fact that the inherent villany of the goat Buy lead that evil-disposed animal, when once tie has arrived/at the tact that he . is useful to humanity, to refuse to live on Ms usual proven der of rocks, and refuse, and commence to die a natural deaths ' It would be well within the goat's character t» do this.: The lot In life which he has marked'out for himself is one of annoyance and destruction.' ' To ravage a garden, to run a*ay and upset a child in a goat-cant, to pretend to be frightened of a dog, and then torn sud denly ran nil a-ntt btttt the mttnvtmatn animal against t MU, to dear a clothes-line of the weekly washing, are all congenial to his spor tive nature; tut when he found out that he *u useful, and never had a chance of any fun, «e Would iProbably give up the ghost in dis This is the weafi ;polnfr *$bnt the scheme, the innate depravity of the goat. Possibly, if the na tives could be trained to simulate suburban householders, and pretend to grow spiaifex in. an imaginary backyard, the goat's zest in life would continue, and life would be of interest to him. Without that aid, it 4s to -e feared Hat he will pine and wilt ... 