THE PUZZLE CHART. -By Ernest Favenc- n. MM':' ^9 tul deso- ! SgM| latiom of j mm that] NJM.A. c o untry | ^fiHlliU w a s a W, night- ?*V m&Ul.; mare ZZs^UbII tbBt * ^-g/^ and, §3^^' d ream, i gflligfC. I tariciecl ^S^86? that sCTs, I there ^ *—».?- was; s o m e j ^ th reat !. ening' p r e s enee fol lowing me up with dire intent. I could not help glancing fearfully around now and again, as if it was possible'' there could be any living thing in that dread, drear desert but myself.. It was hor rible, Uiis feeling of fright, which might over power a man under some strange circumstances at the dead hour of night, but here, under the blaz ing sunshine, in was unnatural, and out of all rea 6on. - It wae nearly sundown when I was hailed by a ?R-elawne shout ahead, and I saw Ned breasting the rise, camisg cantering towards me, leading my runaway horse. What a change that human about in that wilderness made in my feelings. At once I. regained my nerve, and the superstitious terror that had dogged my track vanished like the quick passing of a fleeting shadow. 'Not hurt?' asked Ned anxiously, as he pulled up alongside of me. 'No,' I answered; 'JiroJba and I both got a fright about nothing.' It was with a thankful feeling of intense relief that I put my foot in the stirrup again, and as we rode borne, I told Ned all about it. 'When you were half way up, what did the country already look like?' he asked. 'I never looked: I blundered down the hill eo fast to catch Jim-ha before he got away, that I for got all about it, and then, that gibber coming down, upset me still further.' 'We'll make an early start,' said Ned, 'and take Tommy with us to mind the nags while we go up the peak.' To this I agreed, and a good feed when I got back to camp, and a night's sleep, made me inclin ed to laugh at myself the next morning, when, be fore the largest of the constellations had laded out, we were on our way back to the mysterious peak. We rode quickly, leaving Tommy to follow more slowly WKh the packhoree. When we reached the peak, we rode carefully all round it, looking for tracks, but with the exception of mine of ihe day before, we could find nothing. . We examined the stone that had nearly capsized me, and found it weather-worn almost to the shape of a globe; it may have been just ready to topple over, and by a Strange coincidence, had fallen at the very time ?when I was ascending the hill. In fact, that must lhave been the case, lor there could be nobody hu man, at any rate, waiting at the top of the peak to roll it down on the first comer. I felt none of the strange terror I had felt the day before, the com panionship of my mate seemed Quite sufficient to banish any superstitious feeling of that sort On the arrival of Tommy, we commenced the as cent, leaving him in a clear space, in full view of U6. Slowly and carefully we went up, hardly looking abroad, until at last we gained the top, and both stood silemtly gazing around. What did we see? In the immediate neighborhood the earn* dreary desert, to which our track seemed now wedded; beyond, low ranges, square-topped, and clothed for the greater part with black scrub, showing mosuly a precipitous face for the last hun dred feet of their summit. These, unpromising-looking ranges bounded our view nearly all the way round, but when we came to look at right angles to the course we had been fol lowing there was a depression in the range, and it looked as though a creek formed in the basin in which we then, were and found its way through this depression. At times we fancied we could trace here and there the timber of a creek, but It was by no means a certainty, although we both felt sure, from the lay of the surrounding coun try, that a creek must exist. On consulting the map. we found that the track led in that direction. Ned pointed out to me the place whence the boulder had been dislodged. A patch of fresh colored rock, different from the weather-worn sur face around. So small was it that the stone must have been poised most delicately, right on the brow of a sloping rock. The least tremor would have started it.' 'It strikes me, Ned,' I said, 'that is the first fruits the map speaks of.' Ned nodded assent. 'We must keep our eyes open,' he replied. 'This old chart's dangerous.' It was now about noon, so we decided to send Tommy back to camp, and take a short ride in the direction of the apparent creek. Before de scending we took another look round, but no sign of life was visible, no smoke anywhere. Tommy was glad to see us back again. He said that he felt frightened, but he couldn't tell why. 'Horse frightened, too,' he said. 'Mine think it dead fellow sit down here.' 'What for you think it dead fellow sit down here?' demanded Ned. 'Baal mine know; only mine think it Stone Bit down there.' He indicated a pile of stones a short distance away, which ua.ii escaped my ooservauon. we rode over, and looked at it. It certainly looked like a grave. It was a pile about six feet long, and three broad, and had been built up by human hands. ~ 'Blackfellow do this?' asked Ned of Tommy. 'Baal ? blackfellow,' said Tommy, emphatically. '?Whitefellow.' We started to work putting the stones on one Bide. As we went on we found that the hole, grave, or whatever it was, was filled with stones; nor had we far to go, for it was evident that the loose; shifting sand had not permitted the sexton to go very deep. In a short time a shrivelled body showed through the stones, and, working hastily, we soon had it uncovered. The dry, hot sand had reduced it to a mummy, but it had preserved the clothes and hair. The body was that of a man of strong build, with a black beard and black hair, most of which had, however, fallen off on the blanket on which he was lying. We examined the grave thoroughly to see if anything had been buried with him which could give us a clue to his story, but found noth ing beyond the belt and pouch he had on, for he had been buried in all his clothes; this we took for future examination. What we did discover, however, was that the man had not died a natu ral death, his skull being fractured just over the left temple. We filled the grave in again with the stones, and by that time it was getting late and we started for camp. After tea we examined the pouch. It contained a piece of tobacco, shrivelled up like a withered stick, a pistol cartridge, and a well-worn envelope containing two or three pa pers. We fell with eager curiosity on these. The first one we opened was a bill for £6 10s from the Blank Hotel, Fremantle, and Ned, after turn ing it over and upside down, put it aside with the remark that it was not receipted. The next paper was a newspaper cutting, stuck upon a piece of note paper with marginal notes in lead nencil. This promised to be more interesting, and it was The newspaper cutting was to the effect that Jamea Bornstock had returned to the camp at Goram-Gerup, after a long prospecting trip. He reported finding -likely-looking country, but had obtained no satisfactory results. He also re ported the death of his mate by thirst. This was what the printed matter contained; the marginal annotations ran as follows: 'Bornstock's a liar. I must look him up.' This with regard to get ting no satisfactory1 results from the country. Opposite the line about losing Us mate was scrib bled: 'I must take a hand now, Bornstock won't come back without me.' 'But he did,' put in Ned, as .we finished, read ing. 'Mr. Bornstock, whoever he ires, seems to liave been clever at losing Mb mates,' I returned. 'Well, If Loony Jones killed him, it was only tit for tat,' said Ned. ...-'?. The next paper proved the most interesting of all to us. Tnere was a. circular mark drawn on it, and a straight line extending from it some dis tance. Along, this line was written, 'Keep north east; never mind rest.' 'Does that round mark mean the peak?' said 'Ned. - -??..-. ? 'I should think so,' I answered, faitHng out the Chart. 'What is the bearings of that depression?' 'North-east.' 'Hex* ire are, then, The track makes a. lone course to the north-east, and then wanders about all roads.' ? 'Bravo and bully for us! but what a lot of lives this 3-it of paper is accountable for.?' and Ued touched the frayed old map. , 'Tee; there's the unknown mate of Bornstock's; then the man whcce body we fou-d; lastly, Born stock himself; and only for a lucky fluke you and I might have been added to the list.' 'Well, shall -we chance it, and make a move to-morrow morning?' asked Ned. 'Yes, there seems nothing else to do. We can. always make back here, and by going straight to that opening, instead of round t/ the peak, we can cut off at least five or six miles.' On that conclusion, we went to sleep, and next morning broke camp, bag and baggage.. Ae we approached the dip in the range, we saw that a dry sandy creek d.d form, ana assumed large proportions as we went on, but the bed was hope lessly dry, and looked as though it had been wa terlesB for years. As we went on the ranges clc6ed in ob us more trian -we had expected. I stopped, and consulted the chart, and found that, accord ing to it, we should turn off at an angle that would bring us on to a south-east course. 'Well, Ned,' I said, 'shall we follow the chart or the x:reek?' ' The creek for me,' answerefli Ned; 'I'm sick of that puzzling old chart; besides, I think from, the look of things that there is going to be a change of scene directly.' . 'Go ahead,' I returned, 'we can always turn back and -follow up the other course.' In about half an hour a black reef of rocks was visible stretching right across our track. The banks of the creek, too, were now much shallow er, and the creek was much wider. As we got closer we could see that the reef crossed the creek and ran on to the corresponding range on the out er side. It seemed an impossible wall to take horses over. The bed cf the creek was now one clean-swept, smooth rock; no sand or any debris was visible When we reached the rocky wall and dismounted, neither. of us epoKe, and we mu tually turned and went down to the bed of the creek. It fell over a precipitous rock of about a hundred feet in depth, and stretched before us was a lovely valley, bordered by sharp-peaked ranges, some -with red, rugged faces, glinting in the sunlight—others covered with dark scrub. The valley itself, although of no great size, was evidently well-grassed, and free from the odious spinifex. Plains separated by belts of scrub lay before us, and through it all wound the creek, now apparently well-watered, for the trees in the bed and on the bank were green and densely foliaged. Parrots were swarming every where, and their noisy chattering rose even to where we were standing. We could see flocks of white corellas, slate-colored galars, black cocka toos, and others flitting about, shrieking and scol ding. Ned advanced to the edge, and looked over, then he called to me. Beiow at the foot of the smooth rock was a deep, dark waterhole, formed by the rare floods that now and again swept down the creek. I drew Ned back, for the rock was as slippery as glass, and an Unwilling plunge down was not advisable. To get the horses aown was the next trouble, and it was only after some hours that we managed to find an available break over the wail-like reef, and a descent the other side. At last we were safe .down, and soon had nxed up a comfortable .camp.. ? 'It must have been a long time since the in teresting Mr. Bonteteck';S visits to these parts,' I remarked to Ned. 'We have not_ssen the ghost of a track yet.' 4 'That dead man was a pretty plain track,' said Ned; ''but I wonder there is .not some sort of an available track up and down this wall.' 'I don't, it would have betrayed him at once, probably he went up and down a different way every time.' ''Well, anyhow, we had better go over this valley now we are here. There's an hour or two of sun yet. Shall we ride down, the creek a mile or two?' ; I assented, and we caught our horses and start ed. The creek was well watered with shallow pools, fringed in places with a growth of rushes. Ducks flew up as we approached, and occasionally a lonely jakiru rose hastily in affright. 'How is it there are no niggers about?' I said. »'I can't make it out. I've seen one or two very old camps, but that is .all,' -answered Ned. 'One should think this place-would be a paradise for them.' I assented, and as it was getting late we turned back. Half-way to camp we came across Tommy making along our tracks. He was terribly frightened, and begged us not to camp where* we were that night. It seems that noticing a good many wallabies amongst- the rocks, he had gone along the wall to try' and get a snot at one, and in about half a mile had come upon a' scene which had frightened the life out of him. We went out to look at it. , . : Prom twenty to thirty . bodies of natives, half mummies, half skeletons, lay there. A hideous massacre had been perpetrated at some time, and men and women and children had been rounded up against the face of the rocky wall and shot down. It was the most ghastly sight Ned or I had ever seen, and we gazed in horror at it. There was no mistake that it was the hands of some murderous whites which had done the deed, for many of the skulls had unmistakable bullet holes in them. 'Some of Mr. Bornstock's work?' Queried Ned. 'Yes, and that other man's. Don't you see, he must have been here with-Bprnstock to be able to write those directions. He~^heJped him to slaughter these poor devils, and then when Born stock got rid of him, why he killed two birds with one stone. Got rid of a witness and of a man who kne\v his secret' 'That's it,' said Ned. 'HJoony Jones would have made another if he had come out this far, but he must have killed Bornstock before he got to the marked tree, and, of course, couldn't pick up the trail.' We had dismounted, and were looking at the poor wretches around us. Ned turned over a rotting dilly bag with his foot. The contents rolled out, and we saw the gleam of gold amongst it. Picking it up it proved to be a good-sized specimen containing more than an ounce of gold. 'We are close to It,' said Ned. 'Yes, but I'm sick of the whole thing. It reeks with blood. How many more shall we find?' There's a good moon, suppose we bury these re mains to-night; it's more than I'd do for Born stock if we found him.' ; I agreed, and by the light of a nearly full moon we dug a hole large enough to contain the wret ched remains of the massacre, and put them mer cifully out of sight. We slept sound after our work, and next morning started early, both feel ing that we had about come to the end of our trip. Five miles down the creek we came on to auriferous country and some old workings in a gully leading down from one of the ranges, the first sign, beyond the dead bodies, that we had yet seen of the white man's former presence. For more than a fortnight we prospected that place industriously, but, beyond the merest show, we obtained nothing. The auriferous belt was small, and dwindled off higher up the range, and was overlaid by the desert formation. We tried the old workings, and got a little shobty gold that had been left behind, but the extent of the work that had been done, and the way it had been fol lowed, it was evident that the former prospectors had struck a patch, and worked it out for all it was worth. We tried some, of the dirt left on the bank, and got a little gold out of that; then we decided to give It up and return. . I had an idea of taking up -tbe country and selling it for pas toral purposes; that, with the. little gold we had got, would give us something' over -our expenses. 'I wonder what Bornstock did with the gold?' said Ned the night before .w$ started back, 'and winy he brought men as mates out. here?' 'He must have been threatened by the blacks when by himself, and wanted company, and help.' 'I suppose so,' answered Ned, 'anyhow, I don't think that he took the gold into Goran Gerup, He planted it somewhere, and I guess I know where.' Ned turned his back defiantly to me, and would say no more. Next morning he «aid he wanted to go round by the peak, and. we went round. 'Now, old man, we arejeoing to open that grave again.' ?;.-..« ? ?? ?'; I started, and Ned's idea flashed across me at once, and we set to work; The .corpse lay there as we had left it, only, perhaps from being exposed to the air, it seemed to have, shrunk up more. 'I wonder if the blanket will bold to lift him out; he's light enough, poor.devil,' said Ned. We tried, and lifted the body out with ease. Un derneath was another 'one! ' \ ;, .;. 'This is a family vault,' Baid Ned. 'This must be mate No. L But he must come out.' He was more of a skeleton than the other, and he was soon deposited on the brink of the grave. Then we searched. ;/ ?-. : /*- .'??- The gold was there, -underneath the two murder ed men. Altogether it finally gave us about £5000 each. We put the dead men back, packed our treasure, and started, vowing -never to revisit the spot. On our way back, after passing the tree marked 'climb,' we kept a sharp lookout for the scene of the tragedy in- which Loony Jones must have baa a hand; but we aid not find It. Bornstock,' the murderer; ana probable nwrhman, is the only one whose bones lle^iomewhereVw *- burled, picked ly-cr»w-and:ding6. , 