THE MISERIES OF DYSPEPSIA EFFECTUALLY ERADICATED. THE CASE OF MRS. CLARKE. (From the "Nepean Times," N.S.W.) (By Our Special Reporter.) Directions were pty on to our reporter to look as Mrs Clarke, of Woodroyd- street, Penrith Onmll mg the pressman received a cordial reception and T inquiring about her illness, Mrs Clarke said " I drat guessed there was aonietbiasthonnUi. when I found that I couldn't do my ordinary,! I felt rest 13 and relaxed, and if I wanted to out anywhere I felt so tired by the time that I had finished dressing that I often changed my mind and took my things of again Then I began to note I twitching, picking pin between the shoulders A LIFE got w ease and worse At night it gave us the most distress , that the ring of it was a great that night after night I was not able to lie down. but sat up in bed, as it was easier to hear the corn in that position , and as for sleep-why, I hardly ever got an hour's rest from evening to morning So bad as that ."' b " Yes, and all this time C had a heart, sick head, ache tait never ceased, and my food disagreed with me every time I took it After eating I felt no oppression on my chest, and I wouldlmvegivn the world to time thrown it up again But there it stuck cold and undigested, till it turned sour and brought on windy spasms. There was always a nauseous taste in my mouth which nothing could remove It is no wonder that I was so thin and weal, and of a pallid, min wholesome colour People used to say that I looked more like a walking ghost than a human being, but I looked no worse than I felt I had to give up to me to a work , it was no use, I couldn't do it Tortured with unceasing headaches, and harassed by the actor ending nuns in my back, he seemed not 5 worth the living, and everything was a miser A. Meal times, which, to those who are in health, is a tittle of cheerful gathering, only wearied me, for I had no appetite and our) ate when I was actually obliged to " " Things couldn't last long like that," Bald our reporter. ' You to mistaken a woman takes a be of kill, mg, tor, on and off I was ill for three years, and always getting worse" " Surely the doctors could relieve you * ' "Nothing of the sort the doctors could do nothing for me Their physic quite filled to its object 1 can't stop to tell you now how many different pills and other things I took trying to get relief If they were all put together I believe this bottles of medicine and boxes of pills I took would fill backers Every penny of the money I paid (for these things was utterly wasted, and I can hardly understand how my) poor body stoo I it all It was quite plain that none of these remedies hit of! my disease, so I ceased taking medicine altogether but I grew no better A sluggish tort or less heavily on me all day, my eyes were dim and swollen and yet I was not able to sleep and at night never could find an easy position in which I could get a few hours' rest windi I need so badly, to exceedingly acute were the torture" w loch affected me I prove very dejected A great weight of despair hung over me like a clock The conversation of my husband and children was not able to arouse or interest mc Lower and lower I sank and got weaker and weaker, till very often I thought that my spark of life was going out, and that I was about to die Mediaue had seemed useless, and I could not see a gleam of hope anywhere, and yet at last I found a remedy that defeated the disease which had got hold of me " Yes, what ." " "Clements Tonic I was repeatedly advised to take it, but I put it down it as being about as much use as the other things which I had I swallowed But I was quite out of my reckoning, for, their F did Riva in and commenced to take it an immense difference was easily seen in my general health after only one large bottle The dull appearance about the eye! gave place to a brighter and he either look I mean took a pleasure in reading and the company's friends, who complimented me upon my ronrLelim* provement I obtained four more bottles of Clements Tonic It brought a) strong Iii buck splendidly), and my headache and the pains in rat back gave me less trouble and pain after every dose I felt quite sprightly and lively in the day) time, instead of heavy and stupid as I used to do, and at night, not feeling any pain to speak of, long sleep began to be a regular thing No day passed but what I toasted further towards his usual vigorous health Once! sent my toDd away, but now I called for more and it did me good, digested easily, and I began to nil out all over T avoided any chance of a relapse 07 sticking to Clements house even after I thought I was convalescent All traces of pain and disease were business and I was robust and vigorous again, thanks to that line remedy, Clements Tonic, and I need hardly tell you I'm never hair without a bottle in the house. It cured me You see I am in perfect health now , I hope I over shall be No one knows the misery and despair of one is ill health except those who suffer it I am glad to give the credit to Clements Tonic. it did work for the and! don't care who knowest, for you or Clement Tonic people can publish what I've said ID any way) you like." 