CHILDREN'S COLUMN, ?FLAJCTNIGA-N'S LAST FLUTTER. I didn't like the ring of it from the first. There was the plan of the mansion done something beautiful ; and there was Flash Harry, holding bis breath after rattling off the most fascinating tale that ever made a misguided man's blood go smoking hot. Yet, as I sit there, fingering the tioketof leave in my pocket, I'd have given sove reigns for the courage to catch him by the ruck and put him outside — but the way that man always had with him was some thing past words. ' 'Tain'fc fair ?' I whisper, wiping my forehead. ' You try someone else, I took my solemn oath last time ? ' 'And didn't I, too?' he says, in stag gering earnest. ' Bill Fiannigan, mind you ain't mad. We've both of us turned up risking and running ; it's no class whatever. But this here — why, I'm coming and pushing sacks o' golden quids inside your door. The others 'ud lose their heads over being millionaires at n, stroke ; yon wouldn't. Look at it ! There's the house, seventeen solid miles from London, and only one or two bloated village coppers anywhere near. It as good as empty — the 'Colonel fetched tho whole family up to town yesterday for a month. There's four servants left in charge. Here's the butler's store-room ; between that and the dining-room Bill, boy, there's enough white metal to blind your eyes. See that dot ? That's the Colonel's dressing-room. You'll just unlock it and fill his own bag, Binging to yourself all the time, while I pack up the silver neat, If the safe's there, you'll please yourself. Next dot — my lady's room, and the girls' next to that. We sample the larder, write ' adieu ' on every door, and roam down to the village, where I've a trap waiting in a lane. I shall take a saloon for America, and you — well, you oan stay quiet, work out your ticket, and then float a mining company and bust the market. . . . Your hand — settled ! We take train to-morrow night, and we can take the swag about 4 a.m., when a servant can't be woke 1' That was it, and so it happened that, a bit before dawn, two days later, I found myself acreep, creeping down that cursed ? corridor in Colonel Armstrong's country house. Harry FlaBh was feeling his way down below ; you could hear your heart ticking, and yet I'd never felt more shaky and doubtful. One more step I took, and then— - wallop 1 I'd gone sprawling, the sweat oozing out on me like beads, and in my ears the most horrid sound of bells jangling, as it seemed, all over the house. What next? Flash Harry's rush down there, then a spell of horrible silence. As I struggled up, half stunned, and groped fur tho wire that had been stretched low across there, bang goes the door, and someone came tear ing up those stairs, and calling someone else. I went flying down that corridor, turned the corner, and came to more stairs, one up and one down. Never reckoning, I dashed up ; and perhaps that saved me for a time — the man after me must have gone down. J was on the top landing, under a slanting roof, everynerve in mered-hot. Corneredl? No ; there was a trap, or skylight, jubc overhead, with the half-light showing through like a gleam of salvation. Upon the banister ! I found the bolt, just managed to shoot it back, and banged open the trap. One ppring and I caught ythe outer ledge, and had dragged myself through — waiting- for the shout of dis covery underneath. It never came. For what seemed solid years I lay there, not daring to move a mnscle, praying for daylight, whatever happened. I could just hold on, without knowing what was above or below, ex pecting every minute a policeman's nob to bob up through the trap. But no ; it got lighter and lighter, and at last the poor November aun broke out. That meant it must be nigh on eight o'clock. And I hadn't moved ! Fairly sick and desperate, I lifts my head at last to look behind. Ugh ! Thero wore the brown fields right down below, and — and — why, was that a waterspout sticking up at f.he corner, only a fo*,v yards away ? Yes. Then it was my chance, if I could only get to it. My feet against the gutter, I started worming along sideways till my boots touched the epout, and I had only to turn round head downwards on the greasy slant, » t I couldn't again, but I did it somehow. One breath I took in, and then peered down, raady for anything. Was I dreaming? That pipe reached clear to the ground, and there wasn't a policeman or anyone else to be seen. The amazing fool I'd bean ! Quick as thought I laid hold of the pipe, worked myself off the edge, and went scrambling down it like a cat, gripping easily with hands and knees. Down, down, until I could have writ myself down safe aB eggs — when a door just below opened, and someone stepped calmly out. A woman ! One horrid Btare, then a screech that went right through me ; but I didn't wait for the rest. I dropped, dashed along by the wall, through a gateway, and went off up that road at a pace that made everything swim before me. Clear away ? No — horrors ! — as I turned the corner, I gave one back-look to see if the shout meant anything ; and there waB a man just Btart iog after me on a bicycle affair. I rushed on another hundred yards before that Bweet gap in the hedge sent the thought into me — a bicycle was no good in a field. Staggeiing over the ruts I went for bare life, praying for one more chancp. Another hedge — another look back. Aye, he was after me, trundling his roundabout across, shouting like mid. Whoop ! I'd tumble out into a road again. All up now ! Thire was a sharp bend; turning for the last time, I just see his wheel wobbling bs he got astride i*. One moro spurt, and then, just as I was swinging round with my tints up, I ppied the ghost of a chance — ;i high, spiked brick wal', and the branch of an elder-tree hang ing over it. One wild jump I took, caught the branch, wriggled up, went to lay along tho spikes till he'd passed, lost my balance, and toppled over — a good twelve feet. Thpn came a dark blank — a beauty. It was the sound of talking that brought me to in a fright. I was lying b3hind the tree on a heap of dead leaves. I rubbed my eyes hard — T made eure I'd dropped into a prison yard. Why, there was a big stretch of grouud, laid out to look like a garden, and a bii» red- brick building at the far end. I could make out one or two chapa like warders working about down there, and a nurse tripping along with a basin. But it was the sight of about a score of men walking about the grounds all droased much alike in a sort of grey stuff that made me felch my breath so sharp. What on earth were they up to, strolliog up and down so nic'i and easy ? And then of a sudden I hit it — I'd chucked myself into a work-houBo grounds, and these were the paupers filling their poor lun^s with the bles3ed free nir. Bashed about, hungry, afraid to breathe loud, all in a tremble — yes, I'd go through it all acain rather than hear the beak ask ing what was up against me besides thiB job. And never — never no more ! All eyes and ears, I peered about. The paupers, they was a healthy, contented looking lot enough — all bar one chap'* that somehow caught on my eye from the first You could see at a glance that he was no regular ' house ' man, and ielt the sting: of being there cruel. He walked round and round by hisself, avoiding the others. Twice he'd been right by me, head down and mournful as possible — a man of about my own class, and reddish whiskers some what similar. But I didn't take that Inet in till he came by me the third time; aud then — there, you might have stunned me with a baby's rattle — if he didn't shake hands hard with hisself, lookup pitiful, and say : ' Oh, for justice ! Oh, to throw off these hated rags and taste the old liberty for one hour !' That wao the man's words. And me — well, I didn't know properly what was in ray mind even then, but before I knew it, or saw my way at all, I blurted out in a husky bias : — ' Right you are, matey — change clothes.' 'W-who's that 1 ' Tell you, I made certain I'd put my head into the rope — such a start he gave at seeing me there, goggle-eyed at the rummy inspiration his look and word gave me And ho was flv — pretended to be looking up. ' Keep still ! Who are you !' he asks, very soft. ' I'm — the new cook,' I gasps. 'What's up ? Did you mean that there — you'rn dying1 to h«ive an hour out on your own ? Can't you do it in that clobber ?' For, do you see all I could grasp nt was, if such a thing could happen that he got outside in my suit, they would be after him for a burglary, while I could slip out at tho workhouse door and cut the neighborhood before they found their mistake. And the way that man went white showed he meant, it whatever his idea. ' You don't know this place,' he says; ' you must be Btnrk mad to come here. It's worse than a prison — eyes in eveiy corner — a disgrace to civilization. Twice I've sot away and been brought back. Why ! Because, if I once got to London, I could loy claim to a vast fortune — and get it. And my relations know it, and are keeping me here without a peony as long as they can. Yes, sir ; I'm the real Arohibald Salvage. It's a scandal that ought to be in the newspapers.' ' L^r !'' I whispers, reeking with sweat for fear of someone coming alonjj. ' Then let's be quick — how can wo do it ? There's nine bob in one of those pockets, and it's halves. Where — quick !' ' We're all right,' he says, still gazing. 'Providence sent you, and Providonoo will ropay you. Don't you roo tho tool house ia the corner 1 Go on your hands and knees — now. . . . Safe — that's it. Can you see 1 Then — oif with 'em.' Well I I could have burst with chuckling, only for fear, I could harlly believe it was all true, but you could scarcely count fifty before thero we was in each other's clothes, and he was scut tling back along tho wall to behind that elder — the very spit of me, what with peaked cap and corduroys. And that man that had hated the union so — well, I wasn't going to give myself away. I didn't dare draw breath till he'd got off my shoulders on to the spikes, dropped over with a thud, and hobbled off up the road groaning1. Gone ! There I stood,, shaking all over after it, wondering whether I got out of one hole into a deeper. The pauper togs felt rummy and skimpy, and I was no hand at. breaking stones, if it came to that; somehow, as I looked it up and down, I couldn't make up my mind to try sneaking out of the front door, with out being, noticed. No ; I'd give him ten minutes start, and then risk the wall and the fields again. That wasn't to be. Presently my pulse gives a fresh bound as one of those official ; fellows comes walking up my way. Just in timo I recollected my book, stepped out into the path, and began roaming around same as the rest, with my head down and hands together, like that other follow. What to say, what to do flrat, I couldn't think nohow ; my nerves were fair on edge all the time, as I sided near the house and tried to get the bearings of it before some thing happened. I'd never been in any workhouse before, but I reckoned that a dinner-bell or something ought to ring soon, and bring me a sort of chance. They'd be sure to know all about the burglary job by now — Lor' ! every minute was making it more ticklish. And one of the other pauper ohaps seemed to be edg ing near me. ' Er — well, my lord,' he says, In a high preachy voice, stopping ; ' still brooding ?' I stares up, and down again quick. Halloa, I thinks, that fellow was a duke or something, come down to this ! ' Yus, mate,' I says, afraid to pick my words. ' Always a- brooding — doomed to it. Ii/a that vast fortune does it.' I knew I'd spoken wrong, but I was clean taken off my heels when be stepped up, cool as a cucumber, and give my ear a nasty lug, and then another. Up went my_ fist, without knowing it. I could have shouted. 'Here, what game's this?' I Bays. ' Jer, don't yon take no liberties like that again.' ' L-liberties !' The way that man drew hisself up and let his lungs go was some thing paralysing. ' You're intoxicated, sir,' he says. ' Look at your dirty face. Liberties ! How dare you address the man who ought to be on the throne of Prussia in that familiar way? You know who I am as well as I do. You're a low French. spy — I've said so all. along.' ' Ob,' I gasps. It would out, though my heart was fair in my moutb. I see the others giggling and nudging each other, anl I never could stand being chipped uuder any circumstances. ' Oh, nice day f -r an outing, ain't it ? Throne o' Prussia, eh? The ratepayers '11 be keeping quite a tidy few of your lot over here soon, won't they ? Ain't we all come down in tho world ?' Next momen1 — oh, what wouldn't I have given if I'd only let that chap pull my other ear, and edged on. How did it happen ? I'll never properly know, many a time as I've dreamed it all ever since. Red to white he went, and back again ; aud then with a bowl nowhere near human, ha came at me, his mouth gaping open. And I reckon the bowl I sent up wasn't eo inferior, for there's the marks to this blessed minute to show where his teeth olosed on my nose. Arms and legs around me ho was biting and tearing in a fashion that put all the fear out of mo. Cumberland style I might managed— but that there ! Scratch, bite, bang! — wo was at it ; now up, now down; and in the ecrimmage I could make out all the other chaps c'apping theit hands and bobbing up and down like marionettes. And the noise ! The place was alive with it \ it rings in my ears now. Bash, bite, thump. Someone was trigging at me bohind now, but, lor ! I was letting drive at everything that came near me. Yea ; and then of a sudden, when every thing was just beginning to spin round, the horrid truth of it all flished into my br:\in. I'd caught a shout. ' George, quick — pidded room here ! Ring up the doctor! Q'lick, I can't hold him. Thero'o something wrong.' . Hold him. Padded room ! . . . Lor' ! would I evor forgot how my boiling blood wont ice cold ? Workhouse ? Nary bit of it. I'd just got into a madhouse, sirs*, and that savuge chap and tho King of Prussia fellow, and these skipping rn iriunetlos— - ? ;tbey were all drivelliog maniacs! And bere ..... One more screech I let off, one smash at the men tiying to bear me down ; and then I was off with the whole lot after me. Terror.? — It was never tbe word, for the minute I reckon I was clean fit for their padded room, chains and all. In about a dozen bounds I'd got to the toolhouse ; in another I was a-top of it — sprung for the spikes and wriggled over iu a frei zy. Down to the blessed road I bounded, their b .'11 ringing like mad. Which way — which way 1 A thousand quid for a deep hole I One thrilling pause — then a beautiful baker's cart came rattling by, -with only a bit of a boy in charge ; and in half a jiffy I'd swung myself up at the back, snatched hold of the reins, and set that horse going like a Derby winner. Fly! I didn't stop till we'd covered a good ten miles, s*nd then, at a lonely spot, I got down and made off across country with half a loat and t'other fellow's hat and coat — the last bit of thievine I'll ever &v; my fingers to in this world. And pretty reading I reckon that baker-boy's tale made when he got back ; by that time I lay gasping and sweating along the seat of a t hi id- class car riage, and the shiny rails reached afore me right to London town. Back home, I never stirred out or touched a paper for a week. And the rest — well, it don't concern anyone. Enough that I can look anyone straight in the face across my little oyster stall to-day; and that if Flash Harry's step ever sounds on my'stair8 again — well, there's a quick step bit of music waiting for him to dance to. 