Old Time Fights. to the editor op the sun. Sir, — The pertinacious " Dubbo," with the assistance of an amanuensis, chal lenges " Cambrian" to deposit the modest sum of £50 that he the invincible " Dubbo" of the seventies defeated Frank Brew, ana on tne strength or a telegram he re ceived from Mr. Nathan, of Melbourne. Now, Sir, I was on the stage on the night of the 5th J une, 1876, at the Polytechnic Hall, when Peter Newton ably seconded Brew on to victory. Mick Nathan may have been on the stage, but he took no in the contest. Joe Thompson, his brothers, Jack and Barney, with several well-known bookies of that time ; Tommy Treacy, Jack Newton, Jack Donovan, and others of that ilk, who gave exhibi tions of sparring and wrestling to make the contest a success. So far, so good, about the Brew-Dubbo fight. Now as regards Jack Bevan. "Dubbo" must be a per- verter of the truth when he declares he knows nothing about Bevan. Just to freshen up his obtuse memory : " Dubbo" was at Hamilton, Yictoria, in the early part of December, 1877, at the races. Jem Mace, Harry Sellars, Peter Newton, Frank Brew, George Arnott, "Novice Joe, and Jack Leedman had a boxing tournament in which Bevan won the admiration of those present for his spars with Newton, Brew and Arnott ; and on the next night getting all over "Dubbo" and Mat Burns. James Wilson, of St. Albans fame, was present on that occasion and other leading sports. With reference to my compel ency in classing boxers, " Dubbo " knows right well that he never had a ghost of a show with Farnan, Newton, Lees, and Peter Boland, men who in their day were fighters — not wind bags.. As- regards the £10 deposit, I shall take no notice of it, as it is only bluff on " Dubbo's " part ; but I guarantee the readers of the Sun a liberal donation to the local charities ("Dubbo" also to give his £I0)in the event that he cannot prove his victories over Brew, Newton, Farnan, and Peter Boland. These are a few of the many who donkey- licked "Dubbo." The next time " Dubbo " has the impudence to state that he has the reputation of a boxer he should give details of his gory battles with Tom Luff, Billy Lord, and l®?lloky" Eaves in sunny New South Wales- " Dubbo " knows what his repu tation was in Hay and Deniliquin— not a very enviable one from a citizens' point of I view. " Dubbo's " gasconade of old time fights goes down very well with those of the present generation, who take rtas the gospel of "Dubbo." If Dubbo is in real earnest, and wishes to preserve his spotless character and reputation in the classic ring of pugilism, let him furnish the Sun with the date! location, and the names of reputable per sons who witnessed these terrific fights. tt, » pu«,Ac can whether Dubbo or Cambrian " is giving the truthful account of- old time fights iu which Dubbo" took so prominent a part.— Yours, etc., . CAMBRIAN. December 26 1899. _ -A- San Francisco despatch states that an English girl, named Lizzie Downe, is abont to start for London, after a some what remarkable experience of the ways of the Alormons. It is alleged she was brought there through false representa tion of some Mormon missionaries, who maltreated her because she refused to become somebody's tenth wife. The authorities at San Francisco are sending her to her sister at Kensington. The Coolgardie Miner last week bad occasion to howl about the terrible tax ation in the Transvaal, and printed a list of the most grievous items. The foreign owned journal forgot to mention what the same lines were backsheeshed in W.A., so we do it instead : — Transvaal Western Australia Butter, 5s. every 1001b. 16s. 80. every 1001b Cheese, 5s. every 1001b. 16s. 8d. every 1001b Guns, 10s. per barrel. 10 per cent Gup powder, 8d. a lb. 4d. per lb. Soaps, 5s. every 1001b. 5s. per 1121b. Toilet, 10s. every 1001b. 20 per cent. Preserv d meats, 7£ p.c. OR per lb. Fresh fruits, 71 p. cent. 10 per cent Spirits, 10s ; over proof, 16s. per gallon. £1 per gal. Vegetables, 7i percent. 15 per cent, fresh, „ -x, , „ 0 P-c- preserved. So that after all the Transvaal tariff is more than 50 per cent, lower than the Westralian. 