The. Hunger off the Churches. TO THE EDITOR. . Sik,— The Arous is to be cdmmended for the able manner in which it introduced the subject, some weeks ago, of the great gulf that seemed to be fixed between the Pulpit and Pew in Parramatta. Your correspondent ' Walpitt ' is to be thanked for introducing — and very ably, too—the position of the Pew, and with him I en tirely agree, having much knowledge of circumstances, upon -which no light has as yet been thrown'by the short controversy that has taken place. It seems a great pity, however, that the defence of the Pulpit has been, left solely to one of its occupiers, and a further pity that the defence has been made from a place that the Pew cannot in the ordinary way reach up to. Personally, I had no desire to enter into, the controversy at all, because I believe ' Walpitt ' quite capable .of defending his position ; but I find, in reading to-day's Argus, that the Bev. J. C. Martin has re iterated his statement that there is 'bread' at hand for the hungry .souls of this town, if they will only ' come to church ' ,to get it — (which is the literal meaning) ; and that he further remarks that this statement on his part has not been refuted. I venture to state, sir, without laying a charge against any, single pastor, that a very strong and deliberate refutation is given to the statement by the fact that the people continue to stop awayf rom church, and endeavor to satisfy their inward crav ings by an indulgence in outward pleasures. If things were contrariwise in the churches of to-day to what they are, this could not be said: 'There is a hunger in the churches.' I have heard ministers say the same .thing,, but in different words. In a former sermon of the Bev. J. C. Martin's (published in The Argus), the rev. gentleman in defending his brethren of the pulpit against ' Walpitt's '?' charges, said that Christ's experience proved that ' a preacher may be thoroughly faithful in his work and yet find the human heart obdurate.' I doubt it. The comparison is not : sound. The condition of the people in Christ's day was that they were looking for a Messiah, and so many false Christs had appeared and deceived the people, that they' had become hardened in unbelief. They ex pected a Messiah to establish his kingdom on earth. They were not a people who, like ourselves, were educated in historical facts that Christ's life, crucifixion, burial, resurrection and ascension, wer» a fulfilment of Scripture. These facts were ocularly demonstrated to them, and subsequently the knowledge of the truth that Scripture was fulfilled in Him bore abundant fruit after Pentecost. Since that time the con dition of the world has been different. The people to-day have not been brought up in ignorance or been swayed by Jewish tradition ; so that, as I' have said, the com parison is unsound. . We have to deal with present oircum stances, which are as bad as they make them. Starting with the people who go to church : What are their circumstances ? Are they what they ought to be— -or are they anything approaching what they ought to be ? Let us ask the question— ' Have they received the Holy Ghost since they believed 1' If they speak truly, they will answer as did they of old — ' We have not so much as/heard that there be any Holy Ghost?' And I ask, sir, who is responsible for this ? Is it the Pew, or is it the Pulpit? . Again, since a comparison has been made of the condition of the people in the days of 'His Flesh ' and- the people of to-day, let us also make a comparison of the apostles (who were tho earliest preachers of Christianity) and the preachers of to-day. The apostles of old had no other teacher than The Word. Paul's wonderful con ception of Christ was due to the close and unceasing study of that Word beforo his conversion, and the revelation of the Truth given to him at and after his conversion. Paul's various Epistles are simply his commentary upon the Word. The preachers sermons to-day are criticisms and eulogies of those commentaries. Paul's life was controlled by the spirit of Truth revealed in that Word, and he endeavoured to shape his life arid teaching according to the teaching of the Perfect Man who had called him to be the Great Apostle to the Gentiles, who said that 'Man should not live alone by the bread that perisheth, but by every word that proceodeth from the Father.' His preach ing was successful. Tho churches of old frequently fell into sin — that was natural ; but they were rallied again by the same strong and truthful Word, which was 'the bread of life sent down from heaven.' The other 'apostles taught likewise. The records of their teaching are .inspiring, and if left alone will do more good in feeding the hungry than al^ present-day exposi tions. But, alas 1 they are not let alone. The Word is not rightly divided, and tho ' common people ' do not hear it gladly as of old. The preachers of the Nineteenth Century have, in my opMon; a lotto answer for. There are ' exceptions, of course ; but I am taking the big average. Paul preached ' Christ crucified.' , The Nineteenth Century preacher praises Paul, and lauds Paul's opinion on things in general to the skies ; expatiates on theories concerning Paul's experiences ; dilates on John's exposition of love ; commends Peter's wonderfully impetuous nature, and boldness of character-; and recommends James' ideas on work ; and more often than not asks his auditors to accept Paul, Peter or John, «&c;, as their example of living, declaring in effect that .the life of Christ, was too pure to ?.'.?imitate, and that His simple teaching was. not really meant to be followed to the letter. It is like tanta lising a child, by holding a delicious morsel over its open mouth, arid then substituting for it a bitter pill. And yet it is said this sort of stuff is 'broad,' and the hungry are asked to eat it.' . I contend, sir, contrary to what has been said on the other side of the question, that if true spiritual food is fed to tho people, they will come in flocks aud (herds to par take of it ; if the people who do go to church taste of this food they will grow strong; word that there is '-corn in the land ' will sproad far and «ido ; and the influence upon the people for their good will bo incalculable; and political, social and commercial life will be improved. In conclusion, (and I have already wrifcton a too lengthy letter) let ma point to one fact to prove my own and ' Wal pitt's ' case (fpr it is one) — How havo the preachers of to-day criticised that wonderful exposition of Christianity in Sheldon's ' In his Steps ?' It may be called ' Socialism '; but it is food that has been properly cooked and served. Tho nourishing effects of it .arc being widely felt, and I am glad to know that many preachers in the old country, and several colonial preachers of my acquaintance are being materially helped to minister to the needs of the HALF-STABVED PEW. Ma/ 6, 1899. 