ABOUT MEN AND WOMEN (By CITIZEN.), Mr. E. Webb, M..L.C, an ex-Mayor of :; Bathurst, New South' Wales; who recently ; died in that city, was a Cornishman, and he went to school with Sir James Boucaut. The foundation-stone of the McKinlay memorial in the main street of Gawler - was laid by Sir /John Forrest, a brother explorer, and the fact is duly recorded on the tablet attached. Mr. 'Christie' Bagot was a surveyor on the Overland telegraph line from 1870 to 1872, during which time he did a fair amount of exploration. He conducted Sir Charles Todd and a party from the North ern Territory to Adelaide. i Tihefei are txvo llotels in Beltana, but Dotii belong to the same owner, and' one ' of them is now closed. Mrs. Harvey, who presides over -the fortunes of the other, is a most graceful and. capable lady, and no city hostelry is better kept than the 'Royal Victoria.' tf Captain Anderson, of the steamer Inves tigator, is very popular with passengers. For many year.s he has been in charge of ships trading to gulf and souiu-eastern ports. When enjoying his pet brand of cigar, and in a ruminating mood he is ex ceptionally good company. A well-informed man is Mr. A. Moli neux, the secretary and founder of the Agricultural Bureau. Like many other old colonists he has engaged in various pur suits, including farming, butchering, wood carting, printing gold digging, and editing. He wiii be 67 years of Hge on July 11. Lord Lamington, the Governor of Queensland, intends with Lady Lamington, to leave Queensland in September next for England. It is stated that his Excel lency's trip in no way implies his retire ment at the end of the six months' leave, .for which he has applied to the Imperial -Government. +* There are many old St. Peter's College - Boys in West Australia, and when Mr. Girdlestone, the headmaster, was recently in Perth they entertained him at a smoke social. Altogether 27 former students at tended, the eldest of them being Mr. M. Samson, who left the school in 1858, while the next in seniority was Mr. W. A. Hughes, who ceased his* studies just 30 years ago. The best known and most highly respec ted resident cf Leigh Creek is Mr. J. \\\ . Duck, who is the banker and universal' provider of the town and district. He lived for many years at Blinman, and he was at Sliding Rock when the mine there, of which he has a very high opinion, was at its busiest. Mr. Duck owns two very promising copper shows within 20 miles of Leigh Creek, and both are now being worked upon tribute. Among other accom plishments he is 'the Champion cribbage player of the north.'' Sir John Downer completed bis 55 years ou Thursday, July 0. He is now tiie lather ot the House of Assembly, the re tirement of Mr. Landseer having 'promoted him to that position. He has represented Uarossa without a break since 1878, when he was returned for that district with Mr. Martin Basedow. Sir John tasted the sweets of Ministerial office as Attorney General under the late Sir John Bray, but he has twice Jed a Government of bis own. He is a native of Adelaide and was edu cated at St. Peter's College. At a meeting of the district council of Stirling last week the members bade good- bye to Councillor G. F. Cleland, and at the same time presented him with a large portrait of himself, the excellent work of- Messrs. Hammer & Co., of Ade laide. The Chairman, Mr. W. H. Milford, and Mr. Evans referred to the good work done by Mr. Cleland, who previously had many years' experience as a councillor in another district. Mr. Cleland, in thank ing his colleagues for their handsome pre sent, which came as a surprise to him, spoke of tiie good feeling which had al ways existed in the council. ]t was largely owing to Mr. Cleland's energy that the new front was added to the Stirling West Institute. Mr. Rathbone, the manager of the South Australian Ostrich Farm at Port Augusta, has held that post for the last (seven years, and now has 500 birds on the 11,000 acres of land under his control. He takes a great interest in local affairs, but is never happier than when showing visitors over his well-conducted domain. During the last few years Mr. Ratlibone has had to contend against bad seasons, but with the recent rise in the price of feathers and the prospects of a good season, lie is very hope ful for the future. Mr. Rathbone, who hails from Great Britain, is sanguine that tlie copper industry will soon revivify Port Augusta. During hie spare time he de lights in analysing copper ore from shows in the district, lie is an enthusiastic ama teur photographer, and has produced some splendid photos of the company's farm snd of tlie birds. When Mr. Warden Gee was recently at Mount Fitton he became possessed of one of those dread lethal weapons, a bone. An aboriginal named Bob originally obtained it from a medicine man with the idea of pointing it at Fred, a local half-caste, but the opportunity failed to arise, and, after much persuasion, Bob handed the instru ment of death over to the warden. It is part of the shin of a deceased nigger, and is covered with many cabalistic marks, its appearance being as that of the handle of a derelict toothbrush. Asked which was most reliable as a man- killer, a tione or a rifle? Bob answered, in tones of conviction, 'Bone best; gun good.' When a bone is pointed at a black man he incontinently lies down and gives up the ghost, unless some sace, in whom he has Implicit faith, comes along and 'takes the bone out of .him.' That, indeed, is part of his reli gion, so that the more aboriginally pious he is the more rapidly does the fatal effect ensue. Before he became a teacher of the deaf Mr. S. Johnson — the superintendent of the Brighton Blind, Deaf, and Dumb Institu tion—imparted knowledge to pupils who could hear. His work amongst the deaf and dumb was begun in Dublin 23 years - ago. In 1882 he came out to Melbourne . to till the position of headmaster of the Deaf and Dumb Institution there. On his ??- arrival he found that while the juvenile ??'-. deaf mutes were educated, and cared for in the institution, nothing was done for those who had left. Mr. Johnson brought : the matter before the public through the agency of the newspapers, and the Mel bourne Adult Deaf and Dumb Mission and ,,: Young Men's Improvement Society, -vere , established a year later. Similar societies were founded in Adelaide in 1890. Their - object is to take the general oversight , of . . mutes after they leave the institution, to . ? provide religious eei'viee for them; to ini- J. ; prove the education they receive at. ficfaool, : '? and to find work for those out of employ- '- , , . ment. Mr. Johnson married MisSjStokes, V a teacher in the Melbourne Deaf and ; ? ? Dumb Institution^ '' , ' -( ?;'? 