[?] TUBLISELED BT SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. Author of 'An Excellent Knave,' -'The Life *nd Adventures of Peg Woffington,', 'How Came He Dead,' 'A Justified Sinner,' ' On Wheels of Fire,' 'The Moat Gorgeous Lady Blegsington,' &c;, &o.; COPYRIGfff. CHAPTER XXVI.— (Continued.) I Something iu the words she had ' overheard, in the penetrating glance of the doctor, and above all in her own dis turbed feelings, made her distrustful of her condition. Without knowing why, she dreaded what she might hear from this man who was so famous an authority on health, whose word was as law. ' Bo you think, doctor, that I am ill, that I am very ill ?' she began, her eyes closely watching his expression whilst her judgment concluded that whatever her state, she might be sure of his sympathy. ' JNro, not seriously ill,' he auswered, slowly and decisively. Shu wondered that she did not feel greater relief at his words ; probably it was because she fancied something underlay them. ' Do you think I am threatened by' danger ?' she asked. ' Dangers lie ahead of us all ; it's the doctor's office to point them out, and the patient's business to steer clear of them. ' Tell me,1 she said, in a voice that hetrayed her keen anxiety, ' tell me candidly what form my danger takes.' ' Nervousness ; hysteria.' ' I thought so.' '.They are merely the result of a great shock ; Sir Philip's death, I helieve ? ' ' That was some time ago,' she interrupted. ' The effects have remained. I hear you suffer from hallucinations,1 Bicker steth remarked. ' I believe myself to have seen Sir Philip a few nights ago,' she admitted. ' That's it ; mere imagination ; a dangerous delusion.' life to what you call delusions,' she replied, with quiet melancholy. ' I dare say. But as nothing in nattire stands still, as everything grows, so has your nervousness increased, added by certain circumstances. It is full time that it was checked,' the doctor said, authoritatively. ' Supposing it was too late ? ' she said, a despairing expression in her eyes. ' It is never too late to attempt a cure. You must have constant change, freedom from excitement, perfect rest mentally and physically,' he answered .cheerily. He had evidently penetrated into the dark and troubled world of her mind, but she doubted if ho could bring it light and order. After a pause she said : — ' You helieve we inherit our organisa tions from our parents ? ' ' I believe in heredity.' ' 5Iy father does not know what nerves are. I suppose I inherit mine from m y mother ? ' ' Probably,' he replied, as he moved uneasily in his chair. ' I believe, doctor,' she remarked, ' you have great sympathy with all who suffer.' ' The greatest,' ' And would help them when pos sible.' ' All through my life I have endea voured to help others.' ' When you were in America ? ' 1 It's about the only country I never visited,' he interrupted.' A harassed, bewildered look came into her ej'es. Her father had dis tinctly stated it was in America the doctor had kept an asylum for the insane, and knowing him well in the past, he was certain to have been aware of the country iu which it had been established. Her father had therefore made a false statement in order to mis lead her. 'What his motive was she could not yet understand, though she was aware her mind was working its way through darkness to discover)-. ' Where was it you kept your asylum ?' she asked after a pause. ' Abroad,' he answered briefly. A sudden light flashed on her brain, making a revelation clear beyond all possibility of mistake. Her mother had suffered from nervousness ; some mys tery had always surrounded her; she had been a patient of Dr. 'Riekcrstcth ; she had died abroad. A black horror stood in Oriana's path, before which she recoiled with a terrible shrinking of the soul, and from which she knew there was no hope of escape. ' It was at Chantilly,' she said in a calm voice — a voice that seemed to pro nounce her own irrevocable doom. ' It was at Chantilly, and my mother was your patient there' This sudden statement surprised Piickersteth. who preserved a painful silence. A lie spoken at such a time would seem an outage. She had guessed the truth. Though his experiences had been mauy and terrible -whilst amongst those whose minds were blighted, yet he had never endured so painful a moment as this, had never felt so wrathful with those reckless and selfish men and women who in becoming parents bring bitter sufferings on their children, the helpless victims sacrificed to a pitiless fate. 'My mother was mad — my mother wa.= mad,' she whispered, her face white as the dead, her eyes glowing with the fierceness of her mental torture. The sight recalled to him a young wife and mother parted from her hus band and child, a woman beautiful in the d:izzling fairness of her complexion and the red gold of her hair, a woman ?with an agonised brain and distraught soul, Moved to intense pity, he placed one hand on that of his hostess, and said iu a voice whose kindness touched her even at that terrible moment : 'My dear Lady Tregazkes, believe me you need not disturb yourself be cause of what you have surmised. Insanity most frequently skips a generation.' ' The wonder is I did not know, did not suspect it before,' she said, as if speaking to herself. 'And a? for that,' he went on, ' there are really very few persons who are not mad on some point or another, though they make excellent members of society.' She hardly heeded his words ; nothing could com fort this forlorn woman ; every hour of her future concealed a terrible possibility. ' Does Rigel know ?' she asked sud denly, in a voice that echoed with despair. ' No.1 ' Don't tell him yet ; don't tell any one,' she implored. ' Certainly not.' ' Thank you. .Now I must go. I must be alone,' she said. 1 Don't come down to dinner ; 1 will make explanations and see you are not disturbed. But I will come and see yon myself two or three times between this and night. You must regard me as your friend as well as your medical adviser,' Bickersteth said. 'Thank you, thank you,' she mur mured, as she rose. ' I feel terribly alone in life. God help me. God help me now.' CHAPTER, XXVII. Fakkwkll. That evening whilst her husband and her guests were sitting at dinner, Oriana, exhausted and miserable, lay on a couch in the shaded light of her sitting-room, unflinchingly facing the situation before her. The first hours of horror and bewil derment on learning of her mother's disease were now succeeded by that calm which arises from despair, during which she reviewed her past aud ex amined herself, as if she would gauge how far the dread malady had eaten into her life. She remembered that even whilst at school she had suffered in a subtle way unexperienced by her companions. What had lightly passed by them had affected her sensitive temperament. Unknown to and unsuspected by those around she had dwelt in a world of her own that was convulsed by wild am bitions aud extraordinary desires, or made gloomy by depressions for which there seemed no cause. Emotion and imagination had played inordinate parts in her inner life. She had been subjected to apprehension so vague as to be nameless, yet so vivid as fr- np unpiiriiirnhlp. Thp Vipnrhlnnr'li ness that makes existence a waste had always been hers. She saw now she had never been as others. Fear or pain had for ever darted between her and her keenest pleasures, poisoning them when she would enjoy. She had been haunted by a spectre whose name she did not know until now ; a spectre that had goaded her to bitterness and rebellion; that had inspired her with desperate thoughts; that had forced her to acts she was unable to control. She had been cursed from birth. By the light her new-gained knowledge cast on her past she judged of her feel ings towards lligel ; of the fascination she had felt for one who had never sought to win her affection ; her fierce longing for his love ; her intense jealousy ; the avowal she had felt com pelled to make ; her fears lest she might be unable to keep the secret of what she believed was his guilt. She had frequently looked back upon the midnight scene in the guard- room, as upon a hideous nightmare ; its recol lections had made her burn with humiliation ; had made her turn with repugnance from herself. To-day she thought with some touch of self-pity it was perhaps the knowledge that she never could really know what happiness was, that had made her so desperately anxious to realise it at any cost, Here was the growth of that disease more terrible than death. What fault was hers that she should suffer from this horrible taint ; that she should have been doomed from birth to struggle in darkness ? AVas there, after all, truth in the philosophy that taught that we suffer in this life for the sins committed in a previous existence ? In what other way could the wrongs endured by the innocent, the maladies and miseries that are the lot of many stainless men and women from the cradle to the grave, be accounted for ? 'What poor creatures we were, grop ing our painful way through darkness, understanding ourselves so little, under standing those nearest to us less — each a riddle to the other. For ever and for ever there broke upon her mind, as might waves upon a beach, the horror of her incurable malady. To be dogged by this hideous^ menacing shape — not to know what, terror the future might produce, what calamity its darkness cloaked. — was unendurable. In that direction lay her cruellest fear. Kor was her dread for herself alone, but because of him who was dearer to her than life — whose life she had spoilt. He had not hesitated to sacrifice himself for her, and now that a more pressing need for sacrifice on her part arose, would she hesitate to spare him the endurance of a tragedy that might be spread over years ; to set Him hvo. 'roni the bondage of such a mindless wreck a? she might become any day — any hour? Then whilst dwelling o« tin's terrible thought she pichnr.l to herself what might hnvo hi'en were slw :is others, .ind could have w-.iu jui.l hcM his love for her own. That would have t-oen heaven itself. Now her sense of loss and pain were such ns are associated with hell. To part with him would L-^ a violent heart- wren eh, for he wss the one thing in the world to which she citing; but if only for his sake, if only to preserve his unborn children from an inheritance «f darkness and despair, she must go hence. Once its necessity appeared clear to her she did not flinch from this idea — she did not shrink from facing the un known. But in mercy to herself she resolved that it must soon be carried out; for every moment between this and her last would be a separate agonv, because of the knowledge that with the passing of each, the time she could be near him grew shorter and brought her closer to a parting that might be eternal. So she lay there thinking out the details of her intended departure, whilst those below, unconscious of the tragedy she planned, ate, drauk, and made merry ! all but one, the doctor, who alone was aware of the knowledge that had come to her, of the darkness that engulfed her. It was lie who soon after dinner lapped at the door, and on being bidden to enter sat down beside her. 1 1 would not let Sir Rigel come up,' he said. ' I was afraid he might disturb you.' Oriana made no reply, and Bickersteth, little suspecting how she hated him for keeping away her husband, continued, as he felt her pulse : ' You are much calmer, much better.' ' I shall bo much more rested when I have slept,' she answered. ' That's right ; you must ho. brave,' the doctor said, sympathetically. ' 1 am going to be very brave,' she replied. At that he felt pleased, said he would make up a sleeping draught, which he would send her, and suggested that she should retire early. In tne morning it seemed plain to him she had decided to maintain her promise of being brave, for she came down to breakfast unexpectedly, whilst Lady George, Rigel, and himself -were at the table. They greeted her with pleasure, and assured her she looked well. Bickersteth accused himself of being an alarmist, and in the same breath excused himself for being the same, stating it was only one of the tricks of his trade to magnify an illness, that the patient's recovery might adver tise his doctor's skill. Oriana, who felt as might some poor forlorn ghost that had wandered back amongst the living whom it loved, was pleased by her welcome — such a wel come as she would never again receive. ' For my part, I am doubly glad you are able to be down to-day,' said Lady George, ' for I fear I shall have to leave you to-morrow.' ' To-morrow '( ' repeated Oriana. ' Yes, and you would never guess why.' ' There's a man at the bottom of this,' stated the doctor, with mock gravity. ' Why, of course there is,' she answered briskly. ' I knew it,' said Bickersteth, tri umphantly. ' Perhaps,' Lady George remarked, ' you will think me a foolish woman.' ' I can only think of you as a delight ful woman.' ' If only he would,' she answered. 'But I do, I swear it,' replied the scientist. ' I wasn't thinking of you, doctor.' ' Then of whom else, pray ?' he asked, in playful indignation. ' My husband. I had a letter from him this morning.' ' How indiscreet.' ' He is going down to Grantham Hall, where his father is very ill, and he wants me to go with him just to keep up appearances before the duke, who has old-fashioned notions about married life, and who may leave us something handsome.' 'And you will desert us for that man ?' exclaimed the doctor, with an assump tion of resentment, ' Yes ; I am to play the port of a devoted wife. It will be almost as funny as acting in amateur theatricals in a back drawing-room,' replied Lady George, gaily. ' Ah, the deceit of woman,' sighed the doctor. ' Xow, I will tell you one of my secrets,' said Lady George, confiden tially. ' Tell me many. I delight in scan dal,' Bickersteth replied. ' I have always been in love with my husband.' ' How preposterous.' ' Pray don't tell anyone, it would make me seem so ridiculous ; especially to him, if ever he heard of it.' ' The duke is very old,' said Rigel. ' Yes ; but although he is ninety he hasn't vet consented to die.' Lady George answered. ' People only consent to die when it's no longer possible to live,' Bickersteth remarked. Oriana ro?e and turned away. 'When preseutlv the guests were out on the terraces, Rigel said to his wife : ' So you arc really better to-day ?' ' Yes, but I am yet very nervous, and I want you to stay with me all day if you will, for that would comfort me above all things,' Oriara said, plead ingly. ' I will do whatever you please,' he answered, gracious as ever. ' Ah, how good you ore to me,' she said, tears rushing to her eyes, tears she was unable to restrain. He took one of her hands between his own, saying, ' Don't upset yourself, dear.' 1 You will let me keep near you all day ; for that will give me strength,' she persisted. ' Yes,' he answered, humouring her, ' we shall spend the day together ; all to ourselves.' pro be cosTOrcED.] DH— 24 In the famous Garden of Olives in Jerusalem there are ehrht flouri*liii!jr olira trees that are known to be over l,cO'J tun old, g '' '*?''' v %nths of last year cashed remit 1 .. .^. from New Zealand amounting to F £ 1 1,000. and that the earnings of the men on the gumfields are between £200 and | £600 a year. I ... ^JFhe -Tew Zealand cricket team com plain of shabby treatment during their g recent visit to Sydney. 