PAUSES OEIEBRSS. MOORE v. THE BULLETIN. Lifeel-^he CloritarT Oi'^ie--4,Cjtd Clorilarf' ! tlie Argyll Cut.—1 14 The tffitleh Seaman' I 'Push' Societv— 'Duke of Kdlnburg at . tJiohtavf-A Bbzlh's .oay Fete— 'Tlie | liarrikih Ees'riuum' — A ?* bathing ; Article— Sat-.Tis and Bacchantes— Shady Nooks and 'Quiet Corners —Mixed Bathing in the Nude— . Females and the ''Noble Art' ] — 3?o!ice Opinion of ilarbor i Picnica-The Author Avowa I the Article — Mr- , W. H. j Traill —,t The Pilgrim,' i Harold G-rey — A .Brll- ' IiantJournal st's^ariy i Death— The 'Blus' j Gnfes. Fat Landlords and '-Bawdy' Rents— The Devil in Sydney— ^1000 Claimed, One Far thing Given— Gaoling the Editors —Public. Subscription for Costs Public Enthusiasm— A Journal Edited in G-aol— John Havnes* ExperieaceAGaolerWith out Humor — On Tour — Thg Gh p Canaan : Captain Galilee. No. V. j [By Maiik Meijdm:] Am6-:c the holiday pleasure res'-rls oi Port Jaek-son, the most rioted and best advertised j in the past was that up Mi .die Harbor way j known as Clontarf. The spot must surely hare boeb nr.mcd by an cnthusinstic i Hibernian of patriotic tendencies. The old j world Clontarf, a lovely =t. etch of sea beach i j n me bcautnui uay oi jjuunn, is tuc spoi- whbre Brian Born, iu the yfear lGl-i; smote I Lhe Danish invader and lost his 1 fc in tbe moment ot victory. A century a^o Hie ?jibndid mansion, nOw the homo of a J -eligious order, Mariub, woatlic residenccof i the patriot and patron of the arts, .James Jaulfield, Earl ot Charleiiiont ; aud to-day : another palatial residcncc is the home of ! Arthur Guinness, Lord Ardilaun, whose title arid great wealt'li accrued Frohi tho ?nomidns profits on Guinness' brown stout, 'bottled for export; ' I .do not know to whom our Clontarf Driginally belonged, but in the early eighties the owners pf this, noted pleasure resort were the brothers Moore, w ho also id led to their Wordly store the large profits ierivable from the trade done in the British Seaman's public-house in the Argyle Cut — a Bmellful locality, redolent of nubs aid pop shops. The ' British Seaman ' pub of that day could scarcely be ranked with the Royal' or 'Petty1*,' hut, as may be easily imagined; the trade done was enor mous. In closc proximity to tho wharveB; Bailors' Home, and the Seamnn's Chriroli, j trade must have hce» brisk. The house, ai wretched-loolcibg structure of th* old con- j vict dayp, and now demolished, was, no ! dotobt, a good standing advertisement for j the owners' other property, tho Clontarf j pleasure grounds; where the coin rolied.in ; on Sundays arid holidays. Here, in holiday : time, the pushos from Woolloomoloo and j Waterloo, from the Glebe and the gutter, j male and female Held high revel ; 'Arrys ! and 'Arrietts were there in all their tawdry finery, day and night, the fun was fast an3 furious : the spot proved a lhiue of wealth to the owners until an inquisitive pressman poked liis nose in on a high holiday, made a note of the proceedings and published hiB impressions. Tlie first world wide advertisement which Clontarf, Middle Harbor, obtained free of charge, was iu March, 18GS, on the occasion of a picnic in aid of the funds of the newly established Sailors' Home, an cuting given , under tbe patronage of the Duke of | Edinburgh, who wa3 then visiting Austra- | lia. Unfortunately, among the visitors was , the lunatic O'Favrell, who, with a revolver ' shot, wounded the Duke,' for which mad freak he gave up his life on the scallold at , DarlinghiirEt. | ; ' * ! On Boxing Day, 1880, the usual excursions | took place to all the pleasure resorts of the harbor and, among the rest Clontarf had its share of visitors. The bars were in full trade, the bands played inspiriting airs and hundreds of couples spun round in the mazy dance in the shed that served as a ballroom. The visitors did not confine themselves to the dancing saloon and the drinking bars. As the day wore on couples separated from the crowd and betook themselves to the seclusion of the bush (the grounds at Clon tarf embrace 60 acres), others, male and female, disported themselves in the sea ; again, others engaged in pugilistic en counters and In language the reverse of polite. In ' The Bulletin,' January 6, 1881, appeared an article, headed " The Larrikin Residuum '' dealing with the Boxing Day's doings at Cluntarf. The portion of the ic Bulletin ' article complained of was as follows : — 'At Clon tarf it was not an excursion — it was an orgie. Large ocean steamers discharged cargo after cargo of young Australians ; young men and.women, lads, and still more and — children thronged the ground, crowded tho dancing pavilion and jostled at. tho drinking bars. As their blood warmed by dancing and their passions became inflamed with liquor, the scene within and around the hovels which serve for dancing and drinking became indescribable. The danc ing was that of Satyrs and Bacchante in soiled tweed suits and squalid finery or rumpled gowns that had at first been stiffly white. Depravity of physique thrust itself upon notice. Young Australia was here repre sented by faces prematurely old ; counten anced cunning, debased and sfensual, sur mounting figures undergrown, meagre and angular, There were, no manly youths, A six-foot constable towered like a giant amid the seething crowd; A sturdy Water Police officer of middle size appeared a formidable heavy weight among them. And the girls— there was beauty of feature here and there, blurred by traces of intemperance and ravages of excess. But, worse still, amid the flushed, panting bevy of young girls, clinging in romping abandon to promiscuous parties, were some unknown child- faces, with the devil's mark not yet stamped tipon their foreheads, but obviously preparing to have the seal set upon them before another day, Drink and excitement and inherited impulse, and, above all, example and evil associa tions, were doing their work and breaking down the last barrier of modesty. As the orgy grew, and drink, desire and jealousy inflamed the participants, young girls comely and shapely enough to make homes pleasant and parents proud, flew, wild-beast fashion, at one another, boxed like men, and anon scratched and bit like cats. Female children not yet in their teens romped around with gestures and antics which would have shocked a camp of black gins. The males barely restrained themselves to a semblance of decency. The females resented no fami liarity ; the young ones were inflamed, the others melted. The devil had broken loose. We looked around for the minister of God and saw policemen ; we looked for parents and saw bawds. Has no one any duty to discharge to those unhappy youngsters?' This article stung Moore Brothers into fury. It Was all the more galling as the ' S.M, Herald.' .had also, and on more than one occasion, adversely commented on the conduct at Clontarf. Several interviews Were had with tho proprietors of the " Bulletin,' at which explanations were made and apologies sought, but no apology { came. Moore Brothers determined to go j into Court and issued a writ for libel against Messrs. John Haynes and J. F. Archibald. The plaintiff said that in consequence of the ] article, the public were deterred from using the pleasure grounds and hotel, and that thcy had lost largely as the result of the publication. They claimed £1090 damages. the canso came oh for hearing before Sir j William Manning iind a jury of four Oh ; Mqy o,. and lasted .1 1 days. , j?ov the . plaiu* { tilfs, there appeared Mr. F. M. Parley, Q.C.; nil ti Mr. C. J. Manhlfig, nbph&w; of ; the presiding judge, instructed - by Mr. ? Heron, who happened io 02 a son-in- law of . the same judge. For the ribwr.paper appeared ? Mr. f3alo:»ous, Q.C, , and Mr: C. K. Pilchci'i instructed by Messrs. Slat '.cry aud llej'doh. For tho plaintiffs, witnesses were caliod to prove that the article was noi a fair com ment on the day's proceedings. Water police-Constable Skinner, who was on duty i on the day in question, considered the whole article a lie. 'The dancing- room and the bars were- not hovels, and the place was always well-conducted. As evidence of that he had seen John Davis (of Coonanbara hat notoriety) and Angus Cameron (of .Standard paint faaiej -ov\ the ground. lie admitted However; that on this particular Boxing Day he had. seen 14 or 15 prostitutes on the ground. Constable Kerr considered the article an exaggeration, while admitting that he had seen young girls drunk on the day in question. Constable McDermitt, Alfred Julian, solicitor, Fred Barker, an auctioneer, Henry Rouselton; of ths 'Town and Country Journal' (who brought his wife and children to the ground), John Eathorne, also a ' T and C.'man, James Keogh, chapel keeper at. the Seaman's Bethal, Lower George-street (who had his wife and children with him), all swore that they saw nothing objectionable on tho day mentioned; Mr; j .William Twemlow, who resides at Middle ; Harbor still, was on the ground between 11 and 4 o'clock and saw nothing wrong J he. considered, the article overdrawn. Sub-Inspector Johnson gave evidence as to the right of tb'o Moores to have three liquor bars under their license. Mr. Mills, bandmaster : Mr. Wm. Sykes, who was camping out ; and Mr. and Mrs. Moore completed the list of witnesses. Mrs: Moore said that, she lived at the hotel, and her daughter, 17 years of age, with her, which she would not have allowed had the conduct described in the article taken place. Mr. William Moore, one of the plainlifi's; said that he and his brother had had the hotel and grounds for 16 years, The publication of the article had done them great injury. Between Boxing Day and I Easter Monday only three picnics had been held in the grounds, and on Easter Monday there was a falling off in the attendance of 500 persons. A cloud of witnesses were called for the dfefcDce, the evidence given being of a most startling character. Mr. T. Rounsevel, a frenchpolisher; described how he saw girls naked, bathing in the open opposite the spit, while twenty larrikins stood upon tho beach looking on. Mr. Thomas Bray saw girls fighting, and heard them swearing ; he did not consider tho place a respectable one to frequent. Mr. Edward Haynes, a medical student, considered the majority of the people present were loose characters. J. F. Meakle, Moore's barman on Boxing Day, described men and Women 'dancing kangaroo fashion. Alfred Cooper, of tho 'Sydney Morning Herald,' gave evidence of former complaints in his paper. This evidence Sir Wiiiiam Manning only admitted in mitigation of damages, and not as evidence of matters ot fact. Mr, T. W. Conybere of the Redfern rail way station saw girls of 10 with the front of their dresses torn open. Mr. Stackpoole witnessed many fights. Mr. J. C. Jealow saw naked boys and girls bathing together. Mr. J. J. Horan, tailor, of much Domain notoriety, Constable Johnston, and Charles Hawkins, an architect's cerlk, saw girls drunk and young men of 18 naked bathing while girls were looking on. Police-inspectors Anderson, Larkins, and Waters gave strong evidence of the conduct of harbor picnics generally. They con- sidered them calculated to undermine the virtue of our females, and they caused a deal of trouble to the police. The evidence of Joseph Haines was of such a character that the Judge ordered the reporters to withhold publication for a time. This witness distinctly swore to an assault by a man upon a woman, and an indecent assault committed on a girl by several lads. Five other witnesses gave evidence as to questionable conduct on the part of couples in dark corners and shady nooks. Other witnesses were called to prove the use, by females, of blasphemous, indecent and obscene language. Mr. Aysole Burnes swore to the fact that prostitutes and larrikins were drunk and acting indecently. One witness, however, came as a shock to the plaintiffs. This was Mr. W. H. Traill, Sydney agent for Reuter, and formerly editor of the 'Sydney Mail,' but not then editorially connected with the ' Bulletin.' This gentleman admitted the authorship of the article. He wrote only of what he saw and would not withdraw one word of it. He had not known the existence of the Moores before the publication of the article and was not indebted to anyone for any hint upon the subject. The pressman known in Sydney as ''The Pilgrim" had nothing to do with it. It was an open secret that the Moores would not have gone for ' The Bulletin' but that they were cock-sure that the 'Pilgrim' (Harold Grey), a keen, sarcastic, cutting, if Bohemian, journalist, was the author. Harold Grey—nom-de-plume— made himself a terror to keepers of ' blue-cafes' and fat men who lived under the cloak of religion on rents received from swell bawdy houses and on the wages of sin squeezed out of poor wretches who earned their squalid wages on the pave after dark. The influence of these smug, oily hypocrites was used to silence 'The Pilgrim.' A case was conducted which brought Grey some months of trouble, but he lived to see the notorious cafés, which were nothing but night houses of ill-fame, doomed, notwithstanding the efforts of fat landlords who saw their prospects of further evil gains slipping from them. These cafés were closed, and the premises converted to legitimate uses. The 'Pil- grim' was doomed also. A chest complaint, which Grey's mode of living did not improve, cut short what would have proved a brilliant journalistic career. The pamphlet 'The Devil in Sydney' is a fair specimen of Harold Grey's literary power. In reply to the case for the ' Bulletin ' were called the master of the ceremonies, musicians and others to the number of four- teen, who, of course, flatly contradicted the newspaper's witnesses. In the same issue of the 'Bulletin' appeared an article headed a " Darling Point Scandal,' which Mr. Darley wished read as showing that the publishers were not always considerate of the public interests. Mr. Salomons ob- jected, and Sir William Manning took the night to consider the matter. In the morn- ing his Honor stated that he had consulted the Chief Justice (Sir James Martin), and upon advice he had decided to admit the whole paper in evidence. After the jury had visited Clontarf Mr. Salomons addressed the jury, taking the best part of two days to carry out the task. He said that it took a good deal of moral courage for a newspaper to attack such a scandal as that which the 'Bulletin' had exposed. Mr. Darley made a powerful appeal for his clients, whom he said were reputable men of unblemished character. The judge summed up favorable to the de- fendants, and the jury found that Moore brothers' character had suffered to the money value of one farthing. The judge, however, certified for costs, which meant much in an eleven days' trial with expensive counsel on both sides. The case did not end with the verdict. Mr. Salomons gave notice of appeal, and Messrs. Haynes and Archibald, on principle, re- fused to pay the bill of costs, and became guests of her Majesty at Darlinghurst for a time. From the stronghold on the hill the join, ???.liters condiivt-d' i; cir newspap^rj wiii e Hi y public, in full rvinpathy with the.u; pot aiH'Ut subscribing ihe aino.'.nt of tho costs; which 'was cveutdally rltn\ aud , the pair released. j In after years Mr. Iiavncs put liis ex- - perieuee in the debtors1 side of D.irlinghurst Gaol ti 2'ecuniary usei. While stumping the country denouncing his prditical opponents, Mr. H'ayncs alternated his political thunder with lecturing up.m his experiences as a pvesomo.n, his martyrdom i*i the cause oi p;cnio propriety forming an . amusing illustt\atiou ot wliata conscientious journalist has to endure in performing his duty o the public. If Mr. Hayucs1 political diatribL-B did not go down with country folk, his lectures did, the compliments (and coin ?) received at tlu conclusion of each, assuring him of that fact. j The official who r&ccivcd; Mr. Waynes and his co-proprietor into Darlin^hurst must have bocn an Irishman, if Mr. Havaes' account of his first interview with the gen tleman be accepted as gospel. .The custom is that o:i. entering the. gaol all particular-; of tho conliueo art- noted. 'What is your name':' ' John. Haynes. ' 'What are ye, John Ifaynos V ' '* A Jourjialist.' 'A whaatV'' 'No, not a whft-a-at! a jour nalist.' After an effort the word is spelled : itnd written. ' Wijere. were, ye born?'' ' New South Wale*.' -( \Vhat is yer rcli-- gioii V' I forget wliat John's answer was to , tins question, perhaps it was like ihe answer j to tho writ nuJl-r b iiia. ' Havo ye any thing vo'd like to give up., John Haynes 'Ves.;' J' Whjvt would ..y s like tn give up, John Haynes?'' 'The Ghost.' ' Look \\-e here, young man,'' sarcastically observed the ollicial, ' Ivecpthini joakc^ for . the *' Bullytin/' we doant want them hero.' This clerk must be cousin to the one win was ' receiving :s a friend of mine who , weut to 'the fanri ' as a ** wife starvcr.' ; ' What ship did you conic out in ' The ? Canaan, Captaiu Galilee.5' A loud laugh ut- i what was considered a joke, ran along tho line of prisoners who were in waiting to bo t registered. The laugh fcnragcd the olficer j who roared 'silcnce,' giving a severe ? caution to the seeming jokist; who was in 1 anything but a jokiug mood, ahd advising { him to reserve liis hilanly until he went j back to his wife. Bub tho man spoke a fact, j Tho ship was named Canaan, the captain j and owner being a Scotchman named t Galilee. By the way, requiring the ship s name is a relic of the old days oT lagdom, r wheri over}* convict whs knowu by his name 1 and ship, thus, ' John jo»2S. per Albion (2),' the number being tlie voyage made by ; the ship. ; 