The Kissy-Wissy Kyneton Girls. "Oriel" in the Passing Show in Saturday's Argus thus discourses— "Did yon hear them saying that Kyneton would make a splendid site for the federal capital T' said the Sydney officer to the Ade. Iaide man as they compared notes at the conclusion of the Brassey competition on Queen's Birthday. "Yes," said the Adelaide man, with a resigned expression, "but I've heard (he same remark before about other places. And yet there seems to be something in the Kyneton air which is peculiarly invigorating, and which should give it a solid claim. Did you notice the Assistant-Quartermaster-General, for instance, at the ball last night ?" The Sydney man dug his questioner in the ribs. "He was pacing it with the best of them like a three year old," he ejaculated ; "why, even the AssistanŁ-Adjntant-General could nflt get near him, and as for the General's aides, they hadn't a ghost' of a show." "When 1 get back to Adelaide," said the S^uth Australian irisitor, smacking his lips. "I am going to urge upon our Government the desirability of establishing a military competition, on the same lines as the manoeuvres at Kyneton." "Will the programme be identical asked ! the Sydney man wistfully. "There will be-a military ball on the first evening," said the Adelaide man, "and the proceedings wOl be made as much like those of the Kyneton affair as possible. Kyneton, however," he added, oracularly, "has peculiar advantages which render it specially suited as a ground for military manoevnres.' I have already discovered one of them." and he disappeared under cover in a secluded alcove, and was seen again no more. Bat it was to the mounted rifles in particular that the district appealed, for they laboured under many disadvantages, as com- pared with the infantry on the march, and at the (dose of the day they were^sorely in need of refreshment. One of them puts the position in this way:— I could hold the hardest puller, I conld sit the roughest brute That ever wore a bit and a bridoon; Bat they took our horses from ns, and they made us march on foot, And onr heels began to aggravate lis soon ; Oar knees are somewhat lumpy, and our legs are lightly bowed, Not bniltfor|stoppingpigs,yon understand; We jrere limping—limping—limping on the road, Until we reached the Ladies and the Band. To "Soldiers of the Qaeen" we still can swing, .. Although the track before us spins and whirls; But better still to lift us, and to give us snap tmd spring, . Were the ki6sy-wissy Kyneton Girls, When there's marching to be done, you bet there's nothing that deters Like a horrid pair of boots that do bot fit; Brit we had to do our marching in oar leggings and oar spurs, And oar breeches that were tighter than a bit. We had fifty pound of dead weight, with the : rifles, on oar backs; The endless road in front we sadly scanned; We were rolling-ralling—rolling in <mr tracks, Before we met the and the Band. Do the rattle ol the drums we step it; Uftht, 'a'- -•.•• • As we watch the General's pennon thatjuifuris; . But what really most refreshed us was-the glad inspiring sight ] . Of,the lossy-wissy,Kyneton girls. And now we guess the reason, which we did not know before; J We learn at last, with something of a shock. Why Kyneton tras selected as the theatre of \- war, .-. And, jthe dummiep jhad advanced from ' Hanging Bock.v '•• v-." l; The Colonel and the General reported that u,;'thąy'faiew .',' ^ t-;:i Tbatthe" taćtócaladrantages"ivere grand; Veaaw iUiim^rithesidenalk^and we quite \- endorsed the view, : is wegaily marched .to conqaest ivith the Band. - - ' •M^Sm^sgB^ki Ifnpaiuandeoiiow, " 