A Ghostly Appearance »A Agburq. EXCITEMENIZ IN THE NEIGHBOBBOOD Tho' some sceptics may deny belief in visitants from another splere, yet with the majority of folk the belief dies hard, Miss Marner, of "Lamington," Vic. toria-road, Auburn, Victoria, has more than once seen something nespt.hliu~ a gho:t--whep, fpr iptance, sh# loooed in ber mirror, s? debilitated was she by many mtnths' illness. She says:-" I commenced, some. wo years ago, to feel very ill after retyriing borpe from school. I did not feel sufficiently unwell t6 take to my bed, but ezperiepced a continued languid feeling that made me most mii- able. Father (0 p a see a doctor, Bpd be _.u tat I was overgrowing my I tre gti, a4d was not to rIart ar5-?-L As I had no inclination to do so, there was no teat of my disobeyiug this order, and I took the" quinine tonic " given me, with regularity. Than 1 c6mmenced to feel acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." " We tried everything to induce sleep," interposed Mr Marner, " but witheut effect; then I consulted a well-known Collins Street practitioner. He said my daughter was sufferleg paincipally from weakness, and advised a change. Her mother took her away for a trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning; any food taken could not be kept down. She lost flesh and became a mere ghost." " This time last year," said Miss Alice, • I weighed 7st. 31lbs., new I am 9ft. 71b." " A great improvement; your treat ment must have been beneficial ?" " No; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People deserve that credit. Just before the Jubilee holidays, father bought me a box of Dr Williams' Pink Pills, at Mr. Pleasance's, Chapel street, Prabran; theydid me so much good that I continued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking them, and I am now as healthy t' anyone could wish." '" And you would recommend them ?" "Yes; and that strongly too," said Mr Marneri "had I known of Dr. Wil. liams' Pink Pills before, it would have saved me a hundred rou1nds." There are many readers wl o may be fortunate enough to save their pockets if they ect as this young lady did. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills will cre ansammia, weak heart, sleeplessness, scrofuia, con. surr.ption, chronic 'erysipelas, debility, Indigestion, liver and kidney disseases, and chest and lung troubles, pale and sallow complexions, paralysi;s, loco motor ataxia, neuralgia, St. Vitus' dance, and nervous headache, and all nervous disorders, They are sold by chemists and storekeepers, and by the. Dr. Wil. liams' Medicine Company, c/o Rocke, Tompsitt and Co., Flinders Street, Melbourne, at two and nine a box, or six for fifteen and threcpence, but are genuine only with the full name (seven words), Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, on each box, Thousands have testified to their curative powers. 