GHOSTLY APPEARANCE AUBURN. AT EXCITEMENT IN THE NEIGHBOUR- HOOD. Tho* gome sceptics may deny belief in viaitantn from another sphere, yet with the m .jor.tv ol folic ihe b lief lies Imrd. Miss Mar.in- r (if "Lmiington," Victoriaroa l» Auburn, Vic'ori , has mo c thao oncc cecu so liing resembling a ghost— wlicn, for instance, she looked in her mirror, so dchiliwcd w h she by many months' illness. Siic aa\ a:— "I commenced some two years ago, to feel very ill af'cr icturning home from school. I "lid unt feel ouHicicntly unwell to taketomy b d, but i-xpeiieuced a continued languid f i ling that iniite mo most lniscr- ~'Tatlicr tnok me to see a doctor, ami 9 .id I wan ov rgriiwin^ my etrergth, and as not to excit myself. As 1 had 110 illation to do M>, there was no fear of inv disob ying this oid. r, and I took the "quinine ton-.c" given me, with regularity. Then 1 conimeneed to f- el acute pains in shouMcrs and hick, and at night I could scarcely get unv res'." "We tried cv< rv'ihini! to induce a eep," interposed Mr Maraucr, but w liout cffect; then I consultid a well-known Colli"B St'Cet practitioner. He sa d ui\ daughter wjs suffering princip.illv frvm ue iktieas and adviwil a change H r m the took lier away for a trip to Qiieena'and, hut she nMurned^ looking w rse. She would retell on rising in th • momini;; any f-md taken could not'bo kept down. She lost flesh and became a ine e gli- at." "Tin-t ine last year," Slid Miss Alice, "I weighed 7s 31l>s, now I am 9st 71b." •'A great Imp ovement; your treatment must liavv been heuii cid?" "Xo; all ilie medicine I got did me very little good. Ac ualy, Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale IV' nle de<°rvc that credir. Just befor- ihe Jubilee huldave, father bought in.' a box of Dr Williams' Pink Pills at Mr PI a-ancc's, Chapel sireet, P. ah ran; thov did inc mucn good ili&t; I coniinned nithtlnm. It is a longtime >ioce 1 discontinued takiiie them, and I am now bo ilihy ab anyone could wish." " And you uonld reconimejd them?" "Yes; and lliatslronglv, too," said Mr Mrimer, "h«d I known of Dr Williams' Pink Pills two years before, it wonld have saved mo ii litin.ircd pounds." Tin rc are m ny rc iders who may beableto save their pockets if they act as this yoong la <y diil. Dr Williams' Pink Pills will curcantamia, we»k lieart.sleeplessness, aeroful.1, con-umpton, chronic erysipelas, deblity, indges'ion, liver and kidney disc 8es, and .Tiest a id lung troubles, pale and sallow complexions, paialysis, locomotor ataxia, nenralg a, St.,. Vitus' dance, an-) nervous hcadaciie, and all nervous diE 1 orders. Tucy arc sold by all chemists and sto.ckcepers, and by the Dr Williams' ^Icdicinc Company, ciro of Hockc, Tompsitt &Co.;, Flinders Street, Melbourne, at tuoand nine a bix, or six for fifteen and threepence, butarc genuinQ «nly with the full name (aer'en w.irds), Dr W.llintnt' Pink Pills for Pale People, on cach box. TiiouBands have testified to their curative powors. 