? " It is said- that if a man were to live as long as "(he sun, endures be would, at the-f-nd be learning still;'?' fsfflli thfe office feby woalilP 'p,robab1^ think knew more aboSt-'tti£ business thsti old man di#, ev^Ji, tKFn.'. 1 1 '' Ib'e best diafiSiWan in ifiJVorld not make a tad Act'of Parliament i a good one—such an one as uur New Land Act, * 4 / " 5 " . , FiftePii.Bntidrtd ^uiheas ia i high [A-ici for a stud ram (which sntn w»s paid at a late sale in Sydnev). but it is only half the recthdv(3000 puineasj»t>firig yVid for; one at auction iri*NlS7W. about 13 years ago. A. London daily paper devotes two columns of its space to ' " no-billing" Jonep, the Adclaida player with the. Anstralian Eleven. •""UBV "baftj'ana'" skins" for 1 cleaning tan shoes, which, wheh dry will,* when rubbed with a s ft duster, attain a high pulisb. Sir John Madden 'i«8 been " wintering" in Sydney. , Ic tfie Meat Trade News appears the following i—" Some of the EIU ep runs on farms in Australia are a? large as the whole of England." It may not be generally known that Queen Victoria gets an extra £50,000 a year for being a widow." She also receives £8000 a year bequeathed by her *' poor mother." If New South Wales's contribution to the federal revenue were placed in straigtfb line of, sovereigns it Would I stretch from Sydney round Victoria and South Australia, across Tasmania, and back again". Tbe contributions of all other colonies, similarly treated, wonld make a paltry line of ahout 100 yards a pretty tall.statement for N. S. Wales. The length of life of a trartdesman is said to be only .two-thirds that of farmer. We always thought so. Only one man in 203 is over 6 ft fii height. The Pope does his private writing with a gold pen. but the Pontifical signature is always written with a pen made from the feather of a white dove. Over 300 towns in the United States have now adopted the Curfew Law, by which children nnder 15, unaccomranied by their parents or without special permits, are prohibited from being in the streets after 7 p. m. in Winter, and after 9 in summer. Such a law in Victoria is much needed. Tbe Queen is, nowadays, very careful as to what Bhe eats and dribks, though her appetite, especially when she is in. Scotland, is wonderfully good. There she likes Scotch broth and a mutton chop for. liinch, and for dinner takes soup, with roast beef or venison. Fancy dishes she diecards. The Prince of Wales is very fine in .his tastes, as, indeed, are most members of the Royal family, and what is more, they have good digestions, too. Sir Charles Dilke likes a first-class dinner as well as any man in the Hcuse of Commons, and when he and Lady Diike go to Paris they favoar a particular restaurant, where their dinners probably cost them about £4 per head. Frequent Queensland " wanted'' item : " White cooks, 14s a wspk ; Chinamen, £2." A wife in America who has begun an action for divorce from her husband claims that tbe ghost of her husband's first wife infests the tocse and makes her miserable. A number of Chicago - women have formed themselves iuto« *' Good Health jQtnb.!' They will oppose the wearing of stays: In Russia servants kiss their mistresses'^ hands at both morning and evening greetings. A Chdrley weaver named Thomas Gent has died from lockjaw as the result of wearing tight boots. The wonder is that Traralgon don't contribute a few deaths from the same cause. The champion " club-swinger" of Australia just now is young Harrison, a Melbourne lad, who gives a really and plucky performance with a pair of shatp axes in place of tbe clubs. . Each British soldier coats his country £84. If kept continuously running, watch will tick 160,140,000 times in year.. In a Pitt-street (Sydney) " pop-shop window is the Melb. Cup trophy won by Darriwell. A chance for. curio-hunters. The Japanese think that a woman should look npon her husband as if he were Heaven itself, and thus escape celestial punishment. Eighty-five per cent of tbe people who are lame are affected on 'the left side. An engagenaent is announced between Miss Connie O'Brien, only daughter of Mrs. and the' late C. O'Brien, " The -Glen," Gippsland, and Mr. G. W. Babot, of R.M.S. Oceana The highest price ever paid for a racehorse was £30,000 for the famons Ormonde. The teaching of Englsh is to be made obligatory in the Russian commercial schools. Butter and bacon are declared by medical wnter to be the most nourishing of all foods. In India there are 5,846,758 girls between five and nine years of age who are wives, and over 170,000 who are widows: The Prince of Wales' breakfast, it is said, never varies. It consists of tea, toast, and one egg. Queen Victoria bears, among other burdens, the inflictions of a crowd of minor poets who send their verses to bar in honor of every conceivable occasion, >1} is said that at the birth of the Prince of Wales no less than half a ton of "poetry" was delivered at Windsor Castie. The growth of girls is greatest in their fifteenth year ; of boys in their seventeenth. A'Japanese bride gives her wedding presents to her parents as some slight recompense for their trouble in rearing her.—Traralgon girls might follow the example of the Jap._ girls. A man named Adams has. teen investigating the mysteries o£ the pyramids and monuments of Egypt, and has found the phrase " Hip-hip-hurrah" among the early hieroglyphics of that country. According to Mr Adams, the hieroglyphic " Hip- hip-hurrah" means, when translated, " On, on, to plnnder." It is reckoned that the .Victorian mini- ' mam wage law-baB raised the average wages of bakers by 8s per week; tailors 2s 9d ;. furniture-makers, 6s 5d; bootmakerE,"4s 4d ; and shirtmakers, ,3s 2d. All this in two yean. 