ABOUT MEN AND WOMEN. (By CITIZEN.) Sister Imelda Theresa, who was for merly a 'brigadier in the Salvation Army, has taken the white veil in a Dominican convent in Albany, Canada. The Rev. George Rowe and his wife were among the ladies and gentlemen recently invited to the Governor's ball in Perth, but neither of them went. . Mr. Joseph Woodman, the popular music warehouseman and piano importer, is now 06 years of age. He arrived in South Australia in 1861, but he had pre viously been in Victoria. Hagi Mulla Mihrban, the spiritual head of the Mahommedan community in Ade laide, married a European wife. He hails from Kandahar. It is now nearly 25 years since he first came out to Port Darwin. Mr. W. H. Wadey, who has just re turned from a trip to England, has had political aspirations, but on both of the occasions when he sought the suffrages of the electors of "North Adelaide lie was de feated. Mr. J. Yicars, the city surveyor, who has been very unwell lately, is, according to the Sydney "Mail," the most distin guished graduate in engineering from the Sydney University. He is a son-in-law of Mr. Alderman Kither. Air. W. II. Woodhead, who has earned the gratitude of "British" shareholders, will return from London- by the Austral on Monday. Mrs. Woodhead went to Colombo to meet her husband, who went home on business intent. The late Mr. Caleb Peacock was the first pupil at the school conducted by the late Mr. J. L. Young, where so many pro minent South Australians were educated. He and his brother Joseph are buried in the family vault at West- terrace. • Both Sir John Downer and Mr. Paris Nesbit were complimented by the judges for the luminous manner in which they put their aiguments in the recent Glenelg Rail way case. The juniors to euen of the emi nent Queen's counsel also came in for a word of praise. Mr. J. S. Brooks, who has just returned to Adelaide, from the Transvaal, states that the Boers hate the English, and dislike the Aiistralians. He further states that Capo Colony itself is extremely Dutch in senti ment, and that the Afrikanders are not at all cordial to Australians. ; One of the chief legal advisers of Pre sident Kruger in connection with the Transvaal "negotiations is Mr. Michael: J. Farrelly, a young Irish barrister. He has been 'practising in the Dutch Republic for three years, and is considered an expert in international law. The Crown Solicitor once had charge of a school at Truro. Having, however,- an inclination for the law, he devoted his at tention to the studv of the profession, and was admitted to the bar in 1875. The se cretary to the Minister of Education (Air.. James Bath) was also a school, teacher. The work of. Mr. J. D. Stone,, an artist well known to' folk associated with the early days at Glenelg, turns up in queer places. This week a dealer offered for sale a painting-~by' Mr. Stone—of Holdfast Bay in TS63--Mr. ■'Stone, who loves a talk on "Tho old"'1 rlnvs .T is livino- in rpliiumpnr. on "The old'day's," is living in retirement on South-terrace. Members of, the Assembly agree in affirming that the speech delivered by Mr. Holder on Thursday,'on-the second read ing of the Household: Suffrage Bill was the best of. the many excellent utterances heard from him. in Parliament during the test 12:years. ' He" was clear,- logical, and full - of .fo^be,' while hetdeftly ; answered, every antagonistic, interjection. Mr. Wybert Reeve carries his years ex ceedingly well. He was born in. 1831. He first gained distinction as, an actor in gar rison and amatefir- theatricals during his connection with the Prince of Wales Third Dragoon Guards.- His: initial visit.to Ame rica was made "with Wilkie Collins, and' one of his most successful.'parts .was that of ."Count Fosco" in the "Woman in White." y. The three sons of Dr. Maurice Holtze, the director of the Botanical Gardens, are all resident in the Northern Territory at present, and two of them occupy good po- sitions in the Government service, while the youngest will probably do likewise. He was born in Port Darwin, and has been educated at the Christian Brothers' and St. Peter's Colleges but his health recently broke down. The Hon. Richard Butler,is the second farmer in the Kingston Ministry, and ap propriately represents agriculture. as ; well as education. He was born near classical Oxford in .18.50, and entered on life in South Australia at the age of 4 years. He had the .advantage of a good education at St. Peter's'College, and took up farm ing close to Mallala.' In 1890 he wa3 elected to the Hduse of Assembly to fill the seat vacated by the violent death of Mr. Cowan in a railway accident. He has. twice, been re-elected, has been a suc cessful Government whip,, and is now a popular Minister of the Crown. Major Cate, of. the Machine Gun Corps; who has just offered the services of himself and his men for duty in the Transvaal in the event of an outbreak of" hostilities, is an excellent -and popular officer. He holds a: responsible - position?.in 'the Customs De partment, and his second in command; Captain Cherry, is headmaster of the Cur rie-street - school:: -The corps has eight Maxim guns, and is generally .admitted t* be'"exceedingly efficient;-' The. Boers are such expert marksmen that the soldier who goes into acuon against them stands a very gooduhance of. being hit.. Mr. Wk J, Giihson, the secretary of the newly-forhied .Catholic 'Social Club, is a popular,s'ociety, man. He is a'member.of the legal profession, having graduated, at the Adelaide,University.' With his mother, the esteemed widow, of the late Dr. Guiison (who was knighted by Pope Leo XIII.), and vhis brothers, Jr. J. B. Gunson, and Mr.:. George Gunson, he visited the old countrj' about five _ j'ears ago, and after three years' sojourn in England and on the Continent, he. returned to.his natiye.city, where he now follows his profession. Air. Gunson is an enthusiastic goffer and tennis player. Considerable, interest is'being manifested all over the colony iii the ,coining political duel at Encounter Bay,' which during the last year or two has been well advertised in all parts of Australia. , The candidates have arranged a talking match, which is tb come off on Friday, . July 21, and no doubt a big sum could be raised for a charitable or public purpose if a spacious marquee were erected for the accommodation of ;tlie audience and a small charge were made for admission. It is pretty certain that the bluest hall Port Elliot will he "too small to hold all those who desire, to lis ten to the two harangues. , Mr. Noel < A. Webb, LL.B., the well known barrister, has a very pretty gift of versification, and some ' of his; topical rhymes are exceedingly clever. He is a son of the Rev. Alan Webb, once a Baptist. Minister in Adelaide. It it i not not long since his skit on the Indian Prince. "The Tin Ran Gee," a parody on j "The Tin Gee-gee," was launched on the world through the columns of, the "Ex press," and it immediately became im mensely popular, even reaching the boards of the theatres. His latest verses were first heard at a benefit concert given at the North Adelaide Institute on Thursday evening, and. were received with enthusi astic applause. They are an adaptation of "Banjo" Paterson's "Zeebung Polo Club." and are christened "The Hog Bay Polo , Club." They contain a vivid account of a supposed match, in which each team an nihilates the other after the manner of the two cats of Kilkenny. The following lines occur in the course of the narration:— . King O'Mailey, who was riding Like a madman down the plain, ? Killed Carpenter and Tucker Ere he himself was slain. Paris Nesbit, - who was playing On the Hog Bay Settlers' side, Hit .Tack Gordon in the waistcoat, And he crawled away- and died. As the captain of the Settlers Made a gallant run to win, Ho was set upon and massacred By Wood and Paddy Glynn. Our little Irish member , , Might have* bolted from the wreck. But he tried to jump a coaeh-and-four And broke his precious neck. Wood, who used his polo mallet ' Like a blacksmith would his sledge. Was. breaking heads as easy As a member breaks a pledge. . The author:thus depicts ifche scene on the I spot where the contestants were laid to rest:— ' Von can see the ghost of Tucker .- Wave a. look of auburn hair He lias torn from King 0'MaHey In the writhings of despair. You can see the ghost O'Mailey Swing his hammer dripping red, You caD hear the dull collision As it falls on Tucker's head. ' You can see the ghost of Charleston Oil a parti-colored -horse Though it's har-d to tell the party 'Midst the shadows of the course. . : You can hear a ghostly Gordon Shouting lectures by the mile, Till'he falls by Nesbit's mallet With a sweet hut spectral smile. You. can see the ghost of Paddy Glynn Jumping ghostly cabs and carts, Till he's broken all his ghastly limbs Jtn±o.mapyHiostly parts. 