Wliutlicr eki'MH of thTiiklUff or tho HiiDJoct of palmiHtrj", pljronoJoKy, pliyslo- lu;o\ "HJiiureal seloui,t,,M etc., Is Hut oatiso of ttii nnm Mcdor's iiiiuIruhs, wo tlo uot know. I'rolMikly it wu« a conlribullnK cause, and a powerful auxiliary woultl be fmiuil In tliealeobol Yvhk-lilie liiia boon pourlUK lulo himself for hohju weeks past. As a rule, the clever folks who extract half-crowns, or. It may be, litilf- jnilucas. frotn the credulous for rending their hands have all their wits about them. Tluit it is not sp with the per sona they delude might he safely as serted (is it general proposition. Hy far the larger proportion of women uud girls, uud not u few men, are foolish and credulous where anything that apper tains to fortuue-tellliig Is concerned. They may he perfectly level-headed, even good shrewd busluess people In the pursuit of their ordinary oeeuputlonK, nnd yet Yvllllngly yield their minds like so much wax i» the inliueuces of the lirst niyRtery-mnkliig clmrhilau who un dertakes lo read their hands, nnd eiuihle them to Indulge in the fusclimtlng pas time of j>ccriug into the future. What tlto result muy ho was disclosed at ua Inquest held u few months ago iu un ohl-country village. The body of the subject of intpilry. a woman, twenty-four y ears of age, was found Ju a ditch, and It transpired that the deceased bud left a letter Addressed to & school friend In SomersscLshire. llcrc :uv some passages , from that iiatheUe oplstle:— Last night, as 1 lay In bed miserable and hopeless, 1 took to studying my hands again, and 1 found out loo plainly to misunderstand. You know I told you 1 tva« born mad, with my fate lino up side down. I found this line repeated on tho other hand. I saw all that Is hap pening to me In It. 1 remember that X had changed places, and that Saturn, and not Luna, is the predominating planet now. Consequently currents have changed, and where Saturn Is now there Is fatality or death. I am Just coming to a fatality. Lelng a Saturn girl, It Is Saturn fatality. I have found out from a great d-al of study that self-murder Is belter than deadly sin, There is ex cuse for every other sin, but not for one. Rather than submit to It I mean to be drowned. This "Saturn girl" had been a governess, therefore she was a person of some edu cation. Moreover, her father deposed at the inquest that he laid not noticed anything iweullar In her maimer.' He kuew, however, that she liml entertained "curious ideas on the subject of the pla nets, aud thut .she had talked about the Hues on her hands." We have not the least doubt ourselves thut the girl was the direct victim of what It Is so dlllkult to get people to believe la nothing more than downright humbug. Let us hope that we have heard the last of the persecution of Mrs -Dora Bromley. The proceedings at the South MeltKjurnc Police Court yesterday ended precisely as juost people expected tliey would, and there should be n very strong reason Indeed for allowing the convicts DnvtiUi and Clam Potter further holi days from Fcntridgc. Tito public has laid more than enough of a case in which It Is perfectly plain to the dispassionate observer that persons who have been caught and convicted of crime are vin dictively hitting back at the Crown agents— that Is to say, at the agents of the public. Nor has the hlttlug bceu Inef fective. Advantage of the forms of the law has been taken to subject to Indlg- ulty and Ineonvouieuce the prosecuting detective and his assistant. It may be assumed that so far as Dunge.v Is con cerned the Government will see that lie suffers no monetary loss. We hope there is a likesLvsuRtiice in regard to the wounm Bromley. We ami not revive our criti cisms of the part she played, and hero claim only thai she should receive the fullest coin|m:nsatlon from the Govern ment she served for nil the indignity and expense she has been put to In conse quence of giving thut service. We do not hesitate to add thai, tinder all tlic cir cumstances, any Judge or magistrate who lu connection with Uie Albert Purk case renders possible further nctlou against thLs uiuch-hanied person simply makes himself on agent for persecution. Nome retail grocers were fined yester day for selling a mixture pleasautly de scribed as "Hniejulee," hut 110 less than l)U per cent, of which was water. A couple of guineas to the revenue, with three guineas costs, that Is to say. live guineas in ail, was what each vendor had to pay, us pleasantly ua be could. But we are not aware of the faintest suggestion that yesterday's defendants are the real offenders. . It Is true they had the stuff for sale, are properly made responsible, uud pay small lines, other wise no law against adulteration could well be operative. But who prepared this swindling mixture? Who put to gether the b<> per cent of water, plus four per cent, of "citric and other acids ami etttontln! oils," ami called It lime- Jttlco V The community Is entitled to know a good deal more about so ex quisite u humorisL He ought not to he allowed otit of uiere excess of modesty to avoid observation, but should be put luto the plain light of day, prior tu being sent lo Peutridge ns a confidence mull and petty swindler. We hope that Mr Best, ere he takes ship for New Zealand, will find un opportunity to give some directions In the matter. Kvou at this time of day we believe there are people who resolutely refuse to believe In ghosts. Out upon such sceptics! Lei them look at a sub-leader In this morulug's "Argus," aud there, U4 large as life, will they 11ml the perturbed spectre of an ancient "chesnut," said to have fiourlshed about the period thut Alexander was luvadlng Persia, and which, after a deeeutly long life of sev eral centuries, died aud was lmrlud alHRit the time of thn Norman conquest. Yes, Us ghost walks the columns of the "Argus"- to-day. Under ordinary, elr- cumsluiR'i'S we might simply protest against exhumations and pass on. But In this case there is more to he noticed. Barely, if ever, In the use or the figura tive — always nil her treacherous — has anything so exquisite been presented as the aged story of the mail and the hoy and the hull-pup iu its special setting of to- day. The Intention Is tn pay a com pliment to Hint charming vocalhl, Miss Amy Castles. And, heboid, the all un conscious humorist of the "Argus" ac tually likens the young lady he want- to praise to— what do you think?— to the hull- pup! If this Is not 11 best, on re cord In thi> realm where Mrs Malaprcp .. Is queen, pcrluips somebody will 'tell us what Is. Yet our friend hi an oblique scolding of "The Herald" hu the impudeuce to talk alsmt "hot heads, who proverbially muddle mat ters:" We are h.v no moans gratified at an item of Intelligence cabled this evening. The Duke of Connaught, It Is announced, Is willing to accept tho succession to the Duchy of Saxe-Coburg. The present Duke Is his brother, best known as tbe'Duke of Edinburgh. When he, to apply the figure of Pinafore, yield ed to temptation to belong to another nation, nobody cared a snap of tho finger. The British people could spare the Duke of Edinburgh, and the only regret was that on his becoming a German subject he remained entitled to draw from the exchequer the hand some allowance of a priuw of the British blood royal. Quite recently, death de prived the Duke of his son and heir, and the question arose who should succeed him? What the cable tells us this even- lug is that the Queen's thin! son. the Duke of Connaught. like BarkLs aud the Rev. Mr Ronald, is wiltln. To say thai we catuiot spare the Duke of Counaught would be to utter an absurdity. To say, howtjver, that if we presented bitn to Germany we should relinquish a tine man and a particularly fine soldier, standing well mit from the ruek as a general who knows his work, is abso lutely true. Our hope Is now tliat the present Duke of Saxe-Coburg will live for ever. 