BRIEF NEWS. Alex Robins, charged with the theft of a horse from Mr English, of Tatura, was convicted of the offence at the Bendigo criminal sessions on Tuesday. He was, on his own recognizance of £25, and one surety of a similar amount, allowed to leave the court, to come up for sentence when called upon. The Melbourne shipping firms look with favor on the proposal to ship wheat in bulk, and several of them have notified the Tatura agricultural society to this effect. One firm intends to get all available information on the subject from America, and this will be laid before the conference of agricultural societies to be held in Melbourne next September. Messrs Hugh McKenzie and J. S. Kelly, the valuers appointed by the government to inspect, and assess the value, of the 14 hotels in the shire of Rodney closed by what is called a local option poll, commenced their work on Tuesday of this week, Tatura re ceiving first consideration by the gentlemen mentioned. It is not likely that the arbitra tion court will sit in Tatura before August or September. We understand that Hogan's Com mercial hotel, Tatura, has changed hands, the property having this week been pur chased by Mrs Brown, ot Byrneside (whose hostelry i to be closed at the end ot the year in accordance with the decision of the recent local option! poll). The price paid by the incoming licensee for the Commer cial is £2500. Mr C. W. Wilson (chairman of the finance committee of the Rodney trust) dealt with tenders on Tuesday for the remodelling of 15 chains of theTeese channel in Toolamba. The tenderers were : Malone Brothers, £54 13/6; Peter Kilbride, £5710/. The lowest tender was accepted. A special meeting of the Rodney irriga tion trust will be held on Monday. At the last meeting, it will be remembered, al though the trust sat until a late_ hour, a quantity of business was deferred, including consideration of the engineer's report. Mr A. E. Castles invites tenders, return able on Monday, J une 26, for the erection of a brick hotel at Kyabram for Mr Cress- ard. Full particulars of the work are con tained in an advertisement appearing in this issue. Attention is directed to the Merrigum cricketers' ball, which will be held on Fri day night next. June 23. The tickets are being widely distributed, and a great suc cess is anticipatsd. Mr C. Wilson, Tatura, the chairman for the past 12 months of the Mooroopna hospital board, retires from the position next month. He is the only chairman who has vacated the post with the institu tion entirely out of debt. Not only will this be the case, but it is anticipated that Mr Wilson can boast there will be a credit balance in the bank on June 30 of about L125. Hearty co-operation is being given the Numurkah agricultural society in its efforts to have the railway freights on grain re duced. It was mentioned at the hospital meeting on Wednesday last that all dry and green timber for five chains from the banks of the Goulburn river is to be cleared, to permit of the flood levee being made. Mr Johnson considered such action monstrous, and an attempt should be made to prevent such a wholesale destruction of timber. The conference of local bodies opposed to dredging in the Goulburn river will be held at Shepparton on the 28th instant. We have received the list of all persons in the public service, giving the positions and salaries arrived at by the re-classifica tion board. Reductions in salaries have been made in the great majority of in stances. Railway men found " laying the odds are to be punished severely in the future. Great indignation is expressed at Na- thalia at the Rev G. Gladstone's Sunday evening addresses. Legal proceedings are threatened by those most pointedly re ferred to. Mr Isaac Sutcliffe, a school teacher at Spring Mount, Creswick, strained himself and died from the effects of the injury. At the Warrnambool police coart, Mr L. Carter was fined 5/ for conducting a game known as " sweat " at a bazaar in aid of the town band. The ghost scare which recently started m Ballarat has extended to the Buninyong district. At Mount Clear a young man encountered a tall object, with wings. The " Phantom," the young man informed the police, performed a kind of step dance. After gazing at the figure for some seconds he collapsed with fright, from the effects of which he has not yet quite recovered. At the Echuca police court, before Mr Dwyer. P.M., Mary Jane Webb was charged with selling liquor without a license. The police magistrate held the charge proved, and fined the defendant £25, with £7 14/ cost. In reply to the objection of the Mary borough hospital committee to the new form of the admission ticket, which the treasurer prepared for use in hospitals, a reply was received stating that the parti culars provided therein, in Sir George Turner's opinion, are highly necessary, as the hospital is largely subsidised by the government. The treasurer insists on the form being used in the institution. It is intended by the Healesville shire council to stock the various streams in the shire with trout fry. Mr W. A. Hickey, for years connected with the Kilmore press, was entertained at a complimentary social on the occasion of his departure for St. Arnud, where he has become part proprietor of a newspaper. There was a large and representative gathering. The .old established firm of seedsmen, Messrs Railton and Co, of 271 Swanston street, Melbourne, has a business notice on this page, to which attention is invited. Messrs Railton and Co are favorably recog nised throughout the colony as experts in seeds and fruit trees, particulars being given in catalogue, which will be forwarded on application. The Rodney shire council will hold its next meeting on J une 26, when tenders for three works, particulars of which are adver tised, will be dealt with. Official intimation is given in this issue ot the intention of the Rodney shire council to open registry offices for the unemployed at Mooroopna and Tatura. Mr Alexander Sinclair, of Nurrabell, secretary to the shire of Arapiles, died on Monday at Noradjuha, of paralysis. Yesterday was the last day for receiving applications for 387 vacancies in the Rail way department. The Swan Hill agricultural society has passed a resolution approving that at least one member of the classification board to be appointed under the Land Act 1898, clause 125, should be a practical mallee farmer. The Land Act comes into opera tion on the first of next month. Mr Philip Baker, Gillieston, notifies those indebted to him for chaff-cutting and corn- crushing that all accounts due by them over 6 months will have 6 per cent, interest added. Mr Baker's charges being so low, he looks upon the transaction as a cash one. Mr John West lectured at Shepparton on Wednesday. The subject was " Footsteps of the Explorers." Germany has established a id postage with her colonies. Tenders are wanted by the Shire of Shepparton waterworks trust for excavating about 17 miles of channel. There are two contracts, one being for earthwork only, The last day for receipt of tenders is Monday, July 3, at 1 o'clock. Plans can be seen at the shire hall, Shepparton. 