Will you voieJEor Mr. Dickson and his Q.M. Bank Party ? Thr Mayor, the chief magistra'e of the city, should try to be non-partisan, non poiitical. He should be a kind of city judge, impartial*. But is Mayor Thorne, who receives £500 a year to which all con tribute, and who with a portion of this money, gives a picnic to corporation em ployes for the apparent purpose of urging them to vote against the Labour Party at the coming general elections ? Mil. W. Hollands, Essex, England, writes : ' Let the eWtors of Taowong ask themselves the question, Can -the man Fiimeii J*e compared to his opponent? Which of the two has the grasp of the great public questions awaiting solution? Who has the practical acquaintance w itii the sufferings of the town worker and the bush worker? Who kmnvs the injustices from which they suffer, and who would strive with.-- might and main to remedy them? Let the electors think this out for themselves. The. .sincerity-- and- -ability of th^ man that is appealing to you under the name of Labour has never been doubted ; in fact it is but too keenly understood by Labour's most inveterate enemy, and the most superhuman efforts will be made to accomplish his defeat in the future as have been . made in the past. And it behove* the electors to put forth every effort- 1'»- Becure his return, and they must not )»e lulled into any fal-e sen-e of security. The result will depend on the detei mined and intelligent exercise of the \oting power placed in their hands. Then see to it, electors, that you' do not for the second time either wittingly or unwittingly place an individual in Parliament whose ideal is T. F. in a blaze of glory, but vote fo one whose honesty aiid integrity have been proved, and show to the colony that Toowong is still sound, and that progress is their watchword by putting Matthew Reid at the head uf the poll. Mil. Harry Daniels, the present member, is sure of Caijjbooya, but he intends to make a big tight against Ins opponent. Mr. Macintosh, as the larger his majority the greater weigh', he will have in the House. Mr. Daniels is quite satisfied to have Mr. Macintosh as an opj)onent. Mh. David Patterson has been chosen by the Farmers' Political Association of Cun ningham to run in the farming and Labour interests at the next el etioti. As Mr. M^jTriranstTXid n^ ttn 4tidependent- --in 1-HW with a strong leaning to Labour and Op position, but has, been a silent follower of the -ioverntnent_ever since his return, Mr. Patterson should lia\w an easy win. Mr. Patterson is a farmer of over 24 years' standing in the- district. He i* the son of the late Rev. W. Patterson, of Murphy's Creek, and a brother to the Rev. .lames Patterson, of Victoria. His other brothers are also all brainy men. A ClkUmo.vt correspondent writes that Mr. Cross's meeting was not altogether as reported in the daily press. Mr. Cross would have received a good hearing but for his references to 'an intolerant clique.' Mr. King received a good hearing until he referred to a clique. There is an im pression that Mr. Cross played fora row in order that he mi^ht avoid some awkward questions, Ci.kkm'int ini-n will do well to give Mr. John M. Cross the quietest of heariuirs. Thk Government 'gag,'' Mr. Willie Stephen.-, and Mr. Luya, will be the Bulcoek-Dickson candidates for South Bri-bane. The South Brisbane W.P.O. has .-ailed f -r nominations to coiite-t 'the Labour I-!-his.-tte. |)K. ( 'ulpin 'Lab., un and Edwin Lilley (an\ thing' and -irini'-~ ? linli.-ork-l -i- ks. in candidate, an- in th-- fi'-ld tor - -x!ey. Mit. .1. .1. Cadell. it i- -aid. tlip-atens t.i m^.ke ;kn assault on the Burnett as an ' ill?_ dependent Mini-t--riali-t. ' A MKKl'lN-; in favDunuf. territorial separa- \ tiou was held at Lcjngreach last week. Excellent speeches were delivered by Labour Members Fitzgerald, Kidston, Kerr. Stewart, Hardacre, and Sir. W. C. Curtis, the junior member f-- r !lockhamp tK-n. Tiie foilo'wing motion, moved by Mr, Perkins and seconded by Mr. Given, was unannnously carried : 'That in theopinion of this meeting, the political separation of CVHtral-i^m-t'jijJaud-fjroju. .Soutlserii i,Jueens: lutuh 't'i-3 its crecti««i into a wpamfco colony. is absolutely ess»-ntial, and that a branch of the Central ^neensland Territorial Hejiara tion League should \ e established in! Ijong reach, and co-operate with the rest J of the division in tiie attainment of thi^ great object.' Thk Hon. Arthur Kutlctlgx* will very likely 4*» one of the upp;ments of ? Mr. Roljert King, M.L.A, for the Maranoa electorate. Phkmikk Dickson has been giving his opinion to the ,Siitlu'.:-r Mnmiuii H--r-ilil re garding the coming general elections in (.^ueeusland. 'He said he had no appre hension whatever; ho was sure, the Govern ment would be returned with a decided majority, fully as large, if not larger, than the present excess oFTTj. The Ministerial party was never, he thinks, in better form to go before the country. It had been working well and cordially, and was per fectly united. So far as the Ksue wan con cerned, the public regarded it as a question of whether the Labour Party or the present. Ministerial Party should hold the reins of iiovernment. The question of Liberal Independents was a thing of the past, and now there was a distinct line of deinarka tion. The Labour Party was the Opposi tion Patty, and the Government regarded Mr. Glassey. the leader of the Labour Party, as the leader of the Opposition, 1m.1 cause he really was the leader. * The struggle is this,' added Mr Dickson, 'Labour 'v /-?',*? national and rational pro gress.' .limmy would have been more correct if he said the struggle is 'Laltour and a White Australia n-r.-oi.* coloured labour borrow l-oom and burst,' Tm-: Townsville Labour Party have taken a i (allot to select one Labour candidate to stand at the next el-cfioii The contestants were Messrs. Fuley and C'gden. and the ballot showed Foley 140 votes, Ogdeii 110. ' Jimmy MagoHin has announced himself for the Mitchell as an ' Indej»'iident Oppo sitionist/' Of course Jaiiics ought to know he hasn't the ghost of a show for that electorate. Thk fat men of Cairns aiv disgnsted at Lissner and would disown him a.- their candidate at tlieeomingT'lection were nT not for Treasurer J'hilp and his company, Mksshs. E. V. Reid and William Bums. are mentioned as likely to contest Kock hainpton in the Ministerial interest. 'Walla-'K Nelson says lie knows one man who wouldn't contest the seat for Olennont if the Lab«»ur organisation up there went on its knees to him. Very likely Wallace means himself. Anyhow, if Joe Lesina gets in be will be worth half a-dozen Nelsons and fifty Crosses.' — J'-itri:t ((.}.) La nor it Member Fitzgerald has now two opponents for the Mitchell — Jimmy MagoHiii and E. R. Edkins. The - Jeraldine is sure to win. Wikk from Hughenden : 'Meeting of electors held here on Friday. Over 40 persons present. It was unanimously decided to assist M 'Donald to contest the Flinders in the Labour interest. Com mittee for Mr. M 'Donald also formed at Hughenden.'' 