The Adbertiser THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1899. ANOTHER CRISIS. Three Ministries in succession have now been ejected from office without the formality of a no-confidence de-<*> bate. The second of the series was the strongest and far the longest-lived Government that South Australia has ever known. The third, meeting Par- liament one day and receiving its dis- missal the next, flitted across the poli- tical stage "a transient and embar- rassed phantom." Truly, it was in one sense but the ghost of a Ministry, an ap- parition with no real relation to the ac- tualities of life, a transparent political imposture. Directly it came into the light, it was seen through; and it never had a chance of attempting the feat of materialisation. In other, words, the Solomon Administration lacked from the outset a substantial unity. Its constitution was mixed, anomalous, and unstable; between its heteroge- neous paricles there was no natural affinity: their temimrary alliance was accidental and fortuitous: and the Min- istry naturally tumbled to pieces at the first breath of opposition. It never even attained to such an elementary degree of organic coalescence as to be able to make the same appearance or to speak with the same voice to the two different branches of the Legisla- ture. Its Conservative and its Liberal elements had, so to speak, each made a start to swallow the other, and what had been unconsumed on the one side was commended to the Council, while the remains on the other were offered to the Assembly. The Premier and the Chief Secretary, in short, contradict- ed each other on matters of Ministerial policy. A pathetic appeal was made for a consideration that had not been earned, but it was in vain. Consulting its own dignity, is well as the coun- try's interests, the House of Assembly . quickly put an end to a dull and unpro- fitable burlesque. Poor Mr. Solomon! To struggle so long for office, to succeed at last, and then to have the prize so promptly snatched from his grasp! It is really hard. After making such political sacrifices, too; after eating so many of one's own words, accepting office from the hands of opponents, and paying the price in the shape of a generous recantation of opinions that nothing now can blot out! A few members just made a convenience of Mr. Solomon and his party, and not enough remain- ed long enough by his side to keep him in. Is it not cruel? And yet if it be asked why the Ministry was unable to maintain more than an ephemeral exis- tence the answer is not difficult. To begin with its personnel was sufficient to create distrust. There is noth- ing in the state of parties to justify a coalition so extraordinary. It represented no principle, un- less that principle be the novel one that the Council is to be con- sidered in the formation of a Ministry equally with the popular Chamber. Hitherto the principle of a dual respon- sibility has not been recognised. If the policy of the Administration suits the people's House, that suffices; subject to the conventions of constitutional gov- ernment, the Council retains its veto on legislation, but at all events the right to join with the Assembly in moulding the Executive has never been acknowledged. What the diversity of the Solomon Ministry was intended to express may be disputed; but assured- ly the team was a bundle of incongrui- ties and its policy a tangled skein of compromise. It could scarcely have looked for a favorable reception In either House. It seems at best an oc- casion for "sombre acquiescence," cer- tainly not for intemperate rapture, when a Conservative leader rising to office has to tell his own party that there is nothing for it but to support and carry Liberal measures entirely foreign to their principles. On the other hand, the dominant Liberal party in the House could hardly be expected to rejoice at the advent of a Government which proposed so little of their policy and, even as to that, was not too se- rious. Accordingly Ministers were in a bad way from the start. But defeat might have been averted at least for a time had not the declara- tion of Ministerial policy on Tuesday left several members with the unplea- sant consciousness that they had been "sold." What Is known as the "Grain- ger purchase clause" in the programme of constitutional reform was a pretty fair stroke of business so far as it went. With only a majority of one, however, Mr. Solomon could not afford to take any risks at all, and nevertheless he took them. He was expected to offer the reduction of the Council qualifica- tion to £15 annual value, with a vote both for man and wife. He offered only £20, and that not to be the subject of legislation until next year, the only concession for the present being the dual vote on the existing qualification. Why, by disappointing expectation in this way, did Mr. Solomon take the risk of defeat? No doubt because he had to. The difficulties of the position were probably found to be insuperable. He was negotiating not with one side only but with two, and what was needed to content the one was more than the other could concede. So he chanced it, despairingly suggesting to the House that members could try for £15 if they liked, but that Ministers of- fered only what was practicable. That was not good enough, and it was fol- lowed by the fatal secessions. The Ministry goes down unlamented. It has seriously compromised the Conservative party; and the service it has rendered to the Liberal cause calls for no grati- tude because it was unmeant. The gain to that side is the reluctant ac- knowledgment extorted from Conser- vative leaders that theirs is not a work- ing policy for the country. In effect this is what Mr. Stirling has told the Legislative Council, and he cannot es- cape the consequences of his own ad- mission. The Council, if It is wise, will take the lesson to heart. It must re- cognise that a Government as nearly Conservative as it could be made with even the faintest prospect of success had to "face the music" of constitu- tional reform. Will the Council, after what has happened, venture to persist in stubborn and uncompromising re- sistance to repeated popular demands, a policy deliberately discarded by the Conservative leaders in both Houses as inexpedient and even dangerous? 