AMONG THE CHESS-MEN.— II. At the London Tourney. Taohigorin, ono of the moat interesting of chess personalities, might almost be taken forn prosperous bank-manager. He is really the vory Rupert of Chess ; there ia nothing ao daring that he will not attempt it, no opponent so formidable that he will not take liberties with him. That is tho reason why he so seldom gains flret prizes. He does not; emoke, but he haa a curious habit, common to many cbesa-slayerB, ot incessantly moving his luft foot. rriiA Au»l/\tin lifc+.la milvpr fVi-iPfi i*m fni* hntirn f.rtn ofhnt* It hae a counterpart in the viaible boating of tho pnlee in his temple. Tscbigorin, who is very dark, ?does not take his game bo seriously as some, nnd you can even find tho ghost of a smile on his lips when he has got bis adversary into a tight oorner. Laaker, for all bis successes, has not yet learned repose. Ho ie the most restless of all the players. He haa tbe foot- qutvering habit, but this is only one sign of his tension. His logs aro as supple Jbtie attitudes ns fantastic, u,s Mr, Balfour's. Now one leg, now tho other, over tbe arm of his ohair i ' now with legs crossed— again, with them 'stretched agoniuedly . behind or straddling apart. - .-Lasker also Bmokee. He wears an oye-glasB and a flower, and is generally one of tbo best-dressed of tbo Masters, whioh ia not saying muoh. I hopo no emissary from tho Tailor and Cutter will stray into St. Stephen'* Hall this month. Pillnbury iB v,ery young, and has tho smootli faoe proper to that oondition. He might be taken at tbe'firat glance for a clever young journalist. Look cloaor at him, and yon wili obaervo a ourloua delicacy, almost fominine, about tho eyes and foro bead. One would infer a very sensitive, nervous organisation. There is no doubt that the progress of the game iB a matter of tremendous interest to bim. He Ib ono of the 'few players whoso face shows no relaxation of anxiety during tbo opponent's move. Por the most part, his eye never wandors from tho 'board, and he plays au if his life or death dopended on the next move. Among the quiet players aro Sohlechter— whom a punster has culled the 'Drawing Master,' bo great is his talont for dividing honours— and Cohn, whose good-humour of visage nothing, will aloud. Jauowski has no particular manneriBma as yet) bnt Tinsloy seeks to prnpltinto fortune by polishing hia'soalp with tbo palm of his band in moments of high pressure. Ho is, howevor, ono of: tbosa I courteous oombatants who shako hands aftor they have been defoatod. Ho will even run. through the jtamo again for his bettor instruction. It is sad to havo to say it, hut till the Masters do not-tako reverses so philosophically. Thero are few things so dilQault to take smiling as a defeat at ohoBS, for, remember, there is^abBolutuly nothing to blame but yourself. Your.gamo is your own doing entirely, and noither weatherj nor war, nor any othor eiroumatance whatever, caneffabt it in anyway. — London Skctch, 1 