a woMANf mm. FROMjLONDON. April 21.— There has. been: positive excitement in the theatrical world lately, on account of the very successful new productions. First came Pinero's . 'Gay Ix-rd Quex' at the Globe, which, although it has ,a fcather unprac tical plot, is an excellent comedy, and was re ceived with' tremendous applause on its first night. Mr. John Hare is Lord Quex, and Miss Irene Van brugh plays the principal woman part, that of a ?fashionable manicurist, who is a vulgar, designing girl; but she eventually adds to the happiness of the sweet Muriel Eden, who is impersonated by Miss Mabel Terry-Lewis - (niece of Ellen Terry) in a most charming manner. Dress on the stage seems to-be getting more lovely and more complicated with each new piece we see. It is very pretty, indeed, iii 'The Gay Lord Quex;' and in 'The Tyranny of Tears' at the Criterion, which is another -new success, the dresses are again very beautiful, Miss Mary Moore as the tyrannical, tearful wife being exceptionally well gowned. The first performance of 'Carnac Sahib' at Her Majesty's Theatre proved rather disappointing after the brilliant triumph achieved by 'The Mus keteers,' and the play is described in the dailies as poor fauff. But, speaking personally, I must say I liked it. The piece is laid in India, and when the curtain rose for the first time on a lovely Indian scene .replete with handsome English officers in correct, cool, white uniforms, and picturesque bearers and punkah wallahs, to say nothing of the prettily attired ladies, I was quite fascinated with the entrancing picture presented to us of the audi ence. ? Carnac, upon -whom the beautiful Mrs. Arnison (Mrs. Brown Potter) has decidedly flirtatious de signs. Then there are distinguished majors, and colonels, Slid lieutenants, also a maharajah, and an English fighting chaplain. As the adventuress lady, Mrs. Potter wears the loveliest 'Worth' creations imaginable. In. the first act a rose-pink underskirt of finely- pleated chiffon, over which is a redingote of chiffon co vered with chenille embroidery of two or three shades of rose. Big black hat trimmed with long black feathers, and just in front daintily perched a pink velvet butterfly; and she carries a pink chiffon and chenille sunshade. Then a very beautiful gowa of hers is of white satin, brocaded with orchids ia shaded purple and pale green, the bodice draped wich gauze of the same colors, and finished by a jewelled waist belt. But her ball gown ia the second act outrivals all the others. The front is of white tulle span gled with silver, the sides and back one gor geous mass of silver and moonlight sequins, em broidered on greenish- blue velvet. lu her blight hair Mrs. Potter wears two bunches of hydrangea blossom placed each side of her temples in the most cunning fashion, which arrangement suits her as I do not believe it would any other woman, and over the dress 'she t&rows; a blue-green ac cordion-pleated panne (panne is the newest ma terial, and a very lovely one) cloak, trimmed with numbers of soft chiffon frills of the same color. Miss Eva Moore, as the girl Ellice Ford, upon whom Colonel Carnac's choice eventually falls, wears a very pretty white and silver gown in the ball scene, and has another very nice evening frock of pink crepe de chine, with a white silk cloak trimmed with beautiful lace and^diamond embroideries. The first night of Henry Irving's season was a most brilliant affair. There was a huge audience assembled to welcome the great actor after his serious illness and long absencs from the stage, and the leading lights of literature, drama, mu sic, and art were conspicuous in the stalls. .Robespierre' is a splendid play, full of thril ling and magnificent scenes, but Robespierre the man is a disappointment, for Henry Irving, in spite of an apparent careful study of th6 great man's character, falls very short of the Robes pierre we all know in French history. Irving in whatever part, he plays is always Irv ing — the same stiff walk, the same gestures, ex actly the same tricks of speech and labored pauses; indeed, it seems to me that the once fa mous actor should at last retire upon his well earned laurels. Miss Ellen Terry, as Clarisse de Malucon, the former mistress of the 'sea-green Incorruptible,' is as charming as ever; and Kyrle Bellew, as her son and Robespierre's, is a distinct success — he makes of Olivier a very striking character. There are many wonderful and pathetic scenes — one in the prison of Port-Libre, where the un happy aristocrats are confined; they are all together and try to pass the -weary hours each day In drinking, playing cards, paying each other for mal visits, and even refliearsing on chairs placed upon a table the ascent to the guillotine, so that ?when their turns come they may' play their last part In life gracefully and with ease. In the midst of their gossip and simulated en joyment comes the moment wnen the emissary fromrthe Tribunal comes to the prison to call out the names of the condemned. It Is truly' heart rei.ding. One prisoner answers, and walks to hia fate with proud and . steady step; another with a light laugh; another ehrieks and struggles; ano ther is grieved to leave his game of chess, and as he rises from the table checkmates flis opponent. And then the women! One wife, whose hue band's name has been called wihout hers, clings to him, and then desperately throws up her hands and h4r voice rings out, -.'Long live the King,' wmen has the effect she desires, and ehe is led away with her husband, smiling to think she will share his fate. Still another woman frantically kisses her young child, from whom ehe is forever to be separated. The whole thing is so full of horror and sorrow that it makes one feel as if they had lived through it all. Another striking scene' is that in which the ghosts of those he has guillotined come before Robespierre. We see the stately women, and, stateliest of all, the beautiful Marie ? Antoinette; and then come before him the men, headed by Danton and Camille Desmoulins. It is most hor rible and mys-teriouB as they vanish again, and leaving the man shrieking with horror. The last scene of ail in the Convention is splen Idly typical of the excitability and mad irrespon sibility of the French people. The. babel and clamor in which the great dictator finally falls is truly wonderful. Lady Margaret Primrose's wedding yesterday was distinctly the most brilliant social function of the year. It was a lovely bright day. The streets around Westminster and Berkeley Square were thronged with people, and the interior of the grand old Ab bey was crammed and jammed witis those who ?wanted to see the popular ex-Premier's daughter married. The fortunate ones who possessed special tic kets to witness the ceremony were in their places early, and we all had a good view of the distin guished guests arriving, among them being the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge. The bridegroom and his best man also arrived nearly, the former looking very handsome and selfpos sessed as he faced the south aisle awaiting his bride. And when she came leaning upon her father's arm, everyone was struck with her stately calm bearing. She is taller than Lord Rosebery, and looks older than her veare. Sh*- -was verv tw-1«v but infinitely charming in . her beautiful bridal dress of rich white satin embroidered with dia mond .primroses, and draped with priceless point d' Alencon lace, which had- once belonged to Marie Antoinette. The bridesmaids were also in white, with beau tiful lace, but their hats of primrose tulle, though very pretty, were most unbecoming. The color was chosen in honor of the bride's name,' but very few girls, however fresh looking, can wear It close to the face and look well. Everyone in the Abbey seemed, to be wearing either primroses or pink carnations, the latter be- . ing the color and flower of the House of Crewe. The music .was distinctly aisappoiiSting; the grand old organ sounded ineffective, and the weak and feeble hyinns were sung .by the choir in a feeble and ineffective -manner, the only jnusic which was really inspiriting being the. last 'Wed- ding March' as the brid«- went .away, and th«Si the clang of the great chimes drowned everything else, and she drove off beside her husband, carry ing with her ;the heartiest. good wishes of thou sands of people. ?? .. 