Jw Tbu M tra* ttbMti, tmbon m. 8»«isf to idflnw pobtte, mmywpmk wc." ■n— THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23. 1899. THE FEDERAL BE88I0N. The Governor's speech at the opening of the special session of Parliament which has been summoned to deal with Federation was a model of brevity and conciseness, as will lie seen on refer ence to another column where it is published in full It simply recited the outcome of the recent conference of Premiers in Melbourne, and invited Parliament to pass an Enabling Bill providing for the submission to the whole of the electors at an early date of the amended draft Constitution ! Bill for their acceptance or rejection by means of a simple majority. Not this time does the Government play a game with loaded dice and ensure the rejection of Federation by means of j an impossible statutory majority, but the manner in which it is proposed to take the referendum with the whole colony as one electorate makes a heavy vote and the «cceptance of the Federal Constitution by a- large majority an absolutely foregone conclusion. As consistent advocates of an equitable Federation ever since the inception of the policy of Australian union by the late Sir Henry Parkes, it is peculiarly gratifying to us to be enabled to anticipate its speedy con summation. Mr. Reid's programme is now put forth with no uncertain sound, and l\o strikes the right key note when he states that " the momentous question is at last fairly narrowed down to an issue between those who really desire federal union and those who do not." In the opinion of many this was the issue many months ago when Mr. Keid himself was numbered amongst the second-named category. It is but asserting a truism to state that had the Prime Minister then, instead of adopting his celebrated Yes-So atti tude, made up his mind to cordially support the Draft Constitution, the present sessiou of Parliament would never have bet'11 m-cessary, notwith standing the handicap of the 80,000 minimum at the previous referendum. The amendments agreed to by the Conference of Premiers, though wel come, were none of them really of a vital character and it will be generally agreed that had the colonies decided to federate on the original Bill they could have done so w ith perfect safety and without risk of any of those awful dangers which some of the more in terested or academic of its opponents so glibly prophesied Still some of the amendments are of a welcome charactcr, more particularly that relat ing to the removal of deadlocks be tween the two Houses of the Legisla ture. The requirement of a three-fifth majority at the joint sitting to decide points of difference wa-s generally felt to be unwieldy and the substi tution for this of a simple majority is acceptable. The linuldon clnuse wo never particularly favored, but little is gained by limiting its opera tion to ten years as in all probability it will have been abandoned us un workable long before the Federation lias been a decade in existence. The fixing of the capital in New South Wales is another matter which has been made of altogether artitic;al im portance, as had the question been left to the Federal Parliament to decide, in the opinion of competent judges the result would have been the same. It is a matter for sincere congratula tion that the Premier has now deter mined to throw the full weight of the Government into the Federal side of the balance. It has always been a matter of reproach against George Houston Rcid that he is an oppor tunist, and is ready to trim his sails to any favorable breeze. Perhaps this may bo the reason of his somewhat sudden conversion to a policy which he would himself not long ago have stigmatised as " Federation at any price." Whether it is or no, we, as earnest federalists, extend to him a hearty welcome to the ranks of the true friends of the coming Australian nation. Having asserted his intention to stand or fall by his Federal policy, the Premier will have no difficulty in securing the almost unanimous accept ance of the amended Draft Constitu tion Bill hy the Assembly and the passage of the Enabling Bill authorising the referendum by an overwhelming majority. The present Assembly is a Federal House, as no candidate at the last general election had th« hardihood to declare against Federation in the abstract, but only against " this particular Bill." How the Legislative Council will accent the .Fedornl proposals is another matter, but in the absence of Mr. Want and Sir Julian -Salomons, it is unlikely that the hostility to Federation which undoubtedly still exists there, will be sufficiently strong to induce the Upper House to set aside all constitutional precedents by rejecting a measure which it is well-known has the cordial approval of tho great majority of the uloctora It has been' clearly indicated by the Government that no amend ment to the Draft Constitution can be accepted from members of either House, and that it must bo accepted or rejected as a wholo. Under these circumstances it seems un likely that any attempt will be made, as has been suggested, to fix a time limit for the sitting of the Federal Parliament in Melbourne. Such a proposal is obviously impractic able, as any attempt to estimate tho time within which fitting arrange ments, such as tho construction of buildings for the accommodation of tho Parliament, the Executive and the Government officers, could be com pleted, would only l>e liablo to lead to confusion and difficulty. The alleged apprehensions of somo thinly veiled anti federalists that Melbourne, having temporarily secured the seat of Go vernment will intrigue to keep it for an unreasonable time, are purely vis ionary, as the overwhelming voting power of this colony alone secures it against any such attempt, whilst there in no reason to suppose that the other colonies would be likely to assist Vic toria in any such nefarious scheme. Apparently this is tho last forlorn at tempt of the bogey-raisers, and the ghost which tliey have conjured this time is so thin as to I e easily seen through. The Enabling Bill having once passod the ordeal of tho Legislature and become law, all will be plain sail ing. The Federation League has al ready expressed its intention to sup port the adoption of the Draft Con stitution .with all the forces at its disposal, and any attempt at organised opposition such as that which succeeded in technically defeating the Bill at the previous referendum is out of the question with Mr. Want out of the colony and Mr. Reid ranged on the side of Australian Unity. Alto gether the outlook is most encouraging and a very short time should see all cause for anxiety on this score at an end. Fine weather prevailed in ail the inland porta of the colony yesterday. The maxi mum «hade temperature at Wagga was OS degrees and 97 the day before. At the Oddfellows' Hall to-night Captain Russell will be the central figure in an entertainment, during the course of which he will den-ant on his travels and marvel* lous adventures in five continents. The descriptive matter will be relieved by illustrative effect* and music, and judging by the favorable press notices which the captain has received elsewhere, the enter* tamment should prove interesting ami amusing. A srrciAL meeting of the Commons Trustees was held yesterday afternoon at the office. Mr. G Rudd (chainnan) presi ded, the other trustees present being Me**r». R. J. Mitchell ami C. Silverwood A large number of tenders were received for the supply of 1127 ironbark post* on Pominga* larna common, Mr John Jackson of Tar* cutta road being the successful tenderer. Stems are being taken to fill the Wol lun-Jry lagoon from the river. The work of erecting Mr. Joseph Hayes' pump on the bank of tnc river in a line with Morrow, street is now in progress, and the laying of a line of pipes witn an outlet near the Morrow'Slreet bridge will l>e completed about the end of the w*ek, when pumping operations, it is expected, will eommenw. i The pump in its present situation will have a capacity of about 12,(X*) gallons per hour, awl it is calculated that a month will be consumed in tilling the lagoon to the customary level in wet Reasons, Thk claim of the School of Arts arising out of the late tire will be adjusted to-day. A eosciTRTand fruit soiree was held in the ! Wesleyan Church last evening. There was a | gocnl attentlance and the entertainment I ratted off most successfully. The Rev. C. t Jones presided, and the programme in« i eluded anthems by the choir, duets by Mrs. ! Wilkin* and Mr. 'Klder, and Measn*. Pike, and Klder. Songs were rendered by Mrs J. W. Shepherd, Miss Allen, and Messr*. Klder, Ogilvie, 1'ike, J. S. Hill, and D. Shepherd. The aocompanimeut.s were plavcd by Mivs Jnncy, Miss Alltu, and Mr. 1*. Hill, ami prior to the enter tainmcnt and during the distribution of-ihe fruit the Town Kind gave several elec tions. Af er the concert, refreshments were dispensed in the school grounds, aii<1 altogether the function was of a highly pleasant and entertaining character. O.v Monday morning, al>out 3 o'clock, a burglar entered M'Carthy's Commercial Hotel, Cootamundra, and from a room occupied by Mr J. Jones took a suit of clothes and a watch and chain, and £3 IDs in cash. Mr. Jones did not hear the burglar. Constable Bowden iflerwards met the man in a lane behind the Wesleyan Church, and as his suspicions were aroused the man made off. The constable called on him to stand, and fired a couple of shots. The man let the thing* drop, and the constable tripped over them and fell. Subsequently an arrest was made by Constable M'Barron aiid the accused was brought before the police court and remanded. The following programme of music was pleasingly rendered bv St. Michael's Hand 1 at the intersection of Bay lis and Forsyth streets laM evening March, " Hampden *' (I>on Fiona); vabe, ■'Klfinore" (Bulch); fan asia, "Magenta" (Ripley); sehottische, "How do 'e do" (Lingwood); selection, " Love's Message," (IIa<ris) ; v*lse, " Love Letters" (Kniest Homann); march, "The Grasp of an Knglish Hand " (Bulch); val e, " Qlga " (Bancafossi) ; march, "TheCostcr's Sister " (Xubly), by request. To a Correspondent.— " Yerong/' — The lieetle you forwarded is a Urge specimen of the pest called " The Borer." Wk are informed that Mr. James Gormly, M P., has obtained the sum of £10 to enable the trustees to improve the Public Recrea tion Reserve at Currawarna. The concert that was to have taken place at Uranquinty on Friday, 24th February, in aid of the fchurch of Knglaud, has been postponed until Wednesday, 1st March. We have received from the Government Printer a copy of the report of the Depart ment of Public Works for the year ended 30th June, 1808, the appendix to which con tains a large number of splendidly executed process blocks of works completed during the year. The report of the Metropolitan Board of Water Supply and .Sewerage is also to hand. A TEBHIBLE case of wife murder and suicide occurred at Palmerston North (N.Z.) on Saturday, when William Daniel M'Kane and his wife were found dead in bed. When the bodies were discovered a revolver lay beside" them. The couple, who were under 25 years of age, had been to Auck land on their honeymoon trip. It is be lieved that M'Kane was affected mentally and that the cause of the tragedy whs financial emharassment. An inquest was held, when the jury returned a verdict of murder and suicide. We have to welcome an addition to 'he ranks of the country newspaper press in the first number of " The Clarion ' which it is proposed to publish weekly at Coota mundra. It is a very creditable production, well printed and collated, and contains a large amount of interesting reading matter. ; The death took place on Monday evening at Baokstown of. Mr. James Elliott, sub editor of the " Sydney Morning Herald*' and one of the best known and most respected of metropolitan journalists. Originally of robust constitution, the necessarily engrossing nature of his duties broke him down ami he contracted con sumption from which he died after a < lingering illness at the early age of 43. I Is the current issue of the "Australasian Coachbuilder and Saddler," there appears an excellent likeness of Mr. R. S. Heydon, J.P. A brief biographical notice, written j in au app'cciative style, is also given of i one of Wagga's best known and most I respected residents. Portion 83 of 256iacres, county Mitchell, parish Ashcroft, will be withdrawn from homestead selection area No. 449, notified 20th April, 1S9S, by notice in the "Govern ment Gazette" of 11th March, 1899, but will still form part of special area No. 27,579. Dn. T. Watkins Burgess notifies that he has removed to "St. Elmo," next door to his old rcsideuce. As Mr. J. K. Moloney, Toole's Creek, has leased hi* farm the plant and machinery will be sold by auction at an early date. At Henty, to-morrow morning, at 10 o'clock, a public meeting will be held to secure the carrying out of road improve ments and the institution of a water supply. At tha Narandera Police Court on Mon day Mahomed Ali was charged, on remand, with shooting with intent to murder Gopal Singh and Meer Singh on the 5th instant, and was coinmitteJ for.trial at the ;Vagga Assizes. Since the shooting affray both the accused and his victims have beeu in the local hospital. The doctor found it impos sible to extract the bullets. Gopal waa shut three times, one bullet remaining in the neek Meer was shot once in the chest. Ali shot himself afterwards in the chin, and the bullet lodged at the back of the left ear. A large number of Hindoos are about the : town to attend the previous conviction j cases at the Quarter Sessions to be held j next week. Racial feeling is running high, I and the police anticipate further trouble 1 between tne Mohammedans and Brahmins. ' 