IL An artist who travels a great deal na turally comes into contact with many strange people, and sees odd happenings in different lands, but I could not forget my most peculiar experience, that talk with the girl on board the Courtwltclh steamer, and her subsequent suicide. That autumn I paid a flying visit to Mordaunt lNorth before starting for Italy. I felt a thrill of horror as the steamer passed over the green-water be neath which Marcia Vane was lying. It was just such another morning, cold looking and windy, with the solemn her ons standing motionless by the banks and islets. North was a changed man in appear ance. Once with grey streaks in his fair beard and deep lines across his brow. He made me tell him again and again all I could remember about the tragedy. "I can't understand it!" was his con stant cry. "Marcia was the brightest, bravest of girls, and our love was a joy to us both. How could her mind become clouded? Her letters were overflowing with expressions of happiness. . Let me show you her photograph." He led me into his bedroom, up to a large' portrait which hung upon- the "I could not show you her photograph when you were here before," he said, "for the only one I possessed had beep sent, at her request, to'a shop in Paris to be tinted. It got lost in transit, but this is copied from another of the same kind avhiclol was fortunate enough to be able to obtain from the original photo: grapher. Marcia never liked being taken; even-hercbrother had no portrait of her." " That he talked on rapidly was a com fort to me for I could not have spoken a word at that moment. My brain was in a whirl. I could'only feel the advisa bility of not stabbing his wounded heart afresh! .'. My discovery might mean Joy or sorrow for his future! ' For the portrait before me was not that of the girl with whom I had talked on board the boat. "'She-she had wonderful grey eyes," I murmured at last. "Not grey; hazel, almost brown," said Mordaunt, thoughtfully. . "Tell me, does1 that look like the face of a woman who, would ever drown herself? My poor wild darling!" "No, indeed, it does not.,' III. Marcia Vane's death placed her brother in possession of her fortune. Marcia Vane was not the woman who had com mitted suicide from the Courtwich steamboat. These were the two facts which I bore in my mind every second of the day and night. Had Arthur Vane persuaded some already desperate wo man to kill herself while personating his sister? Impossible! Yet some explana tion must exist, and Vane should make It to me some day! My journey to Italy was postponed; I stayed in London until I heard, in De cember, that Mr and Mrs Arthur Vane were spending their honeymoon in Cairo. An expensive journey for mel-but on Christmas Day I was standing oeli the steps of a well-known Cairo hotel, hav ing just made a call upon ,Larcla's brother. I had said nothing to alarm him; he had soon got over the first shock of see ing me, and I was resolved to arrange a lonely meeting with him sood,;'when, at the pistol's mouth, he should.explain the mystery of Marcia's disappearance. As I turned quickly away I encountcr ed a lady who was ascending the steps. It was Marcia herself-at least no-it was the woman, calling" iersel Marcia Vane, who had talked with me on board the Courtwich steamboat. "Look out, Julia!" cried a girl who was with her. Her eyes met mine-she turned white as a ghost, and would have hurried in doors had I not clasped her hand as though in greeting. "How do you do, Mrs Vane?" I said, aloud. (Julia Keswick, now Julia Vane, beyond doubt! My mind was beginning to unravel the mystery!) The companion had left us, so I added in a whisper: "You cannot escape me. If you want to buy my silence come to this address, alone, in an hour's time, and with a cheque for a thousand poundsi." She glanced at my card, then fied a look of gratitude upon me. . "I will come." She came. Directly we were alone shite laid the cheque on the table before me. "Marcia Vane will have to be rescued." I said quietly. "Where is she?" "You will give us time to escape with our money to a safe country before you communicate with her?" "If I interfere I can scarcely veDtur to make use of this," was my answer, while fingering the cheque. "True. Marcia is in charge of a Dr and Mrs Murray in Paris; they have several sham lunatics. I will order them to release Marcia in a month's time." "']ow did you manage in that steamer, you clever woman?" A vile light gleamed in her grey eyes. "I did not go overboard, but dis guised myself quietly behind my trunks, thrusting my woman's hat and cloak into one of them. Black whiskers and a green shade soon changed a face." "You were the sleeping Frenchman?" "Yes; no one saw him go on deck, but his ticket was taken all tight, so the authorities were unsuspicious." "Your motive was plain enough." "No doubt. I loved Marcia's brother, but we were too poor to wed, so I plan ned how to ohtain.Marcia's fortune. Now my husband and I will leave Europe for some spot where the law cannot touch us. That thousand pounds will pay you well for a month's silence." "I am perfectly satisfied," I replied, tearing the cheque into fragments, as two detectives stepped from behind a screen. "Trapped!" cried the woman, hoarse ly. "Ay," I said. "for Mordaunt North's sake." The real Marcia Vane was soon set free, and it was my proud privilege to escort er cldown to Courtwlch-by rail. She had been well cared for. I shall never forget the radiance of Mordaunt's face as his eyes rested once again on the original of his chetlshed portrait; "rindeeds"my"memsorx.Is not likely to part with any incident of that tragedy on boardthe Courtwich steam 