ECHOES FROM LONDON. [Froaa oar Special CooesDondent.l Jnne 2. MAJOR MAHCHANTVS RETCBV The return of .Marchand to his native land is a nutter not strikingly important in itself, but very curious by. reason of it* immense effect in ' France: ' He reached Paris at 0 iu the morning, and all round the railway station the streets were packed ?with a dense crowd come to sec the na tional hero of the hoar. At the entrance to the l«'are de Lyon a row of carriage* were waiting all loaded with bouquet* that had been sent by Societies and Clubs iu honour of the great explorer; and the League of Patriot*, arriving in wagonettes all festooned with flowery took up their places in tbc boulevard through which the procession wa* to pass. In side the station the platforms were kept dean but a number of people who had climbed on the buildings and could mv the interior kept the crowd informed of all that was happening. AVhen the train rolled in, they led the i-heer. which was taken up in a Hollow rear over fifty acres of densely blackened streets that radiated in all direc tions. When Lieutenant TJUrriens, the Aide de-camp ot M. Lookroy, Minister oE ilarine. stepped uii to jjrahp the 3lajor's hand and on bchalt -u the jlinister welcome him back to 1'arU. again the people aloft led the Tray, and a louder cheer resounded. But what wa.- thi* to the noise when the two officer*, .-rated in a State carriage which \ras fmnthcrcd in wreaths and bouquets, moral out iuto the open. Then a group ot patnet ilrpnlies came forth and shook Mar cbssd by the hand, hailing him as the con cnwnv of Fa*hoda, while tricolours, large or wnall. waved here and there over the head* of the excited throng. The people crowded in -o much that the large bodies of police found it bard to keep them within bounds, ami a constable rode on each step of the rarriase to prevent the intrusion of horny harded enthusiasts, who. were willing to bestow a grip of their too effwive fists upon the incomparable. Major Marcband's com pnnions followed in another carnage; but the cmwd, presying in between, dissociated the two carriages. However, they all reached the Ministry of Marine, in front of which a huge concourse had assembled. Some commotion was caused when it was noticed that the building had no decora tions, not even a flag; end some patriots trontnl to rectify the omission by placing t a tricolour over the central gate. This th« | rolice prevented, and there whs a litle bit } r.f a rcufflc. It calmed down into good T.atuiv at once, however, when M. Lockroy and Major Marchand stepped out together on the balcony and a number cf ofheers ^roupeil themselves around. Tlie-- all maue their ^Mutations to the crowd, who rc ?: ondcil with cries of 'Vive Pannee!' \\\\\ the time that the Major was engaged at luncheon with the Minister, who had incited a brilliant Catherine ot uenersi* and Admirals to meet him. the crowd waited outside singing and indulging in I mU-r to pass away the hour, the whole ot the irrrai square before the MinUtry bcins jammed with people. All day long where ver Marchand went he bad a reception be inldirinjt in its tumultunusneM. When he visited the Military Club, and in response to cries from the street where a crowd had ?withered, which Renter's correspondent es timates at 50,000 people, stepped on the balcony, he was utterly taken aback at the ocean of upturned and yelling faces, rfc: swayed irresolutely backward* and for wards a* it anxious to speak, yci ronwiou. or the folly of addressing such a urge at K-mMagc. Suddenly he pulled off his cap and began frantically to wave it. at which a shout-went up of 'Vive Marchand, we 1'armee*' louder than the shout 'that brought down the walls of Jericho. \ll thu enthusiasm is not Awakened by Marchand's geographical discoveries, whica am somewhat slight It has a fourtoM erigin. partly out of admiration for Mar chand's pluck, partly ont of the national rareness over the Fashoda business, partly because the radical parties bail in. Mar chaud a sort of protest against the Govern ment which yielded in that business, and rartly and chiefly because the Dreyfus re vision is now practically determined on, and the fanatics -who oppose [t and rave about the honour of the army have scixcd tipou this return of a popular officer to make it a sort of indirect demonstration in iavour of the army. At the Geographteal Society, howe\\-er, Marchand was told that his name vrould be enrolled among the brightest and greatest in history, and tha: r-u work bad honoured France in the eyes of all the world. A grand reception was acorded to the returned traveller dunnc the evening at the Military Club. Mar chand has given offence by a. tpeecb. Iw made when welcomed at Toulon. He raid that in the Fashoda criria France had weakened herself 'by dissensions that trew unworthy of her. The reference to the Dreyfus troubles is Tesented, and theMum cip.il Council of Paris, which is strongly *?nti-Dreyfu-, has rescinded its resolution ?f, award him a Dublie reception. TUB DREYFUS CASK. O'j Monday the reading ia pubbc of the report nude by the official reporter of thi proceedings in connection with the Drcytus case occupied the whole day. The Court was crowded by people, who listened pa tivntly tor hours to the recapitulation ot evidence which everybody knows. They wer* waiting for tbc expression of opinion which they Knew would come at the end. And it came. After a short adjournment, M. Uallot-Beaupre.the reporter, raised bis mas* of papers aaain, and to use the words of the 'Standard' telegram:— 'It was lelt by all that the critical moment was near ir.e, and that the revision or otherwise, to * great extent, depended oa the tenor of the reporter's utterances. M. lWlotbeau prc also evidently felt bis position a* la ncared the close of his long tJsk. Hi* voi«v «.ook a deeper toue, and, during jiis final declaration*, was shaken with vuiblc emotion, whilst hi* gesture became more emphatic, and for the first time during the reading of his Report— which so lar had oc cupicd eight hours— he disclosed the hither to careful? hidden fact that he had au opinion concerning the ease, and that u viry decided one. The first dear indie* tior. cf iu nature was when the reporter ?Icrlarvd that he did not believe Droyfu* hvi. at the degradation ceremony, admit ted h-.i Ruilt. The imi»re«ion produced hy this- indication had hardly died away crt M. Ba'lot-Bcaupre came to the great ques tion. The requeK for the rcvWon, he con Kdrrvd. should be based entirely on tlic writing of the bordereau sud the p.ipci u.-*d for it. and. having briefly detailed the evidence relating to it. the reporter, in measured and solemn tones added:— 'For jnv part, gentleman. I have the full and prc'nimd conviction that the bordereau was «-ritt-«. not byTfcevfu*. but by Estcrhazy.' Tlic utterances of tbece words drew an ex clamation from the lips of all present, and it '.r- evident that many people bad diftt ?:u!ty in restraining theft emotion. M. B-1- lot-IVaiipre .upported this statement bv si. ludini to the letters of Etfcrhazy v.-uicli h.vl bcon discovered, end which, written nn paper rir.ribr to the bordereau, were ad fmklol to be authentic. He alluded tn I the l-'itatioa which the Dreyfu* case had y .Mitspfl throughout the country, denied that the vrnlict to be given in any \«-ay afTrctcd the army, and dosed his remarkaW- srwch by ajkins his confreres to say that Uicre \ras a new fact tending to prove the inno ren«'p of nreyfus, and that therefore he «T«ou!.l hf retried. M. BiHot-ftetuprc elose.1 his address by remarking that he m.i-W this request with a firm conviction and full sentiment of the responsibility he aasumed. Ton will iny whether T am riaht or wro.^; mv relent is cone'ih'ed,' wen» the r-nnl* M. I??Hf.t-Rnuprc uttered a- hf laid dowr. the !.-.^t hundlc of mnnu«cript fmm tvhfc!i he ha-l \v:tn reading, whi'rt ropprwd ai- tibn5c brckc from various parts of the Court.' Hcutcr** t«?!epnm 0»u* rcprtrts Ihe con elusion of M. Ballot-TV-jiuore's addrcs.*: ~l do not a.«k you to declare the innoconci of Dreyfus, but'— and at tin* point The re porter displayed keen emotion— 'it is witf a Prm conviction and with a deep apprc ctation of my duty .iml of my rcspunsibilit] that I say there if ground fur pronounrin; in favour of the revision of the trial of iS94 and of sending Drcyftw bef«rc ancthei Court-martial, who.*!? duty it will be to saw judement with a full knoulediie of the fact of the owe. Mr rc|K-.n i- tJni^hcd.' M Rillot-Beaapro then r-*ume-l his seat. :tmi- some cries of 'Bravo!** and subdued raur murs of approval from tbc back of thi Court. PEATH OF ROSA DO.vnElR. Last Thursday night, at the age of Bcventy- fcven, Ko«i Bouheur, grcatc»t fe male painter of this century, probably thi greatest of any, equalled alone by hcrcoun trv-womao, Madame Lebrun, died ot con cestion of the lungs at her FontaincMsau Feaidcnce. Yon have heard by cable or the occurrence, and have undoubtedly alread- riven your renders a sketch of her ronuatw Career. There remains, however. » re markable eccentricity of the woman to be related. Mr. T. P. (VOnnor thus denies i,t-._«It xns at a brilliant gathering in the Grafton Galleries, and all London v.a* there Suddenly one of the gucsts-no lew a oewon than Lord Cunon, the present Viceroy « India, said to me; 'The most canons sight here U th* person who, I an, 58? UKosa Bonheur/ And thereupon yn »D went to «e tlie parson who had been pointed to as the lUustnous Frrnch Sinter: It was certainly a strange sight. Sited on a bench with a couple of ladies iaTwhat looked like a very respectable ^pfimt jxft&edjffitlex.; ThftJmrTQ^Mg ted on tne one side; ana tnere was plenty of it— though it was cut short; it was black spriukled with grey; there was a jacket' something like a sac coat: the features were strong, bronzed, tflightly puckered; the mouth had also the puckered look of the family servant, the cheeks looked glowj as after many shavings— in short, it was a* unmistakably mannish-looking a person as ever I saw; and yet there was a susgestion of tlic strange and the curious which showed that this- impression was not altogether correct. And it wasn't; for this weird figure was Rosa Bonheui. And the woman was as she looked— with a iiraiige masculine independence, a curious love for mannuh things. 'She went. con- stantly about fairs ana 'markets in man's clothes; she worked at home in man's clothes: it was only apparently on ceremo nial public occasions that she adopted the drey of her sex; and then she looked more like a man than ever— as she did at that gathering in the Grafton Galleries -where I saw her for the first and only time in uy life. She had an absorbing love of animals, and a strange power over them. I have inserted in these pages a story of her sent to me by a lady who knew her. It was tbc story ot a pet lion. She was forced to oiw up tbc lion when it grew from baby hood to maturity, for it became too dange rous; but she wept when the lion left her; and when afterwards she paid a visit to the now captive animal ia the Jardin d'Accti matation, the animal recognised her, and groaned loudly and in palpable grief. The Mene lras just the kind of one to touch a Parisian gathering; they were all in tears when they saw this pathetic meeting be tween the faithful animal and its loving mistress/* For many vears back she has not exhibit ed in any exhibition, but this year a small canvas of hers bangs in the Salon. It is now draped in black, and so announces that never more will her pictures take their place among the work of living artuU. It will be a most interesting thing if the French get up a general exhibition of her life's work. A complete exhibition would be impossible, the pictured are so much Mattered. Her best picture, tbc ''Horse Fair,' is now in America, for which country it was bought at the lone price of £12,000. I believe there is a small exhibition of her later work now on view in Paris; but, so far as I can learn, only one picture of hers is accessible to the public in London, and that is only a very average one. YORKSHIRE RUMOUR. The 'Evening Standard' on Wednesday published an amusing article on Yorkshire humour, from which I extract the following anecdotes:— Very characteristic is the story ot the far mer who pulled up at the wayside inn and called for a quart of beer to sample the brew. He drank it off and absently asked for a second quart. Thin he appeared ti ponder over, and took a third to make up bis mind. At last he pronounced liU ver dict. 'T'aal's varry fairish. Ill get donm an' ha' some.' One characteristic of the Yorkshire tempe rament is its independence or sturdy sense of one's own equality with others. An Archbishop, examining a Tery elderly fe male candidate for confirmation, was- horri- fied to be told, in reply to hie question re specting the keeping of the Command ments, that 'she kept Panmston (♦Palm) Sunday at Stnwsla, an' Trinity Munda at Y.itton. an' Pancake Tucsda at yam.' ''You are a poor, weak woman,' His Grace remarked, with pity. Imagine his astonish ment when the old lady replied briskly. 'An' sea would you be, weeak an' wanklin' too, if you'd been as badly as I've been for the la*t three weeks!' That the Yorkshireutan is not incapable of retort is shown in the story of the clergy man who preached at a strange Church and complained to the Churchwarden that his own wa» much cleaner and neater. 'Ay.' was the quiet reply, 'but there's neabody pins intiv it. to muck it up. thoo knawt.' The shrewdness of the native is pretty well exemplified in the case of the young bride who took a house which was sup posed to be haunted by the ghost of its late owner, an old miser. 'Ts nean flared' (not frightened), she explained, 'for if he'* gan ti heaven, be weaht want ti room back* an' if he's ptten ti t'other place, the; weant let him oot!' 