OUBIOUS COINCIDENCES. Mr. James Brlnsloy RIcliardH, author of "Seven Yeani at Eton,", tells a curious story in "Belgravla" about himself and Mr. Angelo, the fenclng-inastcr at Harrow, Westminster, and other places. It Is a vory weird Ineidont, and something more I bun a strange coinci dence, and might well claim the nttcnllon of Mr. Stead or the Psychical Research Society. . Let me tell the story In Mr. Richards' own wurds: — ' ' "A . curious adventure ocaurred to me in connection with Mr. Angelo, : which I will mention for the benefit of tlioso who like ghost stories. In March, 1SQ9, alighting from a train ut Buckingham, I saw Mr, 'Angelo get out of a compartment next to mine and walk across the platform in company with a couple of yomig fellows who were very gay and frolicsome. One of them gave the other a push, upon which the hitter Bald,' 'Isn't ho behaving badly, Mr. Angelo?' , "1 intended to accost Mr. Angelo, but thought I would wait until he had parted with the two gentlemen, who were Btrangors to me. Presently, thoy both entered a private carriage, which had come to the station for them, and drove off, but when I looked round for Mr. Angelo I saw fac had disappeared. Imagining lie had entered one of the wait ing-room's, 1 lingered about the entrance to the. station for a.'quarter of un hour, but he was not to be Been; I thought this rather strange at the' time, for the Buckingham oiuiiun uirmu arriving siue nun uui one up- proacli, and Mr. Angelo could not have walk ed away along It without being noticed by mo. "In tlie following week I was at Harrow, and lunching at the King's Head with a young relative of mine, when tlie conversa tion fell upon fencing, and the boy casually alluded to ills fenclng-maSter as being the successor of Angelo, who was dead. 'Dead,' I exclaimed, 'how very sudden ! Why I Haw him not a week ago:' 'Ynu couldn't have Heen Angelo, the fencing-master, ' answered tlie boy, 'l'or he lias been dead some yeai'H.' I really stared. If there had only heen the evidence of my eyes as lo Mr. Angulo's ap pearance on tho platform of Buckingham Station I should have concluded at once that my sight had deceived me. but I had dis tinctly heard Mr. Angelo addressed by name. I had the plnlncst recollection of having heard one of the two young men In whose company he was say, 'Isn't he behaving bad ly. Mr. Angelo?' "On my return to town from Harrow I had the fact of Mr. Angela's deatli some years pre viously amply confirmed. Here liie story ends. Nothing ever came of the aptsirltlon 1 had witnessed. It bruughtme no portent;it hud not heen preceded by any thoughts about Mr. Angelo, and It wus followed by no circum stance which can throw tlie faintest light upon it, so that of course I am hound to submit to the Inference that I was labouring under an optical nnd acoustic delusion. Btlll 1 am not convinced of tills myself in my own mind, und I have always thought of the Incident as being one of those mysteries .which urc perhaps thrown into our lives to innkc us wearv of scoffing too readily at strange things reported by others." A Cambridge lawyer once told me of a queer adventure he had in a railway train on tin- way to London. On getting Into his carriage he saw, as he supposed, u man with whom h» uas on terniH of pretty close intimacy, and accosted him In a familiar manner. But the other rejected all his advances, dnnleff t|n. pleasure of his acquaintance, and took refuge In Ills paper. My friend, thinking It a Joke, tiieil him again, but with no .better result. Or, reaching town, the lawyer, utterly puzzled, and not knowing what to make of It, drove straight to tho chambers of the mail whom lie thought lie had seen In the train. He found him in, and heard that he had not heen ruv from home thnt day. Tho lawyer, u hard- headed business man of the world, swears that the likeness was complete in every par ticular—the one being a facsimile of the other. Here was a pretty plain case of u double, and I huvc heard of similar Instances, though not r.o striking. AVbat a mystery, though,, might arise outnf such nil 'ncldent, and what mis leading evidence might be tendered honestly enough in a court of law. In' cireumslanccu ot similar mistaken Identity! Tho total membership of the Boys' Brigade for the United Kingdom is 35,000 lads,- with 2800 officers. . The "five nations of Europe" own 2310 war ships, mounting 88,200 guns, all ready for "immediate service." A league for the elimination of foreign words from tlie French language has heen formed in Paris, 