On the Richmond Range at Sunrise. FBt F. M: Ibbt.1 I suppose no one haa . crossed the Richmond Range without being struck by the wonderful beauty of the foliage, in the dense scrub that ex tends along the road for several miles, rising like green walls on either side. ? The red , cedar with itB dark fern-like leaves, orowned with bunches of crimson flowers, soft and smooth as velvet, gigantic figs, the handsome nettle tree, and the silvery leafed grevilleB, con trasting with the glosay green of the teaks and camphor trees. High above everything else rise the great hoop pines, tall, sombre, ghost like iu the early morning light,. and all along eacb branch growa grey mosa, Boinetimea hanging many feet in length, having exactly the appearance of icicles, giving one the idea that one has 'suddenly come upon a frozen forest. -- - Growing up the trunks of the treea are large bunches of rock-lilie*, birdnnest ferns, staghorne, elkhorns, and haresfoot fern, and the whole are matted together with rope like oreepers of wonder ful grace, wild grape, bignonia, wild ivy, nnd the lovoly little Queensland melon, with its feBtooun of red and white berries, coveriug the tree tops like a delicate weddint? veil. Here and there you come upon a small cleared spot covered with capo gnoseberry bushes. A few huge loga lying ready to be oaited away, a bullock dray, with a couple of men alongside boiling a billy for breakfast, while a third drives up the lazy look ing bullocks with their clanging bells. Then, from the top of the- hill, looking down on to a valley of tree tops of tropical luxuriance, high hilla rising on the other side, and the pine taps peeping like little green islands above a sea oE morning miBt, and the aun juat gleaming on the topmoat branches. It ia eerily still, the silence broken only by the harsh scream of tlie black cockatoo, or the bell-like note of some small bird calling to its mate — faintly answering from the distance; it is unpleasantly dark and gloomy ; there is a gleam of gold as the Regent bird flies by ; one wishes it would remain longer, to make a noto of colour in this dark land scape ; and though tbe grandeur of it fills one with wonder and admiration, it is with a feeling of reliof that, you emerge once more into open oountry, and your eye restB upon a quiet little farm with ita peaceful greon fields and fruit trees. 