WEBB'S CREEK. (From our own correspondent.) Although sommer has made a good start, "wintry weather has been felt in the Creek for the last week or so. Heavy froBte have killed young melon plants, ferns, etc. Humour-says that Mr. Victor Butler in tends, if he can get a companion (not one of i the opposite sex), setting out for the Boer ' Land, but if he takes good advice he will remain at home, for he would only make a good target for the Boers. Two young women one day last week paid a visit to a friend about two miles distant. They left their return home until after sun set as the night was nice and moonlight. When about half way on the return journey they imagined they saw, what is commonly I termed a ghost. 1 cannot say how they felt but imagineMhey will return before dark for I the future. Several persons in the Creek say that they would not venture out of the door after dark for anything. On last Saturday morning a painful acci dent betel Bernard Smith, of Lower Mac donald. It seems from what I can gather he was bending a sapling, and asked a lad of about 14 to give it a chop with the axe. The axe in its downward stroke struck a bough and glanced from the tree onto Smith's foot, severing the second toe on the left foot al most off and making a gash of about three inches in ltngtli on the fost. He was con veyed to the Windsor Hospital on Sunday for treatment. His many friends of the Creek and Lower Macdonald wish him a speedy re covery. A party of about 15 people went up the Creek one afternoon last week for a walk, and \as usual each picked his chosen one. Things went along very well until two more men arrived on the scene. These latter deter mined to do a happy pair bad, by taking charge of the girl. Of course things went on splendidly for about twenty minutes, when the man who had first charge lost his temper, and lashed oat, but was soon upon the ground. Then the wrangling pair talked fight, but of course were prevented, and they evidently parted the best of friends. I some how think that it will be settled on some future date. Both are Al pugilists. 