MR. BOWSER’S TRIBULATIONS. There was no doubt that Mr Bowser had something on his mind. Dinner had been eaten, and he had [?] down to his cigar and the evening paper, but he was rest- less and uneasy, airs Bowser mentally wondered whether ho had bought an elephant at a bargain or found anew remedy for consumption, but said nothing. By and bye he tossed the paper aside, and observed:— "I haven’t heard the piano going for the last three months. Anything out of order?" " No, it’s all right,” she answered, "but, as } ; ou hate music, I don’t play when you are here," " I hate music 1 What are you talking about?" “You have often compared my playing to the sound of beating on an old tin pan." "Well, of course, you are a poor player, and your voice is cracked; but as far as music is concerned—real music—it fills my soul with joy." “ But you never sing or play." " Haven't had time heretofore, but now i-I- " “ You intend to." " Yes. I feel the need of something to make home more pleasant—to offer more diversion during the evenings. I think I shall learn to play the violin." " What! At your age!” exclaimed Mrs Bowser.- “My age!” he shouted, as he bobbed round on his chair. “That’s what I ex pected, to hear. Wbat's the matter with my age? I»am neither blind, speechless, nor crippled. Eliny went at it and loarn od six languages after he was seventy years old." “ Well, I suppose you brought home the violin?"' ' “ Yes-’. IDs a beauty, and I got it cheap. It’s 'a real Givoni, and I bought it of a man who was hard up. Got it for .£7, and it’s worth JESO.” “ And.you will try to learn to play it?" " Certainly. I had one lesson this after noon, and m less than a month I’ll as tonish you.” " You will practice in tne garret, I sup pose?” “ Not by a jugful 1 I shall practice right here! That is, there won’t be much practice about it, as I shall be playing tunes by Saturday. Let me show it to you." He had left it in the liall as he came in. Ho got the package and uncovered it, and brought back a greasy old fiddle which looked as if it had been carried round the country since the days of Elizabeth. "This violin was made by Givoni him self over 100 years ago,"' he said, as Mrs Bowser gazed at the old relic. "Who was Givoni?" ."Who was Givoni? Why don’t you ask who Queen Viotoria is?" " Well, it's my opinion that you have been swindled on the instrument, and 1 fear you aro too old to take up such music." "Do you? That’s a nice way to encourage a husband! I see now why so many men run out nights. I not only saved .£33 in buying this fiddle, but I’ll make your heart ache with jealousy before tho month is over!” Ho sat down and began to saw. He held his head on one side, ran out his tongue, and sawed away at the scale, and he had been going about five minutes when the cook opened tho door, beckoned Mrs Bow ser out, and whispered: "I give you notice that I shall leave after dinner to-morrow!" " Why, what is it?" was asked.. “Him.—Mr Bowser! He’ll bring spooks and ghosts about! I Lave already been taken with palpitation of the heart. Mercy! but listen to those voices of the dead calling out to each other across their graves! Mrs Bowser, it’s the wonder of the people that you don’t commit suicide!" Mr Bowser continued sawing away until his arm was tired and his collar wilted, but 110 wouldn’t have stopped when he did had not a voice in front of the house shouted: “ Why don’t someone throw a rock at the door, or ring for the policeman?" Next day a dark-skinned man, who said ho was -a grandson of the late Givoni, came up and gave Mr Bowser a lesson, and the cook, who had almost consented to stay on, suddenly rose up and rushed after f.ei bundle. When ready to go she whis pered to Mrs Bowser: " I’m sorry for you that’s to he left be hind, mum, but if he gets violent you’ll have him taken to tho asylum, of course." Mr Bowser took four lessons in all, and then told his teacher that his services would no longer he required. He took the last two lessons in the barn, in order, as ho said, to surprise the neighbors. On the evening of the last lesson “he seated him self on a Tustic chair in the back-yard, and when ready to "perform" he said to Mrs Bowser: You said' I could not learn to play the violin, at my age. Just listen and see A' HU f !on * c !>ange your opinion." Ho started in with what was meant for a wild, weird prelude. It hadn’t pre luded over thirty seconds when a dozen people appeared at back windows. Fif teen seconds later, as Air Bowser got his tongue out and h:s arm limbered up, s : x different voices yelled at him. Tho applause begins." he said to Mrs •k^‘\s cr » as she stood at the window above. *1 m afraid they don't like it/' she re pliod. Don’t like it!” he exclaimed, as he produced a wail of despair on the strings. H ire vegot neighbors who can’t appr°- ciato music I’d like to know it at once and prepare to more. Don’t tell me"—’ It was a big cucumber which whizzed by Ins car. The cucumber was followed bv a potato, which grazed his eliouhlor. A lump of coal struck the fence Rrhind him with a bang, and as he rose up to bow to the “np plauso a tomato hit him in the mouth and Mrs Dowser screamed lo him to flee ro. 111s life. He was dazed for a moment, and u was not until a generous half of a lemon alighted on his shoulder that he started lor shelter. As he gained tho house he had his revolver and six different murders in •mind, but just then a police man rang tho door bell, and, as soon as ho was admitted, lie excitedly demaud- Now then, who is it torturing cats in the back yard? “I—l was playing the violin,” stammer ed .>] r Bowser, in roily. "Do you mean to tell me thafthose hor nli!o_ sounds were made by a fiddle 5 ’’ “Y—Y r es.” "Then you’d better stop it. If the neigh bours start in to lynch you it’ll be all over before I can gc!: help]" The officer departed just as three of the neighbours appeared. They invited Sir Bowser out to the gate for a conference. wna„ was said may never be revealed in print, but alter ten minutes a decision was arrived at. When Mr Bowser re-entered the house ho was looking as pale as a rag and the first thing he did was to kick the hddio sky-high, and tho second to throw tho pieces out of the back window. "Mr Bowser, have you gone crazy?’’ ex olaimed Mrs Bowser, as lie threw the bow after the shattered fiddle. “No, ma’am, I haven’t, but I’ve got a sa '’ to you!’’ he replied. Wlmt have 1 done?" Done! Done! Who coaxed me into •buying a fiddle?" ,"Tho grandson of Givoni. He had an old fiddlo he wanted to get rid of, and he struck you for a flat, and got twice its worth.” "Struck mo for a flat.” shouted Mr Bow ser, as he walked around on the cat. “And why ? Because I wa3 willing to keep peace ln „ , family. You had your mindset on a fiddle, and a fiddle vou must have.’’ „ “Mr Bowser! What did I waut with a fiddle? “Heaven only knows. But for you I should never have thought of trying to play on it. What do you suppose Greene and Davis said?” "That you were a dunce." “That if their wives led them around by the nose as you do me, they’d wipe the family out, and then comni’it suicide 1 I must have looked sweet dawdling over that fiddle 1" "You did. I told you that ifc was non sense your trying to learn music at your age.’ “My age! There you go! Am Ia thou sand years old. Am I five hundred. Am I even one hundred, that you keep flinging it at me! Music! Why, I’ve more music in my .big toe than you have in your whole body. Mro Bowser, this is the limit. Y r ou have gone far enough. Now beware! The worm is ready to turn !” "But how did I have ailvthing to do with it? Didn’t I say all I could to dis courage you? Didn't I ” "Never! Never! But for yon I should never have bought a fiddle and made a f. ol of myself! It was your little game, ami you have played it well, but we will see wliat you gain by it. You can take the train for your mother’s at 10.30 in the morning. Meanwhile meanwhile " And ho glared at her, and nodded his head, and stalked into the library, and banged the door and locked it behind h’m. It is stated that an English firm has just completed a carpet which has co3t to manufacture more than JMGO. It is in tended for some fortunate person’s draw ingroom, and has been entirely handwoven. by women. Eighteen women, closely sitting at the loom, took five months lo make this splendid carpet. 