THE SPINSTER'S CHRISTMAS. Miss Prime was I be Tillage spinster. There wer?, of course, several other maiden ladies of certain aiid uncertain*age in Evandale, but in the same way that many wires belong to their husbands. Miss Prime belonged to (tie residents^of the little town. She was theirs iu sickness and in health ; to the poor and to the rich, to the good and to the bad, she g.-ire herself ; and when death npueared in any of the little lioaic;, Miss Prime was always suas 111 ailed. All of which proves she was beloved in Evandale. She was a comely little woman, and looked not much older than she had looked fifteen years before, when her spinsterhood had com meueed. That was when Eiliott Seudder had gone away from Evandale. _ Everyone knew that Angy Prime Lad sent liiin, that her he.irt liad gone w«th him, that she would henceforth listen to no words of lore, that the lore story of her life had been told. Many and various were the ways in which fcer neighbors tried to lighten the loneliness of her life, and there was an unspoken com pact among them that she S'IOUI i never be : left alone on holidays. On Christmas. on ®gw Xear's Day, at Easier, she was always invited to join some family group. Deep in her heart the liitle woman knew that this was all prearranged. While she was well aware that she was not looked on in the light of a burden, she knew ehe was invited out of sympathy, and sym pathy is often an alias of charity. Sometimes-but only to herself, of course Miss Prime rebelled, and wished that she might have the courage to refuse the kindly invitation, but she never had; at least, she sever had had until this particular Christmas. The invitation to eat dinner with Mrs. Tait had been duly delivered, and Miss Prime was sitting at her little rosewood desk preparing to write her acceptance. Suddenly she determined that she would not go ; she would refuse for once. She hurriedly wrote a note declining the invitation, and, hastily putting on her bonnet and shawl, took it immediately to th» post office, thus giving herself no time to change her mind. When she reached home again she closed the doors and drew down the blinds, so that if anyone from Mrs. Tait came to inquire her reason for this unusual act it would appear j as if she were out. | Having started upon a career of deception, ; Miss Prime found that one while lie had to be followed up with another; but she needed time to form her plans, time to invent a reason for having refused to dine with a neighbor on Christmas Day. All day long she sat in her kitchen thinking over what she could say. Night is an early visitor in December, and in the shaded kitchen Miss Prime's work fell from her bands long before it was time for tea. She leaned her head back against (lie cushioned chair, and a little procession of ghostly' ifs.' passed before her eyes. There was the Christmas tbat might have been if she had not listened to those idle tales -if he had not gone away without asking her reasons for sending him. There might have been a merry little group around *her' table, if-there might have been childish voices at ' her* Christmas tree, if And then a strange resolution formed itself in Miss Prime's mind. She would have had the same dinner that she would have had for him and for them. No one would know. And why might she not have the joy of preparing a real Christmas dinner just once F To say that Miss Prime's response to Mrs. Tait's invitation caused consternation in Evan dale would be to express it mildly. It was the one subject of gossip at tea-tables and other meeting places. Farmer Gleason reported that Miss Prime had bought a fine fat turkey, aud then it was decided that Angy must have friends coming from the city to spend the holidays with her. Such a thing had never happened before j still, it was possible. Old Grreig, the grocer, told his wife-and the village knew all about it lhe next morning -that Angy Prime had bought nuts and candles, and a lot of little tinsel gewgaws for Christmas tree, and village curiosity was on tiptoe with excitement about the unwonted visitors. Christmas Day broke wild and stormy. A dozen carts might have driven up to Miss Prime's door and no one ha*e been the wiser. In the little spinster's house there was an unusual air of festivity, but it was a ghostly festivity, for an intense silence reigned. Once or twice Miss Prime essayed to sing a Christ mas carol, but at last she gave it up. * I can't make noise enough, for the whole family,' she eaid, aloud. Her face was flushed, and over her best black silk gown, was carefully tucked a snowy apron. The kitchen was redolent with Christ mas fare. The turkey was done to a turn, when suddenly Miss Prime eat down iu the high-backed cliair. ' I declare,' she cried,' I do believe you're crazy, Angelina Prime! Suppose somebody should come iu and find you carryin' on like this! A home for the feeble-minded'd be the next place you'd be asked to.' In a few minutes, however, she rose from the chair, walked to the door of the best room, and opened it. There was spread the Christ mas table; a tiny branch of fir beuding with Christmas candles and gilded nuts, with red cheeked apples and golden oranges, occupied the centre; around it were drawn four chairs, and on it were covers for four. Tears sprang to Miss Prime's eyeB, but the moisture was quickly dried by a fiery determi nation to carry out her plan to the end. She placed the turkey on the well-loaded table, seated herself, and then bowed her head. * For what we-I-' Her words ended in a moan. Her Christ mas comedy had turned to tragedy. The empty chairs of imagined husband and chil dren mocked her loneliness. For almost the first time in fifteen years the dreariness of her life confronted her, aud the unshed tears of fifteen years before fell thick and fast. The turkey had grown cold, and the candles were burning low, but still Miss Prime sat before her family table. She heard a knock at her door, but paid no attention to it. Then, realising that only someone in need would be abroad on Christ mas night, and in such a storm, she rose to answer the summons. She extinguished the candles, and as she closed the door of the best room she locked it and slipped the key in her pocket. No one should know of her folly. For an instant the glare from Miss Prime's kitchen light flared out on to the snow. Then the man who had knocked stepped inside, and, taking the lamp from the woman's shak ing hand, placed it on the table. Neither had spoken, for to Miss Prime this was but another of the day's ghosts, and, although the man had planned many phrases, -in the presence of the woman he had loved for fifteen years and more his tongue was tied. 'Do you still believe that I am not worthy of your love, Angy ?' he said at last. It was almost as if he had gone from her fifteen minutes instead of fifteen years, and her answer was given as it would hare been liad be come back for an explanation in that far-away past. ' No, I never did believe that.' ' But you listened to the stories against me.' * I-I didn't believe them.' ' But you sent me from you.' * I only wanted to be sure that I loved vou.' * And you are sure now ?' 'Yes, Ell.* After a little while Miss Prime eatd, eliyly: 'Our supper's ready.' Then a crimson flush djed her cheeks. '.Goodness Bates?' elie cried ; 'you sit here, and don't move until I call you.' Then she disappeared into the best room. The knives, forks, plates, glasses, napkins, and chairs were quickly removed from the sides of the table, and when Miss Priuie called her lover she added ' I thought it would look' more sociable for you to see the table set for two." < A 