SOME ASPECTS OF ROMAN CATHOLIC_W ORSHIP. LECTURE BY REV. ISAAC MOORE, S.J. : No. II. The second of'Ills series of lectures on questious of doctrine and ritual was delivered on Sunday evening last in the Church of the Immaculate Conception, -Hawthorn, by the Ret. Isnac lloore, S.J. The reverend gentleman, in this Instance, continued, as follows, his dissertation on " Some Special Aspects of Roman Catholic 'Worship " :— The -subject of these lectures, as advertisements hare informed you. is " Some Special Aspects of Roman Oaitiholic Worship." Aspects it has. many common to it and to tlie worship of others who are not Catholics. To one of these your attention was invited last Sunday. This evening another will be submitted to your consideration. To help this consideration, recall to your minds the definition of worship given on last evening. Worship, in its widest sense, is sill)mission to the recognised excellence of another—the act of intellectual deference to the excellence perceived in another. It is thus, even when merely internal worship, a complex act, consisting of the perception of an excellence in another, and the submission or deference to that excellence. The most common notion of worship is the perception of the infinite greatness of the Creator, and (he unlimited submission the perception of that excellence engenders in the soul. It is not possible for any man to dwell, even for a little, on the all-seeiug Judge of the world, and as to how lie stands with regard to that dread Being, without deep feeling. It may be a feeling of joy and peace ; it may be a feeling of remorse and anxiety. The conscience of each man. God's primary vicar ou earth, will enlighten him as to which it should be. Probably mingled feelings will arise. In this respect every man is exactly like every other. It is a principle, universally true, that every feeling which strongly moves the " heart •will seek outward expression. Is there, then, any outward action which can adequately express the feelings aroused by the thought of God, and man's relations to God ? To fulfil this requirement it must be an action absolutely reserved for "this use, and this use only. For as there is one only God, toward Him alone is it reasonable and lawful to entertain and to express such feeling for. For it is an acknowledgment on the part of man of his complete dependence on the dread Being to whom lie offers that act. And it is ou his Creator aloue man is thus absolutely dependent. Is there, then, any action whin-h natural selection would seem to have chosen as peculiarly fitted for that purpose ? And has such natural selection been ratified by divine approval ? If both these questious are answered iu the. affirmative, as tliey must, we know clearly fliow to render supreme worship to God —a worship which there can be no risk of confounding with any homage, bowever reverential, we may, because of some gift He has bestowed ou them, render to any of His creatures. The reason is obvious, since the excellences •perceived differ not iu measured, but in measureless, degrees. The offerings made by Cain and Abel certainly look like the promptings of natural selection. This seems all the more probable from the 'fact that in all nations, civilised and uncivilised alike, similar offerings were made with tilie same object. In the Mosaic legislation the like offerings are distinctly commanded, or distinctly approved, by the Almighty, as supreme worship, as right worship to be offered to Him atone. The offering of human life was, doubtless, the most .precious ttoat.ismM be made. -God might -have commanded human sacrifices. But the beasts of the field, and the fruits of the earth, by which human life is sustained, have certaiulv a natural aptitude to be substitutes for human life. And His -will iwas that Che offerings should consist of those things which are to human life what the oil is to the lamp. In tilie Levitical ritual this substitution was clearly signified. Such offerings are called in Scipture by a specific name, •Sacrifices. A sacrifice is, therefore, the offering to God, by its real or equivalent destruction, of some material thing. And this must be legitimately instituted to acknowledge God's supreme dominion, man's need and desire for expiation. This act of external worship is altogether different from every other act of external worship, and to it only can the name sacrifice be applied in the strict sense and the •full sense. The name, however, is applied to other religious acts, but only by analogy ; for instance—" A sacrifice to God is an afflicted spirit." The - form of supreme adoration having been esita'blislhed, as -we read in Leviticus, who could change it V He alone who established it. Is there in Holy Scripture any intimation that it was at any time to be changed ? The future change is indicated in the 31st chapter of Jeremias, and the passing away of the old and introduction of the new form of sacrifice is clearly foretold by the prophet Malacby—" For from the rising of the sun to the going down thereof, my name is great among the Gentiles, and in every place there is sacrifice, and there is offered to my name a clean oblation." Intimately associated with this change there rises before our view a venerable and majestic figure, purely the most mysterious human being of all wiho appear in the pages of Scripture. Learned treatises have been written about Melchisedec, and conjecture has exhausted itself in vain to discover precisely who and what he was. He appears only once, in the 14t!h chapter of Genesis, and then vanishes from view. Recent explorations have brought within the ken of profane fljjstory his contemporaries. Chodorlaihomor and Arioch, and further explorations may possibly shed some light on the question as to who Melchisedec was. We know that be was a priest and a king—that he was a priest of the Most High God. We know that the Father of the faithful paid him tithes. We know, moreover, that he was a type of the Messiah, and tihat, lie offered bread and wine. This is what the Bible records. One of the objects St. Paul had in bis epistle to the Hebrews was to point out that the annulling of the covenant under which the I^evitical priesthood exercised its functions had been distinctly announced. And be tries to reconcile them to wiliat they might be tempted to regret. For this purpose he shows that that, priesthood had been replaced by another, and another of a .higher order —even a priesthood according to the order of Melohisedee. " Now consider," lie says, "how great this man is." Abraham paid tithes to him ; he was therefore superior to Abraham. But he was superior to Levi, from whom the Levitical priesthood came, much more superior to Levi, was Melchisedec. But tlie great high priest who replaced the Levitical priesthood was a priest ac- LADIES who use QUIBELL'S DIS- INFECTANT say It Is superior to Permanganate of Potash. Try it. Safe, Invigorating, and Healthy. 6d. and Is. per bottle. Sold everywhere. Dep6t, 524 Collins-street, Melbourne. cording to the order of Melchisedec. That priesthood, therefore, which the Hebrews anight be tempted to regret, •was replaced toy a priesthood of a higher order. , How infinitely higher that order was St Paul proves as well by the ineffable dignitv of the great high priest, Jesus, to whom, he says, are applied the words:-" Thou art my Son. Thou art a priest for ever according to the order of Melchisedec," as by the nature of the sacrifice, he offered. " But Christ, being come a high priest . . • neither by the blood of calves, of goats, but by his own blood, entered once into the Holies, having obtained eternal redemption . . . For by one oblation he hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified.' Bv these words St. Paul excludes such sacrifices as those of the old law. For tliev were an acknowledgment of guilt of exniation needed, but not yet made. The same words also exclude every species of sacrifice whatsoever to increase the satisfaction for sin already complete, or to augment or add to the expiation already perfectly consummated by the sacrifice of the cross : but not sacrifices commemorative, reuresentative, of that for the application of the merit then consummated And our Lord is proclaimed "a priest for ever;" which supposes a sacrifice for ever by a priest, according to the order (i.e.. rite and liturgical practice) ,of Melchisedec. therefore a sacrifice for ever according to the rite of Melchisedec. To understand this aright we must go back to the scene in which that most venerable personage appears. That scene (Gen. xiv.j is related in the fewest and most concise words :—" But Melchisedec, the King of Salem, bringing forth bread and wine, for he was a priest of the Most High God, blessed Abraham, etc. To the first member of the sentence, "bringing forth bread and wine," is added in the second member the reason, " for he was a priest of the Most High God." Hence the bringing forth was a sacerdotal action. The word used in the original for "bring forth " is, in the sixth of Judges and sixty-sixth of Isaiah, used in a sacrificial sense. From this also it is argued that the act was a sacrificial act. The unanimous verdict of antiquity is that in tlvis sacrificial action of Melchisedec was predicted and prefigured the adorable sacrifice of the Holv Eucharist The Psalmist certaiulv looked back to this passage, and saw in it the special rite or liturgical usage of the priesthood of Melchisedec. That "order " (i.e., rite and practice) cannot be understood, unless in accordance wiih the sacrifice here described. For in the Psalm th<? Messiah is said to be a priest for ever according to the order of Melcliisedoc. The Scripture tells us that our great. Pontiff is "a priest for ever, after, or according to. the order (i.e., the rite) of Melchisedec." We are, therefore, compelled, in order to divine the meaning of the words " order of Melchisedec," to examine the only scene in which he appears. In that scene he blesses Abraham. That is not a distinctly sacerdotal act. as parents blessed their children ; others also performed that function. The only other act he did was the " bringing forth bread and wine." If that be not done sacrificially,. and as ail act of his priesthood;, . where can we look for the meaning of " a priest according to thftjovder of Melchisedec ?" But that waS .doue. as an act of : ids priesthood, because Me^l§edec'.£yf»s a type of Christ., For Sje^isedefc, being translated, an'^ujs king , of J justice. In .Toremiiih^ jfxiil:, this is the title of oui ,; Lord, " ^ra the name they shall call him T 'The Lord our just oue.'" In the xxxiii. the same title is repeated, k 'And in Isaias, ix., (j " and his name the prince of peace."' And Melchisedec is distinguished from the Aaronical pristbood by being a king. Then he is " priest of the Most High God," not for any particular nation, as the Aaronic priests were, but for all nations, so Christ is the universal priest of all nations and ages of the world. And, again, in not offering the sacrifices of slain animals, but in offering bread and wine. i ti this peculiarity is he type of our Lord giving to His people a share of His own divine life through His adorable body and blood, under the forms of bread and wine. Thus was the Holy Eucharist prefigured. That it was regarded as a sacrifice docs not admit of doubt. A non-Catholic write*, Grabbe, a man of high authority, says' —" It is certain that Irenams and all the Fathers whose writings we have who were coeval with the Aposdes, or immediately followed them, l.eld the Holy Eucharist to be the sacrifice of the. new law." To accumulate passages from the Fail^vs is superfluous. Just two I shall rend. The preacher then read a. striking passage from SI. Cyprian, and another from St. Aupusiisie. and wound up by pointing out. " This also is a special aspect of the Catholic Chuvcli, that its worship is a worship by sacrifice." In this she is distinguished from other religious bodies. Her claims to the submission of maukiud have rioen much discussed in I/ngiaud during the last half •.•tuuv.'y. It cannot be said that rh<; opposition to her claims lacked chnmpions. On the contrary, they abounded, nor vreiv they deficient in learning, ability. ,ir zeal. And what has been the ivsnlt ? Hundreds of men, lay and clerical, have given in their submission. For they came to recognise as infallible teachings of the Holy Spirit "That they bad been taught were errors of Koine. When they lia\e accepted so much, it is not easy to see why they do not accept the rest. Prejudices, interest and passions exercise a swayful inl'uence over most men. Let us give thanks that we have ivceivcd tho faith, and pray that God may enlighten all who are outside the Church, that we may all combine in trust and faith and tru<; worship of liie Father, Sou. and Holy Ghost, to \vlioui uu praise and gloiy for ever Large Purchases of Property—The hard times through which the colony has passed have not discouraged the spirit of enterprise which has been so long a characteristic of our much respected fellow-citizen, Mr. P. K. M'Caugban. He has once more given very substantial proof of his confidence in its future by purchasing Hosie's Corner, with frontages to Elizabeth and Flinders streets, Fechan's City Arms Hotel, the Mitre Tavern, and Mowbray's block, on the St. Kilda-road. The aggregate sum which changes hands at the prices given is very largo, but is withheld from publication. In this issue will be found the business announcement of Mr. A. Glass, produce merchant, of 799 Jit. Alexander-road, Essendon. Mr. Daniel Innis, of 7 and 8 Victor! a Market, makes a speciality iu the trade of potatoes and onions. A very interesting collection of pictures of sacred subjects has been on view within the past few days at the establishment of Messrs. Pellegrini and Co., 299 Elizabeth-street, opposite St. Francis' Church. Most of these are! entirely new to this colony, and will well repay a visit. It may also be said that the prices are very moderate, ; 