Chips and Chaff. First Volunteer (of returning decimated regiment): 44 The girls are going wild over us!" Second Volunteer (grimly): '4 Yea; we; are remnants." A Friend: 14 If you love her. old fellow, why don't you marry her?" Bachelor Doctor: 44 Marry her ? Why, she's one of my best patients." A certain elderly married man says that he firs* met his wife in a storm, took "her to her first ball in a storm, proposed in a st rm, and has lived in ft storm ever since. 44 Yon are 3Ir. Quezeon, the husband of the celebrated lecturer on cookery, are you not?" <4Yes, sir," said the dejected, hrl.'ow-eyed man, 441 am the man she tries her near dishes Nurse to naughty child: 44 If you're so naughty rou can't ever go to heaven." 44 Well! I've been to the circus, I've been to the pantomime, and I've been to the carnival; one can't go everywhere." The Count: 44 Ah! ze English tongue. , bow ect ees drole I W'en ze mau woesh to provo hecs love for ze lady, he swear to her. Ze first yare of marriage he swear by her— and affaire, parbleu J he swear at her." Judge: 44 You are accused of stealing six reams of piper, three gallons of ink. and five gross of pens. What have you to say?" Prisoner: 44 l'our honour, I am a novelist, and I was merely collecting material fora new story." 44 Now, children," said the Sunday school teacher, 44 ca:i you tell me of a srreater power than a king?" 44 Yes, ma'am." cried a little bor eagerly. 41 What, Willie?" asked the teacher benignly. "An ace, ma'am," was the unexpected reply. Papa: 44 Why do you wi-h to marry him. Ethel?" Ethel: 44Why, because he loves me." Papa: 44 But do you low him?" Ethel: 44 Why. no. I never thought of that. I've been too much interested in getting him fo propose to have time to think of it." A gentleman pass ng through one of our publio ofiiccs was affrootcd by some clerks, and. being advised to complain to the principal, he did so in this wise : 4* I have been abuses! here by some of the scoundrels in this office, j and como to acquaint you of it, as I under stand you are the principal." The emotional litterateur had just written a piece of which he wus very proud. The editor looked it over and said: 44 Do ycu candidly tliiuk"such opinions ought .to go into cold type?" 441 don't know much about the practical work of printing," was the reply, 44 but I don't believe it makes any difference. Even if the type is cold, I guess that article will take the emit off it." A story is told of u young lady at a dinner party who was taken into dinner, at the time when the university extension lectures were first inaugurated, by an eminent professor, an authority on English literature. The professor was the local lecturer, and men tioned, during his conversation, that the subject he was going to lecture upon was Keats. 44 Oh, professor." tho youug Itdv inquired with a gush, 44 what are keats?" 44 Will you have a pieco of the pie, Mr. Goodman?" asked Bobby's mother of the minister who had unexpectedly stared to dinner. 44 Thanks, no." he replied. 44 Will i you Bobby?4* she inquired. 44No, I think uot," said Bobby, rather hesitatingly. The minister looked" at Bobby in surprise. *• I thought all little boys were fon*- of pie," hcj4 said, "They are," replied Bobby. ,4Ij could cot that whole pie; but ma said if jou didn't take any I mustn't, and she'd save it for to-morrow." "I've an offer to go to work for a whole sale house. What would you do if you were in my shoes?" After a careful inspection: " I think I would black 'em.'* When Theodore Kooscvelt was giving his farewell address to the Rougbrider*. he con cluded with this little story: •• Several persona called On me yesterday and said, 4 Ob. you that hill.' were brave to lead your men up th; •Why. I didn't lead tmm.' I answered; had to run like mad to keep them from run ning over me.'" The Rev. Dr. Wightman, of Kirkmahoe, courted a girl, and obtained her promise to inurry him on condition her mother approved. Weel, doctor," said the gratified mother, " yo're far oe'r guid for oor Janet." " Weel, wcei," was the rejoinder, "ye ken best, sae we'll say nac matr aboot it." He never did, and he lived unmarried, as also did the young woman. At the second cataract of the Nile on a recent trip of one of the new steamboats—a light draught one, as there were only two feet oi water to be passed through—the pas sengers were startled by a err of ** man over board." The steamer was stopped, and pre parations made to save him, when he was heard exclaiming, with a- strong Yankee accent, " Go ahead with your darned old steamboat, I'll walk behind you." An old country gentleman, returning home rather late, discovered a yokel with a lantern under his kitchen window, who. when asked his busintss theic, state! he had only " come a-courting." ••Come a what?" said the irate gentlcroau. "A-cour;ing, sir. I'se courting Mary." " That's not true! What do you want a lantern for? I never used one when I was a young man." " No. sir," was the yokel's reply, " I don't think yer did, judging i»y the missis." The late Lord Sberbrooke Lad a domestic pet in the shape or a donkey at his place at Gaterham. Whilst his lordship wh* away ia town the donkey dropped two foals, which his lordship's factotum named Bobby and Dizzy. On Lord Sherbrooke's return he went out to see the foils, and was told how they had been named. Relating the story one evening at a dinner party, he observed drily. " I ought to add that Dizzy is the bigger donkey of the two." At a small village a few miles from Edin burgh a lecturer took for his subject •* Ghosts," -and commenced by asking if any of his audit-nee had ever seen or had inter course with a ghost: if so. would they please step on to the platform. Whereupon a coarse-looking farmer stepped up. Said the lecturer, " Now, bit, have you ever seen a •gho>t'?" "Ghosts! Oh, ghost be hanged," said the farmer, •• I thought tha »aid goat. I'd better get down." 