FORM OF CONSECRATION TO THE SACRED HEART. Most sweet Jesus, Redeemer of the human race, look down upon us humbly prostrate before Thine altar. We are Thine, and Thine we would ever be ; nevertheless, that we may be more surely united with Thee, behold here to-day, we, each and every one of us freely consecrate ourselves to Thy Sacredl Heart. Many, alas, have never known Thee ; manjr too, despise Thy precepts and have rejected Thee. Have mercy on' them all, most merciful Jesus, and Hrnw Mmm' tn Thv Sacred Heart. Be Thou Kine. O Lord, not only of the faithful who have never forsaken Thee, but also of the prodigal children who. have turned their backs upon Thee : grant that they may quickly return to their Father's house lest they die'of misery and hunger. Be Thou lung of those who have been beguiled by error or whose affections have been turned aside from Thee, and call them, back to the haven of truth and the unity of the- faith, so that soon there may be but one fold under one Shepherd. Be Thou King also of all those who still sit in the ancient superstition of Paganism, and refuse not Thou to deliver them out of darkness into, the light and kingdom of God. Grant, O Lord, to Thy Church assurance of freedom and safety from harm ; give peace and order to all nations, and make the earth resound from end to end with this cry : Praise to the Divine Heart that wrought our salva tion ; to It be glory and honour for ever. Amen. Litany of the Sacked Heakt of Jesus. (By decree of the Sacred Congregation of Rites dated April 2, 1899, the following Litany of the Heart of Jesus is approved for the entire world, and the Holy Father has attached an indulgence of 300 days to its recitation in public or in private.) Lord have mercy on us Christ have mercy on us Lord have mercy on us Christ, hear us. Christ, graciously hear us God, the Father of Heaven. Have mercy on us God, the Son, Redeemer of the World God, the Holy Ghost Holy Trinity, one God Heart of JesuB, Son of the Eternal Father. Have mercy on us Heart of Jesus, formed by the Holy Ghost in the womb of the Virgin Mother, Heart of Jesus, substantially united to the Word of God, Heart of Jesus, of Infinite Majesty, Heart of Jesus, Sacred Temple of God, Heart of Jesus, tabernacle of the Most High. Heart of Jesus, House of God and Gate of Heaven^ Heart of Jesus, burning furnace of charity. Heart of Jesus, abode of justice and love, Heart of Jesus, full of goodness and love, Heart of Jesus, abyss of all virtues, Heart of Jesus, most worthy of all praise, Heart of Jesus, king and centre of all hearts, . Heart of Jesus, in Whom are all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge, Heart of Jesus, in Whom dwells the fullness of divinity, Heart of Jesus, in Whom the Father was well pleased, Heart of Jesus, of Whose fullness we have all re ceived, Heart of Jesus, desire of th° everlasting hills, Heart of Jesus, patient and most merciful. Heart of Jesus, enriching all who invoke Thee, Heart of Jesus, fountain of life and holiness, Heart of Jesus, propitiation for our sins, Heart of Jesus, loaded down with opprobrium, Heart of Jesus, bruised for our offences, Heart of Jesus, obedient unto death, Heart of Jesus, pierced with a lance, Heart of Jesus, source of all consolation, Heart of Jesus, our life and resurrection, Heart of Jesus, our peace and reconciliation, Heart of Jesus, victim for sin, Heart of Jesus, salvation of those who trust in xnee, . Heart of Jesus, hope of those who die in Thee, Heart of Jesus, delight of all the saints, Lamb of God, who takest away the sins of the world* spare us, O Lord. Lamb of God, who takes away the sins of the world, graciously hear us, O Lord. Lamb of God, who takest away the sins of the world, have mercy on us. V. Jesus meek and humble of heart, R. Make our hearts like unto Thine. . LET US PRAY. O, almighty and eternal God, look upon the Heart of Thy dearly beloved Son, and upon the praise and satisfaction He offers Thee in the name of sinners and for those who seek Thy mercy ; be Thou appeased and grant us pardon in the name of the same Jesus Christ, Thy Son, who liveth and reigneth with 'ihee, in. the unity of the Holy Ghost, world without end. Amen. ' 