A Coward's Dive. By B. E. W. ' Is it gone ? . No ; hurry, burry. We have twelve seconds. Quick, before they take up the gangway.' And Mis. Wingfield flew across the whaif. driving her white-dressed charges like snow flakes before a devastating wind. Only it was far too hot for enow flakes, tor it was November, and the sun was glittering over the harbour in all hiB first spring glory ; he lingered longer now and with more warmth over the earth, us if he were falling deeper in love with her each day, and more reluctant to leave. The Brighton waited at the wharf, with everything that could shine about her throwing off a bewildering little glitter ; the gangway was about to be drawn when Mrs. Wingfield rushed forward valiantly, and the mxt minute was leading her small flock up the stairway on to the deck, which, as is usual on the Manly boats in bright weather, was crowded with pleasure-seekers in holiday spirits and coBtumes. ' Dear me,' said stout Mrs. Wingfield, sinking down on to aseat neartbe stairway, and fanning her self vigorously with a little Samoan fan, ' I am very glad we caught it after all — only just iu time, too,' as the paddle-wheel began ponderously to swish through the water, and the Brighton, with a hiBsing of steam like a giant's prolonged rigb, moved from the wharf, and soon the great paddle boat had left the Quay and the wharfs behind, and was making a foamy track across the smiling diamond-flecked nurbour : past the big English steamers, where the Cingalese sailors crawled like flies against the broadsides, past the grey fort lying lifeless and lizard-like in the hot, sunny waters, away where the dull green haze of busbiand became visible, and little, white-sailed pleasure boats flew on the breeze like birds. 'It is very fortunate that we caught it,' Mrs. Wingfield said once more as the girls clustered round her. ' I thought we were running it rather close, especially when Erlistoun left her puree in the fruit shop and had to return for it — that must have de layed us fully five minutes, if not more. And, oh, how veiy hot it has made me ; I detest hurry of all things.1' And she looks at Erlistoun rather re proachfully and the Samoan fan jerked its light brown body from side to Bide quicker than before. ' A flush rose in the cheeks of the child sitting oppo site, a very fair little girl, dressed all in dainty white muslin, and a large chiffon covered hat. A delicately betutiful little girl with hair iu which every shade of bronze and gold and red played hide-and-seek. This was Erhstoun Macquarie, the latest pupil ; the initials E.M. Bhonejin silver on the crocodile-skin purse in her hand, and were scrawled inkily over the Btrap of the neat parcel beside her. All the girls bad similar parcels and each contained a bath ing* dress and a towel, for every Saturday morning during the summer, Mrs. Wingfield who was swim ming mistress to the e five girls, all boarders at Mrs. Nelson's school, took ' them across to Manly to the swimming baths, now long since done away with, where they were taught ' confidence and a few scientific facts.' .._.,..?. ' I don't bolieve she'll ever learn,' said Mmuie Schultze, as she and three of the other girls leant ovei the railing as they .passed close to Admiralty House. ' She's so upset about leaving her purse an makingusa little late. I expect she'd start to cry if anyone Bpoke to her. She's such a funny, frightd ened little thing ; one would think she had never been amongst human beings before.' - And Minnie gently but firmly removed a sticky small boy, who was trying to force.his way through the group to the railing^ and using a particularly squashy banana as a BOrt of ' Open, Sesame.' ' You mean Erlistoun ?' asked Gertrude Barker, when the small boy and his banana had been dis posed of. ' Well, Bhe hasn't been amongst what we should call human beings ; at least, not civilised ones. The Macquaries aro very rich and have a station away in the wilds ; this is Erlie'e first visit to a city, and no wonder Bhe seems rather bewildered— she's never seen the Bea before, bo imagine what Mrs, Wingfield will have when she tries to teach her to swim.' 'Never seen the Bea,1' echoed the twoSchuliz-s and Freda Farrel horrified, for these Sydney girls, bom with the breath of harbour breezes in their nostrils, could not imagine what it would be. like to have always lived in a wild wide stretch cf country where watorholes and springs were the nearest ap proach to anything of the sort. ' No,' answered Gertie ; ' of course we're in the same eliss at school,' she added, looking round at the older girls, ' and she tells me things more tLan she would you. She's to stay at school for nix years and then, when she*B eighteen, ia to travel all over the place. Isu't she a lucky gul ?' 'Poof! I'd rather hive one ounce more spit it than she's got than all her luck,' said Freda. ' She's too shy to enjoy it. We oughtn't to come away from her. See, old Mather Wingheld is beckoning to us, aud, oh ! there a.e the musicians.' And as the girls made their way to Mrs Wingfield and Erlistouii, there came a tum-tumming from the little pianette near, and everyone turned their breeze ruffled head to listen, in smiling expectation. Every one except Mrs. Wiogfield. She looked a little worried, especially when her glance rested on Erlis toun Bitting so shriokingly near, watching the danc ing water with fascinated eyes. She looked as if she would be a troublesome pupil, and would not have much confidence. ' Confi dence,' said Mrs. Wiogfield to the parents, ' confidence is all that is necessary — provided they are taught certain scientific facts.' The other girls had been easy to teach, they enjoyed the break in the monotony of school routine, enjoyed the lesson aud the walk afterwards down the Corso to the seaside of Manly, and the trip back again — a Jittle browner, a little rosier under their broad-brimmed hats. But looking at this little Etlistoun Macquai ie, the swimming misrress felt doubtful ; she noticed the start the child pave when the music began with a few crashing chords, and how large her eyes were growing as the great paddle-steamer tossed up and down on the foam -flecked waves crossing the heads. ' Erlistoun ?' called Mis. Wingfield at last, ' come here. Why, child, what is the matter ?' For Erlistoun had rushed to her Bide with a faint cry on her lips and a frightened whiteness on her face- she bad never been on the sea before, and the roughened motion bewildered her. ?' What !' asked Frances Schultze as they drew near, ' is she afraid ?' ' Fugh ! You should have seen it at the time of the ' Maitland ' gale ; it was just like mountains then, wasn't it, Mis. Wingfield ? And wrecks were as plentiful as— as— jellyfish, and ? ' ' Hush,' said the swimming mistress hastily, for Bhe could feel Erlistoun tremble. ' There is nothing to be frightened of. Brace yourself, brace yourself. See ! there is the harbour beach of Manly, and there are the baths we are going to. You will soon get used to the water, my love ; all you need is confidence.' ' My love ' ceased trembliug, and her colour crept back in a wave of carnation as she felt she had made a foolish exhibition of fear ; besides oh ! how she was longing for the dear old station home, with mother near, and the magpies' sweet wild note in the trees, and the whip birds' strange call from the paddocks — even the jackasses' ncisy roll of merri ment would have comforted her now. Instead of these home sounds came another, almost as comfort ing. The golden-voiced tenor, having finishad ' Bid me to love,' had began the first bars of some thing familiar, aud ' Sweet Maiie ' trembled on his lips. Frances sat down disappoiuted ; Bhe had hoped for the ' Carnival.' But Erlistoun sat entranced, for the sound took her home — home. ' Sweet Marie ' had taken years to reach the Macquariee' Brown (who likes to.be thought a swe^l, and who has been entrusted with a friend's brougham for the night) : ' Home, John.' John : ' Where's that, sir.' s'afion. First, she had left Sydney in the mind of a member of Parliament going on a speaking tour ; from him she had gone to the hotel boots who heard him waxbling her while at bis bath ; the hotel boots had transmit! el her to a concertina, and played her as a wx\tz at a shearers' dance, where a melan choly shearer ciiught her and took her up country with slow, unhappy rhythm and doubtful time, and he had spread her about gradually. But unfor tunately, during all thsse Travels, the words had been sadly altered. I've a some hing in my heart, Sweet Marie. Seems to me that I could break, love, for thee, Erlistoun forgot her fear in listening, and when the money-box was being handed round, she took a blight half-crown from her crocodile purse, and laid it among the pennies and threepences, while the Bmall bov of banana fame looked at her in amazement, with his fifth banana suspended in air. CHAPTER H. ' Oh, Mrs. Wingfield, I can't£-indeed I can't '— and Erlistoun turned away timidly from the swim ming mistrees'B strong hands. ?* Nonsense, my love, nonBenre !' answered Mrs. Wingfield, ' do not be such a little coward. Look at the other girls they are not foclish. Come, come, brace yourself.; you must have more confidence— one jump with your bands, as I have mine — and after the first shock you will be all right' Ani Mrs. Wingfield turned to the spring board, once more dragging ErliBtoun with her. Seven weeks had passed since the first lesson. A hot December had set in, with tiresome long nights ol mosquitoB and warm winds, and long, hot days, when Smith's arithmetic was simple torture and ice creams seemed the only reasonable seasonable things to think of. Erlistoun had learnt to swim and bad grown a little more used to the water, but she bad not gained the ' confidence '' Mrs. Wingfield insisted was so necessary. And she had decided that sharp, sudden action would wake the child up and do her a great deal of good. So she told her to dive from the spnogboard into the deep water — it would teach her that she could depend on herself — and the shock woul do away with her fear. Mrs. Wingfield, in a red twill bathing-dress, was an imposing figure, and the pupih-, sylph-like iu their young slimness, stood much in awe of her. Never had one of them been bo disobedient as this small Krlistoun Macquarie, as she flatly and obstinately refused to jump from the springboard. And her eyes flashed defiance at the stout lady before her. There was a light in them Mrs. Wiogfield did not understand. Was it entreaty, defiance, or terror, or all three ? Mrs. Wingfield gr-£W angry, then angrier, then furious. She had never had such an obstinate pupil before. The others had all gained confidence and scientific facts with each fresh stroke. But this email, blue-clad figure clung to a post and would not be pushed, coaxed, or threat ened on to the springboard lyiug so invit ngly in the sunshine. ' I will not,' she cried fiercely, after a little struggle. ' I canuot and I will not.' Mi s. Wingfield became nearly as scarlet as her bathing suit. ' Will not,' she echoed. ' Do you know what you are saycg ? ' Erlistoun nodded and - whitened pitifully. Mrs. Wingfield, beside herself with rage, almost thiew herirom hir. ?' Very well,' Bhe said, white heat in her tone, ' very well, you shall have your own way, you little coward. Tec, coward ; do you bear P By that name you shall be known among us until you have sprung from that board as I tell you. Go and dress yourself. You are a disobedient, obstinate, cow ardly, little stupid, and I have done with you.' And Mrs. Wingtield, with a short ' Time to come out ' to the other girls, disapeared in her dreBsing box, leaving them mai veiling at Eriie's cowardice, for they were all fearless — used to the water and dar iugly fond of it. ' Mrs. Wingfield shouldn't have spoken so roughly to Erlie,' Freda Fan el whispered to Minnie later, as they were walking along the sea esplanade, the mistress severely silent in front, while Erlistoun lingered behind in disgrace. ' Mrs. Nelson wouldn't like her to ; but, all the same, Erlie is a coward. It's such an easy little jump— why I sprang from it at my third lesson, and this is Eriie's seventh.' Somehow the account of this little affair, exagge lated and twisted, got about the school, and the ename ' Coward ' fastened itself on to her with a cold, tickly clut:h. Girls who had ben growing fond of the gentle little thing, who was always ready to help them it she could, and cure their headaches and lend them things, dtew back into themselves, for they despised her timidity. Besides, Etlistoun dis tinguished herelf by fainting at what she felt sure was a ghost one dark night. It turned out to be a maid's white apronlyinghalf in shadow, half in moon lipht, on the kitchen stairs, and through this a secret supper the girls had arranged, aud which was jujt being smuggled into the kitchen, was discovered, and the leaders of the mischief punished. Of course they blamed Eriie's cowardice for this,— no other girl would have imagined such silly things as gbostB. Poor little Erlistouc ! it was a terrible week for her ; she was not like the wild little station - bred girls, one reads of, though she could ride and drive {ike a boy ; but in this city life there were so many things that bewildered her. On the following Saturday morning came the usual trip to Manly, and the usual walk to the baths. Generally Mre. Wingfield and her pupils had the baths to themselves, but this morning there were one or two other children there, and the air was merry with shouting and splashing and triumphant yells, as the small figures sprang from the spring boards, diving, swimming, fighting joyously in the deep water. There was oue tiny, daring little mortal about 9, who seemed to be all over the place at ouce. If Freda wanted to dive from the spring board on the left, this little thing was already there, a vision of white arms and legs and crimBon batluug Buit. If Frances went to the one ou the light -hand Bide, the small figure would be there laughing and chattering an instant, and then with a spring she would vanish in the waters below, to appear a mo ment later, smiling and spluttering. She seemed to have no fear, and did everything it is possible to do in the way of diving and floating and swimming and — especially-^screaming. Erlistoun, in deep diB grace for her accidental betrayal of the secret sup per, watched it all wistfully 88 Bhe paddled harm lessly about in the shallow water near the steps, and wondered if she would ever be able to do the same, and whether this title of ' coward ' would stick to her for long, aud if the magpies were singiog at her home, and whether mother was on the verandah wii ing those stories which delighted Erlie so and went out into the world and delighted other little girls, too. How long she sat on the steps, sunning herself like a lizard and dreaming of home, she did not know ; a scream aroused her, aud a cry of ' Oh, Margie, Margie !' and there in the water below was a little crimson figure struggling frantically, and close to her was a row of shining teeth and a hideous shark face, upside down. All the girls bad escaped to the steps, and watched spellbound. For one brief second, and then someone flew along the spring board, there w«s a cry and a splash, and Erlistoun the cowaid dived down to the fluttering mass of crimson — there was a horrible moment of white teeth and sickening suspense, a shrill strange cry broke from Erlie. The keeper of the baths had now rushed iuto a punt near. In a moment he was beside them, aud lifted Erlie and the crimson girl into safety. The watchers who had stood as if a magic spell of stillness bad been cast on them, breathed the first sigh of relief. Tenderly they led the small Margie up the steps ; she was excited and voluble, and cried for '? Mother '.' But the other was carried up still more tenderly, and the look ou the white, noble little face they never forgit. ' She has fainted,' said Mrs. Wingfield, who had wrapped herself in a huge and hideous Turkish towel. And then she started back with a snocked cry. For the email hand that hung limply over the mana ger's arm as he carried her was stained with blood, and the tip of one finger was missing. It was long befoie Erlistoun Macquarie came back to school again, for after this teirible thing they took bar home to recover from the Bhock. In time her tinger healed, in time the memory of her fight with the shark was dulled; but to forget— it was im possible. She had thrown off the name of coward, and was ths heroin' of the school when she returned, and they showered her so plentifully with love aud ad miration that it was hard to believe that these were the girls who had once despised and shunned her so. The shark was caught the same afternoon ; it was a very small one. How it got in the baths was a mystery. It is true that the trapdoors bad been opened that morning ; that was the only way it could be accounted for, though Freda Farrel always maintained th it a shark's egg must have gone and hatched itself. The swimming mistress took to herself much pride and praise. ** l'ou see what my pupils can do,' she said complacently. ' That child could not swim a stroke when she was sent to me, and I took her in hand. Indeed, she used positively to scream at sight of the water. But I believe in encouraging my pupils to have confidence, and with the help of a few scientific facts which I inculcate into them from the first lesson, I flatter myself I am very success ful.' ? 