LITERARY ftOl'Eb. Some valuable MSS., forming part of the collection made by the Earl of Ashburn ham, were sold at Sotheby's on Slay 1. For 177 lots £8,595 was obtained. "HOKE Beaiissimoe Virginis Marias/' richly illu minated, probably by a French artist, 10th centurv, brought £300. But the MS; that excited most interest was a version of Wy cliffe's Bible, 404 leaves, written about 1400 40, with inscriptions by various owners, one of which runs as follows:-"This Booke I will (God willinge) leave for an heireloome to my right lieires of Bramhall. William Davenporte, 1620." The bidding started at £500, and stopped at £1,750. A presentation copy of Thackeray's "Es mond," dated 1852, was sold at Sotheby's on April 26 for £43. At the same sale "Sketches by Boz" brought to £38; Tenny son's "CEnoe," 1857, £34; and Mfltou's "Paradise Lost," first issue, 1667, £89. An uncut copy, in fine condition, of the first edition of Sir Walter Scott's "Wa verley" (1814) was sold at Sotheby's on April 27 for £150. It was in the original grey boards. The Ashburnham copy, al most equally fine, in half-calf, brought some months ago £78. Sets of R. L. Stevenson's works pre sented by the author to his mother were cold in London on April 27, at Sotheby*i, by order of the executor. They fetched good prices. "Kidnapped," the original un published leaflet edition, comprising 27 pages, exceedingly rare, £30; "Father Da mien," 1890, the original Sydney edition, privately printed, presentation copy, with inscription, from the author to his mother, £41; "Notice of a New Form of Intermit tent Light for Lighthouses," 1S71, reprinted from the "Transactions of the Royal Scot tish Society of Arts," four copies, all in scribed "with the author's compliments," realised from £11/10/ to £12/5/each; "The Charity Bazaar," four pages quarto, £8 The admirers of the famous preacher F. W. Robertson will be glad to hear that 35 of his sermons, not yet published, have been found. They came recently iuto the hands of a Baptist minister at Brighton, and will be published in the course of a few months. Several of them are on the sub ject of the Flood. - , I "English Writers of To-day" is the name ? of a series of monographs on living writers j that Greening and Co. intend publishingl (says the "Literary World7"). The volumes will be about the length of those in the "JEnglish Men of Letters'' series. A start will lie made with "liudyaid Kipling," by G. F. Monkshood. It is probable that "Algernon Charles Swinburne" will form the second volume. I Two correspondents of "Literature"' chal lenge statements made by that journal (we j quoted them last week) about Joachim Du Bellay, the French writer, whose works were presented by the Prince of Wales to i Lord Crewe on his marriage with Peggy j Primrose. One writes:-"1 would like to aj=k why you say 'Ronsard and Du Bellay had seen too much of the world.' I am not aware that Du Bellay's life was in any way irregular before he published 'La Defense,5 in 1540, and no authority 1 can consult has been able to enlighten rue." The other correspondent objects to the statement that Bellay's birth, "which fell about the time of the battle of Pavia, was said to be : intended by Providence as a compensation to France for that disaster." "Surely," i lie writes, "Du Bellay never occupied such | a position in the world's eye as to warrant | such a suggestion. It was beyond all doubt j Ronsard to whom this unique compliment I was paid; Ronsard, 'the Prince,'" the ad- j jnirea of all Europe, from Mary in her prison to Elizabeth on her throne, in whose immortality the sceptic Montaigne believed, and for whose patronage Tasso humbly sought." An article in the "Temple" describes Rudyard Kipling's home at Rottingdean, in England. His house is the same old fashioned rooftree under which, a swart youngster fresh from India, he spent his holidays not so many years ago. "To comc back to this sleeny little Sussex village, with the sea at its feet and the rolling Downs behind, is, in Mr. Kipling's case, to return to an old love. At Rottingdean he is among the friends of his boyhood. Nearly every old villager remembers "the little Indian,' as they used to call Burne Jones's nephew, and every house in the single, straggling street possesses for him the charm of old association. At the an cient vicarage many famous men learned the rudiments of knowledge. The great Duke of Wellington was flogged there. Bnl wer-Lytton ?was 'cock' of the little school, and once fought a seven-round battle with a schoolfellow named Moreton on the vil lage green beside the horse-pond. Another scholar turned out by the Vicarage Aca demy was Cardinal Manning. Only a few weeks ago the remains of William Black were laid to rest in Rottingdean church ward. Near by lie the ashes of Burne Jones."' Marie Corelli's first book, "The Rom ance of Two Worlds," published in 18S6, was. says the "Young Woman," largely the outcome of a curious experience through which she herself passed. "The book was an instant success, but, like most other famous books, it was not published without having first been thrown aside as cot worth printing. Miss Corel! i's original idea was to offer the story as a shilling rail way volume under the title "Lifted Up," but. acting on second thoughts, she sent it to Mr. Bentley. Every one of Mr. Rentier's readers advised the rejection of the story, among them Mr. Hall Caine, whose stric tures are said to hare been peculiarly bit ter. With a feeling something akin to com passion. Mr. Bendey read it himself, and the bock was accepted. It was named by Mr. Eric Maekay, her step-brother, author himself of the "Love letters of a Vio linist," which was dedicated to Marie CoreUL In the "Autobiography and Letters of Mrs. Oliphant" (Blackwood), we are told hew Mrs. Oliphant disposed of her first noveL Some one eke did not know had mitten asking ho- to see htm on business. Bhe appointed "the day after to- morrow," .ad to-morrow went "to see if I could persuade someone to take my novel and (irc i nod price for it. I think it W&b; to Mr. George Smith I went, who was very kind and gracious, as was his wont, but iroidd have nothing to say to me. I fancy X went somewhere else, but I had no suc cess. I recollect coming home in a kind of despair, and being met at the door when ft was opened to me by the murmur of '.tlie merry house, the cheerful voices, the oversowing home-every corner full and warm, as if it had a steady income and secure renane at Its back. I need to work mrl^e then, always till 3 in the whether I T think it wajrone afattday ao! they «a|«fa i5e and well) Hii moment, and I " irhat I should do. Next ray visitor. He came from ' He wanted a story, I , Huar'iiad tad. He wanted ike first instalments within ~ber a little talk and the oopduaion that jof the fittest among Me jMMiftt i*w»»*k£ It takee mmtH for Urm* ot *P~ I preciation to become hackneyed and insin cere-and therefore meaningless-by the i violent uBes of journalism. "Precious" died ten years ago; "winsome" had but a feeble existence, which has now fluttered away; "convincing" is moribiyd; "distinguished* and "charming" need much care. No critic who respects his style can now say that so-and-so "has arrived" or "will go far." "Literature" might have added that the hackneying is done almost entirely by "our own corresixtudents" and paragraphia^, who cannot themselves throw on new or j appropriate phrases, but are quiek to1 catch sight or terms that seem striking. Then they copy each other in the use of them till "readers are utterly weary. "De finitely decided," which stands condemned as tautology, has had an oppressively long run in Australian papers. Mr. Fraser Rae is searching for the "Real Junius" as zealously as if he were looking for the "Holy Grail." He finds that curious interest was taken by "Crito" (one of the admirers of Junius) in 1820 in a proposed new edition of the "Letters." This was a year and a half after the death of Sir Philip Francis. Notes from "Conto" to Woodfall, the publisher, dated August, 1S20. are now in the British Museum. Mr. Rae, in the "Athenteum" of May C, sums up the position in these words:-"If Macauiay had not treated the guesses of Taylor and others as authenti cated facts, and laboriously polished a fic tion till it bore the semblance of truth, the Franciscan myth would much sooner have followed that of Hugh Boyd into the land of oblivion. Had Macaulay lived to read the letters whieh Francis wrote from the War Oflice and in the 'Public Adver tiser'-had he learnt that 11. IS. Woodfall solemnly stated that he was unaware who Junius was, but he knew he was not Fran cis, and that both William Pitt and Lord Grenville had atfirmed they knew the name of Junius and that it was not Francis he would doubtless have reconsidered hie conclusions, and might have changed his opinion on the subject for the fourth time. I have shown in the 'Athenteum' that Francis was a contributor to the 'Public Advertiser" at the same time as Junius, and that Junius commented on some of his letters. In Xo. 3067 of the 'Athenaeum7 I gave extracts from letters in which Fran cis defended George III. and Lord Mans field in the 'Public Advertiser' against the envenomed charges of Junius. If Francis and Junius were one, then Francis was able to write two hands and two styles as different from each other as anything in i this world can be. In the present paper I have shown that 'Crito' had a know ledge of Junius such as no other person has yet displayed. Those who wish to identify Junius have but to ascertain who 'Crito' was. He was alive in 1820. His papers and books may be extant still." The longest Papal conclave on record met at Viterbo in 1270. It resulted in the j election of Pope Gregory X. Mr. Richard j Davey, in the "Fortnightly" for May, re-j vives the memory of a story which has often been told. "It appears that the car dinals who were in Viterbo at the time of the death of Clement IV., and who com posed the conclave, could not, for their lives, arrive at a conclusion as to who was to succeed him. After sitting for many months, they were about to pack up and return to Itome.. when St. Bonaventura persuaded the Viterbans to surround the palace so as to prevent their leaving it, a proposal which was hailed with glee dv the people, who intimated to the cardinals that they should remain shut up where they were until they had accomplished their mission. However, even this ex pedient did not hasten matters, and two years elapsed before the prelates could make an end of their session, they remain ing virtually prisoners all the time. One day the Cardinal Da Porto declared 'that the Holy Ghost would never descend urxm them so long as there was a roof over their heads,' whereupon the populace, taking the. worthy prelate at his word, unroofed the | edifice. The winter was bitterly cold, and I soon the cardinals began to feel its effects, and were nearly frozen to death. But even this severe expedient had not much effect, and at length it was decided to starve thera out. They were to be deprired of j all _ provisions, especially wine, without which no good Italian can endure life. The poor cardinals had withstood rain, enow, wind, and cold, but this last deprivation was the straw which broke the camel's back, and they «j>eedily elected Gregory X. When the famished and reverend gen tlemen-so says the legend-eventually quitted the conclave they were absolutely ravenous. The townsmen, wishing to show , them that they bore them no ill-feeling, I entertained them at a sumptuous banquet, I with the unfortunate result, however, that j four or five of them ate so voraciously that they expired on the spot." In the life of Gladstone fCassell) Sir Wemyes Beid describes "Grillions," the only dub that had attractions for Mr. Gladstone: "Grillion's Club was founded at the be ginning of the present century for the pur pose of allowing the leading members of both political parties to meet together at a board from which the bitterness of politi cal controversy is absolutely excluded. Such men as the .Earl of Derby, when Prime Minister, and Lord- John BusseU, when leader of the Opposition, were able to meet in friendly intercourse, even when they were most bitterly opposed to each other on public questions. Mr. Gladstone found at Grillion's a meeting-place where he could exchange ideas with men of emi nence the most widely separated from him in opinion. For many years he was one of its most constant frequenters. The club meets in a London hotel on certain evenings during the session. Each is chair man and vice- chairman in rotation, and it is the duty qf the chairman to make an entay In the dob minutes of the guests present, «nd vf the mae drunk; Ouoe or twice it has happened that only one mem ber has been present at dinner, and these occasions hare always been jegarded ' as notable. On April 27, 1883, Mr. -Gladstone was the solitary diner, and," according to rale, he entered his name in ther<flub-book with the official intimation that-he had been served with 'one bottle ofohwnpsgne. To this record he added the fouowing lines:- »-« ; "The mind is its own pUee, and In ltaelf - Gtn mtke . heaven of bell,«-hell, of teww. At that time he was Prime Minister. Thoae wen the days when the EgyptUn trouble, the rising in the Soudan. $nd we tjouWe with Russia in Central ABJB eneatfed i&e; [thoughts o^all." 