J! PEGKSNIFFIAN PRESS. I SERIES OF OPEN LETTERS 1 To the Patriotic Proprietors OF fflE SYDNEY DAILY NEWSPAPERS. ? KO. HL 'THE EVENING NEWS.' GEffitBiOEY, — -Like the Fairfax family the Bennett family is lucky. They are each fortunate in having for founder a man of marked ability, . energy and enterprise. Old Sam 'Bennett and old JohD Fairfax closely resembled each other in many respects. They each built np, if they did not actually establish, great newspaper enterprises, and left behind them sons and heirs who have more reason to be ; proud of their sires than said sires 'ti at to be proud of their sons. That is no disparagement of the dead, ' though it conveys no great compli -me nt to the living. It is merely a matter of fact statement intended to .point a moral and adorn a tale. ? ? ? ? . Vv \ In inditing this-- letter to . my. pld and: raspeoted . employers, 'the Pro prietors of the ' Evening Hews ' and ''Town and. Country- Journal ' — the good old 'Noose,' and the good old Down and Gumtree Jernil ' — Pve no intention of being too familiar, as I know that would be resented, at least, by Mister Christopher, the Admirable Grichton of tbe family. By-ths-way, -what A toney toff Christopher has tnrned out. Pots of money, plenty of frill, and a pretentious sort of public philanthropy prudently restricted to thatparadise of parvenus any prisoners located somewhere between Moss Tale andBerrima Gaol. But I must be care ful how I criticise or call in question this Beau Brummel of the Bennett family, for has he not been 'Ome and 'Been ' the Queen with agolden crown,' and been actually presented to her by . 'Enniker 'Eaton ? Of course he has. Therefore, I must and will be carefuL The pains and penalties for disloyalty, ; sedition, treason, aqd Uscfmajesti in this loyal land of snobs, and cads, and . lickspittles, are too numerous and dire to permit of paltering with . Boyalty and Loyalty, of which Brother , Christopher is one of Her Most .Gracious Majesty's recognised repre sentatives. Ahem ! ? ? ? Brother Alfred, though no longer connected with thb aotive manage .xnent of your two papers, was the '?'Boss' in my time; and for fully fifteen years after your father's death, had nil but absolute control. After Old Sam Bennett, he did more than anybody else to make your establish ment what it was when I was there — the largest, most complete, best ssqnippsd-and most modern newspaper . office this Bide the line. In this he was largely assisted by Brother Frank, the engineer, That, was the state and status of the ' Evening Hews ' and ** Town and Country Journal ' Offices when I left. How a man who could administer suoh an enterprise, and mainly contribute to its achievement, .must have ability of no mean order. He could not have been altogether the dunderheaded duffer which some of .his discarded parasites and disap pointed. rivals would have had us believe. Shakespeare says there's good in everything. So do I ; because there's good in me; and What's more, .1 found good in Alfred Bennett. Theie's good in all man—in the worst of men, even as there's : nutriment, in the most noisome substances. s ? Why, Yooiogisfs pay the highest etdoginms to the sanitary services rendered by jackals. I used to find good in that Irish-SpaniBh-Jew with the 'Dublin.. Frincli accent, from Cork, who, like. JNoah's raven, is, I see, baok once jmord on the 'Hews,'' his old ark of oefuge. A good many were violently (prejudiced against that hawk-faoed, parrot-tongued, high-falntin, Maohia. \ielli-mugged man. I was not. I found lefrn emartj tliough Bgmewhat sly ; a' good 'journalist, and a great gour mand of. viotnals-both solid .fund liquid. And - I'm ' bound to say fur ther, that I believe that there may be yet discovered in him more good than I found, provided it be searched for with a couple of Sam Weller's ' patent double million magnifyin' gas micro scopes o£ hextra ppwer.' There must have been something good in Alfred Bennett to have suffered him and John Norton on the 'Hews ' staff at one and the same time. Speaking for myself, I admit that, though I did much good work, I sometimes gave my chief, ' Jim ' Hogue (now the '' Honorable ' James and a Cabinet Minister) a lot of trouble, especially when I attended banquets. And thereby hangs a tale worth telling. Like all members of the ' Hews ' staff in those days, I avas great at free-feed functions. Banquets were my speciality. At one time I 'did' all the banquets, and ' did ' them well, writing them up in a style which ' took well and gave pleasure to all ' — especially to those caterers who were eip&rts; in the packing of repor torial post-prandial hampers. At a certain Parramatta banquet I aistin guishodmyself. ' Champagne Charlio' Carrington ' had not long come out from 'Ome, and was being loyally lick spittled by the patriotic people of Parramatta at a gorgeous gnzzle gorge. I was there ; but before going there I had been elsewhere. In fact, I had been nearly everywhere about Parramatta under the ciceronage of the Irish-Freneh- Spanish cavalier from Cork aforesaid. I was drinking and be wah drinking. He couid drink; I couldn't. To see him drink was a revelation and a delight. To watch him putting away pegs of whisky was a sight to make Bacchus blush. What quantities lie could take in- and carry away, both inside -himself ' and in his little black - 'bag; -'ife:— cduiti Brink: whenever called upon to do so, all day and' all night, and all the year round, without turning color or changing a hair, except, perhaps, just the suspi cion of a booze blush suffusing the chubs of his cheeks and the tip of his Semitic-shaped snout. On this day— as he generally did whenever invited —he drank me blind at my own ex pense. Then I went to the* banquet. The wine was excellent, the speeches eloquent, the enthusiasm great, es pecially after 1 rose to respond to the fag-end toast of 'The Press,' and told the Governor and his lickspittle entourage of loyal toadies and tuft hunters , that if he behaved himself and deferred to Demos he could stop among us and we would condescend to tolerate him; if not he-could pack up and clear out, as Demos would not house him or buy other hireling Imperial emissary who even dared to thwart its will As I proceeded, the enthusiasm increased in inverse ratio to the pertinence and vigor of my remarks. The Chairman called npon me, for the love of . Gpd, to stop ; Carrington, seeing me in the same disgraceful State in which he had often disgraced himself in company with his ohua, ' Tummy,' Prince of Wales, laughed himself nearly into a fit, and good-humoredly motioned to me to draw it mild or bottle-up. But the cork of my eloquence was drawn and I was determined that the com pany shonld drain it to tho laBt drop. To the horror of my brother pressmen, especially of DeHiau, of the ' Sydney Morning Herald, I went on de nouncing Kings and Qneens, Monar chies and Aristocracies, and proclaim ing Australia as the future home of an Independent People. Soon after this tbe hand-. Lagan .to play t&od; Save the Queen ;' and the sdance ended. When I aroused 'from the trance into which I had been, thrown by my own eloquence, I, found mys&lf; at the Bail way Station, on the platform of the vice-regal carriage, gracefully bowing my acknowledgment of the loud and loyal cheers ef a large crowd who had assembled to see us off. With that gubernatorial presumption, for which he was rather remarkable, Carrington was vainly endeavoring to appropriate these parting cheers all to himself by making profound acknowledgements from the platform at the other end of the carriage. I -was so disgusted that I went to sleep. When I got home it was very lato and quite dark. ? ? ? The 'News' which of late has reco vered its pristine prestige, under the editorial conduct of the cultured Dekker, has had au evil reputation for making its editorial and reportorial 'staffs a refuge for all the journalistic duffers and -literary scabs of the con tinent. With large resources, a big circulation, and an enormous income, it resorted to a cheap 'and nasty system of journalism of which the ' boy reporter ' or ' apprentice .litterateur' was tho chief feature. -It became a most disgraceful system of literary sweating,- quite contrary to the charac ter and conduct of Old Sam Bennett. At the time of bis death, and for some considerable time after, the staff of the ' Evening Hows ' was probably the ablest of any newspaper in Aus tralia, not excepting the ' Argus ' or the ' Age.' At one time or another it included some of the .very best and most brilliant all- round journalists in Australia. Passing over Mr. Hogue, the present Minister of Education, the 'Evening Hews' has had on its staff at different times, Archibald, editor of ' The Bulletin Argells (' Tho Pil grim')'; John Haynes, M.P. ; Peters of the ' Daily Telegraph ' ; G. B. Stronach, sub-editor of the ' Hews,' then editor of the ' Town and Coun try' and now editor of the leading Westralian paper ; James Elliott (just deceased), sub-editor of the ' News ' and sub-editor of tho ' Herald ' for over tea years ; W. H. L. Bailey, the founder and first editor of the ' Sun day Times '; J. M. Perrier (' Pikkax') sub-editor of the ' Hews ' and editor of the ' Town and Couu try ' ; J. IV. Withers and a num ber of other able journalists together with dramatic critics and sporting writers of the first rank. Then there came a change, ( of which the chief feature was the employment of boy reporters, many of whom were specially designed by God for avoca tions iu which muscular development requisite to wielding a pick-axe is of more value than the modicum of brains necessary to the use of the journalistic pen. The ' scab ' striplings dis placed trained journalists of large ex perience and approved ability. They constituted a lot of literary larrikins, whose lamentably ludicrous lucubra tions made a laughing-stock of the ' Hows V for many a long day ; and did more to disgrace their employers and degiade journalism than anything ulst-I caAxceall.' - ; - - ^ - / * * M- The einployment of these illiterate juvenile journalistic scalawags Was the cause of much amusement, not only to their editor and displaced seniors, but also to the general public. Their blunders and bulls became a by-word and standing joke in the city and suburbs. One would attempt ,a humorous report of a meeting of the Dorcas Society, at which certain ladies of the committee had 'taken the needle,' and protested against the attempt of one of their number (the wife of a prominent politician) to 'protrude the corporation' of her husband upon them in the capacity of patron or president. Another would aver that there was not a 'skintiller ' of truth in a certain' statement; another (or, perhaps, it was the same) would go into ecstacies about the beauties of the Post-office 'fakade'; and another would discourse on ' the delightful delivery of the ' Starboard Mater' at St. Patrick's last. Sunday,' or the glories of the ' pellucid horizon and the limpid rooks ' at a Chowder picnic. ? * ? This was the sort of journalistic stuff served np to the public as the result of boy-journalism. Grammar, aconracy, grace and style were at a discount. The ' Hews' at one time became known as the ' Sausage Wrap' and the ' Evening Liar.' All that is past and gone now; but there is still a remnant of the wretohed system remaining, the low wages paid, and the- long hoars worked by tbe 'Hews' sab-editorial and reportorial staff. The ' Hews,' like other « dailies' in Sydney, is forever prat ing about the Rights of Man and tbe dignity of Labor; yet it sweats its literary staff id a damnably disgraceful fashion, in which respect it is as had as, if not worse than, the ' Star.' In my opinion the wealthy proprietors of the daily papers of Sydney are the worst sweaters of labor in Australia, and yon, the Bennett Brothers, are pre-eminent among them. Yon, who live in palatial residences, keep np big establishments, numerous ser vants, drive in your carriages with liveried coachmen and footmen, hob nob with 'naice' nasty people at Govt. 'Onse, go occasionally to Enrope, and to Court and 'cut a dash,' ought to be ashamed to pay the paltry pittance you do pay to the literary staffs of your two papers. It is by the brains and energy of these men that yon live and thrive, and roll' - in riches, and wax fat apd cynical- in luxury. These men are coining money for you. . Without them you could not live. ' Yon could neither edit your papers nor fill them with news. Then why don't yon properly, pay those who do it for you ? I hope you won't think me obtru sive or offensive : I have ' no grange against the.' Hews ' or its proprietors. I was always well paid and perhaps better treated than I deserved. Bit then I was a peculiar person and could take my own pan. As a rule, how ever, the literary staff of the 'Hews,' whenever it was worth well-paying, has been badly paid ; it is badly paid now ; and 1 repeat it's a . damned shame and disgrace that the literary staff of a newspaper, the proprietors of whifeii are so very prone to preach at other people about the rights and wrongs of labor, should be, as you are, among the worst sweaters of labor, and brain labor at that. . To think that Australian workers, in addition to supporting the three Bennett Brothers in princely luxury, should be sweated to maintain such a vulgar, bumptious, pavveuu political postage piddler, like 'itnniker 'Eaton .' This fellow is a social and political fraud as I told the British Public from the platform of St. James' Hall, Lon don, some years ago. What au ignorant, impud - nt humbug lie is 1 He poses in England, and the ' Hews ' puffs him in Australia as a brainy Imperial statesman. Blatant ass ! j Htnmker Hoaton (as be calls him self), can claim credit for two things: booming' the 'Town and j Country Journal' in bis piopcr capacity as canvasser or 'bummer,' and marrying old Sam Bennett's only daughter — the lucky dog ! Aftor being scoffed aud sneered at in Sydney for his impudence and ignorance ,- kicked off stations and hunted off selections in his capacity as canvasser ; and then slogged shrieking -to shelter behind a barmaid's skirts by Walter Cooper's avenging whip, he marries old Sam Bennett's daughter, aud thus comes into the enjoyment of £20,000 a year, and then scoots off to Europe to pose as a pastoralist of wealth, a man of birth and breeding, and the accredited exponent of Australian^ public opinion, ? patriotism, loyalty, and statesmanship Surely, jt's belts;' ' to bi born lucky than' brainy. ' y ; '?» « * ^ Still a certain amount of credit is due to this combination of Australian bounder and political pretender for bis pertinacity. By means of Old Sam Bennett's dollars aud the help of his literary ghost, Charley Lett, he wormed himself iuto the Carlton Club and. thence iuto the House of Com mons, where ho is known and des pised as tho most presumptuous upstart and awful bore in that august as sembly. Fancy the transition for such a man! From country canvasser in Australia to Member ior Canter bury, the Arohiepiseopal See and crack cavalry depot of England ! Talk about luck ! This 'Enniker 'Eaton is tho incarnation of Antipodean luck ; a living exemplification of the falsity of the proverb that Providence docs not' cast pearls before pigs, or that silk purses are not made out of sows' ears. Aud it is, in part, -to support such a social parvenu and political pretender, that tho literary slaves of the ' Evening Hews ' and 'Town and Country Journal ' have to exhaust and sweat a way their brains for what is practically, to them, a pauper pittance. Yet they are taxed to enable the two papers they are sweated to produce to bo conveyed free through the State j^ost. I should certainly like to know why partisan news papers, run on commercial lines and I managed in accordance with ' strict ! business principles' should be -con-' veyed free through the post any mere than tho boots and shoes, or shirts and skirts of, any other ' sweating' establishments. i *_ * ? Besides, what right have the wealthy proprietors . of newspapers to any State aid or subsidy at all ? Is, tit because they are patterns of political patriotism, social purity, and commercial morality ? Hot at all. They are the partisan sheets of political frauds and commercial swindlers, and the slavish supporters of almost any Ministry that will continue to subsidise them with State funds in the shape of ' - fat ' advertise ments and free postage. Then, too, they are the assignation sheets of the bludger and tho prostitute, of the abortionist, tho quack, the masseuse, and the professional nurse. The 'Evening News' makes a mint of money in allowing itself to be made tho go-between or medium of com munication between male and female prostitutes and libidinous lechers; of quack doctors and their victims; of outrageous * and undisguised abor tionists and filthy masseuses. Look at its advertising columns to-day, Satur day, Februaiy' 25tb, 1899; they, are indecent and disgusting, and contain scores of direct and deliberate incite ments to vice and crime, and offers of criminal- concealment.Yet its proprietors claim to preach at the community which they thus assist in debauching for profit ! -Pah ! Tho filthy ' Evening News ' with its columns daily prostituted in this way is not fit to lie upon, the same table with Truth. Yet. those who deny their wives and daughters even a glimpse at Truth, delight in seeing them gloating over. 'the smellful columns of the '' Evening News, ' the great organ of prostitutes, married or unmarried, aud whose motto ought to be ' Preven tion is better than Cure.' There's a certain sort of salacious sense in this, because if the brat don't live it can't squeal ! But let's see how the en forcement of this wisdom of the whore looks in tho columns of the ' Evening News ' and then consider what de lightfully moral lessons can be gleaned therefrom by the wives and daughters of those men who denounce and deny Truth to them. ? ? ? '? Here are a few samples of the sort of newspaper advertisement literature which men who revile Truth permit to bo daily placed in the hands of their presumably chaste spouses and virtuous daughters : — Ladies ! — Don't Worry. Cure Guaranteed ! Fees Strictly Reasonable. Dr. Dick, 111) .Elizabeth-street, Sydney. , Nurse Pender's Registered Lying-in Hos pital during Accouchwent, 142 Glenmore road, Haddington. 'Bus passes door ; out door cases attended. Mrs. Hodgson, Professional Midwife, Trained ,St. Mary's Lying-in Hospital, Manchester, Select Home During Accouch ment. Consult for ill-health. A Thorough Ladies' Doctor. ' Glenairlie,' Queen-street off King-street Newtown. ' Woman's Salvation,'— The Wife's Welfare within her own Control. Book Free, Will teach vou more than all tbe years you've lived. Write Prof. Hermann, 41 E. Collins Place Melbourne. Lost Manhood, Boyish Folly, &c.; Par ticulars Free. How I suffered for years, tried all Remedies and Specialists. \When all failed how I accidentally found a cure. Harold S. Bell, G.P.O., Melb. Ladies. — Consult Mi's. Dr. Berdan. Quiet home ; low terms, cure guaranteed. 2nd 22' Newtown- road, above Clevelaud-stroet. : Teams and 'bus pass the door. ?J Lost. Manhood, -Boyish folly, Nervous Mobility, ''etc. Self Home Cure Without. 'Medicine by Absorption. Book Free. ill*. De Leou, Flinders-st., Mclb. French Specialties, ordinary, 3s dozen ; reliable, Ss ; superfine, 7s (id ; samples Is 3d. Post free. M. Leon, Cast-lereagli-st. Ladies, Consult Nurse Silburne. CarefuL Treatment, quiet home ; terms moderate. Stamped Envelope. Box 1171), G. P. Office. Ladies. — Write for Free Particulars how to Restore Regularity Easily at Home your selves without medicine. Mr. De Leon, Flinders-street, Melbourne. Ladies. — My New Female Pills Restore Regularity Instantly, no matter what has failed. Posted, 5s. fid. Prof. W. W. Garfield, Collins-street, Melbourne. Gents.' Latest American, simple, effectual, last for years, 2s. fid. ; posted (stamps 2s. lOd). W. W. Garfield, Collins-street, Mel bourne. Ladies. — Dr. Boxwell's Femalo Pills (registered) Restore Regularity, any cause, 5s 6d per box. Obtainable all Chemists ; or 539 Elizabeth-st, Melbourne. Ladies. — Before spending your money on drugs , etc, send 4 penny stamps for panqfiilet to T. Saunders and eo, 312 Fhnders-st, Mel bourne. The Naked Truth, Private Book for Men about themselves, etc, 100 pages, posted fid, N.S.W. stamps. Pro. Webster. Specialist, 4 Exhibition-st, Melbourne. Remedies which may save your life, post free, Is fid. W. F. Gaunt, 703, George-st, Sydney. Ladies. — Mrs. Wilkinson, Herbalist, all complaints ; regularity restored, or money returned. 26 Regent-st., George-st. West. Ladies. — Call Mrs. Heaven, 22 Pynnont Bridge-rd., Campordown; Annan dale 'bus passes door. Registered Lying-in Home. Nice stuff this for publication iu a ' patriotic organ of public opinion ' like the ' Evening News.' And be cause Truth exposes and denounces the crimes, outrages, and swindles, which these prostitute-abortion ad vertisements promote, it is denounced as a ' disgraceful unclean rag ' by the dirty male prostitutes whose lust and lechery these ' Evening News ' advertisements facilitate and serve. Truth is nevertheless, read and re spected more and more by men and women who would not wilfully permit their sons' or daughters' minds to be polluted by a perusal of the quack prostitute publications quoted above. What a paradoxical-puritanical lot of prurient-minded profligate pragma tists these censors of Truth are, to be sure. I am content to leave them and their wives and daughters looking for 'Woman's Salvation,' 'Lost Manhood ' and ' The Naked Trath,' in the pure and patriotic columns of the ' Evening News.' ? ? a Meanwhile, Messrs. Bennett (Frank and Christopher), I challenge a com parison between the columns of Truth and the ' Evening News,' and leave -it to the public to say which of the two is the greater menace to the sanctify of all those sacred ties and institutions which Christianity and Civilisation have taught as to cherish and revere, And remain, , Pending the resnlt of this comparison, Your faithful servant, JOHN NORTON. ; Sydugy^Feb, ^.5th- J.899. 