TWfi STÖEYTELLEE. FAITHFUL JOH3SV -Tlie snow layvery Seep that year at Clintoii Beeches, and old Schoolmaster Rufford -was more'feeble thou usuals and, what with Maria's sewing being interrupted, ana anew milliner and dress maker having edt tip at Beech Tillage, times were very hara. ?".Youniust gét ine some more wood, Billy," she Baid to her little brother. ".The fire nearly -went out this morning when, you were at sdhooL. and the snöw was too deep ïor nie to get out to the woodpile." .*lWood-pile's all gone" Bala Billy, biting a Beinicircuhu- piece out of his bread and treacle - " been gone for a week." ""Gracious mhi" cried poor Maria. " And where has all the wood come from that we've been bumîngp" "3've been rippin'the thorns off the Ghost Ho^se fence," observed Billy. "I saw the other fellows doing it, so why shouldn't IP And I've chopped up aU the wood-in the stable." "But, Billy, that is stealing^ said Maria. " No, it ain't," announced Billy, with the air of one who felt himself an authority on the subject. "The old fellow that bought the Ghost House has sold the property to the; railway com- pany, and they*re going to lay a line of roils right through the back garden. The old house would have been pulled to pieces long ago if folks hadn't been afraid of the ghost, and I may as well hare a pull'at it as anyone else." "I flonît want any more of this pira- tical business," said Maria, gravely. " I am quite sure that John Gregory will lend us wood until I am able to order a fresh load, if you go down and ask him." " Here he comes now," said Billy, who had been flattening his nose against the window-glass. "I think you'd better borrow it'yonrselfc" j Maria Rufford ran to pin a new pink ribbon bow-or rather a pink ribbon bow which had been newly washed and ironed-at her throat, and to see if her glossy brown hair was smooth. For Maria was yoting and pretty, and John Gregory was highly appreciative of the same. John drove up to the gate in front, now nearly barricaded T>y a monster drift of snow, and carefully" tied his horse to a ring fastened into the trunk of the old elm tree. Aud then he came into the house stamping the snow off bis feet. " Gomin' this way," said he, " thought I'd atop and inquire how the old school- master is." " Pa's pretty feeble," sighed Maria. "He'll soon mend again once the spring sets in," said John encouragingly. " Anything lean do for you, Maria, down in the village P" " "I need some more wood," said Matía wistfully. " But I can't pay for it before pa'B annuity comes in." " Oh, get out!" said John. "Pay for it, indeed! When our woodland is sufferin'-yes, actually sufferin'-to be thinned out. Fll send you down a load, Maiia, when-" "I am not a beggar," said Maria . Rufford with some pride. "Well, if you find a load of good faggots left at your door one of these days, you'll know what it means," said he. " Don't you want to rióle down the «road a piece, Maria. I'm going to the Ghost House.') . -~ "To the Ghost House J" «aid Maria Rufford. "What for?" "After a big mahogany chair that was left there," said John. "Old Daw ton is a curiosity collector, and he's bought it for a sovereign. He's got me to take it to the station. He's goin' to send it down to a place in London where they expect to sell it for much inore. I'm told folks are going clean crazy about such old things." "Hallo!" cried Billy, jumping down from the window seat. " " We burned up that chair, Maria, the day you wanted the oven hot last week." He turned a somersault out of the room, and poor Maria, with downcast eyes and burning cheeks, was forced to explain the whole thing to John Gregory, "Well, if this isn't a fix," said that ia dividual, with a long, low whistle, " How am I to fetch the big chair down to the railway station if there's nonotofetch P" " Oh, John, John, what shall we do ?" groaned poor Maria. " Do you suppose one of Grandmother Ruff ord's old chairs would do as well? There's half a dozen of them that have stood there ever since I was a child. They're dreadfully old fashioned. ' "Let's go and have a look at 'em,' said John. And the result of the inspection wai that . one of Grandmother Rufford'* high- shouldered old chairs was cavefullj brought downstairs and lifted inti John's cart. John Gregory came up again within s week OT two. " Well, Maria," said he, " I've got s customer for another o' them old chairs There's a lady in London has seen thal one and offered five pounds for it; bul it was bespoke. So when old Dawtot told me of it, says I,"*-lMcnow where j \- can get another of the same pattern, o: a8 near like it as can be.' Says he 'Send it to my shop, then.' And ii you're wÜIin' to sell it on those termi "Trilling î" echoed Maria. " "Why, John, it's film ßWiudliug. people. ' ï>o~ iib you tuiiik it would-IIB right P" Au article's álwaye worth the money it'll ïéfcclï/' nodded John Gregory. " Zea, & course ifà right." The ¿ld Rufford chaira were brought out o£ their dim receptacle in the garret and sold, one by one, to eager dilettanti. -*-a battered old wardrobe was "fixed up" by John Gregory, and a spindle legged table followed close and hard upon it, until Maria's wood-pUe and flom< barrél were replenished, a now carpet ?was bougtit for Grandfather ituffovd's roon), and the rent and the grocer's bills ^ were triupbantly paid. .fit's as if we'd found a Jag of gold,'" said Maria, with- 'tears in 'bei' eyes. And it's all your doings, Sohn." ".If you're really so .grateful tome-«" "Well?" ".There's a way you might show it,'" j "I.can't tíiink what yon mean» John." | " WelJ, iV\ Tidt for lack of explaining it," sighed t\¡e faithful John. *"Iwant you to marry me, Maria. Isn't that plain -enough?" "Oh, John. When jim know I can't leavepa!" " Weil, then, let me come here io live," reasoned honest John Gregory. " I've no wist to part you from your father." ." But yom-farm Johnf .".I can let it, fast enongb," said ie "Well- John - if pa is willing-" John rose, quietly, but resolutely- he grasped the vegetable pan and lifted it ' carefully off the lire. "John, cried Malia, "what are you going to do P" " .To kiss you, Maria."" "But, John, the potatoes aren't done!" Let the potatoes wait," said John, " IVe waited long enough !" That afternoon, when Billy went down to the Tillage to play marbles with his school fellows, be chuckled gleefully, "Fre seen John Gregory kissing our Maria, through the kitchen window !" said he. " I shouldn't wonder they're engaged. Aren't men silly, though. P I'd like to see the girl Td kiss!" 