Bailwty Collision. ON THE WEST WALLSEND COAL COMPANY'S LINE, PERILOUS PLIGHT OF PASSEN GERS. SENSATIONAL EXPERIENCES. NEWCASTLE, Saturday.— A serious accident occurred on the West Wallsend Coal Company's line on Wednesday night. It appears that a train of about thirty coal-laden trucks and a car riage with six passengers left the township; but when near the Sydney line at Cockle Creek it was found there were only twelve trucks with the en gine tind passenger carriage. The driver's first intimation of the affair was on looking round to see the twenty-two uncoupled trucks coming down the incline with great force. He then called out to the passengers, 'For God's sake, jump!' This they did with alacrity, and landed into a swamp knee-deep. Scarcely had they sprung from the carriage than the collision took place. The frames of several trucks were hurled in the air, and two trucks were broken beyond repair. The damage ie es timated at from £500 to £600. Three of the pas sengers were ladies. Two of them are school teachers, and one of them gives an interesting ac count of the accident, as follows: 'We were ordered to jump, and I, as usual, wanting to know why and where I was going to land, was the last to obey. It was very dark, and when I jumped down, the i-ough embankment, I found myself with my com panions knee deep in a swamp. A gentleman, thinking he was too close to the train — for we were only a few yards from it — went further afield, and was buried in reeds and water almost to his head. We did not see the humorous side of the situation at the time, but I have since had a laugh. A.fter the collision, the man who had found deep water, tremulously asked permission to come ashore, and he afterwards stood by a fire to dry. A few seconds before the collision we were in a condition of terrible suspense. The screams of one of my companions saved both our lives; for my effort to save her from drowning prevented my losing consciousness. We all expected to be tolled, and we certainly should have been had the weight of the debris fallen into the water in which we were standing, and not upon the oppo site side of the line. Wet, cold, weak, and look ing like ghosts, we had to wait at Cockle Creek till twenty minutes past 9 for a train to New castle. Mr.. Kitching, the district railway sup erintendent, will open up an inquiry into the col lision on Monday. Mr. Foy's youngster Ireland's Eye will be turned out at Windsor for a spell. The flagship Royal Arthur and H.M.S. Karra katta left Adelaide for Melbourne this morning. The Victorian Mines Department yesterday sent out four prospecting parties, properly equipped, each under charge of an experienced miner. Some remarkable grain yields are reported in New Zealand. The yields of wheat, oats, and barley were considerably over the estimate. At the Newcastle Police Court yesterday Joseph Brilley, 52, a dealer, was committed for trial on a charge of maliciously setting fire to a Kapok bed. Nearly half the members of the Yass Volunteer Corps have signified their intention of volunteer ing for the Transvaal should their services be required. An elderley man named John Woods was run over- by a light engine at Newcastle Station on Thursday night. He states that he resides at North Sydney. The Tasmanian Parliament has adjourned for a fortnight to give the Premier and other mem bers an opportunity of addressing meetif gs prior to the federal referendum on the 27th instant. Owing to the non-payment of rates due from j the Proprietary Mine, the Broken Hill Council j has been compelled to reduce the amount on the i estimates for expenditure on public works by I £3000. On Wednesday last the Broken Hill Proprie tary Company was given three weeks notice by the local councils that if the rates due are not paid within that period, the Mayor's warrant will be issued. The inquest on the Richmond (Melbourne) tra gedy yesterday resulted in a verdict of wilful murder against the unfortunate mother, Mrs. Jockimsen, whose demeanor clearly showed that she did not realise what she had done. While Alex. Erickson, carpenter 'on the ship Cimbra, was looking down the hold at Rockhamp ton (Q.), yesterday, while tallow was being loaded, a cask swung back and crushed his head fearful ly against the combing. He was removed to the hospital in a precarious . condition. The practical examinations held by the Sydney College of Music at Paling's Buildings resulted: — Higher certificate: Pianoforte pass — Ivy L. Green, Amelia Gentle. Initiatory grade: Pianoforte honors — Edith Schofield, Alfred Acheson. Piano forte pass: Charlotte Keith, Evelyn M'Williams, Sarah Renouf, Iva Morris, Elsie Barnard. The examiners were Messrs. Laurance Phillip, J. A. Delany, Hector Hi Maclean, A-Mus., Alexander Rea, and Gordon Lavers. It is stated on good authority that Captain An gus, of the P. and O^ Company, who has been mak ing a* minute examination of Fremantle (W.A.) Harbor and approaches, particularly during the recent storms, is agreeable to recommend the mail boats coming to.Fremantie, providing theGo vernment will undertake -certain works. Included in these are anptber light at Rottnest Island, two lights on Che Mils at the back of Fremantle, and lio% lights marking the channel between Rottnest Island and the. harbor. TattersaU's blub has drafted the following pro gramme, to be disposed of at Rand wick on August 12, entriefetor which will close at A. p.m.. on Jjily. 31: Tramway. Handicap, o£ &t; 10s each, -with. 70 so vs added, second horse lb sovs, .6 ' furlongs; August Handicap, handicap, of ;£ 1 5s each, with 60 soys added, second horse 10 spvs, for horses, which have not won a, prize -exceeding 50 sovs, 1 furlongs; Hampden Stakes, of 2 sovs each, with 100 sovb added, second horse ; 20 1 soys, jweightfor) ag-e, penalties and. allowances, 1 mile- 1 furlong; Welter- Handicap, of SE3L 10s -each, Srith 'TO sovs added,' second horse 10 sovs, 1 mile; and Spring Handicap, ip.f 2 soys each, /with 100 sovs added,1 second horse 25 soys, and third horse 10 sgvs,'1&- mile.. - ?_.-.;.- ? ' ? . -. ? -V- .???..-':... ?,-..'? 