MY SILVER JUBILEE. (Copyright.) BY LAST GILBERT. Author of " Banshee CaBtle," " Hetty Grey,"' "Four Little Mischiefs," "Uiannetta," &c;,. &c.; I was not nt that time partner In the big (Btablishment of Silver, Smith, and Co., but, having made my character as a careful CDBtodian of their valuables, I flattered myself that the clevorest swindler in London would have to give it up if he were to try to plar tricks on me. It was about noon on R bright day in the height of the season, when a clergyman of particularly gentlemanly bearing and elegant dross caine fiofLly Into our shop, and closeil our swing door with a lightness nf touch significant rather of re- finement than of levity, I thought, as he approachcd the counter, that I had never seen a more digniMed member of the Church establishment. He had the type of face that suggests the cultured leiBureof the cathedral close. So typical was he, that I fell almost sure I bad met him before, and swiftly ran over in my mind the few occasions on which 1 had hovered round circles which would naturally be graced by such a presence. His black clothing was as soft as silk, his hands were spotless, the hat he wore was perfect in its expression of a modesty which refrained from making claim for the entire reverence due to the wider brim of an archbishop, " I wieli," he Raid, with a slight wave of the hand towards (he glittering glass cases behind me, " to see Home handsome articles of silver for the UBO of the table, la fact, I am in search of a wedding present for my daughter. She has already been overwhelmed with personal ornaments, and one liardiy knows what to select." He put up liis gold rimmed eye-glass, an eye-glass BO clerical tliut it seemed as though it had never been used before for any purpose butreading the Bible, and stared mildly up and down the shelves on which jugs, ' tea-urns, candelabra, and all such paraphernalia in the most costly workmanship, ' ! were displayed. I promptly unlocked the 1 doors and drew forth the treasures, and ranged them on the counter in front of him. It was soon evident that he possessed an exquisite taste, for all the articles of more heavy and florid design were waved aside by him with a shudder of disapproval, while he : hovered over the more delicatelr-constructod vesselB with a deprecatory smile of satisfaction, which seemed to say that, in as far as bis ascetic catling would permit, he was pleased with throe trifles, which were so manifestly nf the frivolities and vanities of this lower world. As he discoursed about the merits and de • merits of the various articlrp, in low, persuasive tones that suggested the pulpit, a carved and cushioned pulpit dominating a j silken-rustling audience, I found myself | gradually coming under the spell of a singular fascination. Never had I met with a j customer so intimately acquainted with, and I so curiously well-informed on the subjects ; connected with that part of my business ; which was after my own heart, I had always had a taste for tlio more imaginative | | side of the metal-working art, and had even , made some designs myself which had been thought to be rather successful. When my clerica! customer murmured the name of ; Benvenuto Cellini almost as of one he had | known and loved, my blood was stirred, and | I gave myself up to the enjoyment of one of i the most delightful conversations I had ever j engaged in. Having paid a hurried visit to Italy myself, it was yet new to me to hear { minute and technical descriptions of the j antique treasures to be fonnd in,for instance, the Florentine muBeumB or thB Vatican. From these ho flitted lightly to the possession of art of this kind contained inEngland, j even in unsuspected quarters, as far as the general public iB concerned. I myself have in my hands (ss a sacred deposit of trust, of course)," he said, " some of the most exquisite specimens of Church veBBels. PopiBh relics, no doubt, but btill estimable from an historic point of now, as well as intrinsically valuable in an extraordinary degree—a chalice, candlesticks uBed on the private altar «f the great Thomas a'Beckett. If you should be travelling at any time in my part of the countiy I should be most happy to show you these curiosities." Some words he let fall later on led me to the conclusion that he was Archdeacon somebody and my curioBityas to his identity WM considerably aroused. However, up to thiB point he gave me no information about himself, having all the time the manner of a man who was everywhere known, and who expected to be everywhere recognised. I ooncealed the fact that I did not recognise him, and hong on his voids with the open admiration to which he was evidently accustomed, though he aoeepted it with an air of modest deprecation. *' Bnt this will not help ma through my business in London," he said suddenly, pulling himself up. " I am in town only for the day, and have many things to do. It has been quite a temptation to talk to a man who is acquainted with these matters of rare and ancient art. I mow really make my Beleo-' Hon, however, and tear myself away—" Then oarne the business of choloe, in whloh I avi. bound toaay, he shewed himself a muter. He mads a collection of the most dainty and elegant, ss well ss the most costly articles in our establishment. " Ten will aay I am extravagant^" he said, with a smile. " Providence has endowed me with almost too large a share of wealth—not altogether as revenue from the Ohuroh,but a good deal as patrimony. In seIf- defenoe,I may add that I do not always squander it in this very worldly and vain-glorious manner. But when one has an only daughter and she is leaving one, also nuking an alliance with a noble house, well, one feels' that one must net make her. ashamed of her father." , My memory involuntarily made an effort to assure me whether or not I had seen the announcement of the approaching marriage of snobleman with the daughter of an Archdeacon, but I was unable to give attention to the subject, and merely reflected that very few brides hare ever received a prettier gift of silver from a generous father, than the lady for whom this glittering collection had been made. " Mow," he said, when all was done, " I have.some other placeB to go, and I shall call baokin an hour for my purchases. I shall pay cash at ones, and I shall ask you to have the change of a bank-note for £500; the articles come to £250,1 think you said. Quite right, yes, I shall bring the note from the bank—Bank of England. It will be more satisfactory than a cheque." 1 murmured professions of my unlimited confidence in this delightful representative if I may say it, of both God and Mammon. However difficult it may be to serve two Musters, hers was one who bad learnt how to doit. Bat thought. could be no more than fleeting and fragmentary in company so absorbing and so fascinating. As ray customer left the shop I again admired the elegance of his figure, the dignity of his bearing, the Severe perfection of his clerical habiliments. I went to work to have the silver articles »sckrd, and was ooeupied doting the whole of the prescribed hour in fitting them neatly into i very large box and enveloping them in clouds of safety-ensuring material. Punctual to time the purchaser returned. I saw him alight from a hansom and stand for u. moment making some urbane remark to the cabby, who seemed uuwontedly well pleased with his fare, and I advanced towards the door to receive him with suitable emprcssomont. 1 retired behind tho counter to count the notes and gold, amounting to £250, which I had provided as change for the note for £500, which had been duly deposited in my hand. While doing BO, prudcnce urged me strongly to ascertain that tho note was a genuine one before parting with the money of the firm, yet it was with a twinge of remorse for the disloyalty of the suspicion that I despatched a trusted messenger to my bank with a line in writing asking to be satisfied with the hnncBtv of the note. I kept my customer engaged in conversation until tho return of my envoy, who brought me the nsBurance that I had conlidently expected. ThB note was as good as any ever issued by tho Bank of England. I counted the two hundred and fifty poundB in notes and gold into his hand, and, at his request, sent a messenger for a cab to convey him and the box of silver to the railway station. He had dismissed the hansom of course, as a four-wheeler was necessary for the accommodation of tho box. We were standing in tho middle of the shop, the box was in waiting near the door, and while we talked I held the Bank of England note open in my hands. My clerical customer's parting wordB were as interesting as all the rest that had fallen from his lips, and I was really rather regretful when the sound of a cab stopping at the door announced that my intercourse with him was at an end. " I will give you my card," were his fare well words, presenting it to me, " Arch deacon Sutherland, Venerable- Bede Hall, shire, and if you should ever care to see thoBe interesting curios—tho old chalice, in particular, is worth a visit " The entrance of a policeman out short the sentence. For some moments it was not apparent to me that the advent of this person had any connection with the presence of the Archdeacon, even though I saw the big man in uniform walk up to my customer and fix upon his amiable countenance a solemn Btare, which might easily be the result of the magnetic power of the latter in compelling admiration. Not until the policeman stretched out a mighty arm and planted a rude hand familiarly on the Archdcacon's shoulder, saying, " You're the man 1 want," did I understand what the intruder meant. Then, glancing rapidly backward over the entire transaction in which this worthy clergy man had played a part, and with a re-assuring look at the bank note in my hand, I felt indignantly confident that this was a case of mistaken identity. " i've got you this time," the policeman went on, " and a nice dance you've led me. What's he been up to here '!" turning to me with the contempt of a man who is obliged to suspect everybody for ono who has been too easily taken in. " You make a mistake—an unpardonable mistake," 1 began. " This gentleman who has completed a most satisfactory purchase is Archdeacon " " Oh, I know," said the policeman quietly. " So he's been doing the clerical, has he ? Last time he wae au army colonel ; time be. fore that it was a h'American millionaire. AlUBt say the clergy line is exceedingly becomin' to him. Might as well have reached up to a Bishopric when he waB about it. The whole liBt of 'em would be hard set to find n match for him in the lookin' of the part." I glanced from thiB vulgar servant of the law to the calm countenance of the venerable accused, who seemed to disdain all attempt at self-defence, only murmured as he turned his eyes upon me and elevated his brows : " It is quite too absolutely ridiculous I The man must be intoxicated -" " This person, sir," said the policeman, " is one of the moBt notorious swindlers we've got in Europe. There iBn't a city that he hasn't grabbed in. An eel is afool to him in the way he has of blippin' through the fingers of the force." " At least he has done nothing wrong here," I remonstrated. " He has made a. handsome purchase, and paid for it on the spot." " Howdid be pay you for it ?" I held up the note which was Btill in my hand. " Hum I Bank of England. Will you allow me to look at it ? Just as I should have expected—a forgery 1" " Impossible," I declared. " I have just received the assurance of the Bank that the note is a genuine one." The policeman smiled pityingly. " I know them bank gents," he said, " SR easily taken in as yourself, sir, begging your pardon. It takes a man like me to detect the tricks of such as he. Let me take another look at the note." He took it from my hand and walked to the oloBed glass door to examine it. After a full minute he returned and placed it in my hand. " Keep it, sir, and be 'appy," ho said. " If that's not a forgery I'll go to gaol myself for the mortal remains of my life." I looked at the accused dignitary and saw that a ohange had now come over him. He glanoed oneaBily at the note, and turned green, and then white. " TIT to get him ont of thiB, for God's sake," he whispered to me, " and let mo go I am no match for him. Give me back my note, and I will, give you your change, and leave you your Bilver " " Don't be so frightened, sir," I said; " have courage, and all will be well." " Nothin' easier than to prove your inno cence before a magistrate," said the police man. " But how about Lhosc other little matters that you have been wanted for? At all events there's a cab waitin' for you at the door, and you'll have to come along. Oh, you would, would you?'* as the paor Arch deacon struggled againBt the diggrace of tho haudouffs forced upon him. " I would rather aot'quietly in a respectable establishment, but I may an well tell you that tliere'B a good many of the force waitin' outside for a whistle from me, and we can lay you by the heels, and take you that way if you prefer it." Hearing this my unfortunate customer sub sided in despair, and Buffered himself to be handcuffed and conducted to the cub. "Now, sir," said the policeman to me, "this iB a big buBinesB, and you're a lucky man to have got no farther in it. You have this box of silver put in the cab; I'm goin' to take the priBoner bofoi-e the niagis trate at once; and the silver must be produced, and you will have to accompany us to swear to your property. Oh, it's>> big box! There won't be room forall of UB. You will have to follow UB in a second cnb, uhd you must bring the Bank of England note with you. I onght te take possession of it with the rest of the things in evidence, but perhaps you would be better satisfied to keep hold of it yourself." I seized my hat, gave a few hurried in atroBtions to my subordinates, and walked out of the door just as a second cab drove up, that whioh had been sent for before the arrival of the policeman. After a few reassuring words, spoken through tha window of the first eab to iqy poor arehdeaoon, who was as pale as a ghost and looked ready to weep, and with a satisfied look at the box of silver, which was carefully stowed on the Beat by the policeman, who kept his hand upon it, I got into the second cab, giving ordeni to the driver to keep the first cab in view and to follow on it closely. My reflections, as I was driving along, were curiously mixed. I was quite at ease with regard to the property, for, not only was the Bilver in charge of the police, but I held in my possession the archdeacon's Bank of England note for £500. The £250 in the archdeacon's pocket were also in charge of the police. There could be no rink of loss to tlie firm even in caBe it should be proved that mv fascinating archdeacon was indeed an unholy fraud. But I could not accept the possibility of Buch a conclusion to thiB adventure. AB we rattled through the thoroughfares 1 put my head out of the cab window from time to time to Bee tbat we were following closely on the other cab, and for a considerable time I had it well in view. At last the leading vehicle got a good way ahead of us, and though I thought I could still see it, I began to get a little uneasy. However, after another short interval my cabman pulled up, and assured me over bis shoulder that a block of traffic had got between him and the cab he was to follow.and that he had quite loBt sight of it. Never mind," I said, and gave him the address of the magistrate's court; " that is where we have to go. If you drive fast now you will overtake them." After half-an-hour's further driviug we I arrived at the court. I jumped out of the ; cab, and gazed around me. Tllero wae no I appearance of another cab, or of my friend i tho archdeacon or of the policeman. I thought that if they bad arrived first, some-j one would have been in waiting to direct me how to proceed, so concluded that after all, ! we had made the better speed, I lingered about the door for some time, and then I; went in to make enquiries. Nothing had ; ever been heard there of the persons I was in! . „ . - . J I, * ; pursuit of, and 1 hastened to tell my story to the magistrate. On hearing the oase stated he immediately asked to see the five hundred pound note. "1 should r that your policeman was right, he said, 'and that the note IS a fraud." I " But the Bank " I "I think you had better take it to the ' „ , „, . , ; Bank, he suggested. , I followed his advice, and the Bank pronouncedthe note to be a forgery. I referred to the information sent me only an hour or i- . it_. .. ,- , so earlier as to this identical note. , , " This IB not the identical note, was tho Teply. " An exchange haB been effected." | " But it never left my hand," I protested, exsept for about a minute while the policer r man examined it." The Bank official looked grave, a clever trick," he said. " But the policeman "" " Au accomplice without doubt, ' ' It was I I never • heard of a more cunningly-devised swindle.' Years have passed since I lost sight of that receding cab in a London thoroughfare, and no uows of either Archdeacon or policeman I. has ever since -_„„ reoched „.„ . „j me. „„ The „ affair „„ - was a great difficulty in my career, but I outlived the misfortune, and can afford to speculate with good humour on the possibilities of the case. I still remember tho Arohdea=on with ,. j . _ .. . T .. , : a kind of affection, ond I never see the form of a (all, dignified ecclesiastic enter our place of business without a thrill of half- 1 expectation that here is my venerable friend returning to me the sequel of this tale, and to recount to me all he has suffered, I since I saw him, at the hands of that ingenious and villainous robber—the pretended policeman Audat these moments I am fain t« pot' out of mind the glaring fact that inquiries made throughout sliire had resulted in assuring me of the absolute non-exiBtonce of Archdeacon Sutherland, and the Venornble j u ti ».- • . -J Bede-Hall, his interesting (The End.) residence. 