fSs SOUSE BY THE S3URCHYARD. gSsn fftsras Bsam. .&SK7; sdles from London, by tho sido of itWCEufe-frequentod road, thora stood, somo years ago, a largo old house built of red brick and surrounded by a rich wilderness of a garden. The windows in front woro largo, and looked as if built for tho enjoyment of. the fine prospect which opened in all direc tions around tho slight clveation on which the houBe wui raised. Strangers who passed along tho high road during the day, and, look ing up at the lofty frouts, saw the backs of taU chairs and tho edges of cumbrous drapery dimly outlined through tho long accumulated duet upon tho panes, would hayo supposed tho house to bo inhabited. If they passed again late at night, and happened to'look up once more at the dreary mansion bathed in the weird mobnliglit, thoy would shuddoring- ly hurry on, for thcro was, as tho Scotch would have said, " a decided uncanny look about the place." One fine autumn evening two young artists, who had been rambling about for ' somo days on a sketching excursion, Btopped at the snug littlo village iim and ordered supper and rooms for the night, tho jag of foaming qlo being brought in by the landlord of tho Feathers in , person. "Pray can you tell us," said one of tbo artists, " anything about that odd-looking brick house just at the end of the village hero ?" " Don't know what house you mean, sir," said the host, at the same timo sheering off towards the door, though ho had previously manifested an inclination to remain. " I mean that tall old hou3d with bay win dows, that stands in the garden adjoining the churchyard." continued the artist, rummog ing hie portfolio. i " I don't know anything about it i " was the dogged reply. " This iB tho place," exclaimed the young artist as he produced a drawing. " Look hero,yon must know the house? surely. Don't yon recognise it ? " " Well, ycB? I suppose I know which you mean," answered tho landlord with evident reluctance; "but you'll best not ask any questions about it. Aud if you'll take my advice, you'll just „ put that drawing at tho back of tho fire." ' ' " At tho back of the firo 1 " ejaculated the two friends in a breath. " Yes, gentlemen, at the hack of tho firo or into the middle of it, whichever you pleaeo." " That would be a new way of finishing off . a sketch," said the one with the folio; " but before I adopt your extraordinary advice, Mr. Landlord, I should like to bo informed of your reasons for giving it." " No gopd can corno out of talking about it, one way or another," said the worthy Boniface, shaking his head; " and I warn you to dismiss the matter from your mind. Forget yon saw the house.and think no more about it." - " That is an impossibility. ' You see I looked upon tho old building with an artist's oye in the rays of the sun, and I should like to have a glance at it in the moonlight. Any chance of going over tho old place to-night, think you V " " Good God ! young man, you don't know what you ask for ! Why this is tho 27th of October, the very night! the dread annivor sary! " " Anniversary of what, landlord?" ejacu lated the young man. " A foul crime 1 But ask me nothing moro, for I'll not answer. If you are mad enough to tompt fate and divine Providence by pay ing a visit to that old house by tho church yard, go to Tom Giles, the sexton, ho's always ready to give tho keys to anybody who wants to see the horrors of that terrible dwelling place." With'pnUid faoeand witii trembling foot steps tho stout host how left tho room. For some few minutes the yuung artists stood by the fire, thc.oldor, still holding tho drawing in his hand, presently, with a derisive smile, exclaiming: " What superstition, Markliam, in thoBc enlightened days. Well, ghosts or no ghosts, I'll visit the old building, and to-night too. Giles, the sexton, tho old fellow said,)>ad the keys. I saw that name on tho door of a .cot tage by tho church. Mayhap there is some thing queer about tho place, and as this seems to be the very witching timo of the year as well as the night I shall go 1" " Wher.x, Gus? " To bed?" " No; to this Tom ' Giles, the ssxton and keeper of tbo keys of the old liouso by tho churchyard." " Are you in downright earneet ? " " As much ns over I was in my life. Wilt you go too ? " " Not I, indeed, Gus, I shall go to bed, whore I would advise you to follow. Oome along, Berrington, whero's tho good of going over a damp, unooinfortnblo old don of li house, and catching, perhaps, a bad cold, and all to convineo yourself of what you know- very well already— that thero aro no such I things as ghosts." "Oh, as for that, Markham, I'm- very certain that the stories about- ghosts and i haunted houses aro oil rubbish ; but I've made up my mind to pay a visit to tliis queer place and just sec what there is to bo seen." I With a light step and a merry laugh tho young man, leaving his friend at tho iun, was soon trudging down tho moonlit road. The village was now wrapped in the deepest silence, except whon some wary houso-dog, aroused by tho passing footsteps, gavo utter- | auce to his sonorous bark. I The young artist remembered distinctly tho eituation of tho sexton'e cottage, and, | as he draw near the littlo habitation tho ! glimmer of a light from tho lower casement | proved that someone was astir. The church clock was striking twelve as the young and enthusiastic artist knocked at the door, which was immediately opeucd by an. aged, white-haired old. man — thosoxtou himself, who, in a querulous voice, cx- 'clilimcd ; "I'm going about tho job now. You needn t. havo come again." " I have not beon'-horo before, Mr. Sox- ton," said Berrington, with a smile. " I beg your, pardon, Bir," mumbled tho old man. . " What is your pleasure ?" I want the keys >f the old house hard by. "Eh!" ejaculated the Bcxton, raising the lantern he held in his hand and soru- . tl«l($jwt!to visitor. t " Aj|jf r.ayo ! I see, Well, you can have 'om. '1'iUppose you'll pay mo for my trouble ?" " Will that satisfy you ?" said Berrington, . banding the old fellow lialf-u- urown. j "Yes. There's tho other job; I'll take one with anothor. Thero are the keys, and you had better tako the lantern." I " All light, I'll bring them back safe. But wboro tlio deuce aro you going with your tools this timo of night ?" The astonished artist hero stared wonder- ingly at the sexton, who, securing his spade ! and pick, prepared to leave tho cottage. "I'm going— ho, he! — I'm going to dig a I grave for a man that iBn't dead yet I" replied the old man, leering hideously and chuckling like a gnome. " You eeo, I can't work as fast ns I Utad to, and it's as well to get AhrtJAd." "2 understdna,". ejaculated tho artist, with a )anghflas he' turned away; the sexton znut tering,aa he hobbled towards the churchyard: " Its funny he should have come to me aftor what I've seen and ask abont his own grave Ha, ha, he'll bring my lantern back safe! "Well, if he don't I'll go and fetch it, that's oil!" . About ten minutes after leaving tho cot tago the artist had gained the old house, being rather startled as ho fancied his saw a pale gleam of' light from - one of tho upper windows. ." It most ho the reflection of tho moon light," muttered, the hold visitor. "The moon's rays entering by somo casement at tbo back, falling upon eome polisliod surface, are reflected upon the front windows, and, of course, your rust.lo crioB out ghosts I" With a scornful laugh, now opening the outer door, Beirington was presoutly stand ing in the hall of the old house. Something soft and warm dashing in his face ns lio walked along the corridor, ho lifted up his lantern, discovering a host of hats, that' disturbed by the sudden glare of light, wcro flitting wildly about tho hall,. Having no superstitious dread of these in teresting and muoh-nbusod little animals, lie merely watched for a moment their fantastic and noisoless gyrations and passed on tot wards the spnoious staircase: ascending this he soon gained tho floor above, ih.o'no of tbo front rooms of which he had soen'the mys terious light. . Here nil the doors save ono wero locked, and upon pushing open this latter, Boning- ton found himself . in a largo handsomely- furnished bedchamber. At ono end Btood a massive /bedstead with dark green curtains at the bead, whilst some substantial lieavy old-fashioned chairs and dressing-tables were disposed about tho apartment; every thing denoting comfort and means. In startled amozo the daringyoung intruder gazed at the soeno before him. A thorough sceptic and materialist, Gus Berrington was struck with awe as ho noticed a phos phorescent glimmer overhead with a heavy, dump odour in the air that caused a difficulty of breathing. . About to close the door, for despite his nerve and conrage he felt uwed and depressed, he started forward filled with cariosity and excitement as ho heard the souud'of a foot' in an adjoining chamber. Darting behind the thick, heavy curtains that draped the ensoment and concealing his lantern, Beirington had barely taken up his position before liol was startled and confoun ded at the appearance of an old man, who, with flowing white beard and busby, beetling brows, crept slowly and cautiously towards the bed. The bed, upon which, as tho phosphores cent light increased, tho young spy now be held tho form of a beautiful woman appar ently in a deep sloop, her hands, upraisod and clasped in prayer, resting on her bosom. Gliding, without a suunii,to the bedsido tho old man stood for a moment glaring at ' tho sleeper, and, to the horror of tho beholder, presently sprang like a ghoul upon the un conscious woman. Frozen now with terror the horrified Berr ington, his feel like load, stole forth from his concealment, staring in frenzied astonishment at a huge ruddy lire blazing now in tho grate. Unseeing or unheeding the witness to his foul crime, the midnight assassin;' -pringing from the bed, a newly-boru babe in his arms, appronchod tho grate, and hurl ing tho infant among tho live coals, proceeded io beat it down deop in tho lurid glowing mass. In wild horror standing statue-iiko in the centre of the room, tbo artist, a kind of vertigo seizing him, had been alike incapable of flight or of interposing between the fell assassin and his victims. Rooted to tho spot, his blood running icc-liko in his veins, he had witnessed this double murder. The mora harrowing in its horror that no.ory, no sound, had woke up tlio stillness of tho chamber. ' Only, as the aged. arsassin, turning round, fixed a cold glassy eyo upon him, was life and courage restored to the startled artist, who stalled forwurd as tho murderer glided from tho apartment of death, and followed him to tlio landing or corridor without. Hearing no sound of footsteps as the assassin descended tho stairs, Berrington remainod loaning over tlio baluotrado watch ing, in wild horror the departure of that gliding, silent figure, and then, as pressing against tho woodwork in his horror nnd ex citement, old und decoyed, it suddenly gave way, prcelpitnting him below with a crash that woke up hoi rid echoes through the old -house. .Finding that hie friend had not returned to tho inn during the night, early the following morning tho young man Markham called upon the sexton; tho two, upon, enter ing the old house, discovering the still living Berrington lying in the hail. With somo difficulty they cBi- riod him into one of tho parlours and laid him on a mould ering conch. Tho unfortunate young artist revived sufficiently to relate tho dread vision ho had witnessed the preceding night and then expired. " What do you think of your friend's experience of t ho old houso by tbo .church yard?" aeked the sexton, breaking tho silence of death. " Poor Berrington !"' sighed Mnrkham, raising his head from tho drooping position in which ho had watched his friend yield his last breath. " Ho must havo been delirious from his fall, and fancied that dreadful vision." " Not at all ; it'B all true. Your, com rade saw tho phantom of tho old Baronet Sir Evcrard Vore, who in mad joalousy murdered his poor young wifo and ohild. iio died in a madhouse, he did, and my father buried him: b\it the old fellow still haunts what was his favourite residonoe in his lift-time and the scene of his oriine— Tho Old House by the Churchyard. Tbo End. 