A NEW LUTHERAN -? ?? CHllKOH, ., LAYING THE Fj0UNI)A'nON-StONEl. €j»tutday. last was a red:letter day in con; ? nectiori'' with St. Stephen's Lutheran Church, when the foundation-stone of*''the new building 'in 'Wakefield-street was laid by Sir Samuel J. Way, Bart. Despite the gloomy forecast of the morning the wea ther was most propitious, and it seemed \- as if nature were lending her aid towards the success of the project. The stone was enveloped in a German royal standard, be tion, and overhead the German flag and the Union Jack were floating in the breeze side by side. Seat6 for the guests were arranged on a platform erected for Ijlie oc casion, and there was a large attendance. Amongst those present, in addition to Sir Samuel and Lady Way, were Mr. H. C. E. Muecke (consul for the German Empire), Hon. M. P. F. Basedow, Mr. T.' Scherk, M.P., and many leading German residents. The proceedings commenced with a shortened liturgical service, conducted in German by the Rev. Dr. E. J. Eitel, the pastor of the church, who was assisted by the Rev. Paetor ICaestner, of Tanunda, and in this the church choir rendered effective aid. In the course of the service the stone was consecrated bv the pastor and signed with the sign of the Cross, after which it was placed in position under the supervi sion of the architect. The stone, which was tne gift oi the contractor, bore the Jerusalem cross and the following inscrip tion: — 'Zur Ehre Gotte's wurde dieser Stein gelegt von dem. Right Hon. Sir Samuel James Wav. Bart., October 14, 1899.' The silver trowel, suitably in scribed, which was presented by the archi tects, was used uy Sir Samuel Way, who laid the stone in true Masonic form, with the following words: — 'To the glory of God and in the faith of Jesus Christ I de clare this stone to be well and faithfully laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' The assisting clergyman, fol lowed by the churchwardens, Messrs. W. Bruggemann, G. A. Muth, A. Rieke, and K. Bechte), advanced in turn, and in accor dance with the Lutheran custom recited a Scriptural text, at the same time giving three taps on the stone with the mallet, signifying the doctrine of the Trinity. The Rev. Dr. E. J. Eitel said he could not address them without first giving expres sion to the deep feeling, of obligation under which his congregation, as well as himseif, had been placed by the generous - sympathy of so many classes of the Ade laide public, as was evidenced by the gathering present, and especially by the large-hearted kindness of that 'typical- re presentative of South Australian broad mindedness, Sir Samuel J. Way, their honored and beloved Chief Justice — (ap- plause) — who had more often than any man in South Australia filled the higher post of Lieutenant-Governor, and who had generously consented to lay the foundation stone of this German church, which he had performed in such a . master-mason-Hkt manner. A6 Sir Samuel Way would pre Gently address them, be- proposed to con fine himpelf to a few explanatory remarks. The building, the foundation-£tone of which had just been laid, was intended to take the^plaee of the little church in Piric street, erected 38 years ago, under the pas-' torale -of the Rev. Christian Masc- hmedt, whose work in Kleinzig and Adelaide and neighborhood was still held in blessed re membrance. Like its predecessor, this church was also dedicated to St. Stephen the Martyr, whose never-dying example call ed upon them to stand by the faith of the glorified Redeemer with unshaken fidelity. The aims of that church were to admini ster to their German fellow-colonists the blessings of religion and the Holy Sacra mehts on the basis of the Word of God. and in conformity with the established Lutheran faith, and for that -purpose of cultivating the use of the German language and the love of the. German fatherland. They considered those aims to be perfectly compatible with the- hearty and loyal sub mission they owed to the suzerain British Government, and with the consciousness that unless the stream of German immigra tion were soon renewed the German ele ment in the colony was bound to be ab sorbed in the overwhelming flood of Anclo Saxon life. They bowed to the inevitable, but meanwhile they who were born Ger mans, even there in the Rhadow of the British flag, ppreevered in their duty and love to God, Kateer, and fatherland, and they believed that they had therein the sympathy of every enlightened English man. (Applause.) The finances of their church were such that they were glad to accept the generous offerings of their Enclish as well as German friends. They had sold their ground in Pirie-streei for £1,200. They had purchased the pre sent site for £900. The building would cost from £1,500 to £1,600, and their con gregation would therefore have to raio-e £1,200 to provide merely for the building of the church, but they weje in urgent need also of a building for the use of the Sunday-school. Sir. Samuel. Way, who was warmly re ceived, said;— Dr. Eitel, elders, members, and friends of the Evangelical Lutheran Church, will you permit me to thank you first for the cordial welcome whii-h you have accorded Lady Way and myself to this historical gathering, and allow nm to thank you also on my own behalf for hav ing done me the honor of allowing me to take part In this ceremonial. I shall al ways value the handsome trowel wirh which I have been presented as a precious memorial of one of the most interesting incidents of my life.' Hay I also, whilst dealing with' these-Dersonal details, express the great gratification I feel that I nave the honor of being associated with my distinguished friend, the Rev. Dr Eitel, at this early part of las labors in toe city ojE 'Adelaide. The great services which Dn Eitel' rendered in the cause of educa tion are'a part* of the history of the Bri tisVxjolony of Hongkong, and his learning - has 'been acknowledged .within the walls of the British Parliament. (Applause.) I do, not wonder that the St. Stephen's .Church in Pirie-street Las, as mentioned by Dr. Eitel, been found too small to accommo date the congregation, which are desirous of coming under Dr. Eitel's faithful and learned and earnest ministry. Will you permit me also to say that it affords me, as a South Australian colonist, the highest gratification to be here, and to take part in the proceedings of to-day. These pro ceedings connect themselves with an event in South Australian settlement, or, rather, in the colonisation of this conti nent, which, more than almost any other, teaches the heroic and the sublime. Tn November, 1838, the good ship Prince George anchored in Port Adelaide, with 100\. Germans on board. That ship was the South Australian Mayflower. The Pil grim Fathers in both cases had left their native land, to secure religious freedom. Those of 200 year6 ago sailed to North America, those of 183N came here, and helped to build up South Australia. Those Hilesian peasants were singularly qualified to take part in the early settlement ot a country. They were most of them hus bandmen. They had learnt in the Valley of the Oder about the cultivation of the vine and the management of the merino sheep. They were much impressed with a doctrine t'hat has become very popular lately the doctrine of the close settlement of the land, but the most precious freight which they brought with them was a pas sion for liberty- of worship. The most dra matic incident of the Reformation, I think, vou will all agree, was .at the Diet of Worms, an incident with which you are all familiar, when Martin Luther stood up and withstood Emperor, prrnces, nobles, sol diers, cardinalfi, legates, bishops, the whole power of the German Kmpire ami Ae Pa pacy combined. 'Here,' cried he, 'I take iny' stand, and God help me,' and by the utterance of these historic words he se cured for the modern world freedom of pri vate judgment. Our Pilgrim Fathers in South Australia were his worthy succes sors. They had borne fines and imprison ment, and the confiscation of their goods. They had left their native land and come to an unknown country to secure a free church in a free State, and all South Aus tralians next year will go. into Federation with greater pride because of the sturdy .courage of those German -Pilgrim Fathers. But I cannot allow my German friends co monopolise all the honor and glory to which I have referred. It is something that we Englishmen two years -Defore had es tablished' upon principles of civil and re ligious freedom a colony in which these exiles could find a safe asylum. We did not cavil about terms, _ we wel comed them -to a free citizenship. If the Boers had acted upon the same principles towards the Uitlanders, English, German, and all other nationalities, who have built up the Transvaal, we should not be mourn ing a .war in South Africa to-day, But I wish to go a etep further as to my own nationality. These pioneers came here by the help of a Bi-itis'h merchant, and lliey could not have come 'here without that help. He. had spent thousands and .thousands of pounds in bringing out shipload after ship load of these religious refugees, and to this movement we owe the townships of Klein zig, Hahndorf, Lnbetha'l, Tanunda, Angas ton, and the ot'her Gentian settlements which are amongst the most striking and attractive features of South Australia; and in estimating the greatness of that act we must remember that this money was ad vanced at a time when this liberal bene factor was in straitened circumstances in conscquen«e of his capital having been locked up in this new colony. He put down his carriage.' He endangered the loss of the whole of 'his fortune in order to give holp to theee refugees. I can remember the tall and slender form, the long hair, and the striking features of Pastor Kavcl, who was the leader of this immigration, and it is one of my proudest memories that I was honored with the friendship of their munificent benefactor who brought them out to this colony, George Fife Angas, the father and the founder of South Austra lia. (Applause.) At the Easel Club, which is now holding its exhibition on -North-ter- race, there is a little picture of an old cot tage — just such a cottage as you may see by hundreds of thousands in your father land — and alongside that cottage there is an almond tree in full blossom. The title of the picture is 'The last of a once flourishing township — Klemzie.' It is true that the men and women who built Klem zig are gone, and their cottages also. Their place knows them no more. But their children and children's children— some of them bearing English surnames in conse quence of intermarriages — are spread throughout South Australia, and are amongst the most industrious, the most flourishing, and the most law-abiding of our population. (Applause.) St. Ste phen's Church, in Pirie-sfcreet, was tiie successor of the little church in Klemzig, and it is to be followed by this more spa cious building; but I venture to eay, that so long as there arc descendants of thore Pilgrim Fathers amongst ua — so long as South Australia is the home of a free, a happy, and a prosperous peo»le-;we shall not have seen the last of Kfemzig. (Ap plause.) The almond tree in the picture, blossoming and bearing fruit year by year, ^is a true emblem of the living spirit of Klemzig. (Applause.) When I was in England in 1891, I saw in the gardens of Maryborough House ,the f oremOBt 'man in Europe and the best and greatest woman in the wide world walking together. Theaged Queen, of England, was accepting the sup port of the strong arm of the Emperor of Germany. That, I thought, personifies, what pnght to be'the- relations dt the Ger man and the English. Empires. (Applause.) - When I say^ this symbolises the relations of-Germans and English in South Austra lia, I. mean that We are not merely *one race. We are one family. Those of us ?who come from the three kingdoms and the principality surrounded by the four, seas on the other aide of the world are not more loyal to her Majesty the Queen than are the patriotic German colonists of South Australia. (Applause.) When we speak of the mother country all of us think at once of England; and when the fatherland is mentioned we all — from whatever coun try we come — mean the Empire of Ger many. We have English, Caledonian, Hi bernian, Cambrian, and Cornish societies, and I concur with Dr. Eitel that the Ger mans also should cherish the love of their great fatherland, and that they should make its history and its traditions a part of our own inheritance in this great Aus tralia of ours. Our intellectual life will be all the richer if. we possess ourselves of the treasures of German literature. The German language is the key to the latest discoveries of modern science. We recog nise that in the University of Adelaide, and we are doing all we can to encourage the study of the German language, and lam glad to be able to inform you that to aid our efforts Dr. Eitel has very kindly con sented to give lectures to our students upon the subject — (applause) — in its deepest and highest aspects— Christian liberties and national and social distinc tions. There are neither Jews nor Greeks, neither bond nor free, neither male nor female, but we are all one in' Christ Jesue. Christianity was never intended to destroy good citizenship or to diminish our loyalty and our patriotism; and religion in South Australia will flourish all the more strong ly while the doctrines of the Great Re former are preached, faithfully preached, in his mother tongue, and while your devo tions vrise to heaven in the words of the hymn^ 'A strong tower is our God,' and the other hymns from the pen of Martin Luther and Martin' Luther's land. Of this I am sure, I may venture to assure you, that every right-feeling South Australian, whether of English, Irish, Scotch, or Ger man birth, wishes for his church peace and prosperity,' and' fervently joins in the prayer that it may have God's blessing. (Applause.) Mr. H. C. E. Muecke, Consul for the German Empire, said he had been request ed by Dr. Eitel, the wardens, and members of' the church, to ? tender to Sir Samuel Way and Lady Way a hearty recognition of their kindness. He could assure Sir Samuel that' every German loved his fatherland, loved his language,, .ioved his customs, and, above all, he loved 'his re .ligion. He could also assure Sir Samuel that in his experience among the Germans he had usually found that those who bore the strongest attachment to their country also formed the most loyal and. most ex cellent citizens in their new country South Australia. He. had also to tender on behalf of the pastor, wardens, and mem bers of the church their hearty thanks to the architects, Messrs. Wilb'anis & Good, for their kind gift of the handsome silver trowel used for the occasion, 'and to the contrac tor, Mr. G. Kleingunther, for the plat form which he had erected free of charge and also for the stone which he had pre sented. The ceremony closed with the benedic tion, and the singing of Luther's well known hymn 'Nun danket alleGott.' Dur ing the singing of a hymn offerings were laid on the stone amounting to £55 11/. Among those from whom apologies were received were the Mayor and' Mayoress of Adelaide, who sent a donation to the church. The new St. Stephen's Evangelical Lutheran Church, which is being erected in Wakefield-street, will be in the form -jt a Latin cross. The measurement from the end of the nave to the end of the chancel is 78 ft., and from end to end of the transept 50 ft. The width of the nave is 2'3 ft., and the height from floor to ceiling 1:2 ft. 6 in. The main entrance porch is .it the side near the front, and the vestry ad joins the chancel. The general -design of the building is. in 'the early English style. The lower portion of the walls is of Tapley's Hill bluestone, and that above the plinth of light freestone, with a combination of cement and brick dressings. Large trac ery windows form the main featured of the front, transept, and chancel, and the main buttresses are surmounted by pin nacles. At t'he intersection of the roofs an elegiint fleche is a most striking fea ture, rising to the height of 05 ft. from the ground, and thoroughly ventilates the roof. The small fluted galvanized iron ceiling is carried up into the roof about 5 ft., esprwi to view the lower part of ..the hammer beam principals. THe altar, pulpit, and pews arc of polished .kauri pine, and the floor is of jarrah. The 'church will be well ventilated with sufficient inlets and patent exhaust ventilators. The work is being carried out from jilans and specifications prepared by Messrs. Williams & Good, the architects. The contractor is Mr. G. Kleingunther. 