HIS ENEMY'S DAUGHTER ; PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. HEn32»aa.e\s-fc (Author of "The Fossleker," "The Lover's Quest," "The Kloof Bride," "The Lost Heiress," "A Fair Colonist," &c.;, &c;, COPYRIGHT. ' CHAPTER XXI.- (Continued). "Eut are they clear? Is the white stained? Is my- hnh" coarse: like an Indian's? ' Is my- .kin coarse?" and she laughed a little -hys terically. Jack rubbed his little hooked nose against her cheek, and smiled, then stood off to look again. "your eyes are like the lake," he said, "with the moon at the bottom, and your cheeks are soft as soft, and your hair shines like the wings of el carpentero, the wood pecker you told me about." "Is It very black?" she said, putting her hand to her hail-. "Black, how I hate It. But hark, Jack, there Is good ncivs for you; and soon you may show your brother all the treasures you have shown to me— the old ruins, and the parrot, and the dowers." "Are you glad?" said the boy, solemnly. "Why, of course I am.? "I know when peoples is glad. They laugh —but there is no laugh in your eyes. They look like the Indian woman down by the gar den, and she sits and looks at things not near but far." . "Am I like that Indian woman, Jack'" she whispered, with a sniile that mocked the pain at her heart. ' "I dunno. You are quiet, same as the In dian woman, but you don't smoke like she. When you are not by me I know you are here,, for you like the old stones, nnd the old par rot, and you can look at the water and listen to the .wind, and watch, the. birds, without talking; you belong to this place, but with the other girls, they get tired of the stillness, ar,d they laugh— and they are frightened al- ' ways." "Yes," she murmured, "I am a part of these ruins, and the shadow tliaL has fallen on them has fallen on me." The little chap suddenly paused to laugh. ..'"Won't, brother be s'prised when I show him.- Jiow., I can. shoot?. .My! We will go down to the water and shoot the - big ; thing that /never, sleeps. See! It keeps me awake, cos I see It In the dark, arid Its eyes are open vltlo always." - . "You will forgot me when your brother ' comes!" ' ' "You will come with us," he said, "and corry the basket with the food." 'Like the; Indian woman. Whon you are a big man, little Jack, always be kind to women, for they are .weak.". "1 will carry the basket, and you can carry the' gun." ' ' She ltlsscd him, and went Into the qulnta to prepare- delicacies for the sick . man, while Jack threw himself Into the shade of n bush, with "a ttred sigh, and entered Into a conver sation With n humming-bird, who quivered like a gem within a few Inches of his face, .Marian at . noon slipped out of the house and wont unobserved down to the first field where Pedro, waiting beneath a palm, watch ed her coming with an, insolent stare of open admiration. . „ "Your basket, senorlta. It is, too heavy for such a small hand." "Lead the .way," she said quietly. Pedro swaggered on, twirling his oiled moustaches, but ho had chunk of 'the mate fired with spirit, and-lie felt in -the humour to be bold. "Follow mo always, senorlta, and your path will be strewn vvlth flowers," he said, leering- over his- shoulder. "It amazes me when I see you that Senor Ferdinand has no eyes but for that other." She-made no answer, and lier face, expressed neither fear nor .anger. Pedro strutted on, then, emboldened to further advances, slack ened his pace and stopped: - ','Go on," she said, quietly, suddenly level ling a small revolver. He laughed, and laughing went on his way. "When you look like your father a wlse.man knows what to do," he mumbled; "but in. the end, oh/ yes, In the end it Is the mother's blood that comes Into the Hps." She shuddered a. little at the coarse allusion, and her. face was very white when she entered the lonely toldo. Pedro, opened the narrow dour to let her In, and she gathered her skirts so they should not brush him with an air of loathing. "Outside!" she said, In a whisper; and the man lurched out, with an ugly scowl on Ills vicious face. She went sdftly to the rough couch, and looked at the- gaunt face of the sick man, felt his brow with a cool hand, re-arranged his pillow, and had given him a draught of quin ine and was feeding him with Jelly before he realised that someone was In the room dif ferent- to those who had recently waited oil him.' Ho followed her graceful form with his hollow eyes, as she moved silently about the rtom, throwing out a bunch of flowers which Pedro had placed In a vessel, probably as u compliment to her, and next sprinkling the hard earth flodr with water, before using a broom: She was dressed In soft black muslin, spotted with red, with a black lace mantilla over her head, and her white arms and white face wore almost ghost-like In contrast. If she felt uny surprise that they should meet under such strange circumstances, or any more lender emotion, she did not show It in her face, for ' She had the divine self-constraint of the nurse. He sighed and moved. She was at his side In a moment. ""Who are you?" he whispered, looking up at her with a pucker between his eyes. "Why 'do, you look so troubled? What message have you,- that your face should be so white, and In your eyes all the mystery aud sorrow of the night?". "I nin your nurse," she said gently, "and you must be quiet." "Quiet! It Is quietness that Is killing me— the horrible silence of the forest, and the mountains. Where Is Tupac?" He raised him self on his elbow and looked long round the room with a fixed stare In his blue eyes. She pressed him Boftly back on his pillow wllli a firm hand, hut her heart trembled at the name which seemed to link her with for gotten memories. "Where Is Tupac?" he muttered again; "and the Colonel— Colonel Colston? I saw his cruel face, Where Is he. I day. I ac cuse him before God— robber and assassin. But they must not meet, no, father and son enemies; horrible!" "You are rising up your strength," she said firmly, "and you need it.". "Need it, yes," lie said, with a wild look; "I must get strong to punish him. That is all I wish to live for." "And your brother?" she. murmured, sooth ing him with her hand on litis forehead, "you have not forgotten little Jack? Get strong for his sake." "My little Joclt!" he murmured, with a smile, and lay still, looking up at the cell ing, through .which sifted a ray of sunshine. Under the gentle movement of her hand he sank into sleep, and when his- breathing came regularly she sank to the ground, with her hands In her lap, and a look of horror In her eyes. "'Father and son,' what did it mean? And Tupac— who was he?" Presently she rose, and seated herBelf where she could watch him, silting with her chin in her hand, brooding over the dark shadows that were closing around her, but ready to minister to the patient nt the slightest move ment. The door-creaked and Pedro's scow ling face appeared. She put -her finger to her lips to exact ' silence, but lie growled surlily that she had been long enough, and her absence would he noticed. She moved to the door and bid him return1 later, with Mrs. Mllcent,- "Your father-said no one was to know but you of this man's presence- until he re-- turned." "Do as I bid you!" she orUe: | J, and - he lurched awny- muttering, He went as far as' the toldos, and there' sat down In the shade with his back to tlic wall .'and dropped off to sloop. There were very few in the valley who were not asleep at that hour, .except perhaps two people. Air. Atllcent, who, appeared to be equally Indifferent to either cold or heat, was still actively at work, on the lofty summit of- the pyramid, checking. the shadow from the gnomon In Its course, over the smooth sun- circle, and Alarlan sat" and watched by the s.'clt man's side. , AIlss Dunell, late in the afternoon, was swinging In a hammock, looking up at tlio dis tant peak of gleaming snow, which held out such a wonderful but illUBlve proihlse of deli- clous cold, A striking picture. she made, in a cloudy dress. of white that overflowed the side of thb nnmmock, one arm supporting lier head, the other trailing down, and- Marian stepping out on to the balcony stood for some moments looking. ; "AIlss Dunell!" / , "Oh, is that, you? How sombre1 you look, and tragic." She swung gracefully to a sit ting position arid balanced 'herself by grasp ing the ropes, j 'Do you lcnowi' MIbs Colston, that you seem to mo to be somehow kin to tlio wild nnd savage beauty of this lonely place." "Am I to regard that as a compliment?" "Aly dour child, don't, for heaven's sake. You positively make mo shudder when you speak In tlint tone.ns If you had neither youth nor hope, and life were one long note of de spair. Where have you.been all the day?" "Nursing." ' , "Ah, I might have/known that. You are exactly tlio girl I- should expect to offer up your life as a sacrifice for the crime of hav ing been born beautiful, Who is the fortu nate'' patient?" "Air. Jnmes Elmore.: He Is 111 with fever, and I have beeri attending him all day." "Fever! I hope It Is not catching." "There Is no fear of lnfectiori," said Alarlan, with a curl of her lip. . ' ' "Are you quite sure?, One cannot be too 'cnretul. And I am sure to catch anything that Is running about. He has not been brought into the house, I presume?" "I thought," said Alarlan, "that you would like to nurse him," Miss Dunell fell back gracefully Into tlie hammock. "I am curious to know why you should have thought that." "Mr. Elmore Is an old friend of yours." "Really," Bhe'lqughed, "If .friendship made a claim upon one's services as a nurse, I should he compelled in self-defence to hnve a very limited clrqle of acquaintances, I am surprised to know- he -ls here/and very sorry to hear of his Illness; but I would not dream of depriving you of the pleasure of nursing him. Now sit down arid talk to me of those wonderful ruins." .> "I will send Air. Ferdinand up," sold Ala rlan, bitterly; "he Is perhaps a better savage than I am.". "Yes, do," said Miss Dunell, ' sweetly, "If you are sure you can spare, him." ' : CHAPTER XXII. , Marian ran downstairs, with a little colour in her cheeks, and a. strange sense of elation, and after giving Ferdinand a. peremptory or der to go up and entertain Miss Dunell she sought and found Mrs. Milcent. "I want your help," she said, with decision. "That is very flattering to me," said the little lady, looking up . from- some botanical, specimens she Was neatly arranging. "You havo not given me the chance to speak to you for two days, and now you come In with marching orders. In what- can your slave help you?" "I wish you to help me nurse a. man 111 with fever." ' ; . ' ' ' "I. am with you,, my dear. Let me put these, treasures away, so. Now then, what of the commissariat, arid the drugs? Thank heaven, quinine grows at the door, old nurse- Nature having providentially supplied an antidote to her own ills. Is It a night Job? It is. Then I will scribble a note to my- husband— though he Is so plunged In his hobby that he will not miss me. Put a few things into a basket, and don't forget that my appetite is large and healthy." The note was scribbled off, the little lady drew on her. gloves, caught up a stick which she carried In -her walks to make short work of snakes, and was ready for anything when Alarlan returned from the pantry. "What a magnificent Queen of the Night you would make," she said, '"with that pale beauty, and haunting spirit of romance and mystery." , "Do I look strange?" sold Alarlan, glanclng at her dress. - "Strange only as rare things are strange. Gracious heavens! What a costume for a nurse. Cover your dress In an earthly apron, otherwise I shall be'starlng at you In the long watches." ' They found their way unobserved to the hut, where Lieutenant Pedro, having but slightly recovered from his debouch, was on guard again In a very bad temper. Airs. Alllcent fa-' voure'd him with a cool stare, then went to the cc-uch. "Why." she Bald, "he Is a white: man." "YeB," said Marian, "It Is Mr. Elmore." "Mr. Elmore! Why In the name of hu manity Is he left here In this wretched hovel, when there are spare rooms In the qulnta?" "It was by his Excellency's orders," growl ed Pedro, "and his orders, moreover, were that no one was to know of his coming except myself and the senorlta- It Is In my mind that you must not remain." "And who are you, my good man?" "I am Lieutenant Pedro." ' , "Then, Lieutenant Pedro, be good enough to .leave us." ' "I am here by his Excellency's orders," said Pedro, seating himself, "and here I stay,'.' "I have often wlBhed that I were a man, but never so much as now," said the little lady with a frown. "Marian, my dear, go back to the house for Air. , Ferdinand. I will remalri here." . Pedro lowered his brows and began to twist a cigarette. "If you speak so much It' will wake him," he said, with a nod at Elmore; "and If you annoy me further I will turn you out." "Pedro," said Marian,' forcing herself to speak caimly, "It Is not necessary to guard a sick man, but It Is necessary to nurse him. You can leave him to us." "It Is not safe to disobey his Excellency," said Pedro, with a meanlng look, "no more' for his daughter than It was for his wife— and still less, for me. Yet If the senorlta will for get some of the things which have happened to-day I may forget until to-morrow morning what my orders were." "I have already forgotten," she said, haughtily. "I shall say nothing to my father about s'ou." "Then I have the pleasure to wish you, seno rlta, and you, senora, a good-night. There is a tarantula rthe roof — I saw the glitter of his eyes Just now— and a Jarcara was seen sunning himself beside the wall. Still what does It matter? But keep the door closed lest the vampire bat should enter. Buenos nostos!" Mrs. Milcent could not suppress a shudder as the man went out, and shook our her skirts \vlth a nervouB action, while Alarlan took the lump and searened the corners, and skirting of the hut. "Probably," she muttered, "he said that to frighten us," "The brute," said Mrs. Milcent, with deci sion. "But, after all, these creature.'/ do not bite unless they are In danger, and for my part, If a spider or a snake appears, I will en deavour to convince It that my Intentions are strictly friendly. Ugh! If It were not so late I would have the poor man taken to the qulnta; but as it is we must make the nibst of this situation." She bent over ihe patient, took his tempera ture, felt hlB pulse, declared that the fever was slight, und ventured the opinion that ex posure and worry were at tlio bottom of his collapse. " iemove the worry, give him plenty of good brc th, and he wlll be.-ori his legs In a week. Tit -t Is my opinion, Miss Marian." " Vre you sure?" she whispered, with a sigh, as ihe seated herself by the couch to -watch the wan face. , ' A rs. Alllcent, with occasional. sharp glances at he floor und walls, busied herself with the -cor tents, of the basket, -and when she had finnhed. she sat down, after a careful ex amination of the chair, and studied her com panion's face. . "Bo," she murmured, after a silence, "that is Mr. Elmore.. Of course,- 1 am dying to (know where he came from; 'how he got- here; why he should be left In this hovel in charge of a dissolute brigand. It occurs to me! also that Beatrice should be elther ln-my plorie or In yours." : ' „ "I did tell Aliss Dunell of his presence /here, ' said Alarlan, with a. rush of colour, "but she, ' "She very naturally preferred to" remain at- the- qulnta." . "To talk with Mr. Ferdinand." ' . "She was always a sensible girl; and I often think that sentimental folk, buBVbodles.-lIke you .and mc, succeed in muddling their- own lives while mismanaging and meddling with other people's affairs. When you,, consider, my-' dear, that there is a ferocious Bpider up- In the roof, and a venomous serpent beneath the.' floor, I think, that you will ;admit the.- ' wisdom Is on the "side of Beatrice, who at the. present momerit Is swinging In delicious se curity on- the balcony listening to soft music.. Look," she added. In a thrilling whisper. There upon the wall above the -sick -man s. hend, and crawling slowly down, was a huge, hideous, black, nnd hairy spider, whose eyes shone indeed like diamond points, and whose great pnngs moved perpetually, as if in anti cipation he were burying them in some juicy morsel. When about two feet from the couch it dprang on the coverlet, and with Its two front legs raised in an arch remained per- : fectly still, except for a slight undulation from the breathing of the sleeping man. Its outspread legs covered a space of several inches In diameter, and its pin-point eyes 'glittered out of its black and venomous- look- ing-'head. above the curved fangs. "Be still," said Marian in a vhlsper, as she grasped her companion tightly by the wrist, "ltjls an omen— the emblem of those who llv-. ed'itml are dead." " . . . . "But It may bite him," said Mrs. Milcent, trying to twist her free hand. "This Is hor rible, mv dear Miss Colston. Let me free." , "Be quiet!" .said Marian harshly, and the imperious little woman winced at the tone, butiinstead of making an angry retort looked with wonder at the .white face at- her ! side. Marian's black eyes were fixed on the repul- slvd Insect, not In horror or fear; but .with a look of expectation. . , "Aly God!" The exclamation,- In tones, came from the couch. Elmore had wakened conscious, and his glance had fallen on the two' ladies, whose faces shone pale In the dim light, nnd who were standing like- statues, Following their fixed gaze he saw the shaggy, sprawling creature within a foot of his face. "Don't move," said Alarlan, not withdraw ing her eyes from the glittering points. "Keep Absolutely still." ' ; . , " For several seconds they remained In this position. Then Alarlan raised her disengaged hand- until it was held out, straight, the soft muslin falling back, and leaving the white forearm with the outstretched hand;.:. She Stood like a priestess invoking some dark spirit. The spider suddenly shook its body with a rapid motion-. "Be still," muttered Alarlan,, '"for heaven.s sake!" and the fingers tightened like steel on , the (soft wrist, till Mrs. Alllcent bit her lips froni pain. ' Then the repulsive creature - leapt Into the air, /and alighted on the outstretched hand, where It stood again, still with; Its two legs raised. Airs. Milcent ahrank back, "Don't!" muttered Alarlan, whose face, was deathly white under the strain, and Mr b. Mil- cent, though frozen with horror, remained quiet. Elmore raised himself -on his elbow,, and so remained, fearing to make , another movement lest the spider: In Its alarm, . should bury- Its fangs hi the firm hand; Then the- hairy legs moyed slowly forward. It slopped. Jerked its body again violently, plunged Its fangs Into the white arm, and was gone In a spring that seemed to carry It to the door. "Thank God!" said AIar!nn, w|th an hysteri cal cry, "It is I who am doomed, .and riot he." , Airs. Alllcent tore her wrist away, threw, one .1 arm round the shrinking girl's 'waist; arid put her lips to the wound, sucking. the venom. She placed the lamp near the bed, thrust a hunt- - Ing-knlfc Into Elmore's hand, arid bade: him heat the point. Then she squeezed the angry wound where the fangs had gone "deeply In, washed It. and taking the knife cauterised the' flesh. "For God's sake," cried Elmore, '.'don't- tor- ture her." t'Lte down!" said Mrs. Milcent, thrusting him back on the pillow. Then she turned to Marian, who had fainted, brought her to, forced her to drlnlc a glass of wine, and bound up the poor blistered arm. Then lr<" the. most business-like way , she gave Elmore some Jolly, took the lamp In one hand, stick In the other, arid searched the floor and:walls for the spider. Not finding It she suddenly dropped the stick, flung hei; arms round Alarlnn's neck, arid indulged for one brief spell in a passion - ateistorm of tears, accompanied by murmurs of endearment and admiration. ?'Am I awake?" said Elmore, feebly, rais ing/ himself on his elbow, "or is this some .hideous nightmare?" , "Hideous!'.' Mrs. Alllcent moved her head away, flrst to dry her eyes, then she turned thehi scornfully, on Elmore. . "Hideous! 'Do you realise what this brave child has done for you? Is there anyone but idarjian would have lured that terrible monster from you to her own person? Would Beatrice have, done It?" ' "Alarlan?" said Elmore; "is that Marian'. The light-shines In my eyes, I cannot see." . (TO JIB CONTINITKD.I 