SHORT 8TOKV. GABRIELLE'S GHOST, Ton EnRlieh police/ said Monsieur Gar* nier, the world-tamoos French detective, ae he leaned baok in hie ohair, and lit a cigar — 1 yon English police hare jour methods of deteotion, which are admirable in their way, end yet which fall short in somethinir. and that something is imaginativeness. Having once obtained a due, yoa can work it np as skillfully as any detootives in the world, bat, failing saoh cine, I most confess, gentlemen, your little plans are too often doomed to failure. Twinge tmtiTeneffi is, in my hpmble opinion, as neoessary to the deteotive as to the encoeaBfol novelist, and if yon will forgive my talking of myself, I will tell yon the story of the oase wbioh bronght mo what fame I have the honour to possess. In that oase we had not the slightest olae to go npon, bat the im aginative inBtinot served me in en oh a man ner that I ran my man to earth. 4 One sultry morning in August, I was commissioned to go to the Chateaa Money, at Villefort, a rural district about forty miles from Paris, where, it seemed, a mys terious crime had been committed. Mademoiselle Gabrielle Monoy, the only aaagnter ot tne onateau, had been fonnd on the floor of her bedroom early that morning quite dead, the medical evidenoe showing that she had been killed by poison. 1 On arrival at the ohateau, I was at onoe ushered into the presence of Monsieur Monoy, a dignified, middle-aged man, who rose to greet me as I entered. He was overoome with grief, and it was plain to see that he had been weeping continuously. * Be seated, monsieur,' he said, in a low tone, 4 and I will give you all the particulars at my disposal of this awful affair.' 1 obeyed his request, and seated myself near the window. 4 Now. monsieur, ' I said, quietly, 4 1 am entirely at your service.' 4 In that case,1 he returned, 4 1 will pro ceed to explain matters to yon without farther delay. Yesterday morning I went to Paris to attend a sitting of the Chamber of Deputies, of whioh I have the honour of being a member. I left in the house my poor daughter Gabrielle, her cousin Monsieur Ernest Monoy, my secretary — a young named Vautiin— and the house servants, in cluding Madame Blanohe, the housekeeper. 4 The Chamber sitting late last evening, I stayed at an hotel where I usually pat up yrhsa in Paris, and this morning at nina o'clook 1 was horrified to reoeive a telegram from my housekeeper informing me that my daughter had been discovered dead* I at onoe came poet-haste to this house, and found that the message waa only too true. The doctor who had been hastily summoned deolared that my daughter had been poisoned by means of some vegetable drug, suoh as braoine or strychnine. This is all I bare to # tell yon.' 'Do yon Buspeot anyone f' 1 asked, after a short paose, in the passing of whioh the distressed father sat looking at me with anxious eyes. 4 Is there anyone in the house who would benefit by this death P' 'Only one— Monsieur Earnest Money, my poor daughter's cousin, the next of kin. But he is so admirable and excellent a young man that to suspeot him is madness.' 4 The secretary f 4 Is a man whom I have from poverty and destitution, and whose fortune I am making, seeing that I am to obtain for him a secretaryship to the Minister for In struction. Hardly the man, monsieur, to repay me for my servioes by murdering my only child.' 4 True enough. The other InmRfop of the house are, I suppose, not to be suspected for a moment P' 4 Not for a moment. They all loved my ohild, and would have died for her.' 4 Oould anyone have obtained admittance to the house during the night f ' Impossible. Every door was barred and bolted as usual, so the hansekeeper informs me.' 'Some visitors might have called last evening P' 4 No visitor oould have oalled. The storm kept everyone away.' * w£?m ^om do you obtain these f&ots; ?' 4 From Madame ( Blanohe, the house keeper. Perhaps you would like to inter rogate herf' 4 It would be as well, I think.' 'Monsieur Monoy touched a bell, and summoned the woman, who was evidently moon agitated. She answered my questions in a straightforward, manner, and, whilst it is not usual for men of my pro fession to judge from appearance, I never theless felt oonvinoed when Madame Blanohe ^ room that she was as innocent of duplicity in evidenoe as she was of complicity in the crime. 4 Ton we satisfied with the housokeeper f asked Monsieur Monoy when she had de parted. 'Quite. There seems no reason io doubt the aoouraoy of her statemAnte. Aha affirma that Mademoiselle Gabrielle did not quit the house yesterday, and no visitor oalled. Now what does the .doctor say as to the time when the poison was swallowed f' 'He can say nothing very definite until after the post-mortem j but he is willing to that the poison was administered within twelve hoars of the fining of the body this : morning. 9 4 Then it is pretty dear that the poison was administered by some individual in this house P* ?Undoubtedly. There can be no other theory P 4 Excepting oau/.I put in, nervously, and you will not be offended at my refer ting to it. Young ladies hare been known ™ors JJ®* to destroy themaelvea. Can it be possible that this is a oase in point f 'rHe sprang. 'Utonaienr Gamier/ he oried passionately, dismiss that idea front your mind at onoe. Jay daughter waa the banniest nirl in the pronnoe, and more than that, her firm religion wo old have led her to look npon ?nioidb as * deadly tin. 1 am willing to swearby the Almighty who made me that she who lien dead nystatin did not die by her own hand.' ' Oslmyonraelf , monsieur,' I said, gently, feeling mcioh sympathy for the heartbroken man, 'calm yourself, and remember that it is oily by oahnneas that yon oan aid myself and the polioo in arriving at the truth. We Will dhwnlss the theory of self-destrnotion, ? ®toooyo'uosy that such a oonreo was im poeaibte to your daughter, and we will re foltowa/ ^ po*uib'Ut'w' They are as .oa' be Bald, quljkly ; ' X am 11b have proved to our own satisfaction that your daughter hau died of a poison given her by an inmate of this house. It is hardly likely that any of the menial motion pf too household oan be concerned in the : xffair, and the housekeeper also is' apparently *™ye zumioion; This narrows down our possibilities to two persons.' I paused. He nodded to me to go on, and I continued :- 4 Those persons are Monsieur Emest, your nephew, and the other person your secretary.' * Deposable/ he cried ;4 Vautrin. the ®®®et*ty, oould have no possible motive Jumeflt would hrive a motive certainly, but d vonU shrink from suoh a crime.' We are men fly Awm— possibilities,' I returned, alow 'ly, 4 and the realm of such know, a large one* It seems to me, however, ijnat, even assuming one of these men is guilty, it will be impossible to fasten his gmit npon him.' 4 Whyf^ * Swely it if phun enough. You have two men in a h&iuse;, either of whom may have administsnGl a poiscn. How shall yon ftooh of thorn* two men it is f' u It is a terrible nntery* Moa Dieu J Wbsit is to be done , 4 Nothing oan be done, monsieur, ' I said, rising, 'until after the inquest had been held aud the poat-mortem examination made. Perhaps some little aaaUtanoe may be gained by saoh inquiry ; but I fear it will be very little. And now. with your permission, I should like to view the body.9 'He sighed heavily, and rang the bell. 4 Madame Blanohe shall accompany you,9 he said ; 1 1 have not the oourage. ?The housekeeper condnoted me to the ohamber where the unfortunate girl lay, and. going towards the bed. I- lifted the sheet whioh oonoealed the rigid faoe. And as I did so I uttered a low ory. 1 By some strange ooinoidenoe, the faoe waa the image of a oertain cousin of my ao quaintauoe — a young girl known as Julie de Meran— -who was studying at the Oonserva toire, with a view to becoming an actress. It is said that all men and women have somewhere their doubles ; the doable of th»e dead girl was my oousin Julie de Meran. 'As I gazed on the wonderful likeness, there rose in my brain a sadden inspiration. It flashed through my mind like lightning, and fascinated me there and then. Going hastily downstairs, after replacing the sheet, I returned to Monsieur Money's room and elosed the door. 'Monsieur,* I said, 'I have seen the corpse. And the seeing of it has given me a plan.' 4 A plan !' he oried. 1 What do yon mean ? A plan of deteotion f ' Aye. a pjan by wnion, if all goes well, confession can be extorted from the oriminal, and jostioe done on your daughter's as sassin.' 4 He oame towards me and grasped my hands. 4 Monsieur Gamier,* he said, in a voice husky with emotion, 4 do this, and you will have earned my. everlasting thanks/ * I will oonfide to you my plan,9 I said, when he had somewhat calmed nimself . 4 1 warn yon, first of all, that it may appear to you tbeatrioal in the first plaoe, and de seorating to the memory of your daughter in the eeooud plaoe. But 1 oan thiwfr of no other plan, and I leave it entirely to yon whether I shall go through with it or not.' 4 Whatever you suggest,' he returned, 4 shall be done. Let justice be thought of before all else. Tell me your plan.' 4 It is merely this,' I said, quietly. 4 When I looked on your daughter's iaoe & moment ago, I was struok by her resemblance to a cousin of mine— a young aotreas, WRa, Julie de Meran. It occurred to me then and there that I might prevail npon her to oome to this ohateau at midnight in a month's time, and to impersonate the spirit of your departed ohild. Taken to the apartments of the eospeoted paittes, the guilty one would surely proclaim his guilt when brought faoe to faoe at that weird hour of midnight with the phantom, as he would suppose, of his poor viotim. The admission of guilt once made, all details as to the purpose and method )f the crime oould be elioited, and taken down by me from outside the ohamber door. The plan is a strange one, but I think it is worth trying, and, more that, Monsieur Money, I think one other 4 And that is P* he oried, his eyes on fire with excitement.* 4 1 think,' I returned, deliberately, 4 that it will snooeed.9 4 There was a long pause. Then he spoke and the words came firmly ; 4 My friend,' he said, 1 the plan is a ter rible one, and to aid you in it will be an ordeal suoh as I have never imagined. But sinoe at the end of it there may be suooess, I say to yon, 4 Go on ' with your scheme, and may Heaven help you to discover the murderer of my poor little Gabrielle.' 4 Disoovering the culprit,* I made answer, 4 will be useless unless we oan fasten the guilt on him, and that is my reason for for mulating the strange scheme of whioh I have told yon. However, it is possible that between now and the next few weeks some other way of doing jostioe on the murderer will be found, in wbioh oase, of course, my fantastio proposition will be dispensed with.' 4 Be it so,' he made answer, after a pause. 4 It is now the 7th of Augost. If by Sep tember 7 the mystery is not cleared np, I will' telegraph to yon, 'Oome to Villefort,' and you will understand that the message is your authority to put your plan into action. *1 understand/ I returned; 4 And now let me give yon some instructions as to what is to be done in oase I am sent for. In the first plaoe, nobody is to know of my ooming; and, secondly, the keys of the doors of your secretary and nephew must be taken away so that their apartments oan be entered. The slightest obstacle in our way might upset the whole affair most completely.' 4 He assured me that these points should have his attention, and then we shook hands and said adieu. ? ? ? 4 A month passed. At ten a.m. on Sep tember 7 I received a telegram. It simply said, 'Gome to Villefort.* I knew then that the mystery was still unsolved, and that it remained with me to help to solve it.' 4 My Cousin Julie took in the whole affair immediately, and, so far from refusing her assistance, gladly proffered it when she she realised the importance of the issue at stake. It therefore came to pass that as the docks were pealing the hour of midnight on September 7, Julie and myself knooked softly at the house door, and were admitted by Monsieur Monoy. 4 Oome in,' he said, his hands shaking with nervousness whioh he tried to master. Oome In, and let ua get this awful scene over.' 4 At this moment he oaught sight of Julie, aud he reeled. 4 Merciful HeavenB 1* he oried ; 4 what a reeemblanoe. It is my daughter's living image.' 4 Hush !' I oried, fearful lest his voioe ought disturb the inmates of the house. 4 Hash 1 and let us lose no time. Oonduot us first of all to the apartment of your nephew.' * Ah 1' he oried ; 4 then it is him you sus pect F 4 Be good enough monsieur, to wait and see.* 4 We reaohed the apartment of Ernest Monoy, and found the door slightly sjar. The room was in darkness save for the moonlight, whioh oame fitfully through the blind. Julie, trembling slightly, but thor oughly oalm, glided into the room, and touched the sleeping man on the shoulder. 4 He awoke with a low cry. ? Mon Dleul It is the apparition of Gabrielle oome baok from the grave 1* 4 Yes ; it is I— Gabrielle 1* Bhe said, in a low tone ; 1 1 have oome baok to find who was my murderer.' 4 It is not II' he said. 'I loved yon too well, Gabrielle, to injure yon, sinoe your death I have tried in vain to find your assassin.' 4 It is well,9 she returned, in the same tone. 'Adieu.' 4 Money fell baok in a oondition, and Julie rejoined us. \- uur nro step waa to go to tne room ox the Secretary vautrin. Here a terrible soent occurred, for no sooner had the man's gase fallen upon the midnight visitor, than he jumped from his oouoh, and shrieked out : 4 Ah! God help me, have meroy upon me ! It ia the phantom of Gabrielle come back to haunt me since I took her life. Help 1 help! help!' 4 Be oalm,' said Julie, 'and tell me why you took my life.' 4 Do yon not knowr Torn away your eyes that they may not pierce my soul, and I will teU yon. That night— that awful night of August 6, do you not remember. I insulted you, ana you swore to tell your father, on his return, of the insult.' 'Foam web on his lips. He wiped It away, and went on, hoarsely : 4 1 knew that if your father heard of my behaviour, I was ruined. My position in this house was destroyed, and— worse than that— my proepeots blasted in the future. A Tuddep thought inspired by tfaeffiond mblo' to me, and that thought said, * Kill her, aud then riie oan do you no harm.' 1 4 Onoe again he wiped his lips with the sheet. 1 Go oc,' said the white-robed figure, 4 tell me all.' 4 All ! There is little m ore to tell. A year previously, a oollege friend had sent me some strychnine for experimental use in connection with a treatise I was writing on ohemiatry, and that strychnine lay in my desk unused. Going to the desk, I took the powder and emptied the whole of it into the milk-jug left by the servant on the tray outside your room, your customary drink in the nights. I flattered myBeU that deteotion was out of the question, for who was to know that I desired your removal f and ic seemed to me also that suspicion would fall on your oouBin, who would benefit by your death.' 4 You have no more to say f asked the quiet figure at the bedside. 4 No more. But, if you would not drive me mad, leave me now, and promise that von will return no more. For rather than be haunted by you, I swear that I will destroy myself at onoe, or surrender myBelf to the police at daybreak/ 1 There is no need for either of those acts, Monsieur Vautrin,' 1 oried, bursting into the room, followed by M. Monoy, 4 for the police will save you the trouble of giving yourself, up. You are my prisoner. I arrest you in the name of the Bapnblic on your own confession of the wilful murder of Mademoioelle Gabrielle Money/ ' He tried to speak, but words bailed him. His jaw dropped, Lis eyes started from his head ; if ever hopeless despair was written iu a man's faoe, it was written in his faoe then. He made no reaistauoo when I hand cuffed him, end submitted to being led away to the polios depot without a word. * His oonfessitin, taken down by me, and witnessed by Julie and Monsieur Monoy, was doly bronght up at his trial, and he was, of course, found guilty. He went to the guillotine, probably the first man in the his tory of Grime whose confession of guilt had been extracted by euoh means as 1 have re lated, and whioh means, I claim, were the result of the imaginative instinct whioh is essential to the suooess of the detective of to-day/ 