CENTRAL MISSION HOSPICE. WELCOME TO THE REV. A. R. EDGAR. The Rev. A. R. Edgar, whose name is in- timately associated with the work of the Central Mission Hospice— a branch of the Central Methodist Mission — was yesterday welcomed to the hospice on his return from England, after an eight months' absence. The approach to the hospice, which occupies what was in former times the barracks, and latterly the Parnell State school, though since June, 1898, handed over in part to the mission, was gaily hung with bunting, and the hall was filled with the inmates and some supporters of the institution. After a survey of the grounds and build- ing, which has been thoroughly renovated during the nine months' occupancy, Mr. C. P. Jones, superintendent of the hospice, ten- dered a welcome to Mr. Edgar on behalf of the inmates. He remarked that since Mr. Edgar's departure on 19th July, 1898, 496 men had had 9859 beds, and 57 women 1215 beds. The oldest man was 86 years of age, and the oldest woman 84 years. Meals to the number of 27,387 had been consumed on the premises; on Tuesday night 69 beds — the full strength—had been occupied, and during the day 182 meals had been given out. The work of the hospice had increased 100 per cent., and space was so limited that many had to be turned away. He also referred to a portrait of the Rev. A. R. Edgar, which was hanging on the wall, contributions towards which had been received from all classes of the community, including Chinese. The Rev. A. R. Edgar, in returning thanks for the kind welcome, said that he was thankful that the place was called a "hos- pice." They did not want the inmates to feel that this was a permanent home, but that it was a sort of ghost chamber where they could receive shelter, refresh- ment, friendship and love, as they were moving onwards. He hoped that they would go on as they had begun, caring for men and women who had broken down in the race, whose ambitions were at an end, who were hopeless and stranded, and let the hospice act towards them as a fresh starting point. The hospice was very far ahead of anything he saw in the old country. To a man who had friends, health, ambition, money, he did not know of a land under heaven more desirable than the old land; but he did not know of a more undesirable land under heaven than the old land when a man was in poverty. They were far better off here in poverty than in the old land. He did not know of anything there conduct- ed on this particular scale. He visited one institution when in England, and saw the men, lined up as if for drill, amongst them many very old fellows. At one end of the line was a movement where one by one they passed a trap door, at which a piece of bread, or something, was handed out. Such a system, he thought, was making their mis- ery more and more felt. At the close of Mr. Edgar's remarks votes of thanks were accorded to Mr. C. P. Jones, tlie superintendent, and Mrs. Gentry, the matron of the hospice, and the gathering dispersed. 