THE CENTENARY; OF THE O.M.S. On April 12th the Church Missionary Society completed the 100th year of its existence. The local organisation, the Church Missionary Association, which represents the Church Missionary Society, arranged for a series of meetings throughout Victoria. Missionary v sermons were preached in many of the city and suburban churches on Sunday, April 9th ; and surplus offerings were devoted to the Cen tenary Fund. On the following Monday and Tuesday parochial and district meetings were held at Ascot Vale, Prahran, East Melbourne, South Melbourne, and other suburbs. On Centenary Day, Communion Service was held at St. Paul's Cathedral at eleven o'clock, when the Bishop of Melbourne preached an excellent sermon on Psalms cxv. 12, ' The Lord hath been mindful of us. He will bless us.' Between a hundred and fifty and two hundred members of the congregation remained for Communion. In the afternoon a Missionary Exhibition was opened in the Athenroum Hall by Mrs. Howard Taylor, n€e Geraldine Guinness. Those who have seen similar exhibitions say that this was the best of its kind ever held in Melbourne. The attendants at the various stalls were attired in native costumes, and presented a very picturesque appearance. The attendances were very large from the first, and towards the end the crowds were so great that many were unable to Bee a large number of the articles exhibited. A public meeting was held in the Town Hall in the evening after a tea, at which fully eleven hundred people were present. The Bishop of Melbourne occupied the chair, and pointed out in his address that the history of the Society was a wonderful record of difficulties overcome, and walls and partitions taken away. He strongly recom mended the study of Mr. Eugene Stock's history of the ' One Hun dred Years.' They had in that a wonderful record of noble, self denying men who had gone forth at the call of God and of duty to make known His Word in all the world. But the centenary should be regarded not so much as a goal which had been attained as a starting-point from which more earnest ventures ought to be made. He- was thankful for the zeal and energy manifested in getting up the centenary celebrations, so that Victoria might show its sympathy with the great work going on in the old country. The Bishop of Ballarat said that meetings were being held that day all round the world to celebrate the one hundredth birthday of the Church Missionary Society. From a little meeting held in a hotel in Aldersgate-street there had grown the largest .missionary organisation (in the world. For its first three years the income did not reach £1000, and no missionary was sent out for five years. Last year more than six thousand agents were employed, and more than £300,000 raised, and twenty adult converts were baptised every day, The blessings which had been bestowed on the labours of the society were just the first fat drops of the glory that was coming. At the time of the founding of the society, Christianity was at a very low ebb in Europe. It was corrupted in the south, frozen in the north, and formally abolished in France. Dr. Johnson said that he had never heard of a religious clergyman in the Church of England. Many jjaLiBuca wbib wiuuuuo a, xjiuie ana wiinouu a scnooi. xne i3.Jr.u-. ana S.P.C.K. were in the field before the Church Missionary Society, but none of them would dispute that it had attained to the largest growth. The C.M.S. had absolutely declined to adopt any party terms. It had kept in view the great missionary work it had in hand, and had refused to join in the controversies of the past. It had shown also a generous feeling towards other missions, and impressed upon all its members that they should support the work of the S.P.G., and had worked harmoniously with the S.P.G. and S.P.C.K. The C.M.S. had its own principles to-day as in 1799. They were Protestant and evangelical. By Protestant he understood the rejection of Papalism as a working principle in the Church, which British Christianity could never take back again— not a Protestantism opposed to Catholi cism. It was also evangelical, a term' glorious and dear to many. He could not accept any definition of that term which excluded the wcrking.in the Church of God of apostolic order. He was greatly and profoundly in sympathy with the society, and prayed that God would bless it in the future as He had done in. the past. The cause of . missions was the cause of God and of humanity, and he prayed God to prosper all those whotook any part in the work, and to enable this good Centenarian Society to sow more precious seed and to see more abundant fruit. ,?'... The Eev. Arthur Storrs said the Centenary was a call to members of the Church of England to dp something for God — not for the society, but for Him who founded it. Some time since the native Church Council in Tinnevelly passed three resolutions unanimously with regard to the observance of the Centenary — First, that not one penny of the native Church Fund, which reached 42,000 rupees, should be used for buildings or the repairs of churches. From that day it was to be used purely for spiritual work. The second resolu tion was. that each of the thousand congregations in Tinnevelly should go out every Sunday afternoon accompanied by catechists or native clergy, preaching the Gospel in the heathen villages around. The third resolution was that, once a week, every congregation in Tinnevelly should have a special prayer-meeting for the outpouring of the Holy Spirit on the Church ; and he hoped, in a few months, to see that God had answered their prayer, and that there were men full of the Holy Ghost, and that the Church was awakening to dp its duty. . At the present time there was a visible Church in Tinnevelly of 85,000 worshippers, most of them gathered in from devil worshippers. Many of the leading men in the country were Christians ; and some low-caste men had beaten the Brahmins in their own sacred literature. He then gave instances of two or three remarkable native Christians, who, by their holy lives and devotion to the service of Christ, were doing much for the ' extension of His kingdom, and their number was increasing. Tinnevelly Christians were waking up to the fact that God expects them to give of their substance for His work, and he trusted that those who had so many privileges beyond their Tinnevelly brethren would give themselves and all that they had to Him. Mrs. Howard Taylor was the next speaker, and she dwelt on the joy of serving God, though it involved the loss of earthly substance, and even of life itself. Almost the whole of the audience remained until the end of the meeting, when the Doxology was sung and the Benediction pronounced. The collection, including promises, amounted to more than £140. On Thursday evening in Centenary week a special meeting for young men was held in the Chapter-house, at which the Bishop of Ballarat presided. Addresses were also given by the Rev. Arthur Storrs and Mr. Ormerod, one of the agents of the Australian Board of Missions, who has been at work among the aborigines in Western Australia. ? On Monday, the 17th ult., thanksgiving services were held in several of the suburban churches, and offerings devoted to the Cen tenary Fund. ? ' 