The Evangelical Succession.* This is the title of the Fernley Lecture of 1899 by the Eev. Thomas F. Lockyer. It is not intended, as the author states in the introduction to his lecture, to attempt a refutation of thedocttine of so-called ' Apostolical Succession' by ftxamining its claims .and exposing its assumptions, but rather, by presenting the alternative truth, to allow its own intrinsic reasonableness so to commend itself, and its beauty to become so manifest, that error shall have less power to deceive, and false glamour to attract. Mr. Lockyer does not make any claim to originality in respect of this idea but his treatment of the subject he has taken in hand is such. as to command the interest and hearty approval of his readers. The effect of the lecture on the mind of the reader is to produce a conviction that,, however high churchmen may cherish1 the figment of apostolical succession as the ground of their claims to authority, there is in the 'Evangelical Succession'' a more solid ground to stand upon — a* succession about which there can be no dispute, a spiritual lineage which is as well defined as it is precious, a ministry which has all the marks of apostolicity, and an authority which is demonstrated by its glorious results. In dealing with the subject the lecturer begins at the beginning, and tiaces the spiritual lineage of the children and servants of God to the time when in ' tbe early twilight of the world's day,' the promise of a 'deliverance that shall undo the work of death — a promise which must mean that wrathful cherubim thall bar the way of the tree of life no longer, but that life forfeited shall be re gained.' Then is traced the suc cession, as a result of the promised salvation, the righteousness of God through faith, indicating clearly that ' they which be of faith, the same are. the sons of Abraham,' and that 'they who hearken to such words of truth and grace as fulfil the promises and pro phecies of the earlier and of the later time are in the succession of God's righteousness.' In following chapters the author treats of the law, priesthood. ' and sacrifice, the ' carnal ordinances imposed until the time of reformation,' and the covenants of God — the great ' nature-covenant made with Noah,' the greater ' history-covenant made ?with Abraham,' and the covenant of righteousness made with Moses — the book of the covenant referred to in Deutereronomy. This triple covenant of God with man (which is still in force to-day) has been intepreted to men by ' His holy prophets which have been since the world began.' Time rolled on, but God was '' nob slack concerning His promises,' He did not repent Him of His purpose, nor fail of His covenant, but 'when the time was fully come, there was provided for those who were willing to receive it, salvation full and free. The Christian Evangel — the good tidings of great joy, which included in its message of peace ' the poor ' who have the good tidings preached to them, came at a time when the people ' sat in darkness and in the region of the shadow of death.' As the result of the good news of the kingdom of God, remission of sins was granted to all who believe, and a new fellowship was established, the fellowship of the Holy Ghost as ?well as the communion of saints. There is a good chapter on the preach ing of Jesus Christ, as contrasted with the preaching of the Church, as the only means of salvation; but, at the same time, it is the duty of the Church to make known the personal Saviour of men, and to warn them against all that ?would imperil their .faith in Him. While some are talking and boasting of a supposed ' historical contiunity,' the true doctrine of spiritual heredity may look backward, but first and supremely it looks upward. ' Look -up,' said Christ, ' and lift up your heads because your redemption draweth nigh.' The burden of his preaching was not ' the church,' but ' the kingdom ; ' and those that hearken to the good tidings and believe truly in the Lord of life and love are made ' heirs of the kingdom -which he promised to them that love Him.' The true ' evangelical succes sion ' implies that the one evangel does its illuminating work from age to age, the one gospel of salvation has come down to us through the ages, certified by all reasonable tests of history, and triumphant over all assaults ; and, by putting it to the test of faith, we enter, so far, into the succession of those who have received and believed the same truth. The evangelical succession thus implies a common heritage of saving truth, the abiding possession by the church of a common gospel, inspiring one spiritual experience among the members of the true church and the spiritual enthusiasm in the Christian ministry. The true spiritual lineage of the Christian ministry is, that those who are immediately called of God, and in whose hearts there burns the heavenly fire are in line, spiritually, with all who aforetime have been called with the same calling, and in whose hearts the same fire has burned. *The Fernley Lecture, by Rev. Thomas F Lockyer, B.A., may be obtained at the Wes leyan Book Depot, Sydney, price 2/(i posted. . Experiments in the application of serum in the treatment of diphtheria in Paris show that the number of deaths has been reduced from 2000 to 500 annually. * Eighty-four years ago the battle of Waterloo was fought. There are two, and only two, survivors of those who attended the famous ball the night before the battle. They are the Lady Louisa Tighe, born in 1808, and Lady Sophia Georgina Cecil, born in 1809. They are the daughters of the Duchess of Kich rnond, who gave the ball, and who was the mother of seven sons and seven daughters. The two survivors are the aunts of the present Duke of Richmond, who is 82 years of age. * * They say, throw a bit of alum about the size of a marble into a bowl of water, and wet the hands and face and any exposed parts lightly with it. Not a mosquito will approach you. Th- y hum about a little and disappear. 