W|$ jitatfijfajHipf* bTORI-TOSSED. CHAPTER XL Elswick Cemetery. I could not expect that Richard (should feel as I did. He had never seen our darling, never beheld his beauty, wor watched, as 1 had, the gradual unfolding of the little bud whose bloom and promise had been nipped by the cold frost of death. Yet there was deep disappointment in his face, and such a sorrow as must arise in the heart of a man who could see with his soul's eye the love that had come and vanished in ins absence, that had been as real as life and beauty could make it, and yet no more than a dream to him either. However, before my* father joined us, I had told him the story, had dried my eyes, and was talking to him about himself and his voyage, and smiling as he kissed me and told me to remember that we were together again. ' Yes,' said I, ' and we will remain together. You must take me with you next time. I am so lone now — even with my dear father — that it would break my heart to say good-bye to you again, and to remain childless and widowed as I have been.' As I said this my father came in. I believe he overheard the closing sent ence, but he said nothing about it until much later on, when, the supper-things being removed, and we being gathered round the fire, which father had built up until it not only looked like a fur nace but roared like one, he said. 'Dick, if yc have a mind to carry . Jess with ye to sea next voyage, she shall go.' ' Well, captain,' answered Richard, ' you know I have little heart to take her from you, and leave you alone in the old home. But she is very down spirited. Her health is not as it might be. I believe a few months at sea ?would make her hearty again ; and as for me there'll be no happier man afloat when I get her fairly aboad with me1' 'What do ye say, Jess? asked my father. ' If you can do without me, father,' I replied, 'I should like to be with my husband.' ' Be it so, then,' said he. ' We'll have no more palaver. . The thing's settled. There's no use in your stop ping at home if your heart's abroad, and, as Dick says, ye want a change. Besides, the pleasure of being with him'll be meat and drink to your spirits. Where are ye bound next, Dick r 'I shan't know until next week,' answered Richard. 'I heard this morning that the Phantasy is promised to Captain Gardner, and that there is chance of my getting command of a pretty ? nt-oie cupper oaric tuac was on the Weir not long ago by Laing. If so, my port will be Sierra Leone.' My father shook his head. ' The white man's grave, Dick.' ' The climate's bad, I admit, captain, but we're not going to live there.' ' Why, that's very true,' said my father. 'And I don't know, when all's said and done, whether it's worse than the West Indies, or the parts ye're fresh from. If ye go to Sierra ? Leone, Jess, ye'll have to carry a few -.:.'. dictionaries with je. I hear there's 'nigh three score languages spoken in Freetown alone. What's the name of : tho bark, Dick 1 ' 'The Aurora.' ' Another fancy name,' exclaimed lily father, again shaking his head. ' Why don't the}' leave poetry to the navy folk, and stick to the old Susan nahs and Mary Anns and Jemimas of my day? Aurora! How's a able seaman to answer a hail with such a mouthful as that behind his teeth ] I suppose she'll bp having good cabin accomodation 1 ' ' Sure,' answered Richard. 'Wood or iron, Dick 1' ' Wood.' ' That's a good job,' said my father, lighting a pipe and looking 'pleased. ' Wood was meant by Providence to swim, iron to go to the bottom. If ye'd have said iron, I don't know whether that and Seirra Leono put to gether wouldn't have put me against Jessie's going.' 'And what will you do, father,' said I timidly, feeling almost con science-stricken by the gladness his re solution to let me go gave me. ' Do ? ' he replied. ' Well, it'll have io be a break-up. Another shifting job, and the last one, I hope, in this world. I'll go along to Shields, and get ready a home for ye to settle down in when Dick and you have had enough of salt water.' He looked slowly round the room, letting his eyes linger with a wist ful expression in them, on the old curiosities which littered the side tables and side-board and chimney piece. ' It'll be a bit of a wrench,' he con tinued, 'but it'll soon be over.' ' Why do you wish to leave?' said I. ' It would make mo happy to feel as wo sailed home that we were re turning to this old house.' ' Think a bit, Jess, and the answer'll conic to ye. Here ye were born, my lass, and here yo'vo lived all you life. Fancy mo coining home and sitting alone in the room, hearing nothing but tho wind, and the clock ticking, and the lushes dropping out of yon grate? D'ye think I could bear it, with all the past standing like a picture before mo? No, no,' said lie, coughing to clear a .sudden huskiness out of his voice : 'when you and Dick go, I go. Vm not a fanciful liuiii, but there'd eomo ghosts to this house after ye wore gone that would keep me fretting as no wise heart will over let itself fret. X-ut don't yu mind about that,' lie ex claimed, with a sudden burst of forced cheerfulness ; ' I shall be right enough You take care of yourselves, and come back home safe. That's all ye need attend to.' Well as you may suppose, it de pressed me sadly to hear him talk like this. But then I also remembered that he had been a good deal away from me, sometimes never seeing me from breakfast to supper-time for days together, and that therefore he would not miss me to tho extent he imagined; also that at Shields he would have plenty of congenial society to keep him interested and amused. Besides, for whom was I going to leave him ? I should have little deserved the name of wife had I hesitated between him and my husband. Next day being Sunday, we three went to church and after service Richard and I walked to Elswick Cemetery to visit our baby's grave. That spacious burial ground is tolerably well filled now ; monumental stones stand thick under the shadows of the trees; and down the breezy open slopes — from whose summit you survey the Durham hills, with the Tyne at bottom winding its silver coil towards Blaydon and Newbum, and Wylam, immortalised in English story as the birthplace of George Stephenson — the soil heaves in billows with the furrows of inumerable graves. But in those days the cemetery was little more than garden land, with here and there a grassy hillock, or the glean of white stone amid the shady recesses, to de note its character. 'Our darling's resting-place was marked by a little cross, with that sweet sentence, ' Jesus called a little child unto him,' carved upon tho steps. It was a bitter cold clay ; the north east wind howled through the valley of the Tyne, and the flying sunshine flashed and faded upon the hills as the dark bodies of vapour swept across the sky. When my husband came to the spot- where our baby lay, he stood look ing a while without speaking, touched to the heart by the littleness ? of the grave and the sight of his and my name upon the cross, and the age of the lost one — 'Five months and one week.' He then took off his hat, and knelt down and said a prayer. It would have moved a heart of flint to see this sailor, with his hair tossing to the wind, his hands clasped, his eyes fixed on the little cross, praying at the resting- place of his child whom he had never seen, whom he loved, yet could only think of as a spirit. Never did death appear to me so great a mystery and miracle as at that time. [To Be Continued.] 