SUNDAY ENTERTAINMENTS. WHERE WILL THEY END ? "Screwauger" in the Gippsland Stan dard writes as follows :-Shades of John Wesley, what would'st thou say if thy ghost were " doomed for a time to walk the night" and list to the outbursts of applause, clapping of hands, and stamping of feet within the four walls of a Wesleyan Church on Sunday. A well filled church, a grand preacher, splendid orchestra and choir, including several professional vocalists. The audience clapped as if they were in the theatre or concert hall, and the crowd of Methodists or non-Methodists, seemed to enjoy themselves immensely. They also appreciated the splendid sermon, which a youthful writer to his Yarram friends describes thus briefly and pointedly :-" It was the best I have heard for a long time; straight out from the shoulder. Nothing Wes leyan about it, as I expected there would be. - The preacher made some good jokes in the pulpit, the congre gation laughing and- clapping heartily at every .fresh sally; but one about the Hiberian fetched them completely. A well dressed Irishman happened to come across a poorer fellow mor tal who was reading his bible very intently. "Why, Pat," said he ' What are you reading the Bible for, that book was only intended for the priests.' Then the answer came quick. ly but quietly. 'Shure enough it says here, read the Bible to your chil dren; and as the priests have no chil dren, I may as well read it to Biddy and my children."' This is how some sections of the church militant are at tempting to gather in vast multitudes for conversion into the church triump ant area. And with music, mirth, melody, mimicry and melodramatic accompaniment these "pleasant Sun day afternoon" people seem to consi der that any means whatever will be justified if the end they aim at is at tained. But if the True Socialist were to appear in our midst, as He did in the temple of Jerusalem with a'scotrge of small cords, would these intensely professing Sunday afternoon folks ex pect a thrashing from their Lord and bMaster, or a genial "Well done, thou good and faithful servant." Fancy dear, old Luther, Wesley, Calvin-and John Knox looking down from their well fought for and freely bes:owed heritage, on 'tother side of that narrow stream called Death, upon the building that is called the house of prayer, and finding its preacher indulging in broad farce; with hireling singers in the once select choir, " bringing down the house," in more ways than one to the level of a concert hall. This thin end of the wedge, which makes a breach in the sacred rampart or rift in the lute might suit the tastes of free and easy nominees of Christianity, but where will all this religious libertinism end ? Old King David said " Clap your hands all ye people, make the praises of God to be heard." But he didn't encourage subjects, priests or prophets to introduce a system of half and half worship into the grand old temple at Jerusalem, the veil of which was rent in twain in token of the sincerity of worship-even by the inanimate things ot earth. There seems to be a fashion plate for religion as well as for dress; but if thunders of applause are to be come part of the programme at. public worship, and jests from the pulpit a leading feature of the performance, the question that suggests itself to old-time followers of Wesley, Luther and Knox is-where will the line be drawn ten years hence, by sensational caterers for the public on the good old English Sabbath ? 