? Dairies,—Dairymen are reminded that their premises mutt be regi&terecl; immediately for (ho comiug year/ aD(j\:tii6se ; who have overlooked (lie matter will do well to attend to it at once, as they are liable to a -,. severe peiially for the infringement of the Act. Ocii Almanac.—The most favorable com- ' ; ments wetc passed locally regarding ilic Express almanac, which is, as stated by us, a distinct innbration here. We. may state that every description of printing can be > executed at the Expiiigs Office, which enjoys : an enviaole reputation for tasty, ueat work, at reasonable prices. The Australian Eleven.—Melbourne, Wednesday.-—In connection with the pbtsounel of the. Australian Eleven, nine eeriaintice have been picked as follows:—Darling, •' Hill, Jones (S.Av)j-Trumble, C M'Leod, . Worrall (Victoria),: Gregory, Noble, Kelly _ (SiSAV.).: 'H>e.rest-will be picked,after the match which takes place in Syduey on Jan- "" navy 26, when it "Will also be "decided^f they will take 13 or 14 men. " " \- " God Save TUB. Qceek.M—-A:ceriaiu pro- \- .fessor, a leading lightofhis University; wrote recently on a blackboard in his laboratory: • " Professor•;-—-—•informs his students that, he has ihis tiny been appointed hoiioraty plusician tu the Queen." In the course of •tiie morning he hud occasion to leave -the . .room, and tin returning found .that a-sludetit lad added the words. "God Save the Queen. 1 , S.—•'Spirits (ghosts) are reported tor be^^boniajord GnsIow'iwnaiiSion, Clarendon -There-are spirits to be seen daily ~veiy closo _toJtliis office, and should anyono allow themselves to be .possested of these spit its, snakes, iguanas, arid cormorants sip tbe result. Lord jOiisIojv iforer.ned Npw Zealand .for a THE Soptscrk % toiid- tlj- ii^li*5aimuai'meetirig^oi':tlH' SouiHKui Rifle AssociationfiiatssMoSsT^Viile: wjll BoW^ield -this j^eai'-in ^eojisegueuce :; JTarrow Escape.—-'Early on Saturday motn iiig as Joe- Stoyles arid two companions were driving from Little River to Braidwood they had a narrow. escape from serious injury. About four miles from Braidwood, the horse —usually a quiet one, commenced kicking, and after doing some damage to the sulkey, it bolted. Joe's companions were; thrown out, bnt escaped without any injriry whatever/ The horse continued on his tnad career.for about half a mile, kicking all the time; but fortunately kept to the road. At this point Joe mananged/ to pull him np, when it was found that. although the suIky ^ was :considerably damaged, the unwilling driver had escaped without injury Moore's Almanac,—We are in receipt of: a copy of Moore'6 Almanac and Country Directory for 189.9, from the publishers Messrs. George Uobertson aud Go .^who rnay aptly be styled Australian pablishfeKS. Moore's Almanac, which has now attained tlierespectabIeageof48years,hasfopniariy years been a household term in tbe country, but the 'present issueisin ujany i'espeits superior to any of its predecessors. The postal information has^lways been a spDcial featuro in Moore's but this has been considerably enlarged.. The railway informatioiu this year'; accompanied by a map, -is a' new' feature which;will render it rnore: valuable.' Thecouatry2directory,-c and.-.to wnship anithe.coiony, contains a large: fund of usefui .infoi'matioc. . It may", however, be. observed that in Some instances a l'evision.wonldlavgelyenhaneetheTalneof tliisveryusefulpublicatibii. mdnthlymeetiug ofthelbcalM " Truth j"?held, ou Friday n ight jm very pleasing duty.:devblved; upon the W.M., 1J. S. Grant, at the conclusion of the regular business. • He lia.d been -deputed by the Lodge St. Clair, Adelong,.to present a veiy handsome and elaborately got up address tc our postmaster, MivBray.„ In jt was stated that for many years,;.d u ring ld' of which he had acted as:secretary ; tPvMi Brother'Bray- had been an active :and?«onsistent;,inember of- ther- Order; and the floafishiug conditions of. his" late lodge:«as in nowsmall^measure'-due «tb' bis energy and. 'zeal ;in ... his secvetarial csind^in.Pipaddii^^BoneliidedstritliRlimi^ •good wishes to Brother Bray^aad bis;fam ily. We -learned incidentally that previous to bis - -leaving Adelong his brother -Masons pre-' seuird Mr. Bray wilh a-more tangible mark (if tbeir esteem thati the vfiry eulogistic address of which he is now tho possessor; Mr.'Bray having • suitably responded,' the. brethren- .adjourned- from . labor to refresbmentj iand sper.t a pleasaut aud ;soeiab!e evening. 'j:;Ojilsous';-rr:The- Leader^^.wriles.:; —A custom - has grown ^ awiongsto ;newspapei ' proprietors at. Ch ristmas ^itne - to w rite up the ^ar,iou» business .p'aces lhafrad-i vcrtise, thus giving a free " lift" to enterprising men. AU -our'exchanges -Ho lland ^ the lack ;of "-gOLr*»tTiat?charapterisessbusiness no i efei ence , n as made in the -local presB ^ " Shops at ChristmasiTime, 1 ' simply because • profess to he up to datef-hat in respect to-ad-- vertisitig they are the most/'obselete crowd on.tlie face of-flieleartb.' '•-Thfey- growl when people go to Sydney .for" supplies, but Ibey a"i'e : too cheesc paring. to spend a few pounds in lei tipg-the—pnblic - know "that therb are stores ib Ko»m» ^ ^ •malriiigiatBCw.. 1^ tented- and disobedient cleric and a 5«zen ' .old-wtitnenv:' Well Wend, and acid half aSflbzetj; •elderly maidens -of. small-but ir.dependejiV- imeaiisvivith^largelydevelopedscaudaiisiiig- notice in this issue It will he seen that the chpir of tl7e.l , l•csbyiel•iaIV;Chui'cll wiH:renl3el , a Eerviee of soug in tlie Presbytenan .Ghurcli ou Wednesday; lHhunaertheeoiiduciovEljip Grane's previous record, - tliis service will jje a real treat. Burst Out.— O.n Friday last ail unfort.inate minel'i ii^TOed. Bailey, . j working the ShGalharcii- River^liadtlie-vei'ysci'iouE-misfortanc of being bartit out, losing his all,i On going-to work he loft everything secure apparently; and on his retuvu shortly .afterwai'dEj-.foDiid liis liut, 'ivbich liail cdui-aiiiec! clothing, blaul^is, rations, a heap of ruins- So complete - was his loss that he had to borrow a paippf boots and other articles of clothing to enable him to come into town, liis case seems to bedeserviugof commiseri: tion. Mr. Jas. McDonald has kindly interested himself in tryiug to assist the unfortu- t nate matt. • ' . , SusbAivScHuai,Pit'SiLS-r^rhe-annnal,^^'^ in connection with tho Presbyterian Sunday : ^Schonl . ^vas lield iii Avliat.is familiai'ly known' as "Hogg's P.-idduek," kindly lent for (he occasioti :by H'c..Mi£se.s Hogg. The day was an "ideal onc.-for a function of this kind, and a grestmajority at lbs jcnugvec&twn.y-irit; their childreu, as well as ia fair sprinkling of other denominations took the opportunity of spendinga pleasant day. The RevC C; Crane, B. A., assisted by the gentlemen present, was indefatigable in promoting the enjoyment of the picnickers. The following ladies assisted Mr. Graiie, riot oiily bn lhc grouiidVbut itilhe"" catei ing line, «liicli to the youthful mind is the suin total of the day's : enjoytnent. Mesdaiiies Ciauoj Black, Hogg. McDonald, Mclu'nes,Aii'deVsoiij" Webster,-Tayibi;,/&geis;,. S. Rogers, McRae, .Jari)ianj:Wlnte,^ and -Boyd, and .^MissesiHogg Elsie Taylor. Messrs. W . Keenan, P. Le Maitre, and F. Sherman also sent .most liberal contributions. The usual 'games and pastimes "were indulged in until about .5 .o'clock, when tea was announced, after which the -gfinics,- iveref resumed, the picnickers dispersing about dusk, one and all having , the satisfaction of having spent one of the most pleasant days of llie kiiid bu .i'ecord. 