Religious THE BODY. By JAMES STALKER, D.D. "what? Know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own?"—1 Cor. vi. 19. Goethe confesses that when travailing in Catholic coiitttries where on the gables of houses and at the crow-roads hideous re praaeatations of the dying Saviour look down'oa the passer-by, be was disgusted and repelled. Goethe was right; but ha has toon followed by others who have gone to the other extreme, so that what Is called " 'the rehabilitation of the flesh" is an ar ticle to the creed of a certain section of Buropoan culture. Asceticism denied the body, too much ; modern culture indulges h too mirth. 1\. The honour of the body lie?, first, In this, that it is a bit of the handiwork of God. Row wonderful is 'the way in which the brain controls the nerves, and these In their turn the muscles, taad these in tfcelr turn all the movements of the body. In Ch? .rounded contours.and the swift move ments of the body 'there are capabilities of exquisite grace, and the face especially ha* .c&pabitHies; for thousands of chapes of mejjfng or commanding beauty. Just as the powers and plants of Bden wars mad* originally ail very good, but re quired the. cultivating hand of ~\Adani. »nd •<« ptsjpjts and many other Works of Ged require human culture in order to taityc. 'them to the-most'complete per fection, so does the body. The body re quires cultivation ; but is it not a splendid reason tor giving it this, to remetrtb.r that we are fellow-workers with God in «o doing, that we are carrying out His ideals and bringing His handiwork to per fection ? Another thing wherein the honour of the 'body consists is this, that it is the iakttspenseble instrument of the" mind. Although it *s not dependent for its ex- Utetice on the body, the mind is dependent on the body for its share in all that is done benrtrth the circuit of the sun. Ne glect'oTthe body' or ill-treatment of it may shorten We, or it may debilitate life, and make ft a burden to It* possessor. * Good "health, should be placed high among the ambitions of the yoaag as Tory desir able on Its own account, and still more de siraible on account of the dependence of the mind 6s' the* health of the body. What is science, what Is business capacity, what even is the'devotion of the minister or the missionary, without bodily hearth. There is a breakdown lik» the breakdown of the frame on'which <the cannon rest*, and, how ever high and true be the atan 6f life, it mssosß |fln». Ressiiaf hour* ttoWbfc, regular food, regular exorcise, as much fresh air and cbang* of air aa you can get in consistency with trua devotion to the serious aims of life—these will enable you to live all the days of your appointed time on the earth and to make your mark in the world before you leave it. 2\. But now let us look at the other side of this subject, at the dishonour of the body. I will pat its dishonour in two things. ' The dishonour of the body lies first in its tendency to usurp the place of the soul. The Bible divides the human constitution into three—spirit, soul, and body, and these it arranges in this order ; the spirit is upper most, the soul is in the middle, and the body ia undermost. But the body is always try ing to slip this domination of the powers that are above it, and become uppermost, and if this is allowed to take place, the whole life is turned upside down, and man is degraded. There are many tendencies of the time in this direction. For Instance, I am told that our great public schools, which one would suppose would be the very places in all the country where honour would be done to the intellect and ita products, athletics are being put before study. The boy who is captain of the cricket or football team is a far more prominent figure than the one who is dux lq the class, and eren assistants and master* are chosen upon their record in sport* rather than for their scholastic attainments. It that really be the case. It would bo difficult to conceive anything more calculated to con fuse, the mind and debase the ideals of the young, and blind them to the comparatir* ralues Qt different things. Then, secondly, the dishonour of lhe body Hes. in. the propensities belonging to it which, if unduly indulged, waste and ruin life. The body has a great many native pro pensities. <F6r instance, sleep Is one of them, and that is a kindly thing, beloved from pole to pole. Once In the twenty-four hours it visits every man, and it enables him to be gin the struggle anew with fresh power, and yet sleep always tends to encroach upon the hours that do not belong to it, and many a man is a failure because he sleeps too much. Thin very day in Glasgow there arc multi tudes losing their Sabbath because they have given themselves over to sloth and drowsi ness. If we are to have any high, serious purpose in life, we must master this ten dency, and we must master all the lazy pro- Densities v.-hich beset us. Another propensity or tie body 1* eating. We cannot live without eating, much less can we wwrfc, and there Is no reason, but the reverse, why we should not enjoy our food, and yet this propensity tends to be a snare and a temptation. Oluttony has in many acts been one of the vices of manklud, some rimes exhibiting Itself in very hideeuß- forms, fortunately It Is not a common'thing in our time. I am svrry the same cannot be said about drinking. This Js a propensity, undue indulgence of wkieh make* a black mark on our- age and on stir country. My people, there are many men who are not drunkards, and yet who 4riak far too much. They are always-at it, eras Hag te themselves an appe tite which k as-vsrr dtflcult to control, and when the vice of drunkenness) itself is de-i veloped, what could be a more striking in stance of the domination of the body over the mind ? The reason appeals in vain against it, the finest domestic instincts and the sanctions of conscience and religion are without avail. The man has disappeared in the animal, and it is almost hopeless to bring him back again. There is one other propensity of the body, that propensity which we call lust. There may be some hearing me to whom this In the question of questions as regards the body, to whom the -great straggle of the moral and religious life- lies Just here. Well. I am bringing it now under the sweep of wide gcneraltsatipn, and I think I may show you where the danger lies, and also where the i safety lies. It 1» said that'these aopetites are natural, and, being natural, they are meant for indulgence. But then it is just as true that the sovereignty of the con science, and the control of reason, and the force of the will are natural, and the very purpose for which these exist in us Is to control appetite. The horse, when it is held in with a firm hand in a tight rein, is a noble sight, tout if the rider x>r driver lets the rein slip' from his lingers, the very mettle and force of the brute are what lead to destruction. And so the very frailty of the body becomes the means of greater de struction unless it is held in by the superior faculties of our nature. St. Paul says, " I hold my body under," and every man must do that who is not going to resign himself to slavery and temptation. We are not go ing back to the asceticism of mediaeval times. If any man baa a purpose tv life on which he is seriously, set, and which he Is determined to carry out. success will crown his efforts only on the condition that be keeps his body in the place of a servant, and ' never allow* it to play the part of the mas ter. I have treated'this subject this afternoon 1 from low groWhdV«4n boHteftt it is contem plated Iron*groußa.*far«higt#r. ■when it is said that the body, is the tegnpte, of the Holy Ghost. I remember- once visiting a number of churches In Spain,/and their very dirti | n<es* 'was a scandal -and a sacrilege. Also I romember once. as I was Bt*ndlswtn the ifcag r ntflcent cathedral at Cologne, learning that Napoleon had stabled Ills cavalry horse* In its chapel, and the very thought seemed to darken and profane the whole place. Re spect your bodies, respect them even in re gard to meat and drink, respect them «>*>» In regard to cleanliness, because your body iis the shrine of the Holy Ghost. Sensual sin is bad merely against yourself, but what is it when we realise that it is against the Holy Ghost ? Tour body is the temple of the Holy Ghost, and if any man defile the temple of God, him will God destroy. Hay He help us to keep these bodies In wUch He dwells undented, pure, and clean. 