[?] .The M'Lean Ministry is formed. "Pali!" snorts our captious critic, who has been in Governments himself in his day, and ought to know. "Formed, indeed. It's what I call a malformation." This is the opinion . of . a large number of ambitious gentlemen who felt themselves to be amongst the many called, but find they are not amongst the few. who are chosen. Another gentle- man on the Opposition side was asked on Tuesday night, "What do you look upon as the most serious defect in this Govern ment?" "Myself!" was the terse reply. "But you are not in it, old num." "No. That is the defect." There never was a Ministry formed, and never will be one, without serious defects of this kind; and whilst sym pathising with Mr. M'Lean on the resulting "defections," I would console him with an apothegm from the lips of Sir Henry Parkcs: — "I never formed a Government yet without learning immediately after that the only men absolutely essential to the salva tion of the country had been quite over- looked." There were 10 men who sat behind the Turner Cabinet who met in an upper room in the city to decide that Sir George Turner's reign must come to an end. Four of them were old stagers who were in the Shiels Cabinet. Six of them were leaders of the A.N.A. party, three of them ex-presi dents of the board. The hostile resolution was drafted by one of the veterans, and the young, ambitious, expectant brigade of natives were properly grateful. "It was kind of them," said the spokesman of the young party, "to bring old experience to their help, and they hoped that their policy would meet with the veteran's apprecia tion." Then they went to the House and turned the Turner Cabinet out. The young party waited patiently to be sent for, but waited in vain; and when the first lists came out all the four veterans were in the inner Cabinet; a native, who wns not in the ten, was selected; and there was an office for only one of the six. The monkey, the ' cat and tiic chestnuts is a good game to play, hut it is just as well to make sure who is to be the cat before the game begins. Tliey were a little group of politicians in one of the lobbies on Thursday night, and they were discussing the position of the Cabinet. "What is the worst act that the Cabinet has done?" wns the subject of dis cussion. There were many opinions. At last one said; "Their worst net is the poli tical exaltation of the A.N.A. You see," he went on, "fully half the Cabinet are A.N.A. members, and each year one of them lins gone to the annual bnnquct and ex pressed his high appreciation of the great work and the masterly ability of the presid ing president. Then the presiding president has felt from that out that destiny had marked him out for a high estate. Now these young men make me tired." "Never mind," said another, as lie lit his cigar, "you have your revenge. Every president for the last four years in succession is in the House, and each of the four is voting against the Cabinet." "Why?" "Just because they are all trying to live up to the eulogies of the banquets. That was the sowing time of Ministers. This is the harvest." The Dawson Ministry in Queensland' was allowed a' short shrift. It practically went into office as Mark Twain went through the University, in at the front door and out by -the back. There is mighty little satisfac- . -tion in having been a Minister for about 70 hours, and mighty little of anything else. A ; .Ministerial salary of. thousands a year Amounts to nothing in particular if enjoyed for tnvo'o'r thrde 3Sys only, and Mr. Day?- son and his colleagues come out with 'noth ing but the privilege of being able towrite themselves down "honorables" on their lug gage for tlie rest of their days, and that is poor comfort to a Labor member, who would probably lose his seat if caught avail ing himself of the distinction. I sympathise with poor Mr. Dawson and his friends, they were not given a ghost of a chance; the ac tion of Sir. I'liilp is like that of the gunner who shoots a hare in her "form"; it may be good policy, but it is disgustingly bad sportsmanship, and Australia respects the latter principle most rightly, I think. Sydney antis have plucked up courage. The worm persistently trodden underfoot by the democratic sentiment of Australia lias found spirit enough to turn again, and the enemies of federation ask for subscrip tions to assist in placing the anti case be fore the Imperial authorities. Tliey talk of a "reaction" in Australia, as manifested in tiie rapid fall of the live Premiers who were in the forefront of the federal fight. Not in one instance iiad federal consideration anything whatever to do with the casting out of an Australian Government, but the coincidence is so remarkable that the anxious anti was certain to endeavor to score off it at home, where, in the absence of intimate knowledge of our affairs, the upsetting of Rcid, Braddon, Dickson, King ston and Turner might- be made to -look like a wholesale condemnation of the fede ral idea. In fact, the federal babe no longer needs wetnursing, it is -strong enough to look after itself, and the fate of a few- of the late Ministries is due in a measure to the public consciousness of this fact. The Gov ernments hove fallen, not because the people are afraid of federation; but because they are certain of it. The respectful atti tude of the new Governments towards fede ration is an eloquent refutation of tineas— sertions of the antis. The heads of the spending japttnents who have had experience of plfe/MfLeatV will hardly welcome his comiifcoitilo officer He sat for many mouths as a ratrgjMiment committee, sifting the items of clfeHeutUture with a patience all his own, and wTrtmJiui, lists were submitted to Sir George Turner there was hut little more to be said. There was one head of a branch tvho had many men under him who had "allowances" of many kinds. The head had an "allowance" himself. Mr. M'Lean was pressing for a reduction, and named the sum that he thought fair. The official protested. At last, with a happy thought, he said: "Sup pose we split the difference," and smiled. The Minister looked thoughtful, and began to write, and the official looked pleased with himself. "I am glad you only took half off you mentioned," he remarked, as the sitting closed. "Oh," said the Minister, "I wiped off the allowance altogether. I wanted to be generous, but I found that we couldn't afford it," and the crestfallen official went out. There has been a strike at Pentridge. On Monday last the prisoners threw down their tools and went out. They did not go out literally, of course, there being a regulation at Pentridge directed against promiscuous wandering on the part of prisoners. It iB satisfactory to learn that the strikers de manded neither shorter hours nor higher pay, from which we may assume that the lodgers are quite content with matters as they arc in those particulars. The strike was occasioned by the common, not to say inferior, quality of the food supplied. There has long been an impression abroad that they do not keep a good table at Pentridge, and this belief lias militated against the popularity of the establishment in certain qunrtcrs. The prisoners have confirmed the popular suspicion, and struck agaiiiHt the bread. The. skilly, it uppears, is good enough as far as it goes, but the daily hrcad is objectionable to a refined taste, and the prisoners want it whiter and lighter. It IB one of the serious objections to a long residence in Pentridge that you cannot have everything you want, and the prisoners have had to knuckle down. They asked for bread, in fact, and were given a stone; and, as if to add insult to injury, thoy were com pelled to knap the stone. Those Boer women who, just before the outbreak of hostilities in South Africa, were said to be industriously engaged in rifle drill have shown the quality of their prac tice at last. During the fight at Graspan, wc are told, a party of Lancers encountered a band of women oil a farm. The women were armed with rifles, and opened fire on the Englanders, and succeeded in killing one unfortunate soldier of the Queen. If the Boer women are going to make a practice of this kind of thing, it will be necessary to call for volunteers amongst the women of the British Empire who can handle a rifle, and would dare to do it in the face of a foe. I have no doubt the Empire could raise a fairly formidable nmuzoninn regiment to deal with those South African dames. Men in the position of the unhappy Lancers at Robe's Farm could do nothing but grin and bear the fire of the petticoatcd foe, but a regiment of their own sex would not hesi tate to reply in kind in defence of the lives and limbs of their husbands, sweethearts and brothers. After all thoso Melbourne nurses might have been very useful in South Africa. The Boer women probably know they can presume upon the gallantry of Mr. Atkins, and it is brutally unfair to leave him open to the attacks of the fair. ATTICUS. 