The Passi&ust; Mission. An Enormous Congregation. A PROFOUND DfSQUlSmON. St. Mary*# Cathedral presented a remark able and memorable spectacle on Sunday ; evening last, when Fathrr Clement, who has been oonducting a mission for the piet ten day#, in connection with the Holy Order of : Pasaionist Kathera^was announced to deliver, perhaps, the most Important of the impor tant series of orations in connection with the festival The eight of the eta'ely edifice, over flowed with an immense congregation of somewhere about one thousand people, was one that will prove memorable in the annals of Armidalc Church history. The Very Rev. Dean O'Connor first celebrated the Vespers in which the choir participated with finely ren dered items from the masters. The densely packed body of the Cathedral, and the equally packed galleries, proved utterly inadequate to thecal! made upon them; the altar enclosure, and even thecacristy and antechambers, be ing crowded with the overflowingattendanoe. Father Clement chose as hii text the ICth verse of the 2't Chapter of the Gospel of St. John. " It has been the marvel of those who are not in accordance with our tenets of ! belief,1' said the Bcv. Father, " that so sub limely simple a faith in the powers delegated to the Fathers and priests of the Church should hold the irresistible sway it does over the minds of the children of Holy Church generally, as well a* over those who can claim authority in every realm of culture and advancement. This faith, simple indeed as sublime, has raised the : query for many centuries, why is it that it not only exists, but serenely survives through storm and calm, and wards aside the attacks of calumny as easily as it scorns tin snares of sophistry?" Why ie it? Let us ask our selves. Let us consider the sacred origin of those seven sacraments wliioh have endowed Holy Church with tho splendor of her spiritual prestige on earth, and, in their divine origin, let us not ooly renew our faith iu them, but. further, buttress that faith behind the impregnable ramparts of God's holy word. In the verso which -I have cboson, Our Blessed Saviour implicitly states to bis dis ciples that ho, being one with the Father, gives unto them the power of binding or loosening all things on earth. What were those disciples ? Were they not the first priests unto whom the worldly direction of God's Kingdom on earth was committed1: Will anybody, no ..matter what be their dogma of belief deny thatV Therefore, he that olairns to believe in the Holy Scriptures can not but admit that fact, or else reject the whole Bible at once. But the occasion when Christ uttered the portentous words of the text, lend additional authority, andspeoial sufemnity to their meaning. He was no longer man. His purgation, if any such"* were needed, had already been effected on Colvary The disciples were sitting in a closed chamber and Our Saviour suddenly appeared before them as he had been some days before, though they knew bis mortal body lay withio the silent tomb. Imagine suoh an experience yourselves as tlut which the disciples n&L; Imagine the* full presence of a dear one whom you had seen quietly inurned appearing before you as .he or she had bu1 a few short days before appeared in life .1 Toe terror of the experionoe would be awful, that the grave should ope its ponderous and marble jaws to send us such a visitant! Naturally the disciples were torrifiedi hut, the divine accents that stalled the stormy waves <>f Galilee soon soothed : thorn into peace It was then, Christ 1 delegated this awful power into the hands of his priests-or as they were then called \- his disciples. Breathing upon them He said ** Receive ye tbe Holy Ghost," whose sins ye shall forgive on earth they shall be forgiven in Hoaven 1 Hero then is that divine delegation—, that primal authority under which Christs di*oipics of to-day—the priests of Holy Church, claim to forgive those sins which weigh upon the erring heart; here is that power, humbly received and humbly exer cised, of cleansing the oppr ssed soul of its weight of mortal sin and moral malady. " But who can forgive sin but God P" say the enemies of Holy Church, or those who know not the divine authority of her doctrines. Did not Christ give the power to his disciples ? And did he not say. " The Father and I are One P Could Christ the man fnro-i v*' niJ Ho not forgive ? Did He not show His Godly power by forgiven, sb and by miracles ? And if He could forgive as Christ the man, does it not provo that He could transmit or transfer the p >wer so given Him. To deny the one proposition is to deny the whole Soriptures, and to deny them means to deny God him self. -> The Reverend Rather then wont on at length, to quote the various passages of Sonpturo which corroborated the contention, interspersing his discourse with many massy arguments and examples, and he concluded by an impressive appeal to all, to bo not satisfied with even his convincing words, but to further satisfy themselves by studying the matter for themselves in the dispassionate spirit of a desire to loam the' truth, and so base their belief upon the Rock of Ages. The Very Rev. Dean O'Connor then con- . eluded the service, and.thus ended one of the most memorable events known to Armidale | since the Church has been established fibre. 