PAR LI AM E rNT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. THURSDAY, Otli JULY. The Speaker '.look 'the' i'lfftlt lit 4.30 p.m. METROPOLITAN, BOARD' Of YVOIUvS BILL. .- Mr. GRAY moved the second reading ot it bill lo amend till' MelliournO lihd Metropoli tan Board of Works Act, Members, lie said, .would recognise In the bill nn old friend. Mr. GiLLIES: Tluls bill an old friend! Mr. GRAY:' It lntd Been tlireoor foWl- times considered by the House, , and oii'two pcfiii- slons passed. The bjii jvua precisely,. the same lis last- .year, with, one 'c.vceiltioii— clause 7, dealing wlhhi the salary - of the chnlrihrtli ' of the Metropolitan ' Boiird: of .Works, had been o'mltted: 'Thb bill was con fined to the question of' the'niembors of 'the board bollig directly .repreientLuPby 'the rate payers. The reasqii fof leaving, out ejiiuae. 7 was that'It )yils doiisldcrod. uuilcfsjrable. to cloud the Isslie d'l I'll iiilyllilu'iS iU dqiMc'etloii with the chlaripuids salary., . .111,181)0, Yylilrn the Metropolitan' Board of- Works Bill,, was under consideration, the, dlt'eet election.. of- the meuiiho'ts by' the people was scarcely, cou:. side-red, although the member for Port lalry (Sir itrynh O'Loglrlen) thought It wan .desir able to provide (or (be direct election of tile uieuibers whell/tbe'Iiowersbf-tbe board were extended. -The Metropdlltiiii Beard now dealt directly With the rrttephyers lit the collection at-, tile rates and Hie , sewerage without going 'to the' municipal councils lit ajl, anil thBRToib' tbc ratuiiiii'efa shobld'b'e directly represented. " Mr. MOUlVll oonlendcd lluit- there was suf ficient elieelt Upidh the board lit the present system of eleetiion.' -It might be said-- that a great dmU bf'Uiismnmigement had ocaurred.- (Hear, bear.)' ' - . " Mr. STAUGHTON : Who. can prove- It? Mr. WdLKlNS: -It. 'would not be, much trouble to prove It. -- . . M u - ' Mr. MOUL13: Until tlie charges-wore su'b- stautlated, iio ehange should, he made, In. the, board's edu'stltutloil, .. , Mr. TRENW1TH said 'the ' the tuber for Brighton1 nppoivfbff to: think' fhdt there "Wit's a strong reason fur eolltlnhlng the prcsoht system of-eleetlod; litit thete was u- luucli stronger t'easou for 'the uleliibCrS- being selec ted by the it'll Ole Of the lutepyors. (Heat,, hear.) If the electors. were apRonled to there would be a .cliii'nbe of getting better men anii' iiiore (liiifilble iiieii. - . Mr. MQULia": Yon gbt tliq best men now. Mr. i'REN\VlTii!'"No; tie got Hie little llioii. clctlted by the little, wiirds, itiid elected very often on some ;<i'uiastIou about the pavlbg of a right of wpy. br the position of .ii lainp. It was almost ". Inevitable that In. works of such - - magnitude us ..the sewerage ot a large metropolis there would be blunders mid mistakes. No doubt the beard Had made as many mistakes as other people, and. .probably many more; but the real rcesoil for tlijs bill was flint the members were not elected by the people; "A -man who was gopff. enough to. represent part of a municipality might not be suitable for the larger work of this hoard; and the pre sent system ptaecd-on- the board-men who- had not tbetqualIflcatlons .they ougbL to have. Mr. ZOX-knew of-no' demand for- the change) aUd be dpuhted whether It would produce any better men. . Mr. ANDERSON 'Said the board r was com posed of tbe.'eboseii of. the chosen,, and no bettor uich coilld be obtained bj- difecj: elec tion by the HithliayerS. Thby illl kiie'w that at the mbnldlphl elnfltlefis . tliei;e was a scramble for 'the position, (ind .tlie bpst. qien did uoit ulWnys get In. (licnr, licnr.) That was thb base even with' regard to piembera of this House. Mr. -CARTER was not awilre of diiy reason for the blji, cxbOpt that if was -catchy with unthinking -people to.be told that they were gbliig to'gbf soiuethlbg- they hail -iiiit got already, 'aiid the presence of the liom nieiu- ber Ju Chnrjie .bit the bill- led him to think . there nlust. 1)6 it lot of uuthiuklug.-peoplc Id rrahran:- - . , - - Mh GRAY: Tliat ls not a fair charge against yoiir old -constituency. (Lilugh- ter.) Mr. CAltTER: But It was a long time ago since I represented u district. In - which rralirnn was a portion; and that, portion- Steadily and- consistently. YOteil ngalnst mc: Mh TRENWITH: ThUt- . Showed . how, thouglitfiil-andadlscrluilniltliig. ..they, .were; (Laughter.) >' '' Mr. CARTER: If the;prlnBlp|e-of.elcctlonm by the ratepayers- werbigoddiJoctlilq.hoara. it would' be -good -for; rarUanient.- 'nud-'the Governtnent ought to he cleeted-by the fclec- tors. Mr.- TRENWITH: But ,wd do not elect the Government: v - ,' Mr. CARTER: The: Hotisa tncltlyi-elccted. the Government: because iiultfffc the' House was satisfied the Govoi-nmcut -could not re main In nfDcc, ' " - - - 1 . ; Mr. GRAY': Well, yon ought to .know. Mr. T:- SMITH Knew of ebUUelllot-s elected for a ward who would certainly not bo elected X6r the whole municipality. .The ap proval of nn entire municipality was a very dlffererit;'hiiifctcr'. from the gobdl oplUloli of the Seven .or eight geiltlcnieii who sat to-1 gether at the coiiilcti table and' got to like each other. "Any old --woman could be elected to represent the City Council' of Melbourne-. This change was asked for by 'several ills; trlcts. It might net do niUbfa good ; certainly it would do no harm. : ' Mr. M'KENZIE considered- that' there should be direct representation rnf and direct responsibility to the ratepayers. Mr. MOULE: Bacli councillor- Is li rate payer. Mr. M'KENZIE: Yes; but I dare bay that some members would occasionally -'-prefer ' '-to- be Hiobe resjloilfilllle to tills Cliniiiber than to their constltuoncles; ' Mr. GAIll said tliht "there was not the slightest dOubt that the municipal councils were the relle'x of tlie people.'.'-' If the. hill , lie- came law ntemliurs of tile board woiiid In' no avny be responsible' to' tlielr e'oiinclis. Mr. R. M. SMITH was gf opinion that the measure woiiid achieve no practical oliJOct. Mr. MALONEY bbseryed that no .master how keenly alive representatives we're to- their duties, they would perforin those, duties with n keener aiipreeintlon' of their -Import-' aiicc If they wC're, directly' responsible to the people. By ati hlterntloii In the system of election, ratepayers would b'c led to take a keener lutero'st in the iloliigs of the hoard, of which at present they had l>ilt little knowledge. " Mr. J. HARRIS said Hint ho had hen'rd of no scandal in cohneetioi'i with the Metro politan Board; and lie eould- see lie; Advant age In aitcriug lii'e' system of clcetiiig It's members. . " ' ' Mr. WILKINS observed tlint lis the'-hohrd .was at.presc.nt fiou-stitulod: the . repfeseiitiii lives of outside shii-es often voted for the expenditure of large sums of money, hnil the taxation of- people -within - tlie Inner area, when neither they 'nor their constituents' hail to contribute towards "tlie on'tlny. Tlie ad ministration of the hoard wns'uiiything biit satisfactory; Gblllngwbod Drift two repre sentatives, hnd vcry ofteii they voteft aguliist caeli other. ; - Sir JOHN M'lNTYREr.'Theii.-'you sliohrd pass a vote of censure,' on' yourselves for cleetlug theiri; . ; Mr. WILKINS: If members of the 'board were eleeted directly by the ratepayers, they -would not lie able to obtaln thclr seats'thcre without opposition, and would, bettfer repre sent the. -will of tlie' pcopie. - Mr. METHVEN said that lie bad not heard a single argument that would, "lead him to. n vote in favor of the mensure. S -Mr. HANCOQK snid the board's ilio'de of I procedure had created' widespread "dlssatls-1 faction, and he thouglit the fritepayers a should have the right of direct Tepreseutn- | tion. Miioh of the' 'bad work was done In H camera, rind the ratepayers -had great dlffl- » culty -In, ascertaining who -were, rerilly ro- 9 sponsible for it. He was opposed to the H creation of such a large-board. It had enor- H mous powers, and ihiglit Indulge! In. rOckless nj experiments. ' Its members could give them- H selves over to an expert, ivho after all might H not be an expert, and might only ho. gaining experience by his mistakes. Most- of the H 'Harbor Trust Commissioners were -blected H by the ratepayers, and members .of the: Me; tropolltan . Board of Works should .-ulao- be. elected by those whose mouey t,hey were W spcridlhg. Hj Mr. GILLIES wished to point ,'o'ut: thrit the H board was dolbg a work ivhleli iio_'G6voru- nient would undertake/ In all parts of.' the world the locrii governing bodies- nudrirtook the loeal: works. j .' B Mr. HANCOCK: Eleeted by the, rate- H payers. B Mr. STYLES: In Sydney and Adelaide' the B works are constructed by 'tlie.Gov'eruiiic'ut; ' B Mr. GILLiES: -It was only nftei- lohg 'Con-' MB slderatlon he cauie'tn the conelusion that the IB local bodies interested : should henfrthe re-- B sponslbillty of the Work;' , and Rliose ioeai bodies now selected the best of tbelr.mem- . bers to net. oii tile board; " H Mr. tVILKINSi lioW Is It that scyefr!nre MB able to do the Work In Now. .South Wales? ' H Mr. GILLIJ3S -coiild oiily- say. that-, at ilie H outset of the scheme he made, .vcousiderablo Bj reduction I li the huihber of 'members SiigSdS- |B ted- No doubt the 'time woiiid -come ' "wlieiv |B they would see the necessity for rediieliig Bj the number of meiiVbers -1t lliey Wiinted' to B| set through with their big work'.. : Mistakes gfl nad been made by the hoard no doubt, but crr was liuniaii, aiid he shojilb'.bo sorry to Jjfe any alteratlon ln the mode of election. H There was no jnstlflcatlon fiii- putting aside the men at present holding ofhcc. They had ''seen tlielr errors, and -If nnyoue could cure them they -would euro them. Mr. AY1LK1NS: They are afl trying to hide their errors, New .men would expose tliein. Mr. GILLIES: That, was not a new thing, even In the 'Legislative Assembly. They could'iiot get bettor work, done by direct re- ,preseiitat:Iou than, uuder the, present sys tem., ,. . , ... . , M r. J. B. TUCKER contOadod tlint the people wlio paid the' rritcs Should have the right to, select thclri' representatives dli-Octly, ' Instead; of i-epresenlntfon by proxy. The hill didiiiot go far enough," because some ru- mulieintlon should. he. given, If only the ex- p'erisds of election' for tlie - 'enlarged coi'istl- ttleiieles which would have 'lb he polled to 'carry out the prluelple. As the Harbor Trust coinmlsslonei's were remunerated, the munihei-s of tills, 'hoard riliould also receive some remuneration. The House dlvldcd oh'tho second rcrtdlhg. ' Ayes"..- .. .. .. .. 34 . Noes' v. .... Hi : , .Majority for the hill .. ... .. ... lH !...'! ' '' r; AYES; ' Mr. Dalles Mr. Isaacs, 1. A. Mr. Smith, T. ' Ik-asley .Isaacs, .1. A. Styles. Bromley Ketincdy " Toiltchcr Cook Miilonoy Tremvith Deiikin , M"Son, .1. W. . Tucker, A- b. Dyer . . M.' Arthur Tucker, . I. B. Gralinm" ' " M'KbnzIc Sir GI'Tlirncr ' ' : 'Gray. . M'Lcatr . Mr., Turner . ' lliitnilton Moloney AVntt .-Hancock-,.- l'cnebck, ' White Harris, A., Songster'1'' Williams, R. . Biggins .. -NOES.- ' Mr. Anderson Mr. Gair Sir J. M'Intyre Austin ""-Olliles - Mr. MiLcod-, Chihicron -. . Graves - - - MctliVcn Carter Harris, J. Moulo. .Olllrnsidd Keys Thomson i Craven Langdon Wheeler .. „ \- Duffy Miidilcn ' ./ Zox. " ' ,Tlic bill whs rend lli'e third time and pnSsqd tlirmigh'till stages. . . - ' - r. ... TMUNicii:'AL'ivALUA'r4oMS BILL.' ' . Sir;- T; S-MI-TH moved ;tiie second rending of this measuro.; The 'effect of the bill was that, If, by reason of. a lire or other circuin-. stance, tlie'valitiitloii -of ii part of it iiorotigli,; ward-brshlre 'Tldlng-':fd(jti'lred to bo read justed, tihe value of The property-' or proper- lies alteetod'inlght lic'riHSessed Wllhoiit -a rer valuation -being Iilnde-bf'tllu whole niunlelpnl district-. 'This ciiitld bc done n-t present) but tlie. bill wmild inalto; the, necessary proceed ing"' simpler riiid less- expensive. ' : . . " Tile hill Wad -'rend - a second time, aud passed itiirbugli" Its remillnlng stages.'.-- : GEELQNGi'.'M llidH A-NI OS' INSTITUTE . . bill. - '. \- -Mr. GURR, 111. -moving the second rending, ot tills, measure,' explained that It. was de-„ sired- to -lueorporrite the Geeloiig.Mecliniiles'. Institute, -so that 'It. ililglit .have ..power, to; raise liiouey to build a new -hall. The ptc- soii£-tltilo of -the land ocObpied wns a Oroivn grant for certain. purposes, rind It was now fiitther desired that- the, lnnd should he suli-., hlltthd to public .auction) so that the insti tute might purchase. It;- . \- The hill was read , a Bee-olid time, and', passed through its reiiinlnlng stages. KERA'NG SHOW Y'ARDS SALE BILL. , Mr. GILLIES, for, Mr. M'Cbll, moved tlie second reading of a' bill to provide" for tlie sale of Hic Kcriiiig sliqiy yai-ds, w that' the money ' exive'.iided by. the' trustees liilght be retui-iied ,tb tliem, and tlle balaiiee pald lntd .the Treasury. > ' ' . 1 . ' ;!',.r . The hill was read .a' soeoiul 'llnie, and \- passed through Its remaining stages. ' ; LGOAL GOVERNMENT AGP FURTHER ' -AMENDMENT BILL.,,. . . Mr. BAILiiS moved the second reading, of Jt.hEl to- further aiueiid the Locur Govern-, liiciit Act lS'JO. The -.object of the mensure \vas 'to .ciulbie -shire couiiclls to make Joint regulation's' with either city or borough conn-, ells' for regulating eab traffic between the . municipalities' interested. The hill was read a Second time and' passed, through It's remaining stages. , INDECENT RUB LI CATIONS BILL.. . Mr. COOK, In movlng-.the second- reading of the Indce/.'ut off OUseetle Advertisenieuts Broblbition Bill',- said lie had endenvored ,to ' roilicdy the . objections' to tlie- bill which wore raised ivhcn It was -before Ihe -Honse.. As' It's title- liidluiited, the ehlef.-alm.ot the . tiieiism-e was 'to- restrict the publication of iiidecoiit or obscene advertisements, rind lt- wotild bring the eoloiiy liito line with South; Au'strali'a, CJueolislnnd and New Zcatrihd, ou , the "subject. To meet objections raised by tlie ' News -Agents and Booksellers'. ; Assoela- : Hon. as well as by Certnlu members of ,the: . 'medical society; lie had. provided tlint no- . iiroseeutloil. should take place -without the written authority ot the. Ohl'et Commissioner, bf l'ollee. ' Tile 'C3IIIEP SECRETARY said tlie nion- siife', '"subject to slight -amendment, bad. the support of tlie Govoi-iilneiit, arid if the- hen. 'ili(!inliev for East Bourkc.BQrouglis.hnd not tARoh'ljt lii hnud.tivQ sesjlous:ig:p-theyAhonld . iiave,mnde It ri Government measure)' ' It' whs: highly desirUlile tlint srtine restriction Should lie -placed on the publication of- Inde cent advertisements. - : Mr." SALMON, .pointed out that advertise, meiit's of ! the" "class ' referred to had disap peared from the"' metropolitan . press; 'al though still to- be found in country news-: prijVors. ' ' "' ' ' " The bill was read a- second time and com mitted. . .. . \- 'On' clause 4, Penalty- for Printing, Ac., lu a' lieivspapcr any" InUecent. picture/or nilrer-. 'tlscnicnt, ' — - V:' ; Tll'c CHIEF SECRETARY. moved the ad dition of words-'innklilg It Illegal to send such 'newspapers through- the post; - : The amendment- WaS' agreed - to. and/ tlie clause passed; ; i -- On elauso 5. Penalty. -for prlntlng-.or. pub lishing, &e;, Indecent -picture - or advertlse- 'mo'iit;- ' -. . >y ! The CHIEF SECRETARY moved ail, 'amendment similar to that proposed by lilin oil clause <1. The .amendment wns agreed to and the clause; passed; " . s- 1 On clause S, rolleo only to prosecute, ; - 'Mr. COOK moved ii proviso tjint prosecn- tious liiiist be authorised In writing by the- Clilef Cbinmlsioiier of. Police. - - v : The 'amendment was agreed' -tor ;> 'Mr. HIGG1NS moved nn addition, requir ing 'that each prbSeciitlbii inilst he specifically authorised by it Be commissioner.' ' - " ' " ! The nmendnieiitwns agrOcd to. The clause was passed. ; ' ' ; The bill was passed through Its remain-"- ing stages. " - ELECTION DEPOSITS ABOLITION" "' . ; '.; ;; BII<L. ' (" ; '! . .Mr. MALONEY), iiibvod the second reridi'ng of n, bill to' riliolisli the iieposlt of fflO by candidates for eleetloii.lci the Legislative. As sembly. This colony required till; lrii'gest de posit in the world,, in West Australia .the deposit wna £25; Qneeiisiand £20; New Zea land .£10; while Tasiiiiiiiiri. Sdiith Australia nnd.-.NSW Soiitli Wales required lid deposit ;Ut all. . He proposed," ris a SiihstlUUo, to In crease > the. . number, of iioiiilnritqrs by 200 per cent -from 10 to 30. In thoae colonies which had abolished the deposit, only 10 names ' were required. . Great. Britain .re quired no.lnonbtiu-y deposit rt t nil. Oiipnclty, should. not be, barred by any mere monetary, deposit. " ,. The CHIEF SECRETARY did not think ,tiicre was aily- piilllle detllttud'' for " thb ell aiigo. (licnr, hoar.) ,Tho experience 111; New Soiitli Wales was Unit It was a -mistake. It would promote - tlie.- |)Ossiblllt.v of men getting Into the Hotise oii the. votes of small- 'mluoritlcsl-lHcaiv; lienr)— ami the St'nte 'wbuid 'lib put.fb. extra expenso, In conduct ing, farcical contests; Tlie l-edilttlnii of the deposit- wris another question;- The total abolition wils not- risked for ill- -required. , 'Mr; WHEELER .had seen the greatest. ' .Wackgiiards nominated against respectable liifeii,' Oven under present conditions; arid this 'change, would -drive, -nil decent aud respect able nien out of. polities. . It would reduce- : our elections to. roWd.vlsia aud ruffianism.: ' Mrr HANGOCK could liot Support the bill ris.it stood, -but hoped thrit there would be a reduction of the £50; which was an amount thiit alf.e.oted ,, the .Labor party . very Incon veniently. !. There had been no rufliinrilSm In ; colonics where -the -.deposit was abolished;, th'oiigh men- might-.- have come-out wlth-.only a few supporters; He ..would prefer 100 'ffliin'ck oii the domination, and a deposit of £20, which, would be a- sufficient, safeguard- There were many compialhts about, the pro hibitive depbslt„lft': addition to the cash ex- pe'nses of nil. election. . ' . Sir; H1GGINB said Unit .ho was surprised- hnd dlsnppdiiited .-wit'lr 'the at'tltitde of the G.ov.erniiierit -towards 'tbfc bill, Y'ietorla -was eqmpletejy bdlilhd tbe btber colonies nhd ot'hCr cmihtrtes. In. ifbls respect. The effect bf requiring a deposl't of £00 was to exclude. Wiose. who lirid'iibt-tho. ready riibney In -their pockets, end - tlie; provision for the deposit- was a 'remaining trace of. t'ho bid property qualification. It was quite possible for people -fo lodge £50 aiiil wfili'drrilw tiie- uioney three days befdrc pblllhg day, rifter 'Hie whole expense aiiU trbuble iif the election ti'rid been IiieurreU.' i'n-' these clrrtifti stances the deposlt bf; £50 bus iib guarantee what,-' ever. In 'ills opinion Sd-good naineS tod noiuil- hiltlbn paper were a far better giirirantee tlidn f50. If tlie hoii: liiember for -Melboiii-rie YVbst wdiild'hC vvlUIng . to make Hie deposit £20 Hicsecoiid: reading inlglrt he passed, and i.llc necessary auieudiiieiits made In coinriiil't-. tee.' ' - - „ - . . . The -CHIEF SECRETARY: Ybq wtll.hnve io.'rilter ,-liio whole hilt, liitlhdlng tlic tltie. r- Sir.' niGGlNS: The .libi). iiieiiiher bad Midwil hiinSe'if slillliheh'tly ' vcrsa'tlle lii-riltor- ,!iig"pMik'"b'llls.? lireimllng tlielr tltlbs. iHicn; t'liij pilrfiose Suited 'him. . Mr. MOUfiE. said " Tliat vriultever the. anioiuiif of ' the deposit required for candi dates might 'he, the . principle was the sumo.; A - deppolt' was- a .-guarantee -a to the bona." (Ides of. ft candidate, arid If-tie -luin gehulne; .SlfpporK the money would eotiie back to lllm. ' . Mr. TRENWITH observed tlint to find a deposit of £00 might be a considerable Irieon- venlenco to Some -members of the House and to sonne men who wore -highly eligible m hc- eniho niuinlherS. Wluit was required wns a sufficient guarantee l-hnt persuiis who bud no right to become eitii'dWrites, because lliey bad' wo Oil a lice of.eloeilrrn, should not he per- mllibed t« put tbe coll ii- try -to the expense of nu' elei-llo'i. A large number of signatures ito a nonilnri'tlon, say one-flftli ot the iinnies on llllie l-ol'l, wult'td he. an excellent . giinraiitec, but the" difficulty Ot obtaining that, number was so great that, the I-toiise might adopt a middle course. In New. South Wales, where no deposit was required, there was the reiiirtrknhle occurrence, of btie candidate not obtaining a single vote. He believed that signatures .were a " belter . ghni-nntee lUiin money, and he would endeavor Vo secure an amend- ' went to the lilil providing that a nomination, together with, the necessnry deposit, when onee lodged with the returning officer, could not. he withdrawn. (Hoar, hear.) .Mr. SALMON thought that the nttach- irletit of a large number of nniiios to a nomi nation paper was an infringement ot the secrecy of the ballot. Mr. M'KENZIE considered tlint slgiiiitiires were not a guarantee. heciiusU tlie people .who signed did not pledge themselves to vote for the candidate nominated. People often slgiicd nominations to oblige tlioso who asked them. If those who signed a nomination paper pledged themselves to vote for that particular candidate, where was the secrecy of the ballot lis far ns they were concerned? The propoBiil would lie ri inoiiils of splitting up tlio votes, and would there fore he In frivol- of the sitting member,' while, gt the Same time, It would lead to n greater representation of minorities'. It ivns deSlr;' hble Hint a member should represent a ina: joi-lty In his electorate, yet the 1)111 would tend lo detent that prluelple. Cases In 'which- n desirable candidate could not deposit £50, or got friends to put the uiohcy down tot 111 in, were very Isolated, i Mr; Watt considered thrit they should lonve'ithn retjulred number Of signatures To liouilna't'ion papers imtouc'liod, hilt reduce the deposit money to £20 or £25,. si> that lin-maii, ti.Oejiuse of Impecunious eli'cttntstrinees should be' prevented' from' offering his service's to . lils country. " He. trusted' the Don. member for' Melbourne West Woiiid withdraw the 1)111 tor the present, irioro especially its lie under stood tiiere 'wris sonic technical, illfflcillfy wlil.eli would iiloek Itonlts 1111111 leading. ' ; Mr.. tdutcfier Agreed - with flic Don. member for Melbourne North- that It would' he.Wel' ti> postpone tlio bill for the present." Thrit -woiiid give' Hon. inouibcrs time to coti- ,kldqr lt. Ho thought lie would TiC; preplirfcd to . support' n reduction In the 'riiiiount ot; de posit; money, and- 'to agree with the mem; biet for Richmond that tbe mniiey oncc'de- poslted should not be withdrawn. 0,,;Mr. eangster trusted the hon; member for Melbourne West would not withdraw the bill, but 'test the feeling of the 'Hotise, and See who were prepared to support so liberal Ii measure. Deposit iilohO.i- had' been ..abolished'' In several- other colonies- without li results; lie should oppose, any. jiropoBal to iiiCrbilso. tlie number of signatures required to ii nomination pnpW, as It Wns often ttiore dllliciilt for a nlnn to obtain signatures tlian to ft nil the deposit mono?. (Hoar, hear.) " . .Mr. CARTER did not tiilnk that the riholl- tlon of the provision for deposit money, wriqld be prodilcUve of nny USeftU result; EipetprS wor.e hot prepared to support ii man' : wlio. lind not srived £50 or ediild not raise ;iint,' sum. Tliey thoiight. that ns stieii a -torin' iad dono nothing for liltiikelf, he couid do nothing for his country. . As to the number of . . signatures required for nomination papers, he remembered a ease lii which a ciihdldrito litid 27 inori on ills committee in one district, end yet not. one of theni'voted for him. (Lnughtor.l Atthough'thoy escort; nd -. iilm on horseback through the district;" hnd drank Ills beer nhd his ivhisky, he only polled onto Vote, rind thiit was recorded by ri iimn . who wns - hot. on Ills committee. (Laughter.). no one was ' doiiiirfod by the present system" froin- ritit'ndlng for; Parlia ment; arid the only object' of tlio law as to the-dcpoftlt WriS to'prevcnt a nirin fi-oii) iiomhintlrig who knew he fiad not;;gpt' a ghost -bf'n show, or who only wanted to. be hoiiglit over. . . '!. ! - \- The Iloiiso divided on'.the Second 'rea'dlhg..- : 'Ayes 23, .. ' '" Noes .; , 30 . ! ' - Mrijorty agaibst tlie hill . ; t v' .. f . ' : : AYES.-'.; ( Mr. Anderson Mr. Bnms. A. - Mr. Sangstcr . .' . Biiazley . .-Hlgglns . . Smith, T.' -Bromley . Isaacs, I. A; . Stj)les . - " Cbrik . . Isaacs, j. A. Trcnwlth \-- '"Daffy' . . Kennedy Tucker, J. B. :< -Gtay . Jiiloney 'Tnriier. ' . . Gurr " ' M'Lcnn - ' YVllklns. Il-vncoCk Salmon nobs. ' -; . Mr. Austin Mr. Lingtlon Sir. Peacock Best - Lovicri , " ' Russell Oainorori - ; v. Madden - Siniighton - . Oaoter -nvqi . Mason, .T. IV. . . , Thotason - ,i; ., Craven. SPArlhur Toutohcr-ii: Dyer-.,. Si'Brlde. .Sir (/..'Turner- Forrest . Sir .T. M'Intyre -Mr. Watt . ; Gillies Mr. M'Kensie : Wheeler - , r,;Oraharii , Jlethvcn - -.IVbite - ! Keys Mould- Williams, H. ' priahran mechanics' institute : bill. ' Mr. GRAY moved tlio second reading of a bill' to provide for tlie.IncorporAtlOnVftnd gn-- vri'fririient of the Prahrriu Mechanics' Instb 'trite.' ' '" The bill wris read the second time, and passed .through rill stages. " J!'!--' " 'ADJOURNMENT. ' rijTho House at io.33 p.m. adjourned' to Tues- day next;- . 