,WAS IT A GHOST P ' Tiiat's just what I in in n lVg about Sometimes I feel (irmly -?? nv i ced that what fiightonoil poor old Prince and inys^elf was not of tliia world Again, I feel inclined to scout tho ^supernatural theory, ncceptirig Jim's ' .yerfliou of the wliito knngnroo, and ve i .jeoting old black' Yiirry's of Olaru'.-t ghost. Whilst1, in this vucilluting framo of mind I placo the plain un ?varniahed facts boforo you, and ask you to judgo for yourselves. I was.Iato ,in Motiving Guudogai. This did not Irnublo me as I know tho road well and intended to strike McKinnon's about duak, whero. I fell sure oE;- n hearty welcome, to - say nothing of the pleasure of spending an ovening willi my old friend and his . excellent ^family. Moroover, 1 had only arrived .from a trip to Sydney that morning. I had plenty -oi^uows (commercial and political) for iriiuo host, whilst for tho girls I hud got my sister to jot down tho veiy luleat styhs'in bonnets and gowns. ' After a few second's delay at tho Bridge Hotel Lpushod on along' tho big cut ting and soon readied Jack Withers' lioittoutead. I could hardly paS3 without letting Juclc know of the steady inoroaso in the pi ice' or, wool, and could uot rofuse his good lady'a invitaiidn to join thorn in a cup of tea. I'thon'mado u. fresh' eBart and reuched tho top of the' hill just as tho sun was . , sotting. Hero I reined my steod and -. gazed spellbound at the, glorious scenic display. Beneath lay the Tumut Valley, dratsod in living groen of fragrant clover— it was early spring — girt by tho' wiuding Tumut \- River.1 i ' , ii ~s- 'X'nat dirkly Biaiob riveTi ', j -t , , Whoic the dreiduil Uinj'ip liidcs, ' '' And the mj'f-tie tliucloAS sti'iil V.ir up the mountain Bides. The '-'I'umut is otie of tho few si reams whoso natural beautios havo never beon desecrated by a snagging party ; tbo reputed homo of the mystic bun yip. To tho ea.st, forming a fitting bouiidsiiy, rose the snow capped Bo gong Mountains, adown thoir sides wora slroalis of snow, which, as tho petting tun throw his beams with full force upon thorn, EcintillaloJ as if set with costly jowels.' ' Surely Damo Nature had galhored togethor her storo of rainbows and llung thorn 'abroad , in derivision, until live .whole monntuin was aglow with various lights gold, criimon, emorald nuil nzu're. What did it suggest to my mind ? Elfdom ! Fuiryliuiii ! .Purii dite ! Whilst gn/.ing enraptured tho sun sank, leaving mo ,in the doepeiiing twilight', turning the gorgeous moun tain into a grim giey shiidow. I &gI; v 6purs to my horse, but it was nearly daik whon I reached Brnnglo Bridge, and as I appruached 1 was startled by a wailing cry that scorned to come from a tree cluse to the river. 'Thorn's souuona in tho water,' wrs my first though t, and I tried to pierco the gloom. Suddenly tho cry was re pealed ; it was liko tho scream of a child in mortal ngon.v. I could feel Pi i nee Iremblo' under me, and al though I am not exactly n coward I b-gjn to be, a bit soared — the cry uiii so unearthly, in such a pl.ice, and at such a. time.- Still, I could not loavo* u fellow croaluro in distress, so patting and co.ixing my fiightened steeil, I urged him on to the firsl; plank of the budge, where he came to a full stop, pricked up his cuts and io fusod to budge an inch: further, fot right in tlio middle of. the bridno stooil a tall white fiyurr, motionless. t\'y liuurt apemod lo ccaso beating. By this (imp, I C3hfi3.-s, I was quite ns fiighio.iei as poor Prince. However, trying to mauter my fi-ars, I shouted, '? Hallo!' At the sound of my voice the figure turned, ami .seemed to me to bound into the river, while again that blood-curdling wail rang out close beside us, ati iking terror into tho heart of myself aud my dumb com panion, who simply turned tail and bolted. : I did not try to titop him un til vto had passed tho School House, iii.d I know b} Iho light ahead, that wo w'cro ncaring Hob. Potter's. ' 1 pulled and sawod tit tho reins, but all to no purpose ; ho had got tho bit (Irmly between his tenth, and ho was mad with fright. On, on ! I know ho hiul the l-oyalty blood in his veins, nnd his grand dam was a Warrigal ; his pace was so terrific that I fairly lost my breath. Suddenly he stopped with a crush, and I felt myself Hung fiom the saddle ; 1 have a contused memory of voicos and lights, and then till was blank. 'Damp thoppongo again, Jim ; ho's coming round.' I woke to flnd my self lying on a sofa. Mrs. Jim was bathing my head, whilst her husband stood by holding a twain. .'What's up? How did I got hero ?'' wbb my first qucbtioti. '? 'Why, you'vo boon trying to broak my now tiate with that derned hnrd bead o£ yours',1' ansnored Jim in a cheerful tone, 'Hush !'' Biiid his wif-, don't joke about it ; it's a mercy you wore not killed. Old Yarry, tho blnckCollow, heard your horso crash iig'uinat the galo ; ho pulled you from untiei' tho dead boast and then ran up and told us. Jim' mul ho earned you hero. Now dtink this and go to sloop, and leave until to-morrow to toll us what hnp'ponod.' I obeyed the litilo woman and woko in tho morning, fooling stiff and sore, but uninjured savo for a nit sty flesh wound on my forehead, I r- lntod my story tO'Jim and his good lady in the praeencb of old black Yarry. 'Why it must havo- been the White Kangaroo ngain ?' said Jim. ' But those awful cries ?' 'Oh, that's simply the tcroam of .n native bear ; they cry like a child at night.'1 I felt rather crestfallen 7. and' foolish; I had mistaken .'a .kangnrb'o and the scream of a milivo bear fcr a ghost, llow thu-cliaps would laugh. They always liko to s o«' .a poor jnck ei'oo up whon they gef- % ahauoo. Glancing at tho old blaukfollow I was astonishod to soo tho look of^hg.rror upon his face, while hia frail forni Bliobk as if with ague. Upon Booing I ob served him, ho hold up a. warning finger, but when Jim had gone to work and Mrs. Jim hud loft tho room, tlio old many told tho following dis jointed story. ' Him no nntifT bonr ; him no kan gerloo Him Clara. Clara lubra be long n Yarry — white gin (half-cnst), Clara run away longa white pellow — Yiirry find her down a river— long wny -bad man — got 'no'.her gul — leuvo porry Clara — Yarry bring her and piccaninny back — longa camp Brunglo Hat — she cry, cry, cry all day — cry, cry, ory all night — picsaninny cry too — one night Yarry Bleep big ?fellow— woko »p Olara gono — pica- ninny gono too— Yixvry know — ho run, run, run — too late, Clara jump in near bridge — Clara cvy. piccaninny cry — — no jump up agaij, both dead — long time ugo — Yarry old man now.' Well, friends, which is the correct solution of my adventure — Jim's, or old black Yairy's? E. A. AV. 