The WARLOCKS By PERCY WHITE Author of "Mr. Bailey-Martin,'' " Corruption," &c.;, &c.; [PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT] (COPYRIGHT). [CONCLUDED]. CHAPTER III. The more dashing spirits usually assembled in force at the bar of the "Goat" on Saturday evening, because the Day of Rest enabled them to recover from the strain and fatigue of their one weekly excitement. Mr. Still sat in his usual place by the door, next to Burken shaw, the sexton. Mr. Pyke, who kept the saddler's shop, and who was looked up to as a man of broader views and an authority on matters of sport, monopo-. lised the arm chair on the right-hand side, whilst other prominent inhabitants lounged before the bar at convenient points, and in convenient poses. The air was pungent with the odour of shag tobacco, saturated with the mawkish sweetness of beer and penetrated by the smell of paraffin. The evening was sultry, and the men were in their shirt sleeves. . " Tbat were a- largish party,-over from Bayport to-dky," Pyke observed to the landlord. " Yes, but it doesn't mean business," said the landlord, contemptuously. "Atea-drinkln' lot that brings its own sandwiches isn't of no account to me. . , " What can you expect from a chary b,ane j?" asked Still, contemptuously, who resented vehicular innovations. " Because a man rides in one o' those Bayport cars ÎÏ don't follow that he doesn't take his ". beer. Fm against nothing that brings business into the town, even if it don't come my way," «aid the saddler, who occasionally ; supplied' a new "trace when a charabanc «ame to W'ief at 'tbe bottom of the .(Castle Hill, and could therefore afford to be generous. "It's my opinion," said the land- lord, reflectively, " that these excursions so long as they are not 'blue ribbon' should be encouraged. Where's there ruins like oura, I-sbouldlike to know -- or air for tbe matter of tbatP Bayport ain't, in it. ." Yet they rim .trains there from London, ¿Ehere ain't enough : life initbis "blessed place ! ; Do ITO, I- ask,. .; make the best of. oui' attractions? To -i "toy tiiinkm' we ouglit to provide .amuse irm^tfoftbe'viBitars"- _ . - - ¿: ?'?-'Bó- we" did," said' Burkensbaw, whose, profession required light gaiety as an . alternative, " an ' so I told the ; Ticar." . """And what did he say P" asked ¿ fit)ii.; Well," implied Burkensbaw, slowly, *be said, 'Why don't you ask the Salvation Army to come? They'll amuse f^nl"'- - ' ; ...:'-j.:',..3îl^««^t>t^Jltlioneb, that nonsense," *aîd tbe landlord, apprehensively. .'They'd jje for trying to shut up the r'Goat' 4ike_ they did the 4 Jolly Bailoi-s^at Bayport'' . But whilst they were discussing the spirited campaign that bad lately vexed the neighbouring watering place, a : stranger stepped in from the gloom of ; ike street and advanced to .the bar. ¿ " Give mei^Ugion," the landlord was saying with emphasis, " but don't gfre , xneaio tyianny;" He stopped and looked .-j^t^tbe^neWcomer as if looking for": an y^^eriv*-'.'.'*'..-v.;;?"'?.-"* '. ¿ jf* Certainty/' said the latter, f Up.Wi£h \- «lí^ionand down With-tyranny." " IThe man's voice and gait harmonised . 31 with his blue jersey, peaked cap .andv *î6ijsfeseige trousers. " - , % ^'*;It Eëej^ f~ armedifere iñjhe midst of an interest . Ms^^^c&y6;%cxiB6ionX I r -*' -' :*^'W#^ei»:;ÍBl|t|&;.<»f the Salvation, , Army,ifaate,"isaiif» brawny- quarryman, i "JpQdeed!'V^ai4^tber stranger.. "A ? most intereBjw^*ieligíoús revival, no v»äb^bt..-. Unfortunately I have been abrbad,; and bad no opportunity of profiting by thiß popular form of :piety. Are you a captain m the blessed band, landlordf" ? ^ " A captain, indeed l"s said the other \- indignantly. "Not'nie, but what did you order !*" . -. ' - m The landlord perceived the .^mockery in the stranger's voice and resented it. "Whiskey, please." \- The. stranger slightly diluted it with water, and then drained his glass. Then he glanced round the bar at the group silently "watching him.. . ^'You're à queer sort o'-sailor," said the landlord, unable to recover from his ?annoyance. - ru ^"I am. Your perceptions do you \- ^credit Every acm,of a.beer-swilling í^jun in this bar ought to stand up and take off. his cap to me. It is only owing ó-I© the elemenby, of Î my. forefathers that Î Jé¿j of fön ate "here." \- *' Why, what do you mean ?" said the landlord, ". «My ancestors had Bimply to hang *ybm*s and the ' thing would have been done." . "Go along!" retorted the landlord, turning his back on the stranger, ^"1 like to hear a man. talk sense, I da" "Our host has no imagination," said the stranger, turning to Still, who was \--sucking his' extinct pipe in astonishment '/.Perhaps he, has . never, heard how a i tot-Wooded ancestor of mine hung a rash «tison of this ancient town oa Hubert's Tower, as au obiedt lesson to ühé^heig^boui'hooa not te thwart a War JpckV We well and I may say still are, à remarkable íá^Uy/' ... '?? " Yputl better t^k.fo^tbe\vi^?V;8.aid'; ?^BarkoDsbaw, breaking the silence. "Hé oîin^eu^éj^-all about that bariging'., on Huberí/sOTowcív" \v ; V - . " I fancy youl-^ïcàT*n^oor relative of Tuiiie; " What's bis nameF'-asked' *he ; stranger, sipping 5bis whisky and glass- ing round furtively-. A. brown beard ' covered his tmined'face, his features were regular and bandsouie, in spite of eyes I which set closely tpgether, gave a sinister expression to hie face. " Warlock/' said the sexton. " Warlock ! Then he is a poor relative of mine." " You're -joking, mate," said Still. *?-You ain't a Warlock. They re all dead." - " Sir Hugo Warlock would be my title if extreme modesty permitted me to chum . it," said the strängen " There's another Warlock-a' lady lodging here in the town,, with her little girl," said Still ' : The man started.' -' . " A Mend of the Yi^s ? " he .asked. "Yes, and of his son, too," said Pike, isignificantly. : . ? . -"" '.. J " " ife rthe xíhüd about' sereu ? " asked the stranger.' " Yes," said Still - . . "What's the ladylike?". ; , "A most personable young lady. Tall, darkish- grey eyes, white teeth ; very handsome lady in fact. : She lodges in the High Street, at EvertonsV Then the stranger paid for his drink and quickly left the bar. \- " A queer fish 1 " said the landlord. " What you call a decayed gentleman I suppose.". - The church clock struck the half-hour. The air was sultry; masses of black clouds, rolling in from ,the "south, were slowly swallowing" up the stars. The town seemed breathing heavily under the weight of the hot darkness. The_ heat of the night had brought Mrs. Warlock to.the window. "She looked on the ill-lit street. Suddenly a voice which filled her with dread Baid softly, " Kate, Kate, come down." Then she knew that what she most dreaded had happened, for the speaker ought to have been safe in a South African prison. The house was.çuiet, theüvertons were in the parlour behind the shop. Passing ;into .the' bedroom, where_ the .child'was quietly slumbering, she took a ihat^hicb. lay oh the bed aud-went softly fihtb the, street by "thè private door, pf which she had the key. -'. \- Iii h is sailor dress, bearded, haggard, I ' and bionzedj.she scarcely recognised in the fugitive her husband, Hugh War- lock, whom she bad not seen for «ix years. ' "We cannot talk here," she said. Side by side they walked down the quiet street and passed into the gloom of the Castle grounds, wheic the dark- ness swallowed up their figures. " How did you get here r" she asked. "Well, you see, I grew tired of,.my professional labours at the Cape," he said, " and took ship home for a change." "You escaped?" '.' " Well, yes.. One dark night - when they were shifting gangs it occurred to me to brain the warder with his own car- bine. I found my way -down to the quay, where a Kaffir boy gave me sople old clothes. I managed to hide myself in the hold of an ocean tramp then get- ting up stearn.^ Ihdue tinie I appeared on deck, and ftbe captain ; had the good sense to allow nie to work my passage home .under the unpretending name of ; Brown; But -somehow or "other the ' police have,been given a elise, and there [.ts ¡a' wári»nt. out :ïor:ths airest of poor Brown who landed at Southampton on ' Wednesday from ; the Storni" Queen. But .after a change of ^clothes and à '?shave,^^ -th'erellB no ^ísón why the afore- said Brownehou'ldnot yahish. into thin : air, as the ghosts U6ed to in- tlie classic ; studies i)f niylb'oybood." ?- >" ?The woman loathed him, but could not hand over her child's father tb the -police and probably to the gallows. ^"Yo'n don't "seem . glad - to see me, Kate/' he said, after a pause. "It would have been better íor us Both had you died in Africa,*' she said. . " Suicide's ;in the family," he answered, .^but I've no faste for it, however con- venient it inighïhe to you ; so you see I've turned up, like the villain in a melodrama. As usual, thc'villain wants money. You must let me have some. "The ill-used wife, you know, always plays a generous part as a counterfoil, virtue balances Vice. I'm sure you won't spoil the picture. Ten pounds might enable me to be off to America, where my .family need hear no more of me." " I will give you the money if you will' go away;" . "Thaufcs, Kate; T should like it al once." - - - - - vt - -." "^y: here ; I wiU fetch it." ?-, "A moment. How is our daughter?"' " She is well.' She thinks her. fathel died before she was boru." "I suppose yon intend to keep up -the fiction ? What brought you hereT' ' "A morbid-curiosity to see the place where your temblé family took its roots.' r "Thais a coincidence; a somewhat similiar impulse brought rue. Perhaps the knowledge that the parson here is « remote cousin, who might be willing tc ' save a noble kinsman from the hangman may also have been an inducement But now, Kate., if yon will get me th« little loan you kindly pffered Til make another virtac»B"Btaíti in life." . Ettie with terror, sick with anxiety she leftlum trader the shadow of the thick bushes.and hurried backtp. her" rooms. Iii the passage the landlady met ber in some excitement. . . '"-Sodgot's, the policeman, bas been here, ma'am, to inquire, whether we've seen anything'of ;*«vlsíialór ñaan named; Brown. There is a warrant out for bis^ arrest. Someone answering his des- cription was down at the . ' Goat ' half an liour ajîo. Hecalled himself Warlock, and asked about'you and the "Vicar. I said we hadn't "Been no sailor man, so Bogers went off to malie inquiries at the Vicarage." It was fortunately top dark for MrsT Everton to see the agitation on her lodger's face. .... . " I will consult them at the Vicarage," she said. Theu she ran upstairs, took some money from her writing ca6e, und- immed back to the silent space filled by the intense darkness, that rustled, as it seemed to her, with Btrange horrors. The masses of black sulphurous clouds seemed to be supported bv the dim out- line of Hubert's Tower. 'The hot fitful ^breeze'sKrred ;tho parched leaves. For %!i^/^^e;'^^i^e¥ii: horizon, gleams ;of - sheetlisteningandthe rumble of re-' -mote tbxmder heralded the storm, : . '-. ' Hugh' Warlock stood Under the bushes; ot-the base of "the ominous tower, and heard of thesearch that 'was toeing made for him with perfect.coolness. . " Toil must get me a changé of clothes to-night," he said. "It's .the only chance. Meanwhile, I can hide here among the ruins. There s no time far lose. . Dressed decently, in London or Liverpool, I shall be safe." ' Kate Warlock's senses seemed edged with pain. Ruin and disgrace pressed her in on every 6ide. Her one hope was with her friends in the Vicarage, whose garden gate opened on to the Castle grounds. - \- " Wait here," she said. Then she groped her way to the path which a privet hedge thick and high abut in on. every side. '?" At the- fürther end the lights from the open French window of the drawing-room fell with a comforting gleam on the black yew tree/--She ad- vanced into the bright circle whence she could see the , Vicar and his son in earnest conversation. Hearing her timid, .faltering, step on the graVel they turned and saw her, and then willi an effort she stepped iuto the lamp-lit room. - " I have come tb^consult you," Bhe said, turning to the ?'Vicar. Flämin great trouble. The- man they seek is-' my husband, Hugh Warleck, and your cousin. I was nineteen1 when I met him in -Rome. . He had been^cattlerranching in America. * Like a blind, infatuated. fool I insisted on marrying him against; the wishes of my friends. A year after- wards. I learnt that he had already a wife in America. I left him, but not before he had spent nearly all my money. Then he went out to South Africa, and enlisted in a police corps under an assumed naniè. 'But he-was expelled for insubordination, and at last was sen- tenced to tera years' penal servitude for dealing in stolen diamonds. But about six weeks ago he murdered his guard and escaped.. He is now hiding in the rains."; The agitated woman told -her story in breathless haste. "I thought our wretched kinsman died at the Cape," said the Vicar, dismay and wonder finding; expression on every line of- hie. wrinkled face. All- his genealogical enthusiasm had vanished under this" wave of crime and scandal. -"Everyone thought so but-myself," aaid the youngwoman. "But he tor- tured jne with "the truth." : 7 " Justice' " must'take its course," said the Vicar, finding no help in his philo- sophy. It seemed to him;=that this iast direct heir of- thé Warlocks inherited all the criminal propensities o£ his ancestors.' As ^psychological ' problem it might be interesting,I ."but .as^a"personal fact it . became tragic. - : . But his son interposed^ "This is no matter for you to deal with, sir," he said. - *' My first duty is to you." And he took the trembling hand of the Woman. " I will .go. and-see him with you. - Something CHU be done." "Do whatever you like,J'-said the per- turbed antiquary, "so long* as Í don't know." The old man was 'evidently in-. capable of action! " Come ! " said the young soldier. . Then the two stepped from the cheer- ful room intb the inky darkness. Neither spoke, but the woman clung to his arm. It seemed as if there Were a dread pause in the. sullen brewage of the night. Even the gleams of lightning on the horiaon had censed. Earth and air were pre- paring for some tremendous effort. The threat was whispered in the ghostly noises of the black trees and the hissing rustle of the parched foliage. But suddenly, as they moved over the unesFeu-ground, the pent-up storm burst ¿.with a terrific r crash. Hubert's Tower on the hiil^jBemed the ceStre of the .roar ;and terror: "EveÍ7!**ig?zag flash of.blind- ing white light revealed the fig"ur'e-bf . Hugh Wartook ^standing on the spot which tradition jsaid fratricide . had stained with blood. Lightning flooded* the sky, while some force withheld the -benign rain. It was. a storm that haunts the memory with supernatural terrors. The young soldier and his terror stricken companion found shelter under a crumbling archway. The woman clung to him in the. intensity of her terror, whilst every "fierce deluge of light revealed the sordid figure of the fugitive sbrbaking xmder the fragments of masonry at the base of Hubert's Towac But suddenlythere came a. momentary pause. _ All was dark and; silent ; the an smelt sulphurous. The woman hid hst face on the young soldier's breast. "Take'me away," abe said. "Take me away V it is too awf iii." But as she spoke a;/red ball of fire eeeméd to ïtrikei;he summit of Hubert's Toweiv ahd the%7iburäängVbathed it-in a toiTeñt of flameirThe gaubt ruin swayed a moment, then fell with -a dull roar of grinding and srindered. masonry. Once more the thick daainéss descended, acrid with ancient dust, whjbhJthe rush of the riin chwed-from the* air and brought a sense of safety to the appalled town. -When the next flash-cut the darkness, Hilbert Warlock . Ime^ "that the Tower had Mien, arid ibbai beneath the mass of shapeless ruin" his couaûvs body was buried. But his- companion lay iu his arms .unconscious, ' At- last, when the fury bf the storm was spent, Hubert Warlock led-^hjer back -to the Vicarage, where slowly her 'strength and courage returned.' / * # #^ . # When the following day dawned wet and ..chill, the -countryside came and wondered, afc the catastrophe which had ' altered the ancient aspect of the land- scape. The Vicar thought much of " the inscrutable ways' of "Proridenoe," bub ¿aid little.." ; \- Two days after the historic storm Ever- ton announced at the bar of the " Goat " that his lodgers Lad left ' that morning. The little grey town wondered whither, but only the Vicar's son knew, and he -kept the secret. In the autumn he fol- lowed Kate Warlock to Florence. But when the Vicar heard that these I two, thrown so tragically together, were to be inarried,he winced at first uneasily, but after a moment's reflection acquiesced gently. " For," he reflected, " Hubert may atone for the wrongs of his cousin Hugh. After all, there is a Providence in these things." The Vicar's " History of the E,ise and Fall of the Wai'locks " is expected to be issued shortly. It has -been delayed ow- ing to the difficulty presented by the last chapter; . \- [THE END.] 