THE WORLD'S BOSS ANARCHIST : THE MILLIONAIRE. Tbe average parson will glibly tell us with, an' unctuous smile that marriages are made in heaven, and probably in tbe next breath will impart the information that, for the. purpose of securing a front . seat in the Hereafter, it is absolutely neoessary that no treasure be laid up on. this earth, as thieves are liable to br^uk in and walk off with some of the ioot. Having in mind a recent cablegram, his statements may seem paradoxical, but by a style of reasoning peculiarly Ins own, he contrives to pan things out, so that tbe modest thrummer still reposes peace fully in the plate, side by side with fbe brass button, wickedly dropped in by the bad Sunday School boy. Marriages are no doubt often made in other places than heaven, but the fact remains that' this old established custom is one in which only the rich can embark with any degree of confidence. The poor man (if he rea sons), no matter what may be the depth of his affection, approaches the altar with many misgivings — the insecurity of em ployment, the dearth of that useful com modity money, and he can see in the futnre visions of responsibilities which could be avoided by remaining in a state of singl e blessedness. No such fears assail the wealthy. The future reveals to them no empty larder, no hungry and ' bootless offspring*, no unemployed pro cession; consequently when united to the object of their affection, the occasion is marked by a season of the most lavish expenditure. The eyes of the civilised world have been opened by the account of the marriage of American millionair Vanderbilt's son to the daughter of Sena- « tor Fair. The elite of .New York have lived for weeks in a state of high strung expectancy, and every detail was ar ranged in a style of the most garish mag nificence. The ballroom of his great New York mansion was transformed into an imitation fairy woodland, rich with the bloom of rare flowers and foliage, behind which numbers of song' birds warbled. To add to the young couple's enjoyment, Vanderbilt, sen., made his son a present of £2,000,000. Imagine if you can the crushing weight of this golden monu ment; think of it yon whose finances can barely stand the strain of a weekly Tocsin, figure it out you horny-handed sons of toil — this from a man whose hands are as white and soft as they were at the moment of bis birth. This hap pened in New York, the leading city of the Great Republic, where, according to the report of the State Board of Lunacy, 7000 young working women every year go insane, through want of insufficient food and clothing. ♦ * * ? From whence did this enormous sum come ? No man has yet earned such a vast amount by his individual labour. This mass of, gold represents the life's labour of millions of America's best citi zens. The far -west farmer battling for an existence in the primeval forest, the coal miner earning a precarious and dan gerous crust hundreds of feet beneath the earth's surface, the sweated railroad em ploye, the storm-beaten mariner far out on the ocean, even down to the wretched creature who hawks the remains of her faded charms round the purlieus of Water or Chewy streets. These all con tribute iheir share in the building up of that nineteenth century Molocu — the millionaire. The United States is pre eminently the breeding ground of this ghoulish vampire ; the country is his, and the souls of children yet unborn he holds a mortgage over j the judges on the bench are his property ; the White House at Washington and its Presidential occu pant belong to him. William M'Kinley .„ may be nominally the principal citizen in the Bepublic, but he is merely a tool in the hands of the Rockefellers, the Vanderbilts, the (Jarnegies, and the ghosts of ^the dead Jay Grould aud others. This is the nefarious gang- which launched the power of America against old and effete Spain, and burglarised from her the last of her foreign posses sions. This is tue villainous crowd at whose bidding thousands of human beings have trod the dark pathway of the Gi'eat Unknown. These are the real anarchists who pollute and . prostitute the stream of justice, who are ever engaged reducing order to chaos, and, having accomplished their vile purpose, dance their fiendish revelry upon its shapeles3 ruins. Riven as the workers are by their foolish religious differences, . their^- fiscal policies, and their slavish and Lazarus like scramble for the rich man's crumbs, no effective and united action can bo taken towards the demolition of this golden citade!. But if the race is to be preserved, drastic measures must be ap plied, and as tbe crowd at the bottom have nothing to lose but their chains, to them belongs the honour of asserting their manhood. There is only one process by which a man can be prevented from her . coming poor, and that is by preventing another from becoming rich. Men be come wealthy by investment in land, machinery, commodiiies ; close up every avenue of investment, and let the State or municipality secure for tbe people the millions which flow into private pockets, and the millionaire and all his brood would disappear like the mist before the morning sun. No man would then re quire a street of houses for himsel — fone would be sufficient for his requirement's ; no man would say this property is mine, and will only be worked under my con ditions. Then, instead of cooping our aged and worn-out inside, the walls of a gaol, or transporting them to a vermin infested asylum, the community would nave enougu and to spare, and their last years would be soothed by a knowledge that they were not forgotten vagrants. The little child of the gutter would dis- r appear, and instead of growing up a pariah and an outcast, would take his place on tne same school bench as other ' children. Infanticide would become a crime of the past ; prostitution in all its forms would vanish, as the necessity that gave it birth would be non-existent. Is this a Utopian dream ? No ! a thousand times no ! All these reforms would be possible, if the community reserved to itself the intelligent control of its own affairs, and allowed no gang of exploiters to annex the wheat, while the chaff fell to those wiio in bitterness had moved tbe wheels of industry onward. Then no millionaire would flaunt, in the face of au astonished world, the result of accu mulations of stolen property, filched from the widow's poverty and the harlot's dis honour : piifered from the pockets of the hypnotised worker, who foolishly sleeps under the mesmeric influence of a ridicu lous and unnatural religion, an insane love for so-called sport, and most slavish crime of all, a sycophantic taith in the man who gives tii&j; a joo — the exploiter. Shellback, 