Tiie Pope at' Bt Peter's. The Pope on Sunday April 23, attended the thanksgiving j|:a&,s which should hare been celebrated on- the anni versary of his coronation the previous month . The great church was'Slled to overflowing, and the heat was so- great that women and children fainted. At 10 o'clock the purple silk cur tains were drawn back, and from the gallery of the basilica the trumpets announced the coming of his Holiness, seated on tne golden chair. He waa borne on high over the heads of the penple, from whom arose a great cry of welcome. Then, while absolute silence reigned, the chair came into view, as if floating towards the altar, with the Po^e sitting like some pale shadow. ' Like a ghost,'' many whispered,, when the lace overshadowed by the glittering triple crown,, became discernible, with the dark eyes peering from their deep sockets-. The hand trembled:' visibly, and a ead: smile played round his colorless lips. With his- left hand the Pope waved sad greetings, while his right did its feeble best to mark the act of blessing. When the chair arrived under the cathedra, two members of tne Sacred College helped! the Pope out and supported him on his way to the throne. Before the Mass began the Sixtine choir sang, the Anti phone. The Pope daring, the celebra tion of Mats sat with folded hands. Twice he' rose, and was supported- while he knelt in prayer. 1\ hen Mass was over Cardinal Mazella left the altar,, and kissed the Fisher's Ring. Monsignor Angeli then placed the crown on tbs Pope's hetid again, and he was lifted:to the chair aud raised high. His Holiness? then .put on his glasses, and from the missal, which Cardinal Steinhuber held,, while Cardinal Macchi stood with a* lighted taper, he read the greater Bene diction. His voice that was once so firm aod clear was scarcely audible. He .tried to raise himself, but fell back, and pronounced the Benediction in a recum bent position. A loud cry, like the burst ing of a storm, broke ironi the multi tude, and the Pope, stretching out hus band in benediction, was carried out of St. Peter's. 