A SHORT STORY. EN' DEATH'S PROTECTION. (By Alan Oscar.) A heavy, wet sea-fog, out of which guns thundered, 'Convict escaped,' muttered the peo ple in the villages, most of them with a hope that he might get dear away. On the outskirts of one of the villages, a gloomy-looking house, standing in its own grounds, and surrounded by orna mental clumps of evergreens. It had been occupied now for some months ? by strangers, a widow and fa.er son ; none seemed to know tliem, they had no visi tors — they were, to the country folk, a mystery. '1 must be near him, Chris,' vas the wido.v's plea to her remaining son, 'I know he is innocent, aud 1 Like to feel ti.at he is not far away — and yet how iar!' But, tho'.igrh the convict in the great j-ri-on 'va^ nii-rvd in the Looks as «ix liaiii, tho widow aud her sou we:t kuo^n as iiuTiaj,'. The gloom thickened as night ap proiich'.-d ; darkness uould soon settle over all. Through the driving mist, which was dut turning to rain, a man approached the house. Fcr the last ten minuteB he hod ijeen lying beneath the dripping sbelter of a' Portugal laurel. Now, at the sound of the distant voices, he had crept from his hiding-place. He looked round in despair. Through the tLick »nJT»cr -rloom he could just discern the house. Above the lower windows a heavy string-course ran- ; it gave him an idea ; there were but a few more minutes of daylight left ; if he could climb up there he would be safe for the next eight hours or so. He thought it seemed possible ; there was a waterspout, and some fairly stout vines of Vkginia creep er. The voices came nearer, he sprang forw~rd, and after a minute of wild ex ertion lay full length upon the stone leda:e, panting ior breath. The voices were close by ; he had been just in time. 'In here you saw him, eh?' 'Ay, mea6ter ! I sin man 'bout quar ter hour agone!' ? 'In here, men! Spread yourselves !' 'Right oh!' 'Two of you to back. Keep sharp look-out now] You stay along -o' me, Thompson.!' . ??? ? '-I' A pealing ring at the door-bell, then silent waiting. ' The man on the ledge listened, holding his breath. ? ? 'Now, young woman, who lives here?'' 'Mrs. Murray, officer — will you' kindly §peak soft.' , . ? Then a -man's voica. ? ? ? -,. . 'What's this — what'do you waiit?' 'Want enough, sir. One of the con victs escaped this afternoon and was traced here.' 'Here!' 'Tes Kir — Kppn rmlv n few minutes 9-n) I must come in, please, and search the house.' 'That you1 can't' do— my mother lies dangerously ilL' '?'' ' . '! a*'\ 'Afraid, we must, though.'' Then another voice. 'Ah, Serjeant Make]teace ! Look here, it's impossible, you know. I shan't al low you in without a search warrant. I wouldn't answer for my patient's life. Mrs. Murray is dangerously ill — -lying, I fear.' v'WelL Dr. Stewart, you see, sir, it's a serious business — and you a magistrate.' 'Tes, Makepeace ; and for that reason I tell you to get a warrant — if you can. ' Why. man, the prisoner wouldn't be such a fool as to come here.' 'I don't know, sir — they generally runs into some silly place or other ; be sides, he was seen ? ': ' 'Ah, well — youil have to stay outside the door, and that3 s all about it. If we find him inside, why — we shall know what to do with him.' The doctor could not have explained what made him hesitate in the middle of his speech, an absurd ghost of an idea had crossed his mind that the wretched convict might have hidden there, after alL The sergeant and his man turned re luctantly away as the door closed eoftly behind them. Night had fallen,, and the thick drizzle made it dark as a grave. 'He'll be' off, sure a* a gun. Well search the outhouses and keep a watch, anyhow. This rain hasn't been falling: long, enough to soften the ground; there'll be no tracks to follow. I'll get a warrant, though.' As they walked away, the- hunted creature on the ledge drew a breath of relief, and- letting his head lie on his arms, heard through the silence of the night the soft hiss of the rain as it fell all around him. At any rate, he had time for consideration. For half-an-hour he lay there in the darkness, his head buried in his arms, perfectly secure, and thankful for the breathing space. He was thinking hard what he should do next. The soft, warm summer drizzle enveloped him and melt ed him to the skin. At last it began to chill him. In discomfort, he raised him self from his warm nlace. and shivered. A raj- of light shot out into the dark ness in front of him — a window! He crept towards it, then, cautiously rais ing his head, he peered in. An empty bedroom — a man's room by the gar ments h.an*ring on the door. He might climb in and steal a suit of dothee ! It was a casement window, and unlatched. ! He had almost screwed his nerve up to this venture when he heard a voice ; an other window had been opened further along He shrank against the walL The voices ceased. 'Til see who they are,' he said, and again he crept onward. With infinite care he raised his head, and found he could look right into the room past the edge of the blind. Two men stood with their backs towards him. . They were looking down upon someone in .bed. They spoke in low murmurs. Presently the younger turned so that his side-face came into view. The watcher, with a - sudden gasp, shrank back. - 'Chris!' he whispered, astounded. 'What was that? Did you hear?' 'No, I heard nothing,' said the doctor. 'What is it!' murmured the sick woman. 'Nothing, mother ; but I fancied I heard someone call 'Chris.' ' I The man outide had again laid himself ! flat on the stone ledge ; he was trying | to gather his scattered wits. i 'Chris! By all that's merciful, j they've come here to be near me ! That' ' man at the door said 'Mrs. Murray' was ill. Can it be mother under a false name ? If so, Fni safe !' j For sudden illumination had come ; ' he had decided what to do. He crept backward to the window into which he had first looked. 'By George ! I'll chance it, anyhow,' he said, and, listening a moment, rai* d himself and climbed in. Then he closed the window and drew down the blind. Quickly he stripped himself of eveiy stitch of clo.hing, flinging it under the Ited. Then he went to the wa^hstand and scrubbed vigorously at his hands and face ; having got these fairly cleaD, i he deliLi rately searched the drawers and presses, and, choosing the garments ' which seemed most suitable, dressed himKeli from head to foot. Then, going lo the g'ass, he surveyed the result. j 'Yes, £ shall pass,' he said, for he saw ! ?a good-looking, gentlemanly fellow, 1 dressed in quiet taste, who had a quasi I nautical look due to his dose-shaven face. 'I must run the chance of the house being search- d. Hawkins would know me if they bring him along. I doift be | lieve any of the other warders would. ? Well, now to see Chris,' and, having put j out the lamp, he quietly opened the j I door. ! t Within the nert room death was at hand, and the dving mother wailed for her missing son. | 'Why is he so long in coming?' ! 'Tell her he has been sent for,' whis- ! pered the doctor ; 'it will quiet hen' ! Chris bent over and whispered. 'Yes,' she said — 'I know — and his in nocence is proved.' 'Yes, mother,' faltered Chris. 'A-h ! He — must — make — haste.' There was a silent pause. 'Why doesn't he come?' And again there was a pause. Suddenly she called 'Dickl my dear boy !' 'Here I am, dear mother!' The two others turned in amazement. Chris shivered and his nerves crawled ; j the doctor merely wondered. j Dick advanced to the bed. j 'Tell her you're pardoned — innocent,' gasped Chris. j Dick bent over and whispered. His | mother clasped him, and tears filled her dying eyes. 'Thank God!' she mur mured. Rut rtif pYpitfmfnt hail hantpnpd the end. In a few minutes the three stood silent by a corpse. ? j At last Dick spoke. 'Have the police ' gone? I suppose you know I've escaped V 'Escaped 1' 'Yes.' 'But you are all dressed and ? ' 'Yee. Dressed is your room.' 'Didn't you hear the police at the door, then?' | 'Yes ; I was outside on the ledge.' 'Great Heaven ! Then what are we to do? Where are your other things?' 'Under the bed in your room, Chris.' jjuij ? ^uurc uui bait; ume: l shouldn't wonder if they come back. They are back!' For the door-bell rang. 'Oh, Doctor Stewart, what shall we do?' said Chris. 'Run and bring his things in here, quick!' Chris ran. They flung them under the bed of death. Hardly had they done so when the housemaid was at the door. 'Please, sir, here's the p'licemau back, and says he's got a warrant to search the house.' 'Let him come up,' said the doctor, extinguishing one of the candles as he *poke. Dick took a long breath— lien look ed around — there seemed to be no way of escape. The three listened silently to the steps coming upstairs. As the sergeant entered, holding out the search warrant, the doctor put a finger on his lips, and said, 'Hush!' The policeman halted. * '*So you were bound to trouble us, eh?' whispered the doctor. 'Mrs. Mur ray has just died ; there will be no need for you to search this room?' 'Well — no, sir,' faltered the sergeant ; | 'but might we have a bit more light just for a minute?' 'Oh, certainly,' said the doctor ; and he lit the other candle with unsteady j hand. 'These are Mrs. Murray's two sons.' i The man lifted his eyes — the young men faced him — he looked perplexedly at Dick, and seemed to be trving to ?re- member something. It was a moment of intense strain. The doctor broke the oppressive silence. 'You can post one of your men at the door, you know.' 'Yes, sir ; and, of course, you bsin' a magistrate ? ' 'Yes, yes, that's all right,' said the doctor. The sergeant saluted ; then turned, and walked slowly through the door way. ''Phew!' ejaculated Dick. The officer halted and looked round. The three stood stariner at him. waiting his departure. Somehow he felt that all was not right. With hesitation he again turned, and passed out of the room with his attendant. 'Who was that feller like, 'AwlrinB?' 'Didn't notice 'im, serepant.' 'Someone I know. Dashed if I can think who.! Well, you stay here at the loor. I'm going through the house, dead or no dead.' The search wae, of course, without ef fect, and the sergeant was about to leave the house when a thought struck him. He went back to the death chamber. 'Might I see them tv.o young gents j again tor a minute, doctor I' \ 'Yes, I suppose so. But there's only j one now ; the elder had to go — funeral arrangements, you know.' 'What ! In' the night, sir ?' 'Yes. There's a night train you know. Here's Mr. Christopher Hur ray.' The sergeant stared at the young man. ''Well, sir, your face seems familiar, too.' Ha looked sharply, questiouinprly tc the doctor, who returned a stolid stare. 'Handed if I know '.' he muttcrod. 'Ah, well! good night, gentlemen both.'' And he went out. | Last year the member for Mont gomery, Tasmania, visited tho old coun try. He had a memorial brass si.'t up in Thorney Cloi ch to 'Laura E ham. l\y h?. lovinir -'on R cliard.' 'But, jjurray. that's not your n:tmc ? ' queried tho friend who »a* witli h.ui. ''It was onoe,' said the honorable niLinbor. The friend did not reply. It does iiot do to be too inquisitive as to jjcoj. let- relations in Colonial so: ieiy. ''What's that ijreat building.' nsk'-il the friend as they came oat cf the church. 'That? Oh. that's — a — or — convict prison.' '^M.AIV' 