THE RIFLE ASSOCIATION AND i THE GOVERNMEMT. ) i RIFLE MATCH CONDITIONS. ' The old order changeth.' The controversy now proceeding between the council of the New South Wales Rifle Association on the one hand, and the military authorities on the other, as to the constitution of the association and the conditions nnder which its competi tions are to be carried out, shows this. First, the military authorities threw down the gage of battle — that was doao some time ago — and tbe Rifle Assucia. fcion promptly picked it up. The cause of the trouble, at its present stage, is the conditions under which x rifle meet ings are conducted, and the case as put forward bv the militarv is to be fnnnd set out in a letter written by tbe Under Secretary for Finance and Trade to tbe Secretary of the New Sonth Wales Rifle Association on December 5 last, enclosing certain recommen dations made by the officer command ing the military forces of the colony as to the conditions under which the rifle associations receiving Government aid should in future be entitled to par ticipate in that aid. This letter was considered at a meeting of tbe association on the evening of December 29, and the letter with its enclosures, also the resolu tion passed by the Rifle Association in answer to it, were published in our issue of December 30. In the remarks passed in connection with the resolution of the Rifle Association it was declared that though the association might go down, it would go down fightiog, and the re solution itself states bluntly that tbe pro posals of the General commanding are altogether unsuitable, and likely to damage, if not entirely annihilate, the Rifle Association. Some of the' terms proposed by the General commanding might, no doubt, be modified, but the attitude taken up con cerning them by the Rifle Association is one of undisguised hostility, and savours more of war to the knife than a desire to disenss the matter in a calm spirit, with a view to arriving at a common ground of action which would be satisfactory to all concerned. The responsibility for the interference must, however, be taken bv the association themselveB. If tbev had attempted to keep pace with modern conditions there wonld have been no cause of complaint. Later events, how ever, tend to show that those responsible for administration are beginning to re cognise tbe necessity for falling in with national requirements, even though they may suffer personal disadvantuge. To arrive at a right understanding of the matter, it may be as well to go down to first principles, Tbe conditions under which rifle contests are carried out at the variouB meetings are what military authorities call of the elementary kind — the rifleman is allowed to take de liberate aim at a large square target, and then deliver bis fire. He has also a number of adventitious aids to good shooting — paints with which to color his rifle sight, so as to nullify, or at least neutralise, the effect of varvinar con ditions of light ; a ventometer, with which he can mark new lines on his weapon, so as to make allowance for the strength of the wind ; a mathematically correct instrument to give the requisite number of other smaller contrivances which a soldier in the field or a man in tho bush in parsuit of kangaroo or wal laby would never think of employ ing. These assistants make a ' crack ' target shot, but do not in any way im prove his shooting in the field. It has, in &ct;, been found that the slow aimer refuses almost invariably to compete in rapid firing matches, because he knows that constant practice in the former not only avails him nothing in the latter, but even unfit him for the ohange. Military authorities agree that slow aiming is odvisable in teaching recruits the use of tbe rifle, but they deny its applicability when a man has become proficient in this portion of his training, and has to use the weapon under-rough-and-tumble conditions which have to be observed, for instance, in war time, or even in the bush where the object is to bring down a wal laby or a kangaroo which can hop from rock to rock and disturb the average of the best shot. Tbe military authorities, in a word, say that the crack marksman takes his aim nnder conditions whioh would be well enough in the case of a recruit, who has yet to learn the capabilities of tbe weapon with which he is armed, but that after he has got over the adolescent stage be ought to put tbe things he has learned into practice, and learn to take aim at the object he wishes to hit with more celerity and be ready to make a flying shot with fair precision. There appears to have been some inisapprehonsion on the part of tbe Rifle Association as to what is meant by tbe military. They seem to have imbided the idea that the General and those holding with him object to individual firing. This is not so. The military authorities desire that individual firing should not be restricted, as it is in nineteen-twentieths of the matches, to the lying down position, taking slow aim, at a known range, at a stationary black and white target. They contend that that kind of shooting pertains rightly to instruction in tlis use of the rifle, that it tends to render men more sure as to the extreme accuracy of the weapon with which they are armed, and that after they have become proficient in that kind of shooting they should be encouraged to aim at a small or life- sized body at an unknown distance in any position suit able to tbe occasion, standing and kneel ing, as well as lying down, aad, moreover, to aim and fire as rapidly as possible. From the military point of view, it is better to train a man to ahoot kangaroos in the bush than to confine his training to the Raudwick range within the limits prescribed. Slow aiming, thoy Bay is good in its placo ; that place is for young shots, and only for them until they ' arc able to take the more difficult k nd of shooting. As regards collective firing, or firing by men in squads, there is this much to bo saijl— - it js ono of the military maxims of tho present day that, in a state of wa-*, tho natural tendency of man iB to fire wildly. Rudy^rd Kipling, in one of his stories, brings this into prominence. He sketches the behaviour of a raw corpB in its first engagement with a hill tribe, and shows how they expended most of their ammu nition before thoy came within range of the enemy, pretty much on the principle that in olden times, when ghosts were known to haunt, church yards, people passing through them after dark whistled to beep up ? their courage. The raw corps fired becauao tho noise aided them in keeping up their pluck. When, however, the enemy charged them, they were driven back aud it was not until they were driven within the zone of the more veteran troops' fire that tbey were able to stand. The stand was then made because the enemy was otherwise engaged. In every war since the Franco-German war of 1870 it haB been found that the natural tendency of troops is to expend vast quantities of ammunition in wild firing, and that this, when once begun, is difficult to control. Every endeavor is now made, by peace organisation and training, to accustom men to fire by word of command, until tbey [become so habituated to it that it becomes, so to speak, second nature. What are called fire groups of from 15 to 30 men—a nnmher that can be con trolled by tbe voice of one officer — are formed, and these men fire only when commanded so to do. The military authorities wish this method of firing to be more generally practised, as a matter of fire discipline. Lord Wolseley, in a speeoh at Brigh ton a few weeks ago, referred to the com parative value of collective as compared with individual firing. The 'Broad Arrow' in the latest issue which has arrived in this colony, makes speoial reference to this. It says: — ' The comparative value of good individual as compared with good collective marksmanship is a ra'io very muoh unappreciated by volunteers as a rule. Their adjutants can tell bew often the former haB aoted to the detriment, and in many cases to tbe total neglect of tbe latter and more important result. It is not too muoh to say that ' fine ' indi vidual shouting is of little or no assist ance to effective volley firing.' . . . The reason is not far to seek. The--e is, as most commanders know well, a psychological moment in which, aqd in which only, the command ' fire' can b6 given to ensnre maximum resalts from the volley. In the case of a body of second-rate shots, with no finicking ideas of their own, this fleeting moment of readiness is now arrived at, perceived, and automatically taken advantage of. On the other hand, a number of first-class marksmen, each with bis own foibles of aiming, poising, etc.'; are seldom ready at tht same instant. Even if the volley is de livered together, many of the men at the moment of firing will have been too intent on questions of wind, light, and all the minutiae of match shooting to have their sight levelled plumb on tbe mark. They are caugljt unprepared, and in rifle shooting a bad man ready is better than a crack caught napping, . . If so, there is all the less excuse for the pot hunting which has too often sickened a'l keen men who have had to do with them. Under modern conditions of warfare, a crack ' pool ' winner is almost useless to his country, wh'ereas an accur ate company volley may ohange the for tunes of a battle. Volunteers are ex officio ' patriotic. Let tbem have their ' pools ' and ' pots ' for the unremun erative, but far more useful practice of volley firing. There is, however, anotner question — why should the military authorities wish to take any part in rifle matches or to govern the Rifle Association in matters of this nature ? Tbe law of this colony is that riflemen shall form reservists, ot the men necessary to bring the military force of the colony up to its full estab lishment in time of need. It is for this reason that the subsidy is given to the Rifle Association. Riflemen firing under the old conditions will be just as ineffective in the field as raw recrui-s, be cause tbo members of an attacking force will not stand still te be shot at, and the man wbo cannot dispense with append ages to his weapon before be can deliver his fire might as well be without his weapon, unlebs he is ensconced some where where the enemy has no suspicion of his preBence. The Bisley meeting in England has bsen cited as one where the present conditions governing the rifle matches of tbe co'ony are observed. Tbe men firing at Bisley, however, are independent of Government aid ; theirs is to all intents and purposes a private organisation, and they bave the nyht of makiDg their own conditions. Our Rifle Association was founded as an adjunct of the defence force of the colony, the men composing it might reasonably be expected, and should be prepared, to bo called out for service if the occasion arises, and tbe Govornmont desire that they shall as far as possible bo accus tomed to firing under the conditions which they would havo to adopt in oase or real work in the field. For that reason they wish it to be placed within the reach, monotarily speaking, of every volunteer of the colony to join the Rifle Associa tion, and enter for its competitions, A military riflo uoatoh was held at the con clusion of the last Easter encampment, and very good results were achieved. Tho aim now is to have a set of matches in which the slow, deliberate aim hbotild be only subsidiary to tho mi'itary condition ; ? that, instead of tho men being required to fire at a fixed target at a known distance,, tbey shonld .be asked to fire at something representing the enemy, who will bo liable to disap pear, and that tbe given number of shot* should be delivered in a certain number of seconds. He woald have his rifle, as issued to bim. The verniers for screw ing the sight up to mathematical accur acy in regard to the range would he absent ; the ventometer for enabling the Bhooter to aim at the boll's eye from, o line drawn on his baok sight graduated to allow for possible windage would be left at homo ; and the rifleman, aiming b bit something directly in front of bim trhile the wind is blowing across the line of fire, woald have to aim to the right or left of tbe object which ho wishes to strike, and to guess what he wou d havo to allow for the force of the wind deflecting the missile in its flight. These are the things which the military authorities want the riflemen of the colony to be taught to rely on. As things are at present, the riflemen rely on mechanical aids to natural intelligence, while those same aids, though excellent in them selves, are out of the question, because under the varying conditions of service tbey wonld be impossible and absurd. — '' Daily Telegraph.' 