loye made manifest. (BY GUY I500THBY.) INTRODUCTION. It was the Island of Upolu, in the Samoan Group, and a broatbloss morning. The sun was almost it Its meridian, tho palms that lined tho beach were motionless as trees cut out of card- board, and tho lagoon dazzling as a dish of out tn saiul. Tho only signs of llfo wore the tumbling surf upon tho outer reef, and a wlilto hoy lying upon his stomach on tho edge of a grove of wild oranges and cocoanut nalms a hundred yards above high-water mark, with his eyes glued to the pages of a hook. There was not a human habitation of any sort In the whole landscape, though a native village existed round tho corner ot one headland, and tie European settlement of Apia wns In the flood-tlda of llfo and trade behind tho other. That the youth was absorbed In his book admitted of no doubt, for bo lay as still as a sleeping turtle, oblivious to everything around him, though all the timo tho sun was driving off tho shade and climbing higher and higher, and thu surf wa3 rumbling like thunder upon tho roef on the other side of tho lagoon. "Yet some men say in many parts of Eng land," he read, "that King Arthur Is not dead, but Is had by will of our Lord Jesus In another place. And men say that ho shall come again and ho shall win the Holy Cross. I will not say It shall be so, but rather I will say that here In this world he changed his life. But many, men say that there is written upon his tomb tbls verso: 'II Ic Jacot Artliurus Rex Quondam Rex quo Futurus.' " At this point ho reverently closed his copy of Sir Thomas Mnllory.'s immortal poem, and looked about him. It was a curious old book, that by some strange chanco boasted a Balllol label In side its coverlid, and was coated and begrimed with the litth aud dust of llftcen chequered years in tho Pacific. In the wild orange bushes on his right two green and yellow "jaos" wero searching for honey, and at tho same time chattering noisily; among tho pink blossom of a group of fuafuns to tho left half-a-dozen Scnga parrakeets, feathered in all colors of tho rainbow, uttered their extraordinary cries, while through breaks In tho foliago overhead glimpses of tho blue sky could bo obtained, showing a Hock of wlilto birds soaring up and up into what seemed thu very eye of heaven itself. It "was 0110 of those days when it would appear Impos sible to work; and for this reason, perhaps, very few, save natives, were abroad, and oven they, accustomed to tho warmth as they wore, pre ferred to llo In tho shade, oxchanging reminis cences, nnd absorbing the heat, rather than run tho risk of injuring their constitutions by any violent cxortlon. Ilo was a strange boy, this ill-clad, ill-kept Claude do Carnyon; perhaps as extraordinary a specimen of tho genus as could have boon found In the whole length and breadth of tho Pacific. What his right to Ills Iilgli-souiuling pntronymic may liavo been Is more than I can say. It Is sulli- clent, however, for the purposes of tills his tory, (hat Ills father was a dissolute old beach comber, who hud arrived In tho Samoan group early In tho Seventies. Among other things, he claimed to have once been an English University man; but lie was now a complete wreck, and lived with a Snmoun wlfo In a native village a mile or two outside Apia. Whatever other faults he may have had, neglect of his son's edu cation could certainly not have been included among thorn; for a more accomplished youth for his age— lie was barely fifteen— could not have been found on tho Island or, for the matter of that, In the whole Southern Hemisphere. In deed, tills teaching of his son wns the brilliant old ruffian's one remaining amusement; and the lad had proved himself eager to make the most of It. In mathemntics, It must be confess ed ho wns by no means reliable, but in Latin and Greek he could have easily held his own 'with many older men upon whose education thousands had been expended. The sonorous ancient poets were ns familiar to him as the quaint Samoan rngas Ills dusky stepmother was wont to croon before the hut door at sundown, while his ac quaintance with the best English, German, Span ish, ami Italian literature was, if a trifle frag mentary, at least years In advance of that ac quired by many students of even twice his ago at our most cherished universities. In his way. the old beachcomber was a genius; but, Judging from the proofs ho had so far given, his son bade fair to eclipse him. In physique, the hoy was tall and well made, his hands nnd feet small and neatly shaped. His head, from a phrenological, and Indeed from any other point of view, was a mngniflcont one, and crowned with a wealth of curly hair that in the sunlight shone like molten gold. Ills features were n trifle disappointing, perhaps, but, on the other hand, they horo unmlRtakablo promise of Implement with ago. For the present, they were refined and in some respects harmonious; the eyes were largo and dreamy, the forehead brood, and the month somewhat small and sensi tive, hut not sufficiently so to be out of keeping with tho remainder of the face. The weakest part was undoubtedly the chin; which wns scarce ly square enough to indicate that amount of de termination necessary for the formation of a really strong character. Taken altogether, how ever, It was the head and face of a scholar, nnd one who would II vo by his brains rather (ban by his hands. As ho put his hook away and dropped his chin on to his folded arms, thero was a stir In tho long grass In front of him. Next moment a beautiful lltlle rpeelnien of the Vehn bird came stealthily lnlo view, searching for insects. Seeing the hoy, nnd realising how close ho was to danger, he dropped hack inlo tho grass and disappeared with out a rustle In the direction he had come. For a moment or two all wns quiet; then tho lad espied, jaiiiiiag ais way inrnugn too ury norunge. a gui- goous blank and gold beetle. His Imagination, fired by the bcok ho had been reading, pictured bin) as a knight In black and gold armor, making his way through a dense forest In search of adven ture. The path was a difficult ono, and several times tho course ho steered led him beside enor mous chasms. In some cases they wero of suffi cient depth to swallow him half a dozen times over, and In not a few they measured at least eight Inches from top to bottom. Leaving tho track proper, he branched off to the left, nnd at this juiicturo an episodo occurred that heightened tho innke-bellevo and brought tho hoy's chin down to the dust, In order that ho might not lose a scrap of what was going forward. On ono side ot the knight's path was a high rock; to climb It wns out of the question; on tho other was a yawning preciplee. to fall into which would mean hilt ono fate — death. Tho path was scarcely wlilo enough for ono; for two It was Impossible. Yet, as the knight passed along It, an enormous spider, of tho tarantula brood, climbed down, tho cliff and blocked tils passage. Evidently, thought Claude, this was the dragon of the Pass. Tho knight considered for a moment. To go hack would be to own himself a coward; to go forward would mean a desperate battle and possiblo, It not probable, destruction. The foes on meeting hail come to a standstill, and now regarded each other for upwards of a minute. Then the black linlglit, without further thought, metaphorically couched his lanco, stuck In his spurs, dashed for ward. and before a prosaic Nineteenth Century could have said "Jack Robinson" had grappled with liis antagonist. Tho demon of the Pass was not behind him In desire, and for this reason they fought upon tho narrow. ledge with indomltablo courage. The boy watched tho combat with all his being, scarcely breathing when ho saw the valiant knight overhanging tho precipice, and feeling as If lie must shout Ills Joy aloud when tho wlckcil ogro was compelled to give buck a paco against the mountain side. He was still watch ing it when llo heard a rustling in the bushes on the hank above him, nnd, looking up, saw the face of a young girl smiling down at him. "Lolo," ho cried In surprise, "I dln't. hear you coining." Then, as if by attending to her ho might lose some detnll of tho battle going oil be fore him, ho said, "Come down here and look nt this fight! - It's worth seeing, I can tell you." Tho girl parted tho hushes nnd did as silo was told. She was a pretty little crcnture in white attire, with a wealth of silken hair hanging down hor hack, and n brond-rlmmod straw hat stuck coquottlshly on tho back of her head, "I wonder what mischief you are tip to now?" Bhe said, as sho threw herself down on tho sand beside the hoy, and brouglit her face to a cor responding level. "\'n tntunlilnf " lin nnawfirnrl ffiilnlrlv. "Pnf look here. Do you sco that knight in thoro? He's a bravo fellow, I can toll you. I call him Sir Lancelot, because of lils black nnd gold armour. When first I saw him ho was riding his brave destrier through that forest tn search ot adventure, but liud so far met with none. When, however, ho reached tills pass tho Ogro of the Mountain dashed from his hiding-place, anil blocked his way. . Ilo would not yield, of course, and now they aro fighting for tho path." Side by side, head prossod against head, tho boy and girl watched tho combat. It was not, however, long beforo It was decided. Tho wicked ogro, employing some magic spoil for which the other had no charm, wrapped his arms about the valiant knight, and, putting forth nn effort, hurled him from tlio path Into the abyBS. "Farewell, Sir Lancelot," cried tlio boy. In per fect seriousness, ns the beetle disappeared Into the depths. "You fought a good fight, but the spoils ot Merlin have proved too, strong for yon." Rolling over on to his back, ho lay tlioro for a moment, staring up at tho motionless palm fronds ibovo Ills head. Ills companion did tho same, anil then thoy sat up and looked nt ench other and laughed. Tho girl's laugh was something to hear and to remombor: It was as unlike tho ordinary expression of happiness or amusoment ns tlio boy's character was dissimilar to thoso of tho youths In tho township round tho corner. It seemed to contain tho wholo essence of rail lery, with tho smallest modicum of mirth, and yet, while ono felt hound to partteipato In It, there was the feeling that tt was not altogether a sincere expression of its author's reelings. She was, ns I have said, a beautiful child; sh, bonstcd a lino oval face, largo, expressive eyes, a tiny, rosebud mouth, small teeth, ovou, nnd wlilto ns pearls, and Inst, but not. least, a com plexion so perfect that II seemed Impossible that It cnuhl have been subjected to the attacks of fourteen consoeuttvo Pacific summers. Sho was tlio daughter, and only child, of a whlsky-drluk- lng colfee-plnutor, of Irish extraction and good family, who lived on tho other sidq of Apia, aud she had boon tho hoy's constant companion ever slnco bo could remember. To-dny he dis covered that sho was better dressed than he lmd over seen her boforo. Slic wore, as I have said, a white dress, a largo hat, Irimmcd with lace, shoes, which wero quite unusual addlLlons to hor attire, and stockings ot BUperlliio texture and nowness. Ilo could not understand it; sho saw his bowlldorment, and as sho did sho threw back her head and laughed again. That laugh decided him. "You wero always vain, Lole, ho said, with tho agreeable candor of youth, "nnd now that you've managed by some means or other to get somo line clothes you've come to show them ort and try to mako me Jealous. But you can't; I'll havo quite as good somo day, if not better; for all my Jacket's so threadbare now." Ilo scrutinised his ragged top garment with an exacting eye, tried to removo a portion Of Its dirt by brushing It with his flngors, nnd, Anally, seeing that It was quite impossible to better it, threw himself down again on tho sand and took stock ot his companion. Sho laughed a little defiantly at his outburst of passion, checked her self as suddenly, nnd, changing her tone, said with a petulance that sat very prettily upon her: , . "If I'd thought you would have wanted to quar rel with me on tho day that I'm going away, Claude, I shouldn't bavo come. You may never see me again, you know." Tills overture did not produco the effect sho intended. Ho only said scornfully: "You're always talking about going away, but you never go." "Well, we're going tills time, sure as gospel,' she said. "My uncle in Ireland, the ono you know who drank O'Hara's whisky and fought the ghost. Is dead; and now my father's rich, and what's more. I'm a lady— Lady Loio Fanclies- tor— and he's the Earl or Kilgovan. I shnll go to Court and lclss the Queen's hand, nnd wear the most beautiful drosses In all the world, and never have a thing at all to do but ride in carriages and enjoy myself from morning till night. There, what do you think of that?" For a momont tho hoy was too dazed by tho brilliant prospect conjured un by her words to reply. Ho only wriggled his shapely brown toes into the sand and stared at her. "I don't believe a word of It," ho said at lost, but this time with a visible effort. "You imagine such a lot; and you always were such a Utile liar, Lole!" She laughed and clapped her hands, not in tho least angered by his candid criticism. "It's not a lie this time." she cried, her eyes sparkling with mischievous mirth. "It'3 what dad calls God's sober truth'. The mail came In this morning and brought, a letter for him. When ho had road It he had to have three drinks b"fore ho could understand it. Then he sent me oft to tho store and told me I could buy whatever I liked; so I bought this dross, and we're going home to England this very afternoon. Though they wanted roe to stay o.nd paclc my things, I ran away to tell, you." (To bo continued.) 