THEATRICAL WAGES CASES. ? 'FIVE PARTS IN ONE NIGHT. ' This morning at the City Police Court before Messrs; Rice Saunders, and T. G. Molloy, J.s'.P., T. G. Williams, a musician, sued E. G. Wilson for £5 lGs. 8d. for wages. Mr. Joseph appeared for the claimant, and Mr. Barlee for the de fendant. ? ' ' The claimant said that he was engag ed by the defendant for the Creinorne Orchestra, at £3 per week, with an extra 10s. if the 'houses' were good. .The defendant was joint lessee of the Gardens, with Mr. Gosper. For the defence it was contended that the de fendant was merely a salaried agent of Mr. Gosper, receiving no share of the profits. He engaged the defendant in his capacity of leader of the orchestra. Robert Bell, comedian, said he was en gaged by telegram signed Wilson and Goaper, to sing at Cremorne. The only portion of his salary which he received was £1 through Mr. Wilson. He under stood that Mr. Gosper was the principal of the 'show,' and would look, to him for his salary. He did not know Mr. Gosper, he would/ like to. (Laughter). Judgment was given for the amount claimed, with 30s. costs. ? M. J. Maloney, known as Harry Neville, dramatic ? artist, sued Martyn Hagan and W. H. Speed, for £8 15s. for wages earned at the Olde Englyshe Fayre, Fre mantle. Mr. Forbes appeared for the claimant, and Mr. F. S. Harney for the defendants. The informant said that he was engaged for £-i per week, and £5 10s. when they put on the panto mime. He had received £3 5s. for three weeks' wages. No complaint was made against him, and he stuck to the company when some 'other artists struck or deserted. One night he played five parts to pull the play through. Martyn Hagan said that they put on 'A Trip to Chicago,' in which Neville took part After a most disastrous week, the artists came up on, Monday morning to see whether 'the ghost was walking.' The managers made an ex planation of their position to, each, and paid each £1. He (Hagan) said that he could not be responsible for anymore salaries, and suggested closing up. Ib was, .however, mutually agreed that they should play again, that night, pool the proceeds, and divide them in com mon lot The result was that each re ceived 5s. Next night was too boisterous to play, the 'show' being in the open air. The witness explained that when it rained the wind 'blew the drops in on the lights and put them out. One ni^ht it blew so hard that the ship, which, was already fast sinking, was carried away. (Laughter.) The pro ceeds during the rest of the season at the Port, and the Perth season, were divided in common lot. The defendant was a useful and conscientious young man, bub hardly an actor. None of the other members of the company had made a demand for wages. W. H. Speed stated that at the end of the first week of the Perth season of thev pantomime, after preferential claims had- been satisfied, there was not sufficient money left to buy a feed for a canary. : J. Lean, a vocalist, said that he un derstood that if 'the Perth season were not financially successful they could not expect their full salaries. . Tiki ibeiicli held !that the evidence showed thaib there was a re- arrangement at Fremantle, and dismissed the ease, biit without- costs, 