Tliiiclicray's Onc-nlglit "Ghost," Mirny readers of " Hie Vk-eliiluus" Jinve wondered Blow TJiaekvmy wiis able to write so craplile and correct iui account of Ills hero's escape from Fort uuquosno_imd Ills journey through 1J10 wilderness, us 'iThndkeriiy Jiail nevrr seeu tlio uuigulAccnt valley througn wWcli his gallant hero- lied afier his daring escape. As a matter of, fact, Thackeray did not write If at all. He was at a dinner in London with Anthony Trollopo, WJikJo Collins, nnd other celebrities. Okie guests were sitting down to their wine and cigars, when Thackeray, who was entertaining the company w'lth Ills wit and satire, suddenly stopped, and, looking nt Jils wnteli, exclaimed:— " Gentlemen, I must leave you, I have, promised the. printer a chapter of The Virginians,' tu- iuorrow morning, and I lhavou't written a lino of it yet. I liato to go, but I must; the printer 'Is in exorable ; sn, wishing you all another mooting when I can bo longi r with you, t hid you n good evenlug." There was present a minor auHtor named Kennedy, and Thackeray hail almost reached the door when he called him hack ami said : . "1'ctihaps I can write tho chapter fcr you. What are you going to describe?" The groat novelist seemed a little as tonished at tills bold proposition, but ho was too polite to say what lie thought. "Kennedy, you aro cxrrcmelr kind, -and gladly would I let yon write the chapter for mc, for I hate to leave a jolly parly in ttlie midst of fun." " Then' don't," nil the eomjianv cried. "Stay with us, aud let Mr. Keuuedy wrltc it." " I have half a -miud to let you do It, just for the fun of the thing. It Js a chapter, chiefly of description, giving an account of my hero's escape from Fort Duqucsno." " If that's what you aro writing about I can do It, fee I know every foot of tho ground."' "Ail right, then," said Thackeray, re suming ihls seat at the board. " I.ct me 'have It early to-morrow .morning." Mr. Kennedy withdrew, and, going to Jils homo, wrote the fourth chapter of the second volume of "Tho Virginians" ; and tints :t 'happened that.,, tho narrative of the hero's flight was so accurate as lo the tnpo. graphy of tho country through which he passed. CfU s3 r . bummt. etrac. 