THE TINNED MEATS TRADE. We have already shown in a former article the possibility of indefinitely extending the trade in tinned or canned fruits bet ween Australia and Great Britain, and the same applies with an equal prospect of success to the export of preserved meats. This is the more necessary to provide an outlet for our surplus produc tion, for as settlement on the vast plains increases, so will there be a proportionate increase of our flocks and herds, which at the present slow rate of increase of popu lation will provide far more meat than will be required for home consumption. This has already occurred in the earlier years of these colonies, when the carcases of thousands of sheep, in no way unfit for human consumption, were boiled down for their tallow, there being no means of utilising the surplus production. It was impossible in those days' of long, and hazardous voyages to Great Britain to forward live stock and deliver them in good condition, and even in the present day, when steam navigation has bo won derfully abridged.the time and distance, such consignments have been found to be too risky to warrant a continuance of the practice.' But the scientific method of preserving any perishable articles by their enclosureinhermetically sealed enclosures, termed by us tinning and by the Ameri- caus as canning — which latter term cer tainly seems the most appropriate — has made practicable what was once impos sible, and enables food to be preserved witli all its nutritious qualities unimpaired for any length of time, and to transport it to the uttermost ends of the earth. We cannot hope to rival North and South America in their cargoes of live stock, the transit from the former, at least, occupy ing but a few weeks ; but there is nothing to prevent us competing with any country in the world in the supply of tinned meats. The trade has already been estab lished on a relatively small scale, and the rabbit, which not so long ago was looked upon as a destructive pest to the Aus: tralian colonies, has been transformed into a benefit by becoming an important article of commerce. These are preserved on the voyage by the cool storage prin ciple, as are also .carcases of beef and mutton ; but there seems no reason why the tinned goods, which supply the con sumer in smaller and more convenient quantities, should not find as much or greater favor with the swarming millions of the mother country. In Great Britain, nucio iiaoii rnoou irnoau uoat an to render it almost an unknown article of diet to the poorer classes, the advantage of being able to procure good meat in small quantities at a reasonable price must be obvious. That this advantage is appreciated and utilised by a large section of the community is shown by the Hon. Mr. Taverner's report before alluded to, and the reason given is a curious one. In the North of England and other great manu facturing districts in every case not only the head of the family, but the wife and the children over fourteen years of age, are in employment, with a constant increase in their income and purchasing power. But the necessary absence from home of the wife and elder members of the family during the day renders cooking impossible, and they are therefore constrained to procure tlieir food in the convenient form of canned goods. The industrial classes, when in receipt of good wages, will have none but the best kinds of food, and a large market s therefore open to Australian producers. Care, however, must .be taken that the "-quality of the goods is of the best, as is the case with fruits, or the reputation of Australian canned meats will soon de teriorate. In the case of meat, as in fruits, much depends upon the manner of placing the goods upon the market, an attractive label having a great effect upon the choice by the consumer. The Ameri cans are fully aware of this preference, and provide for it accordingly, with the consequence that at present American canned goods are most in request. The Australians have but to follow the ex ample to attain equal or better success, as the quality of the meat cannot be sur passed. It appears that at present the largest trade in Australian canned meat is done in boiled or corned beef, the latter being preferred, and packers are recom mending to adopt the taper tins, which it is ascertained will at once increase the popularity of the meat, as it has been aliown that firms who have dono so are already reaping the benefit, prices for corned beef ruling ab about 24s. for a dozen 61b. tins at the time of Mr. Tatbrner's visit to the. home coun try. This meat is retailed by the grocers, who dispose of it in smaller quantities by the lb. to consumers. It is mentioned to the credit of the Aus tralian packers that their tins are always full weight, while American are often only nominal, but there is a ctffficulty in making the public understand this. If 1 this fact were once established by ex perience there is no doubt the preference would be greatly in favour of the Austra lian product. There is at present a good demand for ox tongues, for which 2 to 31b. tins are recommended, and pigs' tongues, in lib. to 61b. tins are also in good re quest, as are also the tinned rabbits, of which, however, only the shoulder and back ahould be used. If these details be attended to the advance in price will amply compensate for the extra trouble involved, and if the efforts now being made to bring the various products of Aimt.rnlia within reach of British con sumers without the evil intervention of the middleman be successful, there seems every reason to anticipate a vast and in calculable extension of the trade.. Spectacles. — Persons suffering from weakness of eyesight, from whatever cause, are informed that Dr. Tobin, a duly qualified specialist in ocular defects, from the Yale Institute, Melbourne, will attend at Scott's pharmacy, Beechworth, to-morrow (Friday), 24th inst. The Yale spectacles are specially made to suit indi vidual cases, and no charge is made for sight-testing. - A Fine Bowlinb Performance.— When the Beechworth branch of the League of Victorian cricketers sent a team to Wangaratta some months ago to try conclusions with the Wangaratta district, all sorts of rumors were put forth for the extraordinary collapse or our local oars men. The merit of the opposing bowler was not then fully appreciated. Among those chosen to represent the Northern Bailiwick in the cricket arena in Mel bourne this week for the country cricket week, was the bowler Aitken, of Wangar atta (who played such havoc with the Beechworth team previously alluded to), and right worthily has he upheld his reputation. In playing against the South ern Bailiwick on Tuesday, which included the best batsmen in Ballarat and Geelong- he mowed down their stumps to the tune of eight wickets for 29 runs. The perform ance was so exceptionally fine that the Melbourne critics intend to watch his future performances, with a view to his inclusion in the intercolonial teams. Another fine performance was that of Sullivan, of Barnawartha, in the Bame team, who took six wickets for 30 runs in the first innings. Sullivan has proved his merit as an all-round cricketer, as he not only got a splendid bowling average, but he secured top score in each innings, which should surely recommend him to a position in the ranks of senior cricket.- The success of these two players amply justifies the efforts of Captain T. Vicars Foote and the officers of the Beechworth League of Cricketers in demanding a re cognition of country cricketers, who for years were ignored by the leading associa tion. Wasgaratta Police Court.— On Tues day, before Messrs. Bickerton and Pinker- ton, J's.P., Alexander McKenzie was charged with being drunk in Murphy street. The evidence of Constable Corry and another witness proved the offence. Defendant fell heavily on the footpatli and was thought to be so badly injured that Dr. Boyes was consulted, but the injury proved to be cemparatively slight, although an ugly gash was made on the side of his head. The chairman of the Bench admonished defendant, remarking that he had apparently made a big fool of himself and was a nuisance to other people. He advised him to seek a more quiet place than the main street of Wangaratta when next he got drunk. McKenzie was fined 5s. for being drunk, and 20s. for indecent behaviour. Notice to Creditors and Debtors. — As Messrs. Hardy and Kyle, carpenters, <!fcc., of Loch street, Beechworth, contem plate a dissolution of partnership at an early date, it is elsewhere notified that all accounts due be settled forthwith. It is also requested that all claims against the firm be sent in before 1st December. Beechworth Mining Board. — The next meeting of the Beechworth Mining Board is announced to take place on Wednesday next, 27th iust., at 10.30 a.m. Rechabitisxi. — A new Juvenile Tent of the Independent Order of Rechabites was successfully opened at Stanley on Monday evening last, the officiating officer being P.C.R. Bro. Jas. Broadfoot, of Beeoh worth, who was assisted by O.R. Bro. M'Kenzie aud Secretary Bro. Wiseman, of Stanley. Twenty candidates were in attendance, and were duly initiated as members of the Order. Twenty-four, names had been received, but the prevail ing epidemic of influenza was responsible for the absence of four. The folio .ving offi cers were elected and duly installed : — P.C.R., Bro. A. Anderson ; C.R., Bro. Bertie Kelly ; D.R., Bro. W. Hollister ; Secretary, Bro. A. Wiseman ; W.S., Bro. H. Breustedt ; M.S., Bre. S. Cook ; Levite, Bro. \V. Spencer ; Guard, Bro. A. Morrison. The young members were addressed on their duties and privileges by Bros. Anderson and Wiseman (Stan ley), and Broadfoot and Skidmore (Beech worth). Under the superintendence of Bros. Anderson and R. Johnson the new Tent, which is to be known as the " Ad vance Australia," promises to be a very successful one. Modern Railway Travelling Cars.— Passengers from Melbourne on the Sydney and Adelaide lines are likely, in the near future, to receive the benefit of some new specimens of the modern railway travel ling car. Attached to the commissioner's " special " to Bendigo were two carriages of improved design, the product of the department's workshops at Newport. The principle on which they have been constructed is very much that of the new corridor oars now running on express trains to Sydney and Adelaide, the main difference being that those used on Satur day are more roomy and commodious. In place of the narrow compartment with parallel seats, these carriages allow a com paratively wide space for flooring, and are fitted up in the drawingroom style. They are handsomely upholstered in white, the covering being what is known as Italian fibre. Very favorable opinions both as to their appearance and comfort were ex pressed by those who travelled in them on Saturday. The department has not yet decided positively as to the destination of . these cars, but in all probability they will be placed on the Sydney express service. Departure of the Mail.— Mails for Europe and the East will be despatched by the R.M.S. Orrauz on Wednesday, 29th November. The times for closing at the Beechworth Post Office will be as under :— For money orders, 3 p m. on Monday, November 27tli ; for registered letters, 12 noon on Tuesday, November 28th ; ordinary letters and newspapers, 11 p.m. on Tuesday, November 28th; and for parcels, 6 p.m. on Monday, November 27th. For Western Australia — Registered letters, 2 p.m. on Tuesday, November 28th. Intercolonial Cricket. — The match between teams representing New South Wales and Queensland was concluded at Sydney on Tuesday. The last wicket of the Queenslauders' first innings fell when 5 had been added to the overnight score, bringing up the total to 151. Following on, the team made a poor stand, being disposed of for 171. New South Wales thus won by au innings and 315 runs. Scores were : — New South Wales, first innings, 640. Queensland, first innings, 154 ; second innings, 171. A Fearful Accident. — Mr. Quast, a farmer residing near the Rock, was brought into Albury on Tuesday morning, suffer ing from very serious injuries, inflicted by his horses bolting and his being caught in a reaping machine. He sustained a ter rible scalp wound and compound fracture of one of his legs, one of his eyes was nearly gouged out, and the bone of the broken leg was protruding through the flesh. It is thought that the sight of the eye will be saved, but the injuries to the leg are of such a nature that amputation may have to be resorted to. Mr. Quast is in a critical state. The Suffragan Bishop of Ballarat at Wangaratta. — Bishop Cooper adminis tered the rite of confirmation at Holy Trinity Church, Wangaratta, on Tuesday evening. There was a crowded congrega tion, and a goodly number of candidates were presented by the vicar (the Rev. J. K. Hall), and one candidate was presented by the Rev. H. E. Mallet from Milawa. There would have been a much larger attendance of candidates if they had not been prevented by influenza and other causes. The service commenced with the singing of the 347th hymn, " Come Holy Ghost, Greater Blest." The vicar then read the preface to the confimation ser vice, which was followed by the bishop's address, based on Exodus xiv., 15 — "Go forward." His Lordship spoke most elo quently and learnedly. He dwelt upon national crisis, illustrating his points front the history of the Israelites, the Assyrians, the Babelonians, and the Greek and Ro man nations, and showing their analogy to the experiences of es«h individual The present service of confirmation is a crisis in the life of every confirmee. Let him use his opportunity and "go forward" in his spiritual course. Every man has his opportunity, aud his failure is traceable either directly or indirectly to the neglect of the time of his visitation. The Bishop concluded his address with a most im pressive and telling peroration, which was listened to with breathless attention by the very large congregation. After "the laying on of hands" the 280th hymn, " Thine for ever, God of Love," was then correctly and beautifully sung by the choir, the congregation joining lustily. A second address followed, in which his Tifir/lsliin said hfl wnnM cTiat f.Vinm Vintcr they could be helped to keep their vows and "go forward" in the Divine Life, and that was by the diligent use of the means of grace. There may be plenty of water in a reservoir, but channels are necessary for its distribution ; so the services of the sanctuary are means by which the water of life is administered to those who use them rightly. Private prayer is absolutely necessary— prayer which consists of- con fession, petition, intercession and thanks giving. At the conclusion of the second address hymn "O Jesus, I have promised to serve Thee to the end" was sung with truly devotional feeling, and after the benediction the congregation dispersed, having enjoyed a stirring and most edify ing service. Melbourne Supreme Court. —At this court, presided over by Mr. Justice Hood, rue rnai oi tviinain nenry oargeant, who was tried at the last Beechworth Supreme Court on a serious -charge in connection with his own daughter, a girl under 10 years of age, at Yackandandah, was resumed on Wednesday. Mr. J. T. T. Smith appeared for the Crown, and VI r. Robinson and Mr. Maxwell (in structed by Mr. F. H. Mackay) for the accused. His Honor summed up rather adversely to the accused, referring to the fact that he had not denied the child's statement. The jury found the accused- not guilty, and he was discharged. The Aubbrt Piano.— Those requiring a piano of good'quality, combined with a reasonable price, are referred to another column, in which the advantages of. the Aubert piano are set forth. The highest constructive skill and talent are united in the manufacture of these instruments, which can be obtained at very cheap rates or by small monthly payments. Cata logues and price lists can be obtained by writing to Sutton's Music Warehouse, Bourke-street, Melbourne. The Beechworth Town Band. — The advisability of this band being provided with uniforms, especially in view of the band contests in connection with the approaching Military Tournament, has for some time been mooted, and a large number of the ladies of Beechworth took up the- matter with their accustomed energy. A meeting was held on Tuesday evening in the private rooms at Mr. A. W. Foster's shop in Ford-street, to con sider the propriety of organising au enter tainment for tha purpose indicated, but in view of the. brief interval before the Tournament it was decided to postpone the matter until after the New Year, when there would be more probability of the affair being carried out successfully. Death of Mr. Thomas Permewan. — Mr. Thomas Permewan, managing di rector of the carrying firm of Permewan, Wright and Co., succumbed last week to a severe attack of influenza. Deceased was a native of Cornwall, England, and came to this colony 37 years ago, when he was 19 years old, and joined his brother in the carrying business. W hen the pre sent company of Permewan, Wright and Co. was formed, Mr, Permewan was ap pointed managing director, and retained the position until his death occurred, and it is mainly owing to his endeavors and capability that the firm has been so suc cessful. He was highly esteemed by all who knew him, and his demise is deeply regretted by his large circle of acquaint ances. Mr. and Mrs. P. S. Thomson went to Melbourne immediately on re ceipt of the intelligence of the death at- Wangaratta, and remained to take part in the funeral. A large number of floral tributes were received from all parts of the colony, showing the high respect in which deceased was held. University Extension Lectures. — The third lecture of this series, dealing with Shakspeare's play of " Othello," as the Tragedy of Outraged Honor, was de livered at the Theatre Royal, Wangaratta, on Wednesday evening by the Rev. John Tait, M.A. The following is the outline of the lecture : — 1. The Italy of the Re naissance : — The Venetian Republic, Ven ice and the Turk, the soldiers of the Republic, Giraldi Cinthio, literary history of the play. 2. A Model Tragedy Simplicity of plot, compression, intensity, " Thoughts that breathe and words that burn the key- note, " My life upon her faith seeming disproportion between means employed and effect produced ; the moral efficacy of pity and terror, the quintessence of all tragedy. 3. Analysis of Plot : — Interpretation of characters : the dissolving . of doubts ; expiation — " Naught did I in hate, but, all in honor." Country Cricket Week. — The two matches commenced in Melbourne on Monday were concluded on Tuesday. On the Richmond ground the Western Baili wick .defeated the Midland Bailiwick by an innings and 24 runs, the scores being — Western Bailiwick, first innings, 250 ; Midland Bailiwick, first innings 129, se cond innings 97. The Eastern Bailiwick defeated the Southern Bailiwick by 148 runs, the former scoring 110 and 194 against the latter's 91 and G5. In this match Sullivan, of Barnawartha, stood out conspicuously. He batted by far the best, and his 54 in the second innings of the Eastern Bailiwick was the outcome of really good cricket. Aitken, a left-handed bowler from Wangaratta, carried every thing before him, and bowled splendidly, obtaining 8 wickets for 29 runs. Sullivan, who in the first innings took 5 wickets for 16 runs, did not come off in the second innings, but the performance of these men in either innings was a good one. If Aitken can repeat his figures against the Victorian team on Friday and Saturday the intercolonial selectors will probably have to take his claims into consideration. A left-handed howler would be very valu able to Victoria at this juncture. E. Reed, of Kergunyah, made 15 in the first innings and 1 in the second, but was un successful in bowling. Powell, of Wo- donga, scored 2 in the first innings and 9 in the second, and took 3 wickets for 25 runs in the first innings but was not suc cessful in the second. On Wednesday the Eastern Bailiwick met the Western Bailiwick, but W6re disposed of for 96 runs, DuS (23) and M'Douald (20) being the highest scorers. We3t6ru Bailiwick had lo3t four wickets for 209 runs when play ceased, the principal scorers being M 'Roberts (53), Thompson (51) and Mel ville (49 not out). The Midland Bailiwick put up a total of 246 against the Southern Bailiwick. Perraton (81) and Stevens (39) being responsible for nearly half the runs. When stumps were drawn for the day the Southern Bailiwick had lost five wickets for 209 runs, to which Wanliss contributed 44, and Bailey 35 not out. Accident.— On Wednesday of last week Mr. J. Dodd, of Gundowring, met with a serious mishap. He was returning to his home when his horse took fright at a large black snake on the Barwidgee-road and bolted. The buggy collided with a bridge about two miles from Myrtleford, and was smashed to pieces. Mr. Dodd was thrown over the top rail of the bridge, and lay unconscious for about two hours. He was subsequently found by Mr. D. Niall, of Myrtleford and brought back. Mr. Dodd was very severely shaken but not seriously hurt. Cricket.— The most important match in connection with the Beechworth As sociation will take place at Baarmutha Park, Beechworth, on Saturday next, between teams representing Beechworth and Stanley. As both teams will put their best eleven in the field an exciting game is anticipated. The following team have been chosen to do battle for Beech worth : — Apple ton, Casey, Dettmann, Ellen, Ford, Harnell, Horsfield, Morri son, M'Donnell, Pemberton and Ryau ; emergency, Ronnie. All players are re quested to be on the ground at 1.30 p.m. sharp. Xmas and New Year. — This year Christmas Day falls on a Monday, and the Government, following the course adopted last year, when it fell on a Sunday, has decided to proclaim the immediately preceding Saturday, Christmas and Box ing days public holidays. This will en- nable holiday makers to get out of town on Saturday, and to have three clear days at the seaside or at some rural retreat. Monday and Tuesday, 1st and 2nd January, will also be observed as public nAliHoiTa The Attorney-General's Visit to England. — In the Assembly on Tuesday, Mr. A. L. Tucker asked if it were true, that the Government had consented to the Attorney-General going to England for the purpose of .defending an appeal case of the Melbourne Tramway and Omnibus Company against the Fitzrpy City Council. There was considerable feeling in the mat ter, and he asked the question in the public interest. The Premier : The hon. the Attorney-General consulted me with regard to the desire that existed that he should proceed to England for the purpose of appearing before the judicial committee of the Privy Council with regard to the appeal case of the Melbourne Tramway Company against the Fitzroy Council. I said the Government would not .raise any objection to his going, . nor do I see any uojection. air. a., u. i ucxer reic oouua, in the interests of his constituents, to take notice of the matter, for he felt that Fitzroy had obtained a thorough slap in the face. On the following day he would move a motion expressing disapproval of the Government's action. The Tobacco Industry.— The Com missioner of Customs, in reply to Mr. J. a. Isaacs, said there was no intention of bringing in a bill to revise the exciseduty on tobacco, particularly in view of the near approach' of federation. From this statement we may gather that the Minis ters are unconcerned about the present depressed state of the tobacco industry, which is languishing and threatened with extinction. Mr. J. A. Isaacs pointed out that of the three causes— blue mould, excessive excise, duty and local monopoly — assigned for the existing deplorable, state of affairs, the most serious was the high excise on the locally produced article. Be urged that this duty be reduced from 9d. to Gd. . per lb., but the Commissioner of Customs said the Government had " no intention whatever" of taking the matter up, but would pass it on as a legacy to the Federal Parliament. Personal Explanation.— In the Legis lative Assembly on Tuesday, Mr. Bowser stated that .in the " Argus" of Friday he was reported to have spoken on the Fac tories and Shops Act Amendment Bill, and there was an inuendo that he had made a lightning change in his views. As he did not address the House on the occasion referred to in the paragraph, he resented the insinuation that he had sud denly altered his opinion. A 13lb. Nugget.— Two miners at New- stead, named Rogers and Freeman, un earthed a nice nugget of gold on Monday, which weighed 131b. 2oz. The find, oc curred within a few feet from where M. Butt found a nugget weighing over 501b. several months ago, at Yandoit Creek. Death of an Old Colonist. — The death, of one of the oldest residents of Echiica in the person of Mrs. Anne Jallaghan occurred at Echuca on Monday night from influenza. The deceased lady was much respected, and has been a resi dent there for over forty years. She was one of the largest property holders in Echuca and leaves a grown-up family. Daring Safe Robbery at Mulwala. — Information was sent to Superintendent Connolly at Benalla on Monday of a dar ing burglary which had been committed at Mulwala at an early hour, the scene of operation being Mr. Green's store. The particulars to hand are very meagre, but it appears that the thieves managed to effect an entrance to the building without attracting attention, and they carried away the safe, which was found broken open, and its contends, consisting of £20 in gold, notes and silver, two cheques for £80 and ' £52 respectively, and a gold watch, were taken. In addition to the robbery of the safe, several articles of clothing were taken from the store. It is suspected to have been the work of either Melbourne or Sydney thieves. ... The Melbourne Sheet Market.— Fat Sheep -13,000 yarded on Tuesday.— The quality was well suited to trade require ments, prime crossbreds being fully re presented, through medium weight we thers, especially merinoes, were within requirements. The demand was active, and prices ruled fully Gd. per head in ad vance of last week's improved rates. Prime crossbred wethers, from 12s. 3d. to 13s. 9d. ; good do. do., from lis. to 12s. ; prime crossbred ewes, from 10s. Gd. to lis. 6d. ; extra heavy do. do., from 12s. to 12s. Gd ; good do. do., from 9s. 6d. to 10s. 3d. ; others, from 8s. 6d. ; prime merino wethers, from 12s. to 13s. 3d. ; good do. do., from 10s. 6d. to lis. Gd. ; others, from 8s. Gd. ; merino ewes, from 7s. Gd. to 10s. 3d. Fat Lambs. — 10,000 penned. Sales were readily effected, and in some cases prices showed a further im provement of Gd. per head. Prime sold at from 9s. 3d. to 10s. 6d. ; extra, at lis. 3d. ; good, 8s. 6d. to 9d. ; second, 7s. 6d. to 8s., with shorn lambs, from 6s. 6d. to 9s. 7d. Tolmie Railway.— In reference to the proposed extension of the Wangaratta and Whitfield through Tolmie to Mansfield, Mr. Graves has written a lengthy letter to the Minister of Railways, asking that he will cause it to be referred to the Parliamentary Standing Committee at an early date. He has forwarded a petition from the local railway league regarding the matter, and he adds : " Of course without your concurrence the matter of presenting such a petition to Parliament is an empty farce, because in that case the motion would be ' That this petition do lie on the table of Parliament,' and there it would remain in 'Glory un touched ' until the judgement until you or your government took action thereon." Mr. Graves then proceeded to point out the urgency of the case, "as it means absolutely the retention or the deporta tion of five hundred exceptionally nseful, energetic agriculturists. " Subsequently Mr. Graves had an interview with Mr. Williams upon the matter. He has since received the following letter: — "I am directed by the hon. the Minister of Rail ways to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 4th inst. forwarding a printed copy of the petition of the president and councillors of the Shiro of Mansfield to the hon. the Speaker and members of the Legislative Assembly, praying that the narrow gauge line, Whitfield to Mansfield through Tolmie, be referred to the Stand ing Committee. — "Courier." Dairying.— The Benalla Butter Mak ing Company is advised from London that its various shipments have realised 122s., 1 16s.-, 112s,, 110s., 106s, and 104s. Dur ing the past month the company bought 161,563 gallons of milk at a cost of £2212. The price paid per gallon was 8d., and the average test 3.7. 