A LAWYER BURGLAR. A grey-haired man with a prematurely old face shambled into tho vestibule of a restaurant one night, aud pressing his fuce against the glaBB door gazed hungrily in at tho throng anrund tho tables. About three tables frotffthu door sat a man iu earuett conversation with another man, when he hap pened to glance up and Bee tho hggaard faco pressed against tho pane. Ho started, looked intently at the face, and then jump ing from his chair ran to tho door. Ho grabbed tho arm of the grey-haired man, who ha'.l started to go away, whispered a few words to him, came back and got his hat and coat, and then left tho restaurant. His friend sat at the table patiently awaiting his return. Tho man who went out was a detec tive, who had come to take back a fugitivo from justice, and tho man who sat waiting for him was an ollicor who had been enter taining him. It was almoat an hour before the detective returned. Ho.cume in looking very much perturbed throw himself in his chair, and said: — ' Talk about seeing ghoBts! I though , I'd seen one then. That man there liaB ju?j I risen' from llio grave. 'I ho dead alive agaiu. i or, at least, I know aeveial.tundied people who'd think so if they'd Been lhat man as I saw him looking through lhat door an hour ago. But he's llesh nn'l blood, and would you believe il, bo's worth £600 in tho ma rket to .day.'' If there was £10,000 reward out against him I wo'uidn't,tako him in. Wily, there wasn't a question but - what he was dead. Thai's why I called him a ghost, and ho iB but a ghost of what he was a few yaars ago. | Ten yeara. ago there was a series of rob beries, evidently , the work of an expert cracksman that we wero hard put to it to get any clue of tho identity of the man. I Blaited on -tiio theory lhat no local man could doBuchwoik.- Burglar alarms, safes, and watchmen wero alike of no avail against this individual, and in not one instance was a job of his discovered until business houra the following day. Now, about a month before theBe burglaries began a young lawyer moved to town, opened an ollice, took a I house in tho fashionable part of the city, and, with his wife, began to cut quite a figure in local society. I shall call him James Wright. He seemed lo have plenty of money, and his wife, who was very pretty, became very popular. As for Wright, he was.a handsome young fellow, with the figure of an Apollo, and a knack of attiring himself in becoming clothes that speedily won for him tho reputation of being the beBt dressed man in town. I went to my room at seven o'clock one morning, having worked ail night at one of theBe robberies. An hour later I was rousesd by a newspaper reporter who had asbisted me in several of my cases, and brought me the news that Blank's Bauk had been entered during the night, the vaults opened, and £2,000, Blolen. When I got to tho bank aud looked over the gruund I realised for the tirbt lime what a clever man I was uj? against in the work of running down the author of these robberies. For a week I frequented all tho low resorts in town, hoping to get a cljie, but it was all in vain. The tough characters in town wereaa much mystified over theBe robberies aB 1 was. Ever since tho -robbery of Blank's bank I had carried with me a brass button that I had found - in the vault there. I hadn't much hope bf ever getting hold of my man through it, but it was u clue, and, without Baying a word about my find to anybody, I carried it with me always and just waited for some thing to turn up, It happened in this way; — ' The Wright'B gave a fancy dress ball. -It was the sweliest social function in years, and local Bociety turned out to it. The Chief sent me to that ball to sort of look out for things, for the women had all their jewellery out. I suddenly saw something which made mo start. A man dressed as a costermonger walked-, across the floor and - apoke to a masked lady. Then lie walked out into the hall and went upstair?: ' Who was that man'/1 I asked rather abruptly of a woman I had been talking to. ' I don't know,' she Baid, ' but if you really want to know I can tind out, for the woman he Bpoke to ia our hostess, Mrs. Wright.' ' I have a reason for wanting to know,', I said, and my companion walked across the room without hesitation and sat down beside Mrs. Wright. I tell you I waB -on-the anxious seat then. Why? Ol-, noth ing,, excepting tiiat on the legs of the coster monger's trouBerB, down at the bottom, there wore little rows of braBs buttons, and I had seen lhat one was misBing from the left leg, and that the buttons corresponded with t'ae one I found. in Blank's bank, ' Why, that was Mr. Wright,' said my messenger, return ing; ' now take me out and get me some lunch.' How I wanted to drop her that moment and get to work. But I went, alio chatting merrily and I with my thoughts any where but with her. When we got in the hall, oat of sight of the other gnestB, she speedily brought me lo my Benses. Gripping me by the arm, she looked me squarely in the face and' said:— ? See here,' you're a detective. I know it. Now, what do you want of Mr. Wright?' She Jaughed right in my face. ' Are you go ing to tell me or not?' aheBaid. ' Madani,' I Baid, for I saw there was no use trifling with, her, ' I do not know you, and if I did I would have no right, to disclose mattorsthat ai,-v^on- tided to. me by my superiors. I.am a detective here by invitation of your hoBt, to concern myself with the welfare* of his guests and lo do nothing else. I have not nought.,! o thrust myself on any of the guests and'— ' You shall tell me this thing at once,' - she said, paying no attention to my apologies. 1 You can trust me. Look and see if you can't,' and she raiBed her mask. I hud been talking lo the wife of the President of tho Board of Police Commissioner's, a woman famous, there for her cleverness. ' I happen to know the work you've been- engaged on of late. I'm lin terested, too. la it Wright?' I made no answer. ' Is it Wright?' she insisted, stamp ing her foot. ' I cannot talk bucIi things with you here,' I said. '-Gome lo my house to morrow,' she said. ' Before you go, though, let me warn you to act quickly if ( you're going to act at all. These people are nearing the finish.' [ I called next morning,' and she told me the facts. Like all clever men, Bhe Baid, Wright j has a weakness. He adores that wife of his j and truBts her. She iB a bad woman' niad has nn affair on hand now. Ho. haSjno :tiionoy save what-he geta from time tti liino, the life ^''dsngerous. and it wouldn't surpiise mo if she skipped out with one of our prominent citizenB at any timo. If Wright had a hua picion of this he'd kill her without a doubt. You must act quickly or all your woik will ~be in vain. Shortly after ton o'clock the next morning the president of the bauk in the city was seated in his private office when Mr. James Wright's card was handed to him. ' Show Mr. Wright in.' he said. Mr. Wright ' walked in and -oat down. * Mr. Proaident,' 1 ?he. said. ' I am going to leave town torday for.good. My wife haB already gone, but as I liad a matter of business to attend to be- ' fore going I- stoyed over.'' 'Exactly, Mr. ; Wright, exactly,' Baid the Presidont, ' 1 want a cheqne for £4,000,' Baid Wright. ' A. 1 very'-largo amount,' said the Presidont. I ? Have you the caali noar by?' 'My dear Bii, ' I haven't a cent in the world.' 'But; Mr. Wright, we can scarcely — ' 'Now I'm not here to argue,' said Wright, ' but to get the 1 money. My time is very limited. Since I' have been in town I have had to depend on - the carleBBneBB and stupidity of its well-to-do citizens -for a livelihood. You will bxcubo me if I insist on a little haste in Hub matter,' and Mr. James Wright, pulled out two shiny new revolverB. * It would pain ? mo veiy much to have to use theBe.' he said, ' but if it becomes necessary I shall uso them with out hesitation. Now please write tho cheque.' The President, a man over sixty, was mightily frightened, and he wrote out a cheque for £4.000 aud tosBed it over to Wright. 'Take it nud go, you dumned 'BCoundrol,' ho said. 'Not so fast, not bo fast,' said Wright. ' Your cashier would certainly think I was joking if 1 took this cheque out to him. And you, what would you be doing ? I don't suppose you'd ait here patiently, would you ? Np, no, my dear sir, you will t come- to the cashier with me, will order him ! In uiish this cheque, then we will retnrn here I nnd count tho money, after which I will lock you in tho room and depart, and, by tho way, if thore is the slightest interruption to tho proceedings I will pnt a bullet through my head, but first I will Bend one to your heart.' Not a man, woman, or child could bo found who saw him after he left tha bank. A dusoriptoin of him was sent out through the country. £2,000 rewurd was offered for his capture, but five years ago the rewards wore all withdrawn, save ono of £20,- which still stands. As for Mrs. Wright, Bhe eloped with a prominent citizen, and before she got through with him ho was almost a bankrupt.' ' And that was Mr. James Wiight whoBe face wo saw pieBaid against Ihe glass door to-night?' asked the officer. ' It was,' said tho detec tive, ' nnd he is a vngrunt to-day, hiB splen did nervo and wonderful ability wreckcd by his wife's infidelity. He told me jnat now that I10 lived but to kill her.' 