ROMANCE OF AH ACTRESS. FROM '/HE PALACE TO THE GARRET. At the -laBt Salon in Paris a plaster bust of Mile. Clairon, by the sculptor, Henri Gauquie, in collaboration with tho architect, Guillaume, attracted considerable attention. Now the French journals announco that the friends of the drama in France propose to have a marble copy of this buBt erected in the public square of the town of Conde-sur. Escaut, the birthplace of La Clairon. Clairon was tho Bernhardt of hor time^ She was so puny as a baby that immediately after hor birth slio was, like Voltaire, hurried to the church to be baptised. But when the chuich was reached it waB found to be closed. The parsonage, too, was empty. The priest and his vicar wero at a masquerade ball, for it was tho day of the town carnival, and the priest was helping his parishioners to cele brate it. The baby was carried at oncc to the ballroom, wliBro the priest was disguised as a harloquin and tbo vicar as a clown. They judged the baby's condition to be sufficiently critical to demand immodiate attention. So they btopped tne muBic then and there, and taking the necessary materials from a sideboard, performed the rite. But they need not have been in Buch haste, for the life-thread of the baby was not to be cut until'79 years later. They called the baby Cluire; her full name is given as Claire Hippolyte-Josephe Legris de Latude. Clairon had a harsh mother, who used to punish her by locking her up in an isolated room. Opposite tu this room lived Mile .Dangeville, who became one of the greatest of soub rettes. Clairon used to see her taking sing ing lessons and lesaons in dancing; she used to see ber receiving the praise and encourage ment of her family ; she was pained at the difference between her own life and that of her neighbour, aud what she Baw and felt fired her with an ambition to become an actress. Tho first visit tht Clairon made to a theatre had sjch an effect on her that during the whole tiino of the play and the rest of tho evening sho could not be made to speak. She says, in her ' Memoirs,' that after re turning from the theatre, the only thing she heard that night was the command, ' Go to bed, you big goose!' She ran off to bed only to remain awako, going over .in her mind all that she had Been and heard at the theatre. The next morning she aslonished her friends and relatives by repeating more than a hund red verses of the tragedy and about two thirds of the little play. But this did not please her mother. She said she would rather her daughter knew how to mako a dress or a night-gown. Still the child per sisted in following the course that she had hiapped out for herself, and blows and slaps were powerless to turn her. Threats to starve her, and to break her bones if she did not work, only angered her to the point of exclaiming — 'Kill me, then, at once, for otherwise I shall go upon the stage!' At length she became the pupil and after wards tho rival of the celebrated Marie Fran coiao ..Dumesni), and her interpretation of Corneille, Racine, and Voltaire led Bachan mont lo say — ' Hardly i^ she announced be fore the house is filled; the moment Bhe ap pears Bhe is applauded with tho utmost en thusiasm; shs is the most finished work of art; she is Melpomene embellished by Phidias.' While at the height of her fame Clairon was viBited by countesses and pt in- ceaseB. She was the intimate of such men as Marshal de Richelieu, J. F. Marmontel, the Marquis de Ximenes, and tho Margrave of Arispach. Louis XV. himself came-to see her, and of. him she said to Mme. de Pompa dour:— 'He owes his royalty to chance, 1 owe mine to genius.' For her. unrulinoss she was imprisoned in Fort I'Eveque. She transformed her prison into a banquet room, giving sumptuous suppers. Tile carriages of her visitors were lined up outside the prison door, as though in front of the door of a hotel. Her per sonal appearance at the age of 22 or 23. was th'us''described by a contemporary: ' She js-.^xtremely pale; her head is handsome, and hef 'eyes are large and full of lire. Her mouth is ornamented with beautiful teeth, and her throat is well placed. She arises without affectation, her form is graceful, and she has a very modeBt address. Without being an accomplished beauty she is a person that anyone would call charming.' But Clairon was not alone great, as an actress; her writings relative to the roles of her repertoire have 'been pronounced ex cellent pieceB of literary criticism. Among other things .she wrote a manual for players, entitled ' Reflexions sur la Declamation Theatrale.' She is credited with haviog been the firBt to conceive the idea of a con servatory where actorB should' receive all the instruction necessary in their art, aud she is said to have b;en among the iiiBt to see the powerful effect produced by thn realism of the English stage. French drama has Deen adjudged to be greatly indebted to her 'for what she did to introduce into it an oloment of resemblanco to truth. She effected a revolution in costumes, ridiculing the ideas of playing Roxana, one of.hsr triumphs, in robes a la Fraricais. Yet, in spite of her genius and intelli gbhe'cifsClari^ yras superstitious; This has been attributed- to the effect of the ghost atoriea and tales of witchcraft with which hor childhood was filled. In'the story* of her lifo she relates as a fact that a Btzitor whom she had rojocted sent for her to visit him on his deathbed: that she refused to go; that at 11 o'clock iu the evening, whon she gave the refusal, the company assembled at dinner in her house heard a strange and piercing crj of anguish; that she fainted; and that every evening at the same hour t he same cry was heard! A few weeltB later the cry ceased, but in its place came a pistol shot through her window. Everybody saw the flaBh, but tho window remained whole. Dctectives wero set to wuteh in the belief that some ser vant was playing a trick, but at the Barne hour night after night the same thing occurred, and nobody could be seen. One night. when Clarion was taking fresh air on a piazza tbe shot 'occurred at the usual hour;' and sho felt a strong slap upon her cheek. Another time when she was riding past the house where the rejected suitor died three shots wpro fired through tho windows of the coach. The coachman thought it was an attack of robbers and whipped up the horses. The BhotB, after- several nights, gave place to hand-claps, which were followed in their turn by an enchanting voico singing a beautiful ttnd toubhing air.One day an old lady dressed in black called to sos Mile. Clairon. She was a relatiye of tho rejected ono, and Bhe told the greats actress that-, having been with him \n his last moments, she heard him exclaim when informed of Clairon's refusal to viBit him — ' I' Bhall follow her irhen I am dead, aB I have followed licr in my lifetime !' At last the great Clairon fell into disfavour and sank back into her original poverty. Dressed in wornout clothes, sho lived during her last days in a single room, which she was forced lo sweep herself. She was buried in the Cemetery of Pere.la Chaise. For a long time her tomb was neglected, but lutely the Comedio Francuise has had it repaired. Such iB the story of La Clairon who is called the foremost . tragic actress of tho eighteenth century. A French journalist said of her — ' She started from nothing and to nothing Bhe, returned, aftor having swung round the circlo that passes over the peakB .of glory.'' 