WHAT IS THE VALUE OF THE CAPITAL? Two years back we roughly estimateil the value of the Federal capital at £300,000 a year, It it Were located in or near any one of the existing metropolitan cities. Where so much is in reality problematical, it is admittedly Impossible to form any very close approximation of the cash valuo ot the seat ,of government to the neighborhood by which it is surrounded, or to the port which is nearest, but it is evidout enough that it must bo considerable. It is certaiuly not to be measured by upwards of one hundred mem bers of Parliament "spending their £400 a year, nor by Ministers and a Governor-Gene ral spending their £32,000. That only comes to about £65,000. The Parliamentary, Minis terial, and departmental establishments mean a great deal more than that, and the society and fashion attending a vice-regal court, the visitors, both Australian nnd extra-Australian, to a locality which will cer tainly be made the "show-place" of this con tinent, and the trade built up by hundreds of officials, and probably thousands of troops, because the military headquarters are hound to accompany, the capital, are safe to swell the cash. Importance of the seat of govern ment greatly. .- The newspapers must all keep important staffs at the Federal capital. The telegraphic work to all parts of the con tinent will he enormous, and such is the ex tent. to which the provincial Governments will be dependent, upon the Commonwealth that there can be small doubt they will have to maintain representatives permanently in touch with the Federal Treasurer. Strangely, under the circumstances, the Enabling Bill does not provide a channel for the establish ment of- diplomatic relations between the Conmonwenltli and the States, but necessity will involve the establishment of such rela tions all the same. Now, in- these colonies we have mi illus tration on a small scale of the power of a capital to attract to itself wealth and pros perity- Wo have only to contrast the growth of Auckland, Dunediu, and Welling ton Utiriug the past thirty years to see clearly what a real power it exercises. When Wellington was made the capital of New Zealand, In 1805, it was a comparatively small township of 7000 people. Iu 181)7 that population had grown to 44,700. Eveu from 1891 to 1897 more than eleven thou sand people were added to the population of Wellington, whereas Auckland only gained seven thousand, Christeliurch four thousand, and Dutiedin two thousand. The trade of Wellington, too, has grown remark ably—fur more than 'tlint of the other ports, though it has not the goldllelds and natural attractions of Auckland, nor the grain and mutton prestige of Christeliurch, nor does It serve anything like the wide district (hat Dunediu caters for. The cnpltai lias prac tically made Wellington. But it may he said Wellington Is a seaport, and the seat of tlie entire Government of New Zealand. On' the other hand, New Zealand, from its geographical structure, must be more decen tralised than Australia. There are other In stances in point. When Florence became the capital of Italy, It boomed amazingly. When the capital went to Rome, Florence financially was ruined. Admittedly, Wash ington has not ruined New York, nor has Ottawa ruified Montreal, Quebec, or To ronto. All are important centres of trade, as Sydney, Melbourne, and our other Aus tralian ports must continue to be. The establishment of a Federal capital, even as a permanency, in Melbourne would not ruin Sydney. But it would certainly withdraw a not inconsiderable volume of trade, and an ' Increasing volume of trade, . aiid an accession of oven £200,000 or £300,000 a year to the spending power of either city would give it an Impetus which would certainly send It into the; foremost rank. .Of late years. Sydney, lias had a decided advantage over Melbourne because it has been a free port. Ships would take lower freights iuto and out of Sydney. Bur Federation menus that Sydney, as a port, is for all time to ho closed to the same extent as Melbourne, aud, at the same time, that the Kivcrlna Is to be thrown open to competition from Melbourne on equal terms. Tills, quite apart from t lie question of the capital, Is a loss to Sydney and a gain to Melbourne, and then come the questions of the larger contributions by tills colony tl> the Federal taxation, and tile location of the capital, for some years at any rate, fixed in the southern metropolis. Incidentally, Alliury is putting lu Its claim to tlie capital, whenever it may bo shifted under that remarkable clause which runs— '"tlie Parliament shall sit at Melbourne until it: meets at the seat; of government." Where Is Alhur.v appealing for support to a claim which, admittedly, it lias as much right to put forward as any other town in. New South Wales outside the hundred miles radius from Sydney? Naturally, not to Now 'South Wales. .Here every town having- a ghost of a chance is running its own claims for all they are worth. It was a Victorian who urged the people of Albury to awaken the people of Ills colony to the advantages tlioy had to offer, and to Invite delegates from AHetorian towns for the purpose. It must, be admitted that in the Federal Parlia ment a Victorian vote will he just as good as one from New South Wales in determining the situation of the capital, nnd tho people of Alliury aro wise In' their generation in taking the steps tlioy have decided upon. For all that, Alhur.v is practically Victorian already, aud, were It to succeed, Melbourne would he the port for the Federal capital beyond all question. Had the Common wealth Bill provided that tlie hundred miles htm should have applied to the southern bor der of tills colony equally with Sydney, the situation would have been far more clearly and fairly indicated. As it is, tlie light over tlio location may go on Interminably.- Canada could not settle the question of her capital, nor could New Zealand. Canada had to appeal to the Queen to fix tlio site, while New Zealand was compelled to appeal to Now South AVales, Victoria, and Tasmania to fix the locality of her capital. It is a struggle which will set all parts of this colony against eaeli oilier, to the weakening of its vote materially, and at such times tho collective votes of a neighboring State will tell with far greater effect, Had the bill definitely left the question of determin ing "the seat of government" to the Queen, as Canada did prior to Federation, wo might have had the locality fixed within twelve months. As it is, there is nothing in the bill rendering it imperative to settle the question at any time, and the bill certainly does not gtvo this colony tho smallest privi lege to determine the site herself. 