ll The Mystery of the Incarnation. « MEBOY AND TRUTH HAVE MET ; JUSTICE AND PEACE \- HAVE KISSED.' AN ELOQUENT SERMON. His Eminenco tho Cardinal delivered his second Lenten discourse bo a large congrega tion at St. Mary's on Sunday evening. Taking for his text, ' The Word was made Floah, and dwelt amongst us '? (St. John I. 13), ho said :— The mystery of the Incarnation is the ? most sublime as it is the most consoling lesson that DiA'ino Faith teaches. God becomes man that man may become like to God Himself. This magnificent grace is tho end, the crowning work, the porfeotion of God's mercy for our sinful race. Earth is lifted up to hoavon itself: 'Mercy and truth have mot; justioo and peace have kissed' (Ps. 84). I purpose to sob before you this evening the teaching of the Church on this great mystery. The words of the Evangelist at once recur to mind : 'In the beginning was tho Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. Tho same was in tho beginning with God. All things were made by Him, and without Him was made nothing that was made. In Him was life, and the life was the light of men : and tho light shinebh in dark ness, and tho darkness did not comprehend it. Ho came ..unto His own, and His own roooivod Him not. But as many as received Him, Ho gave them power to be made tho . sons of God, to them that believe in His name. And tho Word was made Flesh and dwelt amongst us, and wo saw His glory, the glory as it wore of the Only Begotten' ' of the Father, full of graoo and truth' (John I. 1). Such is the groat, tho ineffable mystery of tho Inoarnation. r I. do nob pro pose to enter into the proofs of the dootrine of faith, but only to sketch for you the teaching of tho Church in its regard. As St. Augustine writes it is only tho mind onlightontsd by proof of tho faith that can embvaoe it, It is 'by pray or and longing dosiro' that meditating on such a mystery we may hope by God's grace bo advance in the perception of divine truth, and in tho love of hoavonly things. There are two things whioh wo may oon srder in this groat mystery : First wo may ask, what is tho dootrino of the Church re garding the mystery itself? and secondly, what aro the fruits that oome to us through the Inotirnaticm of our BIobbocI Lord ? THIS EOUOKNAL WOKD. ., . It has boon tho fate of the Inoavnabion to bo misconceived by tho world : 'The Light shinoth in tho darkness, and tho dark ness did not comprehend it' (John I. 0). And yet ib has never ceased to shod its brightest rays upon tho minds of tho humble and tho lowly, the ' little ones ' of whom ?'tho Soripburo speaks. Tho Eternal Word beoomos man, The Second Person of the Blessed Trinity, from all otornity in His divine nature equal to tho Father and Sharer of His Glory, takes to Himself a human nature in tho ohdsto womb of the Blessed Virgin, and booomoa in all. things, oxoopt'sln, like unto us. Thoro is no com mingling of those two natures j they remain distinct,, but they both subsist in tho one Divine Porson, Thus tho Eternal Word truly enters tho sphere of this world of ours, tho whole earth will bo filled with a now heavenly light, fountains of mercy and of blessing will spring up in tho desert till it bloasometli as tho rose ; all this light and V all this moroy is the gift of a Divine Porson who is true Man Indeed, but in whom ' tho fulnoHs of the Godhead corporally dwollobh ' (Col. II. 0), and who in name and in fact is 'above all, God bloasod for over' (Rom. ixO), To roaliso how infinitely groat and grand is thia mystery, and how pregnant of bless i,ugB it is to us, we may recall to mind that . tho Jewish dispensation of old, with all its Bplondour of faith and worship, was only a ipreparatlon for tho coming of the .Redeemer, ;? It was only as if a shadow of tho substanoo, like tho dim light of dawn, that ushers in tho brilliant rays of tho rising sun and tho fuH light of joyous day, Ana yet tho Jew ish prophet would, ory out in an eostaoy of delight! ''Whab nation has Ibu Gods so near, ub Johoytvh io with us V' What mani festations of Divino powor do wo not seo , lavished upon that ohoHon people, what solicitude to supply its wants and guard its interests, what miracles to give It victory over. its enomlea, and to keep it In the ob« ;' Horvanao of God's holy law. All this was bub a preparation for tho loving' care and Divine watohfulnoss that in tho Incarnation of the Redeemer would bo oxtondorl to. us. Tho minute details of JowIbIi worship and sacrifice, dictated by God HInihoU, wore bo many typos and figures of tho Saviour, Tho Patriarchs and Pr.oph.otB, tho iusplrod . — . ? . , writers, tho Temple itself, the centre of Jewish life, had 'for their purpose to prepare the way, and to lead man to the outpour ing of God's blessings in the day of Re demption. . Tub Religious History of the World. The religious history of the world may be said to be a volume in two parts. The 'first 'is one of preparation : it foreshadows and prophesies what is to be. The other is the fulfilment and presents the narrative of the events prophesied. They are both great witnesses to God. Ho is seen to be Muster of the times, since, Ho announces long before what -they will be ; and Ho it is Who has brought them to be fulfilled, as Ho foretold them by tho voice of prophocy. Three stages may be noted in. the unfolding and development of prophocy rogarding the .Redeemer Who was to come. In the first, which extends to tho time of tho delivery from Egypt, it was announced ? that Ho would crush tho serpent's head; He would bo of the raco of Abraham,, Isaac and Jacob ; He would bo tho hope of all nations ; tho supreme authority would nob pass from Juda, until He would come ; He would be ao a star arising from Jacob, and a sceptre from Israel. This first stage closes with the, groatJowish loader, who forotolls that the' promisod One would bo tho ? Prophet, the Lawgivor, the Teacher, the Ruler, tho De liverer of Israel, In the second stage, which ombracos the period of the Kings David and Solomon, He is presented to us as an Ideal King, the Ruler of the future of tho world. Ho is tho anointed of God, His Sonshin is divine, his inheritenco ombraoos all nations, they who trust in Him are blossod, thoy who inour His wrath, shall perish with swift destruction. His form is of more than human beauty, His lips overflow with grace, God has blessed Him for ever. Ho is invoked as God, Ho is enthroned upon an everlasting throne, Ho is a Priost as well as King, a High-Priest for over not aaoording to tho type of Aaron, but 'aaoording to tho order of Molohisodeoh.' Tho needy, tho friendless, tho alllloted will bo the speoial objects of His tender care. His empire will be spiritual, conferring peace on tho world by righteousness, Ho will bring to His subjects juab judgment, salvation, delivoranoo, redemption. Tho third stage is that of the Greater and Minor Prophets. Prophecy here expands into tho fullest particularity of detail ro spooting tho human lifo of the Messiah, and at tho same timo it mounts to tho clearest and most distinct assertion of his Divinity, Tho Redoomor of Israel is declared to bo the very Creator, who by Himsolf will savo His people. He is tho Wonderful, exaltod be yond all that tho human mind can roach, tho Fabhor of tho Everlasting Age, the Prinoo of Poaoo, tho Mighty God. Ho will choose a Virgin for Hia Mother ,; ho tho true Emmanuel. His presence shall be the glory of tho souond Temple ; ho will bo tho Angol of tho Covenant, himsolf Jehovah whom Israel was Hooking, the Sun of righteousness to ..onlighton His people. Two* instanoos will suffice to illustrate tho minuteness of dotail and tho fulness of imagery with whioh in those iprophocios tho mission of tho Rodoomor is described. Tho prophets Etteohiol and Isaiah present him to us as the divine Shopherd who comes to guide and rulo His Hook, Tho former, in the 34th chapter, laments that the (look of God was ' scattered, wandoring on every mountain and hill, tho-.prey of all the boasts of the field,' and then ho adds t ' Thus saith the Lord God \ I myself will seek my sheep, and will visit them. As tho Hhophord visitoth his slioop, so will I visit my sheep, and will deliver them out of all tho plaoos where they wore soattored in tho aloud and dark day. I will sook that whioh was lost, and that whioh was driven away I (wlll bring again, and I will bind up that which was broken, and I will sbrongbhon that whioh was weak, and that whioh was strong I will preserve, I will food them on tho mountains, by the rtvoVB, in tho most fruitful pastures, and their pastures shall' bo in the high moun tains of Israel t there shall thoy rest on, the groen grass, to bo fed in fat pastures upon tho mountains of Israel,' The sumo Idea is developed by loalas in thoMObh chapter) ' Lift up thy voioo with strength, thoii that brlng^Hb good tidings to Jerusalem } lift it up, four not, Say to tho cities of Juda i Behold your1 God, Behold, tho Lord God shall come and His arm shall rulo, Ho shall food His sheep Uko'a shepherd i-Ho shall gathor together the lambs with His . arm and shall take them up in Hia bosom, and Ho Himself shall oarry them that aro with young,' tlie prophet of1 the redeemer's Passion. In the other instance, to whioh I have referred, Isaias (Hi; 13 ; liii, 12) announces in such minute detail the sufferings and death of our Saviour as to merit to be styled rather tho Evangelist than the Prophet of the Redeemer's Passion. I give the passage literally translated from tho Hebrew text : ' Behold my Servant shall prosper : he shall be raised aloft, and magnified, and very highly exalted. As many were astonished at him; disfigured was his countenance, more than that of man, and His form, more than the sons of men, So shall He sprinkle many nations ; before Him shall kings be silent; what was not bofore declared to them they shall see, and what they had not heard they shall atten tively consider. Who hath believed our report, and to whom hath the arm of Jehovah been made manifest ? He groweth up in their sight liko a weak oft'shoob, and like a root from a thirsty soil ; He hath no form, nor any beauty' that we should regard him ; nor is his countenance such that wo should desire him. Contemned, nor accounted as a man ; a Man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief; as one that hideth His face from us : He was despised, and we bstoemed Him not. Surely our infirmities He hath borne ; and our sorrows, He hath carried them : yet we thought Him smitten of God, and cast down, and alllioted. But He was wounded for our trangressions ; was stricken for our iniquities'! tho chastise ment, the price of our poaoe, was laid upon Him ; ana by His bruises we are healed. We all of us like sheep have strayed ; we have turned aside, evory one to his own path ; and Jehovah hath made to come upon him the iniquity of us all. It was exaoted, and He was answerable, and Ho opened not His mouth j even as a lamb that is led to the slaughter, and as a sheep before /her shearers iB dumb, so he opened nob/ his mouth. By an oppressive judgment Ho was cut off; and His manner of life who would declare : for He was out off from the land of the living ; for the transgressions of my people, Ho was smitten to death. And His grave was allotted with the wicked, but with- the rich man was His tomb. Although He had done no evil, noither was thoro any guile in His mouth ; yet ib pleased Jehovah to crush Him with ailliotion, If His life shall be a propitiatory sacrifice, He shall see a seed whioh shall prolong their days, and the gracious purpose of Jehovah shall prosper in His hands. Of tho travail of His soul, Ho shall see .the fruit, and bo satisfied ; for the punishment of their iniquities Ho shall bear. Therefore will I distribute to Him tho many for His portion ; and tho mighty people shall bo His spoil ; because Ho poured out His soul unto death, and was numbered with the trans-, gressors ; and He bare the sin of many, and made intercession for the transgressors,' True Man and True God. ' In tho narratives of tho New Testament we find registered the fulfilment of those prophecies of the old law in all their minutest historical details.' Thus the Gospel may bo considered as one continuoxis proof that our Blessed Lord was the Mossiah long-promised to tho Jewish race ; whilst the propheoios thus fulfilled proclaim' Him to bo true man indeed, but at the same timo true God, Tho Rodoomer when inparting to the disciples His lessons of heavenly wisdom revealed to them in the clearest mariner his divine prerogatives and majesty and power1. 'Wo have not followed cunningly devised fables (writes tho Apostle St, Peter) when wo made known to you the power and presence of our Lord Josus Christ : but having boon made eye witness of His Majesty.' (ii, Ep. I. 1(1), So, too, in instituting His Holy Church, Ho nmdo the faith In His divinity the begin ning of 'her teaching, tho foundation of hei' creed, the very motive and prlnoiplo why her mission of lifo was Imparted 'to hot1, Whilst thus Ho unveiled Hia divine nature to the disoiplos and to tho whole human raco, Ho wished Hia preaching and His ministry Hia whole life and death to be arrayed in tho fullest measure with all those proofs' and evidences that could authenticate His mission from tho Father. Honoo it is that His sublime dootrine, His deoda of mercy, HIb mlraolos. His prophoolos, His death on Calvary, His glorious Resurroo tion from the tomb, were made manifest before tho faithful as so many arguments ?which noun ooulcl gainsay, whioh distinctly revealed the splendour and power and wisdom of tho divino Person in whom tho human nature of tho Redeemer subsisted, Wo may take for Instance tho miracles of our Saviour, Thoy were as ao many [lowers of Paradiso,day by day, strewn upon tho path of. His public ministry, In thorn selvos they aro little more than mero human facts, but in the prosonoe of the Redeemer they are radiant with hoavonly light and In their wholo character are divine, There is no attempt in them at ostentation or display, They invariably boar tho impress of moroy and of loving tenderness for those who were' weighed clown by the burden of human Borrows and mlsorloB, When St. John the Baptist sent Homo oi' hia disciples to interrogate tho ? Rodoomor, 'Art tliou ho, that art .to come?' He replied i 'Go and relate to John what you liavo heard and booii j tho blind soo, tho lame walk, tho loporo aro cleansed, tho deaf hear, tho dead live again, the poor have tho goBpol preached to them.' Such wore tho miraolos of Our Saviour, They rovoal In ovory instance a divino powor allied to truth, gonblonosH, and Infinite pity, and they aro presented to us oquippocf with a simplicity, harmony, and goodness that could not be surpassed! Like Him who wrought them, they were at the same time human and divine. As has been' well said, ' tho oause which produced them, is in the living God, concealed under the manhood of Jesus, and their purpose is the good of man. - All have for their aim.the enlightenment of man ; they tend to touch his heart, to ameliorate his lot, to inspire confidence, and to instil virtue.' Watching Over His Holy Church:. We can traco the same divine power of the Redeemer at every step whilst He ? watches over His Holy Church, and imparts to it an energy and a vitality to embrace the whole world. Looking 'baok through the course of centuries we see that the gates of hell leagued with a sinful world have never ceased to war against the Church. Yet she has never been overcome, and she - has novor ceased to pursue hur beneficent destiny. No mere human strength could have given her this perpetual victory. In the marvellous Bpread of the Gospel St. Paul sees the fulfilment of the Psalmist's words, 'Their sound went out unto all the earth, and their words unto the ends of the world.' Men viewing this wonderful propagation of the Church in the light of human philosophy have sought to assign as its causes the zoal of the early Christians, tho fear of tho divine judgments, tho belief in miracles, the austere morality which was, taught, the spirit of union and discipline1 whioh linked the faithful together in the bonds of charity.. Bub,, we may ask, whence came that zeal, that salutary fear, the miracles that accom panied the Apostles in their ministry, the morality that was practised, the charity that prevailed, whence I say all this' bub from the Redeemer who quickened tho faith ful with His own divino life and from the Spirit of God, who through His gift would ever abide in Holy Church. Id is all com pendiated by the Apostle, when ho writes : 'God also bearing them witness, both with signs and wonders, and with divers miracles and gifts of the Holy Ghost, according to His own will' (Hob. ii.4.). But wo must bear in mind that the In oarnation is not a mere abstract truth ; it is above all things practical in tho lessons which it brings homo to us. ? As tho Re deemer is truly God, it follows that what ever He commands we must fulfil ; what He touches and reveals, that we must.recoive, for He the Eternal Truth oan neither deceive nor be deceived ; whatever pabh Ho marks out, that we must pursue, Tho Inoarnation is not a more fact of history, whioh long since has passed away, and whose fond remembrance alone remains to us, The Apostle proclaims the great truth : ' Christ Jesus, yesterday and to-day, and the same for evermore.' (Hob. xmM 8.) Ho con tinues to bo spiritually prosont in the minds, and hearts of men. Ho truly lives in holy Church, by it He speaks, He teaches, Ho guides, He commands, Ho combats and He triumphs. , ? Empires and Republics arise, have thoir growth and decay, *and amid tho vioissitudos of human things aro no longer thought of. But Christ's 'dominion controls all those vicissitudes of timo and embraoos all tho ages of the world. Ho lives, He reigns, Ho rules, Ho conquers, Many heresies liavo arisen from ago to ago, and the main object of thoir attack has boon the divine prerogatives of tho Redeemer., They wore for the most parb willing enough to recognise His exaltod claims as a tenqher and bonofaotnr of our raco, bub they would deny to Him tho supremo adoration and homage which aro due to God alone. Tho reason of this is not far to seek; The divinity of our Saviour is the impregnnblO' citadel of the faith. No wonder that they who plot against revealed truth would leave nothing undone to leaBoti its strength or to accomplish its destruction, . HERESIES. The Jewish leaders in their superstitious blindness, under the mask of reverence for the Divine Unity availed of this teaching of our Saviour to stir up tho passions of the people against Him, ' Thou blaas they said; 'Thou makest Thyself tho Son of God, equal to God,' ' So, too, we read in the Gospel narrative how when our Saviour de clared Himself the Son of God, who one clay clathod with majesty and powor would come to judge tho world, bhe high priest rent his garment and orlod out to tho assembled Sanhedrim . 'Yourselves have heard the blasphemy ; is he not guilty of death ?'*' Throughout the first ana second centuries tho Gnostics assailed in a special manner., this divine truth, , They sought to contlnue tho philosophy of the East with all that they judged best in tho /Redeemer's teach ings, They claimed to themselves hidden traditions of wisdom, which were their. ex- clusive heritage, In their theory all material; things proceeded from tho evil -principle and were themselves evil, Hence, they said, Eternal Truth ooulcl not booomo Inonrnate.. The Church oast forth all those errors from her fold, Hor truth, the teaching of our BloBsocl Lord remained unohangod, Nothing In the sight oi' God Is evil but sin, The Eternal Word becoming man did not lay aside 'His Divinity, but aamo to, us in tho oxoess of HIh iullulto luoroy and love to enrich us with tho treasures of sunoblty and to make. us partakers of His eternal bies sedness, In tho fourth century tho Arian heresy arose, and even the newly converted Im- perlal power was marshalled under the standard of error to combat tho orthodox faith. Their heretical tenets were disguised under tho most pretentious arguments for the integrity of truth, They would salute tho Redeemer as God and the Son of God, but they would understand their titles In a secondary sense, unequal to tho Father in- ' wisdom, , in power, in majesty. What was tho attitude of the Church ? Her patrons Assembled in council, cast forth the Arians and their heresies from tho one true fold. The divinity of Christ was for evermore declared to be the standard of orthodoxy. In the unerring accents of faith, the Re deemer was confessed to be true man like unto us, but at the same time in His divine nature coequal to the Father in all His eternal attributes. From that day it is only in the ranks of superstitious error and heresy that the divinity of our Saviour shall be questioned. ' , ' In tho seventh century Mahomet gathered around him countless hordes of fanatical followers who became a scourge of God on the heretical communion of Egypt and Asia. He denied tho divinity of Christ, but as signed high honour to Him, next to himself in dignity and exalted rank. No one dreams nowadays of Mahomedanism as a depository of truth. Tho standard of the false prophet relies for its support not on doctrine but on the scimitar, and on tho fanaticism and cor ruption of its followers. In tho tempestuous confusion of errors that swept over Europe in the Reformation period, Socinus would pose as a champion of tho Divine Unity, He would banish the doctrine of tho Trinity from tho Christian creed, and with it he would relegate tho doctrine of tho Incarnation to tho realms of error. With tho eighteenth century, Deism appeared on the scene. Its philosophers and men of science were willing to acknow ledge the Creator's power, but they would reject all revelation and miracles, and thus in the domain of their pretentious philosophy there was no room for tho greatest of miracles, tho Incarnation of the Divine Word. Towards tho close of the last century, Rationalism and Infidelity were not satisfied with those Deistic theories. They would pull down tho thrones of the Deity itself to enthrone the mock goddess of reason for the worship of man. At The Present Day. At the present day, even the scientists declare all such rationalistic vagaries to be quite out of date, unsuited to modern taste. But, error all the same continues to war against truth. Some, under the name of Agnosticism, will reject the Incarnation, whilst they close their eyes to all super natural truth. Others, under the banner of Higher Criticism, will endeavour to lower it to tho category of mere human events. Among the countless sects included under the common designation of Protestant ism there are too many who, whilst pro fessing to believe in tho Incarnation, yet retain it only as shorn of its Divine dignity. Many of their leaders will even regard it as a mere temporary manifestation of the Creator's goodness, a manifestation which has long ceased to influence humanity in its onward course of development and progress. The contrast to all those errors tho Church professes to-day, as she has ever profossod the Divinity of our Blessed Lord; We confess that He is true God and true man ; true man having a human nature like unto our own in all things, with human sympathies, sin alone excepted ; true God, in His divine nature equal to the Father in wisdom and power and every other infinite perfection ; and withal' there is one Divine Person, tho Eternal Son of God, in whom these two natures subsist. The Fruits of This Great Mystery. But it will be asked, what are the fruits of this great mystery, what are the blessings . whjah, through tho Incarnation, of our Blessed Lord, heaven has conferred upon us. Tho firpt great fruit of the Incarnation is that it makes God known to us. How dim, how imporfoot wore the glimpses and tho longings of tho wisest of tho ancients in regard to the Creator. Their minds and' hearts could but faintly grasp His Divine perfections. Even for tho Jews He was a hidden God, and His dwelling was in /'in- accessible light.' They could with difficulty realise His love. They believed it and oon fessed it, but it seemed to be as far off as the light of some distant star, and exercising as little influence upon them. In tho book of Job the friends of God exclaimed : ' We cannot find him. He is ineffable. There fore men shall fear him, and all that seem to themselves to be wise shall not dare behold him ' (v. 21, 23). Now the Inoarnation re moves this sentiment of terror and brings home to our hearts God's Infinite love for us in a way the 'most perfect that tho mind could conceive. Tho Creator has in truth come to visit His people, to take up Hie lot amongst us. No inaccessible light shall hide Him from our anxious game, the bright vision of heaven shall be spread , out before us. At tho samn time every truth wo nood to guide us in the pilgrimage of life has boon distinctly revoaled to us so that as regards thoso heavenly truths the humblest child '? that lisps tho first lessons of tho catechism is enlightened with far more wisdom and far more knowledge than tho wisest of tho sages of Greece and Rome over aspired to, Thus It 'is that God is revealed to us in Christ. Tho word of God, hidden in tho bosom of tho Father from all etornity, one In substance with tho Father, comes to reveal to uh God's truth and God's lovo, and at tho aamo time Ho unfolds to us the valuo of our immortal souls for whose salvation and whose well-being tho power and wisdom und lovo of God havo boon thus nmdo manifest. Again through tho Inoarnation. our human nature of itHoll' no poor, ho indigent in divine thlngH, booomoH truly rich Indoor], Unltod to God, uubulutlng by its vory union with tho Second l'oraou of tho nioiit holy Trinity, our nature in Christ offers an un ceasing homage of adoration and thanks giving, of perfect obedience and conformity to the divine Will, infinitely acceptable to the Father, and fruitful of all olassings to us. Withal God become man is a divine model of all perfection to us. We may learn of Him becauso He is meek and humble of heart ; we may walk in His foot stops, for Ho is ' the way, the truth and tho life ' ; we may take up our cross and follow Him, for Ho has ohoson for Himself the jewelled robe of suffering, His yoke is svvoet. and His burden is' light, for Ho gives the grace and strength that wo 'may fulfil His precepts, and in this fulfilment wo find true peace and freedom, (true joy and con tontment of heart. Tin-: Abyss Cumo Unto Tina Aijy'ss. The Redeemer camo 'to save' the world. Man was in nood of this salvation. Ho had fallen from tho supernatural state in which ho was fashioned to the image and likeness of God, and hac1. forfeited all the special graces connected with it. The beauty of his soul was transformed to hideous deformity, and ho fell lower from his height than he .would have' stood had he nover known the order of grace. And sin was added to sin, till tho whole human race was, in th-) depths oi cor ruption and spiritual death. But ' tho abyss cried unto' the abyss' ; tho cry of tho abyss. of our nothingness and wretchedness was hoards in the abyss of God's infinite love. Tho Eternal Word would Himself restore man to his high estate. 'Sacrifice and oblation Thou wouldst not : then I said, Behold I come,' Some theologians hold that even if the world had known not sin, yet tho Eternal Word would havo taken flesh, for love of man, to offer to the Father a homage worthy of His infinite perfections. But now whore sin abounded, moroy hath superaboundod. The Word nmdo flesh came to expiate our sins, to bear the burden of our iniquities, and to reconcile us to the Father. He is our High- Priest, by the union of our nature with His divinity. He becomes a voluntary viotim for us. The sacrifice perfected on Calvary left no tittle of tho claims of Divine Justice unsatisfied, and man was redeemed. Tho parable of the Good Samaritan enables us to realise in some way the Redeemer's , mission of mercy. Tho poor helpless traveller, lying at the roadside stripped, wounded, and bleeding to death, is the figure of our fallen race. 'This man,' writes a venerable medieval oommentator, 'typifies tho human raoo, which, in the persons of our first parents, forsook the celestial state, and by their sin foil into the misery of this world of exile, being, by the '(sunning of the old enemy, despoiled of the robe of innocence and immortality, and sorely wounded by tho taints of original sin.' Clement of Alexandria long ago had given expression to the same thought: 'For we,' he said, 'at the hands of the. power of darkness, have been nigh done to death with tho number of our wounds, with lusts, passions, sorrows, guiles and plea sures,' Now tho Redeemor compassionates our misery, His enemies though wo were. In His groat lovo 'it behoved Him in all things to be made like to His brethren, that He might booomo a merciful High-Priost, that He might be a propitiation for tho sins of the people.' Ho took to himself our nature — that vory nature which wa& stricken down and wounded unto death. He thus bridged tho mighty gulf whioh separated earth from heaven, man from God, the ohil dron from the father ; and stooping down to our lowest level, oamo to us, bound up our wounds, cleansing and soothing and healing with tho balm and oil of heavenly graoo, and taking us in the arms of His saored humanity, Ho placed us in tho Inn, that is, His Holy Catholic Churoh, our rest ing place during our pilgrimage, where a meroiful, compassionate 'loving care is nevor wanting to us, , Tina Ohildrhx of God, Again, as a fruit of the Inoarnation, wo hnve been raised to the highest possible dignity, to the dignity of being the children of God, This is what is known aB the mystery of divine adoption. The Apostlo'of love, St, John, in tho third chapter of his Epistlo (Hi, vll.) orios outs 'Behold what manner of charity tho Father hath bestowed upon us that wo should bo called and should bo tho sons of God,' In Baptism, whioh for this reason Is called tho Sacrament of Regeneration, this adoption is conferred on ub, We are thus spiritually born anew } tho imago of God Is imprlntod on the soul j we are conformed to tho resemblance of Jesus Christ, our Brother j we are enriched with the graoo, light and beauty of spiritual life, whilst the germs of every virtue are Implanted in tho soul, But tho Apostle adds ! 'Dearly 'beloved, we are now the Sons of God, and it haCh not yet appeared what wo, shall bo,' The glory of the only begotten of the Father shall one day bo revealed to uh, for as St, PauJ toaohos 1 ' As tho adopted sons of God, wo are heirs of God and coheirs with. Jesus Christ.' Bo abundant are tho graces of Hanotlfioa* tlon bestowed on tho faithful that the Ohuroh in her second Liturgy adopts tho words of St, Loo 1 'Oh happy fault, which was ro« paired by such rich and such abundant grnaos,' Tho prophet Ecoohlol saw In vision u vast plain strewn with withering skeletons and decaying bones. Such was tho spiritual condition of tho human raoo that had fore Hakon the Creator, But when tho Spirit of God wuh wafted over tho plain tho dry bono» were not only quiokonod into life, but stood oroot, marshalled uh an army in battle array, Such wan tho ronuwod vigour of houvonly strength and supernatural life' imparted to us by the blessings of Redemption. Tho life of grace thus bestowed on man is not a mere empty name, but a divine reality. The Spirit of God Himself abides in tho Christian soul, He who is the perennial and exhaust less fountain of all holiness. This is tho contrast that the Gospel sets before us ; the Law came to us by Mosoa ; but through Jesus Christ has c.omo the full abundance of grace and truth. Such are tho fountains of ' blessing of which tho Redeemer speaks : 'He that shall drink of the water that I will give him shall nob thirst forever ;' but the water that I will give him shall booomo in him a fountain of water springing up into life everlasting. (John vi., 13.) ? Tun Stm-jam.s Tkat Flow Fkom C A 17V ATI Y. Bht 'man is frail. The Redeemer knows tho clay oP*which wo are formed. Enemies visible and invisible will onvy those trtf ts with whioh Lho Christian soul har^ bocn enriched. The blessings of Redemption are at hand once more to meet our wants. Tho Sacraments are so many stroams that flow from Calvary. They purify tho soul from every taint and every stain, they restore to it every graoo that may have boon loat or forfeited, they add over moro and more from the exhaustless fountain of tho Redeemer's lovo new stoves of abiding merits and bles sings. Thus it is that tho troasuroo of Redemption are brought to the vory doors of every frail man and woman no matter how sinful thoy may be, and the Redeemer's love, not content with having purchased us at a groat price, is busy going to and fro to impart new treasures to the souls Ho has bought. Tht- great .fountain, open to the houso of David, m 'full and free to all, and beside it there stands One under the plane treo that shadows it over, who crios to tho souls of men : ' All you that thirst, come to tho waters 5 and you that have no money make haste, buy and eat' (la. lv.i,), We nood somo befitting worship, some due expression of the homage which we owe to God. He himself once immolated to the Father for tho salvation of tho world, will not forsake us. He remains with us our High Priest and Victim, over present on our altars, an abiding holocaust of love. Thus tho prophecy ol Malaohy is fulfilled, 'from tho rising of tho sun even to the going down, my name is groat/ among tho nations, and in every place thero is snori fioe, and there is offered to my name a pure oblation, and great is my name among tho nations, saith the Lord of hosts' (I. rr, ). Thm Same Yesterday, To-Day, and Fok Evkbmohm,, What shall I say of the Kingdom of God, His Ohuroh, instituted by the Redeemer as the treasury and storehouse oi all tho riches and graoes and blessings of Redemption. He declares that He shall over bo with the Ohuroh, He ' the Way, tho Truth, and the Life,' ' tho same yesterday, to-day, and for evermore.' His divine light shall never coase to enlighten it : His life- giving manna shall be tho preoious broad of His ohildron : the tenderness of an infinite love shall await the lambs and shoep of I the fold. Every thing in holy Church, outward communion, visible .worship, the beauty of God's houso, tho Saoramonts we receive, tho Sacrifloe whioh is offered 'up, the saints whom we venerate, binds the hearts of the faithful as members of the same household in brotherly lovo, and links their affections to a heavenly fatherland on earth, a figure of the father land to come. The Communion of Saints is ' another priceless blessing that oomos to us through the Inoarnation of our Saviour. The Angels, as the Apostle tolls us, have become our follow oitizens, ? In their golden' censers they offer our prayers to tho Most High. Tho Saints, whoso heroism of self-saorifloo, and whoso perfootion of, virtue made mani fest in deeds of piety and penance, havo won for them the aureola most pleasing to God,, are our brothers in the faith. They have walked the sanie paths of pilgrimage, they know our noeds, they plead in our behalf. Above all, the Queen of Angels and Saints, loved and honoured by her Divine Son bo^ondull other oreuturos, has boflbmo a hoavonly mother to us to sholtor us in every peril, arid to obtain for us all tho graces of which wo stand in need. Wo must not omit the crowning blossing of all, Tho resurrection of our Saviour is the trophy of our triumph over Satan and sin and death. Christ ascending . into heaven, the King of Glory, has prepurod a place for us in the Kingdom of his Father, in tho possession of His treasures, and of His never ending delights, The Redeemer's promise shall bo hUflUod 1 'Iain the re surrection and .the life, Whosoever be lievoth in mo shall live, I will raise him up at the laBt day, Then shall tho just shine as stars in tho Kingdom of tholr heavenly Father.' This will bo tho orowning blossing of tho Inoarnation of our Saviour. For all eternity wo shall bo associated with him in his triumph, and with him we shall glorify tho Father, partakers of his happiness andi. transformed to the Hkonoos of His glory. Fannjxu arum Fmmm of PKoawrANa1 PllMiiUMOM, . Before concluding I must enter a protost against) thu persistent attacks which are made against tho Catholic Ohuroh, as If In hoi' worship and In her toaohlng she would turn asldo to othor objoots than the homage and worship which aro duo to our Blessed Lord alone. Nuch accusations have a thousand timoH boon shown to bo groundlouH, but thoy aro novortholoHH ovory day ropoatod, in order to fan tho flame of rrotoittant pre judice agulnut tho Churoh. Tho vory in. stances that are brought forward by those who thus assail us should serve as so many; convincing proofs that the Redeemer is all in all in the religious tributes of homage and love which are offered up by Oatholio hearts. For instance, Catholics honour Holy Church, and love the Church, and are ready to make every sacrifice to promote its interests and spread its influence. But why is this ? It ia because wo realise that the Catholic Church is the very Kingdom of God on earth, instituted by the Redeemer. And does? not tho Apostle declare that Christ 'loved tho Church, and delivered s himself up for it.' Are we to bo censured % if, following in the Redeemer's footstopii, wo offer our religious tributes to tho church chosen by Him as a cherished spiritual aponso? Tho Churoh is sot on earth as' ' the pillar and ground of truth.' Must wo not rojoioo that it makes known to us God's will, and guides us in the course of our pilgrimage? To use Pore Didon's eloquent words : ' In tho night of the ond of tho nineteenth, century, against this niyht of God, against tho murky sky— a sky darUoned by tho thick dust raised by human toil— you may see tho groat Ohuroh of God arise and stand. It U tho column of fire which tolls you that light has not gpue out. Whon men, too muoh occupied with earth and with themselves, darken tho world, ib always remains to guido thorn on tho road and to show thorn tho good, tho otornal light of God shining through tho darkness of humanity iib atavB uhine through tho clouds of hoavon.' Again to take auothor instance, if we honour tho successor of St. Potor, is not all tho honour and homage that wo off'or him reflected upon our Blessed Lord, for it is precisely aa tho duly appointed representative andVioar on earth ot1 our Saviour that such tributes of respect and rovorenco aro his duo. St. Potor was truly constituted such whon tho Good Shepherd of souls addressed to him tho en dearing worda : ' Food my lambs, food the little. ones so doar to mo, feed my sheep.' In like manner tho tributes of our vonora tion and reverential homage aro offered to tho BlosBed Virgin, because abovo all, tho ohildron of Eve sho was exalted and privileged, to b© tho ohoson * Mother of tho Redeemer, It is ' loaning on hor beloved ' that she ascends rejoioing from the desert '' wauto of this sinful world. Sho refloats a heavenly light upon tho ohildron of tho Ohurohf but it is booauso tho Redeomor has sot upon hor brow tho peerless auroola of heavenly stars, and has oiothed hor with tho radiance of tho sun itself as tho resplondont robe of her triumph. Sho proclaimed in hor inspired canticle that all tho snntifiaa tion and privileges conferred on hor should throughout all time redound to tho praise and glory. of the Most High: 'Ho hath done groat things to mo, and holy is His name. Behold henceforth all nation's shall call me blessed.' In tho Catholio Ohuroh alono that pro^hooy is unceasingly fulfilled, and all tho tributes of homage and veneration and devotion offered to her shall for over redoundj to tho greater glory of tho Most High, and tho loving worship of Him by whom sho was redeemed and sanotifiod and privileged. ? , Giibisw, All ix All, in Tun Quuuou, Thus it is that Christ is truly all in all in the Catholio Ohuroh. Ho is tho toaoher of the truths whioh we profess, tho foundation , of, our hopes, tho foundation source whence flow to tho faithful the graces and blessings ( of mercy, To Him all the homage of 'the.1 mind and heart is duo, in Him aro centred all tho tributes of our adoration and homage and lovo, But ovon for those who oloso their eyes against 'His thrice blessed light, tho Redeemor continues to bo tho souroe of manifold blessings. 'In spito of all,' writes Poro Dldon, 'Johus remains tho groat figure in tho, heaven of all Christian pooplo, Righteous ness, glowing with oharity such as ho would havo ft, has booomo tho sovoroign law of the ?? world, impressed on ovory oonsoionoo 5 and ovon those who havo lost faith in Christ \ preserve His morality, forgetting that it oomos from Him, Tho power of self 'Sacri- fice, tho lover whioh Joaus places In tho hands of His disciples, is permanent j true believers are always roady to givo their life, if mankind, in tho leaBt of its children, can bo freed from evil, ignorance, sorrow and death, To Christ, as tho Ohuroh known .' Him, I would turn tho eyes of this gonora tlon.r;It 1h alok » Ho will heal thorn j it Is old and worn ! Ho will restore Its youth and its groat ideals 5 for His disciples aro men of eternal hope, It is aoouBod of bolng positive, of believing only In what it can soe, use and enjoy 1 He will toaoh it to seo the invisible, to taste the Immaterial, to understand that tho most useful man to;,-. himself and to othors, to his country and to ? mankind, is ho who can saorifioe himself. It is said to be greedy of, pleasure and gold j perhaps In ' thia la tho cause of its deoa aenoe, for pleasure kills, and gold . may lead to evory vice, Christ will teach it to despiso pleasure and to employ thoso riches well. In every oaso tho world Is a pray to a thousand sorrows, desires, and needs ) those who proclaim tho joy of lifo know well that tho joy Ih not unmlnglod with pain, and that death is all tho moro cruel booauso It breaks a happy life, ' Christ alono tuaohos tho joy of suffering, because ho alono pours into tho bouI a cfivlho lifo whioh no sorrow can destroy, whioh trial strengthens, and Ho alono touches uh to donpluo death, or rather to look to it with hope us tho pansagoH to our hoavonly bliss.' Mny tho manifold glfttt of tho Incarnation of our BloHHod Lord bo tho abiding horitago of each 0110 of uu. In tho mums of the ' Father, and of tho Bon, and of tho Holy (ihoi)t, 