EXCITING ADVENTURE IN THE SKIES. «. TWO AMATEURS FLOWN AWAY WITH. k fFROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, July 14.— Tho advantages of tho fine old crusted Yorkshire axiom "When in doot talc' a soop" (I.e., have a liquor) wero nover moro _ conspicuously exemplified than on Saturday aftor- 'noon last, when two plucky "tykes" probably saved tlieir nerve and thoir lives by remembeiiito the adage. Their adventure began in a public pailc a. Bradford, where a gala and sports were in pro gress, a prominent feature of tho show being tbo ascent of IiramhaU's balloon. Mr. Ilraiuhall is an experienced aeronaut, tbougli weighing 15st.. and, therefore, rather heavy for -tho role, lie has mado scores of successful ascents, and on Satui day tried a now balloon, called tbo Masham," of 2S.000 cubic feet capacity.. H\o friends— Mr. Schmidt, of tbo Empress Hotel, and Mr Crofts, ot tho Bradford Town Council—went up with him, and in duo courso took their scats m tho car. Air. Bramhall had also swung himself ou to tho edge, and cried "let go," when a gust of wind suddenly drovo the balloon la a wrong direction, and tho aeronaut, striking a tice, was knockod over into a clump of laurels. As lot tho balloon it did not wait to bear more, but, relieved of Afr. Bramhali's lGst., shot up swiftly Into tho skies, .. , About 10,000 people wero in tho park, tho great majority of whom wore watching tho ascent of tbo balloon. Air. Bramhall is well known, and when it was seen that tho balloon had gone lip without liim tho danger of tho situation was le allsed. Tho groat crowd behaved as if panic- stricken. A rush was mado for tho gate.,, c- pecially by tbo women and children, and at each of tho park entrances there was for several minutes a vory ugly block. After emerging from tho park largo numbers took tbo vanous roads leading in tbo direction . which tho wind was carrying tlio balloon. Afr. Bramhall was naturally in a condition of considerabio anxiety . Tho balloon, lio says, soon attained an altitude of GOOOft., and appeared to bo travelling fast in tlio direction of Leeds. Alderman Speight, of Scarr Hall, lent I1I111 a fast trotting horse, and with this and a light dog car ho was soon on ills way to Leeds. Tho son of Air. Croft, -one of tbo passengers In tho balloon, was present with his cycle, and ho and a friend at onco started in tho samo direction with tho utmost speed. In tlio meantime, tho balloon passed rapidly away, and both Air. pramhall and Air. Croft, jun., had to trace it by inquiries. Tbo feelings of tho two elderly gentlemen, Alessrs. Croft and Schmidt, when tliey lully real ised that they wero "alone in tho wide, wide sky, and drifting towards tho German Ocean in a rapidly-rising gale, without having the ghost of a notion how to help themselves, may bo toft, to tlio imagination. Air. Schmidt, fortunately, is Anglo-Gernmn and phlegmatic. "Der is nod- In gs to bo done whilst we're over Bradford, he said, wisely; "let us seo if Bramhall lias a drink on board. It will us good do." Tliey examined tho car, and in Mr. Bramhali's coat found a flask ot brandy. Of tbls they drank, and then (feeling much bettor) began to practically consider what to do. Neither had been in a balloon before, and so they had only tho knowledge of the ordi nary reader. They set themselves, as they say, to carefully- study tho rigging, and came to the conclusion as to what courso to tako to reach tho earth. But the halloon, as afterwards shown, liad heen going 30 miles an hour, and hy the timo they wero over Klrkstall, between Bradford and Leeds, they felt-It would bo impossible to attempt to alight for somo timo in this populous district, and as tho balloon appeared to ho slightly de scending, Air.' Schmidt threw out some ballast. Tho halloon roso again, aud both gentlemen now are strong in their appreciation of the .beautiful views they had. .Although windy, , the sky. was clear, and they describe most appreciatively the panoramic sight presented- to them.- After the halloon had passed a considerable dis tance from Leeds, they saw an extensive agricul tural district ahead, and hero they resolved to drop. Mr. Schmidt took charge of the .valye-rope, npd Mr. Croft of tho grapnel. Both, gpntloriien, find it difflcult to describe exactly what occurred. By tho increasing sizo of dotaiis in the landscape, the balloon' appeared to descend with alarinlng- rapidity. Fortunately, it came down upon a wheat-fleld. Almost before they knew it. the grapnel caught, and tho balloon, which Mr. Bram hall says must havo como down almost liko a parachute, lay, apparently lialf-emptied of gas, and only'bumping slightly upon the wheat crop, while thp two thankful passengers stood once' more on terra firma. . They had como down at Bramham, near Boston Spa. It was a quarter to 8\. or 50 mi mites from the time tho balloon left Bradford, and tbo distaneo travelled was 27 miles. Curiously enough, tho farmer renting tho field (who was quickly on tho spot) complained that tho aeronauts had chosen a wheat field to alight In. They explained that they wore amateurs; adrift, and would pay compensation for any damage' to the wheat. Somo villngers soon arrived, and carried the balloon to the farm. Air. Schmidt and Air. Croft then drove to Honour, on the North- Eastern Railway, and telegraphed to Bradford. Beforo they left, both Mr. Bramhall. who had taken a second horse on tlio way, and Air. Croft's son, and his friend had the pleasure of Coming up with the amateur aeronauts, and mutual and hearty congratulations passed. 