Jack Conway's Bunyip. (By " Wanderer" in the ' Adelaide Obeerver.') I ' • How's the treasury, Jaok?' asked Jimmy Tredennick, shiftingback Into the shade as the enn shortened the shadow oast by'the sandalwood under wbioh he eat. Jack Conway, better known ae « Dublin,' took hie pipe from hie lip» and expectorated Tioiouely at a huge bull eut, which having been twice repulsed, was making a third at tempt to drive him (Dublin) into the next district. Then, baring die oomfited Ma advereary for the time being, Jaok prooeeded to tarn out hie pookete, eoae to afford a praotloal answer to the momentous question. • Two, four, six, eight, I've just got eleven bob left,' aaid be, epreadiug out the silver ooine ou hie palm. ■ Neither of you blokeB hae any at all, eh F' Our eilence only served to oonflrm Jaok'e aseertion. We were • etonj _dead broke. • It's not much to carry three men 150 mile.,' proeeeded • Dublin,' twisting the ooine Into every conoelveble pattern, aa though tnere might be a possibility of thus increasing their number, 'but I suppose we'll manage somehow. By the Great Born Spoon 1 it'e a hit « bad lnck that three dandy young shavers Uke us should be foroed to waltee Matilda,' i.e., carry our awags,' through this God-forgotten sorub on a Christmas Eve. I've a good mind to turn baok. Snrely we could knook out a few days tucker in the township, to see ns over Christmas. Both of you can elng a decent song, an, there's no man in the country can 'do' me on the aooordeon. What d'ye say? Shall we go baok and make ft try ?' 1 No turning baok for ma,' cried 1. «I'd sooner walk to the Aramao on a pannikin of flour than ask that push in Pine HiU for anything. They got my hit, and they £new 1 was stiff, ye* not hue of them as muoh as offered me belf-a-orown to • help me on the road. You can go bwhif yon like, but Jimmy and I mean pushing on, eb, Jim ?' Tredenniok, a man of very few words, granted an nnoompromisiug assent. 'Dublin,' seeing he was in the minority, gave way at once, like the good- hearted Irishman he was, •nd springing to hie feet, ahouldsred hie ewag, saying:— • Come on then. We've 16 mile of this infernal scrub before ua, and it'e gone midday. We'li just manege to make the pub, at the Bend about aundown; an' very likely there'll be » mob there for Christmas. If there la, we're right for tuoker and a drop pt beer. That new oomlo eong of yours, Tom, ought to fetoh 'em tike water.' . We can try at any rate, I replied, nettling my unfamiliar burden in ae comfortable a position ae poaaihle. • I've heard Neylor'e a very deoent sort of a publioan, and I don't think he'd let any ewagmau paee his house on an occasion like this. He'd have no luck for the next twelve months if lie did.' A pause for a final sip out of the waterbeg} then we set out fac®! towards the west, and plodded sturdily on. Heavenel How time flies Ae I eit here now with the memories of tboee youthful day. crowding thick upon me, I can scarcely believe that nearly twenty years have slipped by since that memorable Christmas Eve. It is only when 1 rouse myeelf and take cognisance of the many evidences of time's ravages—the withered muscles, the grieried hair, the heavy, lifeless step that once was light and free as air, that can realise tbe truth; realise how different in every way is the care worn man of to-day, sitting amidst a Baal bee of wrecked ideals, from tbe i joyous, high-spirited boy of those j bygone days. Tet ' What is the use of repining ?' as the old bush song says. No one can help growing old; and, as for the shattered ideals —well, they are mostly of one's own breaking, Self-pity is a dangerous thing. There are eo few who are really justified in giring way to it. Most of ns deliberately eet ourselves to knock down the fair edifice which Fortune tries to bnild for na. What pity do we deserre, then, either from i ourselves or any one else, if during j the evening of oar daye we are com pelled to live in a cell, rudely and J laboriously erected out of the debris of oar lordly mansion P Let me get ] back to tbe scrub. We three youngsters had fore gathered in Pine Hill about a week ] before Christmas, drawn together by ' tbe similarity of onr unfortunate positions. My poverty was due to j Jobs of horses, etc., in the drought i which had just broken op; my mates , bad been on a small spree in tbe J township. No donbt we coold bare j remained in Pine Hill over Christmas | Day if we bad chosen to abase our selves by asking for accommodation ' on the nod,' bat neither of ns was built that way. We preferred to aboulder our swage and walk to where we had a chance of getting employ ment. ' Dublin' bad a few shillings left out of his cheque, which, with the true Irishman's liberality, he insisted on using for the general benefit. He it was who bad bought our modest supplies of flour, tea, and augar; for meat we had to trust to the chances of the road. It was a dreary track, too, that old road from Pine Hill to the Aratn&c.; Banning through desert country ail the way, with only four or five bouses along its ISO miles of sand and spinifes, a traveller might readily go short of rations if be had not the lack to fall in with some of the carriers who were continually coming and going to the railway and back again to the interior. Only that this story has nothing to do with our hardsbips*on the track, I could tell of some privations we endured whiob would open city .folks' eyes. Let them pass, however; they are, happily, forgotton. Thirty miles from Pine Hill, paBt Beaufort Cattle Station, and on through the big scrub that rnnB for over 100 miles along the Betyando River, there is a wayside pub standing right on the bank of Companion Creek. As the ereek at that point contained a long and deep waterhole which was never known to rue dry, however severe the drought, the flat in froDt of the pub wsb a favourite, camping-ground for carriers—indeed, it was owing to this fact ^.hat John Neylor, himself a retired teamster, bnilt the rough but comfortable edi fice wbiob gloried ia the name of the Companion Hotel. We had walked { steadily from Pine Hill to tbe edge of tbe big scrub, where we had called a halt and boiled cur billy; and here it was that the conversation had taken place with which my tale opens. ' Lord I isn't this heat awful f' groaned poor Tredennick —he had not spent many summers in Queens land—swabbing the perspiration from his brow. * Man alive'l this is nothin' at all; at all 1* cried ' Dublin.' ' Wait till ye get ont into the Onlf country. There's only a sheet of tisane paper between Normanton -an'—yon know where. This is nice seasonable wea ther.' (It was about 116 deg. in tbe shade, and ' Dublin' himself was visi bly melting). ' You've never been in Normanton, Jack/ I broke in, 'so, bow do yon ' know bow hot the climate ia ? For that matter, you're not tried the! other place yon mentioned, either. 11 know I don't want it any hotter than I this.' j 1 We'll hare a swim in the big hole j when we reach the Bend,' replied j Jack, ignoring my thrust. "Step it) oat lad* I Only about twelre more j miles. What's that to ns P Only a fieabite! I often walked fifty miles in a day in ould Ireland !' He was a merry deril, was ' Dublin ♦! Under the influence of his never flag.! ging cheerfulness we made excellent! headway, although, between the heat 1 and the eand, walking became weari.! some in the eztreme, j * There's the pub J' exclaimed Jack, as we name oat pa a nicely-timbered' flat, leaving scrub and sand behind us for a while. • By jaber. 1 look at j the wagons I Hurroo 1 there must be thirty or forty teams camped here j We re right now, boys, for our Christ-' mse divarahun, after all.' j Jack had underestimated, if any. I thing, the number of wagons. They | were dotted about ail over the flat 1 some with their high loads of wool! i (bowing that their de.tination was the township we bad ju.t left; other. I loaded with flour, wire, grog, and many different kinds of merchandise, were on their way westward.. Here and there a fire was biasing, but the great majority 0f the wagons were deserted, their owners. having mus tered in fall force «t the pub. As we approached tbe low-bark-roofed buildiDg, sounds of revelry were borne to our ears oe the evening breeze, end when we walked op to tbe door end threw our .wage to the ground, we were greeted with a boisterous! about of welcome. ' Bio wed if it ain't • Dublin,' yelled « huge, red-1 bearded giant of a man, rushing for ward and seizing Jack's hand. « We're set up now, all right. We waa jist wonderio' where we'd git the mueioianer, NeyJor'. got 8 flot| but devil a soul in the camp kin play »• It s all right now, though. My word, we're in luok. Here, come an' wash tbe dust out o" your neck, an' bring yer mates wi' ye Aoy friend o yours, Jack, is as welcome as the flowers in May. Come on, all yon. blokes, I'm doin'it. Roll up! Boll up J' ' We're dropped on our feet, Ton,' whispered ' Dublin,' as we died into the bar in response to the big man's luntation, 'That's George Gilchrist who s ehontin'. You've heard of him P I met him last year in Aramao. A real daoent ohap. Oh. ghost hare's a lot more I know," and the next minute he waa in the centra of an excited crowd, who all wanted to shake hands with him at onoe, while Dublin old aportl' -Give u« yar flipper Jack l'- • HoWa all yer four bones, old brueherf yelled in eten. torian tones by many of the new comers showed that my mate's good fellowship and his abilities as a musician were known far end wide and ensured him a be.rty welcome wherever he went. What an evening we had, to be , 1 b'r* «P«t some merry Christmas Eves, both before and since, but never one which I enjoyed mor* True, the company was rough, and the surroundings rougher etUl, but what of that f Under each rugged exterior beat a heart aa true ae steel, eaoh horny band stretches forth in Christmas greeting carried! in its vtoe.like grip an assuranoe of warmth and alnoerlty such ae is too often entirely lacking in fashionable assemblages, and if our beverage was only eommou beer, I'll warrant the toasts drunk in it, and the sentiments It inspired, were more heartfelt and generous than ever dry Monopole aroused in bosoms oovetred by itn maculate sbirtfroot and faultless evening drew. Alter tea, forme and ohaira were canted oat la front of the house, end a hollow equate formed, io the cen tre of which ' Dablln' wee enthroned, pipe in month end flotinn in hand What danoee we danced, and what eongeweeang—eoogewith rollicking ohorneee that rolled away down the leafy forest aisles, eoarlng the timid kangaroo, end drawing remonstrating howls from far-off packs of dingoes, Ab» It wab ft night to treasure in one e memory 1 the eoft white moonlight toning down and idealizing the wildneaa of the soene, even turning into a halo the nnkempt, ehaggy looks wbloh . crowned George Gil obrlet's leonine front, ae he eat hare headed and client, drinking in the eweet old melody of « Home, Sweet Home' ae • Dublin" eang it with a tender pathos surely born of that very witching-hour." All good things must have an end, and onr party was not superior to the common lot, "By ones and. twoe the cirole of listeners melted away, some doubtless fatigued by exertion involved in helping to empty Ney lor'e last hogshead of ale, others bent on getting a few boure eleep to fit them for to-morrow'e revels. Gil* obrist'e wagon etood about a 100 yards away, near the edge of the big watefhole and thither he betook himaelf after a final nip with Jack and myself. Poor Tfedenniok has long ainoe fallen a victim to hospi tality, and wae snoring happily on the verandah, • I think I'll go and have a swim, Tom/ arid * Dublin,' after Gilobriet had left ne. ' The'weter'U be lovely and oool now. Will yon come?" * Ho, not till the morning,' I re plied. 'I don't believe in bathing after swallowing so mooh beer, I'll wait till you oome out. There's a few men here yet who wont to have eong. I'll elng for them while yon're away.'. , Bight you ate,' replied my mate, j and in a few minutes I saw him 1 walking oreekwarde, carrying a towel. I was just about to etrike into a comio ditty for the few etaunoh revellers who remained, when Gil ohrlst oame bounding into onr midst, bis eyes starting almost out of his bead, and his wbolB appearanoe that of a man who had reoelved some fear ful shook. 'By all that's holy!- I've juet seen the bnnylp/ he oried, his voice trembling with agitation, ' Listen 1 By the 'tarnal, there it is again 1' A long, agonised wail oame from the direction of the creek, and we ail sprang to onr feet and gazed at eaoh | other In aweBtrioken silenoe. Then 1 remembered 1 Dublin's' ewlm, and almost buret out laughing, _ ' What was it like, George V asked one of the others. | • The moat awful lookln' thing I ever see," replied Gilchrist, ' I wae goln' down .to get a hilly of water when I heard eomethin' eplaeh into the hole from the opposite bank, an' when I looked—by orumbs, I.won't get over it in a hurry. There it wae bobbin' up an' down wavin' four or five long arms, great tails o' black hair hangln' over its fade, and keep ln' np the terriblest moenlu' an' wailin' as ever I heard in my life, I've often laughed at blokes what eald they seen the bunyip, hat I'll have more sense in future. They eay the man that sees it never lives the year oat. - Oome on men eti' have a look for yeraelvee. I'm eoared to face the thing by myself." It was true, too - The giant was shaking and trembling like a school boy going to he flogged. Nothing earthly conld have made him blanoh, hut when it oame to the supernatural he wilted. Away we went towards the oreek, I nearly ohoking with sup pressed laughter, but - determined to carry the joke ont a little farther. That earns near being a fatal deter mination of mine. 'There it is! yonder, in the shadow of the other bank!" whis pered Gilobriet, as we reaohed a point from whioh the water was visible " Hold on a minute, I'll see what it's made of direotly," He hurried away towards his wagon as he spoke, while we others peered into the shadow where we could just eee a still darker objeot moving slowly along, leaving a tip ple on the water as It went. 'I wonder what it ief' ejaculated one of my companions. •' We'll soon know whether it's a spirit or not. George doesn't often miss anything he flreB at." My eye followed the . direction of hie glanoe ae he epofee, and the eight I saw turned me to etone for a second. There stood Gilchrist, not twenty yards away, his feet planted widely apart, and a Winchester repeating rifle at hie eboulder. I was afraid to call ont Jest he might shoot the quiober. The next instant I ploked up a heavy piece of wood abont a yard in length, and carved something like a boomerang, and flung it with all my strength at the levelled rifle. -Crash! bangl The two sonnde came almost simnitaneonely, hat, thank God, the stlok was in time. Gilchrist wheeled round with a fleroe oath, and demanded what 1 meant. So un strung were my nerves by the Immi nence of the danger from whioh 1 Dublin' had so narrowly esoaped, that I oould only falter ont some in coherent sentences, in whioh ' Dub- j lin,''joke,'and'buDyip' were inex- j trioably entangled; in faot, Jack himself was the first to clear up the mystery by shouting from the depths of the pool, in tones that no one who,! ever heard his voice could mistake. * Te blitherin' idiot, who are ye shoot in'atf D'ye think I oame all the way from Ireland to make a target foryouf To hulkin' banana-chewer.' Poor Gilohrist was in a great way when helearned who his 'bunylp' was, and the ohaff which he bad to stand j daring the next week was enfSoient to drive any ordinary man to drink. As for ' Dublin,' although he has since ' played many parts,' I am quite j certain he has never again attempted { to perBonate that fabled denizen of I our lakes and rivers,—the bnnyip. ! and look on life as worth living. For influenza, colds and rheumatism, and all ailments such as indigestion, constipation, headaches, etc-, you cannot obtain a better or sorer remedy tbaD Bile Beans which are sold hy all chemists and storekeepers at thirteen pence balf-penny per box. After readiog Mrs. Shnte'e story of suffering sorely we moat admit that men sre not superior to women when it becomes a question of enduring pain with fortitude. 