THE OUTLOOK. DR. SELLORS IN IRELAND. At the Open Session of the Irish Conference, Dr. Sellors was accorded a prominent place on the { programme, and evidently had a good ! time. From the report of his speech in | the Christian Advocate, we gather that ! the doctor, as usual, revelled in statistics ji as to the position and operations of i Methodism in New South Wales. Con | eluding, he declared that Methodism | was a power out here, and ' was a ! Church that was aiding all in its power j to produce in the new nation the best ; things of the best nations, and keep out | the worst things of other nations.' Dr. Sellors said he would not refer to Methodist Union. ' His own Confer ence had not decided upon the question. ' They were waiting and they were acting cautiously, and he had come to Ireland !?: to learn a lesson or two in the mean | time.' In the concluding tribute to | the character of Irish Methodists out I here, the doctor got on to ground in | which every one who knows them will !: agree with him. ' Irish Methodists J were amongst the best they had in New ji South Wales, and he wished they had r thousands more of them.' j We have before us the | ' Christ's programme of the Peter j Peace. sham Christian Conference | to be held next week, i The mqinory of gracious seasons in con I nection with these gatherings in the j past is in itself sufficient to excite lively | interest in the proceedings that are to i begin on Monday next. The subject of j the Conference is, as given above, i ' Christ's Peace.' At all times a delightful subject, tbis is one that is j specially pertinent at the present time, ji The din of controversy alternates with js the eager struggling life of a community : intent on material progress and political j aggrandisement. In the midst of this j; there comes the opportunity for special [ meditation and instruction upon that [ sacred heritage of the believing soul, the j 'peace' which the world cannot give, I but which Christ gives and the Holy i; Ghost seals. As usual, the list of j speakers comprises representatives of all i the evangelical denominations. We |: devoutly pray that great grace may rest j upon them and upon all uniting with j them in the proceedings of next week. I The Rev. B. Danks has I; The New just issued from the | Britain Mission press a very useful, interesting, and tastily j printed brochure, giving a brief history of the New Britain mission. The mission I began in 1875., when the Eev. Dr. (then S Mr.) Brown, accompanied by a party of ! native ministers from Samoa, Fiji, and Tonga, sailed in the John Wtsley for the [? new fields. Subsequently other white J1 missionaries, including the Eevs. B and ij Mrs. DankB, I. and Mrs. Eooney, R. H. |; and Mrs. Rickard, W. and Mrs. Brown, |j F. B. and Mrs. Oldham, W. J. and Mrs. j: Chambers, J. A. and Mrs. Crump, and i; PI. and Mrs. Fellman, besides several p re-inforcements of native preachers from the older missions, have carried on the [ work, The pamphlet, which contains [: 36 pages, is profusely illu-.trated by well h executed blocks, showing portraits of the p late Rev. B. Chapman, General Secre te tary at the time the mission was estab j: blished, Dr. Brown, the pioneer of the S mission and present General Secretary, f.': as well as other missionaries and their wives, mission houses, etc. - The literary matter is written in an interesting and concise form, and the printing is fault lessly done by the Epworth Printing and Publishing House. Altogether it is a very beautiful little production, and may be obtained for the moderate sum of threepence. We understand that Mr. Danks has made a present of the booklet to the mission office, which will reap all the profits of the sale. Arrangements are to be made for its distribution amongst the Sunday-schools of the colonies, and, as an inducement, any child selling one . dozen copies will be entitled to a free copy for his own per sonal use ; or, in other words, any per son sending 3/8 to the Mission office will receive 13 copies, the additional 8d. being for postage. We suggest that a free copy be also sent to Cardinal Moran in order that he may have reliable information in the compilation of his history of Protes tant missions in the South Seas. The last number to hand 'Back to of the Western Chrislain Wesley.' Advocate, U.S.A., in a notice of the Rev. C. J* Prescott's lecture on Wesley, says : ' Simultaneously, from different conti nents, appear two pamphlet biographies of the founder of Methodism. The Book concern publishes 'People's Wesley, by Wm. McDonald, With an Introduction by Bishop W. F. Mallalieu.' This bears a medallion likeness of Wes ley, and divides its sixty- two pages into eleven chapters. The Epworth Printing and Publishing House, Sydney, Aus tralia, issues a thirty- eight-page pamph let : ' John Wesley, A Lecture, Delivered Before the Lincoln Guild, Sydney, by Rev. C. J. Prescott, M.A.' There is the difference between them that one would expect to find between a biography and a lecture ; but both outline Wesley's career, while the lecture enters more critically into the causes, effects, and tendencies of the Wesleyan movement. Both are designed and admirably adapted to awaken a popular . interest in Mr. Wesley. Both ascribe to the influence of the movement the preservation of England from the revolutionary scourge that deluged France in blood. . . One is impressed with the adaptability of his methods to new conditions ; and with the absurdity of supposing that, to be true to him, we are to be unchange able. His conservatism simply threaded new Methods. In learning, zeal, charity, and jprogress we would gain much by heeding the cry, 'Back to Wesley 1' The last annual Confer Extension ence resolved that the of Term. . subject of the extension of a minister's term of service in a circuit should be referred to the ensuing Quarterly Meetings and and also to the Trustees' Meetings. It will be of interest to those who will have to vote on this subject, to have the full text of the General Conference re solutions authorizing each annual Con ference to frame for itself regulations upon this subject. The permissive regulation authorized b- tbe General Conference is made to apply to ' the term during which a minister may be appointed to the same circuit subject to following conditions, viz., (!) No minister shall be appointed to the same circuit for more than five years in suc cession ; ; the appointment to be from year to year as at present. (2) No annual Conference shall exercise the power thus conferred upon it until it has taken, upon approved legal advice, the steps necessary to make such appointment legal. (3) Each such appointment beyond the present term of three years shall be made only upon the request of a two thirds majority of the September Quar terly Meeting preceding, and by a two thirds majority of the Annual Conference.' It is desirable that the The Ensuing question be made perfectly Vote. plain to those who will be asked to vote upon it next month. It is also desirable that due notice be given, so that the vote may be a large as well as an intelligent one. New Zealand and Queensland have already availed themselves of the per mission given by the General Conference, and we have it on excellent authority that the new legislation has so far worked very satisfactorily there. But it has only been in exceptional cases, in either colony, that appointments have been made beyond the ordinary term of three years ; and then in conformity with the provision requiring a two-thirds majority in the Quarterly Meeting and the Conference. In New South Wales we have on several occa sions ' evaded ' the law and made extended appointments to the Central Missions at York- street and Balmain. But this has been felt to be an unsatis factory and discreditable proceeding, and there is a general feeling that it should not be repeated. The permission given by the General Conference opens up an honourable and legal way of dealing with . special cases ; and it now remains with the Church Courts most concerned to say whether they desire this permission to be made use of or not so far as New South Wales is con cerned. It would perhaps be a Moran' s solatium to Patrick Fran Morality. cis Cardinal Moran that he was received with all official honour at Government House on Monday evening last, and was accorded precedence over Archbishop Smith. The laws governing the hospitalities of Government House are peculiar. We are not concerned with them just now. But the puzzle is that a man who has been so completely convicted at the bar of public opinion should carry himself in so jaunty a style, and go on repeating his grave offences in the sight of a reflecting .public. The correspondence columns of the daily papers give ample evidence of the opinion entertained of the Cardiual in all parts of the country and by all classes of the community including his own co-religionists; Perhaps the most complete illustration that could be given of the esti mate entertained by tbe general public of Moran's molality is to be found in the splendid cartoon in last week's Bulletin. The pleasantry contained in the picture only makes the condemnation carried by it the . more crushing. As the cartoon shows, the Cardinal has ' fallen in,' and that be ' won't admit though,' does not make any difference to the actual situation. Our readers are following, More than we doubt not, with keen Conquerors, interest, the controversy now almost daily main-: tained. On our part the victory is so complete that it is with a feeling of almost hilarious amusement that we open the morning's paper to read the latest. It is significant of the altered tone of the daily presB that addresses on the Protestant side are now fairly well reported, and correspondents are allowed opportunity to challenge and combat the Cardinal's fictions. The Rev. B. Danks has rendered yeoman service in hiss.everal letters. His exposure of the Pterary dishonesty of the Cardinal was complete and crushing. But to twist and garble authors of repute is an old and favourite device of Romish polemics. The late Archbishop Vaughan was almost as accomplished in this art as is Cardinal,, Moran There are yet more exposures of , this literary vandalism to be made before the fray is over. Our crusading friend, the Rev. P. J. Stephen, is also giving the Cardinal a warm time. There is no minister who has the ear of the city more completely just now than Mr. Stephen, and his rare pulpit and plat form powers are being effectively em ployed in turning the Cardinal's weapons against himself and the cause that he stands for. Summed up, we have much to thank the Cardinal for. He has completely discredited himself, he has, given our missions a splendid advertise ment ; he has raised the Protestant sentiment .of the country; and he has unified the Protestant forces of the city as perhaps they never were before. We are glad to see that Sunday the Rockdale Council is Sports. determined to put down open Sabbath desecration within it3 bounds. If the law is inadequate, then the municipal regula tions are to be brought into force. But there is no doubt in our mind that the . law is clear and adequate, and only needs to be administered fairly and fearlessly. As we remarked last week the churches will have to cultivate the militant spirit upon this and kindred matters. Grave evils threaten that must be actively combatted, and the Sabbath is one of the entrenchments against secularism and Romanism that must be held at all hazards. 