* BREAKING IN A BOOK AGENT. ' I am afraid that I once Bpoiled a good book agent,' said the head member of a book agency. ' We had got out an expensive religious book and had ad vertised for agents to handle it. Among the numerous applicants was a tall, lanky youth. I asked him if he thought he could Bell books, land he said that he reckoned ne couia.i ' Very well,' said I, * I'll. see what you can' do. Take this book and consider that I am your intended viotim. The price of the book runs from 2dols. to 4dols., but you must always endeavour to sell the highest- priced edition, although it iB no disgrace if you only succeed in selling the cheaper kind. If you succeed in selling me a book I will hire you. Now, go ahead.' He took the book, fumbled it very awkwardly, and then stammered : ' Yer don't wanter buy a book, do yer, mister?' I smilingly answered that I did not. ' Bettor buy one,' said he ; ' I'll sell it ter yer pretty cheap.' ' Get out of here 1' I yelled, pretending to be mad: 'Don't you Bee that sign, ' Book AgentB not Wanted ?' ' ' I'll let yer hev one fer4dols., mister, seein' it's ye,' said he, taking off his coat and throwing it on the floor. ' I'm afraid ? I begarn ' Four dollars, mister, an' cheap at the price,' he added, as he rolled up his shirt sleeves. I didn't like the looks of all these warlike proceedings, and declared the test off. But he refused and gave me three minutes to ' dig up ' the price of the book. While I was trying to make the fellow understand that the joke had gone far enough he jumped at me. I didn't stand the ghost of a show with the husky youth, and I soon found myBelf on the floor, with the would-be book agent sitting upon me, saying something about a book he would sell me ' powerfully cheap.' To save my life I relunotantly con sented to take one of the 2dol. kind. He said he waB sorry, but he only sold the 4dol. kind. He allowed me to get one hand loose, and I produced idols., whereupon he released me, and wanted to know how soon he could get to work. I kept my word and hired him, sent him as far west as I could, and then discharged him by wire. 