INDIAN GHOST STORY. MR. F. H. SKRINB tells the! following story in the j __ Calcutta 'National Maga- ] zine,' of what hap- | pezzed when engaged j in census operations in the 'Jungipore' : district of Bengal: 'I returned to my little camp one evening worn out with a heavy tale of work, and feeling even more homesick than usual. While sipping my brandy pani — afternoon tea was then indulged in only by the fair sex, and whisky was regarded slb a smoky fluid ap- j predated only by patriotic Scotchmen — I asked I my native messenger whether there were any of ' my countrymen in those parts. I was enchanted J to learn the existence of an indigo factory five j miles away. Here was. a relief to the barbarism \ and monotony of my daily life! In a' few minutes ? my pony was saddled and I speeding northwards - through fields of scarlet^ chillies relieved by the '?? old gold of grain ripe for the sickle. Half an hour's canter biought me within view of an avenue or casuarinas — large pimlorm trees | which in Bengal invariably bespeak the i proximity of a European bungalow. Alas, j the ruin which . has fallen on a once great and flourishing industry too often pro- j duces a bitter disappointment. The giant pines still lift their heads heavenwards, but the Bweet English home which once nestled in their shadow is often a heap of formless ruin, the haunt of the j cobra and jackal. In this instance, however, no j such disillusion awaited me, for I was greeted with the blessed vision of a white skirt in the verandah i of the straggling creeper-covered house; and soon ! received a warm welcome from the fair chate laine. She was a Frenchwoman on the sunny side of 30, trim, petite, and charmingly dressed, with a wealth of hair whose beaaty was not ob scured by the immense chignon then in vogue, and a pair of haunting hazel eyes. Soon afterwards her husband rode in from bis daily task of super intending the cultivation of the capricious weed which makes or mars a planter's fortunes m a single season. 'There was no mistaking his nationality — a Portly, bearded Gascon, whose volubility and love of gesture would have qualified him to pose as a model for M. Tartarin de Tarascon. We were soon deep in a discussion of the latest phases of the war which was desolating his country. Din ner came as an agreeable relief to the emotions evoked by a condemnation of the imbecility of French generals and the ruthlessness of the Man or Blood and Iron. Our hostess had listened to our eager debates with a well-bred semblance of j interest, but she was evidently a prey to some j grave preoccupation. Was it the woes of la j belle France, then writhing under the Teuton's I heel? Evidently not; for I saw her lovely eyes j fill with tears as she turned over the pages of a I photographic album. Ten o'clock was struck on j the factory gong, and I asked for my horse, but M. Gilbert would not hear of my returning to my j lonely tent through the dedaliah village paths, and | told me that my bedroom~would be ready before we had finished our second bottle of claret. Such was Indian hospitality before the influx of 'globe trotters' and the paralysis caused by inept legis lation conspired to make it nearly impossible. Madame soon bade us good night; and an hour later I was inducted into my room and left to woo a well-earned sleep. My courtship was of short duration, in spite of a rocky couch — for feather beds are unbearable in the Tropics, and spring mattresses were still in the bosom of futurity. I was awakened in the dead of night, and sat up, trembling with the terror which comes once or i twice in a lifetime from the approach of the Un known. A child's voice came from without. In tones of agony it shrieked, 'Mamma! Ayah!' I sprang through the open French window into the flower garden. All was still, except the thump of my heart as I listened-'*BtentlT- -^-It- ^naust hav6 been a jackal, I thought; but, hark! again the wail rang out— 'Mamma! Ayah!' This time there was no mistake as to the direction. The sounds came from tb«» indigo vats, an appurtenance of every factory. They are deep masonry cisterns, in which the green plant is immersed in order to extract the coloring matter. I ran down the avenue, climbed the party wall separating the row of vats, and peered into the dark recesses of each. All were empty, save one filled with clear water to serve as a reservoir for the garden; and it showed no sign of human life. Filled with creep ing fear, I turned and walked slowly towards the house over ground on which the feathery foliage of the casuarinas seemed to be photographed by the moonlight. 'High above their mournful sough there came again the childish screams. I ran back to the vats, and searched each in vain. 'Shall I alarm the house?' I asked myself. The feeling that. hu- man intervention was useless restrained me, and I sought my bed, whereon I tossed till the morn ing sun pierced the Venetian blinds. It was very late, according to Anglo-Indian ideas, ere I joined my entertainers at breakfast. There was some thing in my appearance which showed that all had' not gone well, for I was pressed with questions as to whether I had slept soundly. I admitted that I had not, and began to tell the strange eDisode of the night. Before the denouement was reached my hostess sank from her chair in a swoon. M. Gilbert, as he ran to her assistance, cast on me a glance of menace and reproach which I shall never forget. Wi*b the help of the servants be carried the poor creature to an adjoining bedroom, leaving me in mute amazement at the effect of my plain, unvarnished tale. After ten minutes or so he returned, and, striding up to me, said, in a voice trembling with fury 'Well, sir, what am I to understand by this mystification?' *What on *arfh do win mean?' 'Yes. sir. mvstification : and permit me to observe that it is in execrable1 taste.' So saying M Gilbert brought his pudgy fist down on the table with a thump that made the hot-water dishes sound a carillon. Shifting my position to a point within reach of the carving knife, in view of active hostilities, I replied, 'Now, M.' Gilbert, perhaps you will explain the meaning of such language to a guest.' There was some thing in my manner which impresed the unhappy man. He grew calmer, and asked anxiously whether I had really heard the voice in the dead of the night and whether I did not know the mis fortune which had wrecked bis life and was break ing his wife's heart. I assured him, on my word of honor, that I had heard his name for the first time on the previous day. 'Sir,' ne replied after a pause, 'our little boy was drowned a year ago i 