.---i--" , W.A.C.E. UNION. - The opening meeting of the fifth annual convention of the West Australian Chris- tian Endeavour Union was held last Satur- day evening in the Trinity Hall, when 18 secretaries from the goldfields and the country districts attended a social tea. After the report a long conference was held on Christian Endeavour work and methods as affecting secretaries. «It was unanimously decided to push on the work of forming praying and Bible study bands. It was also resolved that at future monthly meetings short papers on society difficul- ties should be delivered,'the first of its kind to be. one on " Hindrances to Spirituality in our Societies." A well attended prayer meeting was held on Sun- day in the Baptist Church at 1 a.m. Oh Monday a devotional conference will be held in the Trinity Church at: 4.30, fol- lowed by a.tea and welcome to delegates at 6.30. Subsequently the ^annual business meeting was hold, when reports from ^hegoldfields and central unions were.re- ceived and the election of officers took place.- . ' . -. -r.-- ",. ' - ; : Tu e-me eting^ -A sprayer' kéeíáug was .held-; in-Wesley church parlour kíTiíinV,^en áá'taddress < was jgivèn by theBèv. F. H¿ Buford:4 Afr'! ifa\t-jm& iu^B^t^::i^fillh*i^- byan. : address from! jth^Bey. D. BOBS,;M.A. . At I half-past: 4" iri! the afternoon a devotional conference : was held in '-Trinity Church, ' presided over !by the Bev. H. G. Hodge, who delivered an address on "The Ministry of the Holy Ghost." . An addreBS wai also delivered by the Bev. E. DaVies.'who took " Soul-winning*' for his, subject. ~ Two-" hours later the delegates assembled fer tea in Trinity Hail, the meeting Tiaving the Bev. G. E. Bowe, for its chairman.* A hearty welcome to the convention was ten- dered by the Berth and Fremantle friends to. the goldfields abd country delegates. « The meetings were continued on TaeB- ' day. The chairman was the Bev. A. S. Wilson, v who gave a short j address on " Systematic and Proportional j Giving" to mission work. The Rev. D. i BOBS, M.A., also addressed the meeting \ on the subject of missions. The annual - meeting was* held on: Monday evening at Wesley Church. The; church walls were festooned with the " ' banners and mottoes of the various j societies, which were crowned with a design ] bearing the inscription, " Fof -Christ- and ! the Church/' ¿úd-the effect was striking. ; There was a large gatherihjj of-m^mberB of i the various societies and the public, the ? ; .body of "the^church beii% comfortably fiHed.rThs.Bsvi j, -Át^aÍh^ype^BÍáeU,jmá' thais were with himVbn the^uitrorm' the Eev¿ H.C* Hódge/of Tortrand F. H. Bad ford, of -Katanning. Mr. Jeffreys apolo- j gised for the absence Of the Bev. Mr. Barclay,-president of the "union, and the Bev. A. W. Bray. The secretary read his report on the work of the Union for the past year. Much discouragement had been felt by societies through leakage of members caused by the sudden departures of valued workers, and country societies, whose pioneer efforts depended on the . few, were most in- jured by this. lu most oases, how $W«Ï -M».. gfá» -M. Wabere 'fiñvpgeá MeT"4 losses, outline grand tptal increase, fojc |&e;í year- «ndmgl.""XngBst~ .wai "sn-âdt ?^The yonhg people's societies in fchennioa. s numbered 8?, anóSalIyoung people's socie- ties known to exist in the colony norn* -i bared. 38.. Nine societies had joined the union since ' last contention, bat included' in these figures there were two or three societies practically defunct mainly owing to migration. The total junior societies were 12, with a total membership of 105 active members and 88 trial members. Tba total number of senior endeavourers in all societies was ?600, the total number of asso- ciate members 132 and honorary members 68; grand total, 800.- Four hundred and fifty of these members were church mem- bers and at least 208 were Sunday-school teachers. The report of the tenth legion .was read by Mr. Barnes, showing that at the last convention the legion roll contained 28 names, one of whom, the lamented Miss Annie Ranford, of Katanning, secretary of the society there, bad died. There were now on the roll 45 members, being an in- crease of 17 for the year. Of the members enrolled 35 were Baptist, five Wesleyan?, four Presbyterians, one Congregational; total 45. .Mrs. A. S. Wilson, superintendent of the ^ Comrades of the Quiet flour, presented her ^ report, which the^ocretairy read. The total 'number of members on the^oU-iras 72. '? ll'hè treasurer. t(Mjrj G. J. Stout)" sub- < mftrted tba apnual-^halaniieiaheet, abowing * the'receipts, moluduaj^^Sli 4s. 6d. carried forward1 from -last convention; to have been . Ü72¡6s;'9d. and the'e^enditure *«71 18s: 2d., leaving a credit balance of 7s. 7d. -.. Mr. S. A. BENNETT, secretary of the Eastern Goldfields District Union, gave a ' rtsvme of their work. There were, he stated, six societies in the Union, and quarterly rallies were held in the^, different centrea ef the goldfields, comprising Kanowna, Coolgardie, Kalgoorlie, Bonnie ? Vale, and Boulder. The Union embraced J62 members, and the largest number of mem- bers for one sooiety waa Queen's Church, Bouldar, which had 30 members alto- gether. Good work was being done , in connection with the drink traffic, Sunday labour on mines, Sabbath desecration, and the social evil evil. The election of officers for the ensuing year resulted as follows :-President, Bev. W.T. Kenchj vice-presidents, Revs. J. A. Jeffreys and Ey Davies; general secretary, Mr, J. Barnes assistant secretary, Mr. 13. J. Barker; treasurer,?? Mr. G. J. Stout j auditor, Mr, C. H. Cargeeg. The meeting closed with devotional exercises. . : ". ' 