MDY BARBARITY. .. CHAPTER XIX.-(Continued.) 'My dearest Bab,' says he directly, and with a simple' tenderness that was appealing, -pray allow me to give you a little counsel. I pray you for heaven's sake dismiss this folly! I beg you to abstain from so terrible an error.' 'Papa,' eays I, curtly, 'I have a chin.' And out I jutted it, and dipped my forefinger in the dimple in it which dimnle is worth about two thousand sighs a year, they tell me. 'Yes,' said his lordship, sadly, 'ycu have a chin. It was bequeathed you by your late mamma. She was the celebrated lady who on one occasion did box the ears of the Prince of Wales. I believe that on one or two occa sions also she interfered with mine. A very pearl of women, mind, with the beauty of an angel, but she could be a domestic terror if she chose.' ' 'But, my lord, I understand that if she is so much as held her little finger up, you were wonderful docile and obedient.' 'I was never guilty of the discourtesy of thwarting a woman in her whims.' 'And in your age you will not be so, I am certain, else the world will say you are ar rived at your decrepitude,' I cunningly re plied. 'You really think they will?' his lordship gasped. 'I. am as certain of it as I axn uncertain of my future state,' sayg I with fervor. 'And if yo.i order the chaise for twenty after six to-morrow, you will catch the nine o'clock from York with ease.' 'Tis horrible cold at that unseasonable toour these winter mornings,' says the old man nervously. 'The journey will do you more good than i six. physicians.' says I, with the sturdiest con viction. ' 'And when his Majesty receives so old a friend tears of joy will fill his eyes; and when he learns the exceeding mercy of the errand that hath brought you, his compassion for you will be such, that 'pon my soul, I think he'll weep upon your neck. And I be lieve he'll lend us the Royal Chapel to be married in. And faith, my lord, what if he gave away the bride. The dear old gentleman, who never could find it in his heart to deny us women any- 1 thing, was visibly shaken by my ruddy elo quence and the excited flashing of my eye?. 'But these winter mornings are most harsh towards ue men of middle age,' says he. 'My dear papa,'' says I, 'your years sit eo neatly on you that it is the height of affecta tion for you to claim the least infirmity. Now I will see that you retire at nine o'clock this evening; I will have your man prepare your baggage, and set that he puts a water-bottle in the chaise. Leave everything to me, my dear papa, and depend upon it you shall start for town at twenty after six to-morrow, as blithely as you did upon your wedding morn ing. But, sir, there is one thing that you must promise me: not a word to my most ad mirable aunt. A long course of theology and smelling salts hath ? perverted the original poetry of her soul.' His lordship promised gallantly, but quite as much, I think, from a fear of Lady Caro line as from his natural disposition to oblige me. Having once wrung a kind ,of tottering consent from the old, reluctant gentleman, 1 was at great pain9 to keep him to his word. 1 planned everything relating to his journey with the greatest perspicacity and prompti tude, nor did I omit to advise his lordship of The fact. But I had to confess to my private mind that my faith was not too great in my ambassador, who, from age and his habit of indolence, might not conduct my cause with a liveliness that would readily sway his Majes ty. Therefore I took a piece of paper and drew up theiieads of -what I considered- hie be havior ought to be in the presence of the King, and hoped that as they were so explicitly re corded he would duly follow them. The pa per ran, I think, somewhat in this tenor: Ob tain audience after his Majesty hath dmea, for the sake of his temper's condition»in quire after his health with concern— if it be strong let your solicitude be quite visible; if it be weak, tell him in a hearty voice that you never saw him looking better in his life, and that you never knew a doctor yet who was not a fool, providing he was not a rogue. Casu ally introduce the beauty and the amiability of his children; if his Majesty attempt a jest laugh heartily, if he undertake a story, do not by any chance have heard it previously, and encourage him with your applause long be fore it 'culminates; if he adventure a pun, flick fortji your handkerchief to take away appre ciative tears; if ihe be glum, avoid theology and polities; if he offer snuff, accept the most moderatj of pinches (he is a Guelph, you know), and be horribly careful that you do not drop a grain on the carpet or Bis breeches; be charmed with the rarity and the beauty of the box, and if it prove a present from the Queen comment on the chastity of her taste — if you carry a better in your fob do not ex hibit it; tell him casually that your daughter Bab is devoted to him, and contrive to let him know what the poets think about her (even kings cannot withstand the devotion of fair women)— tell him that 6he hath five pictures of him to adorn her chamber, then pave the way with compliments and caution for the busi ness of your visit I insisted on his lordship retiring that even ing very early, and after a pretly moderate potation. Having bribed his man to* have his master wound up and set in motion at an hour +lio+ oi4nnic-iarl 'him T rotirorJ alan Thf fol lowing morning at the stroke of five I was in the hands of Emblem, and a little later was personally superintending the departure of iny emissary. Long before my aunt appeared at eight o'clock I had got my lord upon !his journey. You may divine with what impatience I awaited his return. I might be distrustful of his years, but regarding the considerable figure that he made at Court, and the power he wielded, I never entertained a doubt Be sides, he had a tact quite wonderful in a man, and a power of soft persuasion that was ir resistible as music. And I knew the dear good soul to be devoted to me, and incapable of thwarting my most unreasonable whims. An intolerable fortnight passed before my lord was back again. He ihad hardly time to doff his travelling suit ere I was besieging him with my anxious questions. But it was very sad news he brought me. 'My dear child,' he told me tenderly, 'I wish to spare you all pain that is unnecessary, but I regret to say that there is really nothing to be done. His Majesty refused to see me.'1 'His Majesty refused to see you!' I cried out. His words had put a pitiful commotion in my heart 'Unhappily,' he says, 'these Yorkshire irre- , gularities of ours have by some means be come tiho property of the town, and the whole ; fainily is in terrible disgrace; and, I might j add, would have been in some degree of peril but for the merciful recovery of the rebeL' | 'Indeed,' says I, inconsequently, and then : observed a miserable silence for a while. ! 'You see, my poor, dear child,' the old worldling said, 'one cannot hope to plunge one's finger in the smoking pie of politics without getting that finger burned.. I am very sorry for you, child, but I can no more save your friend than I can sway the ^eternal forces.' 'Have you seen the Parliament men, my lord — Walpole, Harley. Fox, Derby, and the rest?' 'Yes, and quite against their several in clinations,' he replied. 'Tihey felt k to be highly indiscreet to receive one who was out of favor. As for lending their assistance, I can assure you, child, that they know their business better.' 'How monstrous of them!' I broke oat 'Set of water-blooded wretches, who will not help their friends!' 'Ah, but we are not their friends now; we are out of favor.' The ancient courtier said this lightly, but I knew that his heart was groaning. He had passed his gay years bathed in the sunshine of applause and pop ularity; it was bitter that his end should be a dark night of contumely and neglect Nothing could be more cruel or more wound ing to this polished and successful man of fashion. Yet it amazed me to see how finely he took these rebuffs of fortune. His courage sat on him like a shining suit of mail. It filled any heart with tears to wit ness such cheerful bravery in the aged and the infirm. 'Well, papa,' says I, turning to speech as a remedy against the weakness that strove to so insidiously reduce me, 'I have sworn to save young Anthony, and never yet have I proved unequal to my word.' ' 'Tis never too late to create a prece dent,' says the Earl, 'nor to enjoy a new experience. I have lived a many years, but it is not until to-day that I have tasted the coldness of the world.' 'I have always averred, you know,' says I, with misfortune spurring me to my cus tomary petulance; 'that these sauer- kraut chewing Boors from Hanover have no more breeding than a certain native beastliness that enables them to become like pigs, offen sive to creatures of a nicer mind. But, after all, wit is the superior of power; and if 1 cannot find a means whereby to thwart 'em, I must be content to lose the only hus band I ever can accept. I will start for town to-morrow morning.'' 'No, don't do that' says his lordship, has tily; 'I am sure it will be very ill advised. Pray wait until this cloud is over blown. You are too much of a butterfly, my child, not to discover the shade exceeding cruel to endure. You will find London very blight ing, I assure you.' But I was unheedful, and the more par ticularly when I was told that poor Anthony had undergone his trial 'already, and that at that hour he lay in Newgate under ex treme sentence, which awaited execution on the 24th of May. It was now the 2nd of that month. It will thus be seen how little time there was to lose. Three weeks and a day were left in which to procure his deliverance; not by any means too adequate a period in which to accomplish so involved a deed, even had I had the ghost of an idea as to the manner of its consummation. To remain at Cleeby the slave of despair and bitterness would certainly be fatal to my lover; therefore, quitting my dubious papa, I hied immediately to Emblem and bade her pack my baggage. On1 the mor row I was speeding to the south, evolving as I went all sorts of mad schemes in my brain for the achievement of so desperate an object CHAPTER XX.— I SPEAK WITH THE CELEBRATED MR. SNARK. On arriving at our town residence in ! Bloomsbury it was easy to ascertain that ? the family of Long Acre had fallen on an evil time. The troops of friends that for merly were so willing to receive and to be received now kept aloof, and avoided me in every way possible, as though I were a j very leper. At first I felt disposed to ac- j cept this calmly, and in an amused but not ! uncharitable spirit. I persuaded myself | that I could surely dispense with the favor of these shallow persons. But one week of It corrected this impression. For I soon dis covered that flattery, admiration, and whole sale triumphs in the social sphere were in dispensable to a life in town. Nature, in endowing me with a smile that, as young Anthony once remarked, was 'sufficient to sweeten sour cream,' and a beauty of person., that provoked more odes than a successful i campaign, also cursed me with a craving ! for its appreciation. Therefore, in a day or two, when the novelty was outworn, dis favor and neglect became terribly irksome to support And however proud a face I might put upon the matter when I went abroad, my pain 'was not thereby, made the softer. It seems that the story had flown across the town with the quickness peculiar to a scandal, that our family had been so active j in the cause of the Pretender Charles that j it had gone to, the length of harboring rebels i at our place in Yorkshire, and even plucked I them from the custody of the Hanoverian j troops. Further, it was known that the | King had refused the entree to my father ? and myself, and soon a sinister, rumor crept abroad to the effect that the Earl's name was to be cited in the House of Lords as guilty of a capital offence. Truly, I found things in London to be dark indeed. It was evi dent from the first that it would be impossi ble to seek in high places for aid for the man lying under sentence of death in New gate. It was this ulterior assistance that I had relied on wholly: and now for it to be quite beyond my reach was a great aggra vation to my miseries. Shorn of., this privi lege of the powerful, I knew not which way I must turn, and in a week or less was at my wits' end for an expedient. At that time my love had only ten days to live, and here was I with nothing done. Where were my promises? The agony that was mine dur ing those fast-slipping days I do not care to dwell on. Every hour that passed was a reproach to my futility. The suspense, the misery, and the vain repinings, as I searched for a means and could not find one, whilst the days all too rapidly escaped, fretted me almost to the fever-state. By night I could not sleep; yet by day I could accomplish no thing. Shunned and scorned by all . who had the power to help me; fettered by the horrid disabilities of petticoats, and the sheer ignorance of how to obtain so grave and dangerous a consummation, there seemed nothing left for me to do, other than to await with what fortitude I might the rebel's aw ful end. But this I could not do. (To be continued.) 