ORDINATION AT 88. PETER AND PAUL'S. Ae important ordination ceremony took place in SS. Peter and Paul's Cathedral on Sunday last (Pentecost Sunday), when four students from the Passionists' Retreat were ordained to the priesthood All the services during the day were commemorative of the great event of the comining of the Holy Ghost. It was also the 32nd anniver sary of the consecration of the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan as Bishop of the diocese, and it was a source of great satisfaction to all that he was able after his recent illness to attend at the eight o'clock mass and administer Holy Communion without showing fatigue. The oedination took place at eleven o'clock mass, the Right Rev. Dr. Gallagher being the otfeiiating bishop, The names of those ordained are--Father Benedict Abel, O.P., Father Charles Jerger, C.P., Father Ignatius Lemesurer, C P., and Father Bernard Robertson, C.P. Father Jerger is well known in Goulburn. Two of the new priests hail from Tasmania and one from England. The clergy came in procession from the sacristy, the candidates for ordination each carrying a lighted candle (the symbol of divine faith and love) and the priests' vestments folded. The Bishop, with mitre and crozier, walked in the rear and on reaching the altar he began the mass. The sermon waspreached after the Epistle by Father Vincent, Provincial of the Passionist Fathers. He referred in eloquent language to the feast of the day. He said that many glories and wonders gathered round it and the day was a fitting one for the ceremony about to take place. After explaining the meaning of the several symbolin ceremonies of the ordination service he spoke of Bishop Lanigan's consecration and his 32 years' work, expressing the hope that he might long be spared to the priests and people of the diocese. In forming and founding the diocese who could say what anxiety and prayers the labour had cost him ? To speak of the material diocese churches, had sprung up everywhere week after week, convents opened, schools opened, and blessings brought to the remotest parts of the diocese, and all well organeised. Turning to the spiritual part, the priesthood, what a noble band of learned and efficient men he had gathered about him. The diocese was served by a priesthood second to none under the Southern Cross. For all these things a faithful people were grateful and he was sure they all joined with their bishop in the joy of that day, when four young men, after years of careful preparation, were about to be called to the priesthood The speaker also re ferred to the noble destiny that was before the young priests and the great joy they must feel. After asking the congregation to pray fervently for those about to be ordained, Father Vincent descended from the pulpit and presented the candidates to the Bishop. Whilst the Litany of the Saints was being sung the four candidates laid prostrate before the altar. Then followed the imposition of ha'ns, after which the Bishop put the pnres's stole on each and the priest's outer vestment or bchasuble folded on their shoulders. The hands of each were then anointed with holy oil, and after a bleseing a paten with bread on it and a chalice with wine was pre. sented to them as symbolical of the power to offer the sacrifice of the mase. The mass was then con tinued, the new priests joining the Bishop in saying it. The Bishop then gave them communiono, usintg a special formula of prayer, and they purified them selves with wine as he did. The new priests recited the Apostles' Creed and the Bishop placed his hands on the heads of each and gave him power to absolve sins. He then fully vested each as a priest and asked them severally if they would be obedient to their ecclesiastical superior. As each replied in the affirmative he kissed him. The Bishop then blessed them and concluded the mass. The ceremony, in oluding the sermon, lasted two hours. At its con clusion a large number of the congregation advanced to the altar-rail to receive the new priests'eblessing. The choir contributed appropriate music in excellent style, Hr. G. MIcConnell presiding at the grand organ. The ceremony was witnesseod by a large congregation. The Passionist Fathers and the now priests were entertained at dinner at the Presbytery. 