Nursery Accidents. When anything gets into the eye the eye should be widely opened by the finger and thumb of the left hand of the operator, while the little object can then be removed on the corner of a handkerchief by the right hand. If it is inside the upper lid, however, a pen- cil or darning-needle must be placed flat upon the upper eyelid about half-an-inch above the lashes, and the lashes are then drawn upwards, while the pencil is kept steadily pressed against the eye ball, and the patient told to look down. If there is anything in the eye the lid should be kept closed, and the affected eye should not be rubbed ; but some- times it is a good plan to rub the other eye, causing an increased flow of tears, by which means the object may be got rid of ; and blowing the nose will also sometimes draw the tears that way and help its removal. Cold water or cold tea may then be applied to subdue any inflammation. Lime, mortar, or plaster in the eye are very dangerous, but if seen directly after the accident they should be treated by syringing with cold weak vinegar and water. If some time has passed by olive oil should be applied. The child should be put to bed, and a doctor sent for as soon as possible, to ascertain the amount of the injury. Children will often push some little object up the nose or into the ear, and this is best left till the surgeon can re- move it, although it may sometimes be got out by a loop of fine wire, or by syringing ; but it must be remembered that a very delicate membrane, called the drum of the ear, is stretched across the end of the outer canal, which is only about an inch and a-quarter long, and that if the nozzle of the syringe is pushed in too far, or the syringing is too forcible, or if the syringe is put in in such a way that it interferes with the water flowing out, this membrane may be ruptured, which often leads to deafness. It is particularly important never to syringe the ear or nose if a pea, bean, or other substance of that kind is in it, as the water will cause these to swell and lessen the chance of get- ting them out easily. A box on the ear or the firing of a heavy gun will sometimes rupture the drum, and then a sort of humming sound is heard like that of a sea-shell placed against the ear. A drop of glycerine may be very carefully dropped into the ear, or a little piece of wool put in very lightly at the orifice to break any vibra- tions of sound. Poisoning.—Children are so curious as to the contents of various cupboards, bottles, &c.;, that it is very necessary to be on one's guard against poisoning. All poisonous articles should be put high above their reach, and their ten- dency to investigate the contents of bottles should be checked. I know of one case in which a baby of 2 years of age died from the effects of drinking nearly half-a-pint of raw brandy. Should such a thing happen, and the child take an overdose of alcohol in this way, the best thing is to make it sick by giving it a dose of mustard and water or tickling the throat with a feather. The little ones should not be allowed to suck the paint off their toys. It sometimes happens, however, that a child, owing to carelessness or igno- rance on the part of its nurse, acci- dentally takes poison. In this case, of course, treatment chiefly depends on what has been taken, if it is possible to ascertain this ; but if you do not know what the poison is administer olive oil, linseed oil, or salad oil, and barley water, copiously. If a poison makes a child sleepy, or insensible, or very excited and delirious, give an emetic at once, and this should also be done if there is pain in the stomach, accompanied by vomiting and diarrhoea. A tablespoonful of salt in warm water, or half the quantity of mustard, or a dessertspoonful of ipecacuanha wine, in a little less than a tumblerful of warm water, acts powerfully ; or the throat should be tickled with the finger or a feather.— "Home Notes." By a new French law any one found guilty of revealing the contents of a pri- vate letter will be punished with impri- sonment for six days the term to be in- creased where the opening of the letter is not accidental, even if the contents have not been divulged. Theatrical Item.—" Do you think that as a rule people who attend theatres are superstitious ?" " Do I think so ? I know it. I have seen people sit for an hour waiting for a ghost to walk." " For that matter the actors themselves often wait longer than that." 