There, in the privacy of his sanctum the Colonel sat, and edited his paper with the predatory shears and the dishonest paste pot, Max Adler. Australia only has one baronet-Sir Rupert Clarke. - Colonel Spalding has resigned the post of Governor of Norfolk Island. Time, too. At i o'clock on Boxing Day the Syd ney town clock struck 14. To much Cbrishmish ! Most of the land in Mexico is held under a system of feudal tenure by about seven thousand families. Queensland's weekly leper lias been discovered at Mackay, renowned for its flies, rum, and alien population. The estimated gold yield of the colony for the past 12 months is 310,929 oz, of the value of ¿"1,139,485. Lambton municipality is in the hands of a receiver, who does not appear to be receiving much but aldermanic curses. Sydney's oldest living ex-Mayor en ters on hts 80th year this month, and the veteran George Thornton, is still hale and hearty. The McSharry case cost the country ¿29,433. Barton, Bruce Smith, R. £, O'Connor got about three-fourths of this sum. Australia for the Australians : Haw kers' licenses were granted to 89 Chinese, Hindoos, Greeks, and Assyrians at New castle last week. In Australia the consumption of meat set down at 2631b per head per annum, as against 1091b consumed by the " blaw sted Britisher." Mr. W. T. Stead, writing of Bismarck, considers it the one redeeming point in his character 41 that he believed in ghosts ! and believed in God." A Syrian girl, aged 18, who for years had held a hawker's license in this colony, was last week refused a renewal, because she was under age. Large petroleum wells have been dis coved in British Borneo, a few days sail from Australia. It can be landed here at about half the cost of American oils. 100 men drafted last year into the police force of N.S.W. averaged 5ft iff inches in height. There are many new men in the *. foorce" of 6ft 2in. in height. A son of Mr. Eagle was lost during a dust-storm near Menindie for three days. He was found to be none the worse for his experience. Nice place, Menindie to stay away from. Rev. Dr. Zillman, not unknown in Windsor, urges the claims of Monaro country to be chosen as the site of the federal capital. Why no select the sum mit of Mount Kosciusco at once. A Chinese jockey won several races at Omeo (Vic) recently, and Ah Sam (an other Chow) rode two wins and secured four places out of six starts at Cobungra (Vic.) in one day. Some time ago there came from the backblocks an applicant for appointment to the N.S.W. police force, whose height was 6ft 8 inches, and who was a typical bushman. He proved too large an order, however. Kiama presents a special object lesson for legislators. In that town houses are being pulled down to escape the taxation which bat-blind legislation places upon improvements. A camel team last week arrived from Bioken Hill with merchandise. Unless rain falls it is expected camels will have to be used for carrying the mails. The stages are getting too long for horses. During the holidays the Education Department has been beseiged by teach ers, from all parts of the colony, all anxious for removals to better schools.. Chief-Inspector Bridges has been holding , daily levees. j Wireless telegraphy is an assured fact. { From a station at Poole in England mes j sages are sent to Alum Bay, in the Isle of I Wight, 18 miles distant ; and replies are I received, night or day, and either in I foggy or clear weather. j Referring to a wages cut on the j Chicago elevated railroad, a newspaper j of that city says :-" No trouble is ex pected, as the workmen have always re fused to join Labor organisations." Commet is needless, During the past year 19 men were killed in the Broken Hill mines, which is the record, the previous heaviest year being 1895, when 18 were killed. In spite of the risk the men have to fight continuously to preserve their wages from being cuL 