AT ? -♦ ? A Tale of the Rising of 1803. BY JAMES MURPHY. ! Authbr of 'The Forge of Clohogue,' 'Hugh Roach, the Ribbonman,' &c.; [all eights keservbd.] . Chapter V. Thh Coach and Horsea was the first stopping-place on the Wicklow and Wexford road for the mails in the old coaching days ; and its warm and spacious rooms,' and its blazing tires, Bped the parting travel ler on his way and welcomed the comer from the south, city-bound. It warmed the traveller facing the cold of the swampy Rock road — ' TheRockiddy Road to Dublin,' as it.was called in old parlance— - and put life into the shivering Wexfordian who had perforce to travel on the outside of the coach from Bray by the Hill of Loughlinstown, with its legen dary dangers of footpad and highwayman, through Cabinteely and Sallynoggin until he emerged on the wind-swept road that led sea-Bide from Black rock. It was a home in many senses; and, within a couple of miles of the gates of the city, furnished a fair instalment of the comforts of the hospitable metropolis. Its drinks were second to none; and its beds, when incoming travellers chose to rest and recover themselves there, were clean and comfort able. It was on the great pathway from the south; and as the ' avant courier ' of the metropolis felt called upon to discharge its mission faithfully and well — and it did. It never anticipated the evil days in store for it No melancholy prophet foretold the time when that high road would, be a high road no longer for the Leinster sea-board counties, but when just in front of its door, cheek by jowl with the good old Rockiddy Road, an iron one would run with an infernal machine, puffing and smoking, and pulling more carriages and goods after it at one offer than all the carriers- waggons brought city- wards in a month. No fortune-teller, either, made bold to predict that right opposite the Coach and Horses at the other side of the road ?would be erected a railway Btation to accommodate the passengers by that coming miraculous thing which, working without horses or mules, was to run as fast as the wind, but which had as yet no existence and was to be evolved out of the womb of the future. Still less had any seer dared to say that in front of this self -same Coach and Horses, then silent and blind and dumb, lights no longer in its windows, and welcome no longer at its open doors and cheery bars, a still more infernal machine would run along this self-same Blackrock-road, on iron bars, driven by lightning— not caught from the skies, but actually made two miles away on part of the lands of time-honoured Donnybruok. Such are the sad reverses civilization has occa sionally to meet on its way. Donnybrcok, where the pleasant and merry citizens of Dublin enjoyed themselves in the summer time, and out of which brought home to the courts and alleys abun dance of health and fresh air in their lungs from the flower- covered banks of the Dodder, the scenes of innocent pleasure and amusement— Donnybrcok now turned into a store-house for making and hold ing lightning ! The fine mail coaches with their four spanking horses sweeping along the road, in the summer day, the coach with its paint and var nish and gold glittering in the bright sun's rays, the Bea throwing its foam white as snow over the brown sandB to the left, the purple Dublin mountains to the light,, and Dalkey Hill and Dunleary to the front, whilst the guard with his long brass trumpet wade the roll-call echo along the strand of Booters town and the groves of Frescatti and called forth the whoops and cheers of every bare-footed young blackguard as it swept down the curving hill into Blackrock ! And in replacement of this striking and picturesque scene we have an old iron me chine, puffing its black smoke into the clear pure air and screaming at odd intervals, to the great discomfort of everybody's nerves , or the jingle, jingle, of the electric trams terrifying old ladies until they are fairly urged at last to end their miseries by hurry ing over and throwing themselves under the wheels ! Is it any wonder that the Coach and Horses stands sightless and blind, its life and merriment-gone, its warmth and hospitality vanished, in face of this disastrous retracement of civilization i . Any unlucky seer who foretold such a Btate of things, in the good year of 1802, would have been taken and tin ceremoniously heaved into the sea in front of the Coach and Horses— oud very pro perly ! The hospitable tavern on this night, however, and at the hour when our travellers arrived there, was plosed ancj ftp windows dark, Th§ whole place Blept in an atmospere of profound repose. Host and guest and customers alike were all asleep. ?' Heavens above ! this will never do !' ejaculated Dick Ronayne, as having gained the road in front of the house, they gazed at its dark exterior. ' I want some refreshments badly. This run has taken more out of me than I thought.' ' And I, too,' said Emmet. ' I did not by any means -anticipate this night's proceedings when I left Daly's. Do you know the folk here ?' ' Do I? I rather guess I do ! I have never been around shooting this way that I did not make call. Why, I spend all my Christmas vacations here. Know them ! — I rather think so.' 'Then, for heaven's sake, try and rou&e; them. I never felt the need for something hot worse in my life.' 'Let me see,' said Dick, pondering, as he sur veyed the front of the houae. ' Yes, I have it. Come with me. We shall go round to the back. 1 thinK. I have hit on the proper thing.' And accordingly they deflected a little to the right, crossed a large iron gate which led into the extensive coach yard, and presently found them selves in front of a huge mastiff which came growl ing with furious strides towards them. ' Down, Bran 1 Down !' said Dick in a, low voice, and the dog abandoning his growl and his menacing jumps forward, crept on his breast at once, and putting up his nose licked the hand which Ronayne held out to him. They were evi dently old friends. ?* You seem to know your way about here,' whispered Robert Emmet. ' The very watch-dog seems to know you.' ?' Oh, Bran and I are old comrades,' said Ronayne, as he stooped to pick up'.a handful of gravel, which he threw up at a window in the offices overhead. Having listened patiently for a moment or two, and finding no result to this somewhat pri mitive mode of communication, he picked up another and flung it with rather more force, In fact it rattled a little too loudly against the glass for Robert Emmet's sense of what was correct. It, however, seemed to have awoken a response over head ; for presently a window was thrown up and a head appeared thereat. Also a voice, which Baid, sleepily — ' Who the devil are you ? and what do you want ?' Dick could not help laughing a little to himself at the direct, straightford nature of this uninviting query ; and, after a pause, said — 'It is I, Tim.' ?'An' who is I?' asked the speaker, in rome what haughty arrogance. ' Why don't you speak out, an' don't be keeping me here in the cold.' 'Dick Ronayne, Tim ; and a friend. We're wet — we're tired. Come down and let us in !' 'Dick Ronayne !' said the voice above in al iwer tone and in a good deal of surprise. ' An' what die ' dhoul' brings you here at this hour of the night, Master Dick ?' ?? Oh don't bother asking questions, Tim. We're cold and we're thirsty. Come down, and let us in. You'll hear all then.' 'Faixan' maybe it's the best thing I can do,' said the voice above, whilst the head to which the eoice belonged withdrew itself from the window, ?'But it's a quare hour for anybody t' be kumin' ronnd the Coach and Horses. 1 wonder wot's up ! ' His wonder, however, did not delay lm dress ing himself and hurrying down to meet his friends. He was soon standing in his shirt sleeves beside them, ' Have you the keys, Tim ? ' asked Dick. ' Yes , to be sure I have.' ' Then for the sake of all the saints belonging to you, Tim — if there be any — take us into the kitchen. We are as wet an two sea wolves and as thirsty.' Tim bad not much acquaintance with sea wolves, if any such things there be in existence, but he pretty well understood the condition and wishes of the two young gentlemen as well as if he had. So he led the way into the kitchen ; stirred up the heavy turf fire which was smouldering in the centre of the huge fireplaca ; thrust a splinter ol! resinous bog deal into it ; lit a ' mould' candle ; and then turned to Burvey the two disturbers of his night's sleep. ' What the dhoul— the saints forgive me for sayin' such a name at this hour of the night ! — what the dhoul brings you here, Master Dick, or what's kumin' over ye at all, at all ?' 'D'ye see these boots, Tim? They're wet. D'ye see these stockings, Tim ? They're wet, too — ringing wet,' said Dick, pointing to these articles of wearing apparel, which indeed answered cor rectly to his description of them. ' Is this a time for talking? Stir up that tire till it blazes. Have you any champagne ? Of course, you have?' ?? The best,' said Tim. ' Very well. Bring a bottle. And the very best, Tim. Have you any whisky ?' '?The best,' .said Tim, again laconically, ard somewhat wonderingly. ' Bring a measure of that, too. They do not go well together usually— but this is not a usual occa sion. That's right, Tim ; that fire will do. I Bhall take off my stockings, and you do what you're told.' At this authoritative command, delivered in a pleasant, good-humoured way, the hostler took him self oil smiling. Whilst Dick Ronayne and Robert Emmet addressed themselves to the drying of their stockings and shoes on the warm hearth. Two large grates of ' sea-coal,' as it wa?. then called, stood at either end of the huge fireplace. These were out ; but on the hearth itself, between them, lay the smouldering turf fire so acceptable to country folk coming to town. This brightened up rapidly on the application of a few logs, the hearth stones (surrounding were warm so drawing over their chairs the two night-farers were soon as comfortably located as they could desire. Nor were they less so when presently Tim returned with a bottle of champagne, fished up from some secret recess of the y'oach and Horses, and a measure of ?' Usque-baugh.' ?' That came in by way oi Bullock, I suppose, Tim,' said Dick, as the waiter placed a little table between them and poured out the sparkling liquor, ' 1 erra, Master Dick,' said Tim. ' What 'ud be the use of givin' the Custom House people too much to do ? The poor fellowB aren't half paid for wot they do do.' ?? True enough, Tim. There's nothing like having regard to one's fellow-creatures. That's what I call true compassion — getting this across without giving them any trouble.' ?? Where'd be the good ?'' was Tim's answer, ?? That little harbour of Bullock is one of the most convenient and obliging harbours in the world, Emmet, Talk of Breast or 'Jadiz or Hamburg, why Bullock, or an emergency, is worth the whole of them. Who is staying here, Tim ?' ' A. few, sir. Oh, now I remember — there's one here that you'd be glad to see and that I think 'ud he be glad to see you,' said Tim significantly, after a moment't thought. ?? i'hat would be glad to see me ! Tare and ages, Tim, as we say in the country, who is it r' Tim stooped down and whispered something in his ear. Dick started. ' Holt !' he ejected aloud. ?' No !' ?? Aye, faith, Master Dick ; came this evening. Said he'd stop here sooner than go into the city.' ' Well, Tim, this is certainly a surprise. Though I can't say that I am not pleased with it. He does not travel under his own name, does he r' 'Catch, a weasel atlejp,' *aid with a grin. ' Catch him so soft as tnat. . Not he, faith.' *' 1 say, Tim,' said Ronayne after a pause, ' do you think it wonid be intruding too much if you were to wake him up and tell him I am here.' ' Faith, I dunno — L would like to ' — said Tim, hesitatingly, as he gave a glance at Emmet, whom he hadn't see before, and did not know. ' Oh, that's all right, Tim,' said Dick, seeing his hesitancy ; ' there are none here but friends— be assured of that. It may save him some time and trouble if he comes now. Why he can. sleep all day for the matter of that. What's to prevent him ?' With which assurance, Tim rather reluctantly departed on his message ; and the two young men warmed their feet on the hot heath-stones, and enjoyed their refreshments. '?? This is the General Holt so celebrated in '9S, I presume.,' said Emmet. ''The Wicklowman :' ' The same- You have never met him ? ' 'No ; but I shall be glad to meet lam now. The terrors of that year have not damped his ardour iu the cause ?' ?' Not it,' said Dick. ' Thatis one of the reasons I took the liberty for sending for him at this unseemly hour, i partly guessed you had not met him, and wanted you to meet him. Daunted in deed ! Wait until you see him. Why he never was half so enthusiastic as he is at present. And what he is, all the leaders in the other countries are.' 'I was told the '98 had taken the heart out of the people,' said Emmet. 'lhat another gene ration should grow up before fresh hopes could arise.' ^ 'That is a mistake,' said Dick. 'That year was only a preparation lor the time to come — a training in of the people as it were — a breaking them into warfare and rhe use of arms. A very neceaFary thing. Do you know what Lecointre told me once ?' 'No.' ' Well, he told me, as an instance of the value of accustoming men to arms, that on the frontiers of France along the line of the Vosges, the Jura, and the Nord, which have been, generation after gene ration, trampled upon by hostile armies and made the cockpit between France and her foes, and where if anywhere they should learn to dread the horrors of war— there France finds her readiest and most willing soldiers. Whilst in the departments in che south-west, where they have never seen a hostile soldier, they all dread war — dread even the very idea of it. Isn't that very curious ?' 'The old adage again, I suppose,' said Emmet ; '?familiarity breeds contempt,' '?I suppose so. People grow to love danger, as sailors love the tossing sea. But this General Holt ? ' ' Yes.' ' If we had time to listen to him — to harken at ease to his stories— you would say his career, during and after that time among the Wicklow Hills, was about as romantic as ever your heard. As ro mantic as anything you ever heard in the French armies.' ' There is not much romance there,' said Emmet. ' There is not much room for it, where armies meet end men fight in huge colums. In an isolated charge of cavalry there may be room for chivalry, gallantry, and romance, but not elsewhere. Bub I fancy your friend is coming. I hear muffled steps outside.' And he had no sooner spoken than the door quietly opened and a form entered. A lithe and vigorous form it was that presented itself. Considerably over middle height, light of limb, narrow of waist, but broad of chest and wide of shoulders, he seemed as he stepped lightly into the kitchen the very type and build of an athletic man— vigorous, strong, powerful. The curly hair that grew around his face from ear to ear, and the short, close, bushy curls that surmounted his lore head, not a little contributed also to this feeling. He was in his shirt-sleeves and stocking -feet, hav ing indeed only just tumbled out of bed. '?Well, my bold mountaineer ! ' said Dick, as he turned his head and saw him. ' Will you close the door behind you and sit down with us ! I had no idea I should have the pleasure of seeing you to night.' 'Dick aroon,' said Holt in the same off-hand bantering style, ' who could have thought of seeing you this wild winter's night at the Coach and Horses ? Isthere anything up ? — anything amiss?' ' No, nothing — nothing worth while, that is. PuU over a chair and take an air of the fire. It's the least we can offer you after hauling you out of bed. And here's some champagne — never paid duty to King George, bo you needn't scruple. to drink ! Whisky, too— prime old Usquebaugh, made in your own beloved mountains for anything I know. Now then, fill or mix for yourself.' ' ' You seem to have fine notions of comfort, Dick. I wish I was a banker. I wish my uncle was a banker in Dublin.' Holt sighed in a mock fashion, and filled his tumbler. ' Yes, it isn't too bad. But it wouldh.ave been a great deal better if you fellows down in Wicklow and Wexford had burnt our notes in place of the Bank of Ireland's during the Rebellion. It was very unkind to your friends — don't you think?' 'Did we do that?' 'Yes, of course you did. Everyone says so in Dublin.' ' Who is everyone ?' ' Why the citizens generally.' 'I didn't think we were so simple. Did you never hear the story they tell of Ross r' 'Perhaps I did. I can't say until I hear it. Fill your glass first — again, I mean. Well, what was it ?' ' When our fellows were storming the three bullet gate one of them, as they say, stuck his hat in the mouth of a cannon and shouted to the others, ? Come on boys, she's stopped.' They tell that as an indication of how ignorant and stupid we were.' ' I never heard that before.' ' Well, if you ever hear it again, Dick, tell them we had wit enough to beat down their smoking cannon and shining swords with our rough pikes, and send their gorgeous uniforms retreating in hot haste across the bridge over the Barrow. Wi.l you oblige me by telling them that?' ?? I will not, general — nothing at all of the kind. But you are getting sarcastic, and the mood does not suit you. Do you know why I sent for you?' 'No.' ' Well I want to introduce you to a gentleman, a iriend of mine, and, what is more, a friend of the cause. Recently come from France, too. Mr, Robert Emmet.' ' A good name in the '96.' ' Brother of his. Robert Emmet— General Holt. And now that I have introduced you, I wish you to fill your glasses and drink to our — I won't call it a merry meeting, but — to our meeting anyway.' 'Where have you been that you are so wet ?' asked Holt, as they filled their glasseB and emptied them. ' Have you come in from the sea ? Have you been a drowning— or what ?' ' Well, very nearly. And then straight ofi Dick Ronayne proceeded to put him in possession of the events of the past evening. ''Lecointre!' crisd he in surpiise. 'Why, man, I was coming to see him !' ' You were ?' 'Yes, I certainly.' 'And how did you know he was in Dublin ?'' asked Ronayne, inarvelline: how the news could have leaked out ; and for the moment exceedingly disconcerted thereat. ?' Know ! Why should I not? Why, my dear fellow, there were sharp eyes enough on the Wick low coast to see the Dutoh- built brig beating up the Channel, and quick-yawls to follow her up and find where she went. Then I knew Pierre was aboard her.' ' Oh, that, indeed,' said Dick, much reassured. ' I wish we knew he was safe now, poor fellow.' ' Oh. trust him for that,' said Holt comfidently. ' If a small matter like that affected him, Pierre would be filling a half-dozen— half-dozen ! half score, full score— of gruves by this time. Did you ever know how I met him first?' 'Faith, I wasn't aware you even knew him,' said Dick. 'It's the first time I heard of it.' ' Pooh, I know him these three years—four years for the matter of that.' ' Well go on and tell the story. But end it be fore ray stockings are dry, for I must be at business in the morning and shall want to get some sleep. Therefore, I must get home. Go on.' ♦'All right,' said Holt. ' This is how it was then'— GENERAL HOLT'S STORY. ' You mast know that before May, in the year of the Troubles, we were expected then, as we are now, French help. It did not come, because the ? Directory thought Egypt a better object than Ire land, and Bonaparte was not his own master then as he is now. * Well, we were expecting them at v any rate, and they were not coming. They were lining the coast of France from Dieppe to Dunkirk with their cannon and artillery, their swordsmen . and their infantry. The land was white for miles upon miles with their tents ; and their flat-bottomed boats for embarking and disembarking were thick on the sea for a score of miles either side of Bou logne. Everything was in readiness for a descent upon the coasts of England itself, and, of course, upon Ireland. But they were not coming for all ? that — not even a regiment had been embarked. . ? They were practising at embarking and disembark ing all day long and every day, but that's all that came of it. Thsy lost, by the way, more soldiers -'. and horses and cannon by that constant practising than would have formed a fair enough division to send to Ireland. They did not seem to care a rap . for men's lives, nor for military stores,' at the time — nor, to tell the truth, did the men or officers seem to care a hang for their own. But, as I said before, they were not coming, and no one knew why. /??' ' I was sitting one fine day in March on the side of the Crochan Hill, with a telescope in my handa, ? looking over — Heaven help me ! — the broad breast of the Irish Sea, and expecting any moment to see the white sails of their fleet emerging from the horizon. So anxious was I, and so earnest my gaze, that at one time I could have aw orn I saw the vessels covering miles of the clouded rim of the sea ; and was settling myself to have a steadier look at them — when I felt a hand laid on my ?shoulder! I turned round. It was the last I should have expected to see in Wicklow at all, but on the side of Crochan it seemed a miracle— Sam '?;'. Neilson. ' 'Is it you that's in it at all,' said I, 'or is it ? your ghost? or what brought you here ?' ; .'' I dunno . whether it's myself or my ghost,' ?'I said Neilson ; ' but anyways it's a troubled spirit that's been seekin' you. Put up that blessed tele scope; they've not stirred out of their tents yet, nor are they likely to do so as far as I or anyone else ^an see.' ' ' You knew what I was at then ?' said I. ?'' ? I didn't want to bp a spirit to know that,' said he ; 'give it up. It's no use. It's waste time.' j 'I closed it up, and turned round to speak to him.' Though it was March, it was a lovely warm day. It had all the softness of the April time eom ? bined with the heat of June. What breeze there was came fresh and soft from the south. So I took out my pipe, took out also the tinder and flint, struck ' a light and kindled. There was no use hurrying; I did it all leisurely ; and when I was '?'. in fullblast I said to him — ;'.' What brings you here?' ' 'To see you,' said he. .'??♦ How did you find me out ?' ' ' Why,' said he, ' since the mail left me below at the cross roads of Ballinglen, at eight o'clock this 1 blessed morning. I have been looking for you. I have ridden miles upon miles, from one house to another, according as I was directed, without hear ing of you. At last a herdsman driving sheep from the hill into Arklow, being questioned by the neighbours, told where he had seen you — and here I am ! Miles upon miles I have travelled searching for you, and at last here I am !' ' ? Well, Sam,' said I, ' it's little walking you get in Dublin, so this day's marching and counter marching will do you all the good in the world. Now that you are here, what do you want with me '?' ? ''To go to France,' said he. ' ? Me !' said I. -' 'Yes, you,' said he, 'not a snul else ' ?V V-.' 'I that can't speak a work of French ! And that haven't been farther than Dublin in all my life 1 — and not a dozen times even there !' ' 'It don't matter if you couldn't say boo to a gooBe in Irish, or if you were never farther than the boreen at the back of your house — go you must, said Neilson- ' I came to tell you so.' ' ' And when am I to go ?' said I. ' ' Ab soon as you get three or four trusty fellows at Arklow yonder to ship the tiller and hoist the sails. It's 13 straight run down the Channel — and another straight run from Carnsore to Breast. These fellows know it full as well as they know the way across the Ferrybank bridge ?' . ' ' And when I get to Brest what am I to do ? ' asked I, supposing I ever get there at all ?' ? '? 'Nothing ? ' ' ? That's easy enough done.' said I. ' Couldn't I stop at home and do that ? ' ''I mean nothing,' said he, 'but see, Tone, You did not give me time to speak.' , '' Where'lllfindhimr' said I. ?'Fourteen Rue la Paix,' said he, « Quai L'Bretagne. Will you remember that ?' . ..;.- '! ' Yes, I think so,' said I. ? Is that all ?' ' - That's all,' said Neilson. ''But amn't I to say something ?' I asked. * Is there no message, or nothing ? What am I to say ?' ' ' Say ! Say whatever comes into you head ! Say, What the devil are the Directory and General Bonaparte about. Perdition to the whole French nation ! where are the troops that were, promised us, where the artillery, where the powder and mu Bkets ! Say that and forty times as much. Say w\vsvtever comes in your head, for whatever is in you* head is in the heads of all of us. But bring back Tone's answer swift and straight. Tell him we are waiting on him, and can't wait much longer.' ' ? I see,' said I. That's all ?' ' ' That's all,' said Neilson. « Isn't that enou ? What's the, need of more ?' ?'- No need at all;' said I, 'I suppose yo£'d like something to eat ?' ' « And to drink, too,' said he. ? The confounded hills would take a goat to climb.' ''Say no more about it,' said I, 'but come along.' So I proceeded to descend the hill, the telescope carried like a musket over my shou'der. ' 'Thank God !' said he, it's 'easier to crawl down than climb up. That's one comfort about these infernal hills.' ' ' At the base of Crochran mountain lived Phil lunsellagh, a strong farmer — and a hospitable. There we had as good a dinner of ham and chicken as ever astonished a native of the Black North, and two or three strong tumblers of whicky punch that would make even a Belfast man grow mellow and good-hearted. When we had finished, Phil pro vided us with a trap. ' 'Will you come into Arlow with me, Sam?' said I. ?' 'No, I won't,' said Neilson. ? What would I be doing there? Let me down at Ballinglen, or rather at the cross roads of Killeigh. You have your instructions and know what to do.' ' ' Felix,' said Phil Kinsellagh to his man, ? you can put up the horse and trap at Randy Cooper's in the Main street. I'll be in Arklow in a day or two, and will take them home.' ' To make a long story short, I dropped Neilson at the cross-roads or Killeigh, drove into Arklow, and at midnight had the lights of Courtown Har bour abeam. The morning saw us off Oarnsore Point, and the night saw us on the same meridian, along way out of eight of land, and miles and miles beyond British wrters. When night fell we turned our helm and set our sails directly east — in the direction of Brest. We were a couple of days and nights beating up for the French coast, but curiously, enough during that time we saw neither sight nor light of English or French man of- war frigate or even cruiser. ' We beat about for some time when we came near the Raz— waiting for the flow of the tide to carry up past that dangerous strait. It was there, if your remember, the man-of-war Seduiaant with the regiment of the 9itb Voltigeurs were lost in Hoche's expedition, iust immediately afier leaving Brest, on their way to Ireland in the '96.' (To be Gontinued.) 