MR. WÂJKEWS SUNDAY LECTURES. TO THE EDITOR. SIB,- As a Secularist of many years standing, and having been intimately associated with the societies propagat- ing freethought, I naturally take a keen interest in these^ lectures, and endeavor to play my opn part in sup- porting the lecturer hy my attendance, and in any Other way so far as my means and my capabilities will permit. I have attended most of the lectures, and from observation have come to the conclusion that he is not fairly sup- ported by the resident Freethinkers. A few mouths ago the Mental Liberty League was formed, somewhat with a flourish of trumpets, and I anticipated an active organisation, showing a de- cided improvement, especially as the lectures were to be delivered in the the Institute Hall, every Way conducive to better results. Little or nothing has so far been done, and I believe be- yond forming the League, and obtain- ing a few names and subscriptions, it has done nothing, and is as dead as i Caesar's ghost. Residing here, TE was j unfortunately precluded from taking any active part either in its inception work. Last Sunday, in the absence of Mr. Osborne through illness, I atten ded to the admissions at the door, and was very much surprised and disgusted at the very meagre support given, as evidenced by the takings. I received £3 14s., out of which was paid for rent of hall, piano, singers, and music £3 7s. 6d., leaving the magnificent sum of 5s. 6d. with which to pay for the ad- vertisements (which cost 10s.) and to compensate Mr. Walker for the time and trouble given to prepare and de- liver what was a very able and con- vincing lecture-a result at once dis- heartening and unfair. The League was, I understood, to prevent loss to him. Can nothing be done to make matters not quite so one-sided? Do not the Freethinkers., here appreciate these lecture? I rppeal to them. Cannot we all agree to pay. say, ls. for admittance. This would help very mush ; and then other means might be considered.-Yours. AGNOSTIC. Fremantle, August 21. 