Literary. PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. "From Seven Dials," by Edith Osthere (Duckworth and Co.). —As may be conjec-<*> tured from the title, "From Seven Dials" is a book about the East End of London, some- thing after the style of Arthur Morrison's " Tales of Mean Streets." But Miss Osthere has dug even deeper into the lower strata of London life than Arthur Morrison, and her creations never rise above the level of cos tennongers and their lady loves. There are seven stories in the hook altogether, the con versation in which is all in the dialogue pe culiar to the species which live in the Bast End. Most of *them sound a pathetic note, but the Irrepressible humour of the coater class is evidenced in many ways. The people who live in slums and down courts seem always *ble and ready to appreciate the coarse sallies of their companions no matter what the surrounding circumstances are, and Miss Osthere bas caught and dis played that trait most successfully. Of the stories " Pimples" is an excellent sketch of the type made famous by Rudyard Kip ling's Badalla Herodsfoot. The undaunted coster girl who flaunts her contempt in the face of constituted authority la the same whether she " cheeks" a magistrate as Pim ples does or dances on a discarded lover's winkle barrow as did Badalia. " Pimples," too, has the merit of being the most humor ous of the collection. In the others there are wife-beatings, drunkenness, and death, with hardly a relief to the general gloom. Even " 'Ayer up !" a picture of the typical London 'bus-driver, who is hail fellow well met with everybody on his line, is saddened by the death of his old mother, about the state of whose health everybody inquires. The whole set of stories and sketches por trays well the hopeless, sordid life which the lower classes lead, a life only blighted in the ease of Londoners by the trips to Hamp stead Heath and by visits to the public houses. Miss Osthere most decidedly knows her subject, and the studies of her types are all convincing. No one can fail to appre ciate the cleverness of her methods of hand ling, and even although her creations are only known by repute to dwellers in Aus tralia, her book is fully deserving of close attention and a large amount of popularity. " Children. Racehorsea, and Ghosts," by E. H. Cooper (Duckworth and Co.).—The prac tice of collecting any author's fugitive tales and sketches, scattered through the pages of ephemeral magazines and daily papers, into a single volume under a title which may or may not have anything to do with the ma jority of the subjects written about, is not altogether an unmixed blesaiug. A story or sketch may be fully appreciated when read between a political article and an account of the latest discovery in science, but when such a story is taken out of its place and set along side a dosen or more stories in exactly the name 6tyle the result Is sometimes unsatis fying. Mr. Cooper has put together between the same covers stories which originally ap peared in such widely different papers as " The Queen" and the " Sunday Sun,*' and it may be imagined that though he tells his stories in the same way in both papers, still the stories themselves have hardly the same motive or tendency. The author confesses to the public generally through the pages of " Who's Who" that his chief recreations are horse-racing and gambling at Monte Carlo, so that it is not a matter of surprise that one or two of bis strongest stories have either one or the other of bis hobbies as the pivot of their plot. It must not be supposed that the book Is unsatisfactory. Taken out of the book and read separately, quite'a number of the stories are of a high order of merit. It Hi only when the book Is read straight .through that the similarity in style becomes noticeable. Mr. Cooper has • chosen widely diverse scenes for his'settings, going from the materialistic greed of Monte Carlo gam bling to the middle class idea of spending a holiday at " Tadmor in the Wilderness : Tha New Winter Health Resort," And from tbo Swiss Alp« to the meaner streets of London. This collection forms a readable book pro vided one expects nothing beyond a high average talent for telling a story well and convincingly, with a natui^l facility for sketching in his backgrounds with a touch that shows a good grasp of men. women, and things. 11 Modern England Under Queen Victoria," by Justin OfCarthy, M.k (T. Fisher Un win : " Story of the Nations Series"). —Fol- lowing the lines laid down in his previous volume (the fiftieth of the series), " Modern England Before the Reform Bill," the bril liant author of " A History of Our Own Times " has avoided a detailed account of the rise and fall of Ministries and their policies, and the record qf brilliant military cam paigns, to choose instead a history of the great social and political reforms and de velopments which have marked the present reign. Thus it is that only a few of the Queen's prime Ministers are more than cursorily mentioned, and the Crimea and the Indian Mutiny are disposed of in a dozen pages. In place of these, prominence is given, for example, to " The Foundation of the Canadian Dominion," while treating of which the author finds occasion to discuss Australian federation, to the history of the Chartist movement in the early years of (he reign, and to the Irish National movement and its leaders, Daniel . O'Connell, Smith O'Brien, and his colleagues. Mr. M'Cartby, where he has had to touch politics closely, has taken the prominent man of the epoch- Disraeli in one case, Gladstone in another, and excised that portion of hiß biography which treats of the subject he Is dealing with. Unfortunately this lays him open to the temptation of relating anecdotes—a tempta'tion to which he succumbs somewhat too often. Nevertheless, his book, though rather padded In this way, shows on the whole a clear, concise grasp of his period, and a successful completion of the task he set himself to do. With a period so fraught with advances in almost every branch of life, it is not to be expected that any one evidence of progress could be treated at length, but Mr. M'Carthy has succeeded in giving the heads of most movements in his usual lucid, logical way. The result is that hi* book, provided tb»t It is not accepted as a history, will prove of much use to the student, and of great Interest to the general reader desirous of gaining some idea of the evolution of Sngtend's greatness. "The King of the Mountains," by Ed mund 'About fWUHatn 'Hldhi««mnn).—Toe " E*ghteenr>eiiny" series wbtoh 'Mr. Heine mann Is at present issuing seems to l>3 growing, judging by the rapidly lengthening IWt of book* in the bright red covers. "The King of the Mountains" Is an exciting story of brigands and their wwjns in Greece during the earlier part of the present century. The story loses something from the fact that H is a translation, a process which, always, or nearly always, renders any style laboured ana mechanical, V>ut there are sufficient exciting incidents in- the sojourn which the young German scientist, who is the hero, makes with Hadji Btaow, the chief of the brigands, to make an Interest ing novel of action. The book is readable, and although now and then the author lapses into misplaced pleasantries and ele phantine attempts at humour. It has an attraction which few readers wttl be able to withstand. " Daughters of Men," toy. Hannah Lynch (William Heinemann).— Curiously enough the next book to " The King of the Moun tains" is another study of Greek life, but Hiss Lynch bus confined 'herself to the social side of the history of Athens at the present day. Her book Is the story of a young man, Rvfdolf Caremstetn, woo has (been brought up under the "aheKered nome" theory, and who, after We death of his mother, begins to learn what the world really means. It Is not altogether an at tractive story. RudoW reverentially wor ships a planiste with absolutely no morale. Then he flies off at a tangent to fall in love with two or three girts of different tempera- 1 ments, goes (back to his musician to love her 1 because she is a woman and not an atttst, and finally ends up by marrying a girl he does not care for, and lives more or less unhappily for the rest of his life. Apart from this, however, the book draws several excellent pictures of the way things are done in the Athens of to-day. 