AN EARTHLY PARADISE. Payneham, West Marden, and Aldgate Everyone knows the handsome establish ment of Mr. Henry Sewell, nurseryman and florist, at tlie junction of King' Wil- liam and Rundle streets, Adelaide, but everyone has not had the opportunity of visiting his beautiful and extensive gardens at Payneham, which are veritably an 'Earthly Paradise,' or his still more wide spreading nurseries at West Marden and Aldgate. The area at Payneham, which is almost immediately opposite the tram terminus is about 5 acres in extent, and it was first planted about a quarter of a century ago. No great care has been taken by Mr Sewell in respect to soil, fertilisers, and arrangement, while the elimination of unsuccessful or unattractive growths lias been so assiduously attended to that the enclosure with its wealth of trees, shrubs, flowers, has become one of the most beau tiful 'show places' near the metropolis. It is always open to the inspection of the public, who may wander at will along its walks and through its countless shade so long as they are content with the satisfaction of eye or nostril, for naturally the indiscriminate picking of blooms or foliage is not per mitted. Mr Sewell, however, has no com plaint to make on this score, for his gene rosity in permitting visitors to freely enjoy the loveliness of his domain is seldom pre sumed upon, and the beds of ferns, palms, flowers, and other tempting triumphs or the art of the horticulturist are always in excellent order. Wherever possible the denizens of the nursery are encouraged to grow outside, and quite wonderful results have been achieved in this way. South Australians, and especially the residents of the city and larger towns, are noted for their love of plants and flowers, but it is not all of them who can afford to erect shade frames, while few can go in for the luxury of a conservatory or a hothouse. -In catering for the wants of the general public, therefore, it is indispensable that as inany hardy growths as possible shall be propagated and developed. Mr Sewell has made a specialty of this department of his business, and he is now able to offer for sale hundreds of varieties of trees, ferns, and flowers which can stand exposure in ordinary gardens or in the most primitive of shade house. Of course he deals largely in the cheaper and more delicate varieties also, and quite a large proportion of the Payneham nursery is covered by shade-houses, stove-houses, or conservatories, the orchid house alone containing rare and curious plants which at cost price are worth £1,200. The large and handsome residence occu pied by Mr Sewell covers half of the frontage to the Payneham-road, and its ornate and comfortable appearance is an evidence, both of the proprietor's artistic, taste and his utilitarianism, attributes which ought to have about equal weight with a nurseryman anxious to meet the general demand for profitable trees and seedlings, aswell as the desire for botani cal beauties and novelties. From the look out on the roof of the mansion a most com prehensive view of hill and plain and sea can be obtained, but the brightest and most lovely spot in the whole prospect is that mapped out right beneath the eye, for everything at Payneham is kept as trim and as neat as in a public garden, while there are always brilliant blossoms to be adimired; Some of the more noticeable features of the outside garden may be men tioned before' the shade-houses are taken in detail. For instance, opposite the en trance of the conservatory is an Ameri can wine palm, between 8 ft. and 10 ft. high, which is; growing splendidly out in the open air, although previously to the trial of this successful experiment it had always been treated in Australia as a stove-house plant. Close by, climbing round one of the chimneys, is a lovely specimen of the Big nonia chierere, whose lovely red blooms, which cover it almost continuously, make it the handsomest of all its lovely tribe. Near the residence is a well-grown Abyssinian banana, which seems to flourish as well in its exposed position as though it were molly- coddled within, and the same may be said of the magnificent fan-leafed palm (Chamerops humilis nana) which inter venes between the gate and the front door. Protected from the wind by a slender house of bamboo canes, is a splendid mem ber of the 'Kentia Forsteriana' family, which is a native of Lord Howe Island, but which seems equally at home in Ade laide. This particular palm, which until it grew too large was on hundreds of occasions sent out for decorative purposes, is now fully 12 ft. high, while the stretch of its fronds covers on equally wide area. In its day, too, it has won many prizes at horticultural exhibitions, but it is now definitely at rest, although it has not yet stopped growing. The Scampston weeping elm, which is flourishing a few yards away, is also most healthy- looking, and its branches now droop right to the ground. A weeping ash, which is the only one on the plains, is 13 ft. high to the first branch, but the foliage is rapidly bending earthwards, and it will soon form a living umbrella. This tree is now about ten years old. Aluch in terest attaches to a little lake full of Papyrus, the reed-like plant which. blocks . tlie African -lakes and rivers, making navi gation so slow-and tedious. _Iu its native Egypt this reaches a height 'of 15 ft., but in the less congenial climate of Adelaide it seldom gets beyond a third of that altitude. Also near the house, and growing without any special protection, is a 'Monsterin deli ciosa,*' or Indian fruit palm, which has its original habitat in Mexico and the West Indies, but which seems quite at home in its present situation. It bears a magnificent white bloom at least 1 ft. long, the fruit growing in the centre, somewhat after the shape of long and straight banana. Till recently this palm was treated as a stove plant, but Mr Sewell tried it first in the shade-house, and afterwards ''outside, with complete suc cess. The flavour of the fruit, many of which have ripened at Payneham, is de scribed as being between that of pineapple and a banana. The first Pritchardia palm grown outside in Australia is at Payneham, and it has attained a height of 16 ft., while the trunk is quite 4 ft. in diameter. It has now been in its present location for 16 years, and it was turned out of the shade-house when it grew too big to be longer retained inside. Right opposite the main path is a well-developed mass of Bougainvillea glabra, whose rich purple blooms, appearing even more numerous than leaves, are thickly present for the whole circuit of the year. A quaint fruit close by is the Japanese persimmons, the product being about the size, hue, and shape of an orange, but with a deep scarlet tint in the color. Aviaries abound throughout the garden, and the constant sounds of many birds fall on the ear. There is a favourite monkey, too, in one of the cages, while parrots, canaries, laughing jacks, seagulls, ducks, Japanese and Indian pheasants, and other feathered creatures abound. In the pools where the water plants grow, too, there are myriads of fish, which, because of long immunity from harm, have grown most impudent in their attitude towards the visitor. The main rosary, which is looked upon by Mr Sewell with special pride, con tains between 500 and 600 different kinds of that favourite flower. The standard roses are at West Marden, all the sale stock at Payneham being on their own roots. The Crimson Rambler, a fine climb ing rose, which is now becoming fashion able, is pointed out as a particularly pretty specimen of its class, and there is a bed of the charming Cecile Brunner rose, which has been planted out for button hole work, tens of thousands of buds be ing cut from it each season. Recently Mr. Sewell has added to his list 150 of the latest novelties in roses from Europe, and all the well-established favorites are also present. Tlie new roses for the coming season include standards of all colors, every one being very rich in hue. A bed of new tea roses gives a wide area of se lection. Mr Sewell asserts that the South Australian market is better supplied with ornamental and fruit trees than any other country in the world, propor tionately to its age and population. He, himself, has ten times as many plants to select from now as he had when the nursery was first planted. Near the rosary, is a clump of exceedingly attractive varie gated pampas grass, while the useful rubs shoulders with the purely ornamental and large beds of seedling apricots and pears, as well as of onions, cabbages, lettuces, and such like esculents, also assert themselves, and a large quantity of vegetable plants are grown for sale during the early winter months. A new variety of cucumber just planted (Hample's Improved Frame,' by title), has been a great success, for though no special wire has been bestowed upon the vine it has proved wonderfully pro lific, over 101 large cucumbers being ob tained from each plant. There is a large collection of chrysanthemums of all colors, although 150 sorts have recently been dis carded to make room for new varieties, of which Mr. Sewell has 300 still. Only the really new ones are kept, and these pro vide a blaze of bloom, which seems to il luminate the whole garden. The system of watering throughout is by means of 'Danks's spray,' whence the water falls like rain, being distributed by a circular motion all over the beds, each of which has a 'separate service. A finely-grown hedge is shown at the extremity of the garden. It is formed of the carob tree, or St. -John's Bread, the botanical alias being Ceratonia siliqua. It forms, a wonderfully close, compact, and verdant wall, and;' makes an excellent breakwind, while it has the advantage of being unaffected by sun, heat, or drought, and ' can be clipped to any extent. It is not expensive to plant, as the trees cost but 8s. a dozen, and they are put in 6 ft. apart, so that the cost per foot is but l d. This particular hedge, which has only been growing for three years, is 5 ft. high and 3 ft. thick from top to bottom, and it presents a very at tractive appearance. Another hedge plant to be seen to advantage here is the 'Wil- lemetia,' which is a grand hedge to use in small places, as it is the quickest to grow, and when regularly trimmed is cx exceedingly pretty. Cannas are a special ty of the Payneham nursery, and 70 kinds of all colors are growing in a rainbow-like cluster. The rains which have fallen recently have everywhere; freshened up the garden, and they have also put farmers and gardeners, both amateur and professional, in better heart to plant, so that special preparations are being made by Mr Sewell for meeting-, a large and vigorous demand on his stock... The beds in which the out-door plants art shown are all long parallelograms, sur rounded with neat cement borders, and their chief attractions are cannas, zonale pelargoniums, new and old roses of the most favorite sorts, palms, single and double tubei' roses, which are now a mass of scent and bloom, cordylines, chrysanthe mums, carnations, all sorts and des criptions of herbs, and every class oi vegetable -plant. Then between the flower garden proper and the shade houses are bulbs, such as amaryllis, crinums, iris; jonquils, hyacinth,:. nennes, heiuero callis, or Day lilies. There are also all varieties of lantaua, winch is the hardiest flowering shrub in existence in ' these lati tudes, tlie blossoms being of all colors, from the brightest scarlet to the purest white. Right alongside one of the shade houses is a row of the Calla Ethiopica, or Lily of the Nile, backed tip by a line of winter roses. No inch of space has been wasted, and it would be absolutely im possible to particularise all the excellent examples of the horticulturist's art, which are here to be wondered at or admired. Air. Sewell takes great pride in his water plants, the finest of which, are grown in 10 cemunt pits, 4 ft. deep_, by about the same superficial area, within a wire- netted enclosure, although some of them are in similar pits outside, while others occupy spaces in the stove houses. . Among tiie aquatic varieties are that bright blue star, . known as Nymphia stellata, the lovely red flowering Nymphia devoniensis, as * well as N. Alba, a white flower, N-. Flava, with most handsome yellow blooms, and N'. Odorata, a beautiful-seen teil white bloom. The purple or violet water hyacinth, the yellow water poppy, and . the:Nelmnbium in pink or yellow are also.' here. As pre viously stated, the shade frames are filled with all manner of shrubs, flowers, trees, and hedge plants, all of which are in pots. Some, idea of the extent of the business done may be gathered from the fact that 200,000 flower pots are used each year, and that 1,000,000 gallons of water are paid for. In one stack now on the ground there are 15,000 pots, while thousands more are in the store-room. To relieve the pressure at Payneham 10.5 acres at West Marden, two minutes' walk away, was made available for planting a dozen years ago, and here all fruit trees are propagated, while roses are budded after being rooted at Aldgate. Vines, aspara gus,' rhubarb; and other useful plant's are also raised- at West Marden, 'the specialty, however; -being roses, : of which 10,000 are put 'through each year. The nursery at Aldgate, which contains 10 acres, was es tablished for the cultivation of 'such -plants as cannot be grown successfully on the plains, and by its possession Mr. Sewell practically secures a two-seasons' supply of CIRCULAR DRIVE FOR VISITORS' CARRIAGES. INTERIOR OF SHADE-HOUSE. PART OF CIRCULAR DRIVE. VIEW IN SHADE-HOUSE, LOOKING SOUTH. bird's-eye view of nursery from look-out. flowers, for when the plains are dried up the hills are covered with hlossom. The shade-houses at Payneham are both capacious and plentiful. The largest of them is on the eastern boundary of the estate, and it has a concrete wall on the side next the rising sun with a roof of laths placed about an inch apart. The main shed is 225 ft. long by 36 ft. wide, while it has a wing 60 ft. by 60 ft. on the south-west. The paths are all asphalted, and the beds are all neatly bordered with tiles. In this shed is a general stock of ornamental shrubs aud trees, including those varieties which only reach 1 ft. in height, as well as the 'Wellingtonia gi gantea,' the mammoth tree of California, which attains an altitude of 500 ft. The uprights of the roof are covered with dif ferent varieties of creepers, only one of each being exhibited. Mr. Sewell claims to have the largest nursery in Australia, and altogether he must have 250,000 dif ferent pot plants to choose from, although an attempt to individualise would be hope less. There are 100 fine-looking camel lias, which are so healthy and so tall that they have had to be cut off repeatedly, because they have pushed their way through the roof. Abutilions, in cluding all varieties of Chinese lanterns, are very numerous, and so are the aesthe tic bouvardias, which are much used in floral designs. There are 80 or 90 species of pines or cone-bearing plants, while 60 or 70 different cannas of all colors and shapes are staged, including the latest gla dioli-flowered and orchid-flowered cannas. Pittosporums, for ornamental hedges and breakwinds, are plentiful, while a quaint plant is the golden variety of Moreton Bay fig, which originated Ln the Payne ham Nursery 25 years ago. Also in the fig tribe are to be seen the Ficus elastica, or indiarubber tree of commerce, the Ficus nymphaefolius, or indiarubber tree of Queensland, as well as the Indian and japanese rubber trees. A new Salvia (which as the names of Splendens nana compacta) a member of the sage family, with brilliant scarlet blooms, is one of the most showy in cultivation, and another noveltv is the Wedding iris (Robinsoni), from Lord Howe Island, its color being pure white. Another feature of interest is a huge elk horn fern from Queensland, The Palm House, 75 ft. by 45 ft., com municates with the former shed by a door way in the north-west corner. In this com partment are ferns of all kinds, suitable for the dinner table or the lawn, the total reaching 10,000, while the varieties are more numerous than are anywhere else procurable in the colony. The house is a mass of bright green of most lovely forms. The Kentias are specially handsome, for the table and the conservatory, while other favorite varieties are the Chamae rops, Latanias, Phoenix, Pritchardia, Cory pha, Seaforthia, and the rare Raphis (or cat's tail palm of Japan). This last sends up tail-like suckers, which form elegant clumps. Adjacent to. the palm house, and still on the west, is the planting-out, fuch sia, and asparagus shed, 70 ft. by 18 ft. Here is a collection of 18 sorts of fine well grown Japanese bamboos. There are also 40 varieties of the fuchsias, which are the very best in the market for size and bril liance of color; as well as asparagus for special use in the making of shower bou quets. In the fern shed, 130 ft. x 12 ft., on the southern half of the west side, are several thousands of ferns, including 200 different varieties and species. The fluctua tion of climate is proved by the fact that though for a dozen years after it was erect ed this shed served its purpose excellently, within the last two years the spaces be tween the laths has had to be lessened from 11 in. to f in., because the ferns were being burnt up. Mr. Sewell is trying to ac climatise hardy ferns, and so there are more in the sheds than have ever been seen there before, his object being to prove that they can survive right through the year in an ordinary sbadehouse, instead of under glass. He has succeeded in his en deavor in respect to quite 100 varieties, auu he is always ready to place the fruits of his experience at the disposal of his cus tomers. The overflow of palms find a place in this house. leaving the open sheds we pass to the coleus house (27 ft. x 12 ft.), which is of brick with a glass roof. The various varieties have been rigidly weeded out until only about 40 of the handsomest leaf colorings are left. There are also in this house a fine assortment of cinerarias. In another house close by, and of similar size and construction, are fine specimens of ferns and cyclamens, a dozen large pots of maiden hair, all different, beiug especially worthy of admiration. The most beautiful of these is the Adiantum elegans. Adjacent under a shade frame, is a long bed of ericas, including 60 varieties of Cape heaths, which are not propagated by any one in the colony but Mr. Sewell. They are now in splendid order for planting out through the winter months. They are quite hardy, and need no protection from the weather except when the summer sun is hottest. In the cactus house (35 ft. x 7 ft.) is a very large collection all grouped to gether, and containing among them some exceedingly rare varieties. They differ in shape and color, some being most grotes que, while others are extremely handsome, and the customer has several hundred varieties to choose from, no two in the house being alike. A new shadehouse is now being erected near the fernery, and it lias a length of 70 ft. by a width of 40 ft. Here carnations, fuchsias, bulbous plants, tuberous rooted begonias, and all varieties of pelargoniums are ready for inspection. The asparagus house is 45 ft. x 12 ft., un der glass, and it contains six or seven lovely varieties for floral work, thousands of plants being available. There are also here a large number of begonias. Nothing is wasted in the gar den. A collection is made of all the rakings, sweepings, and trimmings, which are piled into a heap and turned several times during the year before being wetted and burnt, the debris being used' *or fertilising purposes. The Orchid House is a stove house in two compartments, heated by hot-water pipes, having a length of 70 ft. and a width of 18 ft. It is crammed with rich and rare orchids, some of which are extremely valuable. The shelves all round, and the table in the centre are thickly covered with flowers and leaves of 'Cypripedes,'' or 'lady's slippers.' There are 75 varieties, which are obtained direct from all tropical parts of the world, but principally from Singapore and Brazil, their selling price ranging from 2s. 6d. to £20. Mr. Joseph Chamberlain has done much to popularise orchids in England, and he has written several standard books on the subject, which will live as long ass his political reputation. The very latest and most expensive of the Cypripedes is the C. Morgania, which is rare, even in England. It bears two or three flowers on one spike. The Sandro suburbans, a cross between two species, is also parti cularly beautitul, while the 'Rothschil- dianuni' and 'Elliottianum' are both very handsome flowering plants. The for mer has long and twisted sepals, with a pretty pouch, and the latter is somewhat similar. The ''Chamberlainianum' is al most perpetually in flower, another coming out on the same stalk as its predecessor dies off. Strange to say this was on sale in Adelaide before it was known in England. -Another family of which Mr. Sewell has 90 or 100 varieties is the Dendrobium, which comes chiefly from India, though a few hail from tropical Australia. The gorgeous flowers are of all colors, and the prices range from 5s. to 50s. each. The Dendrobium Nobile is the most popular, as it is the easiest to grow, as well as being the most effective of the family, and, best of all, it is not expensive. The plant flowers in pairs or threes from the ripened wood, the colors being mostly rose and violet, all the blooms having two black blotches on the throat. Of the Nobile there are many fine varieties, including the 'ltoseum,' with fine large flowers, the. 'Pendulum,' with drooping blooms, and the 'Elegans,' which are double the size of the other varieties. There are some fine hybrids of varied parentage from the Dendrobium. Among these are the D. Nobile Ainsworthi and the Leechianum, which are more free-flowering and have larger and brighter blooms than the pure bred. The Dendrobium Moschatum has brilliant yellow flowers, and it makes strong growths, 4 ft. long, from eight to ten blossoms being on each raceme. The Thyrsiflorum and the Densiflorum are al so handsome flowering sorts of the Den drobium, 70 or 100 blooms being sometimes on a raceme. Of all orchids, however, the most brilliant are the Cattelyas, ot which Mr. Sewell has from 40 to 50 varie ties, ranging in price from 10s. 6d. to £10 10s. They bear magnificent flowers ol many colors, the most brilliant being in shades of red, orange, yellow, and purple. The flowers are often from 8 in. to 9 in. across, and are extremely beautiful. They come principally from Mexico, and all the best are South Americans, their principal mission being to adorn baskets and shower bouquets. The kinds most worthy of notice are the Cattelya Gigas, which have enonnous flowers, exceedingly brilliant in color; the strongly-scented Dowieana, the most gorgeous of all, with yellow blossoms, having crimson or purple reticulations; and the Mendeli and jNJossiae, both of which' are very fine. Of the Yanda, another family, there are 23 different varieties in stock. V. Suavis bears large racemes of Howers, the individual blooms being from 3 to 4 in. across. The foundation color its white, the petals being spotted with chocolate, violet, or rose. Then there is the V. Tricolor, as well as the V. Lowri, a very rare and beautiful specimen, which has it drooping spike of flowers from 4 ft. to 5 ft. long. A pe culiarity of this is that the first two flowers to open are different in shape and color from those which follow. Other sorts of the Vanda are the Teres, a fine flowering orchid, with very large and hundsome blooms, and the Roxburghi, a new species from Singapore, which has not yet been named or sold, but which bears white flowers. The Pereisteria (Holy Ghost or Dove Orchid) has a long spike of bloom towering up to a height of 4 ft. It is of a pure waxy white, and in the centre of each flower is an exact similitude of the head, eyes, and wings of a white dove. The plant is worshipped in Spain, where it is called El Spirito. The cost of these specimens ranges from 10s. 6d. upwards, according to the growth of the plant. The Cradle Orchid (Anguloa clowesii) in spring sends up very large gold - and - yellow flowers. It derives its name from ihe fact that labellum swings to aud fro con tinuously. The cost of this ranges from 15s. upwards. Mr, Sewell has not gone in to the orchid business from choice, but because they are indispensable for floral work. They are not profitable, as their price renders them a luxury to the rich. The orchid house is usually a mass of bloom for something interesting and novel is in flower every day. There are many other orchids be sides those named. The Angraecum is represented by some fine specimens whiuii bear very large flowers, chiefly white, a remarkable feature being the peculiar fail- like appendage sometimes attaining a foot in length. In this order the A. Tenerife. the A. Eburneum, and the A. sesquipedale are most noticeable. All have 2 ft. stalks of white flowers, measur ing from 4 in. to 6 in. across. The Laelia, from Mexico, is represented by 25 varieties, each of which bears, three or four large purple flowers on the end of a spike, while of the Oncidium, or Butterfly Orchid of Mexico, there are 25 varieties. The Phalanopsis carries long and most beauti ful spikes, bearing 100 flowers on each spike when in perfection. The beautiful white and waxy Chysis is represented by two kinds and the Zygopetalum by three or four. On the wall is a Vanilla orchid, the pods of which give the Vanilla flavor ing of commerce. The orchid house is heated by hot water pipes in winter, the average temperature maintained being 70 ileg. by day and 65 deg. by night. The Fernhouse is 70 ft. x 18 ft., ;md it is full of very many lovely plants. In the orchid house are many earthenware nans of seedling ferns of all kinds, in which the growth is exceedingly prolific. The pans have a diameter of about a foot by a deptli of 4 in., and they each contain tnousands of ferns which, when the second leaf ap pears, are pricked off into other pots. In this manipulation very delicate fingers are needed, as sometimes 1,500 are thus re moved from their birthplace to some less contracted residence. Mr. Sewell claims to have the largest variety of ferns in Australia about 600 different sorts being staged in his houses. The Adiantum, or 'Maiden hair,' which are largely used for floral work, range from the minute Gracil limum to the Peruvianum, which have a leaf 3 in. long. There are 70 varieties of maiden hair, with endless change in form, shape, and size of the pinnae, as well as in the height of the plant, but all are beau tiful. Among the least common is the Farleyense, from the Azores, which has charming crested pinnae. The Davallia, or Hare's foot ferns range from a little dwarf variety— the Bullata, from Japan, which is but a few inches high — to the Fijiensis, 3 it. hifh, with long graceful fronds, and of these there are 25 varieties. The most use ful fern for amateurs is the Pteris (de rived from the Greek word pteron, a wing). There are 20 kinds of these avail able, and they are the hardiest of all ferns, while they range in height from 3 to 4 in. to as many feet. The 'Nephrolepis' are represented by 12 or 15 varieties, and they are most useful for basket plants because ot their creeping and pendulous habit. One of the biggest is the shark tooth or 'Davalliaoides Furcans.' The Gymnograni , or gold-and-silver ferns, are very pretty, the back of the fronds being covered with pure white or rich yellow powder. The fernhouse has a glass roof, and is heated in winter. It is so 'crowded that the Cyclamen House has to be requistioned for staging some splendidly grown maiden hairs. As before stated, Mr. 'Sewell has succeeded in ac climatising 100 sorts of ferns which will stand any weather. New ferns recently imported from England which stand the climate outside are the Pteris Mayii and the Pteris Aguta. The Pelargoniuim House (50 ft. by 18 ft.) is of wood and glass, and it contains thousands of diffe rent plants, the varieties being limited to 150 of the very best, consisting of regal, show, and fancy sorts. Of these the Regals are the most popular, because of their finer and larger crimped flowers, so, that they naturally receive the most attention. They are of all colors and shades^, between black and white, as well as of all prices. They are at perfection in October, but now is the proper time to plant them. The Conservatory, which is 65 ft by 20 ft is not artificially heated. In it are accommodated the larger specimens of ferns, palms, aspidistras, and dracaenas, which are loaned for decorative purposes. Here, too, is Cavendish's dwarf banana, which fruited and ripened for the first time in the colony last summer. Begonias, mostly of the flowering kind and orna mental leaves of all shades are plentifully present, and it would be as easy for Mr. Sewell to set out the Town Hall as to fill a small dining-room with plants. Chinese primroses, which are invaluable as window and balcony plants for winter flowering, make a bright show when no thing else is blooming, and there are two plants of the variegated form of the well known Cordyline Auetralis, whose home is in New Zealand. They are 4 ft. high, with a countless succession ol long sword like leaves. A particularly fine Begonia is the President Carnot, with waxy carmine flowers, and a pretty discoloration under the leaf, while the Panicum variegata, a graceful basket grass, is most attractive with its white and green leaves streaked with pink autumnal tints. The Plumeria, too; is a lovely flowering plant, with large white blooms, naving yellow centres, whence a delicious perfume exudes. The famous Frangipanni scent is made from this flower. INTERIOR OF PALM-HOUSE. A NURSERY BED OF PALMS. INTERIOR OF FEEN-HOUSE. ORCHID HOUSE. BIRD S-EYE VIEW FROM LOOK-OUT. fruited and published weekly by John Lanodom Bonython, at the office of The Advertiser, The Chronicle, and The Express, Adelaide, South Australia 