I DEAD-LOCK WITH i SKELETON KEY, '- ICOitFLETE W THIS ISSUE.\ BT W. W. FENN, Author of "Blind Man's Holiday,,"-" Twixt tho Lights," &o.; , g ALL BIQETS besebvid.' |T t first John Jffk Creston said ho know littlo Ft or nothing about tho houso, oxocpt that it was built in- 1699.- Then, after fumbling in hiB pookct for a minuto, ho added, ' "But I have some thing hero whioh seems to refer to it." Ho produced amongst eomo letters a bundlo of closoly written, ragged sheota of raanusoript, as he continued .- "If uny of you fellows havo tho patienco to ' wado ttrongft this eoribhlo, perhaps wo may find th'o beginning of; eomo story about it. It seems to bo rathor a startler too, from tbo mere glance I havo had. It is written By m poor friend of mine, a pauper lunatic." "Pauper lunutio !" "Wefl, if a man hasn't one penny to rub agaiDst another, und hopes to better himself hy 1 literary composition,' it is protty cvidont, I think, rav description is correot." " Explain, explain !" "What I say explains itself, and a good deal more to ray mind. " David Duvono and I were echoolfollows. I adopted architecture, ho pootry und fiction ;. behold the result, I am' getting more business than I can attend to, ho can't earn enough ' to keep him out of tho workhouBe, conse quently I have had to do so, aud now I have paid his passage to Melbourne, where, he declares, he is sure to mako a fortune hy tho Eeu. Two nights ago lie camo up to town, alf-starved, to join his ship at tho dooks thiB morning, and I gnvo him a shako down in that same old houso in Rassctas street that I'm going to pull down in a fortnight. I couldn't take him in at my diggings ; indeed, he professed to prefer ' the weird solitude of the deserted tenement,' as ho called it, to more refined accommodation. I handed him tho key, therefore, the night before last. I suppose ho used it accordingly, and has departed. At any rate, to my surprise, I'vo not heard of him einco ; but this afternoon, on my return from tho country late, I found with my letters, this precious bundle of rubbish in his handwriting, but without a word of explanation. My olerk had left, and what it all means I have not tho faintest idea, oxoept that it scorns' to. refer to the old- house. I'vo not hod timo to examine it. Seo if any ,of yon can understand it." ' . ...IT'lie fonr friendB and brother arehileots,. seated round tho tablo iu whioh thoy had been dining at a oity chophouse, proceeded" slowly, and .with difficulty to read tho manuscript in.' question. Tho .sbeots deciphered at, last, and, placed in ordor, yieldod tho following result ' DAVID DUVANE'S MANUSCRIPT. , Tho houso is condemned as unsafe. It is to eomo down immediately. Yet to tho woo- bogone, poverty-stricken wretch that I am, tho offer of its shelter, the Inst night I shall over spend in England, is not to he despised.' Gladly, therefore, havo I accepted tho little half-furnished room on tho second floor baok, put at my disposal by that friend of my youth, John. Creston, who, us architect, is going to build a now block 011 tho site. The orumbling, rioketty old tenomont is empty,' save for a few "sticks" left in tho second floor baok. When I entered it with the key John gavo me, tho hour was 8 p.m. Tho month being August, the weather was sultry und close, and the murky gloom settling down on tho city obliged mo to strike a matob to find the stairs. Thcso'oroakcd and groaned at ovary stop, fallen plaster and grit- crunched beneath each footfall, tho scurrying of rats caught the ear on all: sides, and echoed through tho silenco with a weird and ghostly effect, whilst the dusty, musty smell was oppressivo in the extreme. My worldly belongings were nearly all contained in tho bag I brought with me, and when I reached tho room, und flung mysolf upon the rickotty couch, I felt utterly depressed and done. After what I had lately gone through in my oxtremity, it was to mo ti bed of roses. So abject indeed was my condition, that but for John's kind- pesB I might have bad to spend that very nightbeneath the stars. Thodim glow from the street lamps lighted the room sufficiently to show its extreme delapiddtion, and enabled roe to note conspicuously a hugo crack in the wall beside tho rusty fireplace, running from floor to ccilimr. and wido enough to insert tho fingers. I but saw it automatically, however. It suggested nothing to me, and I was too: tired "oven to move away the head of the couch which stood besido it. Sleep ! sleep !' I craved nothing hut sleep, nnd within a minute of lying down, blessed oblivion over took me. - A distant church olook striking twolve, followed my first drowsy awnkening. The roar of tho neighbouring Oxford street had sunk into a murmur, hut in a minute it socmed to swell again into louder tones. Ah ! it was not tho traffic— it was thunder, distant hut deep. Presently a .vivid flash lighted the room as olear as day, and in a minute the storm broko in earnest right overhead, 8liukiug tho house to its foundation. The whole fabric trembled, and there succeeded ominous cracking noises, above, beside, all round me. A littlo shower of plaster and' dust fell upon my face, and scattered on the floor. Beyond murmuring a thanksgiving that I was ut least beneath a roof, I paid no heed, and the renewed, ever-increasing din of tho olemcnts served but to lull mo to Bleep again.' When next I woke the fury was still un abated. Tho rain and bail beat against tbo window,- tho lightning flashed incessantly,- and Jove'a : cannon still "made night hideous with- their uproar. I etrotohed, and turned sligh'tly, faeo towards the wall. Fatigue again was on tjia' point of mastering Bib thonght or anxiety, ivlien in a dreamy kind of way ' I seemed to become awaro that tbo gaping rift in tho wall, beside ' tho conoh,. was gaping widor -than ovor. Mechanically, and still as in' a dream, I put' a hand out to touch it. Yielding to tho Blight: pressure, u piece of hriok gavo way. In stantly another followed, and then two or- threo ' wholo bricks, and, before I was thoroughly awoke, one ontiro ride of tho wall bulged, and topping outwards, of qonree,.fell in a cloud of duet, mingled with heavy maBonry, right across my prostrato body.' Fortunately, none hit my nead or faoq, but my arms wero pinioned, and ere I hod timoto- struggle off the conoh, more debris hurtled forward, and some strange, cold, bony sub stance was loft lying on my month. To odd .to tho dazed nightmaro-liko confusion of my brain, tho londost olap of thunder I ever, heard burst over tho house, at this instant, and the whole room was, as it. were, ablaze with lightning. As tho cohoea died away they left silence, and, by comparison, dark ness, deadly, ghost-like. Half-blinded, deafened, -and terror-etrioken, uncertain whether it was not ail hut a dreura, I lay for a moment incapable of thought or movement. Wonder alone filled my mind as sense re turned — wonder that tho house was still standing. Yet hero it was, and hero was I lying with a great weight aoross my chest. _ Tho dim ray from the street lamps still faintly illumined tho room. It fell strongest upon tho ugly gap in the wall besido mo ; it also fell on — what! — on what — horror!— yes, horror euch as I had nover- experienced till how, possessed me, as turning my eyes upon the aperture I eaw the skeleton of a hutnan being protuding, and with ono of its bony arms and band stretohed out upon my face! The skull, with its oveless sockets, seemed to glower at mo, and the dreadful thing, though in reality upheld by the re mainder of the wall, lopped forward, and looked as if it was about to stoop and embrace mo. As -soon as X realised tno tact, oy a desperate effort of whioh hitherto I had seemed incapable, I managed to release my solf from my covering of fallen brick-work, and from ihe contoot of those hideous fingers. , Once upon my feet, and with a growing conviction that I had thus accidentally brought to light some shooking myBtery, my mind grew steadier, and I began alowly con sidering what it wero best to do. Clearly some hapless human being had been bricked up, probably alivo, in that piece of tho wall, and had there remained in oloso proximity to tho surging tido of living, breathing humunity that must nave ebbed and flowed in that room for,> ah I how many years? — two hundred, perhaps, for John told mo tho house had been erected in 1699. Ie it that I have come upon some deadly raystoty ? Assuredly I must discover more if possible. It may prove useful. Dawn breaks. Tbo ruling passion— tho love of my art impels mo, before all other considerations, to take advantago of this weird 'occasion. I see in it pages of copy — salable copy. Knowing the necessity of never allowing an inspiration to cool, I1 descend to a small room on the ground floor, and hastily scrambling some rough sheets of paper together from tho writing material in my bag, I equat myself upon tho floor, and on my lap havo scribbled down the outline of this remarkable experience as given above, while it is yet fresh upon mo. It will want strengthening and working up afresh, but ere I quit the houso and mako my way down to the docks, nnd hid adieu to London for over, I will.ugain creep up to the second-floor back, and in cool blood take ono more and a finul look at tho room — my last bedroom iu the old country! I will go at once, theso notes will bo safe hero till I return. David Dunvano's manuscript ended here, and when the four friends seated round tho table at the city chophouse had finished it, they gazed at each other for 11 minute or two in silenoq. They were all impressed, but just as a smile was beginning to run round it was checked by tho abrupt entrance of John Cros- ton's clerk. "Ah! Mr. Croston," ho cried, " I hoped I should catoh you hero.' A .terriblo thing has happened. The old house, No. 6. Roseolas street, Oxford street, hue suddenly collapsed, sb I expected it would. Camo down, the greater part of it, with a tremendous crash about half an hour ago, and apparently with very littlo warning. ' Tho wholo of the: two upper storeys have given way bodily, and fallen partly into tho street, which is blocked. Luckily nobody was passing, but thoy say ono person who was iu tlio house was hurt soriously, and was taken off to tho Middlesex Hospitul. The police camo round to me, and I thought I hud bettor find you." The speaker's oyo hero foil upon' tlio manu script lying on tlie tablo before his exoitod listener, and ho hurriedly added, "Ah ! I seo you have been reading that queer story. I tftok tho liberty of doing.eo when I found it. I wonder if it's true, und if it rofers to unything that huppoued to your friend, Mr. Duvano, in tho houso itself. I fiinnv it doca." "Why, what makes you think so ?" I1 T1 nr-jiiion havimr to ire with tho mon this morning to clear out the last stiolcB of furni ture left in the second floor hack, wo had to got in by the window of tlio littlo ground- floor parlour, for your friond never'roturncd the koy of tho front door." \- "Well, what of it?" hastily asked Creston. " Why, the first thing wo saw was your friend's bag near tho window, and boeide it on tho floor a penny pot of ink without tho cork, a broken quill pen, aud these sheets scattered around. "Wo put them together, und I luid them witli your letters. They seemed to havo beon freshly written." " Yes, yes, hut what's this got to do with the houso ? " - ' " This, sir, I think, for on going upstairs wo could not get uliovo tho first - floor, tho coiling and stairs above that wore alPbrbken away, and blocked up the landing. . I suppose tlie storm the night beforo last brought that lot down, eo that it mado it easy for : tho root of the fabric to follow this afternoon. : Any way we couldn't got up any higher. As yoit wero out of town I thought I'd bettor wait beforo doing anything." "But haven't .'you eeon or heard of my. friond? " " No, air, and if you ask me, my belief is that it was ho who was takon to the Middlesex. I believe ho couldn't got down, ' any more than wo .could got up. "Wo called and shouted, hut nobody answered. Still I believe lio was up there, perhaps dead. His last -written words on tliat inunnsoript state his intention of going up ugain to havo a last look at tho soeno of his udventufo." " This is an oxtmordinury notion of yours, but here, I must go off- to tho plaoo at oncb Yon must go round to the contraotor's forth with, and wo miiBt huvo tbo street- olearod ut any rate." " Yes, sir, aocidont wqrd, sir, bed 35— case of David Duvune, brought in this afternoon — severe contusions, fracture of right log und loft arm. &o.;— found half-burled among ruins of old. houso No, 6 Bassclas street, &o.; — yes, sir, that must be tho caso you mean." Thus, in effoat, tho janitor at tlie Middle sex, in roply to John Oroston's inquiry. A littlo later no is seated hb tbo bedside of hiB friciul, David Duviuio, who is saying, "Every word I havo written on thoao sbeots, John, is true. 'It nil ouniu about precisely 11s there described. I shall turn it to account some day ; meanwhile lot mo fiuish tho. facts us thoy happoucd when I wont upstairs again. ' " Tine storm had already shaken down louso masses of wall and ceiling on tbo staircase, and I had difficulty in picking my way to the Booond .floor baok. Thero, howovor, was tho skeleton, still mneh us I bad loft it, oraning forward, and uphold by tho slendorost sup port — a touch would buvo brought it crumb ling forwurd into tho room. . My first surmiso .was . oloarly correct. A human being had been ontombod there, bricked up, probably nlivo — hideous thought ! Near tlio foot, howovor, as though thoy might huvo slid down of their own weight from tho gurmonts in tho course, of natural decay, lay several articles— a long dirk, u pair of shoe buckles, und soma coins. Thoy wero ull in my trouaer pockets, I bcliovo, . the nurso will show them to you. I collected and put them -tlioro wheu I lmd examined thom. The coins, you will seo, uro of the reign of William III. aud Queen Anno. ; " Well, after gathoring, there fuots with profound interest, I prepared onco moro to descend, with tho intention of picking up my ' traps und tho MS., whioh I had . left in the little lower room, aud going straight to you. As I reached the landing, and holding by the banisters began to descend the stairs, the weight of my first footstep seemed to "bring about the catastrophe. Tho staircase gave way bodily, and fell with mo iu on over whelming heap upon tbo floor below. ' I felt my leg craok, and a moment afterwards I was struck on the arm' and head, and lost consciousness. Iji" point of fact I was well- nigh buried alive mysolf. I remember littlo more till I found mysrif here, and I am told tliat I wis discovered amongst tho fallen ruins of ; that part of tbo houso which hod toppled over into the street. - " There's my story, John; make what you can of it. As I say, I have found a olue to eomo terrible mystery." "Trulv," interposed CrcBton. "It would be very uiffioiilt ' after this lapse of time to traoe the history of tho orime, or, in fact, of the house. When built it was in the country, and tho fringe of tho Oxford road thereabouts in thoeo days, and for many years after, was of evil repute ; tbe baunt of footpads, high way mon, and worse. Impossible - to say - to what purposes tho house may have boon turned in its time. No, my boy, it's one of those mysteries of London that oau't be oloarcd up. and it ends in a deadlock." Tbo hospital patient raised himself slightly from bis bed, and looking towards his friend excitedly oxolaimed : ' "Capital! 'A Dead Look' ie the title for tho story as it stands." "Yes," nnBWored Creston, smiling, " 'with a Skeleton Key;' that won't open it." David Duvano did not go to Australia. His luok turned with thut adventure in Raa-"" selas street, and front it he dates the suocohb as a writer whioh seoms to have attended him ever since. ' 