OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. in [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] January 4 "The exact geographical position of contentment,' says the humorists philosopher, " ain't laid down on nary a map, and the fellow fetches it soonest who shuts his eyes and goes for it blind ' All experience demonstrates the profound sagacity of the deliverance. We, for in stance, have got through our holiday season. We have had no end of fun in almost infinite variety, and still we are not absolutely "shut up in measureless con tent." As a matter of fact, it is the variety which has introduced the crumpled metal into our rose lent couch of pleasure. It is altogether too much joy to be a [asked one day and florentine next; to leak at every pore on New Year's eve, to keep up the process of soporific exudation, to thaw and resolve into a dew, as the sweltering night slings on, to be made of the earth, for thy, as though you had been rolled in a dust drift before noon, to be drenched before nightfall, and thenceforward to cotter over a fire 01 wrap up in fur lined overcoats. I say this wide range of experience, with its attend dust emotions and expletives, is too, too, much for one short holiday season of, say, 60 hours It crowds a decided excess of riotous hilarity into an altogether too limited space of time. It uses you up too fast, and that, perhaps, is the reason to of are not perfectly content. From the foregoing you may be able to gather that Samples in a large and varied assortment ' about expresses the sort of tt either we have been having. The mercury ran up to 10 ) in the shade on the last day of the old year, and had fallen 5deg on the second day of the new, which to as ii thoroughly w every day, with itch mite squalls of wind and rain. The morning was dull and threatening, but holiday makers always hope for the best, therefore they took their chances ; the chances of ever against them, and accordingly it was under such conditions that Melbourne went cricketing, cycling, racing, picnicking, yachting, and-misery of miseries-steamboat excursioning in family parties I have just left one man if he took his wife and three small children down the bay The story of his to does need not be accounted, but his parting remark was, "Yes, sir, I found out that these trips am j, all they are cracked up to be " We have been doing nothing else during the week but holiday keeping. There is as some pretence of business over the latter part of it, but the city looked wholly ashamed of itself for being over half open. Every office and business place with a spark of self respect kept its shutters up, the Stock Exchange was closed, and when, like an unquiet ghost revisiting the glimpses of the moon, or a criminal haunting the scenes of former i marries, one of our most prominent brokers strolled down the pass current and stood on the curbstone in front of the Exchange with his idle hands thrust deep into the side walls of his bags, a fellow on the other side exclaimed to his chum, "Look, Joel Look, old man There's a sight for sore eyes! There is Dawson, and, wonder of wonders with his hands in his own pockets The cricket match was the first, as it was the last of our new year holiday attractions, though I could see nothing attractive in it, especially for the players, when it began on Saturday with the thermometer standing at over 112deg in the sun South Australians in for another licking, I heard one enthusiast remark as Worrall and Giller went in, and Victoria's going strong for the shield Both sides going strong for a lunatic asylum was my mental observation, but the strength of the Victorian shield going daily t seem up to much, as we wicket after we wicket went down for next to nothing, and South Aus- tralian hopes went up like the mercury in the tube I was far more inclined to back the lunatic asylum when, after having ice clapped on his head and the back of his neck, Jones went on to bow 1 again in the afternoon, and half through the first over had to be supported on the field. De cidedly from my point of view the game is not worth this kind of a candle, and with the example of Harry Trott so hume lately before their eyes one would think that pray ers would come to the same conclusion Cricket, with a shade temperature of over 100, is simply a sort of slow suicide while of unsound mind, and the sane people ought to stop the business Monday s continuation of the match in the wind and the man was far more sensible, and far more sensational, in the wayTiumblo and Laver helped Bruce and Warne to turn rank Initial failure into a total for the innings of it And this by the tail of the team I Verily, such is the sort of tail that wagged the dog Then came the bad weather and worse luck for the South Australians Three went to the right about for Iii before the rain stopped the play that evening It rained all night pretty well, and in the morning the we wicket was unplayable. The seven remaining wickets went down in 0.) minutes for an additional in total, 116, and in the follow on the team put up only 101, leaving our boys victors by an innings and IVA runs, thanks to Dr unable, McLeod, and the rain. The match was, in short, won on the toss, and the state of yesterday's wicket may be gathered from the fact that seven out of the 17 we wickets fell for ducks, among them being a pair of spectacles made out of the only two balls bowled at that redoubtable cricketer, George Giffen He made 18 not out on Monday, was bowled the first ball by McLeod on Tuesday morning, and was bowled first ball by Trumble In the second innings. Flemington on Monday was about as deadly lively, so far as fun was concerned, as my friend's family picnic party on board the bay excursion boat. The at tendance was thin, though not so thin us might have been expected, but when the w waterproof s and umbrellas w ci c sported as the rains descended, and the wind squalls went whistling past, the general outlook was grey, gloomy, and gruesome " Where is the Governor? asked one shining social state of another leading local light " Gone to Tasmania He is at Bischoff, or Lyell, or Zeehan, or thereabouts," was the reply. ' Do you think it is raining there " Do I think I It's a moral, seeing that the West Coast is never out of it when there is half a chance to turn on the tap ; so you may be sure his Lordship is enjoying himself, even as we are." "Serve him right for deserting in hopes to dodge our roasters, and there rang out the light laugh which tells of the satisfaction we receive from the consciousness of companionship in ad- versity. Inter aims silent leqesI Which, being late pi cted, means that political alf iii i trouble no one when holidays abound, therefore members and Ministers are away seeking relaxation from their arduous duties, and cultivating a taste for the beautiful in nature. The Premier and the Minister for Mines sought sweet seclusion in Gippsland, having announced their intention of doing the Alps and scaling Feathertop and Buffalo before their return, ascents they will make perhaps in the spirit but never in the flesh The Minister for Education, Mr, Peacock, hastened to the rural retirement of Allandale, but had to return hurriedly on pressing business, and thereby hangs a tale. The work was hard, the day was hot, And as for style he cared no lot ; Bate sheltered by the semi gloom Within his Ministerial room, His coat and vest beside him lay, While be in shirt sleeves pegged away. But this is not "The Lay of the Last Minister," therefore In sober please let me say that a well known business men, who find a very imperfect acquaintances 4th the Hon. A. J. l'" to cut seeking hint, and, discipline liebig relaxed during life Holiday, passed unchallenged of the messenger, who should have been in wait dug, into a room where he saw shirt sleeved clerk occupying an easy chair and lit the liveliest iliuiiililing.wlllilils fingers on the table I n r In own stud), will tell looked quite as much like abstracted indolence "Hullo my son," he jovially remarked, " doing the Gover suicide stroke ? My word, you fellows have a free and easy time of, it" "Well, you seem to be pretty free and easy yourself," was the slightly astonished reply. "Come, come, youngman, no impel tinonee, you keep act II tongue in your head, seeing you're a Civil sent and "What do you want?' "I want to see the Minister for Education. ' "Well, sit down and tell me what you want to say." " Indeed, I will do nothing of the sort j I want to see Mr. Peacock, the Minister for Education," "Oh, hang it man I fire is Wily I I'm Mr. Peacock, the Minister for Education." "What! You 11" "Yes, I. Here, Best (to the Commissioner for Customs, who had just entered) convince this gentleman that I am Peacock. " And, catching the humour of his called is astonished face, the Minister burst into that peal of laughter which can issue from no other human throat in Australasia. There was no necessity for his colleague to say a word, and whipping off his hat the city man said, " I beg your pardon, Mr. Peacock, If I did not recognise you before, but I know you not." The garb was the garb of Esau, but the voice to us the voice of Jacob By the way, I mentioned in a recent letter that the Victorian ttoikliigbn dahlias maiden railway line had written out To rules hall Council, or one of its members, asking the other Victorians he warned against seeking work three of 100 men 50 were employed, and the rest were in a state of semi starvation, and that they be further warned against the wiles of the wicked conti m tors who sought to decoy them over the SU calls for the simple purpose of keeping it ages dew n by glutting the labour market. Now it transpires that these cannot be got to cut sleepers for our own lines, the construction of which has been recently authorised, because the minimum wage of 11s per day is also the maximum, while your son tractors are paying 7s 6d. per day of its quit rent for piecework Et identity, you are a very bad lot down there thus to he guide the poor Victorian working man. The Xmas shows are running very strongly at their respective theatres, with 2 11s (JlisIiu. well in the load. It will be a long while before the city tires of her bril- Hutley and fascination. The Bijou attrue tion, Madame Sans Gene, has equal merit of a totally different order, and Mrs Brough s impersonation of the true hearted washer woman Duchess is among her best dibits Her delivery of the text in which she pours out the vials of her scornful wrath on the Emperor's sisters is a splendid example of incisive invective Mr. Brough s Napoleon is a careful study, and high testimony to his versatility, and Mr Caines Lefebvre is also an admirable chin after isation The New Babylon continues to draw at the Royal, the realism of the collision score being especially up plauded and the minor houses of entertainment are still doing profitable business. 