CHAPTER XHI. .21.— . If uothiner ' clso had & driven mo to keeping- a journal, the loneliness of this now life of inino would havo aono so. No moated grange, no tower of prisoned, princess, could havo matched for loucliness &nd; isolation this dreary Cornish home. Nature itself has defended it from nil external intrusion. In a cleft of the winding' cliff its foundations havo been hollowed out, and the house is invisible, I believe, from the top or bottom of the chine. Seen by daylight, it is a dreary place, though the kindly hand of nature has given its walls and casements lavish decoration. Tho garden has suffered from neglect. The one old serving man, Tusband to Buth Pasco, could not possibly compete with the ever-springing luxuriance of weed and brunch and tangling creepers. The paths are moss-grown, the flower beds present a wild magnificence of riotous beauty; tho grass grows rank and high, savo only in that space which once meant the lawn, i Tho rooms inhabited by Miss Peuharva arc three in number, and open out of tho ©rridor I havo before described. They are iways kept closoly shuttered. No gleam of 'daylight enters thore, and if air is given it is only at night. To ror knowledge no window is ever opened. She has her meals alone,. I am served in the great bleak dining-room below, and so dreary and weird it is, with the old fumily portraits looking down in grim questioning at such an intruder, that I often /long to snatch up my plate and retreat to the homely and less ceremonious regions of tho kitchen. Yet Bath ru>oo is not very lively company, and old Peter is more grim and Wiiautaven than his wile* The grounds are spacious, but the mere fact of being limited to their extent give* me a feeling of imprisonment. In n short time I knew every nook and comer of them, every aspect of their wild beauty, ercry advantage taken by nature of long neglect. Then a weariness and horror of tbera over took mo. I longed to be away from these gloomy thickets ; to poale the cliffs, to" float seawards, to bathe in the blue, waves, to roam at will over the firm white saads. But I had ?n my word, and. hero I must remain. I sewed diligently, though I had nover been rer fond of my noodle. I ransacked the bookshelves for anything of iuterest, but tbe musty old volumes were not of u kind to allure my taste, or charm away the dullness of loug blank hours. Of papers or maga zines, anything that brought news of the outer world we had nono. Days, weeks, passed, and monotony claimed me as its victim, and now I scarcely note the passage of time. In tbo evenings Miss Penharva sends for mc. Sometimes wo play piequct ot ecarte. Sometimes she watches me working*, an speechless and motionless as a marble fijrnrc. Sometimes she talks strange, bitter talk of wrongs and vengeance, nnd a fierco fire glows in her ores, and she rises and paces thcroom with the savage, swift step of a caged animal. - It is a dreary life, a terrible life, yet I must jo through with it. This melancholy abodo seems to me a city of refuge, and I can hope to find no other so safe and so secure. It is laic afternoon, and I have been 'itling at my window watching the stcrra. There is a grim red light in the west, bursting through piled masses of dark plouds. The noise of the sea is like distant thunder. The grass below is Btrown with the wreckage of broken boughs and scattered leaves. Forlorn birds perch in sodden misery on the tossing branches. Tho sweep of rain nnd wrath of wind ch»in my eye3 and ears with a melan choly fascination. The nnutterablo loneliness and droaitueas of my life appal me as I realise them afresh. The future, has no hope, no. ambition in wjiiqh I may^indulgo. A few mouths audi ^uH. leave ray present refuge and face the world on my own account, with little money, witifo&f; friends, without hopel 44 Perhaps I may"die,"I say io xoraelf. 44It would bo bdst, .;it*;wohld bo a way out of all this trouble.V r '• Alkueck at the doer, and the voice of old \Ruth. Pasco' tilling mo that Mb»s Penhurra wiali^d to se£ me, interrupted rae here. I closed The book, and obeyed tho summons. Miss' Penharva wus Mltiug in her u<uk1 place. The sound of the storm was audible even in that closed room. The rain bout on the shutters, and the wind howled and moaned like a bea3t awaiting its prey. The solitary occupant of the lonely room seemed to me more ghostly than usual. Two candles on the mantelshelf threw a straggling light: around, but the distant spaces were dim and thadowy. I approached. "You.wished to see me, Miss Penharva?'* I said. • She looked up. Something in her eyes todclied mel They were more human, so to ."peak; and tho cold whiteness of her face seemed touched and warmed by some inner feeling. t* Yes," she said, 4,I wished to see you. Is jherca storm without?" "Yes, a fearful one. You can hear the wind, can you not ?" " Ycb," sho said drearily. 14 It wakens nil tbo cohoes here—the echoes in the bouse, in my heart, in my life." I took the chair opposite her own. I made no answer; only looked at her wiih that curious secso of wonder and interest thut she alwayp routed. "Was ho crnelto you? Do you bate lirm V she said, suddenly. "He—who?'7 I answered, vaguely, for my thoughts had wandered fur away. "The man who wronged you." "Thero nro no words to express my hate," I said, fiercely. " I see my whole life laid desolate; misery and humiliation on every side. And my only fault was—trust." She rubbed her thin white hands together. A look of fiendish exultation was In her eyes. " Hato him! Hato him with all your heart and soul! " she cried, " Let hate spur your thoughts to vongencc. Man has no mircy on woman. She is his prey, his victim, his sport, and pastime. Why should she be merciful when bcr chanco and lier hour comes. Look here ! Look at this! " She seized her long white tresses and tore at them. She beat her withered hands against ber withered breast in a sudden fur}'. Her fico was convulsed. Her eyes gloamcd with manifest ferocity. 1 " A man did this. A man turned me from flesh and blood to stone. A man whom I loved, whom* I trusted. If ho stopped short of greater wrong it was not from want of will. Child, a mutual sorrow draws us into sympathy. But bo warned in time. Fool them, lie to them, hurt tbera, play with them, but never believe in their love, never trust their honour!" With a moan sho hid her face in her hands, and all that silver veil fell over her like a garment. I watched her wondcringly, started by this sudden outburst of rugo and passion. She had never spoken like this to me, never betrayed such intensity.-of feeling. I remained silent, waiting on bcr mood, and the sound of the storm filled the gloom, and its eerio echoes moaned through the corridors without. When she lifted hor head again, it was to speak of the reasons that accounted for my presence here, and I began to understand them in the light of thoso disjointed phrases. A child to be reared aud nurtured in such fashion that it would be the instrument of her own revenge; a child who should drink in hatred and contempt of men as it drank in food una light and air \ u child who should go forth to the world dowered with this hatred, and owning vast wealth, jet be the minister of hate, and the scourger of passion. X shuddered as I listened, and jet remem bered that this child wou!4 be mine. Its heritage contumely, its birthright shame. Yet, with sudden terror, T asked myself had I any right so to dispose of any human thing, even r life for whicn I might have to give my own ? Had I any right to barter freedom of. action, possible peaco of mind, all or any of j those gilts of physical existence which nature claims for her offspring? The wrong done to myself could not be righted by the further wrougdoing of gnother, even if that other was the victim of a tragio fato, and wholly inaooent of the misery its prospective exist ence W4K causing. In the long silence that followed that passionate outburst thought was merciless to tue, and I lived through spaces of both past and future in vivid flashes of what had been and what might bo. When she spoke again bor vpico was weak and tremulous. It hold the echoes of some unexpressed misery,,but I lacked courage to ask .of its nature.' The storm raged on without, and the stress and fury of human passion und human griefs raged ou within, and we two sat in the deepening gloom nurs ing our vengeance iu tho very impotence, of despair. * ■) K . * ' : -Sr Was ever anything stranger than the cir cumstances of my present life ? Sometimes it seems like .a dveura from which I shall waken to find Tnyeelf once tnore in tho dear old vicarage. $locp itself, with its visions and phantasies, is-more real af times fhau this existence. I wander through tho ghostly corridors, 1 listen in tho silence of tho night to the whis perings and stirrings that fill the gloom with mystery. I eeo tho moonlight stream through my uncurtained window in the warm summer night-, and I listen to tho sen's untiring murmurs and the owl's weird hooting. I am not afraid of the ioncliuwa now. I have grown used to it, and to all the void and darkness that bavo surrounded my life's o passionate fullness. But I know it is not good for mo. I know thut my years ure 'jot too young for tho sap of joy to be wrung out of them, and when I rise listlessly to meet each new day, and see my hollow eyes and palo cheeks, I turn away from tho too candid trutbteller that confronts rue, and wonder dimly if this pale ghost can really be myself. There is nothing to tell, nothing to record. Ono day is liko nuolhef as tho summer drifts along. The echoes of tho harvest fields cpn not penetrate here. Tho failures or successes of the fishing bouts are unheard or unheeded by any inmate of Penharru. The only voice from the outer world that ever reaches us in that of Mr. Malpas. On the first of evety month he appears and has an interview with Miss Pcnnarva. Scmo times I sec him in tho gloomy dining-room, but oftenor I avoid him. He makes mc un comfortable. Day follows day, week drifts after week, Tho leaves turn from green to gold. * Fruit and grain have been gathered and reaped. The tints and scents of autumn sharpen into chilliness at dawn and nightfall. 1 note a look of question and Anxiety in old Ruth's face, and I am surprised when she tells roe that flho is going to sleep in the litUo room, that opens put of my own. Then I know that the hour of my trial is approaching, and my courage begins to fail. It was midnight. I woke from a troubled sleep and looked about me. There was a fire in the grate, and a shaded lamp on the table near by. Ruth Pasco was filtting' by the fire on a-low ohair crooning dreamily to something, she held in her arms. Something that made a little odd funny noise, a feeble wail that to me sounded the oddest and most pitiful thing I havo ever licai-d. I lifted myself from the pillows and peered forward. "Ruth," I said. ^ She glanced round. "Xio down," sho commanded. "You'll haTo a ferer sartin and sure if you be so venturesome." I sank baok. " Have I been ill long?" 1 asked feobly. 14 Long eno'," slio answered.,14 A week or so you've been wandering like, hut I bo'ant afraid for 'cc now 1" 14 And—and it—she ?" I asked. "A fine child,-eno*. But not exuetly what wo thought ber'd bo. Don't 'ec let lliecself get excited though. For 'tis a boy, not a girl babo you've giveu us." 44 A boy !" I started up aguin, forgetful of warning. 44 Good heavens 1 What does Miss Ponharva say?" j 41 She was 'mazed. She didn't say any thing, hut she looked at it and sure as fate, my dear life, what do 'eo think P The bain) smiled in her fane quite kuowin' like, and now her has it brought to her own room every day, uud 'twill lie on her lap quiet and smiliu', and holding av a finger her will be givin' it." "But didn't she eay anything?" I per sisted. 44 Nairn a word. Don't 'ee fluster thee Bclf. 'Tis a child right cno'. and the will o' Providence sent it of a different sex to our requirements, but look, my dear life, don't *eo vex thccsclf ovor that." 41 Slay I—see it ?" I asked timidly. 14 If thco'll lio down and keep still. I've bad a rare picoe of work wi* thee these seven davs." I obeyed, aud she came towards me, the small flannel bundle in ber arms. She put it into mine, and I looked wondcringly ut the tiny puckered face, the wide-opened blinking eyes, tho soft dusky hair. An odd feeling of pity for its smalincss and helplessness was the only sensation of which I was conscious. I saw no beauty in the .small parte! of humanity. It was the out ward and risible eJgn of a false lore. It perfected my misery, and ret, I could not harden my heart against it. The one love oommon to all tilings feminine stirred my stagnant soul. Tho tears were warm on my cheeks as I bent over this small, frail thing. A rough touob, the merest accident would havo arrested tho life that was bo new and profitless a gift I felt that, even as I re cognised the warring of those new and strange emotions. Hurriedly t gave the child back to lluth. Then I turned my face to the wall and wept tlm bitterest tear/l had shod yet in oil these roiserablo months. The time of expectation and dread was over. The waitiug at an end. I *hould soon be free to take up life on my own re sponsibility, to face tho wosld, and ask its mercy or its scorn as I plcaeed. Then once morn the feeble wail broke forth, and t felt ray heart thrill, and a strange un reasoning tenderness woke to life in placo of rar hardues* and bitterness. My child— mine! Undesired and dowerod with shame, and yet claiming me and calliug on me by right of that very dowor. Mine—and I had bartered its future for my own security, and traded its forlorn innocence for my own selfish purpose. let when tho helpless thing had rested in my arms all the womanhood-within called out in sympathy. Sin, shame, and despair seemed of less account before this outward and visible eign. The child's touch brought mo within sight of heaven's raeroy, and lifted me abore even sorrow and indifference. 