A CITY COMEDY. Ykh, it tiikca somuth'mg rich to nmko an okl dototivo gawp ; but, then— Hinton, . tlio Biimrtcat man in tlio agency, paused to cliolco back a queer laugli — for atuggor- mg novolty and dramatic dovolopinent. I've yut to eomo across anything liko tlio little nll'air that Spears, the big broker, put into my hands not bo long back. Why, avliilo his door wan locked 011 the mystery, Spears offered mo £00 down never to lot it go further ; but it cropt out somehow, and convulsed tlio City for days — no wonder. Just by chance it was that I hnpponcd to call at his ollico twico 011 that par ticular day. Ho had BOt 1110 to hunt up ono or two troublesomo clients, and I hud aoino nowB for him. At ton o'clock ho had not arrived I sat down to wait. Tlio clerks woro whispering among them selves— presently I made out that thcro thero had boon a significant Bhindy in tlio ollico that week. Joeso Blair, Spear's own ncpliow, was gono — disgraced for life. A handsome young scapegrace, whom no ono could help liking, ho had hod splendid chances to riso since Spears laid taken him into tho inner ollico to typowrito his privato correspondence — and wasted thorn nil. Hover very reliable, ho got fascinated by some third-rato theatrical society, and from that moment turned up, palo and unsteady, 1111 hour or so Into at business nearly every morning. And at last Spears had shown him tho outer door, and ho rushed out, they said, near mad with rage and mortification. Ho more relations in tho place for liim, Spears vowed. Ho sat down and daubed oil' an ndvortisomont for o young lady typist, applications to bo mado by lotter anly —ho wouldn't havo a shoal of females lighting for places on tho stairs. And tlio clerks were all giggling and speculate ing. As it happened, queerly enough, thcro hnd not been a solitary answer to tho advertisement any one morning. 'What, none ngainl' gasped Spears, bustling in just then. ' That's very curious — a pound per weok going beg ging. Ha, Hinton, you back f Quickly, l'vo bnrcly a niinuto to spare.' Well, we had barely got into the privato room when one of tho clerks tapped— a young lady had called about tho situation. Spears sprang up in a passion, but ho was quito calmed down whon ho saw tho applicant herself stand ing there. Pretty 1 Hot tho word. Sho was tall itnd Btutoly, with n most magni ficent wave of auburn hair, and lifted her veil from a faco that hud a colour liko roses. Only her spectacles spoiled her in that sense ; but alio made up for it by her sweet frightened voice. Sho was so sorry to intrude liko that, but had been trying for bo long ; yes bIio had a perfect knowledge of typewriting, and — well, I half think I scented u sort of ronmnco 011 tho spot. It took my breath to hear Spears, a cautious, hard man, cut her short jnnd engage her there and then for tho following Monday. Sho herself went off bo surprised and delighted that sho could hardly say ' thanks,' ; nnd Spears hurried after her to keep an urgont appointment. I was to cnll in later. I did. Tho striking part of it was that, just as I settled down opposite Spears for tho second timo that day, another baulk occurred— serious this time. High voices outsido at first, next some thing liko a Bcufllo,; and then tho door burst open — who should Btand there but young Jesso Blair, white and imploring. It looked as though ho hod just heard tho nowB and realized that ho had really rcnchcd tho end of lus tether there. ' Mr. Spears I Uncle 1' Ho Hung out both hands in a most touching way ; his voico was a study. 1 1 uin not hero to muko a scene. I'vo been a fool. I ask ono last chanco, just ono. I'll do my human best, there I For tho family's sake 1' 'Too late,' whispered Spears turning away. I had a lump in my own throat. Unfortunately, you did your worst first. Leave my otlicc, please.' ' I will. And you — lioforo long you'll bo sorry you didn't stop to think.' And ho marched out, a slindo less upset than Sponrs himself. Well, I found no occasion to cnll thero again for nearly tlireo weeks, nnd then Miss Khodcs, the lady clerk, had settled down at her desk in tho inner room, nnd things seemed going on quito serenely. Already, though, tlio clerks hnd started talking— tho quietest, most irritnting girl going!— never a word or a look to givo anyone, and swept in and out liko a breath of scented wind. Thcro was oven n whisper that sho had heard tho tale, anil went in vagiio fear that Jesso Blnir meant to take some mean rovengo upon hor. I laughed to myself ; when I left I could have given them a likely key to the mysterious reticence. Incredible as it seemed, Sponrs, always eaten up with husincssnnd money-making, was falling deeper nnd deeper every hour in lovo with this typewriter girl, with her roso colour, grand mass of hair, and superior ways. x Know iv lor curtain wueii, uiiu uny a few weeks lator, I got an incoherent noto from him telling me to call immediately on urgent business. A man who dabbled with thousands of pounds every day without losing his head, he turned round a face quito white and excited. Almost the first words he blurted out made mo lift my eyebrows as Miss Rhodes, writing demurely only a yard or so away ; and Spears — well, I10 distinctly blushed. 'Oh— or — Miss Rhodes knows the facts of the course,' he said, with n cough. ' Facts, I say j but it's really tho most mystyfying affair out. Hinton, am I candy to sit here nnd loso 1.450 1 Hot I.' Ho started striding up and down then. 'Look here, wo did somo ordinary ' cover ' business with a client named Jones, nt at Birmingham, a month ago. Ho netted just l50 over it, and I instructed n firm there, with whom we exchango credit, to pay liim tho money in tho usual way. Settling day comes round— and it nppenrs they have been nnd paid him 1.500. Hot only thnt, but they swear hard nnd fast that that was tho amount named in our letter. What do you nmko of that 1' ' H'm 1 Then you don't admit tho possibility of a mistnko in your figures, Mr. Spears 1' ' Fivo hundred for fifty. Am I mad 1 Miss Rhodes there types all letters at my dictation, nnd, of course, I read them over boforo signing. It's a downright inystory — but it shall bo cleared up.' < Yos — but,' I put in, wondering, whore's my case ? If thoy lmvo your loiter to show ' ' Just it,' ho whispered, tapping my shoulder. 1 Thoy can't trace that letter — or they won't, — and they can't traco Jones. How, isn't that sufficient evidence of curclessnoss— or something dcopcrl And yot I'vo paid through them for years. There's ovon my. own lawyer at a loss, and — well, it's in your hands. Clear it up, or I shall proceed on tho ground that it was worked with this Jones.'- And tho mystery hail only deepened next morning, when I got to Birmingham and interviewed the manager thero. I saw nt n glanco that tho error had been genuino — thoy were quito indignant about it. Off I hurried to tho hotel where Jonos hnd bcon staying ; ho hnd left somo days boforo, giving no clue as J,o his future movements. Significant. Back to tho firm I went, nnd suggested that a confederate of Jones in their employ had purloined tho missing lcttor. Next to impossible, thoy declared, and tho month's correspondence was brought out fur my inspection. File after fdo wo waded through, to 110 purpose. Ono rather curious thing I did coino across, however, and that was a sheet of paper, such as Spear used, with his signature at tho foot — nothing more. How it had found its way thcro tho firm had no idea ; so I just asked lcavo to slip it into my pocket. Tt rather seemed to mo that I should convince Spears lio was not exactly as business-like as he mado out, and was occasionally in tho habit of setting down his signature boforo tho letter was writton over it. Mon in lovo do queer things. For two days I haunted Birmingham, doing my level utmost to trace thnt Jonas. Ho good ; back to London I went. It gave me almost a ' turn ' to catch Spears pacing up and down his private room, both hands hard to his head. ' Hinton,' ho gasped out — tho type writer girl had gone out to lunch. ' Hin ton, whatever does it all mean 1 I'm glad you're come I . . . Hero's tho identical thing happened over again, Parkers of Chatham lmvo paid a client tlireo hundred pounds in my name instead of thirty. Threo hundred I Heavens, if this leaks out everywhere I shall be ruined. Can't you suggest some thing, with your experiences of ins nnd outs V For tho lifo of me, I could only stare back ; perhaps I had Nome hazy notion, but it wanted shaping it was so queer. Two accidents of that sort, well, it was rather a startling coincidence. I would not say another word, but took train then and thero for Chatham. Mystyfy ing— aye 1 Precisely tho same thing hnd happened as with tho Birmingham" firm, and it had novcr hnpponcd before in tho course of their dealings with Spears. Tlio letter was missing, and so wns tho man who had applied to them for the threo hundred pounds. When they pointed out a blank square of papor — nt least, blank oxcept for Spear's unmistakcable signature at tho foot— nnd couldn't ac count for it, well, there, I should havo been the biggest blunderer in tho ngency if thnt hazy notion of mine hudn't sprung up clear as daylight of n sudden. My fingers itching to lay hold of ono particu lar person, I raced back to town, reached tho office just an hour before closing time, and wnlked in without troubling the clerks to nnnounco me. Possibly there wns something more in my mnnner than I meant to show. Spears sat there, dictating tho evening letters; his voice and tho click of the typewriter broke off simultaneously. Miss Rhodes started, and then sat like stone ; and Spears, poor fellow, spun round with a quick, 'Out with it, Hinton.' ' Well, you'll excuse inc, sir,' I said at once, ' but I'd liko to know first whether you ever do such a strange thing as put your signature to a letter before the letter itsolf is writton 1 Hever Y He had stared, and then given a warm negative. ' Well, then, cither theso are forgeries, or the fact remains that you don't too care fully read through your correspondence after it is typewritten. . . . Er, you'll oblige me by sitting quito still, Miss Rhodes.' Sho half swayed up but sub sided again. ' My own signatures, both,' Spears whispered, a hand to his forehead. 'What ever docs it mean V ' Genuine, then 1 I thought so.' I put my back to tho door, and dropped my voice a note. ' How, Miss nhodes, would you prefer to answer that question your self, without any bother f That was it, and thoy were both on their feet in a jiffoy. The girl was first to speak, in a husky, but clever, voice. 'Mr. Spears — Frank) Am I to stay here nnd bo insulted by that fellow I Kindly allow me to go, please.' ' But, one momont,' ho gasped out. 'Hinton, explain your words — I insist 1 I — why I would trust Miss Rhodes with my life, it's monstrous. Besides, how could she ' 'Oh, easily enough,' I put in, a bit nettled. ' If I'm not to go on, you have only to ask the young lndy what brand of ink sho used when sho typed those par- Licuiar letters, anu possiuiy a ietv ouicrs, for wo all know. . . . Yes, ink tHkt is warranted to fado out in a fow days, eh, Miss Rhodes, most conveniently when there's a purposo in view 1 Thcro you are, Mr. Spears. This young — er — lady can doubtless tell you who has your money, I'vo dona my part.' I'll never forget it. Spears — he stood just liko a girl bewitched ; thero was no doubt, as I found out Inter, thnt ho had really intended to trust her with his life. As for her, her hands clenched hard, sho towered there, glaring murdur nt mo behind thoso spectacles, for a moment, and than she suddenly collap sed back into her chair. Very simple ; but a clearer admission of tho main fact thero never was. Yes ; but tho queerest, msst amazing pnrt of it nil was to come. Hot another word had been spoken, when she slowly roso and throw out her hands, as if her last chanco lay in working upon his feel ings. Mr. Spears I . . . . Frank 1' she whispered. Oh it was sublime. Hext moment, mercy. I fully boliovo thnt tlio man would havo taken a step with his own hand out, but I gripped him back. My own breath was nearly gono. Thnt ono dramatic movement of hers hnd sent a notion liko lightning through my brain. I'vojumped to a fow queer conclusions on a lucky impulse, but that — ' Why 1 Why, Mr. Spears,' I blurted out. If I don't beliovo — ' I must havo bcon sure of it. Before I knew it, I had taken a couplo of strides nnd jerked sharply at thnt mass of wavy, auburn hair. It came cleun away ; tho spectacles fell off at tho Bamo moment. . . Miss Rhodes! Wo were staring at a dnrk, closo cropped hand, staring at Jesso Blair I . . . . And, woll, thero, It was tho finest, neatest stroko of real art I over expect to sco in tho world. You havo heard of dramatic situations, so you can faintly imagino. But it was all up, and to judgo by Spear's faconlono, I don't suppose a man over had a worso shock before. Whito as a ghost, ho groped for his clmir, and our protty criminal wns just tho ono to twist tho upset round to his own advantage. ' Now, only keop your head, unclo 1' Actually ho smiled. ' I can oxpinin all, I did it as much as anything else. You must own that you have got your own back with a vengennco now I T'lio money — you shall every penny of it back inside twenty- four hours. Uncle, you wont bo foolish, for all our sakest — your own, too, you know.' You wonkl scarcely credit it, but Spears swayed up and pointed shakily to tho door. ' Go,' rattled in his throat. Put thoso tiling on and go, before I havo time to think I . . . . Hinton !' Ho made an effort to whisper to mo : ' Hin ton, I leave tho rest to you. It's fifty pounds in your pocket to got him away without anyano knowing.' Jesso Blair was a born actor, thnt ho had fairly proved. First of all, ha had thought only of taking somo petty re- vonge ou his unclo ; but that ndvertiso- ment of Spears for a lady typist had put this idea into his fertile brain, and ha and ono of his friends had concocted a risky plot that worked for profit as well. There had been not a solitary answer to that ad. — of courso not. Knowing in time, thoso threo mornings ho had called at tho place a little before business time, got tho keys of Speara's offices from the hall porter below (who, of couiso, know nothing of his having beon cashiered), simply cleared tho letter box of every cnvelopo marked ' Situation,' nnd then handed tho keys back with tho cool re mark that tho letter ho had oxpoctod had not arrived. Then ho called in tho character of ' Miss Rhodes,' and got the berth ; and ho carried his cunning so far, as you know, as to go there without the disguise, a fow hours later and plead for ono more chance, a moster-atroko in tho way of avertidg possible suspicion. The rest was comparatively child's work. Three coups ho and his friend, tho travelling ' speculator,' had arranged, and two had succeeded. For thoso letters he hod contrived to uso an ink that faded completely out in a fow days, and just trusted to chance for Spears not noticing the added ' nought.' Spears didn't, prob ably dashed off his signature with barely a glanco at the context, nnd after that the chances of immediate detection wero wonderfully light. Thoy only wnnted £1000, and then, hoy, for the Wild West I 