[?] BY OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT. I come now to the pleasures of husbandry in which I vastly delight. Cicero —Translation. SO much has been talked and written of the splen- did mining exhibits in the Queensland Court of the Greater Britain Exhibition, which comes to a close at the end of this month, that the other indus- trial displays of the northern province seem to be somewhat overshadowed. To the general public in New South Wales and the southern colonies, it might seem that, with the exception of the mining section, the Queensland exhibits were of small ac- count. Such an impression, however, wmld be very erroneous. The other principal industries the pastoral and the agricultural — with their many ra- mifications, as well as several of the manufacturing interests, are well and handsomely represented. The agricultural action, for instance, is very complete, the exhibits embracing the varied products of the soil, from the southern border to the tropical north. The Department of Agriculture, with its field officers and technical teachers, entered enthusiastically into the work of collecting exhibits from all the agricul- tural districts in the colony, and, although the notice of the space available at Earl's Court was somewhat short, they succeeded in forwarding a collection of which any country might be proud. Among the hundreds of exhibits there are samples of sugar cane grown in the colony from Nerang in the south to Geralton in the north, and bags of sugar from the famous mills of Mackay, Bundaberg, and Cairns, as well as from the Central Mills, operating under the Sugar Works Guarantee Act ; there are cases of spirits from the Bundaberg and Mackay distilleries ; casks and cases of South Queensland wines from Ipswich. Roma, Warwick, and Nudgee ; rice from Cairns and Port Douglas in the north and from Beenleigh in the south ; coffee and other subtropi- cal products from the northern districts, chicory, tobacco, and arrowroot from near the southern border. In cereals the Toowoomba, Allora, War- wick, and Killarney districts of the Darlmg Downs contribute samples of all the principal wheats grown, besides numerous varieties of barley and maize ; and the Moreton district, of which Brisbane is the distributing centre, advertises the fertility of its soil by sending bales of lucerne, wheaten, oaten, bar- ley, and panicum hay, samples of dairy produce from the butter and cream factories, bacon and hams, preserve fruits, honey, and other products of the farm. Want of space precludes an enumera- tion of all the other lesser, but perhaps more in- teresting, exhibits, though mention must be made of the many specimens of valuable Queensland ornamental building and paving timbers. Alto- gether, the court contains nearly 300 exhibits for- warded through the Department of Agriculture, irrespective of those sent by private exhibitors. The collection has been greatly admired. The Queens- land Minister for Agriculture, the Hon. J. V. Chataway, a little while ago had the gratifica- tion of receiving a cablegram stating that on one day there passed through the gates 100,000 people, nearly all of whom inspected the Queensland court. The court was most favourably criticised, the wheat, sugar, and other trophies in the agri- cultural section evoking much admiration ; and that opinions were volunteered to the department's representative that the Queensland display was the finest of its kind ever made in London. Of course, the mining section, with its working battery, was the great attraction to the general sightseer. There is undoubtedly a great fascination in the spectacle of ingots and cakes and nuggets of gold, and quartz specimens richly studded with the precious metal. They recall the romances surround- ing the lives of the early gold-seekers. They bring to mind the lonely solitudes transformed into populous regions, and the humming hives of human industry, called into being at the touch of the golden talisman, in remote and sterile corners HON. J. V. CHATAWAY, M.L.A., MINISTER FOR AGRICULTURE. HARVEST TIME, EMU VALE, DARLING DOWNS. of the earth. We think of the thousands of bold, adventurous spirits who, in their search and lust of gold, brave the dangers of unkaiwn seas, face the most deadly of pestilential cli ates, and grapple with difficulties that would appal any but the stoutest hearts. Buoyed up with dauntless faith and unutterable hopes, the home and asscciations of childhood are forsaken without compunction, and the friends and pursuits of maturer years aban doned without regret Spurred ou with visions of untold wealth ever dancing before their inflamed imaginations, they leave behind them the security of settled life, aud, ploughing the wide waste of waters, penetrate fever 'infested jungles, cross trackless, torrid deserts, or climb ' their way over snow -covered mountains into the gloom of icebound, arctic solitudes, in tbeir quest of the God of gold. The ever-oresent hoite that the uext shovelful of earth or the next shot in the rock will realise all his fond anticipations ind bring him wealth aud power nerves the ardent goldseeker 1o cheerfully face every vicissitude to reach the golden treasure locked in the bosom of mother earth. But, af'er all, hus bandry is the surest, as it is the noblest, of all alchemy. The gold 'bearing claim of the digger will ' peter out,' the retort of the miner may yield him gradually diminishing rewards, but the crucible of the husbandman unceasingly simrrers for ever transmuting the earth to gold. The busy, bustling mining field of to-day may be a deserted camp to morrow, whose mullock heaps and decaying poppet heads remain the melancholy monuments of the shattered hopes of a thousand heart?. The domain of the husbandmau is more prouaic ; but as the years roll on the forest recedeB, the solitudes give way to his prolific fields, his acres broaden, and his granary 8W9lls ; he onjoys all the delights of a settled home, his sons aud daughters grow up around him peopling the laud, and hw declining years are crowned with the content which a life of steady industry inevitably brings. Having described at some length m previous issues of the ' Sydney Mail ' other industries of the province which has just elected to join hands with her Southern sisters to form the ^i eat Com mon weal1 li of Australia, I will now give same account of the preseut condition, resources, and prospects of future expansion of its agricultural industry. As, however, for reasons which will presently appear, the whole subject is such a wide one, and in my allotted space could not 'be dealt with at the length it deserves,* I propose leaving the 3ugar-growine industry out of consideration for the present. Sugar is grown to such an extent in the colony that it forms one- half of the gross agricul tural production, and would take all the upaca at my command to deal with it alone. I hope, how ever, to furnish readers of the ' Sydney Mail ' with aa account of it at no very distant date. EARL'S HISTORY. The area of Queensland is 668,497 square miles. It is larger than New South Wa'es, Victoria, Tas mania, New Zealand and the United Kingdom com bined. Extending over 18 degrees of latitude aud bisected by the tropic of Capricorn, this great ex panse of country necessarily includes many varieties of soil and climate, affording facilities for the culti vation of products natural to temperate . and tropic zones. But it is only within recent years that Queenslindera have awakened to the immense potentialities of their agricultural lauds. Hitherto the colony has been regarded only as a pastoral and mineral countrj ; it should not therefoie be a matter for surprise to find that there is not relatively as large an area under cultivation as there is in the other colonies of Australasia Yeiy little attention was paid to agriculture in the early days. At the time of separation there were only 3000 acres under cultivation, which was practically confined to the coast. The highlands beyond the mam range were supposed to be utterly unsuitable for agricultu e. The depasturing of cattle and dheep and the produc tion of wool were apparently looked upon as the only industries worthy of pursuit. The require ments of the colonists iu agricultural produce were supplied from abroad. The Darling Downs was cue unbroken eheepwalk. All attempts at cultivation there were ridiculed by the squatters, who main tained that the heavy black soil was totally unsuited for tillage. Nevertheless, afew experiments were made with wheat. Nowhere in the colony had oats or barley bsen tried ; while sugar, coffee, rice, tobacco, arrowroot had not been thought of. The small area under the plough grew only miue, potatoes, and fodder, f here was a little vegetable gardening, but fru't was a luxur} . The outbreak of the American Civil War gave a little stimulus to cultivation, owing to the scarcity of cotton. But the industry declined when the war ceased, notwithstanding that f jr seveu years— from 1867 to 1874 — a substantial bonus endeavoured to keep it on its feet. In 1870 the general cultivated area had increased to over 52,000 acres. About this time, too, various successful experiments in growing sugar-cane directed the attention of colonists to the production of sugar. This industry eventually spread from south to north, where large areas of bbe rich alluvial deposits on the low- lying coast lauds were cultivated, and very Boon sugar became the colony's piincip&l; agricultural product, a distinc tion it has ever since maintained. The first attempts at wheat growing were made on the Darling Downs, where it saori became evident that the soil was peculiarly favourable to its growth. But there were many difficulties to overcome at the beginning. The lands most suitable and moit accessible were already alienated. An agricultural reserve of small extent had been declared iu the neighbourhood of Warwick, but throughout the Downs most of the bast laiiis had beeu converted iuto freeholds by the early pioneers of the pastoral industry. Nevertheless, the year 1880 saw between ten ' and eleven thousand acres of this beautiful couutry planted with wheat. In the meantime the maize crops had been making proportionate headway. Out of a total cultivated area of 200,000 acres io 1885, 60,000 acres were growing maize, a cereal that had always been successfully growu iu Queensland, more especially iu the coast districts, in conjunction with other farming interests. Other branches of agriculture also made corresponding improvement. In 1860 a few people ne\r Bris bane and one or two at Ipswich grew a few vinei and made a little wine ; 20 years later the cultiva tioii of the grape had so increased that over 500 vineyards were in existence. In the same period the acreage uuder potxtoes rose from 300 to 4600, while that under hay of various sorts increased from a couple of hundred -tores to tens of thousands. Farmers also began to pay some little atleution to dairying, but their herds, with few exceptions, com prised only haphazard purchases from the squatters' breeding herds, until the advent of the travelling dairies, when better appliances for the handling of dairy produce were also introduced. Fruitgrowing, tco, appeared as an important item iu the list. As the people began to realise the vast arras of arable lands the colony coutained and the diversity of crops offered to the cultivator by the great variety of soils and the wide range of climates other kindB of cultivation were undertaken — coffee, tobacco, rice, arrowroot. Agriculture grew apace ; the importance of the farmer as a factor in the wealth of the c.louy became more generally under stood. His claims to separate recognition in the Government administration were advocated, and acknowledged. Up to the year 1887 he could only reach tho ear of the Government through the Lands Department, which in the administration of affairs pertaining to the colony' 3 immense pastoral interests had very little time to listen to so small a person. He was looked upon, in a measure, ati a nuisance that had to be tolerated. But iu this year a Government Department for Agii culture was created with a permanent under secre tary, the Minister for Lands still remaining the res pousiole head. Oue of the happiest effects of this arrangement was the better facilities afforded for the acquirement of agricultural lands. Three years later the department was raised to Ministerial rank, though the portfolio was still held in conjunction with that of Public Lands. Eventually, in 1896, the department obtained a separate and distinct Minis terial head, responsible to the State. The work of the past 12 years has produced excellent results. Under the tuition of the State instructors a fine class of iu. telligeut aud receptive agriculturists and horticul turists is springing up all over the land. Farmers -especially old ones- are proverbially a very con servative class. They cling tenacioudjr to old' fashioned methods, and some of their primitive idea8 are a* hard to uproot as the stumps of the old-man trees they fall in their clearings. But even on these the travelling experts are making much impression. The old order is gradually passing away. The old systems are giving place to scientific cultivation and modern labour-saving machinery. Agriculturists are beginning to take an appreciative interest iu the iu«iustry beyond their own particular spheres and in dividual interests. Confeiences, at which delegates representing the van ius farming districts of the colony, aud all the multifarious iuterests of the in dustry, meet nnd discuss matters affectiug their general welfare, aud have now become an institu tion. Tho value of these conferences has been re CDgtisedby ttie department ; the Minister, Under Secretary, scientists, and experts attend and add to the debates the b nefit of their advice and practical experience. Takiog iuto consideration all the attendant cir cumstances — the age of the colony, its immense area, aud the sparse population scattered over it— the fact that for years all sorts of absurd prejudices concerning the climate aud fears as to the hostility oi the nativss were harboured agaiust the colony, not only by people of otLer con tinents, but also by (and eveu up to the present day) residents of the other Australasian provinces, the present magnitude of the Bgiicultural production is something to wonder at. Yet theie are thou sands who believe— without knowing why ? that Queensland is not a country adapted by nature for general agriculture. Let all such endeavour to grasp the following facts : —The populati m of the whole colony i8 just on half a million souls. Accoiding to the Registrar- General's report for 1893, the colony contained only 13,556 owners of faraas of all sizes and descriptions, from oue acre upwards ; considerable more than half the number are less than 20 acres. Theae farmers possess 135,000 head of dairy cattle, Sd°2 oSroMU e* T' Dear'£ 6'50l(.°«0lb- of butter aua AOOO.OOOlb. of cheete : they owu 13), 000 pigs, and produced 7,000.0001b. or bacon and ham fh?y grew sugar-exne, from which was manufactured PLOUGHING UP NEW GROUND, DARLING DOWNS. SAMPLE OF COUNTRY OPENED UNDER A.L.P. ACT. FARMS CLEARED IN THE SCRUB, CROHAMHURST, BLACKALL RANOP 12 HORSE PLOUGH (6 FURROW), 2 HORSE DRILLER, 4 HORSE HARROW, ON DARLING DOWNS. 163,000 tons of sugar ; gr«w 600,000 bushels of wheat, 2,800,000 of roaise, and 38.000 of rice ; 70,000 tone of hay, 36,000 tons of potatoes, and 6200 tons of arrowroot ; 3300cwt. of tobacco, and 56&cwt.; of coffee : 1504000 gallous of wine ; 4,0U0,00Ulb. of grapes, 40.000,000 dozen bauauab, 460,000 dozen pineapple*, aud 1,500,000 cozen oranges, besides large quautities of otiur fruits and scores of other items. For the number and size of the farms cul tivated, I think that is a record hard to beat. Thy great rate at which the industry is expanding is shown iu the quantity of new laud brought uuder cultivation duriug the paut few years. Iu 1897 the area under cultivation exceeded that of the previous year by nearly 50,000 acres, in 532 farms of an average area of 9H acres. During 1898 new farms to the number of 198, having an average size of 116 acres were added to the previous total, bringing the aggregate cultivated area Df the colony up to 409,287 acres ; and it is anticipated that an addi tional 150,000 acres will come uudev-fcbe plough by the eni of the present year, judging by the rate of increase for the first six mouths. So far from Queensland being a country unsuitable tor geueral agriculture there is scaicely an agricultural product of any kind for which a congenial habitat may not be found iu the colony. STATE ASSISTANCE IN THE INDUSTRY. The terois and couditions on which land may be acquired as freehold or held on long leases have always been very liberal ; the Eentiment of the country and the policy of successive Administrations have tended to make them fctill more bo. During the past 30 years every alteration effected in the land laws has been ma.de with the view of affording easier and simpler conditions -to the man of small means desiious of cultivating the soil and mating his permanent home on the selection. The Government renders him every assistauce. The quality of the land offered to him raugas from fair to unsur passable, if- is cheap, and the terms of payment are easy. If a season happens to turn out bad— for such thiugs happen in every country— there were famines iu Egypt and droughts iu the land of Canaan — he is invariably given an exieusion of time for payment, markets are found for him by State-paid commercial agenrs abroad, aud by exhibiting free of cost samples of his produce at international fairs ; railways, where practicable, are run out to the agri cultural centres, aud tbe cost of transport leduced to a workiug minimum. There is a State Agricultural College to which he may send his sons to learu prac tical and scieutinc fanning-, the ou'y fee charged baing that for board. There are State experiment farms aud nurseries, the special fuuctiou of which is to discover, by practical tests, the most suitable and profitable seeds and plants for cultivation, aud, in the wide range of soils and climates to be found in Queensland, those to which they can be best adapted ; also specialists are employed by the State as travelling instructors in f aiming district?, to give, free of charge, practical demonstrations in the cul POST AND TELEGRAPH OFFICE, T00W00MBA. tivation of cereals, fruit, tobacco and coffee grow ing, wine-making, daiiyiug, &c.; ; while men of high attainments in the sciences of entomology, botany, aud bacteriology assifet the farmer, fruitgrower, planter, and dairyman in surmounting any difficul ties of propagation and cultivaticm that may hinder his progress or beset the path of tho inexperienced man in a new land. Everywhere the Department ti Agriculture is closely in touch with the Beltlers. and every biauceh of the industry is in some degree under its fostering care. It is a debatable question how far this State assistauce should go. 'Some,' as we know, contend that the State should do pretty well everything— run the industries itself, and be the universal employer ; others argue that Govern ment aid in any industry kills enterprise. But go loug as agriculturists are not taught to look upon the Government as a beneficent providence who, fo* the mere petitiouiug, will tide them over every difficulty, the work of the department must be pro ductive of good. The testimony as to the value of scientific and technical instruction in agriculture is voluminous. ' Every guilder speut in the promo tion of agricultural teaching brings back profit a hundred fold,' says the president of the Dutch Agricultural Council. ' Every franc epent in teBch ingour farmers,' the Belg an Minister ofAgiicul ture observes, ' brings a brilliant return.' The French Minister attributes the progress of agriculture iu the Republic since 1870 to ' our schools, our Drofessors, our experiment stations, and the illus trious tneu of science whom the Administration has induced to devote themselves to the Bludy of agri cultural questions.' But there are farmers and fanners. In agiiculiuie, as in every other sphere of human effoit, there are meu of varying degiees of independence, enterprise, and resource. Thereaie mm who stiidvtbeir fcurroundings.andsetto workwitatbe foreknowledge 'that patimit and intelli geut i»erseverance,a.nd a will that shall not be discouraged, must ultimately achieve success. In the lexicon of these men there is no such word as 'failure.' On the other hand, there are those wtaoBe dis positions and tempeiamentB lead them always along the lines of least resist ance'; who act as though they expected n ttural conditions to adapt themselves' to the settler's requiiemeuta— that man ought to acDinmodate himself to his surrouud in?s seems never to enter their minds. Taer are discouraged by the slightest reverse. Their mistakes are magnified into misfortunes, aud the failure of their env-going methods are attributed to in felicituus climatic or other natural causes. When it is convenient, they scratch the earth, scatter the seed, and then expect the Creator or kiudly uature to do the rest and lead them bv these short cuts to fortune ; if they do not— well, there is the Government, beaming with benevolence, WHEAT FIELD, CANNING DOWNS, WARWICK. that may be relied on to mak*« the rough way smooth. And their appetite for this State spoon nourishment is simply iusatiable. It is generally con sidered oue of the chief functions of a Governmei t to help forward the staple products of the country, and it is also a proper and praiseworthy policy, in young countries, for the ruliug powers to assifit in every reasonable aud legitimate way in establishing those agricultural industries which experience or experi ment proves would flourish on tbe soil. But in doing this theie is the danger that it may be over done, aud that iustead of inculcating the principles of self-reliance, or of co-operative efforr, ib maybe founi to predispose a great number to procrastinate in anticipation of Goyernmeut initiative in direc tions that should rightly be taken by them seiees. TheBe men are so many clogs on the wheels of the agncultuial industry. They aie not peculiar to auy particular branch ot it ; some of them are to be f juud in all. They hold back from, ana throw cold water on, the projects of more enterprising men, particularly if the project involves any special expenditure of energy or of capi tal. It was to such men as these that the Hon. J. V. Cbdlaway addressed himself when, at the last anniversary meeting of the Brisbane Chamber of Commerce, he related the following story : — Two frogs fell into a dish of cream. One of the frogs VIEWS AT WESTBROOK EXPERIMENT FARM, Bhowing Corn Crib, rrsilage Stack, Columbiup Harvester, and Tardent Kolling Platform attached to Bray. was of the despairing, helpless kind. He battled for.some time, and then omiog to the conclusion that the fates were against him, he gave up the struggle and the ghost at the same time. The other frojf vs^s a more optimistic individual. He had no idea of giving in so lunpr as he could make a fight for existence. He therefore struck out briskly, and kept going so long that at last he found himself landed high and dry on n pat of butter. He had ?worked, or rather churned, out his own salvation. To the larnier the moral is obviouB. and he may easily tind practical illustrations around him. The men who mny be teen safely landed on the pat of butter are those who did not sit down and weep over their difficulties. AGRICULTUBAL RESOURCES. The pa- toral industry is capable of considerable expansion under the system of small grazing farms encouraged by the laud laws, the futute of minii g looks undoubtedly bright, but the agricultural re sources of the colony are calculabiy greater than either. As population increases iu pastoral dis tricts grazing, to some extent, must give way to cultivation, while everv addition to the milling strength of the colony affords agriculturists, at the same time, further scope. THE DARLING DOWNS. The magnificent Darling Down? — the pnde of Queensland, the envy of others —alone contains over 3,000,000 acres ready for the plough. These famous downs, which agricultural experts, Australian and foreign, declare to be unsurpatsed for cultivation anywhere in the woild, form a tableland on the western side of the Great Dividing Range. The railway lite from Brisbane enters them at Too woomba, which lies at the top of the rangs, on the every edge of the plateau. Here the line branches westward to the great plaiue, and southward to Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide. For some 70 or 80 miles in each direction extend gently undulating open plains of rich black and chocolate soils. Low picturesque hilte, on the slopes of wheh are dense scrubs abounding; in valuable timbers, encompass these lively Downs. The Great Darliug River has its bource in the fells of the Killarney hills on the New South Wales border, and, trickling by ' mountain paths and woodland dells,' gathers strength bb it flows through tbe vale of Killaruey, and emerges on the plains below a stream of con siderable volume. Striking a nortu-west course:, and fed by numerous tributary creeks, whose banks exhibit a wonderful depth Df loamy, friable toil, the river runs roughly parallel with the Great Dividing Range, at an average distance of about 50 miles, until it reaches the town of Chinchilla on the western railway, where it turns southward do its long journey to the Great Southern Ocean. Between the river and the range lies almost the whole of the fertile land. The midland portion of the Downs is open plain, doited here and there with small patches of tcrub and clumps of heavier timber, sufficient to afford midday shade to the feheep aud cattle regaling on its pastures. Making t wards the range, the country gently undulates until beyoud the railway Hue, when it begins to roll in billowy ridges, which became bolder and bolder and follow faster and faeter as they ascend the wooded slopes to tUe summit. From north to south the hillsides are clad with valuable timber — beech, pine, blackbutt, turpeutine, cedar, honeysuckle — growing in abund ance. In 1847 the first town lot was sold at War wick, and iu 1860 Toowoomba was declared a muni cipality, with a population of about 500 souls. To day, wit hin a five-mile radius of the Toowoomba Post-olfice, there is a population of about 15,000. There are tine streets, large public buildings, schools, churches, banks, daily newspapers, and every adjunct of a thriving provincial town. Warwick is also a prosperous town ; it has 4000 inhabitants, and is surrouudsd on every side with thriving agricul tural settlements. The whole of the Downs may be said to have been exe'usively pastoral iu 1870.' Here and there were a few small farms which had sprung up under encouragement of an Agricultural Reserves Act. In tbe seventies seveial of tbe stations began to combine a little agriculture with grazing. In 1876 some land was thrown oueu foragri cultural selection ou resumed portions of some of the ruus. The demand fur farm land was so insistent in 1879 that tbe Government exchanged 40,000 acreB at Jontlaryau for '20,000 it Goomburra for the purpose of opening the latter to selection. This transaction is known as (he Allora exchange. All the land was immediately bought up at prices vary ing from £3 to £5 an acre, and in some cases it brought as high as £7. The prosperous little town of Allora. the centre of one of tbe many fine agricultural localities on the Downs, is the consequence. Under the prov isions of the Agricultural Lands Purchase Act of 1894 some 80,000 acres have been selected a3 farms ind homesteads on the foolburra, Gleugallan, West brook, Clifton, and Heading to u Hill stations on 20 years' terms of purchase from the Government, at prices ranging from £2 to £5 an acre. The proprietors of several of the stations have also sold land privately to farmeis in blocks varying from 60 to 400 ncres. On Canning Downs 20,000 acres have been disposed of in this way. Excepting a small area on the western line at Roma, the Downs grows at present the whole of the colony's wheat jieiri, th« principal centitjs being Toowoomba, War wick, AUura, Killarney, and Highfields. It also MARBURG. STACKING WHEAT. produces oue-third of the miize, and nearly naif the dry aad greeu fodder. 'I'hn number of pit's sold in the year now amounts to 20,000, for which the farmer realises 3d, to 4d a lb. live weight. There are over a score of creameries, butter, aud cheese fac tories. Mfissrf1. Deuhani aud Reid's cheese factory at Yaugan is the largest of its kiud m Australia. A c:untry establishment, it yet turns out 200 tons of cheese aunually. Altogether there are about 150,000 acres of the Darling Downs contiguous to the rail way line under cultivation. How small a portion this is the traveller ouly realises after he Las passed over some 150 miles of these ''onus, and noted here and there the landscape dotted with small c'us ters of farms, with miles upon miles of equally rich laud in between. As the train rushes him over these ideal pastures, now past r few farmhouses and fields of waving wheat, and tben across 15 or 20 miles of unbroken grass paddocks, the thought natu - rally arises that here is laud sufficient to supply all Australia with bread ; 150,000 acres tilled, but three million acres innocent of the plough — an arta equal to the whole of the cultivated laud in Victoria. THE CENTRAL QUEENSLAND WHEAT BELT. Travellers have gi»'en such glowing accounts of he Darling Downs that outside Queensland the agricultural possibilities of the calony would sesm to be limited to this favoured rsgiou aud the scrub lands on the northern rivers. But this iiupre^si jn is veryfuxfrombeiugcorrect. Queensland pj&sessesother; tracts of country the iuhereut fertility of which is quite equal to, and thu extent even greater than, the famous Downs. The Baxco ?, Thompson, Diaman uua, and other rivers iu the Central Division of the colony draiu large areas of r ch, healthy black- soil downs iu no way iuferior to the country through which flows tue Coudamine. Broken only by the seve al watersheds, this area of lich country runs northward into the basin of the Fliaders River. One may travel north and 8)uth, east aud west, for hun. dreds of miles without scarcely ever leaving this black, fertile soil. There is so much of it that the Dar.iug Downs, so to speak, might be put into it aud — lost. Moreover, the whole of it roughly coincides with the artesian water-bearing area of ctntral aud we&teiu; Queensland. Already hundreds jf wells pour out an apparently everlasting 6upply of hun dreds of millions of gallons daily. The facilities which these artesian bores afford to agricultural da velcptnent in the more central aud vt estern parts of the colony are immense. Maize, wheat, lucerne could be growu in any quantity. Three trunk Hues of railway from the coast have the'r western ter mini in tbi9 country, which is for the most part levnl plain or gently rolling downs. Tbe pastoral townships of Tambo, B'ackall, Iwsford, Longreach, Winton, Aratnac. Muttaburra, Hughenden, Richmond, ani Cloncuiry dot this richly endowed region at intervals of from 80 to 150 milt 8. THE PEAK DOWNS. Another portion of the colony specially favoured by nature in th' Peak Downs, due west from R' ck hampton. Enclose between spurs of the main range— the Drummnnd Range on the west, and the Expedition aud Peak Rangesou the east forming the bouudaiits— the district; is fitted in every way to stand in tbe same agricultural relation t' the central division of th« colony that the D t.rling Powns -lo to the southern. The soil, like thnt of the latter, is of the rich, black, volo.nic kind : in small ways it has yielded splendid agricultural fjrowths. Theciuntry is chiefly ODen aud unduluting ; as grazing land it is Buperb. The Darling Downs district possesses ore considerable advantage over these more we-terly lands in its convenient situition to the most populous pait of the colony, but m tbe near future when Queensland becomes, as it surely must, a large exporter of all kinds of agricultural nroducj, this advantage to a groat extent will disappear. The western plains and the Peak Downe aie eminently suitable for cereal-culture, more especially wheat-growing in large areas. Wheat, as far as it has been tried, does admirably in the west, anu as it is a grain which does not require a great amount of moisture, in ordinary seasons it should yield excellent returns ; the great depth of loamy soil should euable it to see a dry &easou; through with very little loss. There is an impression among a considerable number of people that this western country is too dry to piofitably grow wheat, but this theory, like many others c ncerning Queensland, is being surely, if slowly, exploded. That it is liable to considerable variations iu the rainfall is undeniable, but what part of Austral a, or, indeed, of any country, does not experience occasional droughts ? Drought is purely a comparative term in its relation to agricultural pursuits. A splendid season for the wheat-grower might be a poor one for his neighbour growing maize, aud a dry spell which might shrivel up tho natural grass would not necessarily seriously affect a deeper rcotmg plant. But let us look at the actual recorded ruin iall throughout the belt of country iu West Queenslaud, including the Peak Downs, which is claimed by many to be as naturally suitable for wheat-growing as the moresouthera Darling Downs. The records are furnished by the Water Supply Department, ana are taken from a map compiled by the hydraulic engineer, showiug by coloured ciicles drawn to scale the distribution of tbe rainfall throughout the col any. Starting from the Lower Fiiuderd River in the north, aud coming down throuarh the ceutre of the colony to the southern border, theie is scarcely any diflh rerce in the t-izes of the circles, and one wouid be justified m the general statement that throughout that poition of the c ilouy the rainfall is fanly evenly distributed. From the number of meteorological stations shown on next p:ige I have selected tbe following list as being the most important, aud at the same tima most evenly distant. It shows the names of the stations at which the records were taken, the number of years over w! ich the records exteud, the mean animal raiu fall, and tbe average number of wet days in eich year for the whole of the recorded period. It will be observed that throughout the ceutre of the colony the fall averages something over'23 inches per annum, and the number of days the fall is spiead over 50. Practical wheat growers say that a crop needs at tbe most only three goo'l soakiug rams— one when tne seed ia planted, another a month or so afterwards, and the thii el when the crop is about half grown. So that Td inches of rain a year on rich heavy black soil j3 ample-if , of couree.it falls at the rght time, but that is a initter that even the De partment of Agriculture cannot control, not though it be assistei by the presiding geuius it ihe Busbane weather bureau. The principal wheat-growing dis trict in the colony is Warwick, in the southern divi sion of the Darling Dowus ; its rainfall is shown for the purpose of comparison, and although it occa sionally has a dry season to remind it that it is yet one remove from paradise, it is well-known that the average amouut of moisture it receives is consid erably more thau the whi at farmer requires, as a rule.' The four stations ou the Peak Downs sue iu a line from north to south over a distance of 200 mi'es, which is annually covered by lain only one mch less than Warwick, and as the mean annual temperature of the former is somewhat higher than that of the latter, it seems probable that, if Warwick gets just a little too much rain for wheat as a gene ral ruie, tue Paak Dowus pluvial suppiy is just about the thing devoutly to be wished. It is not communicating any secret to say that more than one of the agricultural ex(ieits connected with the de partment, including him whoEe special proviu.ee it is pjf?°17allabo'*yh|ttt.»»-»*«»eopiiii,n that the Peak Downs will be found to be the better of the ?S,*'™ heat-producinu land, though it will fall mX w°theVam^nykiud90f W-, such as maize potatoes, &c.; Dariing Downers, doubtless, will consider this rank heresy. At anv rate the above statisfes should prett/ effectively dnposo oi objections urged agair.-st either the Peak Downs, or the wheat z me further west, on the scoi -3 of rainfall. The wonderful richness of the soil no une will ,'eny who has ever seen it, and it needs no sift of nrn HARVEST TIME, DARLING DOWNS, BETWEEN WARWICK AND KILLARNEY. REAPER AND BINDER. ON THE RAILWAY LINE, WARWICK TO KILLARNEY. HUSKING AND SHELLING MAIZE BY STEAM APFTJAKruK phecy or prevision to forecast tbat theBe western lands must one day become the great granary of Ihe southern hemisphere. liAlNFALL, IN THE WHEAT BELT OF QUEENS LAND FROM NORTH TO SOUTH. No. of years Mean annual Aver. No, Central Station— recorded. rainfall ot wetday-. in inches. Manfred Downs ... iO ... 23 45 ... 54 Jiicnm nd Down* .. 7 ... 2T82 ... 57 Bughenden .. 12 ... 2263 .. 52 Manuka ? 10 ... 23-69 ... 45 Macl-inlaj- ? 10 . 22*1 ... 43 'Winton ' ? 13 .. J814 ... 43 Muttaburra .. 12 ... 22:» ... 47 Bowen Downs ... 8 ... 24*76 ... 52 Aramac ? 1-' ... 20-01 ... 46 LiOnffre'ich ? 4 ... 25-79 ... 40 Jsisford ? 12 .. 23*ii9 .. 46 Blackall ? 17 ... 2o'34 . 50 Tambo ? 11 ... 27-jis .. 5S lioraa ... 13 ... 28 33 . . (55 Surat ? 16 ... 2U-2-S ... 5!) St. George ? ]t- ... 24 09 ... 53 Peak Dowds — Avn Downs .. S ... 29'48 ... 74 Cleimont ... 2-- . . 20 52 ... 80 Emerald ? 14 ... 2R-02 ... OS Sprinssure ... 20 ... 27'(il ... (-2 Dulling1 Dnwns— Warwick ? 32 ... 2!T04 ... 78 THE MAIZE BELT. But the western downs und plains by no mrnns exhaust the agricultural resources of the colony. Parallel with the Great Dividing Range is the coast range. Between the two there is a stretch of country varying m wid h frf m 50 to 2.50 mileR. It is now hecrming the cus-timto describe this strip as the great maize belt of Australia — not for the quantity of maize it pinduces at present, but because of the eptciil facilities it affords in tie matter of ?oil and rainfali for its cultivation. Throughout i!s whole length it is watered by huge river systems, which break through ti e coast range and find their way to the sea. Most of the best kuowii Queensland cattle runs are in this great maize belt. ' The general character of the country from north to south is similar to the more ptjsu'ous and cultivated Moretou district. The trunk railway lines ircm Rockhampton and Townsville pass through it to the Great Western Plains. Within easy access of these railways, on the Iroutages of Ihe numeious rivrre and creeks, are arable lands particularly suitable for the culti vation of maize. The rainfall is ample ; there is practically no winter, the seasons are a con tinuous succession of sprng, summer, and autumn. Two crops of maize can bn takeu off in the year aB a rule Occasionally, there may be dry seasons in pait's when this wtuW not he the cafe. But in the northwn portion - f the mnize bolt there is no Bucn thing as a dry seasou. On the Herbertou table land the average aunualfall is nOin., and U-e average of all th? recorded maize returns is 46 lulu-.lsi.fr acie. 1 be maikets for maize aid dry and gie«u fodder crops are extending. 'Ihe mining aud sugar districts of North Queensland are at present sup plied from the south ; but there is no doubt that \he whole of the northern requirements iu this respect will be 6-on growu m the nor'h. Between the coast range and the sea there is an other description of agricultural iau-l— the rich allu vial deposits where sugar has made its borne, from the Southern border to Cooktown in the north. On the northern seaboard the valleys of the many rivers contain large areas of the richest scrub soils, which have been proved (o possess wonderful fertility, while tie more open forest land is also of firM;-c!as8 quality. The abundant and regular rjiufall favauis all f ojihs of sub-tropicsi! cultivation, Sugar is the staple article of production, aud the area is yearly extending. Bananas and other fruits are grown in considerable qxiauti'ies ; the cultivation o coffee and rice up to the present leaves uo roc m for duubt as to the bright prospecis of both in the near future ; experiments in tobacco culture have proved most successful ; the ubiquitous maize is an astoni-hiuglv prolific crop. But outtirte sugar-growing there is only a small area cf these rich lands under cultiva tion. The thousands of acres of virgin soil are awair iug the adveut cf the axe and plough of the settler. MORETON DISrRICT. So far I have dealt more with the undeveloped agricultural lands than with that portion of the c untry which has undergone mast improvement. With the exception of the great sugnr districts of Bundaberg, Mackay, Cairns, and Geraldton, the bulk of the cultivated land is in the south-eastern corner of the colony — the district of Moreton and the ea6tem fringe of the Darling Downs (already referred fo) in the vicinity of the southern railway. Moreton comprises all the laud between the Dar ling Downs aud tbe sea, anJ includes the valleys of the Brisbane, Logan, and Albert rivers, besides other small sr streams. It is by far tbe most clr sely settled portion of the colony. It contains tbe capital city, Brisbane, with a population of 100,000, and the coal-mining and manufacturing town of Ipswich. The Southern and Western railway, starting from Bris- - bane, runs through tbe cen1 re cf the district. The Noith Coast line connects 1 he famous mining town of Gympie, and the ports of Maryborough, Bundaberg, and Gladstone. The South Coatt railway terminates near the New South Wales border. At Ipswich two lines branch oft' - one south and one north-west — taj piog impoitant and growing agricultural centres. These facil ties give the Moreton agriculturist ad vantages which are more or less wanting at present in the less populous parts of the colony. The climate is, perhaps, the most equable in all Australia. For nine months of the year it is almost perfect. The rainfall varies from 30in. in the western part to 56in. on the sea coast, distributed over 100 to 130 wet days. The land is much diversified in character and conformation— low ranges of hills altern ithig with deep well-wooded valleys, scrub-clad spurs, heavy and light timbered forest, and small opeu plains. Tie .T. P. Orr, F. C. 'VVilip, A. H- Benson, E. S. Nevill, H. Newport, A. J. Boyd, Chipf Cle-k, Artist ar.d Inrtructor in Instruct or in C. J. Pound, Jnstrurtor in Editor Queensland ftnek Department. T botogrspber. Fruit Culture. Tol acco ( ulture. B; ctcriologist. C- ffee Culture. Agricultural Journal. W. Soutter P. n. Gordon, V.. G. E 'Sriiic, T. R Hainford, Tfenrj- Tryon, Inspector of State Kxperiment - hief Inspector Chief Llerk, Department Viticulturist. Entomologist. Farms. of Stoeu of Agriculture. SOME OF THE PRINCIPAL OFFICERS, QUEENSLAND AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT. THRESHING WHEAT, DARLING DOWNS. ORANGERY, PEACHESTER, MORETON DISTRICT. SELECTOR'S HOMESTEAD, PIMPAMA, MORETON. CROSS' FARM, GATTON. ROMA-STREET PRODUCE MARKET, BRISBANE. . MR. PETER M'LEAN, UNDER SECRETARY. WHEAT GBOWX AT EMERALD, PEAK DOWNS -XATURAL SIZE. windings of the livers and creeks form lich alluvial pockets, where heavy crops of maize, lucerne, pota toes, and other agricultural produce are obtained ; Dn tlie higher land the dairy herds are grazed and station st ck bred and ftittfiied. It may be taken as a general rule throughout Moretoii that the land now fanned lias all had tc be cleared. Iu places it was originally very heavily timbered, t-ut the fore-t flatB of boxwood, gums, and blood wood have been de nuded, and the irouhark and apple-tree which clothed the rolling ridges have vanished be fore the axe of the settler. Many of the comfortable homesteads thp traveller tD-day views from the pass ing train are the sites of former dense scrubs through wbich the line !»ad to make its way. These ar^ t&e; scenes of the early labours of the Queensland agri cultural pioneers — Ihe ' ccckatno farmers,'' as they are now sometimes derisively styled. Iu these days of scientific farming, State-paid instructors, six and ten furrow ploughs, and all the other improved machinery pressed into the service of the agriculturist, we are apt to underestimate the stupendous tasks the old farmers undertook. Though s^me of tberu still adhere to old-fashioned farming methods, and, like old dogs, decline to be laught new tricks, we should nevertheless bear in mind the valuable service they rendered the colony in helping to lay the foundations of the present agricultural prosperity. ? They were the met; who ' proved the Jsnd ' — under all mauufr of adverse circums-tuuees. Many of them, with only a few of the most neces sary implements and a short supply of rations, went out into the wilderness, cleared forest and scrub — often with (he help of their wives and young chil dren — dwelt in bark huts, ma.de fresh meat of the kangaroos and wallabies that attacked their young crops and the cockatoos that hovered about their coru patches, and theu had to cart their produce over miles of rough rnad to get it to market. To day the Moreton farmer has the railway near his door. The country is dotted with thriving town ships, from which the storekeeper and butcher and baker make their daily rounds. He has farming neighbours all arouud him ; ii his hunt: is Dn the HARVEST TIME, KILLARNEY, DARLING DOWNS. d£». „ r«.™ -E' il?!''011? 1he 'lst r'al P™*« « Mnrot..,., like those on tl.e Darin,, — — wuu, uuujv, uiuci idvuureu. parts conveited the richest portions of Ihnr runs into freeholds. A Land Act passed iu I860, wlncb provided for general settlement, set apart, reserves if especially good agricul tural lands. As the population increased and the opportunities for the agricultuiist became more eucoui aging, these reserves were m time absorbed, and then a demand ►et in for agricultural farms on the pus toral freeholds where these were favour ably located. Some few of the pasloralMs cut up portions of their estates and sold to taimers but, as a rule, the large landed proprietor did not favour piecemeal sales I he. Government now provides f.,r ihe demand for conveniently-situated farm ._ — „ ... juviciuu uy applying tlie or ;vi sions of the Agricultural Lauds Purchase Act to the district. The whole of the Crown lands in Moreton aie available for selection, .-ither M.n'Ti1'™1 fBrir8 or homegieads. tKfrt. the areas are so lichly limbered that the value of the loes. deliv«rBri »t ti.= newest railwayBtat.cn, would well cover the cost of clearing the land The proximity of Brisbane and other large centres of population, the facilities which a fine seaport and well served lims of coastal steamers afford for the convey ance of produce to the central and north.™ K- 7 ' atuially made Moreton tl.e Although many of the farmers have a pnucipal crop, such „ m uotut!^ hay aetermined by the locality and par-' ocular ,,alu,e of the faro, land, as a general rule the farmers now aim at cult - Iftend'in^ IT** °f ? pr°d';te b^ attending to p-.g-ra,Sing and dairying nf VhP ;f ? le Penodical iusptction ' 1 vered^Tr'/116 Valchf*™ beiTg de truck, r famer8 oa the rail^y SrOverrh^aTnf8 F* E°W ^''blished Of their m»k * ^^ theV CaD dls^0^ There is considerable farming marke' i gardening and fruit-growing near Bris-1 bane and Ioswich. Ou the South rf ^he location of one of the central sugar mills. In tne wsstern part of Moretou thl townships of Gatton, Lidlev, Rosewood Marburg, Esk, Harrisville, Boon h anrt' Dugandan are all centres of thriven I agncultural localities. They an- -.1 I g ' oected by nil with Br!£e a ££ 6 populations ranging fr. m 200 to 700 1 Btrate the prosperous endition of ™he'e «HEAT GROWN AT EMERALD, PEAK DOWNS. rural townships. One cannot visit the annual shows held in all the centres, note the quility of the produce exhibited, and talk with the farmers without receiving the impression that the lines of the Moretou agriculturist have been cast in pleasant plices. The old settlers talk freely of their eaily difficulties ; (Ley are equally communicative re garding their subsequent success. With many of them it was very hard up-hill work at the com mencement, but they all seem now to be enjoying a comfortable competence. One tells you his potato crop alone brings him in an average of £150 a year. Another that he has a 20-acre paddock of lucerne which has returned him 180 toiia a year fir the last five yeara, and that he has sold it at an average puce of £2 a ton. His neighbour has a much larger ftrea under the crop, and forwards about 12 tons of chaff a week to Townsville and other northern parts at an average price of £3 a ton. The manager of one of the large central cieameiies told me that he pays one dairy farmer an average of £43 a month for his milk, and that £20 a month is a common account. . It is curious to note how in many places the far. iners seem to have arranged themselves in groups . according to nationality. This is doubtless traceable to tbe first settlers inducing (heir relatives and friends iu the old land to come to try their fortune in the same place. In one locality it will be ob served the farmers are mostly English' : a few miles further on there is a group iiom the Emerald Isle * while in. another direction volumes of 'Bobbie Burns ' will be found on tho bookshelves. Here and there, orie will find Email olonies where the health of the Kaiser is drunk— in milk ; and hard by mem bers of thrifty, industrious, and prospeiing workers hailing from Denmark. Most of the Germans and Danes settled on scrublands, where tbe woik ot clear ing off the timber called forth the exercise jf much patient indusliy. Some brought with them from their Dative land considerable agricultural and dairying experience. Others compensated for their want of knowledge by greater industry and persever . ance. Their holdings are now either freehold or are in process of conversion t - that title, and in Eeveral instances the owners have been able to add to the original area by the purchase of adjoining lands. The Danes take naturally to dairying, and some of them are getting together very fiue herds. To meet these natura'ised subjects of her Majesty driving about the country roads, in substantially- built waggons, and behind lattlmg paiis of horees, and to remember that nearly all of them arrived in the colony with very slender purses, one cannot escape the reflection that they are immeasurably better circumstanced than they could ever have hoped to be in the land of their 'nativity. Some of the oldest settlers who have acquired an independence, and can now take life easy, have rented their farms to men desirous of avoiding the iuitial difficulties of unim proved land. Such is Mr. John Jones, of Wivenhoe Pocket, near Fernvale, whose residence is here il lustrated, as typical of scores of Moreton homes. Mr. Jones 18 a Herfordshire faimei, who came to \- Queensland 33 years ago. He owns 300 acres of rich laud on the Brisbane River, about 20 miles above Ipswich. He never at any time farmed more than 50 acres, the rest beiug devoted to grazing. He cultivated his land carefully, and, he says, never got loss than a yield of 30 bushels of maize to the acre. Mr. Joues says that ' if struggling farmers in the oil country only knew the chances of success to be met with in Queensland they would come out iu hundreds.' The Moreton agricultural farms have considerably improved in value during late years. Some that were originiilly selected at 2s 6d an acre, are now worth from £6 to £20, and it is doubtful if many of the farmers on the river and creek frontages near railway communi cation could be induced to accept the latter price, especially as unimproved land similarly situated will now fetch from £3 to £5 an acre. It will therefore be inferred that if the Moreton man can afford to hold land saleable at £20 an acre he must find farming a pretty profitable undertaking. A. retrospect of the operations in the agricultural districts (luring the past few years will convince anyone not hopelessly prejudiced of the bright pro mise of the future. To avoid confusion, and needless iteration, it will be well to review the matter under the heads of the various products, instead of under the heads of districts, for such is the generous nature of the clime and soil that many articles are produced under considerably diverae condition?. Maize, for example, grows equally well on the coast, on the tablelands further back, and in the tropical scrubs of the north ; bananas, pineapples, and other fruits, seem to thrive just as well in the. south as in tbe notth. To this more or less indiscriminate distribu tion of crops — an almost unavoidable circumstance in young agricultural communities — may be ascribed one reason why they b1iow a less average yield for the whole colony than they do for the principal dis tricts in which they are grown. No one could ex pect Euplish potatoes to yield well in the far north ; nevertheless there are hundreds of acres under this crop north of the tropic line. The following return shows the area of land under different ciops during the yeBr 1898 : — Area. Crap. Acres. Gross Yield. Grain, wheat ? 46,219 ... 607,012 bushels „ oats ? 271 ... 4.047 ,, Bailey, malting ... 1,953 .. 26,917 „ ., other ... 991 ... 7,«18 Msize ? 102.&35 ... 2,252,481 Bye ? 299 ... 3,874 „ Rice ? 863 ... 38,133 Potatoes, English ... 7,931 ... 16,413 tons „ sweet ... 3,696 ... 20.069 „ Arrowroot ? 455 .. 6.116 „ Tobacco ? 617 ... 3,276 cwt. Coffee ? 432 ... 56,582 lb. Pumpkins ? 7,604 ... 23,870 tons Hnv, wheat en ... 2,664 ... 2,424 ,, „ oaten ... 9,358 ... 16,169 ,, , barley ... 152 ... 249 „ rye ... 483 ... 871 „ lucerne ... 20,095 ... 46,213 ,, panicum ... 2,411 ... 4408 ,, ,, other grasses.. 100 ... 211 „ Lucerne and other gr*en forage ... 26.980 Grape Vines ... 1,727 ... 4,116,218 lb. Bananas ? 5,261 ... 46.547,090 dozen Fineapplcs ? 1,130 .. 462,752 ? Oranges ? 2,272 ... 1,527,169 ,. Other crops ? 1,615 Gardens and orchards 3,501 WHEAT. If tae wheat industry in Queenshnd be dated from the first experimental attempts, it may be said to be a fairly old one — »b old as tbe colony, in fact. Iu what part it was f rat grown is a point on which opinion is diviied, but which matters little. It is. however, known that the first tentative plots on the Darling 'Downs were cultivated near Warwick, on Toolbuna bheep run, bef--ie sepaiation. The first flour mill was put up at Ipswich iu the early sixtie?, LILYBANK PINEAPPLE PLANTATION, CAIRNS. P. BECK'S VINEYARD, ROMA. MT. GRAHAM COFFEE PLANTATION, RUSSELL KIVER, CAIRNS. TOWN HALL, WARWICK. but immediately afterwards a mill of the then most modern t pe was erected iu Warwick by Messrs. Charles Claik aud Co., who, with the late Mr. Jeff ries and the late Mr. James MorgaD, were amoug the wheat-growing pioneers. But wheat- growiug pro gressed very slowly. There was a prejudice against Queensland-made flour which is bard to account for, considering the fact that grain grown in the War wick district was exhibited at the Paris Exposition of 1867 and wou a certificate of ' highly com mended.*1 There is little doubt that the bias ori ginated in the belief of the Downs i-quattere that the country wbs totally unfitted for agriculture. Wiitiug on this subject in the ' Queensland Agricul tural Journal,' some time aga, a well-known agri culturist says : — ' Theie~was a time when it was part of the squatters' creed that cultivation on these downs was madness. Indeed, one squatter said to me mmy years ag'. whilst showing me over 01 e of his splendid stations between Toowcomba and War wick, ' Look here, sir, £ will give 200 acres of that land to any farmer who likes to try it. I will fence it for him, and supply him with horses, implements, and seed. Iu two years, 6ir, that mun will come to me and say, ' I give in, Mr. ? . It's no use try ing to farm }n the Downs. The land won't grow a cabbage.' ' How the times have changed ! What a rush there would be to 'Queensland if such offers were made to-day ' Early in the seventies the millers set themselves resolutely to ombat the prejudice agaibst local grown whrat, and succeeded m producing a quilily of flour which gradually came to be acknowledged as equal to any that could be imported from the other colonies. In the eari'er years of the industry crop failures were frequent, owing to the preEeuce of rust ; many kinds of wheat were grown — W hite Lammas. Purple Straws, Defiance, and many others, which weie la'e crops, and more or less liable to the disease ; but just aw the general deterioration in the wheats was beginning to look serious, a ntw variety (which (-rgiiially came from California) was introduced from New South Wales. It was fiist distributed in the Allot a district of the Darling Downs, and, by reason of its uaturiug very early in the season, came to be known as Allora Sprinsr. It IB a quick growing plant, suits both wet and diy season;), aud escapes the rust by ripening before that enemy of the farmer can put in an appearance. It grows well iu any part of the colony it his been tried in. but it has the faults of shedding too freely in the field if not cut immediately it ripens, a nd of being a little too soft for milling ' by itself, though it mixes excellently with good, hard, late wheats. It is nndersuch circumstances as these that the woik of the Department of Agriculture is seen at its best. At the State Farm at Hermitage (Warwick), West brook (Toowoomba), and Gindie (Emerald), experi ments are belt g made with some 500 to COO varieties of wheat to discover those most suitable to the various districts and moBt profitable to the farmer. A process of selection of the best grains of each succeeding crop is being continued from season to season, just as a stock- raider wruld select hiB t est animals to biaed from. Over SO stud blocks of wheat are growing this season, every grain of which was hand-picked from last year'is growth. The aim of the department is to cultivate a wheat that will b 3. rich in gluten, and a mid-season, rust-resisting, aud good milling grain. With this object, Mr. Soutler, the Supe - interment of State Farms, is conducting experiments in cross- breeding with various qualities and characters of grain. It is confidently exppcted that the detired article will be produced before long. The experience of the State farms so far is that a wheat named Marshall's No. 3 is the must suitable for the Darling Downs. It is a good milling wheat, is almost entirely free from rust, and does not shell in the field. Last year the department distributed over 500 bushels of it for seed among the farmers, nearly all of whom have some growing Another good whe;it is Budd's Early, introduced by the Under-Secretary, Mr. Peter M'Leau, some years ago. It is anticipated by many of the most ex perienced millerB and growers that Budd's Early will be one of the wheats most in favour in the future with Queensland growers. But as Allora Spring is a wheat that is always first id the market, it will doubtless remain for a long time the favourite of many of the old fanners, probably until the superiority of others have been indubitably demon strated. Although Queensland produces by far the most prolific wheat crops in Australia, as yet not one fourth of the quantity required for home consump tion is grrwn. Putting the present population down at r)00,000, and estimating the consumption per head at 8 bushels jjer annum, the amount required for the colony is 4,000,000 bushels. Last year the whole crop was only something over 600,000 bushels, but it must be said that the season was unpropitious for a heavy yield. A lot of the wheat sown did not germinate until late in the season, necessitating ita being cut for hay. It is, however, anticipated that the gross yield of the coming harvest will be nearly three times the quantity of last season. The War wick and IKiIlarney portions of tho Darlir-g Downs turnished about one-half of the crop of 1898 Too woomba about one-fifth, and Allow, Highfields, and other parts of the tableland the remainder. That the colony will not only soonsupplyallitsovm breadstuffs but develop into au exporter as well, there is verr evidence. The area cultivated for wheat is iocreaZ niirtpiV!. gfeat^ ^'^nthe total area brought under tillage. *ew districts are being opened ud to agriculture, where wheat must take a nrominJS place. At the hea.l of tbe Bu^tt EimT, ?hB neighbourhood of Nanango, it has madea Ss tw. Spisassasii tures illustrating this article shows a natural «™ sample of this particular crop. Seventy 22 ™ the other colonies is SeSug C 1' /T Still, the average is nothing lfk0 ZTt iZ^T' aud uothinc like what it wfr be when m rfg 1° *** ing methods have become mo^SST ' **''' The average yield ^ acre ««f- ^ ^ VIEW OF BRISBANE FROM BO WEN TERRACE. LATDLEY RAILWAY STATION, CORN DAY. IMMIGRATION BUILDINGS, BRISBANE. CHEREY OECHABD, BALLANDEAN, NEAE STANTHOEPE (HOGGAN'S OECHARDj. CHEESE FACTORY, YAXGAN, DARLING DOWNS, STRAWBERRY PICKING, BLACKALL RANGE, LOADING PINEAPPLES FOR MARKET. BANANA GROVE. BOONAH (MORETON) AGRICULTURAL TOWN. DWYER'S FARM, GATTON.--HA.RVESTING LUCERNE. A PINEAPPLE PLANTATION. ATTOW'S PINEAPPLE PLANTATION NEAR BRISBANE. BASSETT'S VINEYARD, ROMA. in Queen g] an dd dunue tbe past 10 years is 10*32 but-bels ; in South Austialitt, 6 bushels; in Victoria 9 bushels; in New (South Wales 9 buBbels : iu West Australia 11 bushels. The average for all Australia i6 8 bushels, or just half of that for Queensland. But tbe Queensland average compares even better than it is shown here, because in the other cc lories it has not been the practice to include iu the calculation of averages the land sown, but which failed to genrinate owiug to want of seasonable rain, whereas in Queensland all such land has been taken iuto account, thereby making tie yield of tbe harvested laud appear lighter than it really is. It is but fair to add that tbe averages for New Zealaud and Tasmauian wheat crops exceed that of Queensland, but in those colonies cultivation Las been conducted on much better lines. Not until quite recently bus agriculture been practised in Queemiundon any recognised Fcientitic principles. Year after year farmers planted tie s'ime crop on the same land without any thought to the gradually impoverishing process. Nothing but the extreme fertility of the soil could have saved them from the ruin which inevitably follows such an action. Only soil of wonderful fecundity could have withstood such a drain on its sources of nutrition, for artificial fertilising is almost unkoown in Queensland. But on tbe very rich downs country it seems well Digb impossible to exhaust the soil, which varies in depth from 6ft to 60f r. All that the farmers do to refresh the eoil is to occasionally plough - a few inches deeper. Th^y practise rotation of cr- ps on tbe Downs in this way : — If, say, the wheat crop is harvested early, ana the weather suits, the same land is immediately eowu with maize, and that crop is taken off before the wheat sowing comes round ap-mn. ? Writing to me laBt month on this subject, Mr. Timoth) Murphy, of Swan Creek, one of the old settlers on the Darling Downs, says :— ' I ha?e been cultivating some of my land continuously since 1865 (sometimes two crops a year from the 8a me ground) without the use of fertilisers of any kind, and I am now convinced that the said land is as gcod aB ever it wjb. Of course it requires care in the matter of checking the growth of weeds. &c.; I bave'eome to the conclusion that an occasional dry season is beneficial to tbe land, reclaiming it in a manner and acting the part of the various fertilisers u'ed iu the old countnep. I could give you much hearsay evidence in the matter of heavy yields on the Downs, but I shall only state my own ex perience. I have from time to time threshed from 30 to 40 busbelB of wheat to the acre, but in the year 1897 I threshed 50J bushels per acre, and at the same time I got 470 bushels of malting barley from a 12-acre plot, nearly 40 bushels average.' Con cerning other crops, he adds : — ' Lucerne is a heavy cropper here. 1 usually get four to five cuttings a year, and in several instances I have got six cuttings of about U ton per acre each cutting. I find tbe English potato also a heavy yie'.der, but it is heaviest on tbe scrub lands, where there is often up to 10 tons to tbe acre.' That wheat-growing on the Darling Downs is profitable, especially in conjunction withotuer crops, there is no question. I jould mention a score of inetanceb of men who have started with nothing but their labour, and who are now well on tbe way to independence. One must suffice for tbe present purpose : Mr. Michael Bishop, of Hermitage, near Warwick, started a few years ago by renting CO acres on Canning Downs Estate. He began without any capital or plant ; but be had a large strck of energy, and a strong faith in his ability to succeed where others had done so. He hired the neces sary implements and horses from the proprietors of the estate, and in the first Beason got 50 acres under crop. These are tbe results of his first four years' work :— ? Yield. Price. Result. Cereal. Sacks. Bushel. £ s. d. ™ t v«m - Maize — 350 .. 2s 9d ... 192 10 0 *lr,t lear... j 'wheat ... 60 ... 4s 6d ... 45 0 O c jv« ) Maize ... 75 ... Is 8d ... 25 0 0 SeeondYearj Wheat ... 350 ... ^ gd ... 326 13 4 T.. ._„,. I Make .. 50 ... NoBecord* 83 13 4 ThiraYear.. J Wheat ... 540 ... 4s 6d ... 486 0 0 . tourtmearj 'Wheat; .. 410 ... 2s 9d ... 225 10 0 Total ? ... ... £1,564 6 0 ?Say Is 8d. It will be Been that his income from the 60 acres was nearly £400 a year for the four years, out of which he bad to pay rent and hire of implements. He then purchased 200 acres of bind from the pro prietor of the estate on seven yean' terms, paying down £200 iu cash. He ploughed and sowed 50 acres of this land, which ia the first year gave him 410 sacks of wheat at 2s 9d a bushel, and 80 sacks of maize at 3s 13, nltogether £2'5 10s. Besides this he had various other farm products for domestic re quirements. At the present lime he has paid £1 an acre on his purchase iu advance of his terms, aud has money iu the bank to meet all othei engage ments. He has built and furnished n house, kept his family comfortably, and nil his live stock aud farm implements, which are of the beet description, are clear of debt. Naturally he is very pleased with the result of his operations up to the present time. Mr. Bishop is modest a- d unassuming, aud it was only after some demur that be consented to the pub lication of these details, for, as he remarked, his case is not a solitary one, othera having done quite as well For the following extract relating to the experience of another new farmer at the other end of the Downs, from Mr. Bishop, I am indebted to the ' Toowoomba Chronicle ' of December last :— ' A well-known farmer in this disirict called at this office and showed ub a cheque for £646, which he had just rfceived for a portion of this season's crop. Some five years ago this f aimer purchased the laud he is at present cultivating, and which then foimed part of one of the Downs shrepwalkp, for £3 5s an acre. He fenced it, built a residence, and the Brat vear, with only thb labour of himself and sons hb placed 62 acres under wheat, with the result that hfi obtained a yield of 455 bagp. The second year he had ihe pome area under wheat, but encountering an exceptionally dry season only 37 acres mututed, yielding 100 bags. But not discouraged, he placed an ii.creaBi-'d arc* under cultivation a third year, and 80 acres returned him 512 bags. The fourih year, namely, the Beason just ended, he put 110 acres un det wheat, which returned the magnificent yield of 800 bags. Of this he sold 756 bags this week, and yesterday received bis cheque for £645. Outside his sons he employs no labour, and in addition to wheat gnwing carries on dairying to such an extent that bii weekly sale of butter alone brinps in more than sufficient to meet all the current expenses of himself and family. Thus, in four years, tbis Downs farmer, on land which has hitherto only carried a certain number of sheep to the acre for the squatter, not only made a comfortable living out of dairying from about 200 acres, but grew 1867 Dags of wheat off, say, 100 acreB of land, which ccmt £3 5s per acre. And this is taking bad aud good seasons together.' A new and somewhat novel practice of putting into cultivation some of tbe available wheat lands of tbe Downs has lately been coming into vogue. There has been for some little time a disposition on the part of Ihe landholders to cut up parts of their properties into furniB and lease them on the profit-sharing system. The system is in favour in. New Zealand, and the idea is not new to other parts of Australia. From among a number of iu stances of how the arrange ment has worked ou the Darling Downs, I shall only quote one. It ia taken from the ' Queensland Agri cultural Journal.' Beferiiug to the system, it says : — ' For instance, we know of one case in the Warwick district in which a landed proprietor ran a 70-acre farm on shares with a farmer. The owner found the land, some farm implements, such as ploughs, harrows, &c;, and three horees. The work ing partner provided seed and all other necessaries. When a division was made at the end of the year the landowner received £150 for his share, after all ex penses had been deducted from the proceeds of the crops.' MAIZE. Maize is the most extensively grown crop in tbe colony, one-fourth of the total cultivated area being devoted to it. It is the farmer's main stand-by, biB tramp card so to speak, and he follows the pood old rule of playing it every lime he is in donbt. Although its cultivation iB very widely distributed, the great bulk of the production is caofined to the Moreton end Darling Downs districts, which last year furnished three-fc urths of the total yield of the colony. Go where the traveller will, he finds that maize (and the inseparable pumpkin) are the specially favoured crops. Maize is grown anywhere asjd everywhere in West Moreton, and where it is grown on rich land it gives exceediugly good returns, 50 and 60 bushels to the acre being common, and that too from laud that has been under cultivation for many years. The Darling T-ow ns produced about one- tbird of last year's crop, Toowoomba and War wick districts each yielding over 200,000 bushels, while Killamey, Ailora, and Higlifields returned neatly half that quantity each. The year waB a dry one for maize growers, but aB tbe market prices ruled higherthau for the previous year, it is probable that the monetary returns equalled those of tbe previous year, when the crop was heavier and prices were lower. On the Darliug Downs the crop for 1897 Mas a very good one, especially m the War wick and Killarney districts, where the yields averaged 29J and 33 bushels to the acre respectively. Towards thn close of the year a sudden demand sprang up in the Sydney market. About 50,000 sacks were supplied from the Dowhb, chiefly from the two above-mentioned districts. The best soil for maize on the Darling Downs is to be found in the scrub Iand6 just below and on the slopes of the hills forming its southern enclosure. lathe neighbourhood cf Killarney, for instance, there are farms consisting of rich volcanic Boil which was originally clothed » ith dense scrub timber. On such land in a favourable season 100 bushels to the acre w a not uncommon crop. In every part of the Darling Downs yields of from 30 to 50 bushels are obtained by farmers who exercise care in the tilling of their land. The excellent results of the maize crops in tbe Cairns and Herbertou districts of North Queensland, where 48 and 38 bushels to the acre were the averages for the whole crop for the year show at once what might be done in these districts with proper systematic cultivation. It speaks eloquently of the unscientific methods of a con siderable number of the growers throughout the country that, notwithstanding that very heavy yields are obtained by certain formers in each and every one of the agricultural districts, the average of |M. H. Herbert. J. K P. AdaniR. G. A. Ferguson, C. E. Chuter. L. C. J. Hill. E. A. Blackboro. W. H. Uyder. B. P. Adams. P. J. Dillon. M. Stewart. QUEENSLAND FEDERATION REFERENDUM. Photo, by Campbell Imrie, Brisbane. Beturning Officer (Mr. W. H. Eyder) and his Staff. HARVESTING TOBACCO, TEXAS, SOUTH QUEENSLAND. MR. MICHAEL SCOBIE. the whole colouy over a long period of years is only 24 bushels to the acre. The following shows the total quautity grown and the average per acre in the principal maize centres of the colouy for 1898 : — Yield of Ave age Yield District. Grain. per acre. South Queensland : 1S98. 1898. Laidley ? 141.745 ... 16-0'2 TooWoniba ? 201,391 ... 22-85 Warwick ? '227.483 ... 2595 Gatton ? 13ti,--26 ... 15-H7 Dugandan ? 129,430 ... 17-06 Allora ? 111,304 .. 17-61 Marburg ? S-,751 ... 15-45 Highfields ? 147,6:36 ... 27-29 Harrisville ? (52 ,--'69 ... 17'34 Killarney ? 81,453 ... 27-11 Beaudesut ? 65,158 ... 26-17 Nerans? ? 62,459 ... 32-11 Logan .. ... . 31,03a ... ?2TA5 North Queensland: Herbert -n. . . .. P4.572 ... 38-70 ? Cairns ? 72,008 ... 48-13 Except in New South Wales very little maize is grown in the otber Australim colonies, cliunalic an.i other natural conditions no* being so favourable for its cultivation. The parent colony produces just about enough to supply her own needs ; her avail - able n-aize area is limited, and even much of the scrub lands on her n- rthern rivers that were formerly devote! to its culture are now occupied by dairy herds. As the maize-rHising resnuices of Queensland are practically unlinn'ed, and as the southern colonies have to import the grain largely, there seems a big market at hand for her for some time to come. The market prices sometimes fluctuate consider ably from various ciuses, but the price to the retail buyer at Brisbane is generally from 3s to 3s 6d a bushel ; so that if the Kansas maize grower expects only three good seasons out of five(it is asserted that he is resigned to that proportion), and the ayeraga value of his maize crops for the past 12 years is only Is 7£d a bushel, the Queensland grower ha? much to be thankful for itt the present time. (Continued on Page 1003.) ON THE SOIL ? « ? FBOM OT7B SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT. (Continued from Page 993.— See Illustrations, Pages 983 to 993.) .DAISY FABMING. Although Queensland is the leading cattle colony Ci the Australasian grpup, and possesses more than Jxalt of the total nerds, it is only within quite recent years that dairying has become of sufficient importance to separate classification in the colony's industrial records. - Formerly fcntter and cheese were jnade only in very small quantises. The climate Was thought to be unsuited to the manufacture of dairy products. The pioneer selector, as a rule, kept only a few cows for his own use. Dairying as a profitable industry did not eut«r into his calcula tions, bo no attempt was made to improve the milk ing cows. Artificial feeding, was a lare occurrence ; the cattle fed as they best could. When grass was abundant and the farmer gut more milk than was needed for his own home use, nil wife or daughters made a little butter for bartering with the local atorekeepeis. Nearly all the butter and cheese consumed were imported from the southern colonies. With the increasing prosperity of local settlements came the demand for more domestic comforts. Gradually the farmer began to awaken to the fact that the dairy might add very considerably to tt»e profits of the farm. But he eot along very slowly \- at first ; he found himself unable to profitably compete frith the imported article, and could not understand why. Ten years ago the problem was solved. The oredit of it is entirely due to the Govern ment's recognition of the necessity of teaching the .farmers that so long as they kept inferior cattle, used crude and primitive appliances, and managed their dairies under conditions worthy only of a past generation, they could not hope to meet with the full reward for their labours. With the establishment of the Deuartment of Agriculture came the appoint ment of Government travelling dairies, which visited the agricultural districts throughout the colony giv ing practical demonstrations of the economical aud scientific methods of dairying in vogue hi other countries. How well the department's efforts have . succeeded, both from au educational and practical point of view, is clearly to be seen in the dairying industry of , -to-day. A marked change has set m in the farmers' ojwrations. No longer does, he consider any sort of 'scrubber' cow good enough fora milker, or a shallow settling dish the proper means to get hi* cream. All that is past history. The old methods are discarded ; the whirr of the separator is heard throughout the land ; central creameries, butter and cheese factories have been established in all the agricultural centres, where the factory-made product has almost entirely superseded the article from the farm. As with other branches of the agri cultural industry, the Government has kept a loud parental eye on the dairying section. Alter teaching the farmer how to ' mauage his cows and dairy, and the best way to make butter and cheese, the State resolved to help him to find a market for them, and, if he preferred it. to enable him to di&posu; of his milk or cream to district factories where operations oould be conducted on a larger, more economical, and more uniform scale. The Meat and Dairy Produce Encouragement Act was passed in 1893. with amendments in 1891 and 1895.. The Act empowered the Government to levy a tax upon all sheep and cattle depastured in Queensland, for the purpose of ' encouraging the manufacture and exportation of meat and dairy pro duce from Queensland, and to subscribe a portion of the capital required for the erection of suitable buildings and machinery for these purposes.' There are Wo funds— meat and dairy. The dairy fond consists of the assessments collected on all herds re turned as dairy herds, on all herds uf under 100 bead, aud 10 per cent, of the assessment on all other cattle. Advances have been made ouE of this fund, from time to time, on iourbutterfactoiiee, seven cneese factories, one condensed milk factory, and 10 cream eries. The board, which consists of the Minister ia charge of the administration of the Act for the time being, and five other members representing different parts of the colony, is not bound by the Act in any way as to the parties to whom loans may be advanced, : that iB, whether private individuals or companies. Advances have been made to both ; but the.board favours the . applications of companies, mare especially those of a co-operative farmers character. The Talus of co-operation in dairy ing iB apparently becoming more understood and appreciated by tne fanners, and signs are not wanting that the proprietary factory will — ultimately give place to the co-operative establish- . ment. As au illustration of the superior advantages offered by the latter, it may be mentioned that far mers supplying milk to the proprietary creameries on the Darliug Downs have received on an average for the past few years from $a to 3&d; per gallon, while one of the co-operative cheese factories, also on the Downs, receiving assistance under this Act, has been in a position for some tune past to piy its milk suppliers at the rate of from5Jd to6dper gallon. Under the Act assistance is also given now ' to the encouragement of general co-operative agri cultural production'' hya voteol £10,000 passed by Parliament in the year's estimates. ?????'? g0 far this vote has only been availed of by two r dairy companies. If is, however, open to be ' directed in other channels as well— to the est&b-; '-..'?? . lishment of co-operative ftour or coffee companies, ??''?' ' lor instance. Quite recently the board has ap proved of two advances of £1000 each to establish -' cutter factories at Capelia and Emerald, in the / Peak Downs district, where the prospects of dairying are very encouraging. The rate at which dairying and the secondary industry of bacon and pork curing have pro \- ?' /; greased during the past few years, considering all '''?''. circumstances, u little short of phenomenal, ana -.;'~-V must have exceeded the fondeBt anticipations of ' ' all duectly or indirectly concerned. __ In eight years the quantity of butter made has inereased by 4.400.0001b. Oheese has advanced from 141,1201b. \- in 1891 to l,843,800)b. in 1898. Ten yean ago there were only 69,000 pigs in the colony ; last \--. i year 85,600 were slaughtered (apart from those ..:;- 'butchered for local use), and these produced nearly 7,000,0001b. of bacon and ham. Three years '''??' '?' jMgo only 25 per cent, of the butter produced in ^e colony was factory made ; to- day, the per ? ?'-'-' '\ centase has risen to 75. There are now in the \--':? ' v colony 2712 factories, each making ever 20001b. of \- . ;: butter annually. In 1896 the colony imported i . --: £40,000 worth of butter, but in the following year. ; ? ~ *? the position was entirely changed, the exports ' ' fceinr £6000 in excess of imports. Last year -.-?:'? i £16,000 worth was sent to the otiier Australian ' r- ' colonies as against £1600 imported, while nearly -v- ljOOO.OOOlb. weight were exported to all places. The amount of cheese exported last year was over ^/ 80,0001b. weight. The Under-Beoretary in his ''? ' report for last j«ar writes : ' Although butter has 'jtm. shipped to the United Kingdom from time to ?'?' time since 1895 it was only during the season 1897-8 that the shipments were of sufficient magnitude to \& classified by theirade in Louden, and to warrant particular reference thereto in the circulars that are published by the merchants in Great Britain.' :. . ^- . That Queensland dairymen will be able to compete successfully in the open markets of the world there ind the low price of ordinary grazing land. give the Jueeosland dairy fanner advantages that h» compe ators in the Southern colonies do not possess. Dairy farmers from Victoria, and South Australia now letded in Queensland say that the land they bare sought there at from £2 10s to £3 an acre is equal to that Jtey had in the south, which was valued at from £20 to £30 an acre. To this a Victorian, Mr. John biahon, for ten years dairy instructor in Queensland, .and sow Principal of the Agricul tural College, bears orroborative testimony. GENEBAL FABMING. While the various agricultural districts throughout the colony are more or less specially adapted for the production of particular commodities it must not ' be supposed 'that fanners in these cfisenets devote themselves exclusively to single crops There is no absolute certainty about seasons anywhere. What may be a good season for one thing may be only moderate for another. On the Down*, for instance, a ' wet year ' that would harm_ the wheat would be the very thing desired for maize, and a time when tbjB wheat would wave in all its golden glory Blight sea the ' corn ' and other things droop.ug for wafit of further rain. So the prudent farmer divides his attention between many tilings. The forethinkiog man is always producing something that there is a demand for and in which there is profit. Those of the present day who have been most successful are men who have always had some thing to selL Even when wheat or maize or some thing else would be ' up,' they have always kept a stand-by crop- a field of potatoes, a paddock of lucerne, or oats, or barley. The farmer no longer grows maisecontiuuoualy ; mixed farming iB regarded now as the surest road to the agricultural goal. Lucerne is one of the most payable of crops. In the rich alluvial pockets formed by the bends of the creeks and rivers of the coaatal districts it grows to perfection. In ordinary years, five and &ix; cuttings, running from 15cwt. to 30ewt. per acre is the common yield, while in very good seasons the same quantity can lie cut monthly. In the Moreton district it is a poor lucerne paddock that will net give its owner a net return of £10 a year, per acre, and as one planting will hold for five or six or more years, tos return is obtained at very little outlay. Thirty shillings a ton is a very low average price for lucerne, and when it is stated that at that rate some of the lucerne paddocks ia various parts of the Moreton district have returned their fortunate owners over £20 per acre ia good years, some idea of the exuberance of the growth may be had. Ou the Darling Downs farmers can cut lucerne five or six times a rear, up to 30cwt. a cutting, acd on one estate— Glen- gallan — it can be mown about every three or four weeks ; one paddock tor the past six months hat yielded S tous per acre. Last year there were 46,000 tons eff luierne hay produced m the colony, besides 2428 tons of wheaton, 16,169 of oaten, 871 of rye, and 4108 of panisum hays. Large quantities of fodder are every year supplied from South Queensland to the sugar and mining districts in the north. Barley is a crop which is coming into favour amongst the farmers m the southern part of the colony. Probably the recent establishment of two malting houseB at Toowoomba and one at Warwick, each capable of turning out 80,000 bushels a year, is to a great extent the cause. There have been two varieties grown, the ordinary and the malting barley, the quantities last year being 8000 and 26,000 bushels respectively, the Darling Downs producing almost the whole of the crop. The quantity of malt produced ia Queensland during 1898 was 32,629 bushels ; the amount imported, 298,111 bushels, carrying au import duty of 4s 64 a bushel. This offers a large field for enterprise, both on the part of farmers and malt sters, before the home consumption is overtaken, and may lead to something being done on coopera tive lines. Hitherto the attempts to establish malt ing as a permanent industry supplied by local grown barley have not been attended with muoh success. The maltster has blamed the farmer, stating that the grain was of inferior quality and unsu table for malting, while the latter has retorted that the for mer did not understand his business, and that the prices offered for the grain were altogether too low, owing to the abssnoe of competition. ESxpeiCs, in cluding maltsters, have expressed the opinion that malting barley can be produced on the Dowdb equal to any growu iu the world. The question has been discussed at several Farmers* Conferences, and there have been no sufficient reasons shown as to why the crop was not more extensively cultivated. The ex perience of Mr. T. Murphy, quoted above, shows that it can be successfully grown The ruling market rate for barley is from 3s 6d to 4s a bushel, and as the Dowub will give an average yield of at least 2f bushels per acre there is a fair openingf or anyone en terprising enough to attempt the cultivation of the crop iu a fairly large way. There is this year three times the area of land under the crop that there was last. Whilst same brewers state that the local malt is not equal to i&eimported; product for brewing pur poses, it must be remembered that there is room for experiment to ascertain the variety of seed best adapted to the soil and climate, the best time of sow ing, the method of cultivation and treatment, aad that probably some improvements will be made in the process of malting as greater experience is gained. ? -- Of the other grain crops, the quantity of oats im ported was 101,438 bushels, valued at £13,880, the local production being only 4047 bushels, yet oats will grow almost any where in tha Moreton districts. Eye ib grown principally for fodder. Of the 1320 acres under crop last year 538 were cut for green feed, 483 were mown for hay, and 299 reaped for grain. Toowoomba, Gatton, and Dugandan were the chief centres. The averageyield of potatoes in Queensland and New South Wales is 2*40 tons per acre, Tasmania and Victoria 8-30; and New Zealand 5-20 tons. The Queensland average is reduced very muoh owing to the wide distribution of the tuber i but ia the farm lands of Laidley, Gatton, Lo wood, Rosewood, and other places in west Moreton, 6 to 10 tons is a very -frequent occurrence. On the scrub lands at the foot of the lulls on the Burling Downs, 10 tons per acre is often realised in good seasons, and as at the time of writing the market price is £5 5s per ton, it will be seen that the potato jsjdo unconsidend trifle in the farmer's calculations. But it is a somewhat un certain crop in Queensland, and formany veara there have been large unportatibne from Victoria and Tas mania. Yet m some seasons the crops have been excellent and extremely profitable. The Queens land fannercan grow two crops in tne year, as against one ia the south. . The early crop has practacajly no competitor an Australia; in the south the single crop there matures only a little in advance of tna Queensland late crop, so -tbat-*here is a fair field open in New Stouth Wales and the southern -colonial for Queensland early potatoes. Some 20,000 tons of ?weet potatoes were produced last year, ionr-fifths of which were grown in the eastern portion of the Southern Division of the colony. It-is not in very great favour as an article of diet ia districts where the Emrlish variety can be easily obtained, but ia the *bitth, on the cattle and sheep runs of the interior, where the climate ib unfavourable to the growth of the other, the sweet potato is a feature of every vegetable garden. A big market is found for it in the sugar districts, where it forms a principal article of diet for the coloured labourer. The number of minor sources of revenue to the Queensland tanner ate almost innumerable, aad ii be is industrious, and keeps himself employed while his principal crops are growing, he 1b ever adding to the profits of the farm. Hive of Iwej, ft poultry yard, a tomato patch, a YegetaMe garden, or an is always a ready sale for honey, eggs, fowls, and fruit at remunerative prices. The general farmer is yet much behind in many items that he might easily supply. For instance, during 1898 there were imported 2661 tons of onions. The present priced onions is £6 a ton ; one acre will- yield an average of 7 tons, giving a cadi return to the grower of £42 ; yet there are but 51 acres under this crop. Arrowroot is a crop which has come on well during the put year, the quantity having increased from 2888 tons to 6115 tons of roots. Of this quantity, 6111 tons were produced in the eastern portion of the southern division of the colony, to which the industry, with the exception of a few experimental areas elsewhere, is -practically confined. Of the quantity produced 875,6401b. of cnnmeroial arrow root was manufactured, valued at £6205. The balance was utilised in various ways, but principally used as food for swine. It (,rows freely, aad, if a market were secured, could be produced in great abundance. Queensland has for many years past grown more of the article than is required for local consumption, but the anomaly exists that arrowroot and tile kindred farinaceous foods of maizesa and cornflour are imported iu considerable quantities. The prejudice against the local product is traceable to an outside source. A difficulty has arisen in the United King dom in connection with 'its sale there. What is known as arrowroot in the British market is manufactured from a plant which is not botanioally - synonymous wfta that from which the Queens land article is obtained. Hence the Imperial Food aud Drugs Act prohibits the sale of the iatter simply as arrowroot. In correspondence with the Queens land Agent-General on the subject the Secretary of the Board of Inland Revenue explained as follows :— ' The term arrowroot, without prefix or qualifica tion, should, speaking strictly, be restricted to the starch derived from plants of the genus Marauta. . . A purchaser asking Simply for arrowroot would, presumably by use and wont, «xpeotto be supplied with maranta starch. . . . Queensland arrowroot, the product of Canna edulis, is quite a different starch. . . Inasmuch as the term ' arrowroot, without prefix or qualification, is now well established, the veudors of the -Queensland article would in the Board's opinion best protect themselves by labelling ' it ' Queensland arrowroot, prepared from Canua edulis.' ' ^Nevertheless, it is S'id that many members of the medisal and nursing professions in England prefer to prescribe the Queensland arrowroot ; but it is evident 'that the producers must either grow the West Indian maranta to compete tor British irade or describe the local product as suggested, aud rely on its intrinsic qualities to sell it. Bice grows to perfection, on the northern rivers. Half of the crop iB grown at Cairns, -where the settlers engaged in its cultivation are chiefly Italians. The Chinese and Pacific Islanders are the chief con sumers. Considerable progress has been made dur ing the past year, the area of 863 acrss cropped being double that of the previous year, while the return of 38,133 bushels of paddy, or rough rice, was at the rate of over 44 bushels per acre. This was higher than any previous average, and must be moBt en couraging to those engaged in the industry. Though the local grower is protected by a penny a pound duty, the colonv imports annually from Java, China, aud Japan nearly £50,000 worth of cereal. TOBACCO. The tobacco-growing industry iu the colony is only in its infancy, although the suitability of the climate aud soils in various parts have been demonstrated for some years. In 1886 there were only 86 acres under crop; but this area was increased in 1891 to 790 acres, which yiolded 7704c wt., giving an average of nearly lOowt. to the acre. The return per acre in 1892 rose to nearly 12owt. (the highest average it has yet reached;, thougn there via a considerable de crease in the quantity. Then, for a couple of years, the area cultivated feu away, but about six years ago a fresh demand set in for the colonial product. The leaf brought remunerative prices— some of the pro ducers securing big profits. This gave birth to a temporary boom in tobacco. High rents were paid if or land on which the plant had been previously grown, and on which there were standing the curing sheds of former growers. The area incretsed by fully 100 psr cent, in 12 months. Growers were .anxious to take advantage of the tide of popular favour. Among a lot ot impractical men the natural desire to secure a heavy harvest re sulted in much indiscriminate picking. Leaves were gathered that should have been rejected, the quality of the crop as a whole being thereby deteriorated. Consequently tiie price of the leaf fell ; and many . of the growers holding onto ill-assorted, badly-cured . stock, in the hops of a rise, founi themselves hitter on with utterly unsaleable tobacco. But the misfortune has had its good, effect Latterly more care has been exercised in picking. Last year as high as Ud a lb. was paid by the Brisbane manu \- facturers. There is, however, a prejudice against the local product amongst the Bmokrng public, not withstanding that the factories turn ont a really good article. But there is good reasou to hope that this prejudice will soon disappear. From time to time in the past, representations were made . to 'the Go vernment that the conditions necessary to place the industry on a footing to compete succeaafully with imported tobacco were wanting. The farmers had . acquired but little skill in the stripping and curing of the plant, and none of them knew anything about grading and packing it for export to open marken, where it could compete with the products of other countries and be judged on its merits. In response te these representations the Government, ia . . order to stimulate a flagging industry, and provide growers with* fresh incentive, Becnred the services of Mr. Robert S. Nevill to instruct them in the proper cultivation of the plant and all the various processes necessary to make ita profitable and mar ketable article. This gentleman has spent all his life ia farming, curing, and handling tobacco in all fts stages until it is ready lor the manufacturer ; and* as his experience was gained in the' chief to baoco district in the United States, where the culti vation lias almost reached perfection, his instruc tions and practical field demonstrations should ?apply the one thing needed to make taeoropa favourite one in Queensland. The tableland country ' in the southern portion of the colony between Mac mtyre Brook and the Damare^q. River furnishes almost the whole of the present yield; but the area over which it may be grown in South Queensland with equal success is praofaoally unlimited. These highlands develop best the quality and character of 4eaf suitable for the manufacture of heavy or pipe tobacco, while it ha» been proved that the warmer climate of the northern coast lands at Cairns, Mackay, aud other places will grow an excellent light leal tor cigars, Mr. Hevifl says that it is not at aQ necessary, nor iB it a good thing, to select the richest land for tobacco ?growing. Aaofl which will produce a splendid crop of maize, potatoes, or aagar '? cane is not necessarily one well suited to tobacco culture. In the United States tobacco is grown on a quality of land that would nat in Queensland be thought worth putticg a plough in for anything. The chief tobacoo centre in Queensland has been christened with au American name— Texis. The cultivated land lies on the north bank of the Damaresq River, which forms part of the boundary between New South Wales aad Queensland. Last year Texas grew 84 per cent, of the whole output, the only other distriot Jto grow it to any extent being : Inglewood. At Killarney a few years ago several i hundred acres were under cultivation, but it his' Binoegmfti place to other crops. Texas and Ingle . wood produce a leaf of excellent quality for heavy or pipe tobacco. Between 600 and 700 acres are under i «rojg there. T^pMerajge yield u about 9001b.jjer acre in au ordinary season, while a very good year will shuw au average of 11001b. and upwards— a return far in excess of the beet American yiel is. Most of the tobacoo grawa now at Texas ; is on the share system with the local land owners. Hitherto the uncertainty of the erop finding favour with the manufacturers has deterred many from attempting lbs cultiva tion. But it must be remembered that the growers' uuskilfut methods were primarily responsible tor this state of affairs. No difficulty is experienced in disposing of a good article to t$e Brisbane factories, of which there are at present five. It is hoped now that the industry will take firmer root, and that farmers will be induced to select their own lands and settle -tiown to its intelligent and careful cultivation. ' Tobaoco can be grown here,'' says Mr. Nevill, *? equal to' the beet grown in tiie United States, and toe farmers in a little while ought to be able to supply the manu facturers with a cured leaf that will enable them to turn out a good serviceable tobacco equal in general quality to that exported from America to Britain.' Some of the farmers have already re modelled their curing sheds. Ia many ca^« they were so open and exposed that the housed leaf mijrht almost as well aave been in the open air. Tobacco is a hardy plant, and gives very little trouble while growing if the land has been well prepared before ^transplanting. It is only when harvested and stored that it requires csxsful attention, and, judging from the monetary results -a fair crop wiligive to the producer, it will repay nun well for his trouble. Mr. Nevill found a very good quality of ciga? leaf growing at Cairns, and some stored that had been cured in the crudest fashion. Yet - wheu a sample of it was sent to London it realised 2s 63 a lb. He thinks so highly of the district fof growing light cigar leaf that he has persuaded some of die farmers there to undertake the growing of from two to four acres each. He has ao fear of the result, as, from what he saw produced by out of-date appliances and treatment, he is convinced there is profit in the industry therewith improved means of production. Taking Queensland tobacco,, on tb% whole there is no- xea&On;, he thinks, why it should not entirely exclude the imported article, of which there came inti the colony last jvsa 47,7351b. £he Queensland leal manufactured in the aaine period was 607,1141b. ; and imported manufactured pips tobacco, 685,8311b. Tobaoco ahbuld be an auxiliary crop worked in rota tion with others, fluch as wheat, barley, &c.; From the time of trampiautiug it takes only from dOtolUO days to ripen at Texas, and : 60 to 80 davs at Cairns. On the prolific scrub lands a maize and tobacco crop could e*aily be taken off the e«me piece of land eacu year. Mr. Nevill gives an estimate of the result of a tobacco crop per acre. The cost of production. in - Queensland is about 3d alb., and should never be ~ more; the avenge yield in an ordinary year is 9001b. ; the average prlc* psr-lb. is not less than da. Hence there is a clear profit of 2d per lb., giving a net resultof £7 10s per acre. -Last season tne prioe realised for the best of the crop was from 8d to 9d alb. At the estimated profit of 3d a lb. the return would be, if sold at 8d, £18 Los an acre. What the \- profit would be on cigar leaf grown in North Queeus land and sold at halx-a-orowna lb. is best left to the imagination. There is a large home consumption still to supply, ana by the time the growersliava been able to meet it the art of cultivation will probably have developed tosuch an extent that exporfc to other markets, will be no longer out of theques* ' - tion. The verdict of manufacturers in Australia ii that the tobacoo leaf grown in Southern Queensland has the best flavour, and is in every waythembst desirable, of any so for produced in these colonies. TueieisintheTexas diatriot alone available land to supply the whole of Australasia with ita pipe tobacoo. There is money in tobaoco for the man who will ga to Texas with a little capital, select his own ground, and settle down to systematic cultivation ; and if a superior cigar leaf can be successfully grown on a large eoale- will eomeday, when meu ate making .? huge fortunes at tobaooo- growing in North Queens land, make a 4bt of . us wonder why we let the ?' opportuuitf slip by us. Mr. Nevill says thatany \- intelli£aut man, if hegoes thexight way to work, can soon learn all that ii necessary tor the proper caring and packing of tobaoco for the local manufacturer or for export. In the meantime he can 'vkeep the pot boiling ' with other crops. COFFEE. Experiments with coffee growing have been mads from time to time— often at long intervals— ever .since the foundation of the colony. Thirty years ago tb» then Government tried to galvanise the industry into life , by offering growers special con cessions, but though amail plantations were laid at Buderim, near Maryborough and other places, jio one seems to have persisted, in the cultivation either earnestly or extensively, ' One gentleman, near. Mackay, has continuously grown a few acres of it for over 20 years, at times with very handsome results. During the past few jears a wider interest has been taken in coffee culture. On the B.uisell Biver, near Cairns, Sir. W. B. Lewis has established, the Mount Graham plantation. Some 16 years ago he visited Mackay and ivas much impressed with what he saw an the plantation of Mr. Cdstello (the gentleman first referred to) ; he deocded to give coffee growing in bis own distriot a thorough test. The result has been a complete success. He has now IS acres under crop, and the Mount Graham coffee is to*day a well-established commercial commodity, finding a ready sale locally at a remuuerative prioe. In the CairnB. district there are now 400 acres planted as against 159 of the previous year, and 50 of the year before. AtKamerunga, a few muea from. Cairns, at the foot of tita coast range, there is a State nursery where many varieties of the tree nave been carefully cultava ted for years. To sh-w how the industry is spreading, it may be men tioned that from the nnraery during the year 189S ' 1101b. of coffee seed were distributed among 72 intending growers, while in 1896 116 farmers received 13001b. Besides this the nursery in the same time sent out 2250 coffee plante, all the samples of coffee grown frton them being of excellent quality. -Tne progress of Oairna is best illustratodby the coff«« output, which rose from 16,9621b. w. 1897 to 40,6781b. in 1898, the majority of the trees bearing then for the first time. Tbree years ago planting at Mackay was begun on the largest scale yet attempted in Queensland. The Mackay Coffee Estate Company commenced operations, and has now some 100.000 trees planted. Altogether at Mackay there are now 115 acres under crop, wbJoh will begin so show returns this year. The old trees which had been bearing for years hav« been replaced with young plants. That coffee of a very superior quality can be grown at Mackay has-been abundantly proved, as, apart from Mr. Cos tollo's experifiuce,' for years past tcoffee trees at the Mackav State Nursery have borne, crops, which ~ old ana experienced planters, who nave spent yean in Ceylon, India, the West. Indies.. and Brazil, navb publicly declared they never saw excelled considering the age of the trees. Another feature of the trees grown in North Queensland, which is maintained by experts to prove beyond all doubt the superexcel lence of the local conditions— temperature, soil, rainfall, &c;— is that they will bear full crops in their fourtli year, whereas in other coffee-growing coun tries a full crop rarely appear* until the tree matures, and that is, attains its full growth in its sixth or seventh year. It is affirmed that its early fecundity is neither detrimental to the quality -of the coffee nor the subsequent life of the tree. North of the tropic line is generally considered tne natural home of the otSffee plant, but experience has shown that it can be cultivated muoh former south #eftb,almost rau«lraaaMhXa^iiaiKia»u&^ - ? * ?? ? ? - * ? '' ''* ? ' ' ^ ''.'??-..;?' '?,i'-&:.:~- there are now about 30 acres planted ; and the sue* ctss which bas attended its cultivation at Buderim Mountain has indued (electors on theBlsckali Range to put in some tiees. Experiments there have shown that the climate and soil at ceitain altitudes are very favourable to their propagation. Recognising the importance of this growing industry, and the great scope the northern portions of the colony ef£;-rd lor its expan sion, 'lie department has procured the services of Sir. Howard Kewpoit to instruct the planters new to the iuduBtiy in the best method of planting, curing. &e;, Mr. Newport has had 11 years' experience in India, where he managed a laige plantation at Melme, Yercaud, in the Pre»:tiency of Madras. He has al6o had consider able experience of coffee- planting in Ceylon. Mr. Newport sorroboiates the testimony of Indian ana Ceylon planters as to the eminently favourable climatic conditions of North Queensland for coffee culture, and he brings Qutenslaudere the cheering news thai, though the industry is yet only a very email affair in the colony, the moet naiteriug repo ts have gone, abroad respecting thB quality of the coffee and the big field there is in North Queensland for the expansion of the industry. He s&ye; that planters in Inaia have begun to look upon Queensland as a dangerous rival in the pronuction of the finest grade coffee, of which they at pieeeut are the largest producers in the world, and practically have the monopoly of that class of trade. *? Will coffee-grcwing pay ?' is a question fre quently asked. It is answered always in the affir mative by practical grower* What it will fay depends, as in all other industries, upon how econo mically it is worked, the quality of the article pro duced, and the market puces * It is only to be expected that where there Lave been so n-any iso lated amateur efforts under so many different condi tion there should be considerable diversity of opinion on a good many paints. On one point all are, how ever, unanimous— that goc d coffee can be grown io Queensland, and that good yield* can ue confidently anticipated. What it will cost to grow is a matter that has not been settled definitely in such a way as to he capable of gentraL application. It is generally admitted that it cat. be grown io a final J way more profitably than on a large scale, where the question of labour enters largely into the consideration when the crop is ready for harvesting. So far, the area* harvew.d have been small, aud the labour employed of different kinds. Whilst me mat employed abori ginal Jaboui , which is naturally cl eap, ot era got through the whole of the berry picking with the help of their families. . A cLild of about 12 years, it is eaid, can pick 25 per cent, more in a day than a man. But ail men have not large families oi young children, nor can aboriginal labcur eveiywhere be found, and it is asserted, that white aouk laboui would be too expensive for the work performed. Is India, Brazil, Ceylon, ana -ther coffee-growing countries there is abundance of cheap tative labour. It is contended that if Queensland is to compete successfully with them the labour employed must also be cheap , so that it would teem that the labour of the Queensland c.ffee pkintaiioss of the future will have to be obtained, as in the case of the sugar plantations, from the Polynesian Islands. The ex perience ot the Muokay Coffee Company duritg the next and following seasons should furnish a gvod guide as to wl-.etber the coloured labourer is at- use ful and essential among the coffee treeB as he iB among the sugarcane. But wu fever may be the profit in operations on a large bcale, there is no doubt of coffee being ' e poor mau's crop.' It is an easy one to grow. Mr. Newport aud other experienced planters state that any man oi ordinary luxe-ligeuce can easily and quickly learn all that is necessary to plant aud tend the trees, pick the crop, aud cure it . ready for the market. - It inquires no heavy labour, ? nor any very expensive mills and machinery It keeuB indefinitely, and to a certain extent improves with agt. In one of a sencs of letiecs contributed to the 'Queensland Agricultural Journal' «n coffee cultivdtion, the manager of the Mackay Coffee Estate, an ex-Indian (tauter of very considerable experience, wrote as follows : — ' The requisites necessary for the preparation of the product of the mill are no simple acd to unexpensive that they are within the reach ot all.' It muse have occurred to those who hare followed these articles from the beginning that it is not necessary for every grower to erect a mill for his own crop. One mill in each district is ample for all purposes, as coffee in the parchment state will stand holding -For en indefinite period, provided it has beeu sufficiently dried : nor need the farmer apprehend that such delay will c.iuse depreciation in its value, for the con trary is the cute. -The fanner in Queensland can choose bis own time for sending hit parchment to the null, where he could either sell for uasn, or have the article cured, packed, and snipped ior him. The same piiiiciple is carried cut in most ot the coffee growiiig countries, and should answer equally well here.' Of the great prcfitt, to the small grower there seems to be no room for two opinions. If, as before observed, he has a lamiiy.of active chi dren. . he needs but lii tie paid labour in the berry -picking seaaou. Ou this poiut, Mr. T. A. Bromley, ot Pislba, in a paper read be) ore an agricultural con ference held at Rockhampton hat year, said : — 41 1 have five acres under coffee, and the reason I have not more is that I am testing coffee- growing ex perimentally ou approved lines. . . Now, about labour, and that is a great point. My quiver is full, and I have a big little family. When it comes to picking with the assistance of a few children from round about, I can slip through the job very well. Children are by far thv best pickers.' In giving an estimate of the money return that might be ex pected from coffee-growing, he contiuued : - ' By taking the price mentioned as a basis (lOd per lb) the net return per acre would be over £50. Of course, it would not do to consider that a sate estimate, as in practice you might get a long way below it. How ever, I am uatisfitd there is no other crop will pay so well, not even sugar.' Dr. Thomatis, of Cara vonica Park, Cairne, who has been growing coffee for years, and who, eight months a?o, was awarded a epecinl prize for bis coffee at the' Marseilles Exhibi tion, is vety emphatic on the subject of prt fits. In a paper he ie-.d at the agricultural conference held in June last at Mackay he said : — ?* A small far mer with a growing family can grow a few acies of coffee with the certainty of realising from £30 to £40 per acre, without the necessity of employing labour outside his own family.' Ae vety little is generally known about coffee growing, I will here give an idea of what amount of capital a man would require arriving in Queens land prepared to embark hi the industry for the purpose of making a living out of it Thb cost of securing the laud would vary considerably, ac cording to the conditions under whiih it was taken up — as a homestead selection, agricultural farm, or freehold laud purchased outright. There is land open for selection all aloug the Queens- ? land coast. The Brisbane Land Commissioner in formed me a short time ago that there were 60,000 acres of scrub laud on the Biackall Range, within 50 miles cf Brisbane, suitable for coffee or fruit growing, and open to selection at 2s 6d an »cre as homestead leases to the first persons that came along. A few miles back from the coast at Ma^kfty, Cairns, and other northern ports, free hold land may be purchased from £2 an acre up wards. Excellent sites sheltered from the strong winis which prevail at ceitain periods of the year can be chosen on the slopes of the coast bins which, Iroin their irregular conformation, are un suitable for general agriculture, but which are all that could be defired for coffee culture. Taking the case of the bite chosen, being freehold laud, it may be pat down as a general average that £3 an acre would be the cost of purchase. The coBt of cutting and burning eff the tcrub would not ex ce3d £4 an acre. To grub out the heaviest stumps might take £3 ot £4 more an ae.re, but tfiis opera tion, to a man of limited mea-ne, is to a certain ex eut unnecessary, as the stumps may be allowed to rot a wa), as they will do in time. One of the illuBtiaticiis show6 the dead tim'ier still standing in the plantation. Digging holes for the plants wonld iuerease the outlay by a other £4. The wliole coBt of preparing the plantation would he about £ i2 an acre. Takir»£ for instance a plantation of 30 acr«:s the expscditure would be something like the following : — Cost of land, nbont ? £90 0 0 Cl- aring (if heavily t mbered) and planting, about ? Seo 0 0 Farming appliances, say ? 30 O 0 Fencing-, tay ? 6'J ° ° Total cosi. of planting SO acres ? 540 0 0 There wruld be other contingent expenses ; a dwelling-house, &c;,, a couple of hoists, and other items, tLe coat of which would depend largely on the setter's taste and disposition ; and the i xper:Be of living, keeping down weeds, and tending the young trees for three year* uufcl they began to bear would also have to be taken into consderatiou. Oi course if he has been accustomed to manual labour much of the abova out ay would be avoidable with the help of one or two kanakas or a coup.e of e«Dfc tit for field work. Opinions differ as to how many trees should be ulanteu ta the acre ; the esti mates range from 700 to 1100. Experienced planters 6tat« that 1000 are not too many where '.he soil ia rich, the land well cleared, and economy of space has tt be considered. At the end of three years the first berries appear, yielding approximately one fourth of a full crop. In the fourth season about a halt-crop may be expected, and in the fifth year the tiees are in full bearing. Each tree will yield 21b. of narchmeit coffee, which means for 1000 t ees 20001b. of parchmeut. taking the mean between the various estimated costs it m*y be set down that the cost ot picking ? will amouut to |d par lb. cf berry from the tree, or to 3d perib of parchment coffee. During the past few years the tell ng price of the coffee locally has ranged from 7*d to lad per lb ; as im potteis pay gd per lb. on the average for inferior coffee from Fiji, it seems a fair average to estimate 9d as tue ruling price of the local product, aud at that figure European merchants nave offered to buy Cairns and. Mackay coffee in un ituited quantity. This would leave a balance of 6d per lb. to the producer, which, at a yield of 20001b. per acre, is £50. Out of this return all incidental expenses would have to be deducted. Discounting all the estimates, dis legarding the f set that growers iu North Queensland have net:ed from £40 to £ CO per acre, tliowmg for an increase in the expenditure, a fall m the urice of coffee, and setting the net gain as low as £20 per acre, theu the owner of a 30 -acre plantation would find himsell at the end of five years in receipt of an income of £600 a year. One ceases to wonder at the enormous fortunes Indian and Brazilian planters have made. Last year Queensland grew only about one- fifth of the coffee consumed in the colony, s'i that the in ? tending planter has nit only the balance of the home consumption to Fupply, but he has open to him the woole Australasian 'market. There is a big futuro ahead of the industry in Queensland. The l:?cal conditions cannot be tuipassed any where, und theie is pienty ot available cheap land. The trees beat earlier and heavier crops than in other coffee-growing coun tries; thefoieign planter opens his ej es in astonish ment— it is not in his experience : and tbeplautso far has been free from the dreaded leaf dis?aEe which has played havoc with the plantations iu India, Brazil, Arabia, Ceylon, and other countries. The growth of the plaut in Australia gives new experience owing to its adaptability to soils and climates to which in the pieviouc history of the tree no parallel can be shown. Finally, 'the climate is healthy ; yellow fever anu other epidemics common in other countries are unknown ; and the planter lives in -the midEt of British civilisation surrounded by his own countrymen. FRUIT CULTURE. Fruit culture, which in any part of the world i« one of the most attractive and pleasant of rural pursuits, id Queensland offers the horticulturist and oichardist special scope for the exercise of their drill. On the southern tableland apples, pears, plums, peaches, and other fruits of cool lititudes grow to splendid size and quality : on the Biackall fe tinge strawberries attain such a size that eight or nine will mak* lib. on some of tbe beds. Almost everywhere in southern Queensland, from the coast to the far west, the grape-vine will flourish. Pineapples, bananas, passion and other fruits grow along the whole length of the sea- board, while tbe oranges and lemons of the Moreton, Cairns, and Wide Bay districts are fit to compete with those of any other country in the w rid. It is true that wLile fruit trees grow exceedingly well, the grower from time to time has been anuuyei with insect pests. Doubt less, the presence of these, tc some extent, has retarded the industry, but Queensland is not alone in this respect. Ever? land has similar experiences, and among the Australasian colonies Queensland is not by any means the worst off. The fruit pests that have found their way into the colony have done httle damage so far, for with the exception of the northern trade in baoanas, the fruit industry, on a commercial scale, is yet only in its early iufancy. Those who have suffered any loss for the most part combined fruit-growing with other forms of cultivation Considering that it is only lately that there has been any propetly organised eystetn of inspection of jplonts introduced into the colony it is a matter for con gratulation that t-- e nuisance is as small as it is. Uncer the Diseases in Plants Act of 18tf6, nil fruits and plants, of whatever description, that now enter Queensland are inspected and treated rb may be required, and such as may be seized ior being in contravention of the Act are destroyed. In addition to this a rigid &ysiem; of inspection of orchards and gardens is being instituted throughout the colony. There is no doubt that since the regulations under the Act came in force the imported fruits have im proved much in qu»Hty, and the system of local inspection will also prevent to a great extent the glutting of the markets with such low grade fruits as, iti the past, exercised an injurious influence on the sale of those of a superior quality. In connection with the combating and eradication ot. insects and parasites injurious to every description of plant aud vegetable cultivated in the colony, the entomologist to the department, Mr. Henry Tryon, bas rendered, and is still rendering, meal' cutable service. Agriculturists and horticulturists throughout the colony, ana even very far beyond it, have experienced the benefits of his researches. In conjunction with. Mr. A. H. Benson, Instructor in Fruit Culture, and Mr. S. Toller, assistant, Mr. Tryon has conducted numerous experiments in the destruction of scaie insects on fruit and ornamental trees. But, although much valuable information has been gleaned concerning some of the parasites, bo far they have been unable to improve on the principal methods of destruction already in vogue, viz., by spraying, and by lumigatiou with hydro cyanic acid gas. The department has started a well-equipped cyanide aud spraying plant in charge of a capable officer to travel through the fruit dis tricts and ?rive growers practical demonstrations of the efficacy of the treatment. That Queensland offers splendid opportunities for the building up of a large fruitgrowing industry there can be no doubt. Last year there weie imported into the colony dried fruits amounting to 2,907, U91b., on which a duty of £36,338 was paid ; 37,565 dozen pints of bottled fruits with a duty of £2825 ; fruit iu palp and fruits preserved by acids, . 112 tons, with a duty of £563 ; and of jams and jellies, 24,210 dozen lb.s having an impost cf £2421. The local market besides will be greatly enlarged to the bentfit of the pioducers, as the old faulty system of supply is worfced out atd the quality of the fruit is improved. The soi.fhan colonies *ffer a good market for Queensland tropical fruits. Agsin, there is uo reason why canning, drying, aud pieservme should not fcrm one of the largest outlets form* industry, if men such as have developed the industry in Califi.rn.a would take up suitable blocks of land on the Queensland seaboard. The land is cheaper, the soil and climate in every respect equal, and irrigation on an expensive scale would be found to be iiDuecessary, the riinfs.ll generally being amp.e. The attraction*, and advantages Queensland offers are equal if not superior to those which draw hundreds of Englishmen with a litt e capital to the American Pacific Slupe. The shipments of pine apples, mangoes, and oranges that have been landed in England prove, as far as such trials can prove, that tUe Queensland fruitgrower can find a sure, and profitable market there when arrangements with both shipping companies and English agents are satisfactorily made. The following are commercially the most important of the Queensland fruits : — Bananas.— Ths banana is at preseot the most exttii*ivtiiy cultivated. Lsst year tlie value of the crop was' estimated at over £2,50,000. Although it grows almost equally well a'.ong the whole of the coast country it jb cultivated for export mostly in the northern districts ot Cairns and Geraldtou. It is a wondei fully prolific plant— in fact, it is said to be ' tne most prolific kuown,' exceeding ia this retpect the potato by 44 times, and wheat by 131 timee. A large export trade is done with the southern colonie.1, millions of dozeus br ing shipped here every year. Although the ruling ietail price is low -from id to 3d i dozen ia Queensland -the cultivation of the crop is evidently a profitable one, judgiug from the large increase 'in the area under cultivation, which has doub'td since 1893, aud is now 5056 acres. The addition last year to the area cultivated in 1897 was 436 acres, 'wbile the increase in the yield was over 30 million dozen. Cairns supplied nearlj the whole of the edditioual o\uput. The Geraldton district, north of Cuirus, is ttie next largest producer wih 5,692 000 doz«n. In the southern, divkiou of the coloiiy Logan, Cleveland, Maroochy, and Mary borough produce between ihem 2,300,000 dozeu. As the banana is a truit wmch is ripening through out the year in some part of Queensland in such quantity that the retail price very seldoui reache- 4d per djzsn, there is a constant demand and ready ?ale for it, not only iu Queensland, but through out ttie whole of Australasia. Pineapples, like bananas, will thrive anywhere ou the coast couutiy. As an. instance of lueacconiraodat iHg nature of the iruit it may be noted, that the two largest centres of production ace almost at estrtme ends of the seaboard — Brisbane iu the south, and C\itns in tue north, furnishing 233,0'JO dozen aud. 73,000 dozen respectively. Seven or eight y»..ars ago pineapple* wero exported in large quantities to Melbourne. But later the trade declined consider ably, chiefly owing to tho action of the middlemeu buyers in tue Victorian capital c mb;ning to form a ' carter,' with the result that the Queensland producer reaped anything but a reasonable profit from the sales. The atea undsr cultivation fell from 1138 acres in 1891 to 823 in 189G, partly m consequence of the action of the southern buyers, and partly as the result of a disease which attackeu the crop. The investigations of Mr. Tryon demonstrated that the latter was not due, &s; was supposed at the time, to some natural - insect enemy winch attacked the fru t, but that the origin Df the inifctrief lay with the growers themselves, utilising badly drained laud, and continually croppii.g it without replanting or treating it with suitable manures. The mistake has now been remedied, and it may be said that the disease has almost disap peared, rhe t'ruit is one wnich is not injured to any extent by insect pests With the advent of proper systematic cultivation under Mr Benson's regime, and orgauisatiou among the growers for mutual pro tec tioi against tne malpractices of market ' riugs,' the drawbacks that have hitherto beset the producer should be easily overcome. During the last two years the area cultivated for pineapples bas resumed its former dimensions, the increuse beiug due, as in the case of bananas, to the expansion at Cairne, where the acreage advanced iu the pan year from 68 to 284, and the pioduction from 17,596 dozen to 72,878 dozen. TLe increase in the yield for the whole colony was from 351,000 dozen to 462,500 iiozen. Mr. Bensuti is of opiniou that, with the m proved methods for cold storage for oversea carriage, there iB no reason why pines should not be shipped successfully to Europe aud return a fair profit to the producer, if the iruit is cut at the right time and arrangements are made o land it on tue European markets when the season is over ia the nearer sourceB of supply. But probably the main cbannei ot exportation in the future will be by the canning pro cess, iu which there is no risk of the fruit beiug . landed in bad condition. There isa verylargedemtna for the preserved pine iu England ; almost the whole of the supply at present is furnished by Java. Citrus Fruit. —V here is practically an unlimited field for the production of oranges, lemons, limes, and citrons. Like the banana, pineapple, and other fruits, they will grow equally well along the coast country and on the eastern edge of the tablelands. The orange is commercially the most important member of the family, and is cultivated with as much success at Mackay. Bowen, JTownsville, Cairns, Cook town, in the noith, as at Maryborough, Brisbane, Gatton, and Toowoomba in ttie south— iu fact, the two chief centres of production last year were Cairns and Gatton, between which there are 11 degrees of latitude. Tie quantity of oranges produced during 1898 was over 1,500,000 dozeu of which Cairns euppue I 225.000 do?ea and Gaiton 112,000 dozeu. There has been a decrease in the output during the last two or three years, but this is chiefly to be ascribed to orcnardisrs acting on the ad vice of Mr. Bensou, who, ever sixes Ms appoint ment, has increasingly urged t~em to uproot every tree that is not absolutely a good, strong bearer of firBt grade fruit. Beyond the colony, Melbourne up to the present time bas beeu the principal out let for surplus Queensland oranges, and although they meet the competition of the New South Wales fruit, they have always commanded remunerative prices. Trial shipments of oranges from Syr-ney to London have shown that,' if properly handled and packed, oranges can be placed in England in a sound and saleable condition. Strawberries.— Of the other fruits, strawberries show the most satisfactory progress, the return for 1898 being 75 acres, yie'.diug 83,306 quarts, as against 32 acres producing 44, 142 quarts for 1897. A spur of the Cuast Range, called the Biackall Range, is the most favourite ground with strawberry gr- were. The crop is a very profitable one, a ready market being found for it in Brisbane and other coast towns. It will interest growers in other colonies to learn that Mr. Court, of Mooloolah.uear Brisbane, has cultivated a new seedling strawberry of excellent flavour and good size and which ripens a couple of months earlier than others. He sent two quarts to Sydney this season, and netted 5s 3d per quart. He has sow a great many of the plants growing. The mango is cultivated mostly in North Queens land at Mackay, Cairns, and Townsville, and other districts, though it is also grown successfully in the south. Owing to the 6oft nature of the fruit it is found to be a difficult one to expsrt beyond the colonies— although samples have been landed in London in fair condition. In addition to those specially referred to there were last year 157 acres cf apples, 20 acres custard apples, 170 acres of water and totk. melons, 500 acrea of cocoanuta, betides peaches, apricots, guavas, plums, persimmons, goo .- berries, nectarines, papaw apples, quinces, figs, and numerous others in smaller areas. ..,«,,„- Grapes are very generally cultivated both for market and trine-making throughout South Queens land, tnough thia branch of the iudustry has- re mained at a star dstill for several years past. The quantity grown 4,163,0001b., last year was no more than that for 1S95 This is to be ascribed entirely to the bame caus- whicU has impeded ether young industries-want of sufficient scientific information and knowledge of technical detail m attention to the v lies, aud the manufacture of wines. It has been, vufortur.r.tely, the practice of many viguerous in the past to place large portions cf their vintages on tne market iu au immature condition. I his was especially the case with those whose wine-making was of only iniaor importance in their farming operations, or who, owing to lack of financial re source, were unable to hold the wiue until it attained maturity. The follv of this policy experience has shcxru, aud many of those who formerly made wine to place immediately on the niaiket nave now wisely left its uroductiou those who devote their attention entirely to tae buciucs?. To enable vjguerous who desire to pi^ecute tbe wlue industry on a proper commercial scale, the department secured tbe service* of Mr. E H. Raiuford, a geutlemau who has bad a larsre viticultural experience in the famous wine makms? districts of the .South of Europe. What he Las so 'far seen of the colony leads him to the con clusion that \riue-ma king in Queensland can, w.ta prouei attention ou tUs part of producers, be devel oped u.to a large industry, and that it is no ex aggeration to say that in time it will provide pro fitable emplojmsnt for thousands of people and cive rise to a large export trade. At pressut the wine output ot the colony only amounts to 135,000 gallons.. CONDITIONS AND MODES OF AGRICUL TURAL. SELECTION. As it was then generally bulieved that the land back from the coast had uo agncultnral value, and was ouly su:ted to the depasturing of st- ck, the Laud Act of 1869 permitted pastoral companies and indi vidual squatters to take up enorm-jUE aieas under leases for 21 yeare. Bat when these leases were approaching expiry Parliament made provision by the Acts of 1884 and 188(3 for the resumption of pDr tions of them by the Crown for agricultural and ether purposes. In order to encourage cloBer settle ment, dgrieuKural areas are proclaimed on these resumed lands in such localitiei wheie tLe superior quality of the soil, the natural or artesian water supply, the proximity of markets, and the lacilities for transmit of produce by road, rail, or 6ea, in dicate that thrift, intelligent industry, and perse verance aie the principal expenditure necessary to acquire a comfortable home and an almost cer:ain ccuipeteuce for old age. To agriculturists de siring to secure the fee-simple of a iarm the facilities offered for obtaining a permanent home are numerous, and the conditions easy of fulfilment. ; the paymeats each year are so email and the period eo exieuded as to make thechaige really July equal to a low rental, but which iu the tud prccures the farmer his deeu of grant. H s initial 'outlay need only he very small if his tastes are ample, aud these can be satisfied now in any part of the iuterior at a cost verj little iu advance of prices ruling on tl.e coast. The cumate throughout Queensland is such that a man can not only work bui sleep iu the open air tbe whole year round, and though the winter nights call for warm blankets, the dry salubrious air readers out door life healthful and invigorating iu the extreme. But there is timber in abundance for the settler to build himself a dwelling place. The man with only a em- U amount of capital, for the first few years, will devote his energy to fencing, clearing and sowing his land, and gettiug as quic* a return us ho cau from it. His wants ace few, u'n ueigubours distant, aud beiue under no necessity of ''keepiug up xiptiear iinces,' a rough-built hut will satisfy his domestic lequiiements uulii he can aff.-rd the time aud expense toerecta morecomtuodiou∧ or uameutal structure. A timber license, which costs vety little, peimitB h m to cut beyond his own land an; timber he may . require eitucr for his house, lences, or firewood. Horaes are cheap— young, service ible, working animals fit for breaking to the plough, aie to be had almost every wliere at prices ranging from £3 or £& a head ^and often less) upwards. At the present time there are over 4,000.000 acres opeu to agricultural selection, there are two modes ot acquiring laud by agricultural selection :— ( I) Agricultural farms, (2) agricultural homes. eatig, the pnucipai difference between winch is that iu the case of homesteads the iana must be continuously occupied by the selector residing personally on it, while in the case oi agricultural farms, the residence qualification may be filled either by toe selector or by his manager or agent. The desire ot the GDvern mei.t to closely settle the laud with resident pro prietors is beeu ii- the coLdition which gives prii rity to applications for the same land as an agricultural homestead ovev applications for it as an agricultural farm where the land is open to both modes of selection and the applications are simul taneous. Applications for selection must be made in the prescribed form in triplicate, and must be lodged with the Laud Agent for the district within which the land is situated. They must be signed by the applicant, but may be lodged by hi6 duly -constituted attorney, and must he accompanied by a depu⁢ ot a year's rent and one-fifth of tue faurvey fee. No person who is not a British subject, either by birth or naturalisation, or who is under the age of 16 years, or who seeks to acquire the land eithei as the agent or tiustee or servant of another will be allowed to select. The following are the principal terms aud conditions under which farms and homesteads may be acquired : — Agricultural Farms. — The largest area that may be held by one person as an agricultural farm is 12S0 acres, aud if the same person select both a farm and a homestead, :he joint area must not exceed that amount. The purchasing price is deciareU by proclamation, and may rsnge from 10s an acre upwards. The term is 20 years, the annual rent one- fortieth of the purchasing price, aud the pay* mei.ts are credited as part of the price. The land must be continuously occuu.ed by the selector, his manager or agent residing personally on it. Wilhiu five years of the issue of tue license to occupy, or any extended terra uot exceeding two years, as the Land Couit may allow, the selector must enclose the land with a good and substantial fence, or make other substantial aud permanent improvements ou it equal in value to such a fence. When these itnprc vemeuts have been effected he becomes entitled to a lease of the tarm, and may thereafter mortgago it ; or, with the approval of the Minister, subdivide or transfer it, or with the permission oi the Court underlet it. After the improvements have been effected, any lessee (whether he acquired by selection or transfer) who has held the farm for five years, and has duly fulfilled the condition of occupation, may pay the part of the purchasing price then remaining unpaid aui obtain a deed of grant in fee-simple. After ten years, the then registered lessee may complete the purchase irrespective of the time he has held the lease. AGRICULTURAL HOMESTEADS. Land open to selection as agricultural farms is uot available for homestead selection unless it is bo pro claimed. The area allowed to be selected as a homestead varies with the quality of the laud. Thus, if the proclaimed land is open to both modes of selection, aud iE its purchase price as au agricul tural farm is £t or more an acre, then the maximum area allowed as a homestead is 160 acres ; if the price as a farm is between 15s and £1 an tcre, 320 tcres iB allowed ; and if the price is less than 16* «n acre as a farm then the homestead maximum area is 610 acres. The purchase price of a homsteadl is 2s 6d an acre, the annual rent 3d au acre, and the term 10 years. The land must be continuously oc cupied by the selector residing personally on it. As in the case of an agricultural farm, within five years or tbe extended period of not more than two years, file selector must enclose the homestead with a good and substantial fence, or make permanent and sub stantial improvements of an equal value ; on their 'completion he is entitled to his lease. At any time I after five years from the commencement of the term, on las proving that the conditions have been duly performed, and that the sum expended in im provements on the lanl has been at the rate of 10s, 5s, or 2b 6d an acre respectively according to the quality of the land, he may pay up the remaining rents so as to mate his total payments equal tj 2s 6d an acre, and obtain his freehold grant. Thus it will 'be seen that land that may be worth upwards of £1 an acre to the country as an agricultural farm, but sold, perhaps to an absentee, is offered at 2« 6d to the man who will make his permanent home on it for at least 10 years. One very excellent provision IE that which enables a group of two or more home stead selectors to associate together and combine for mutual assistance. On making proof of bona fides the Commissioner may issue a special license permitting uot less than one half of tbe whole num ber to perform the conditions of occupation and im provements for the group. In cases where several members of a family — say a father and several sons— bave taken up adjacent homesteads this provision allows some of them to engage in other occupations, while the others fulfil the conditions for all. The colony is divided into land agents' districts, in eich. of which there is a Public land office and a Government land agent, to whom all inquiries respect ing the situation, quality, rents, aud prices of lands available for selection in his dbtect should be ad dressed, and from whom plans cau be obtained. Connected with the Survey Department iu Bris bane there ie an office for the exhibition ind sale of maps, and therti full information respecting lands open for selection throughout the colony may be had TEE AGRICULTURAL LANDS PURCHASE ACTS. In 1894 special legislation was enacted to afford settlers an opportunity of farming some of the ino&t; valuable lauds which had already been alienated from the Crown. The sptcial value of these tiebooldB as agricultural lauds having been demonstrated, the needs of tbe local markets set up a demand for them. To purchuse the land outright was Jeuevally beyond the means of the farmer, and the owners could not offer terms of payment sufficiently liberal. The State sertled tbe difficulty. The Agricul tural Lands Purchase Act of 1891 and the Amending Act of 189/ empower the Govern ment (in districts where suitable Crown lands are not available) to purchase specially fertile estates and resell them- to the public in small lots. The selector is allowed 20 years' teims ; he pays the full cost of the land, with 5 pur cent, interest per annum added. For every £100 of his purchase be pays in tbe first yeni £10, u jthing in the seoond, aud then £7 19s in each of the succeeding IB years ; after which the property becomes bis own. Tbe laud must be occupied continuously during the whole term of tbe lease, either personally by the selector or by his manager or agent, and withiu five years be must enclose it with a fence. After five years he may secure the freehold grant by paying the balance due on the unexpired term. Applica tions must be signed by the applicant, bnt they may be lodged by an attorney 'with the land agent for the district. Priority *moug simultaneous applications is determined by lot.and all applications are regarded as simultaneous up to the day and boar of the opening of the land to selection as set forth in the prockmati -n. AciB.useint.be 1897 Amending Act gives special facilities to agriculturists beyond the colony to make their homes on these fertile Unds. It is provided that the Governor in Council may, by proclamation, set apart any area of land on the purchased estates, but not exceeding one-fourth of any such, estate, for selection unde- the conditions and terms vi payment of the Principal Acr, but no person shall be eligible to select within any such wea— (a) Unless he has arrived in the colony less thaa three months before makjug his apphoatiou, and (b) unless he has resided continuously out of the colony for the period of five years immediately before such arrival in the colony. All lands thrown open to selectors, w aether uiidsr the provisions of the Agricultural Lands Purchase Act or otherwise, are previously announced in the ' Government Gazette,' and will also be advertised in this paper, which will in the future contain maps showing the position of the Government purchased land when it is ready for selection. On June 30, 1899, under the A.L.P. Act the Government had bought back 132,089 acres of alienated lands in different parts of the country, 98,247 acres being in the Darling Downs district It will be noted in tbe subjoined table that of the 85.237 acres surveyed in farms and thrown cpen to selection 81,547 acres were takeu up by 631 farmers, leaving only 3690 acre? remaining unsiit^ted at present — a striking testimony of tbe popularity of this mode of .settlement. The difference-it msk«3 to the colony is that on land where there were pre viously not more than a score of individuals there are now 631 resident proprietors (or their managers}, most of them with families. Over 25 per cent, of the landis now under cultivation or is bem ; ploughed^ ready for it. Tise value of the improvements (fenc ing, houses, sheds, dams, wells, ploughing, &c.;) amounts to £70,709 on the eight estates soiar dealt with. The following is a summary of the operations under tha A.L.P. Acts up to the present date : — f : ; : : : U : F : : : : : I ^o-to« r*.P1?'i;n*2i-'*Jo.P-,p °6r tscoi-'tetstaifc.Mtetatsatststatfe k, ,_ CoSooSoS».5oS33»Olll S«J 0000000000)0 0-OO Oft I .8 j$ .E _-, - g JS ,-* g jg » £ jg tj g |w o « « 15 h » o on '?) 01 *to *p- is a bh ^ 8- {?' ObS-COC0034-0».C£CQCD-OIC03' gt- S w lw K/ w* tC CD CD *l— H^ *^ W ? CD ^'* CO O ' ii?ifffi!mtiri n : : ? I : : : I : ?? ?* : I : I I . . . . . . . f ...... .8- . \-- g y % g1 WZ Z ZzgZ ' j§ 0 2 g 2 2 -°- g « «- 5° *? w* .« P s-oo? *? ilililsflllSlgi. flfli ttiUt*!*sa8§eg -^'& as. || i. t. S |s 1 i * *a § '§ 4 mo p 8^ = sa S 1 a. a g w bi si tc ? g' ? 10 » « w ? ' ' 111! I Uhz §8?i- i 1 S 2 S 3 ft Q S*19 II- pc P w 03 00 P ^il-i*; en OS * »?»» *n*-. t— 1 CO CD ^D fO'g'W &V;| f Hitherto operations bad been confined to the Darling. Downs and Moreton districts. Latterly the Government has looked further afield and pur chased the freeholds of Fitzroy Park at Rockhampton and Seaforth Estate near Mackay. The latter has been secured to enable farmers to obtain small areajB of vi gin soil suitable for sugar- growing withiu rea sonable distance of tram lines, in order to engage in the profitable pursuits o£ growing cane and selling it to the proprietary or co- operative mills. Seaforth Estite is ou the coast between Cape Hills borough and Port Newry, and about 30 miles from filackay by a very circuitous route. The estate, for the must part, consists oi undulating land. Two thirds of it, inclusive of some excellent volcanic scrub land, suitable for cofiee-growiug, is good sugar land. A tramway from Habana sugar plantation is within six or seven miles, aud no doubt will be brought nearer aft the new areas are planted with cane. Clifton No. 2 and No. 3, in ihe Warwick land agent's district, will be opened some time in October, the survey of the taxms being now complete. These blocks adjoin tbe original Clifton purchase, or which there wub such a great rush when it was proclaimed. Beauaraba Estate, in the Toowoomba district, is in the vicinity of Pitts worth, one of the Dowub agricultural townships. Two-thirds of the estate consists of excellent agricultural laud, the balance being round basaltic ridges growing splendid grass and herbage. Mr. W. C. Hume, late Under- - {Secretary for Lands, and now member of the Land Court, reported on it to the Government before purchase, stating among other matters that two thirds of it is quite equal to the best part of Head ington Hill or Clifton, The agricultural, land has the additional advantage of being sheltered from dry or cold winds by timbered ridges which surround it. Lake Clarendon Estate, tbe latest Government purchase, has a frontage to Loekyer Creek, one of the tributaries of tbe Brisbane River. The success of the Rosewood settlement, on the opposite side of the creek, raised a demand for more land on the same terms. Quite recently a new purchase was effected, and ie now about to be cut up into farms by tbe Government surveyors. Along die- bank of the creek, and extending back for several mileB, there is a considerable extent of rich alluvial deposit, such as has made other parts of tbe Moreton district famous for its agricultural growths. Scores of settlers will make a comfortable living here. The eagerness of southern farmers to seize every favourable opportunity of settling on these rich lands is 'shown by the keennesB of the competition when tbe blocks are available. In fact, it was owing to the compluntB of unsuc cessful applicants that the special reservation in favour of outsiders was made. A country whose wealth of resources embrace* such a sreat variety of products offer* to an industrial people inducements equalled by no other country in the southern hemi sphere. And it is gratifying to note that so many natural advantages are steadily attracting coloniBts of the right stamp. Not a day passes at the Bris bane Lands Office that applications or inquiries for ajricultur.il or pastoral lands are not wade either n person or by letter from all parts of Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand. That agriculture is not more advanced in Queens land has been justlv attributed by all those who aave studied the question to the fact that, with Tare ex ceptions, the early settlers were not bred to farming. Whatever of failure has a tended the efforts of the farmers is traceable in a large degree to. want of knowledge of the scientific principles %nd practical technique which are essential to success ful sgricultural cultivation. The unpractical man is nevertheless still going on the laud. This was vary clearly brought out two years ago by the +!oyal Commission on Land Settlement, of which the pre sent Minister tor Agriculture was odb of the mem bers. The commission took evidence iu all tbe agri cultural districts, aud much testimony was given showing that numbers of persons who had t a teen up selectious had quite mistaken their vocation, for, as one witness said, ' Honestly speaking, some of them have no business to be on the laud, as they are not adapted to it.' ' Are you of opinion thit a homestead -in that dis trict (Degilbo, Maryborough, will support a man ?' he was asked. ' It will,' he replied, ' if he has any desire to support himself. If he has energy aud abiiiiy it will Bupport uim. I can give you an instance of a man named Cieary who has 70 acres under tbe plough, and he has not been on his land five years yet. He hs-f cleared the land with the exception, of big stumps, and be has this season a maize crop that Will give him 2000 bushels. He nas from 20 to 30 tona of hay in sheds or, stacks, 10 acres of potatoes, pumpkins, and nearly an acre of arrowroot, amongst aUier things. That man with the assistance of bos youug sons has been able to tic ali that, besides a consider vble amount of fencing, and all inside four and a half years.' The witness himself was evidently one of the right stamp. In the same time by bis own un aided efforts he had Id acres under crops, and was then : engaged in clearing 25 acres more. Sneaking of himself he said : 'I had no im plements and but two light horses when I left Brisbane, and after I had paid the railway fare^ for my wife and family I had not sufficient money to pay a man £1 tn take my goods irom the. Big geuden railway station to the selection. That was my p--Bition at the start.' i ' How did you make your way ? ' ' By getting riugbarking to do, aud by working for the Divisional Buard.' Men such as ne are bound to succeed before long. ** Where there's a will there's a way,' an.3 a stout heart and strong determination will sur mount the initial difficulties of farming in Queens land. Reooflrnieing that there are numbers of Bucn farmers whose operations are impeded only for want of proper equipment, or the uecessary means ot support during The most difficult stages of settlement, the Government has resolved to intro duce a measure of monetary advances to settlers which will include assistance to this class. Indeed, from time to time the Government has giveu, and does still give, aid something after this kind. It has often happened that farmers aud their families \- have -comb to Queensland from South Australia, Victoria, and even New Zealand to settle on Crown lands, but could ill afford the expenses of removal. On representing their cases to Che Minister for Agriculture their steamer fares and ' freight charges have been remitted out of the Immigration Fund, and. besides, they have been conveyed with their outfit by boat or rail free of expense to the nearest point to their new homes. THE MINISTER FOR AGRICULTURE. Agriculturists are fortunate iu having at the ? head of the department a Minister sympathetic and energetic, enthusiastic and practical, oue who, like bis predecessor, the Hon. A. J. Tbynne. misses no opportunity of acquainting himself with the conditions and requirements of every branch of the industry. He is constantly among tbe farmers, Agricultural shows, conferences, and. the like always command bis presence and keeuest interest in the proceedings. Mr. Castaway brings with him to the department 17 years' experience of the agricultural district of Mackay, of which he is senior representative in Parliament. He is a son of the Rev. James Chataway, rector of Rotherwick, ?? Hants, England. He was born in Warwickshire in 1852, and was educated at Winchester College, . where he had obtained a scholarship. He read for the Indian Civil Service examinations, but was com pelled to abandon his studies owipg to ill -health, and in the hope that a change of climate would be bene ficial he came to Australia in 1873. He followed various occupations in Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland as hi6 health permitted. For a tune he was ' jackeroo ' on a station, aud then he went ' adrovinV He had, however, a predilection for journalism, with which profession many of his rela tives were more ir less connected. Soveuteen jeara ago he joined the ' Mackay Msrcury,' of which he is proprietor. Mr. Chataway has devoted his career as a journalist chiefly to the study and advocacy of the interests of tbe agricultural industry. He is also part proprietor of the ' Sugar Journal,' a monthly magazine devoted to the higher technical branches of sugar cultivation and manufacture, an which he is considered one of our best authorities. In 1889, in pursuit of his studies in this branch of agriculture, he visited Egypt, and examined the different methods of cane culture practised there. He was elected to represent Mackay at the general elec tions in 1893, and again in 1896 and 1899. When he speaks the House listens attentively, especially when the sugar or other agricultural industries are the subject of debate. THE UNDER SECRETARY. While a Minister may come and go ou the flow and ebb of popular favour, tbe Under Secretary remains as tbe repository ox* the collected wisdom and experience of successive chiefs. Mr. Peter M'Loan u a native of Glasgow ; he was educated at tbe Normal School there. In 1854, when only 17, he caught the gold fever and rushed off to Victoria, but after seven years he returned to his native land to pursue fortune iu the channel of agriculture. His health, failing, lie came to Queensland in 18 d5 and began dairying ou the Logan River. In 1876 , he was returned as member of Parliament for his electorate and in 18J8 became a member of the Douglas Ministry as Secretary for Public Lands, but the Government was defeated in the following year. Mr. M'Lean was elected three times to represent the Logan, till he was defeated at the general election in 1883\. Daring the time he was in Parliament he repeatedly introduced a Permissive Bill drawn .on lineg similiar to those submitted to the Imperial Parliament by Sir Wilfrid Lawson. and although unsuccessful in. passing the measure, he had trie satisfaction of seeing thB principles of local option embodied iu the ' Licensing Act of 1885.' Shortly after being defeated for Parliament he accepted tae position of Inspecting Commissioner of Crown Lands, which position he held until the creation of the Department of Agriculture. The farmers through out the colony hold Mr. M'Lean m high and well -merited esteem ; he has always kept in close personal touch with them ; he is personally ac quainted with their surroundings, and, a practical farmer himself, understands the difficulties and details of their work. He ib assisted by a loyal band of officers, and the spirit that moves the whole is admirable. When a body of men like these poll in tiie one direction, with a long and a strong pull, something must shift And the agricultural in dustry in Queensland is shifting along right merrily. There is only one thing needed, and that is popula tion of the right Bort. The Government, through its lecturers and commercial agents in Great Britain and Europe, is endeavouring to induce a desirable agricultural class to dobsbbs themselves of homes on the broad rich lands of Queensland. Until lately, almost all who have responded .to the invitations have been either farm labourers or farmers with, very slender purses. But at last the gentleman farmer has also appeared on the scene. It is certainly only a matter of time for the profession of agriculture to rise in the social scale in Queens land as it ha; in other countries, where the great agricultural schools have sent oat thousands of students of eool social standing to engage in agri cultural pursuits. Environment has made us a more versatile people than those in the old lands ; as circumstances ordain we adapt ourselves with considerable ease to very different occupations. I believe, that, aa in the l/uited States, where-the country magistrates, lawyers, doctors, and other prof essi -nal men not only own farms, but work them, themselves, one of the future features of the industry in Queensland will be the combining of agriculture with other pursuits by professional men. Rural life has its charms for all, and m the spread of agricultural educ&tion;, especially iu its higher branches, the pleasures will be intensified. As Cicero puts into the UK-uth of Cato : '* They are not interrupted by old age, and they seem to me to be the pursuits in which a wise man's life should be spent The earth does not rebel apainet authority ; it never gives back but with usury what it receives. The g»inB of husbandry are not what exclusively commend it. I am charmed with the nature and productive virtues of the soil. In my opinion there can be no happier life, not only because the tillage of the earth is salutary to all, brft from the pleasure it yields. The whole establish* ment of a good and assiduous husbandman is stored with wealth ; it abounds in pigs and kids, in lambs, in poultry, in milk in .cheese, in honey. Notbing can be more profitable, nothing more beautiful than a well cultivated farm.' 