Political Mews. TKe first meeting of the Election Com mittee formed to secure the return of Messrs. Power and Suthers for Gympie, was held last night, and was splendidly attended. The electorate was divided into districts, and sub-committees with power to add to their number were ap -ointed. Mr. 'C. B. Steele was appointed secretary. Saturday's Worker: — 'Labor should about win both Gympie seats this trip.' Some of our contemporaries keep on repeating ad nauseam that the present Ministry is the ' Continuous Ministry ' — that the government of Queensland ' has practically for eight years been in the hands of one party, and one set of men,' bub they never take note of the important fact that the electors of Queens land have had the opportunity given by two general elections to express their opinion of the Ministry. Their verdict has been decisively in favour of conbinu niic rfnnrl cfnvpimmfini', n.nrl n.c/n.insh bad government by a Socialistic party with 44 planks, or its combination with the ' other party ' which is prepared to make an unholy alliance with the Socialists in order to save the seats of those of its members which are in danger. It is expected that the Premier (Mr. Dickson), will leave Melbourne on Thursday, and be in Brisbane on Monday. Interviewed by a representative of the S. M. Herald, Mr. Dickson said with respect to the coming General Election : — 'He had no apprehension whatever ; he was sure the Government would be returned with a decided majority, fully as large, if not larger, than the present excess of 15. The Ministerial party was never in better form to go before the country. It had been working well and cordially, and was perfectly united. So far as the issue was concerned, the public regarded it as a question of whether the Labor Party or the present Ministerial Party should hold the reins of Government. The question of Liberal Independents was a thing of the past, and now there was a distinct line of demarcation. The Labor Party was the Opposition Party, and the Government regarded Mr. Glassey, as the leader of the Opposition, because he really was the leader. The struggle is this, 'Labor versus national and rational pro gress.' Where is tne juauour jrarcy s oisoipnne f (asks a Northern contemporary). Here is what the chosen plebiskyte can didate for the Cook, Mr. Horan, says of electorate ; — 'To him I say, take my ad vice, you hocus pocus nincompoop, and sling the gum-pot and scissors. Don't be trying to pass yourself off as editor of the Beacon because you haven't brains enough to sell mousetrays to chinkies. Bah ! the man who would bo afraid of [your opposi tion would die afc the sight of a deserted ghost m a graveyard, and would never be elected to even an honorary position in a Josshouse.' ? — 'John Plumper Hoolan, Esq., M.L. A.,' as the play-bills have it, is going to give a 'public enter bainment' in the Centennial Hall next Thursday evening, when he will discourse on the ' A.L F W.P.O.. C.P.F,.. P.T, P YOTr » ,,= (-1,0 bills have it again, the members of which several parties are invited to drop in and 'hear him,' after leaving 3s., 2st, or Is. at the door. I (Queensland Times cor respondent) am credibly informed that ' Burke's versatile member' (play -bills again) is going to balk sbraight to the A. L. F. and ibs congeners, that he is going bald-headed for the genial Tom Finney as opposed to Organiser Mat Reid, ' and if Finney is elected, which I hope he will,' I understand J.P.H. is going to say, ' I will bake my 'seat beside him in Parlia ment.' That would be straight enough for the A.L F.-ers. Mr S Grimes ML. A , for Oxley, is of apinion that if the land tax advocated by bhe Labor party were imposed, it would iepreciate the value of outside DroDertiea fully 33 per cent, and would also lessen the value of all Crown lands. 