: treakln; in a (look Agent, j : '1 am fifraid that I onee spoiled a good j book ageut," said the head member of a book 1 agency. : , f. We had gnttea out an- expeosive- reli- gious oooK. anuuaa aaverLieea tor agents to handle it. Among the numerous applicants was a tall, latiky youth . 1 asked him if he thonght he- conld sell books, and he said that he reckoned he conld. - " Very well,' said I, ' Til see what you can. do. Take this book, and consider that I am your intended victim. The priceof the book runs from 2 do)s:-to 4 dols but you must al ways endeavour to sell the highest priced book, although it is uo disgrace if you ouly succeed in selling the cheaper kind. If you succeed in selling me a book I will hire you. Now, go ahead.' "He took the book, fumbled it awkwardly, and then stammered : " ' Ye dou't wan to buy a book, do ye, mister ?' " I smilingly assured him that I did not. " 1 Better buy :one,' said he, ' I'll sell it to ye pretty cheap.' " Get out of here T I- yelled, pretending to be mad. ' Don't you see that sign, ' Book Agents Not Wanted.'" " I'll yet ye have one for 4 dols., mister, secin' its's ye,' said be, taking off his coat and throwing it on the floor. " ' I am afraid / I began. " Four dollars, mister, and cheap at the price,' he added, as he rolled up his shirt sleeves. I didn't like the look of all these warlike proceedings, and declared the test off. - But be refused, and gave me three minutes to dig up' the price of the book. " While I was trying to make the fellow : understand that tho- joke had gone far oajijub iiejumped at me. " I didnt stand, the ghost of "a -show with the husky youth, and soon found myself on the floor with the would-be book-agent sit ting upon me, sayug sometbiug about a book be would sell me ' powerful cheap.' -' To save my life, I reluctantly consented to take oue of the 2 dob kind. He said be was sorry, but be only sold the 4 dnl. kiud. .".He allowed me to get one baud loose, and I .produced 4 dols , whereupon he re leased me, and wanted to know bow soon he could go to work. " I kept my word,- and hired him, sent, him as far West as I could, and then discharged him by wire." .. 