CHRIST CHURCH, BEECHWORTH. dedication of new chancel window. It will be ' remembered that some months since the window at the extreme end of the chancel of this church was destroved bv a furious storm, which shattered it to pieces. The aperture was boarded up until the window could be replaced, arid after a while the task of collecting contributions from the parish ioners was initiated by Mrs. A. A. Bill- sou, who with the aid of some other ladies were very successful in raising the required sum, the estimated cost for a stained glass window, worthy of the edifice, being about" £40. A design was selected, and Mr. W. Montgomery, of Melbourne, undertook the task of reproducing, with some improveriients, resulting in a beauti- ful-windo v which is a, rare specimen of careful arid artistic construction, being composed of "a iarge number of pieces of colored glass fitted closely together to'foriri; the design./ The window is lancet' shape, with a border / of different colors. The principal figure represents Christ seated upon, a- 'throrie', crowned arid wearing a white robe ornamented with golden sprays, over which is a- scarlet liiarifle. TJie face is a triuhiph1 of Artistic expression, /wear ing a majestic but benignant look. In a circle/ above the letters I; H;S. ap pear on a blue background, surmounted by a golden ; croivn/ arid beneath : the figure ariother design, represents a lamb bearing the cross/ while at the base ap pears the inscription/ "Presented by the parishoners." ; The cciiitrast of bright colors'iri' tlie principal figure is pleasing to the eye, 'and tlie soberer tints' of the background render th e .whole cqm position one which is iriipressive 'by '.its absence from all florid or gaudy ornamentation; The delicate bask' of raising the window to its destiriatiorir and placing it- securely in position was 'entrusted to Messrs. Hardy and Kyle"/ who carried - it out with entire satisfaction/" ' - \- A special service for the unveiling and dedication of the window; was arranged by the incumbent, the Rev/.Geo, Pennicott, which was held on the morning of Sunday last; the tenth Sunday :after Trinity. The >crvice commenced with the singing of hymn 142, " We love the place, O God," aiid subsequently the following prayer was made previous to unveiling tlie win-, doiv " Almighty God, who liast called us out of darkness into Thy marvellous light/ mercifully accept our service, and graciously receive at our hands this win dow, which we offer and dedicate to beautify the place of Thy Sanctuary, and in honor of Him, the brightness of Thy glory, whom thou has given to be a light to lighten the Gentiles, even Jesus Christ, who with Thee and the Holy Ghost 'ever llveth one God. Allien." The minister also thanked the parishoners who so freely and generously subscribed for the window, also the lady who had collected the same. The veil before the window was then drawn aside, and the rays of the inidday;sun streamed through, displaying -the beauty of the design to its fullest advantage. The following, was sung im mediately after the unveiling : — This window— gift of love- Within Thy Temple set ; We now unveil in song- And sacred worship met. \- Accept it, Saviour God, In plenitude of grace, And grant to us in "bliss The vision if Thv face. Amen. The text for the discourse was taken from the 2nd verse of the 6th chapter of the second book of Chronicles : " But I have built an house of habitation for thee, and a place for thy dwelling for ever." The minister commenced with a graphic description of Mount Moriah, the site of the Temple at Jerusalem, how it was levelled at the summit to prepare for the erection of the sacred building, and the procedure of the work in total silence, the stones being hewn and the timbers shaped in readiness, so that no sound of an im plement was heard ; but " like some-tall palm the fane in silence grew.!' Then came a vivid description of the gor geous and most imposing ceremonies at the dedication of the Temple, the grand proces sion of King Solomon with his bodyguard beariug their 5 JO golden shields, pre ceded by the priests and Levites, ascend ing the massive stairs and halting on each landing, where were , stationed musicians, with trumpets and psalteries, who joined in the sacred songs. Then the entering into the .Temple, the king seated upon Hiis brazen throne, the placing of the Ark and sacred vessels in the Holy of Holies, and the awe-inspiring circumstances by which God signified his presence in the magnificent buildiug reared to his honor and worship. The decline of the Jewish monarchy, the last siege of Jerusalem by the Romans, the destruction of the Temple, and the disper sion of the Jews as a nation, were elo quently depicted, also the affection which they still cherished in all ages .and in all 'countries for the splendid Temple of their forefathers. The reverend gentleman then proceeded to show that though Christianity supplanted the Mosaic dis pensation, and was adopted by all Euro pean nations, the idea of . raising grand edifices specially devoted to His worship was retained and gave rise to the magnifi cent cathedrals, many of which still re main to inspire awe and respect for the piety and genius of their builders, while other sacred buildings which have suffered from the ravages of neglect or vio lence are still beautiful in their ruins. He -then spoke of the churches iu the old land, which many present might recall as having attended in their childhood, -and touched upon the reverential affebtion with which they were regarded. In the magnificent fanes re ferred, to the perfectiori of art and the lavishness of wealth were .combined to make them superior' in ornamentation to any secular building as a tribute of human devotion in the honor of God. The same spirit should be -shown in any building devoted to His service; \ They had here in Beechworth a- building which testified to the piety, and liberality of its founders; and they should be careful that in its adornment they should endeavor to let it be of the best, ' and nothing : mean or paltry. The ; beautiful window unveiled that day was a proof of the continuance of that spirit, and would long remaiu as evidence of their pipus. "generosity., But while thus working, for the adornment of the House of God, they should also strive to build up a spiritual temple within them selves, and to make themselves worthy, to stand face to face with the Creator; in the glorious hereafter; ... . / q . ,/ .-- 