BISHOP MURRAY (MAITLAND) ON THE MANNING. His Arrival at Krambach. We have been very courteously sup plied with the following account of Bishop Murray's visit to Krambach : — As his Lordship approached Krambach the Catholic people of the district went out to meet him, some in vehicles, ; others on horseback, and as his Lord ship drove along he got a very hearty welcome from them all. After a little inquiry about themselves and their families his Lordship drove to the church to commence his usual work of visitation, in examining the children for Confirmation, of. which he was kept very busy till late on Saturday night. On Sunday morning he had the great, pleasure of administering the sacrament of Holy Communion to seventy-five people. After the eleven o'clock Mass his Lordship conferred the Sacrament of Confirmation on the young aspirants, and explained to them very clearly the obligations they con tracted that morning, by receiving the Holy Ghost, the third person of the most adorable Trinity. He then spoke of the great love our Divine Lord has for- us by instituting the Sacraments of Penance and the Blessed ] Eucharist and the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass. On the latter his Lordship dwelt for some time, giving most con vincing proofs from the Gospel of St, John and from the writings of the Fathers of the Church. He then urged on the people never to lose Mass, except in case of necessity. He then very clearly laid down the great desire Holy Church has that her children should frequently approach the Sacra ments of Penance and Holy Eucharist. After explaining to the people the necessity they are under of approach ing the Sacrament of Penance and the Blessed Eucharist he explained very clearly the Catholic doctrine on the necessity of Prayer, quoting the short and pithy words of St. Symon, ' If we pray we shall save our souls, but if we neglect to pray, we shall lose our souls.' After that his Lordship passed on to the necessity of devotion to the Blessed Virgin if we want to save our souls. He explained very clearly the Catholic doctrine on devotion to the Mother of God, showing from both the Old and New Testaments how she was se lected by the three Divine persons from all eternity to be the Mother of the second person made man. He then quoted from the Gospel of St. Luke how the Holy Ghost inspired her to proclaim her own greatness. ' From henceforth all generations shall call me blessed.' He showed how foolish it would he for a person to say he could love but despised his Blessed Mother. He then expected every Catholic family to say their Holy Rosary every night, and that it would be a great. means , to preserve. . them from sin, .and help, very-much to save their souls.' At the end of this most impressive and instructive sermon his Lordship gave his blessing, after which the people left the Church. At seven p.m. a large number of people collected' for evening devotions. His Lordship gave out the Holy Rosary, after which he preached a most important and instructive sermon on the doctrine of purgatory, showing very clearly from both the Old and New Testaments and from the writings of the early Fathers of the Church that it is the duty of people to pray always for the souls of deceased friends. After the sermon Benediction of the Most Blessed Sacrament was given, and at the end of the dovotions the following address was read by Mr. John Joseph Gallagher : — My Lord,— It is with feelings of the greatest love and pleasure that we, the Catholic people of Krambach, welcome your Lordship once more amongst us. For more than a quarter of a Century you have presided over the once vast Diocese of Maitland, and, notwithstand ing the distance, and the great inconvenience your Lordship had to encounter in the early days of your episcopacy from impassable roads and swollen rivers and creeks, still your Lordship never forgot the scattered children in this remote part of the Diocese of Maitland, and now, my lord, under your guidance. It must be very pleasing to your Lordship to see the great strides the Holy * Church is making at Krambach. Less than . A decade ago Krambach was very insignifi cant, but now, thank God, we can boast of saving a branch of the good, zealous, and Self -sacrificing Sisters of St. Joseph amongst Us, who impart to our children a good, sound, religious and secular education; as can be Seen from the late report of the Rev. School Inspector, Now under Almighty God we owe all this to 'your Lordship's zeal and fatherly love for both us and our children. \- We can assure your Lordship that notwith standing how remote we are from your paternal care, we yield to no Catholic in the Diocese of Maitland in -love and deepest respect for your Lordship, and we need not tell you how thankful we are to God -that He in His divine wisdom has brought you over your long and severe illness. We hope that He will grant your Lordship many long and happy years to come to guide the destinies of Holy Church in the Diocese of Maitland, and hoping that your Lordship will yet often visit us. Begging your Lordship to accept our humble offering, we would sincerely wish it were much, larger ; but it is in accordance with our means, and knowing it is - the good wishes that you value most, we affectionately ask your lordship's blessing on ourselves, our children, and our homes. His Lordship made the following reply My Dearly Beloved Brethren, — When I came amongst you I did not expect to receive any address, much less a testimonial. I came here to discharge an important duty, to give Confirmation to your children, and to ' see your wants provided for. It gives great encouragement and consolation, to a Bishop to see the people appre ciate the blessings which he brings with him. I am deeply grateful to you for your kindness and generosity, and very thankful to ' God for ' having placed under my charge such an ex cellent people, amongst whom religion is making great progress. I remember, when passing through Krambach some years ago, not remaining at all, as there* were very few Catholics here then.. It was then called Larry's Flat. Since then the'Catholic 'population lias increased, and -now you have in your midst a Convent, Church, and -School which, according to Father O'Donohoe's report, ranks amongst the best schools in the Diocese. Now, you thank me for providing you with the means of giving your children a sound Catholic education, but . there are others, too, whom you have to thank. ' There is Father M'Gough, who laboured so zealously to spread religion amongst you; who is now working in another mission, and whom you should never forget. Your priests assisted me very much in providing you with this school, and now that you have it I am glad that you appreciate the blessings of religious education for your children. But I am sorry to find that some of the Catholics do not act with the spirit of the church. Our Divine Lord said that ' Scandals will come.' It seems a strange saying, but in His own school he had a traitor amongst His apostles; so do not be surprised that there are traitors amongst you. I hope our Lord will change the hearts of those foolish people. It is not the occasion for saying very severe things to you, but great sacrifices have been made to maintain the Catholic schools,, and I cannot but mention that some amongst you do not appreciate such a great blessing. About seventy-five received Holy Communion this morn ing. It gratified me to hear that nearly the whole congregation received Holy Communion. When a priest travels 20, 30, or 40 miles at a time to say Mass, and instead of having the whole congregation he has only a part, it is very discouraging, and worries more than all he has to do for a week. This cannot he said of you, my dear brethren, as you attend Mass regularly and go to the Sacraments frequently. Father Foley has told me personally of your goodness. I am very pleased to say you kept me very busy yesterday, and I hope when I come to visit you again, which I trust I will, you will keep me engaged in the same way. Wishing you all a happy new year, I will now give my blessing. You have the rain, which is a great temporal blessing, and you have my blessing, and the blessing of God which I wish you all. - 