NOTES OH CURRENT EVENTS. The idea generally accepted, when a ship is wrecked on a rock, is thab by negligence or misfortune the ship ran on to the rock. There are, of course, differences of opinion on most questions, but ib is the exception rather than the rule to adopt any other view on thi'a prrticular question. An American paper forma the exception which proves the rule. A few months ago an American liner came to grief on the Manacles Rock. The editor of the New Yoth Sun thereupon got very indignant — warm, in fact — with the British Governmenb for allowing the Manacles bo run into the abeuinship Paris. *' Captain Watkins,' cries our Yankee brother quill, ' was familiar with the course, and he is known to be a vigilant and cautious com mander. The British Government has a responsibility which it can no longer escape. Two fine steamships have now met disaster at or near the Manacles.' I trust Lord Salisbury will read the Sun's remarks and aob as sich. A dangerous reef, like the Manacles, oughbn'b lo bt- left lumbering about for ships to collide with and people to bark their shin3 on. It's almost as criminal as finishing a sentence with a preposition. * * * - # Statistical information is perhaps a little out of place in this column, but in view of the very large number of people who for various reasons object to vaccination, I cannot refrain from quoting some interesting figures with regard to small-pox in Europe : — "This scourge has taken away, on a mode rate estimate, over three million lives in the last 100 years. Small-pox in 1848 destroyed. 6903 lives, and in 1897 only 25, thus showing the beneficent effects of vaccination and re vaccination. Since these have been made compulsory in Germany there has been no death from that malady for the last 25 years among any of the insured with the Gresharn throughout the German Empire." I give the above facts as a practical commentary on the following item in a recent Melbourne paper : "Mr. George Trimmer, a venerable Quaker, was prosecuted ab the Ballarat police court for non-compliance with the Vaccination Act. ' I have no wish,' he said, ' bo defy bhe law, but in such a case as this, as it is against the teaching of the Bible and of my .own creed, I would prefer death in my own person to compliance with this barbarous thing.' A fine of £1 was inflicted. Coun cillor Johnson was also fined £1 for similar neglect.' * * * The spread of the English language — more ? particularly of what may be termed ' slang- ? wageous' idioms— in all parts of the world, . and amid mosb unlikely surroundings, is littld shorb of marvellous. In a group of painted savages ia one of bhe lasc places where one would expecb to find the phraseology of Sb, James's or St. Giles, yet there is a sugges tion of both in the reply received by a recent visitor to Fiji. He says : — ''After being there for some weeks, and while on the King's Isle of Bau, I happened on an emer gency to want a shilling. I turued to a very superior- looking Fijian, dressed or rather un dressed, like an ordinary native, and on the off-chance said in English, ' Have you got s shilling about you?' Judge of my surprise when, with a drawl that one would expect from a Johnnie in the Gaiety bar, he replied, ' Upon my soul, deah boy, I haven't got even a blooming copper.' He was the king's son, and had been sent to Sydney to be educated.' * * * * ~ The records of the Divorce Court exhibit many strange causes that have from time to time been put forward as grounds for- a dis solution or marriage. In one instance the fact thab one of bhe parties was in the habit of nnoring was urged with much eloquence as a sufficient reason for divorce. In another instance, and assuredly with greater justifi cation, the husband sought release because hia wife was ruining him with her passion for bargains. She used to spend all his money buying useless articles aO auction, and when one day she came borne with a second hand tombstone, he brought his action. A still more remarkable case, however, comes from America. A message from Albany, New York, dated May 2, states that Anna Rivera, who has begun an action for divorce from her husband, claims that the ghost of her husband's first wife infests the house and makes her miserable. It appears at nights and frightens her so that she is unable to sleep. Ib comes near to her and indulges in paroxysms of weeping, and occasionally it smashes the furniture. Mrs. Rivera's asser tions were at first laughed at, but she per sisted in them, and upon being medically examined was declared sane. LIPPON DAIRN. Boring at Black Range. — Tenders are invited by the Minister of Mines for the sinking of 11 bores at Black Range. Ten dera must be in by 14bh August. Dental Notice. — Mr. Shanasy, the den bist, will pay his next visit to the tipper Murray districb during Augusb. The towns and dates appear in the advertisement of bbis issue. Crown Land Sale. — A Bale of Crown lands will be held at Albury on 23rd August. The lots to be offered include a number of Albury town allotments, and a block of 163 acres at Dora Dora. Yackandandah Shire Council.— Mr. W. Wallace, of Kersunvah. has definitely de cided to oppose Mr. Nevin, the retiring coun cillor for the Kiewa riding, ab the annual elections this month. 'Sydney Mail.' — Tho current issue of the Sydney Mail contains a number of beauti fully executed illustrations of Albury and surrounding district. Mr. G. Hunter, local agent, is now delivering. Partnership. — Mr. W. S. Norman an nounces elsewhere that he has admitted to partnership Mr. Alfred M^IUree, late of Biggt-ra, and that the business will in futura be carried on under tho name of W. S. Norman and Co. Babbit Trapping at Corowa.- For two montliH several rabbit trappers from Victoria have been following their occupation in the outlying parts of the districb. They dispatch on an average 300 pairs to Melbourne, which returns a fair wage. Blankets for the Poor.— Mr. F. A. Piggin, secretary of the Corowa Progress Committee, has received 30 blankets from tho Chief Secretary for distribution among the local poor. To provide against imposi tion, each application has to bo endorced by tho sergeant of police. Walwa Library. — Ib has been decided to hold a grand concert and dance in aid of the above library to enable the committee to purchase tho Art/us publication of tha ' Encyclopedia Britannica.' The above concert and dance will be hold in the Walwa Hall on Friday evening, August 25. Homestead Selections, — It is announced in our business columns that 42 small blocks will ho nviiilable for homestead selection on 21st September. Tho land is about 3 miles from Gerogory railway station, and ranges in area from 2£ aores to 15£ acres. The capital value is £3 10s per acre, so the rent for the ? first five years will be only lOJd per acre. The ' Wangaratta Show. — The annua ? show at Wangaratta will be held on 20th and 21nfc September, when cash prizes value £400 will be offered. Entries close Satur day, 9th September. Arrangements have been made for special trains as usual, and a highly successful show is anticipated. Accident at Tallangatta.— On Saturday Mr. P, Wright, engineer lo the Towon*; shire, whilo travelling from Mitta Mitta Junction towards Granite Flat, waa thrown from his buggy, and he lay on the road unconscious f « an hour before being discovered. He waa conveyed to Mibta, thence to Tallangatta, a distance of over 30 milea. His face Is fear , fully bruised, and the lower lip is severed. Narandera Show.— The Railway Depart -,.' ment announce by advertisement that, in , connection with the Narandera Show, holi 1 day . excursion tickets will be issued at Albury, Cootamundra, Corowa, Hay, Finley, \- - and intermediate stations commencing on the 8fch August and thereafter by trains timed to arrive at Narandera up to 2 38 p.m. on 10th August, available for return until 12th August. Accident at Corowa. — On Monday after noon a son of Mr. Robert Webster, of Wah gunyah, met with a serious and very painful accident. It appears he was sitting on a rail for tying horses to, when he overbalanced, and in falling came in contact with a hook, which penetrated the flpsh at the hip, causing a nasty wound. Dr. Shortc was called in, and pub 14 stitches in the wound, and the patient ia now making a rapid recovery. The Proposed Murruiibidciee Weir. — In reference to the agitation for the hearing of the case of the proposed Murrumbidgea weir before the Land Board, nothing has yet been definitely decided as to where the hear ing will take pluce. The committee of ' management, are doing all in their power to have the caee set down for hearing in Jeril derie, as this town is the most centrally situated for all parties concerned. If the de partment decide to hold the hearing else where, it will (saya the Herald) mean a lot of inconvenience, expense, and waste of time for the witnesses down west from here. Bee Farming at Jindera.— Our Jindera . correspondent writes : — 'Mr. R. Sawyer yes terday started to arrange a bee farm on his Jindera farm. He has seleoted a nice spot — a good loamy bank on the creek adjoining the Jindera common. Mr. Sawyer intends to go in largely for utrawberry growing, and he thinks the soil and situation are suitable. Mr. Sawyer has a partner, who will manage this business after the place is prepared. They have about 60 hives to start with. This industry should be a success, as there nre, large orchards in close proximity to the farm, besides plenty of box, gum, and apple trees on the common and adjoining lands.' Ppospects of the Wheat Harvest. — Mr. W. S. Campbell, chief inspector of Agricul tural Department, has returned to Sydney ? from a visit to the experimental farm at Wagga. He Btates that very good rains have fallen in the district. During the last month there has been more rain than has been known for the last seven years. It seems to hate saturated the ground thoroughly, and so far the prospects of the wheat crop for next season seem to be vory good. An in crease iu the area sown with wheat is also noticed. At the experimental farm the wheat crop is growing satisfactorily, and everything looks as well as is possible at this season of the year. Enforcement of the Dog Act.— At a recent meeting of the Jerilderie Sheep Board the following resolution was carried : — 'Having ascertained from the Inspector General that 'instructions have been issued to the police to enforce the registration clauses of the Dog Act with discretion aB regards dogs kept for rabbiting purposes,' this Board is of opinion that an infinitely varied construction, embracing every species of sheep devouring our, can be put on terms 'dogs used for rabbiting purposes,' and that in view of the heavy and by no means diminishing annual loss inflicted on stockowners and indirectly on the whole community by this plague, it has now become imperative that the pro . visions of the Dog Act should be rigidly en forced.' Retrenched Civil Servants. — In the Assembly a few day3 since the Premier made an important statement with regard to those Civil servants who had been retrenched by the board just prior to the date when they would have been due for a pension. Ho said he felt that there wore several hard oases, and the matter had been engrossing the at tention of the Government. Indeed, the Government would submit a proposal to the House to make provision for them. It would embrace the casoa of those who had been retrenched, say, within twelve months cf the data of the pension due, and who were deserving and had a fair record in- the service. The Government would recognise their right to a pension oven if so doing involved alteration of the law. The Singer Sewing Machine. — A recent issue of the Sydney Mail contains an interest ing acoount of the colonial business of the Singer Sewing Machine Manufacturing Com pany. The dimensions of the Australian trade of this firm are of considerable miigui tude, the number of employes being 740, the number of Bh.ops und officns 133, and the annual wages list totalling £104, 59G. Tho Mail article contains portraits of the Aus tralian managers of the business, with a brief sketch of the history of the various gentlemen depicted, showing that each has served a long apprenticeship, to the, business. Several of them have been connected with the firm for tho space of an average lifetime, a fact which speaks well alike for employer and employed. Irrigation. — Mr. O'SulIivan has given notice of the following resolution : — That, in the opinion of this House — 1. As the periodical droughts with which New South Wales is afflicted are the cause of an enormous loss of national wealth, aa well as the means of inflicting severe distress upon many, classes of the community, it is imperative that the Government should at once take steps to mitigate these evils by carrying out the fol lowing : — (a) A comprehensive scheme of water conservation ; (b) the locking of rivers and anabranches ; (c) the sinking of artesian wells ; (d) the construction of light railways into arid districts to save the starving stock. 2\. More generous consideration should be given to those Crown lessees of all classes who have their holdings iu the drought stricken districts.' The Rabbit Pest. — The Minister for Lands has received reports from the rabbit inspectors in different parts of the colony for the period ended June 30, and he finds it stated in almost every case that the rabbits have decreased in numbers in consequence of the drought. The inspectors point out, how ever, that as the grass is beginning to grow the rabbits which remain are gradually get ting stronger, and it is thought in all pro bability they will shortly increase. As show ing the effect of the drought the inspector in the Bourke district states that he has not seen a young rabbit for the last two years. In the Cobar district the inspector also states that rabbits are very scarce, the drought having greatly reduced the number. All the inspectors agree, however, that the utmost diligence ought to be used to prevent the rabbits from increasing again when the Deason changes. Fat Cattle from Yaokandandah. —For many years past the North-Eastern distriot of Victoria has been one of the main sources of supply of fat beeves for the Melbourne Market. The Upper Murray and Kiewa in particular, have long been noted for the excellent breeding, and the splendid condi tion of stock from that quarter. A week or two since two splendid specimens of cattle, in the shape of two fat cows, reared by Mr. W, Beatty, of Yackandandah, were sold in Melbourne, and were .on view after killing, one each at the well-known butchering establishments of Messrs. Bennetb and Co. and Mr. Conolly. These were labelled as Yackandandah Show prize cows. A further instance was to be seen last week at Mr. Beatty 8 shop, High-street, Yaokandandah, in the case of a fat pig which took first priza at last Yackandandah Show, the carcase weighing no less than 4151bs. Albury Brewing and Malting Company. — The eleventh annual meeting of this com pany was held on Monday evening at the Albury Hotel. The report submitted showed that, in spite of the long drought and con sequent stagnation of trade, the business of the company has not suffered materially. The balance-sheet was of a satisfactory charac ter. Twelve months ago a- balance of £155 Is, undivided profit was carried forward. An interim dividend at the rate of 5 per cenr. waa paid on 1st February this year. There is now £651 10s. 6d. to credit of the profit and loss account. From this the directors propose to pay a dividend at the same rate. This will leave £289 0b. 6d. to be carried forward. The business is evidently of a sound character, and the directors' recom mendation gives evidence of thoroughly safe financing. ' Tho report and balance-sheet were received and adopted. Accident at Savernake. — An accident* which has since developed into a compli cated case, occurred at Savernake a little time .ago. A seven-year-old son of Mr. M. J. Dwyer, who has charge of the Govern ment tank at Savernake, was playing on a wire fence when ho fell nnd fractured his arm half-way ahove the elbow. Mr. Dwyer was away frem home at the time, and the at tendance of a medical man was consequently delayed. Examination showed that not only was the arm broken, as at first thought, but it was also out of joint at the elbow. This necessitates a lapse of time for tha knitting of the fracture bofore the arm will be strong enough to bear the strain of putting the joint again in. its original position. The little sufferer, who was driven to Yarrawonga, is now in the cave o£ his aunt at Mrs. Koir's Royal Mail Hotel. He is (says the Mercury) progressing favorably, at anv rate as well as can bo-oxpected, under careful attention. The Progress of Settlement. — Since tho new act has beon in operation — June 1, 1895, to Juno 1, 1899-3009 applications have boon made for homestead selections, covering un area of 1,130,554 acres, of which 75 per cent, has heen taken up, at an avorage rontnl per annum of 4'41. per acre ; 1026 blocks of laud luive nlao boeu tnado available for settlement lenses, covering an area of 2,808,855 aores, 66 per cont. of which has boon taken up at an average annual rent of 3-97d. per ncro. One hundred aud six c.ps. and 25 o Is. have been converted into homo stead selection. During 1896, 1S97, and 1898, 5,177,877 acres, or aii average of 1,750,000 acres per annum, were made avail able for settlement. These figures, the Minister for Lands states, show that, al though nu immense area in the Centra* Division will fall into the hands of the Go vernment before the end of next July, it will ndt be long before the land fit for closer settlement will be taken up. Crown ' Grants — The following deeds of grant are ready for issue, and can be ob- , tained on application to the Registrar- j General: — Richard Landford, la., Tooum- , wal ; Archibald Moffat and others, la., ' Urana ; Edwin D. Mahoney, 2a. 2r., Corowa ; Donald M'lritosh, lr. 26p., Tumbarumba. ; Samuel M'OaUghey, 233a., Itendall ; Horatio A. Nevott, 50a., Mullengandra \ George j Osborne, 236a., Merrybindinah ; George j Oaborne, 640a., Billabong ; Julia O'Brien,] 2r., Grong Grong ; Henry Parr, lr., Hillston j North ; Charles Passlow, 2r., Grong Grong ; \ Bertie Polsen, 2r. Coolao ; Johu Richards, \ 2r., Tooumwal ; John H. Spiller, 74a. 1., j Yathong South ; James P. Smith, 2a. Or. I 5£p., 2a. lr. 33p., 2a. Or. 33p., 2d lr. 26|p., 9*. 3r. lip., 10a. Or. 5p., 9a. 3r. 21p., How- i long; Wilfred O. Wilson and others, 256a. ! 3r,. 168a. 3r., 7.06a. lr., 1161a. 2r., 584a. 3r.9 ; 157a. 2r., 372a. lr , 630a. 2r., 669a. lr., 634a. . lr., 813a. lr., parishes Bolton, Jerilderie North, Wilson, and Wood ; Rev. James Woolnougb, 17a. 2. 5p., Thirlmere ; Charles Walden, la. lr. 14p., Tocumwal; Peter M. Wells, 2r., Tocumwal; Henry T. Whitty, 141a. 3r . 76a., parishes Dry Forest and Wahgunyah ; Percy J. Wade, lr., lr., Henty. Oddfellowship in New South Wales. — We have received a copy of the Oddfellows' Magazine, a fortnightly journal issued as the organ of the New South Wales Manchester Unity. The number before us contains eotne interesting information concerning the gene ral position of the Order in this colony. In New South Wales the membership on December 31. 1898, was 18,114, with a total capital of £254,847. The income for the year for contribution!), interest, and entrance fees amounted to £84,570 9s 8^d, and the expenditure to £73,510 14s 5#d, showing an increase for the year 189tf of £13,134 3s 5£d. Thia is understood to be highly satisfactory, but the totals seem very insignificant placed side by side with retuniG from the present order in England. For example, the follow ing is a summary of the capital belonging to the several funds of the lodges and districts for the year ending 31st December, 1897 : — Sick and funeral funds of lodges, £8,600 027 18i 8d ; district funeral funds, £391,059 17* 3d; management funds of lodges, £120,703 12a 6d ; management funds of districts, £6 335 ; widow and orphan societies, £450,945 5s 3d ; past grands' lodgeB, £18,242 7s 3d ; juvenile societies, £125,560 Os 2d ; benevo lent or other funds, £46,518 12s 7d ; unity sick and funeral fund. £19,985 6s 5d ; unity management fund, £3,368 lls lOd ; unity superannuation fund, £227 5s Id ; travelling relief and distress fund, £47 2s 6d. Total capital. £9,783,020 19s 6d. An Embankment Wanted. — Our Tocum wal correspondent writes : — The overflow of the Goulburn River in Victoria has attracted some attention here. The Victorian Govern ment had ooustructed an embankment for a considerable distance along one side of the river,' and intend putting a similar embank ment on the opposite side of the river. When the flood waters rose recently, an in creased overflow took place on the unprotec ted bank, and farmers have suffered injury thereby. They have been holding public meetings and calling upon the Government to conslruot an embankment immediately on the unprotected side, or they will hold the Govornmet responsible for damages ; further more, they Bubmit that the future ex tensions should bo carried out simul taneously on both sides of the river. The position here is analagous. During the last three years a raised embankment has been constructed from Cobram highlands above Tocumwal and continued for several miles below Tocumwal on the Victorian side, with the object of reclaiming large areas which hitherto have been subject to inunda tion. About two and a half years since resi dents on the New South Wales side peti tioned our Government to construct an embankment on this side of the river as a protection against the increased overflow expected. Since then there has been no flood of magnitude sufficient to test tbo re-' quirement, and nothing has. been done, except about half a mile along the river bank at the township of Tocumwal. Ifc is tho opinion of most residents that in the event of the Victorian embankment resisting .a big flood the overflow will be larger than any hitherto experienced, and it is almost certain to cause considerable damage. This explains the anxiety felt by those who dwell along the river banks on the New South Wales side. Mining on the Mitta. — Onr correspon dent writes: — Nothing of a sensational nature in the mining world hus turned up during the lust month. A large numbor of leases have boon applied for on paper, prin cipally in tho neighborhood of E^kdale and a few in other directions. Some time ago the dredging boom was the rage, then nothing but coppor was spoken of ; just now tin i3 in tho nscondaut. Each iu turn has been an nounced by a flourish of trumpets, but after a spasmodic existence 'fizzle' bus ensued, ending- iu total collapse. Whether the present craze will prove an exception to tho established rule remains to ba proved. Meanwhile, about Eskdale mining is un doubtedly on the up grade, and a large number of hands are finding employment. Several reefs have been proved to a satisfac tory depth. The 'men with the dollars' have made their appmrance, which is conclu sive evidence that the field; ia^ worth explora tion. At Mitta; Mitta 'the 5 LafontainVraine, to the surprise of a good many, has been ieb on tribute ;to Mr. G. ¥. Dickson. The success of the mine until recently seemed assured, and gave employment to a large number of hands. It appears that the returns were not up to expectations, whieh ac couuts for the ' milk in the cocoanut.' Everybody hereabouts wishes Mr. Diokson luck in his new venture. The population on the Upper Darts has now dwindled to some 20 nersonp, which will be further decreased next week by the removal to Eskdalo of Mr. Geo. Gow and family of five. , In the meantime the council of Towong are energetically push* in» on to completion the vehicular road, evidently under the impression that delays are dangerous and that the last inhabitant will have decamped ere its completion. In any case it may come in ...handy tor the re moval of the machinery, &c;, now lying idle thereabouts. I may add that.it is the im pression of a good many it was cut for that purpose. Anyway, it is juBt one, of those things no fellow can understand, don't yer know. . . ? . Mining at Corowa.— A good deal of interest attaches just now to l he operations of the Corowa Deep Lead Goldmining Com pany, which, if successful in establishing the existence of payable alluvial ground, can hardly fail to attract capital for the further development of the lead, and so, perhaj a, to the creation of a new and important mining ceutre, rivalling in extent and value the Chiltern and Rutherglen districts. The Corowa Deep Lead Mining Company is the outcome of a smaller association, formed aome seven years ago, for the purpose of boring across the valley away towards the Nulla Nulla ranges. Two lines of bores were put down, the lines running approximately north west and south-east. In three of these auri ferous wash was struck at depths respectively of 306ft., 308ft., nnd 310ft. Some two years later the present company was formed with a capital of £30,000, repre sented by 30,000 shares of £1 each. Little difficulty was experienced in floating the venture, and in response^ to an appeal for assistance from the Prospecting Vote, the Minister consented to subsidise the -boring operations to the extent of £ for £. of =tha actual outlay. He also, recognising the im portance of the venture as thelargest under taking of the kind in the colony, promised assistance in sinking the shaft. Machinery was obtained under the supervision of Mr. Richards, advising engineer, and in due course erected under the inariageinent of Mr. Thomas Uren. Sinking wa3 commenced . under the double shaft system, as it was fully anticipated that a good deal of drift' and water would be encountered. This expecta tion was realised. After getiingdown 90ft. in No 1 shafb and 110ft. in No/Silhexlufb was met with, and ifc became necessary to employ steel cages in order to go through it. It waa decided to sink No. 1 shaft to the rock, to make it the well shaft, and to drive to No. 2, which' would, of course be kept clear of water by pumping in No. 1\. The plan was followed, aud with the powerful pumping machinery provided haB proved completely successful. No. 2 shaft is down 303ft., and, barring accidents, should be bottomed within about six weeks from the present date. It will then be necessary to drive 1100ft. in order to strike the lead of auriferous wash as indicated by the bores. This work was subsidised by Government at the start at the rate of £1 per foot, an endowment subsequently increased to £2 per foot. A statement of the position and re quirements waa then laid before the Mines Department, and the Minister came up, and with some professional officers of the Depart ment made a personal visit to the mine. The result of bis investigations was that he recommended an increase of the subsidy to £4 10a. per fo.fc. This has since been carried into effect, and ib is also understood that the company will receive a further endowment to aid them in the work of driving. The amount of this latter subsidy has not, however, yet been determined. With this aid, and with the local capital available, ib is considered that there will be no difficulty in carrying on the work until payable wash has btoi struck. So confidant, indeed, are the directors on thia point that a proposal having for its object the introduction of English capital to prove the mine his been set aside. The snares are paid up to 10a. 8d., and no difficulty is anti cipated in obtaining tho balance as it is re quired. The shaft is being sunk at the rate of 15ft. per week, aad is now going througn rock. Driving will commence at 384ft., a depth which will probably be reached about the middle of September. Tho water wtis troublesome at first, but the pumps can now desl with ib easily. Tho expenditure lo date in machinery and buildings now amounts co between £7000 and £8000, and in the opinion of exports the shareholders have very good value for their money, and every indication of a profitable investment. The company's lease covers 600 acres. The chairman of the hoard of directors is Mr. John C -ck, Mr. A. Bray is deputy chairman ; the other directors are Messrs. J. A. Wallace, D. C. Young, and T. Parkin. Mr. T. Ureu is mining manager. 