Cardinal Moran's Charges. WHAT TÇHEY AMOUNT TO. TRUE OR FALSE? "With the controversy now raging the newspapers of this city betwe certain of the clergy in regard to Fr masonry, Jesuitry, and the like, tl secular journal has no desire whate^ to interfere. That battle, if it is wor fighting, can be fought out withe our intruding upon it, but wh clergymen quote the charges made Cardinal Moran as evidence of a lack veracity on the part of ^Catbo writers, it is as well that the pub should know exactly what the charges are and how they are av ported. Mr. Bowe throws doubt ¡ the Cardinal's accuracy in the folio ing words : May I respectfully direct the noti of the Bishop to the resoluti signed by representatives of ¡ the churches in Sydney, drawi public attention to the fact th the so-called exposures have bei proved to be fabrications, and th the Cardinal has been unable produce any evidence for 1 statements. The" resolution a peared in the Sydney " Dai Telegraph "of July 15. Now, no resolution of any church proof or disproof of truth, and tl tenor of the following extracts fro the Cardinal's letters will show th he quotes Protestant authorities at secular writers to the total exclusic of all Catholic evidence. The Cardinal says : I will begin with Fiji, not only b cause it is a British colony, m »j closely connected with Australian i terests than the other island groups < the Pacific, but because it is also mission field where many of the We leyan preachers have made their fo tunes, and in which our Protestai friends take special pride. An Angl can clergyman, in 1896, writing of tb Fijian mission in "part of the Pacific, declared it to be " the noblest work < the kind that Christendom had wi nessed." The Rev. Mr. Lovett, in hi "Primer of Modern Missions " (Loi don, 1896), styles it "oneof the mos impressive triumphs over the heart <i man to be found in alls its long ani marvellous annals." Rev. Mr. Denni presents it as " an example of wha God's grace has accomplished arnon; ur." And at a missionary meetini held here in Sydney only a few month ago, à Wesleyan clergyman gave thosi missions unstinted praise. "Th< Fijian mission," he said, "was one o the grandest of the Christian era. It triumphs were not surpassed by an] mission in the world, either in the pre sent or past centuries.?' Surely, then I am justified in taking the Fijiai mission as a test case. The history o'. the first Protestant attempts to evan gelise the Fijians may be briefly told In the year 1797 the famous mission arv ship Duff land eleven English anc Scottish missionaries on. ono of th( islands. Scarcely'bad the ship taker its departure when one of the part} began to prevaricate, and very soon by HIS OPEN IMMORALITY he scandalised not only his white friends, but even the natives them- selves. IR a few weeks he was found murdered in the native hut which he had made his home. Another of the party named Vason avowed himself an infidel, and identified himself with the pagan nativos.. In the words of the Rev. Dr. Brown, in "History of -the Protestant Missions," he " mingled with the heathen, showing a strong disposition to learn their' ways, in which he at length made a woeful proficiency, and threw off the mask of Christianity altogether." (Vol. 2, page 200), Three other missionaries were murdered in quarrels that arose. The survivors took refuge in New South Wales, devoting themselves to pastoral pursuits. Rev. Dr. Lang completes their history : "Missionaries," he says, " who have been sent forth with the prayers of the British public and the benediction of the London Missionary Society, to convert the heathen in the numerous isles of the Pacific, were at length found converted themselves into stars of the fourth and fifth mag- nitude, in the constellations of Aries and Taurus ; or, in other words, in the sheep and cattle market of New South Wales." The only memorial that these first missionaries left after them in Fiji WAS A FORGE. It was probably the emblem of the craft in which most of them were bet- ter skilled than in preaching the Gos- pel." The first Wesleyan missionaries landed in Fiji in 1822, but the mission does not appear to have formally com- menced till 1835. It is then* boast that, through their efforts within 20 years the whole island was practically Christian, cannibalism being abolished, and no fewer than 120,000 natives being reckoned among the church attendants. There ar-e, however, some disagreeable facts which go far to prove that the lotu adopted by the natives was rather a veneer for paganism than a sincere conversion. Even since Fiji became a British colony some of the tribes have indulged in cannibalism. It i? not long ago that a tribe refused to pay the cotton tax, and, good Wes leyans though they claimed to be, they killed and ate the European collectors who ventured amongst them. Julian Thomas (best known by his writings under the name of " The Vagabond") tells of the dealings of the high chief Maafu with "the native minister, a man of great fervour, who became con- vinced, after much study of the Scrip- tures, that ke was a saint, and that angelic powers were conferred upon him." A British Blue Book as late as 1886 gives an account ef the fanatic Navosavakadua, who sought, without renouncing Wesleyanism, to revive all eile old orgies ui l".iga.r.isai. In the words of the Royal Commission, " he compounded A NEW RELIGION out of old Fijian myths and Biblical stories." Thousands gathered round j him, and it was only when he and more than a hundred of his followers I were shot down that the new lotu , collapsed. One of thc last acts of Sir ! John Thurston as Governor was to crush a somewhat similar attempt at the revival of cannibalism and j paganism. Much might be said in proof that nominal Christianity is the main re- sult, insofar as religion is concerned r of the Wesleyan missionary toil in Fiji. I will cite, however, only Protes- tant witnesses that thus there may be no suspicion of religious bias in the statements that are made. Mr. Brit- ton, in his " Fiji in 1870," (published in Melbourne) gives an interesting account of his visit to these islands. The conversion of the natives to Chris- tianity was, he states, "a purely political step," necessitated by then obedience to Thakombau. Some tribes which succeeded in freeing themselves from his authority resumed their pagan practices. Of the Wesleyan and Roman Catholic missions, he remarks, "the Fijians, in their own concise way, distinguish the two faiths by calling the Wesleyan ' no lotu wai-wai,' that is ' the oily religion,' and the Roman Catholic 'no lótu Fopei,' that is the * Pope's religion.' " The great bulk of the Wesleyan converts, he states, are nothing more than nominal Christians; and he adds : "Under the missionary teachings the Fijians have made VERY LITTLE PROGRESS, socially, and politically, excepting, of course, the abandonment of the worst outward horrors of heathenism, as can- nibalism, etc. Their way of living in the vast majority of cases is as filthy as it was in the heathen tomes, and it seems as if in these matters they are almost incapable of improvement. Nor can the missionaries look forward to the future with much hope. They see the Fijians becoming worse instead of better. Drunkenness is fearfully j on the increase, and though the foul diseases of European vice and over- crowding have not yet appeared in Fiji, yet the natives are rapidly de- creasing." One of the native chiefs who was most active* in collecting for the missionary fund, he tells us that in point of morality ho was "a very heathen;" and ho relates of the King Thakombau himself, that long after he had become a fervent Wesleyan he suggestively reminded an importunate European creditor that the flesh of the white man was as SWEET AS THE RIPE BANANA. Dr. Berthold jSeeman, who was Commissioner to Fiji in 1860, in his, " Account of a Government Mission to j the Fiji Islands," states that -the Wes-4 leyan Missionary Society derived, a revenue of ¿1200 a year from the sale of cocoanut oil, and that Mr. Burner, a Wesleyan training master,' - * - - OWNS LARGE TRACTS OF LAND and a great many small islands." Of the native teachers he writes that " their conduct has been in direct con- tradiction to their profession of Christianity." The conversions to Wesleyan Christianity were merely nominal He instances the people of Buretu who "embraced Christianity, but when at a subsequent date the town rebelled against Bau they became apostates ; nor did the restoration of peace make them relinquish their pagan religion, and they had at the time of our visit one of the finest temples in the whole group.'' One of the greatest chiefs assured him " there were very few Christians in the group, and he hated hypocrisy." The motive of belief assigned by a leading chief, as recorded by Browne in his " History of the Missions," har- monises with this account. The Wesleyan missionary asked the chief did he believe in the Christian truths. He replied, " True ! everything is true that comes from the white man's eountry; muskets, and guns, and powder are true, and your religion must be true." " Ten months in the Fiji Islands," by Mrs. Smythe, the wife of another Royal Commissioner to Fiji, tell us ; (page 173) that the Wesleyan mis- sionaries in Fiji confine their efforts ; almost entirely to imparting religious ; instruction, making little or no attempt to teach the arts of civilised life." She adds : "It is natural, -where sub- scribers to mission societies are expect- ant of highly-colored reports, and so clamorous for a yearly tale of converts, that the missionaries should rather direct their efforts to collect recruits than to train soldiers. ... It ap- pears te us that these converts pre- sume a good deal on the profession of Christianity." She gives an amusing example of " tho imperfect acquaint- ance" of the native preachers with their new religion. An American settler at Lakemba, an important mis- sionary station, had shot and carried off a pig belonging to a native. The tribe being "Wesleyan converts deputed their preacher to remonstrate with him. He donned his best official dress, and proceeding to the American's house set forth in a long harangue the enormity of the crime. The American listened with respectful attention, and thanked the preacher for the forcible exhortation. But, he added, the pig »is just now bilked, so you will please set down and invoke a blessing on what God has sent. The preacher, swayed by the irresistible love of all Fijians for roast pork, bowed his head and recifed a long grace, after which the two culprits made a hearty meal" on the stolen pig." Mr. Julian Thomas, in " CANNIBALS AND CONVICTS " (London, 1886), explains that how it is that so many of the Fijian natives desire to be employed in the Wesleyan ministry: "The position of a native minister," he says, "is one to be coveted by his fellows. It gives in many things as much power as that possessed by the chiefs. The native pastor is always well fed, and has always the prettiest wife- The softest mat, the fattest pork, and the biggest yam was his ; and the youngest and prettiest females awaited to do him honor." He met one of those native pastors on the River Rewa, sailing in magnificent style in a double canoe, sleeping on a couch, with two native maidens fanning him. He could not forbear smacking him on the back with the advice given by a bullock driver to a late Governor of Victoria : " You've got a very good billet, old chap ; you stick to it." He gives the following specimen of the sermon of a native Fijian teacher : " See what Christianity has done for us. We have a big ship to come and visit us and bring us cloth and beads. Mr. Brown has a big house and is a powerful chief. All this has been given us; then HOW GOOD A THING CHRISTIANITY is!" An Anglican clergyman, who did duty for a time in Fiji, in his work, "Parts of the Pacific" (London, 1895) already referred to, states that even the high chiefs whs were converted had very erroneous ideas of Christian practice or Christian truth. One high chief, he says, explained his belief in the Trinity as follows:-"He had 'earned to "believe in one true God, who had two sons, the Holy Ghost and Christ." Another very religious chief was so advanced in civilisation that he resolved to have a set of arti- ficial teeth. He insisted, however, on having " the old teeth BURIED WITH FULL RELIGIOUS RITUAL, including a long sermon." In accor- dance with Fijian usage at a chiefs interment, a lordly banquet followed : "Pigs galore were devoured by the numberless sympathising friends, who had come to pay the last tribute of re- spect to the lamented teeth. But an unexpected feeling of disapprobation suddenly marred the peace and solem- nity of the proceedings when it came to be known that the partially-interred gentleman had not only killed all his own hogs to supply the liberal board, j but had robbed his neighbors'piggeries too, far and near" (page 236). The same writer adds that "woman is still THE INFERIOR ANIMAL in Fiji Natives have not been Christianised long enough yet for the women to have been raised to the honorable position allotted to them by Christianity." Of the native Wesleyan at Levuka he pronounces the favorable judgment : "lam persuaded that the most fastidious missionaries of any sect would consider their salvation secured ; for were they not clad in European clothing of the latest cut ?" As will be seen by perusal, all these allegations are qnoted from Protestant authorities, so that it is difficult to un- derstand whence more definite evi- dence could be obtained. But if Mr. Rowe and his much prized resolution is in the right, it follows that the Cardi ; nal either must have manufactured the statements, he pretends to quote, or that tiie writings of Protestant authors on the subject are not reliable. The former theory is preposterous ; the latter alone is tenable ; but if the writers quoted are unreliable, what reason have we for assuming that Mr. Rowe's authorities are any more to be trusted ? The foregoing is given, how- ever, mainly because we regard it as unfair to introduce a mention of an- other controversy of which local peo- ple know nothing into a local dispute ; and so that people shall not be alto- gether misled we have given a portion of the facta. It may be mentioned that those desiring further information on the subject may have their wishes gratified by attending at the Mechanics' Institute this (Sunday) evening, where Mr. Thomas Walker proposes to deal with the matter in a lecture. 