. SliOJKT SX'OltV OitBIELlE'S GHOST, ' YouEngllsh polioe,' said Monsieur Gar nler,,the world-famous Frenoh detective, as he leaned back in his chalr,ftnd lit a olgar— ' you English jolloe have tout methods of detection, whloh are admirable in their way, ?nd yet which fall short in something, and ' that something is imaginativeness. Having onoe obtained a aloe, yoa can work it np as skillfully as any detectives in the world, bat, failing snoh cine, I most oonfess, gentlemen, your little plans are too often doomed to iailare. Imaginativeness is, in my humble omnion. as necessary to the detective as to the suooessful novelist, and if yop .will. forgive my talking of myself, I will tell yon the story of the oase whioh brought mo what fame I have the hononr to possess. Ia that case we had not the slightest cine to go, upon, bat the im aginative inBtinot served me in snoh a man ner that I, ran my man to earth. . 4 One snltry morning in Angast,' I was Commissioned to go to the Chateau Uoooy, at Villefort, a rural distriot about forty miles from Paris, where, it seemed, a mys terious crime had been committed. Mademoiselle Gabrielle Monoy, the only daughter of the ohateaa, had been foand on the floor of her bedroom early that morning quite dead, the -medtoal evidenoe showing that she had been killed by poison. * On arrival at the ohateaa, I was at onoe ushered into the presence of Monsieur Monoy, a dignified, middle-aged man, who *ose to gree- me as I entered. He waB oreroome with grief, and it was plain to see that he had been weeping continuously. 4 Be seated, monsieur,' he said, in a low tone, ' and I will give yoa all the particulars at my disposal of tbis awful affair.' 1 obeyed his request, and seated myself near the window. 4 Now. monsieur,' I said, quietly, ' I am entirely at your servioe.' ' In that oase,' he returned, ? 1 will, pro ceed to explain matters to you without farther delay. Yesterday morning I went to Paris to attend a sitting of the Chamber j of Deputies, of whioh I have the honour of ' being a member. 1 left in the house my ! poor daughter Gabrielle, her oousin Monsieur ! ErneBt Mondy, my secretary— a young man ' named Vautiin— and the hbuse servants, in cluding Madame Blanche, the housekeeper. 4 The Chamber sitting late last evening, I stayed at an . hotel whjsre I usually put up when in Paris, ^and this ^norning at nine o'clock X was horrified to reoeiye a telegram from my housekeeper informing me thatmv ! daughter had been discovered dead' I at onoe oame poet- haste to this honse, and found that the message was only too true. Tbe doctor who had been hastily summoned deolared that my daughter had been poisoned by means of some vegetable drag, such as brnoine or stryohnine. This is all I have to tellyou.' ' Do yoa suspeot anyone f 1 asked, after a short pause, in the pasting of whioh the distressed father sat looking at me with anxious eyes. * Is there anyone in the house who would benefit by this death f 4 Only one — Monsieur Earnest Monoy, my poor daughter's oousin, the next of kin. But he is so admirable and exoellent a young man that *to suspeot him is madness.' 4 The secretary f 'Is a man whom I have fron^ poverty and destitution, and whose fortune I am making, seeing that I am to obtain for him a secretaryship to the Minister for In struction. Hardly the man, monsieur, to repay me for my services by murdering my only child.' 1 True «uough. The other Inmnfan of the house are, I suppose, not to be suspeoted for a moment t' ' Not for a moment. They all loved my child, and would have died for her.' ' Oould anyone have obtained admittance to ihe honse during the night f 'Impossible. Every door was barred and bolted as usual, so the hansekeeper informs me.' 1 Some visitors might have called list evening P . ' No visitor .oonld have called. The storm kept everyone, away.' * From whom do you obtain these faots V 1 IVom Madame Blanche, the house keeper. Perhaps you would like to inter* rogate her V ' It would be as well, I think.' ' Monsieur Monoy touched a bell, and summoned the woman, who was evidently ?fnwoh agitated. She answered my questions i in a straightforward, sensible manner, and, whilst it is ~not usual for men of my pro fession to judge from appearance, I never theless felt oonvinoed when Madame Blanche quitted the room that she was as innooent of duplicity in evidence as she was of oomplioity in the orime. 4 Yon are satisfied with the honsokeeper asked Monsieur Monoy when she had de parted. * Quite. There seems no reason io doubt the aoouraoy of her statements. She affirms , that Mademoiselle Gabrielle did not quit the house yesterday, and no visitor bailed. Now what does the doctor say as to the time when the poison was swallowed f 4 He can Bay nothing very definite after the post-mortem j but he is willing to swear that the poison was administered within twelve hours of the finding, of the body this morning.' ' Then it is pretty clear that the poison was administered by some individual in this house P* 4 Undoubtedly. There oan be no other theory P' ' Excepting one,' I put in, nervously, and you will not be offended at my refer rinjg to it. Young ladies have been known before now to destroy-, themselves. Oan it be possible that this is a oase in point P' 'He sprang. * Monsieur Garnier,' he oried passionately, ?dismiss that idea from your mind at onoe. My daughter was the happiest' girl in the. province, and more than that, -firm religion would have led her to look upon suicide as a deadly sin. X willing to swear hy the Almighty who made me that she who lies dead upstairs did hot die by her ownhand.' 'Oalm yourself, monsieur,' I said, gently, tyeUnjg much 'sympathy for the heartbroken man, eaim yourself, and remember that it is only by calmness that yoa aid myself Mi? 501108 111 Moving at the truth. We will dismiss the theory of self- destrnoUon, sinoeyou say that suoh a oourse was im possible to your daughter, and we will re turn to the possibilities. They are as follows.* ' '9° on,' he said, qoijkly; 4 1 am lis tening.' 'We have proved to our own satisfaction that your daughter has died of a poison given her oy iq Inmate of house. It ia hardly likely that any of the m«ni«i section household, oan bo oonowniHi in .the affair, and the housekeeper also la apparently Si.ffW*0®0®' ?hia aawows down our possibilities to two persons/ \+ paused. He nodded to me to fro on. and I continued : * Those persons are Monsieur Ernest, your nephew, and the other person your secretary/ ' impossible I* ho .cried ; * Vautrin, the oould have no possible motive. iJjmest would have a motive certainly, bnt his nature wotald :ah*fair from snoh a crime.' *We an merely discussing possibilitieB «* I ntaaed, slowly; * and the realm ol suoh as you know, a large one- It sfeemsto me, however, that, even assuming one of these men is guilty, it will 1 be impossible to fasten his guilt upon him.* ' Surely it is plain enough* Ton have two men in a honse, citiier of whom may have administered a poison. How shall you fi*y whioh of those two man it |s V \ _,4 y*' ,.lt is a terrible mystery. MoaDi«uj Wtattaioht Ama I Aj^.*o^ur,» I Mid, i&pqg;, .'tmtil Mter the Inquesthad been i^m JNwjw* Vw'iipWiyw by suobtinqniry; bqt I . fear it will tie Very little. And how, with your permission, i should like to view the hb Jy.' 'He sighed heavily, and rpfg the bell. 4 Madam o Blanohe shall aocompany you,' be said; 'I have not the courage/ ?The housekeeper conducted me to the ohamber where the unfortunate girl lay, and, going towards' the bed, I lifted the sheet whioh oonoealed the rigid face. And as I. did eo I uttered a low' cry. ' By some strange ooindaenoe, the faoe was the imaga of a oertain ooqsin of my ac quaintance— a young girl known aB Juue de Meran— who was studying at the Conserva toire, frith a view toh'eoaming an aotress. It is said that till men and women have somewhere their doubles; the Rouble of this dead girl was my ooiisin Julie de Meran. 'As I gAzed on the wonderful likeness, there rose in my brain a sudden inspiration. It flashed through my mind like lightning, and fascinated me there and then. Going hastily downstairs, after replacing the sheet, I returned to Monsieur Money's room and olosed the door. 4 Monsieur,* I said, ' I have seen the oorpse. And the Beeing of it has given me a plan.' ' A plan !' he oried. 4 What do you mean f A plan of deteotion f ' ' Aye. A plan by whioh, if all goes well, confession oan be extorted from the oriminal, and justice done on your daughter's as sassin.' 4 He oame towards me and grasped my hands. ? Monsieur Gamier,' he said, in a voioe husky with emotion, 4 do this, and yon will have earned my everlasting thanks.' 4 1 will confide to yoa my plan,' I said, when he had somewhat oalmed nimself. 4 1 warn you, first of all, that it may appear to yoa theatrical in the first plaoe, and de secrating to the memory of your daughter in the eeoond plaoe. But I can think of no othor plan, and I leave it entirely to you whether I shall go through with it or not.' ' Whatever you suggest,' he returned, 4 shall be done. Let justioe be thought of before all else. Tell me yon* plan.' 4 It is merely this,' I said, quietly. 4 When I looked on your daughter's face a moment ago, I was straok by her resemblance to a cousin of mine— a young aotress, Mile. Julie de Meran. It ooourred to me then and there that I might prevail upon her to oome to tbis obsteau at midnight in a month's time, and to impersonate the spirit of your departed ohild. Taken to the apartments of the suspeoted patties, the guilty one would surely proclaim his guilt when brought faoe to faoe at that weird hour of midnight with the phantom, as he would suppose, of his poor victim; The admission of guilt onoe made, all details as to the purpose and method -f the orime ooald be elioited, and taken down by me from outside the ohamber door. The plan is a strange one, but I think it is worth trying, and, more than that, Monsieur Monoy, I think one other thing.' 4 And that is f ' he oried, his eyes on fire with excitement.* 4 1 think,' I relumed, deliberately, 4 that it will suooeed.' 4 There was a long pause; Then he spoke and the words oame firmly ; _ 4 My friend,' he said, ' the plan ia a ter rible one, and to aid yoa in It will be an ordeal suoh as I have never imagined. But sinoe at the end of it there may hcsucoess, I say to yon, 4 Go on with your scheme, and may Heaven help yoa to discover the murderer of my poor little Gabrielle.' 4 Discovering tbe culprit, ' I made answer, 4 will be useless unless we oan fasten the guilt on him, and thatiB my reason for for mulating the strange scheme of whioh I have tola yon. However, it is possible tha^ between now and the next few weeks some other way of doing, jnstioe Qn the murderer will be found, in wnioh oase, of oourse, my Jactastio proposition Will be dispensed with.* 4 Be it so,' he made answer, after a pause. ? It is now the 7th of August. If by Sep tember 7 the mystery is not cleared up, I will telegraph to yon, 4 Oome to Villefort, ' and you will -understand that the message is your Authority to put your plan into aotion. ?I understand/ I returned; 4 And now let me give yoa some instructions as to what is to be done in oase' I am sent for. In the first plaoe, nobody is to know'of my coming; and, secondly, the keys of the doors of your secretary and nephew must be taken away so that their apartments oan be entered. The slightest obstacle in our way ought upset the whole affair most completely.' 4 He- assured me that these points should have. his attention, and then we shook handi and said adieu. ? ? . 4 A month passed. At ten ajn. on Sep tember 7 I reoeived a telegram. It simply said, .'Oome to Villefort.7 I knew then that the mystery was Still unsolved, and that it remained with me to help to solve it.* 4 My Oousin Julie took in the whole affair immediately, and, so far from refusing her assistance, gladly proffered it when she she realised the importance of the issue at stake. It therefore oame to pass that as the olooks were pealing the hour of midnight on September 7, Julie and myself knocked sottly at the honse door, and were admitted by Monsieur Monoy. 4 Oome in,' he said, his hands shaking with nervousness whioh he tried to master. Oome in, and let us get this awful scene over.' 4 At this moment he caught sight of Julie, and he reeled. ? Merciful Heavens 1' he oried ; 4 what a resemblanoe. It is my daughter's living image.' 4 Hash I' I oried, fearful lest his 'voice might disturb the inmates of the house. 4 Hush ! and let us lose ho time. Conduct us first of all to the apartment of your hephew.' ? Ah 1' he oried : 4 then it is him yon bus peotf 4 Be good enough monsieur, to wait and see.' ? 4 We readied the apartment of Ernest Monoy, and found the door slightly ajar. The room was in darkness save for the moonlight, which came fitfully through the blind. Julie, trembling slightly, but thor nnofKlc nolm tha haam touched the sleeping man on the shoulder. ' He awoke vrith a low ory. 4Mon Dieul It is the apparition of Gabrielle oome back from the grave I' 4 Yes ; it is I— Gabrielle '!'? she said, in a low tone ; 4 1 have oome baok to find who was my murderer.' 4 It is not 1 1' he said. 4 1 loved you too well, Gabrielle, to injure you, and sinoe your death I have trieu in vain to find your assassin*' 4 It is well,' she returned, in tha same tone. 4Adieu.' ? Money fell bask in a fainting condition, and Julie rejoined ns. 4 Our next step was to go to the room of f the Secretary Vautrin. Here a terrible .scent oocqrrea, for no sooner had the man's gaae fallen upon the midnight visitor. than he jumped from his oouoh, ana shrieked out : 4 Ah I God help me, have meroy upon me ! It is the phantom of Gabrielle come baok to haunt me sinoe I took her life. Help I help! helpl' . ?Be oalm,' said Julie, 4 and tell me why yon took my life.* 'Do yon not knowr Turn away your eyes that they may not pierce my soul, and I , will tell you. That night— that awful night of August 6, do you not remember. I insulted you, and you swore to tell your father, on his return, of the insult.' ? Foam was on his lips. He wiped it away, and went on, hoarsely : 4 1 knew that if your father heard of my behaviour, I was ruined. My portion in this house was destroyed, and— worse than that — my prospeots blasted in the future. A midden thought inspired by the;fiend oame' I 1 i to me, and that thought 4 Kill her, and then she can do you no harm.' 4 Once again he wiped his lips with' the sheet. J- 4 Go on/ said the wLite-robed figure, 4 tell me all.' ? All I There is little more to tell. A year previously, a college friend had sent me some stryohnine for experimental nse in oonneotion with a treatise I was writing on ohemistry, and that atryohnine lay in my desk unused. ? Gaiqg to the desk, I took the powder and emptied the whole of it into the milk- jug left by the servant on the tray outside your room, your customary drink in the nights. I flattered myself that deteotion was out of the question, for ' who was to know that I desired your removal P and it seemed to me also that suspioion would fall on your oousin, who would benefit by your death.' . '? Yoa have no more to say f ' asked the quiet figure at the bedside. 4 No mo^e. But, if you would not drive me mad, . leave me now, and promise that yon will return no more. For rather than be haunted by you, I swear that I will destroy myself at onoo, or surrender mystlf to the polioe at daybreak.' 4 There is no need for either of those aots, Monsieur Vautrin,' I oried, bursting into the room, followed by M. Money, ' tor the polioe will save you the trouble of giving yourself up. You are my prieoner. I arrest you in the name of the Republio on Jour own confession of the nilful murder of tademoiselle Gabrielle Money.' 4 He tried to speak, but words failed him. His jaw dropped, his eyes started from his head ; if ever hopeless despair was written in a man's faoe, it was written in his faoe then. He made no resistance when I hand cuffed him, and submitted to being led away to the polioe depot without a word. ' His confession, taken down by mb, and witnessed by Julie and Monsieur Money, was duly brought up at his trial, and he was, of oourse, found guilty. He went to the j guillotine, probably the first man in tho his-' tory of orime whose oonfession of guilt had been extracted by suoh means aa I have re lated, and which means, I olaim, were the result of the imaginative instioot whioh is essential to the suooesa oi the deteotive of to- day.' 