GENTLEMAN JACK'S LATE REPENTANCE. Sitting in a tavern on the old village turn pike were three men. They had been driven from city to city became of their misdeeds and general bad character. Two wen heavy-looking, beetle4«owed ruffiaag, with tbe surly, furtive expression which comes of long residence in convict prisons ; the third man, tnuoh younger than bis companions, was of a different stamp, more refined and intellectual, tbnugh bis faos also bore the impresi of evil passions aad riotous living. ' I've been done afore,' oae mUen rascal was saying, between puffs «t a short clay pipe, 'and I ain't goin' to be done again '—puff —' ' if 1 knows it. I've nuked tbe crib '- puff —' if s all serene. But there's a lot or work —puff— an1 a lot o' etufi. I couldn't carry a quarter of it, or I'd do the job myself. ' 1 mutt bave pals. Ate you game P' 'Game enough. Spotter,' answered tbe youngest of tbe three, whole voice in eom parisoa with tbe Brst speaker's bad quite a cultured ring, despite the slang, ' bat it is playing low down on Dave and s»i to keep us in the dark. Where is tbe crib P' ' Net far distant. 1.11 say bo more.' And Spotter dosed bis mouth frith a reaohsto snap that forbade further questioning. ' You'd belter stow yer gab, Qentfeman Jack,' interposed the third, whose closely cropped hair aad stubbly ohm indicated a recent discharge from oue of tbe prisons. ' When Spotter says it's all serene it's good enough forme;an'if you'd wanted a proper meal as long as 1 'ave, it'd be good enough for you.' Gentleman Jack shivered, doubtless at some 'That's aTf tight. Dave,' he sard ; M bat when I'm going to risk another pinch I want to know something absnt tbe job. I suppose Spotter is afraid we might forestall him f' 'Dnnnn about forestall,' growled Spotter, 'If you mean slip in first, that's just what I am afraid of. I've a safe thing. Den't both speak at ODt-e,but 1 wantter knowif you're on?' ' Yes,' said Gentleman Jack. ' Ob, aye,'' Dave answered. ' If s good enough for anybody, bar a blsomia' edict, if you say bo.' 'The o meet me at the old mill, at 12 sharp.' ' What about the tools p' asked Dave. 'They're planted. D'ye think I'm such a mug as ter carry 'em on me t I'm a houto' wuik carpenter, I am, goin' ter start on a job Brst thing in the mornin'. The tools ain't far from tbe job, you bet.' Dave laughed, emptied his glass and went out. Geatleman Jack waited a few moments, smoking ia silence, then followed. When both had hid time to clear away, Spotter also departed from the bar-room. Professional burglars do not leave much to chance. Spotter, otherwise known as tiicbard Savage, was leader of the gaag. His sobriquet be di rived from bis occupation, wbicl» was ' spotting ' likely houses, making tbe aects sary inquiries, ' balroiog,' that is, suborning, ths servants— m short, planning burglaries. Dare Cradriock was also sn old band, recently released from Blackwell's Island. Of Gentle man Jack, even bis confederates knew very little, nbich would pi rbaps account forSpotter's cautious reticence. They were aware that be bad been a ' penman,' or forger, because he bad been sentenced to a term of penal servitude for I bat offence, but not one of the gang, which comprised sbout a dozen expert cracksmen, was acquainted with his real name. Nor will it be divulged here. At the beur appointed the three met at the ?Id mill, each coming from a different direction. A more suitable nigbt for their evil enterprise could not nave been chosen There was nu moon, not a star visible, and the darkness could almost be felt. Spotter at *nce started off in tbe direct ien of a suburban town. Guided by bis fouttteps, Qentlemau Jack and Dave followed at a safe distance. After a time Spotter left tbe road aud visited a. shed in a field. When he rejoined his companions ho curried a car penter's satchel over bis shoulder. Half an hour's walk brought them to a large bouse standing in its own grounds near a paik. Tbe building, however, was quite invisible ; ao light showed in any of tbe windows. But Spotter baited outside tbe gate, 'The crib's there.' be muttered, pointing in the direction of the house. ' We've only got a widdrr ao' her daughter to deal witb, aa' three servants as sleeps in tbe attic. But we sha'n't disturb nobody, if we've decent luck.' ' Any dogs P' ssked Dave. ' There was,'' Spotter replied, under hii breath. ' I reckon they're buried in the garden by now,' aad he chuckled ai he tLougbt of the cruel deed which bad robbed the widow of ber faithful guardians. They entered the drive, treading softly on the loose grave). Suddenly Gentleman Jack came to a stand. ' Spotter,' he whsipered, '? what's the widow's name t' ' Blessed if I know,' was tbe reply ; ' I never asked.' ' What's the name of tbe house F' ' Dnnno. I can't read.' ' Do you know what road it's in r' ' Old Bontoo road, I reckon ; but what's tbe odds P' Gentleman Jack ankr.i no more questions, but as he followed his companions he muttered to himself : ' Lucy said th--» were goiug to live in the itviuue, so it's all right.' Tbey were now at I be baok of tbe building. Spotter pointed down the gardeu. ' If we've to cut and run,' be whispered, uraar dm turn way.- .turning on a nun's eye lantern, be allowed a momentary gleam to rest on a window near his elbow. It revealed a close array of ban. ' Every blessed winder in reach is tbe same,' he went on. ?? That's why I didn't take on the job single-handed. We've got to ale 'em throuirh.' . Their well- greased flies made scarcely any sound. In less than half un hour the protecting bars were out through and removed. Witb a broad-bladtd putty knife. Spatter then pushed back the window-catch, and lifted the sash. All took off their boots and entered tbe rcom, a kitchen. Dave closed the window cautiously, sad tbe tbree crept along the ball to another Urge room on the gn.und floor, where Spot Ur first made sure that the blinds were closely drawn, then lit tbe gas, one burner, which he turned very low. The dim light enabled them to perceive that the walls were covered with paintings, but the glitter of cellarettes and silver ornanieuts attracted them to a sideboard, and nothing eUs had any interest. 1 ' The diuin'-rooni,' whispered Spotter, wl.c had uot ' bslmed ' tbe servants for nothing. ' There's a eight more in that pke-: o' fur nisher than we can carry awa-.' ' Let's get at it, then,' said Dave. Gentleman Jack uioked the look in a twink ling. The plate was taktm out and tied up iu i handkerchiefs ready for removal. This rioat, ! Dave fetched a collarette and glasSLS from tbe j sideboard. ' I rcokou we've earned a drink,' be mut tered, grinning. ' Hold 'ard a bit,' Spotter rejoined. ' It's about time tho copper pHsged. I know bis beat. When he's gone, we'll take it easy for 'elf an hour afore clearing out.' ' He turned the light still lower and listened / at the wiadow. It was unnecessary. The policeman's tramp cnuM be heard 300 yards away. When his footsteps were no longer audible Spotter turned »p the light wdllt another burner. ' ' We're all serene now,' he said. ?? Gentle men, me if you can Bad a box of cigars about.' Gentlonun Jack approached the sideboard, over which hung a large portrait of an officer in cavalry nniform, now plainly visible in tbe strong gaslight. As bis gtae rested upon it his jaw dropped ; he staggered back, still with bis erei fixed on the piotuie. a.u i-xolatuation bunt from bis lips / Then, nulling himself to gether, he walked slowly round the ruom, stndfrstlv regarding every portrait on the wiMt, while Spotter aud Dave watoned Wm in amazement. Tbe tear ended, Gentleman J»ck confronted his fellow burglars. Hit lip- moved^ but be seemed unable to speak. * 'What's up. Matey I'1 askxd Spottw. 'You look as if you'd seen a ghost.' '?lbave.' aaid Goatlemau Jack, with aa effort. u Spotter— Dave— mi got to put all the things back aad get away.' . ' He's ROiie balmy on the erumpftV* mat tered Dave, nodding at Spotter. ' I'll see him ? .' Spotter's Uaspbemeos expn»sion need not be repeated. 'He most 'ave gone dotty,' be added. 'No — no,'aaid Gentleman Jack, 'my bead's all right, t'ot tbe things baok and come away, for heaven's sake 1 *' ' I ellos thought the. gentleman was a bit queer in tbe uut,'*aid Dave, nodding at Spotter again. ' Now I knows it.' ' Wbafs up with you, man f ' erisd Spotter, a. good deal louder than was prudent, 'Just this,' replied Gentleman Jack. ' That picture,' pointing to the drawing over the side board, ?? is the portrait of my father. Hs's dead ; I killed bim. This is mv mother's bouw ; I cant rub it.' Dave whistled. Spotter laughed incredu lously. ?? Who d'yer redcoa's goin' to believe that tale ? ' be muttered. ' You'd five years for writing a name as wasnt yer own en a bit a' paper — a matter o' wventy pounds, I've beered. Gam i If your folks had lived in a house like tbis, they'd have got you off somehow.' ' Only the governor knew,' rejoined Gen tle mas Jack, ' and tbe case bad gone too far. I didn't want to disgraoe them. I've been an awful scoundrel I broke she governor's heart, and well nigh the mater's, though she doesn't know that I've done time. Yes, I've been an awful scoundrel,' he repeated, '.'.but 1 haven't sunk so low as to rob my own mother, or see anybody else do it.' 'Then you'd better jolly well shut yer petpers, 'returned Spotter, as bestixed a bundle of tbe plate. ' Pick up some ol the stuff, Dave, an' come along,' be added, as be made for the door. But Gentleman Jack reached it first. ' Yeu'll bave to settle me before you take that,' be said. ' Put it down, or I shall rouse tbe house.' ' You will, will you ?' cried Spotter, in sud den fury. And snatching a revolver from bis hip- pocket be covered bis late confederate. ' E-ow, y»u just sing small, my fine bird, or I'll precious soon drill a bole throujtb ytu !' Tbe door betiad Gentlemau Jack opentd. He turued, but instantly faced about, hanging bis head. In the daorway stood a youni girl, elad in a dressing-gown, glancing from one to another of the tbree teen nitb frightened eyes. ' What are you doing here ?' she demanded. Aad then she saw tbe bundles of plate. ' Burglars '.' she suddealy cried. ' Jane — Audrew !' Spotter spr&B;£ upsn ber. With one great bony band he clutched her white throat, with the olber be pressed the muszle of bis revolver a|-ainct her forehead. ' Sbout again,' be hissed, ' aad I'il blow your brains out ! Dave, briug a cloth, or sum mat, an' gag her I' Bat the girl possessed both strength and courage Bra violent effort she fned herself and rushed into tbe hall, with Spotter after ber. The ruffian caught Lor by the hair, which Lung loosely to ber waist, and dragged ber back. Gentleman .Isuk's face turned of a ghastly bue His breath came iu quick, short gasps. His fiats were lightly cleuched. ' tiod help me I' be cried, suddenly. ' I can't stand this !' and with all bis force he struck Spotter between tbe eyes. The ruffian let go the girl's hair aad stag gered across the room, but recovered himself la an iostaut. There was a torrent of oatha, a flash, a crack, and Geotleman Jack flung up bis ' arms and fell beavily on the carpet When the terrified servants rushed into tbe room Spotter aud Dave had disappeared. The plunder lay where they had left it in their hur ried flight. Bending over Gentleman Jack's ' motionless form was tbeir young mistress, sob I bine hysterically and wriaging her hp.nds. ' It's Claude '.' she cried, betweea ber sobs. ' Claude, my poor brother, come back at last— come here to save my life ! He's dead !— the burglars bave killed bim. Don't let bis mother know !' aud nbe fell fainting across bis body. Gentleman Jack was dead— shot through the, heart. His atonemeat came too 1st*. Let us hope it was sufficient to wipe out his record of crime. The murder caused a great sensation. Gentle man Jack's body was recognised as that of an ex-convict, but the police kept tbeir owa coun sel. The victim's mother and sister never knew the truth. It was unnecessary to tell them, as it. turned out, for Spotter escaped trial fur that I crimr. He w-s killed in a drunken brawl at the very time tbat the detectives were seeking bim. Soon afterwards Dave was arrestf d for another offence and sent back to prison. As the mention of Gentleman Jack's real name would oaly cause pain to innocent people it is withheld. ? ' 