A NEW NERO. CHAPTER II. (continued). A REALISTIC ROMANCE. BY EDGAR FAWCETT, AUTBOR OF "An Ambitious Woman," "The Evil that Mon Do," Etc. At length ray plan grew plain to me. Uncle Malcolm kept late hours, and yet, as he openly confessed, always road himself to sleep, no matter how long after midnight-he retired. His servant had orders to place a candelabrum at his bedside, which he him self would light on entering his bed. /No thing could bo more natural than that he should/fall asleep over his book, and that- the wind from a easement not far away should cause one of the candles to blow a flame peri lously near the largo tester which overshad owed him. Hia apartments were near my own, opening off from the large second main hall of the building. X found out that Ida valet loft him ten or fifteen minutes after ho entered Ida chambers. I had grown very in timate with him, had seen the candelabrum which he employed, and had noted the win dow which he laughingly boasted of keeping unclosed at nearly all seasons. This was so near hia bed that ray exclamation of sur prise at his imprudence caused no surprise. “Oh, yes, Harold, Pm a tremendous lover of fresh air.’* “But the draught, uncle?" “There isn't any draught. The wind sometimes blows pretty hard into the room, but its current is stopped by the shut doors.” “What,” I urged, “if those draperies over your bed should catch fire from the candles you place so near it?" Uncle Malcolm laughed again. Ho was standing near the bed as ho spoke, and seised one of its falls of 'tapestry, giving the antique, brocaded breadth a careless toss. "Oh, no danger, rny boy. True, I hate the mouldy old rags, but I let them stay. They’re a bit of our Mountatuart history, you know. After the battle of Barnet, King Edward the Fourth slept, they say, in this very bed. The next morning he offered our ancestor, Guy Mountstuarb, an earldom, which was refused.” “I remember that our family refused an earldom in 1741," I answered. It seemed to me detestable, just then, that a title should not bo included in the wealth I was plotting to attain. Dinner at Gray don Hall waa the event of the day. My uncle rode, played billiards, drove, bored himself with matters that con cerned his estate, now and then tried his skill at chess, and often flirted immoderately, from morning until the hour for dinner. In disputably old, he yet boro himself like a man of forty. “My brother Cecil," he would say to mo, “is five years my iunior, and yet ho lives there at his place in Essex with his hunchback boy and his twin daughters, Edna and Olive, as though ho liad one foot in the grave and nearly half of the other. I'm a deal more sensible. - I recognise the absur dity of not amusing one’s self. My views may bo heathenish, but I can recall a num ber of heathens who squeezed some rather palatable juice from this queer orange of ex istence, after all." Throughout the day we,guests at Graydon did as we pleased. Often I would not see my uncle for hours, and entire seclusion, if I chose, was possible. But at dinner we ar rayed ourselves as if for a ball, and every dinner waa a banquet of princely grandeur. Late in the evening those who cared to do so would assemble in the smoking-room, an en chanting Elizabethan chamber, low-ceiled, with mullioned windows that gaze upon a garden full of hollyhocks and chrysanthe mums. On tlio night when X intended to kill my uncle it happened that by twelve o’clock only throe men besides him and myself had remainedNn the smoking-room. I had pro cured from two different chemists in the neighboring village two separate sleeping potions, each in itself a large dose. These I had combined, and I meant, if I could, to slip their colourless and comparatively taste less powder into one of my uncle’s late po tions of Scotch whisky and soda-water. The three men who still lingered in their commo dious chairs gave quiet threats of indefinitely remaining. But at last they betook them selves away, and my uncle and I were loft alone together. I felt almost certain that ho would desire more to drink before going up stairs. Ho had been grouse-shooting half the Aay, and had plainly sought to relieve fatigue {by copious draughts of wine at dinner. In deed, lie was visibly affected by what lie had .already drank ; his florid face was almost en •crimsoned, and Ins speech, though unwon 'tcdly glib, was a triile thick. If lie had really •been intoxicated nobody would have cared or .commented. He was a man who did, in all matters of personal deportment, ns he chose, and his great position, added to his native reckless and de bonair audacity, successfully challenged scan dal. “Ralph Southbrook ought to bo ashamed of himself to leave us like this, Harold, my Boy,” lie exclaimed, when the Last guest had ..departed. "The idea of that fellow talking .about Ids liver! I’m old enough to bo his ►father, and I’ll wager that I’ll get on mv .horse to-morrow morning and join the meet -at Hadd;scorn be wit hout the ghost of a head ache.” I looked at my uncle while he thus .spoke. Ho sat in a great leathern chair, puffing clouds of smoko from a choice cigar. Behind him loomed a massive sideboard, loaded with glass and silver. Above the jsombro wainscot, just over his grey, fluffy haired head, gleamed an old portrait of a Mountstuart by Van Dyke, with a ruff and a -pointed beard. I watched liim in silence for •a few seconds, as one might watch a painting ...of some jolly old wassailer by Rembrandt ur .■Rubens. “Ton will never get on your horse again/ J said to myself, “In a very short time from jiow you will no longer bo alive.” CHAPTER m. “"Upon my word,” I said gaily aloud to my ■uncle, “Lord Soufhbrook’s departure hasn't by any means plunged me in gloom. One does get so tired of grunted sneers at the exist ing government from a man who hasn't brains enough either to speak or write his opinions, notwithstanding that he’s an hereditary legis lator. May I fill your glass, uncle? Yes? Don’t rise. I will get everything you wish.” My uncle broke into a genial, permissive flaugh. He was in one of his mellowest and ■heartiest moods, poor man 1 I wondered, ns I wont to the sideboard and arranged his drink for him, why I could not find it in my .composition to give him, at least, the tribute <of a pitying pang, "This .surely . must be your 'night-cap/ mneie/’ I said, as I bonded him the glass into .which I had emptied my narcotic powder. “Vigorous as you arc, that hunt to-morrow swill tax your energies. It’s marvellous, re jnoraber, that a man of your years should be able to follow the hounds at all. And as for your reading in bed to- night, pray let me •counsel you not to do so. Mr. Maurayno’s .advice this evening was highly sensible;*! .only wish you would profit by it,” i had managed, about an hour ago, to tun* the conversation upon the subject of Uncle Malcolm's bad habit of reading himself In sleep, and I had specially referred to the danger he ran in placing the candelabrum so -near the bed. Some treated the matter ■humorously, but the guest whom I have men tioned took a serious view of it. The friendly scolding he had given my unde, however, was wholly wasted. Mal colm Mountsiuart was not to be’repriman ded out of doing precisely as he pleased. “My dear Harold,” he now said, as he began to sip the potion I had prepared for Mm, “your solicitude is really captivating, Egerton would not think of taking so much interest in rne; though, Heaven knows, I’ve naycr shown him the faintest semblance of the British father’s traditional severity. Ton'll not drink anything more yourself?” “No, thanks, uncle.” "You’re very right, my boy, I really feel thatl’ve drifted into taking a glass too much at night whcp. I’m down here in the country. The fact is, London, when one’s there in the season, gives- one such a lot to do that ono forgets■; There’s a queer taste, some how, about this tipple. A kind of—a salty taste.” I bad been standing at his side while he thus spoke. .1 now drew still nearer to him and laid one hand affectionately on his shou 1 - dcx. Then I stretched forth the other hand and held it poised near the glass. 'May I ta*to it?" I said. “Ocxtninly,” I raisedtlio big brandy-and-soda glass in ray Hps. - ‘There’s nothing the matter wit!) it uncle/' I soon said. The intensity of my tinctured the liquor. I had hoped that 1 1ds effect would not occur. Still it was not very palatable, and I wondered that after his previous imbibitions Ko should have ob served it "Perhaps, then, IVo merely imagined,’ said my uncle; and ho took a large draught .from the liquid. Soon, with no further men tion of the strange flavor, he went on in his jovial, babbling way for several minutes, Ar last ho took another big gulp and rose. Pre sently wo passed upstairs together. H.s steps* wort a little unsteady, but not more so than 1 had several times remarked them at about the same hour of tho night, I left him at the door of Ida bedroom and moved to that of my own. The work now de manded of mo must be performed with accu racy and speed. I greatly deplored the pos sibility of Graydon being Burned. I wanted it to remain just as it was when I should become its master, and the thought of tire consuming or oven jiartially ruining it was j distressing to consider. But I had carefully calculated on this unhappy chance. ! Graydon Hall, in the year 1813, had suf ; fored from n disastrous though not exhaustive 1 tire. Egerton Mountstuart,' its then pro prietor, had arranged, after the destruction ■ of several valued pictures and nearly half a treasured library, that engines, hose, ladders | and all tho facilities for extinguishing fire at ! a brief notice, should be placed in a certain j structure not more than q quarter of a mile from the Hall itself. The preservation ot I this building ami fchc retention there of cer tain men who should always he in readiness, night or day, had entered as an imperative clause in hia will, and successive heirs to chc property had religiously regarded it. Be tween the fire-house, as it had. got to bo called, and tho main edifice itself, | both telegraphic and telephonic co.n -i mmiication was now established. 1 had just learned where these electric agen cies could he found (they wore in a sort of al cove of the great second hall, scarcely twenty yards from my own bed-chamber), and I had also acquainted ravself thoroughly with their inodes of manipulation, Entering my comfortable quarters after a smiling good-night to Uncle Malcolm, I first t!irow myself into an arm chair, then took out my watcli and steadily regarded it. I rae int to give Mr. Mountstuart just twenty min utes, during which time I felt certain that tho narcotic would potently have worked. My pulse was equable, my brain clear. I, had, it is true, an excited feeling, bub only one of that pleasurable sort which some .scien tist might have when on the verge of veri fying any experiment whose results wavered betweeudisappohitment and success. After a few more minutes I closed my watch, re placed it in my pocket and clad my feet with a pair of soft slippers which were in readiness at arm’s reach. An hour before wo left fcho smokiogroom my uncle had dismissed his servants, as I was well aware. Never was there a man so utterly careless about tho guarding of Ids wines and liquors, most of which- were ex tremely rare and choice. I possessed myself of a large ewer and a box of-wax tapers. Then, soundless- footed, I reopened my door. The house was now as still as death. I slipped downstairs like a shadow,* gained the smok ing-room, and with the aid of my tapers found fchc unlocked sideboard. From alargo vessel of alcoholic liquor I filled my ewer. Tins act was all very quickly performed. I hod glided upstairs in no time and re-enter id my room. I now listened for a good five minutcA It was beyond credence that anyone had heard me. Tho entire dwelling was too evidently wrapped in slumber. How brief a while would elapse before that slumber was destined to be broken by the cruellest of alarms! Possibly other lives than that of Unde Malcolm would be sacrificed. I con templated such a strong chance with onru-. cd repose. My one chief distress was being forced personally to warn the “fire-house.” I should have preferred that some other hand than mine might press fcho electric button which would rouse its inmates. However, this was but a minor affair. I need simply assort, if any subsequent questions were asked, that Iliad sounded no summons. Who really had done so would then remain a my* - tory* Of course I might afterward have affirmed that I had smelled smoko and had hurried from my room to employ this known means of demanding aid. Still, tho fact that I had been tho last one of the groat house hold in my uncle's company, just previous <o lus death, might cause a certain undercur rent of discussion quite opposite to my aims and designs. But chance, in a painful and frightful way, became my accessory. When I had assured myself that the narcotic had by this time pro duced its full effects, I once more left my annrtmehi with the filled ewer in my 'uands. Pausing at my uncle’s door, I had a sudden dread that it might be locked. If so, I was baffled in a way no less trivial than torment ing. Ha hod more than once told mo that Ids valet was not expected to aid him in un dressing, and that the man had orders not again to visit him, after lie had attired him self for dinner, until tho following morning. Very softly I turned tho knob. It yielded, and I* stood for several seconds beside the aperture I had thus made. “I might have been sure," swept through my thoughts, “ that'lie would not lock his door. Did lie ever lock anytliing from any body? Is it not exactly like'him to sleep unguarded ?” At tho same time I reproached myself keenly for having failed to remember this po tential hindrance. Here, at the outset of my career in crime, I was committing an er ror of extreme ln reality, it had not turned out bo be serious ; but this result should act upon me as the most stringent of warnings. I listened at the opening of the door, and soon heard a stertorous sound which it was easy to explain. Passing boldly into the chamber, I saw that what I had expected to happen had not disappointed me in the least. My uncle lay on the side of lus bed,’ par tially undressed, and in a deep sleep. The candlelabrum, with its eight wax lights aflame, flared close to the bed- His book had fallen upon his breast. The window just opposite him was open, though its shade was drawn, and a somewhat brisk night-breeze made it palpitate and flutter. I watched for a little while his flushed face. Tho anodyne surely had him well in its drpwsy hold. Delay would bo idle now. I drew ono long breath, clenched my teeth, and acted. With the contents of tlm liquor-filled ewer, 3 saturated the bed, the pillow and tho clothes of the sleeper. Then I wet £lio fall of curtain that hung a few inches beyond ‘his forehead. The alcohol in the stuff was vola tile ; I must lose no time. Taking one of the candles from ita sockets, I ignited the soaked tapestry. As I did so I recall tolling myself that it was, a sorry shamo to destroy so priceless a relic. With tho same candle I fired my undo’s garments, his pillow and his bed clothes. Then I threw the candle, si’ll lighted, upon the rim of .tho bod at his side, and darted from the room while a great glare pursued me, I had become really excited now. My coolness had in marked measure left me. Still, I had presence of mind enough to dose tho door. But I was not at all prepared for so sudden a whirl of agitation, and when I had regained my own room I dropped u eakly into a chair, overcome by tumultuous heart beats. Oddly epough, this weakness wak ened anger at myself, and the hostile , effort with which I strove to defy it possibly saved me from a complete swoop. When I recovered nerve again, I sprang up from the chair, pierced by throes of morti fication and shame. it shot through my brain, was a fine beginning of tho glorious criminality which I had resolved upon, in its sevenfold reach and span of diabolism! Truly, like Caliban, I was but a “delicate monster,” after all. But new calmness had come to me now, and I felt sure it bad come to last. What had racked and unstrung mo, for a short while was tho taking of the first stop in my downward murderous course. Some hidden hereditary remnant in mo of the humane and the merciful had thrilled my whole nature with an unforeseen shock. But Ml that was now past; I had again become my actual self. After rising, I eaw my face reflected in an opposite mirroij; it was wliite as that of a corpse. In a surge qf mortifying recollection I grew conscious that I had not yet given the alarm. My door was but partly closed; I drew in a deep breath and stretched my limbs as an athlete might do when he lias failed in some feat which he. has determined to try again. The apparatus which -I sought wqs placed midway between ray uncle’s apart ments and my own, and t again swiftly, glided out into the hall which led to. it. Through my uncle’s open door a volume of red-lit smoke was pouring. “No time .should bo lost,” I romember thinking then, “if this magnificent house is to be saved/’ My hand was put forward to unclasp the little metal box which jutted from the wall, ’when I perceived a figure which staggeringly approached me. It was that of my uncle, and it was a horror to behold. The flesh hong in ghastly slineds from onouplifted arm. His heard mid hair wore burned to the skin, and his brow and cheeks were blackened like a.nogro’s. It seemed a miracle that he should live at all; for he was nearly, naked, and hia raw and blistered body gleamed sickening be twem the charred tatters of his. attire. I fancied, at first, that he was blind, and had wildlv gropwlbis way toward the fire signal But no 1 although one eyelid looked as n it had been half burned off, he still retained his sight, for he recognised mo and made at mo a. kind of gnashing sound, the teeth-, glistening denuded behind his hoat-almvclled Bps. ‘ . On a sudden he astounded me with a voice, husky and gasping: “You—you did this damnable thing I t - * I saw you just as you left the room—woke up and sow vou 1 Devil tlial you am, Harold, you—you've killed mo 1 I’ll tell them you re my mtirdercr—I'll tell them. as sure- His forlorn tones Faded him- The dread that ho would really )>e able to speak and denounce mo vanished in a few more seconds. For despite fcho marvellous • energy "ith which he soon succeeded in reaching the alarm box, tearing it open and ringing peal after peal on its wires, he had already grown quite speechless, and in a very brief while -dropped down like load at my feet, the most unearthly of human wrecks. X did not need to stoop over Jiim in order to assure myself that he no longer breathed. As for the open alarm box and the inert shape just below it, these would toll their own story. Once let me regain my own room - unporeelvcd, and I couldTook all future ac cusation in the eyes-—even if it should pre sume to confront me—with an air of the most dauntless innocence. Quick as the flame that must now have been rioting in my uncle’s room, I sped back to my own. There, with intense haste, I disrobed and arrayed myself in pyjamas, as if for the rest-. Turning out my light I slipped into bed,, and fell at once to listening intently. Meanwhile I had looked my door, mindful of future charges and doubts. X was risking my own life, of course. But 1 preferred doing so in place of having the conflagration traced to my hand. Execrable ns I may appear to those who con these on naly, cowardice was not- among my faults. ; My crimes, it is true, have been the quintes sence of both cowardice and villainy; I do ] not dream of denying that. But I maintain thjit to commit them required a sublimity of personal risk, just, as it required a Bublimity of conscienceless .evil Since the beginning of my plan to reach great wealth through the , •assassination of seven follow-crcaturcs, I had more than once imagined that if Christianity were, right and a demoniac individual force existed in the universe, then this Malignity which the Bible has named Devil, and Goethe has named Mephistopheles (Dcr Geist tier slots verneint) had entered into my body, driving, from it the spirit found there and replacing it with Ilia own by an act of grim usurpature. Crouched prostrate in my bed, I listened and waited. What if the alarm had not reached tho fire house? Wlurt if those who should have heard arid instantly acted upon it were deadly asleep or absent from their posts ? Oddly enough, these thoughts did nob dis turb mo. My nerves, as I lay there listening, were of steely firmness. X analysed my‘ own sensations as if I had been a physician feel ing tho pulse of a patient. I mads a dis covery regarding myself, and tranquilly noted it—I had absolutely no terroif of death ; I was a consistent inpdel, if nothing else. Give mo my dues, reader of these confes sions. How many of our nineteenth century unbelievers can pub themselves to tho test as successfully as I did then, feeling that the fiend of firo might at any instant sweep on ward to my destruction, and yet obdurately determined that I would nob leave my cham ber until called thence By some outside evi dence of monition or affright? The minutes were liko hours now. I heard a Hull roaring sound wliich was easy to ‘interpret. The desire of life became fiercely strong. I was about to leap /com my bed and cast all further caution to tho winds when a series of heavy knocks beset my door. Even then I kept my self-poise perfectly. “Who's there?'' I asked, in tones of affected drowsiness. I heard tho knob of my door violently turned several times. “Whafc is it? What is it?" I now ex claimed, half sure that I had recognised tho voice. ‘‘Mr. Moxmtstuart! It’s you, isn’t it? This is your room, then! Oh, for God's sake, unlock your doorl The house is on fire 3" I dashed out of bed now, and unturned the key in the lock. As I opened my door I saw 'hat the hall was one crimson glare. Escape might not bo so easy at this point. And yet my dominating thought was— "If I save myself I do so without one stain of suspicion 1” * CHAPTER IV. He who had wrought that summons at my door was none, other than Mr. Jolm Mau rayno, tho intimate friend and- solicitor of my uncle, and the very man who had not long ago addressed him with, such admon ishing terms about hid bad custom of read ing in bed. He had, occupied a chamber, as it chanced, in a wing of the huge house over looking the quarters of our host, and the growing brightness of tho blaze had waken ed him. I played my part witlv excellent skill “Let us think first of the living,” ! said to Maurayne, after I had bent for an instant above my uncle’s corpse, with a loud and shivering groan. “Lob us try to rouse every one in the building, or even worse horrors may follow this one!" “Eight, indeed! ” said Maurayne. “Look,” I pursued, catching his wrist and pointing to fcho open alarm case. “My poor uncle-lias puobably sent a message to the fire-house, even though burned in this dreadful way. How bravo of liim, how noble, how forgetful of self!" In a few mure minutes my “theory” was confirmed. The dremcn rushed to their task, and before dawn the flames wore wholly mastered, though not without stern struggles. A huge blackened cavity in one side of beautiful Graydon Hall remained to affirm the dolorous ravages it had under gone. My uncle’s funeral was an immense one. Unde Ge$il qf course, attended it, coming over from Clcoye Dodge in Esspx with his threo children. Between these two brothers, I mused, there could not possibly exist a I greater contrast. Cecil Mountstuart was a I tall, grey, spare man, who rarely said “yes” or “no” without clothing the monosyllables in a good deal of self- importance. He was incessantly smoking; from a boy I used to wonder how many cigars a day he consumed, i His son, Angus',’'was’ still more spur and un geninl, Fatally deformed, with a large head I and pale, koc-n features, riwug from a fra- j gilo little pair of humped shoulders, hb ; seemed to; express nearly the most conceive ! able blending of what was human and what j was uncanny. His instruction had always been carried on by private tutors, and these, I had already learned, often shrank with dis tress from a mind that seemed to have lite rally come into the world pessimistic and cynical. As) a cliild Angus,had revealed the most cprious tastes. -He had a passion for reptiles, apcl at twelve years old had made a collection of frogs an<| snakes which were the horror of his sister Olive, though Edna re garded them with frosty tolerance. Later this weird taste took a scientific form, and now ho was really a naturalist of some posi tive merit. His chief delight was in snakes and'.rbpfcilcs of every sort, though he cared' little for them unless alive, and had induced his father to fib up for him at CleeyoLodgean abode in which to accommodate his clammy pets. Here he would spend hours, and as his sister Olivo assured me, there were times. when ho ran tho risk of being bitten, since ho had now become the possessor of rattle snakes, mocassins, and other venomous crea tures. (To be continued.) 