SKETOriBR. DBOWNING. 'Drowning is a pleasant death' is a remark cpngfantly made by those who never gulped down salt water into thedelioate tissues of their lungs. Twice I have had the opportunity of judging of the alleged deUghts attendant on death by drowning; and on eaoh oooasion my sensations, so long as sensibility remained, were the reverse of pleasant: wero, indeed, so painful that I wonder if drowning, like the drugs of the pharmacopoeia, does not affect different individuals in a different manner. By some strange mental prooess, the oause of whioh I oannot explain, the earlier of the experi- Moes I am about to relate remains by far the more vivid impression of the two, although the seoond was fifteenyears later than the first. Every incident, emotion, and sensation of the earlier experience constantly returns to me at nieht. The Becond remains in oblivion unless I voluntarily and purposely reoall the oironmstanoes to my mind, and then the piotnre oalled up is a oonsoious effort of the memory; not the vivid and stirring panorama of an event which even now I am involuntarily compelled towitness anew, and from whioh I cannot escape by any effort'of the will. The earlier inoident, in all its externals, fs oommonplaoe enough; As a lad I was bathing in rough weather on the beaoh of a watering plaoe in^ Northern Franoe. Swept out to eea, I struggled, sank, beoame insenBihle, and was saved by the oourage and skill of a gallant Frenohman—who wrote his name that day in my mother's New Testament as a memorial of the resoue. This was all. The oiroumstunoes were ordinary. A thousand such may ooour every year. Psychologically, however, there are points of interest whioh arise principally from the fact that I remember all that happened during a period of time whioh msj have been four or five minutes, bnt whioh appeared to be as many hours. Almost immediately I entered the water, the muoh-resounding roar of the waves struck me as desolating and sorrowful—full of foreboding and terror. Ashamed of this fanoy, I instinotlvely but foolishly fought my way seawards, and was promptly out of my depth; not because I intended to run Miy risk, for X oould not swim, but beoause the strong ourrent had soooped out a hollow in the saudy bottom, which had six feet of water on the top of it. Tumbled over by the waves, the oonoentrated agony of the moment when the water closed over my head for the first time oannot be described. Xt was the bitterest point of the struggle. Cruel and omnipotent foroe, without .warning or reason, surrounded me, and my frantic and determined efforts to escape only increased the pent-up passion tooease holding my breath and to inhale onoe more. I s felt instinctively, as I writhed in the cold, black water, that if once I suooumbed to the temptation to expel my breath, whioh almoBt burst the ribs in my angry efforts toretain it, the end would oome; that I should be oompelled to breathe inwards while covered with the pressing salt water. At this time I must have given way, and the dreaded stream of air-babbles rose to the surface. A few weeks before I had watched the drowning of a cat in the olear water of a running stream. The animal was tethered to a stone, and had fought with upturned faoe for liberty. When the bubbles rose in s silver fountain from the oorners of its mouth, it stood at the bottom swaying in the gentle ourrent, turned over, and after one final struggle gave up the ghost. This scene oame vividly before me. I thought of this wretched cat, and was half amused to think that my case was the case of the oat. There was no fear; the actual oironmstanoes filled my attention, and the piteous longing to escape and the inability of my efforts suddenly became subordinated to the feeling of intolerable pain. Eyes, chest, limbs, were all one solid pain. Just then 1 touched the Bandy bottom with my fingers and knee, and hastily snatohed a handful of sand and water to thrust in my mouth to end this Btruggle for air. All X wanted was to end the pain. No thought of death, except as an interesting and immaterial factor in the situation, oame over me. It is true that X remembered that I should be missed when dinner-time came and I was found missing; and thinking of the home people, X thought of a blue tie I had left on a ohest of drawers in my bedroom, which X had intended to put on. Then, suddenly, I found my eyes above water for a seoond, and I saw two blurred figuresnear. On this I sank again, and was conscious of relaxing effort and sinking out of a oonsoiouB state to one in whioh one dreamed without knowing what the dreams were* From this I awoke in i great pain in the oentre of a orowd on the leach, irhither my rescuer had borne me. My first thought was one of infinite and unreasoning shame; but the nausea oaused by swallowing BO muoh salt water quiokly brought me back toearth again. On the seoond oooasion, many years later, \- was swimming at some distance from the shore in the tropics, and when I turned in a homeward direction 1 found that the onrrent was tooBtrong for me, and that, do what I could, I was being swept in an easterly direotion; and as the ooast line trended northward, this was equivalent to being taken out to sea. The sense of being once more in the olutoh of an omnipotent and inexorable foroe of the sea overwhelmed me with dismay. I remembered with horror all the sensations that had attended my eariier experience of drowning, and to this apprehension was added the knowledge that there was some, though not a great, danger from sharks. I looked shorewardB and seawards, and saw to my joy that a small coral islet or rock, a few feet square, lay in an easterly direction, and that by hnsbanding my strength it might be praotioable to reaoh it. Alternately swimming and floating, I was s overcome by a terrible fatigue, and as my strength failed I beoame oonBoious of the faot that a great disaster was at hand. Almost abandoning hope, I was involuntarily interested in contrasting the sensations experienced under the shadow of the death that was impending with the feelings under similar ciroumstanoes fifteen years before. It suddenly ooourred to me that if I shouted with aU my remaining strength the eonnd might reaoh the shore, and that _ oanos might be manned and put out for my resoue, and might reaoh me in time. Although I was not aware of the faot, my cries had been heard. Half swimming, half drifting with the tide, I had managed to swallow sufficient salt water to produce partial insensibility; but by some good fortune, and almost unoonsoioudy, it seems that I managed to reaoh the coral rock to which reference has been made. Although I felt no pain at the time, the sharp edges of the coral growth eaverely out my hands id I was bleeding freely when overtaken by a boat which, without m- knowledge, had put out tosave me. I sud' denly became coneoions of the presenoe oi my rescuero, and automatically grasped with a frantic olutoh the knife-like edges of the coral fronds, which grievously lacerated my fingers. Whether it was the smell of blood or mere acoident at the time when I was lifted from the water into the canoe, a shark was almost tonching me; but the noise and splashing made by the men in the boat successfully frightened him away. X have no reoolleetion of being lifted into the oanoe, but was in a dead faint for some mlnntes. At no time during this latter experience I oonsoious of the slightest tendenoy to vey my past life, or to deplore the sins an< failings whioh I share in common with th< rest of humanity. It is a remarkable instance of Shakespeare's omnisoienoe that he refers to the pain of drowning in the celebrated soliloquy' , of Clarence in the play of Biohard III. in a sense totally opposed to the popular conception of this mode of death, and in exaot agreement with my own experience. ' Oh~Eora~methoujK{pwha£ gB&TlFins; lo drown 1 What dreadful noise of water in mine ears 1 What rights of ugly death within mine eyes! and often did I strive To field the ghost: but still the envious flood Stop^d^in my soul, and would not let it To find the empty, vast, and wandering air: Bnt smother'd it within my panting bulk, Whioh almost bunt to belch it in the sea.' —ABKOCD WHITE; 