literary notes. MFROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT. LONDON, mil February. '.The stories by lending Aunlrn- ! Insinn authors which the uprightly Sydney ' poetess, Lain Fisher, Is editing, under the title of "By (Jreelt nnd Oully," are Bald to be exceedingly rood. Anyhow, Mr. Fisher XJnwIn (her pub- lisher) Informed the lady that be was ready to taltc nH ninny volumes of orpinl merit its she could collate. The tales deal mainly with early pioneering days, the most notable contributions being by Louis Itceke, II. H. jlarrlott-Wntson, E. W. Hornung, A. I'nt- cliett Martin, Ned Itawson, Douglas Sla<leu, Hume Nlsbet nnd Mrs. Campbell I'rned, Mrs. Mnnuington Cnffyn ("Totn"), Mrs. I'ntchctt Martin and Miss Margaret Thomas. These ire mostly fine old crusted names, and doubtless the work will be good; but why slick solely to the Anglo-Colonial contingent? There are a number of younger writers nink- Ing names for themselves In Australia and New Zonlnnd whom we don't know. here yet, and of whoso quality It would be exceeding ly Interesting to secure a sample. It Mrs. l'lsher merely confined herself to her own native city (Sydney) she could, I fancy, make \- up a collection of considerable Interest. And. apropos of this sort of story hunting, I recall that about ten years ago Mrs. I'a't- cliett-Murtln brought out a little book of the nunc aortas Mrs. Fisher's, called "Tinder the Ultra Tree." It contained several Interest ing, and one altogether remarkable, contri bution. The writer was u lady, and quite uuknown. Mrs. Martin, Indeed, included licr rather for the snke of her husband, a clever, voluble, attractive Melbourne doctor, who had himself just perpetrated a particu larly able, but qulsby, novel. The authoress of the successful story was Mrs. Mnnnlng- ton Caffyn, who presently blossomed Into fame as "Totn." Dr. Caffyn used to pro test that he had always recognised his wife's genius. Perhaps he did in a masculine sort of way. Till, however, the cleverness of the little tale in Mrs. Martin's volume at tracted. general attention It never occurred to him to lug out from the bottom of nn old cradle the MSS. which she had written In the hush during one of his visits to England. This was of course "A Yellow Aster," the novel of Its season, and clever, whatever one may think of the plot. All who enjoyed Miss Mary KIngsley's de lightfully written record of her recent tra vels will avidly seize the bulky volume of "West African Studies," hi which she re turns to the subject. Truth to tell, bow- ever, I'm afrafd the general reader will com plain that there Is too much study ami too ; little story in this new hook. It would cer tainly gain enormously by compression. I Skipped remorselessly, and. by so doing came on lots of good bits I should , never have reached had I conscientiously attempted to plod through 630 solid pages. The cliupters ou Fotlsli Worship are very Interesting, and Miss KIngsley's adventures with "driver" nuts, "cattish" and so forth, capitally told. Her description of the "driver" ant 1b a terrible picture of one of the deadliest pests in the animal kingdom. When the driver nut, In his tens of thousands, Invades a dwelling, Its Inhabitants, Including rats nnd mice, take to flight for dear life's nake. Miss Klngsley makes mention of an unfortunate lunn who, having drunk more than was good for him, lay down to sleep on the roadside, and whom the drivers attacked, leaving no- tiling of him by the next morning but his skeleton and his clothes. On one of her fishing expeditions Miss Klngsley very near ly came to grief In catching n cut-flsh, a hor rible beast which you must stun with a club, and whoso spiky fins you must knock ' oil with the same before you con venture to lmul him on board your cruqky canoe. "Over," says the lady, "went our canoe, while the cat fish went off home with the line and hook. One hlack man went to the hank, whither, with a blind prescience of o\ir fate, I had flung a second before the most valuable o'c- cupnut of the canoe, 'The Study of Fjshes.' I went personally to investigate fluvial de posit In situ. When I returned to the sur-. face— accompanied by great swills of mad and great bubbles of the gases of decompo sition I lind liberated on my visit to the hot- lom of the river — I observed the canoe float ing bottom upwards, accompanied by Mor ton's tin, the calabash and the paddles, while on the bnnk one black man was engaged in hauling the other one out by the legs." All the reviewers give large extracts from Miss KIngsley's valuable and informative conclusions anont witchcraft nnd fetishes. I have not space for tbnt; but may notice one of the most Interesting points In the discus sion is the absence of ancestor worship among the fctishistic races. Among these the dend man does not rise to the grade of a god In the other world. All that happens In death Is the release of one of the components of the living body. Of course the ghost's life after the death Is the same ns that he- fore It. Hence the despatch to his ghost- ship of wives, slaves, food and so on. Miss . Klngsley corrects the common idea that the fetish Is always embodied In something. The fetish may or may not be' embodied. Every object, rock, tree, stone, &c.;, lias Its life, spirit, ghost or fetish. Fetishism' is a form of animism. Miss Klngsley pictures the niojitul state of a convert from fetishism, wherein the godB are cruel to the Christian religion. When, in some day of trouble, the ex-fetishist fnces the problem of an omni potent God and a suffering world, "Aud ho turns and calls upon the god he has boeu taught will listen, pity and nnswor; his use of what the scoffers at the con verted African enll 'cnteh phrases' is hor ribly heartrending to mo,, for I know how \- real, terribly real, the whole thing Is to him, and I therefore see the tcmptutlon to return to those old gods — gods from whom lie never expected pity, presided over by a god that does not care. - All that ho. had to do with bom wits not to Irritate them, to propitiate thorn, to buy their services when wanted, - and, nbove nil, to dodge and avoid thoni, h'lille he fought It out and managed devils at large." Mr. Henry Murray (David Christie's younger brother) Is not a person for whose critical acumen anybody I've over heard of holds a specially high regnril. Still I confess I was rather pleased to read In the "Sunday Sun" over his signature a slashing attack four columns long on Mr. Wntts-DUnton's "Aylwln." The mnnner In which this ro mance has been "log rolled" Into popularity amounts to something like a literary scan dal. The story has good points, ns I Indica ted when It appeared, but that It deserves the tnn« of laudatory butter recklessly slobbered over It I really cannot see. Mr. Murray spoils his case by extravagant abuse —the other extreme. I am, howovor, so fur with lihn that I doubt the ability of nny of the exuberant scribes who called "Aylwln" a poem In prose," "a prose masterpiece;" a work of genius," &c.;, to extract there from a single pnssnge which rises above 'the veriest mediocrity. 