COIVTE'jGETE STORY. TROOPER THOMPSON'S B. M. CROKER. [corvniGUT-3' ru•: .v.—r,Tvjak^- ,—/i when Australia IWZMiXilMid jSl fMR* lAKO • w^m^i t * {-'"i !c:snaw%I -°:rj was not the camping ground .roopcr in iu o u n t c « police. I had gone out to the ^ ^ "' KoWfields, iiko •*»W|8 ihaaH.niis o! other yoitu.^ . ^ . , '-ons, expecting 4i *"<=''nvxuc ,:'T,y f°r" \- lU\it ^ cs over, were not fulfilled—nr from it! On the contrary, r..s in tnc case of the dog and hhudow, I lost all t;ro substance I po^cs-rut. Alter toiling for months in1 a worn-' claim, often hi;co, deep in water, my chum '.oHeti with' our pitiful uecamuhtl;<m of gold oust; and a phi:, cradle, and the clothes I .•■toou in, represented my worldly all. Under incse dis:re.s.-iii'4* eircu:a<:.iu"ev, I was th;u»h :ul to enlist iu the police. Tlio reparation,of .•;»£• pretty steady f and a* goo a. man 011 a nortc, were xnr sole credential*. \- Ihe nay was small. I was <i Ion;; way is»nr from the pleasant liltrh road that leads . iO fortune. Work was inces.-aur, and pru .. ;>:OtM:x slow, ' I had hacti nearly three years ... • m file force, and was still Trooper Thompson, and bejran to fear that as Trooper Thompson • X ehcukl live and die. when that well known t:do winch interferes so potently in the affairs \ of n;ant sot ray way at last! Wc had b-ie'n ou5 for two days mi the tnc:; of a party of notorious bushranger*, and \- rciumcd empty handed to our headquarters pretty well done up,' to Hud wncu.all stragglers wero assembled, tiro-Trooper Mar • • Tin was nuVsiug. Just before dark his hay • . mare galloped in,\ covered with dust auu • sweat, but her accoutrements were complete, .. and there was not a speck of bteod^on saddle .. or holders, or anything- about her to afford \- the faintest cine to the fate or whereabouts of r her rider. Had lis met with foul plav? Had i' tno mare broken away and loft him ou foot, . to lose himself and perish in the trackless : "Lush? A rigorous search was instituted at suhnse : —a search that was repeated for live days; t . not a porch of ground was left unexplored withm a rucius of fen miles, nevertheless this indefatigable qnest proved unavailing. Har j tin, oue of the smartest of our men, appeared .*• to have been completely lost, as if the earth had-opened her mouth antT swallowed hiin . up like Konib, Dathan; aud Abirum. 3Sbne so kceu and so cager over the pur suit of Martin as our chief; none so irritable and impatient at the. futite result of his tire less exertions. However, lie was compelled •to leavo our headquarters for a week on • urgent "business iu another quarter of tho \- district, and before he set out he scut for me and Rpoko to me privately. 14Look here, Thompson,*' he said, "you \- have a fairly good head on your shoulders, v. use your wits, and find out what has become ofoarinau. If you succeed, I promise yr proinotibn—and miud this, I shall expect to Jxear of Martin, dead or alive, when I return this day week. So be up and doiug. I saluted nud muttered that I would do my hesr, but inwardly asked myself liow I could hope to succeed, when oue of the most ex perienced officers had failed ? And yet I ' might bv.chauce stumble on some clue! I puzzled over the matter day and night. • I can conscientiously nflirm that whether I rede about tho-neighbouring sheep run?, scoured the bush, drugged waterbolca, or lay tossing on xuy cot,' Martin was never out uf my thoughts.. Three of the precious days had gone by had flown—and yet no trace of our missing ' comrade, work, ponder, track as I wuuldj At length it .ett'mo to the eve of the chiefs rctuin, and alas, I was no nearer promotion than when he hud skirted, though I had covered miles of country,, and lost whole nighrs of sleep. I was utterly worn out with my fruitless quest that evening, and after a hasty meal threw uivself on v my cot and slept the sleep of utter exhaustion. I cannot nay how long this sleep may have lasted, but the moon was shining /till into tho window when I was awoke by someone in beavy. boots entering my room—a man—who camo over and stood ut the foot of :ny bed, end. I must confess that I was u good deal startled when I recognised Alurtiu. . 44 Bullo !" I shouted, 44 where the dickens have you been? Why did you not report yourself?" No reply—but Ned Alartiu was pro verbially alow of speech. >■ A pretty fright you have given U3—aud a nice search we Imvo badT" X sat up and stared hard at my comrade, and noticed (hat he looked whito aud death like. His eyes, as they met mine, hud a btrnugo lack-lustre expression—no doubt tlio nour chap had been? nearly starved in the bush. "What's up r" I asked impatiently ;■ "why the devil can't yon speak ?" Martin was always a silent chap, bnt to stand gazing at mo and never opening his month, after a ten days* leave of absence, was too much. " Whero have you been ?" I repeated. At lost bo answered in a low, busily voice, ihat sounded as if it wore far away. • "Ten. miles' woit—Litfan's- run—shep herd's hut—six yards to rear—six feet deep." • Then ho suddenly turned round, and made j for the door. As X jumped out of bed and j hurried after him, I noticed by the searching! moonlight that there was u great black stain j on tho back of bis coat, just below the left j shoulder. Ho crossed the kitchcu and went [ out, Istill following him, calling after him! to "wait," to "hold hard." but even as II stood on the threshold, ho was gone—where? | Gaze as I would, there was not a soul to be seen, not a living thing—nothing but the cold weird moonlight, illuminating a vast expanse of plain, and a few scraggy blue gum trees. I clo-cd and bolted tho door with palsied precipitation, and ran back to bed, and—yes, truth is best—covered my head up with tho clothes and lay iu a cold sweat for j what secmcdvto mo days, my heart thumping like a steam hammer. I bad seen—a ghost. I struggled madly with au overwhelming senso of horror, but by degrees this feeling wore off. Had it not bceu a bad dream—a nightmare—that 1 would havo forgotten by dawn?. Compelled by somo strange instiga tion, I crawled timidly out of bed, Jit a candle and wrote down—f11 Ten miles west; Latfan's runr .shepherd's but, six yards to rear, six feet deep," and then crept back between the blankets, where I lay sweltering between fear and indecision. If it was a dream, what a pretty fool I should look if I took tho men out on a ten miles wild goose chase and "stuck up " an innocent individual. Instead of pro motion, I ran a fairly good chance of being dismissed from the force in disgrace. At one moment I resolved to have.nothing to do with the visum, at another I decided to follow 3Jartin?s directions and to stand ray chuncc. Finally I pfil asleep, determined to take no steps whatever in the matter, yet even as I dozed, an indefinable something con tinually urged me to go to Laifan's run—a shuddering whisper seemed to say, "Here is your opportunity at last; tike it." i After hours of .miserable hesitation, Ij roused the men, hut I took no one into my confidence—it was surely another voice than mine, which boldly addressed my amazed comrades. 4t Prepare to start for Lallan's run in half an hour. Take a spare horse—Hartai's ware will do—a piece of rope, u pair of handcuffs, and a couple of spades." As a matter of course, I was a good deal chaffed, but received all witticisms with index ible composure. " You seem very sure of your bird, boss? Bid you get the hint by telegram? I suppose ifartiu is expecting us to breakfast ?" These* and 'similar remarks were made, to all of which I turned a stolid countenance and a deaf ear. To tell the truth, I was very far from confident, and though I led the party with much assurance at. a sharp canter, my heart was thumping fast, and beads ot perspiration broke out upon my face. Ou the result of tbo next hour's developments depended my whole future! ' I would either bo infallibly branded as an iucapablo and mischievous idiot, or I should bo known far and wide as one of the cleverest 'detective officers in West Australia. Which would it It was barely seven o'clock when we our rouuded the hut, the hut I had been desired to seek. Lallan's shepherd was' a ticket of leave, who had been several years on the station. His name was Henderson. A man with a somewhat villainous expression, an impediment in his speech, and an unusually powerful frame. Iio was stooping over the tire, engrossed in fryiug a bit of mutton for his breakfast, wheu l entere 1 followed by four troopers. " Hullo he stammered, looking back over his shoulders. " Wlnt's up? Sheep stealing, or blacks? What do you want here?" " I waut you!" I answered promptly, " I arrest you," producing the handcuffs, "for the luhrder of Trooper Martin." He turned ou mo fiercely almost ero I had i ceased speaking, and dashed the frying-pan j in my faco. "Handcuff him,1* I said. "Handcuff me," struggling like a wild beast, "aud for what? Where's your proof?" he stuttered. " I swear I never saw .Martin sinco Christmas. You'll suffer for this—rot for it—swing for it," he screamed, when the bracelets wero locked. " What do yon mean by *sticking up' an innocent man, eh r Just wait till Lallan and your boss hear of it. What do I know of Martin?" he asked, with a string of r.tro and blood-curdling oaths. «• What are ye going on?" he yelled. I was going, reoklessly and trustfully, on j information received from a spirit: and X felt | desperately nervous, as I gave the order for j fcxo troopers to hobble horses anil fetch spades. Meanwhile, 1 measured with shaking rnmds six good yards from the back of the hut, and desired the men to sot to .work on the ground i-hknediaiely. The soil wus loose—a suspicions, and, to mo, encouraging sign—nevertheless the job was by no means an easy one. When tho men had dag down to a depth of five feet, I shook as if with ague, whilst each spadeful was thrown np cn the grass, and as yet there was no sign. Suddenly one of the diggers ehouted, - ■ " By —— there's a body here!" . "And a trooper's boot," added his coin* rade, excitedly, - / They sow made a frenzied spurt, and presently called out with one breathV"It*« Martin!" Then alternately,' "He's' been done for—he is dead—this ten days." Yes. there was no doubt whatever of his* identity. It was the hussing man, and my reputation was eared. Foot Xed Martin, he Uad been treacherously stabbed in the back and buried as he fell. I called to the troopers within docra to bring out the prisoner. At first I believe he straggled violently, but ultimately submitted to be conducted to where he had interred his victim. He stood motionless, and looked down into the grave; then hs raised his eye* and fastened them on me. * Blast you!" he stammered, in a low choked voice, "How did you know? "Who told you?" "Never you mind. who, that's mj • busness." " But not a soul saw it—not oven the dog. I had an ojd grudge against that .hound there." "Mind. I caution you against sayimr any thing that may be uaed against you." I said. •* You had better hold your tongue.-' *' Hold air tongue! And to what good, when HI have to swing for him ? He said so. Yes. that's his revolver; bur I had not the heart to borv it—its a beauty. Bat if I had. my wrists free, and it in ray hand, I'd drill u fear holes in some of youI Listen ' Hart in he come iu to light his pipe, and as he stooped - over the lire I stabbed lmn *-ith a outcher*< knife right under the shoulder blade. It was a mortal vreanu: he only said, * You'll swing for thi-,* and * Morn*-1* Then the blood choked him. u After that he give up the ghost, and I dragged him i.ur by the heels, and buried him as rou sec. You chaps have been round pretty often, and never smoked a case. No human eyes saw—I took good care to leavu no trace. I loosed his mare four miles from 1 here—and bow you know is a miracle. How did you find out r* , I shook my bead. "Maybe he told. Housed to come of a night, and peer in at the window, and the dog would howl awful and hide. Folks as has been cut away has no business to walk." We buried Martin where we had found him, then mounted Henderson on his-mam. and broacht him handcuffed to the head station. We also fetched away the dog. Our party reached,quarters almost simuhaacoasly with the arrival of the chief, and to him I formally inade over my prisoner. The chief was delighted at my success, and overwhelmed me with praise: but although I hare hitherto never divulged the troth, I hero frankly confess that I owe both praise, promotion, and all my subsequent notoriety, to the reliable information which I received from Trooper Martin's ghost. 