Melbourne Sporting Notes. . (From Our Own Correspondent.) We have crowded a lot of racing lato the past week. A' fitting climax was reached-on. Satur day at Caulfield, when the weather could not have been more perfect if specially ordered for the occasion. The Cup, as usual, almost' monopolised attention, the other events not being particularly interesting. " In fact, the Maiden - Plate, which opened the programme, was little better than a farce. Naturally, of the three starters, Lancaster on his ' Eelipse' Stakes form was made a höt 'favorite; .but the' running did not justify Odds on speculation, as had not Maz zatina lost several lengths at the start he would probably have made a much closer finish. Lan caster did not Impress the onlookers by his gal lopping, and will have to do much better to secure a place in the Derby. ' The field for the Oby Hurdles was not numerous, and naturally Re peater, on his recent running, was regarded as the " mosbdikely winner. However, his fall along the back put him out of court, and-was also respon sible for a broken bone near the knee, which will lay him on the shelf for a time. Cintra jumped better than usual, and also .seemed to run more kindly"; but Keera was practically lost by the field. He appears to be, a striking illustration \- of a brilliant'2-year-old growing into a fine-look ing 5-year-old, and. completely losing his pace in the process. Probably the nasty smash in the last Caulfield Cup was responsible for the with drawal of a great number of horses this year who could have little chance of winning, and the sweep "consideration" Influence is evidently not as potent now as in times past. The two last horses ito be struck out were Shell and Rob Roy, leaving twenty-one competitors-quite enough-for any race in my humble judgment. Though the ' . Caulfield- Cup is always a very open event, this one Was particularly so, as, with the exception of > Cocos; lt hardly included a proved high-class, first-rank racehorse, though there were some un doubted-'good ones and several of brilliant pro mise. " Ringmeh often complain of bad business; . but ttiey'cannot expect any other result when they won't'lay anything like fair prices: For the past ? week in a field of over twenty horses there has hardly been an outside, price quoted; and about tome horses who hadn't - a 1000 to 1 chance nothing better than 30 to 1 was obtainable; while -on Saturday there were only a couple (who might as well haye been in \- their stables) about whom 50 to 1 could haye been secured. The ring men are doing their utmost to turn the punting mind towards the "tote." Scorn and Mora for a long time, divided honors In-the betting ring, first one and then" the other having a slight call, but tho mare at barrier rise was a shade better favorite than the colt, one being 9 to 2 and the other 5 to 1. . It is generally understood that Mora runs better when big, but there-ls a difference between being big and hog fat, as she seemed to my eye. The beautiful daughter of old Malua was as gay as a kitten, but nevertheless sweated freely, and, though the touts said she wouldn't blow a candle out after a gallop, I doubt if there waa a horse at the re cent agricultural show who carried as much beef as the favorite did on Saturday,. , It may befall right to run them that way, but I can hardly be- ¡ Heve. it. ..Cocos looked fully entitled to top weight as he stood in the paddock, and I shall bo surprised if he doesn't finish among the first three in the Melbourne Cup; but, though Dewey had the Payten polish on him,.I'm bound to con fess I didn't fancy him. He.may be able to carry weight, but does not impress ono in that . direction at the present time. Ballistite In ap pearance is not an aristocratic gentleman, but there is a useful cut and como again look about him, and he to some extent recalls" old Carbine, particularly about the head. . Scorn looked the real gentlemen amongst the younger generation, but La Carabine is still narrow and rather mean looking, like most of the Carbine mares. There was "nothing to complain of with regard to the other candidates, though I did' not see one with \- the condition of Hymettus lase year, who looked like a superbly polished horse of bronze. The' race on Saturday was a nervous, carefully ridden affair-as compared to that of last year. The memory-of the smash was evidently still with the jockeys. - - There was not that rushing and hust ling for places near Ihe rails which is so charac teristic- . Indeed, as the horses . swept past the stand,-their- order was remarkably open, and Blunderer;-who had a very pronounced lead,-was * running-almost, on the outside;-and consequently losing - a- lot ? of ground. , Down the railway side. and - approaching the homo tumi - Scorn, Mora,' . Dewey, . . Gnullo, and La - . Carabine all appeared to have about--equal chances; but first Mora and then Scorn- crack ed, though the latter had a slight lead into; the straight. - It is said that something bumped La Carabine, and she passed the compli ment to Mora, who was about, brought on her knees, but I'm afraid the Malua mare's, condition reaily failed her, as she has. seldom done more .-.«-. than mile and ti quarter work. Gauleon at one time seemed to have the race in hand, but Dewey , ran as true as steel at the most critical pinch. Balllstit'e's'strength and courage enabled him to work through at the finish, and both La Carabine and'Cocos pleased, by the way they struggled to the end, the maré particularly deserving credit, . considering the nasty bumping'she got at the home v turn; The old battler Snapshot, who has done good'work in the west on-the flat and over fences, . had'an easy task in the Steeplechase, and Mr. W.' R. Wilson's gelding Debenture showed a rare turn of speed by his win in the Gwyn. Nursery. Both Finland and Sport Royal, ?however;-ran up to form, and should be benefited by a few mors sprints. Security's annexation of the Windsor Handicap was full of merit, but Royal Purple, the runner-up, should bo heard of in the not. distant future. Re viver also ran. very well, and he.may get a:place in the Derby.. ... . Mr. T; Payten takes the biggest cheque from the Caulfield meeting. It totals- £2125; /Dewey' being resprnaible for all but £10; co-ntributed by Mazza tina in the Maiden-Plate. Mr.-George Lees secured £1000 for his Debutante Stakes -win, , and Alva, chiefly by his win in the Toorale Handicap, enables .Mr. a. N. M'Arthur to draw £515. Mr. A. Gollan is credited with £450, and Messrs. W. and C. Wil son with £400. Consequent on his Caulfield Cup win, Dewey is now quoted at;'3 to 1 for the V.R.C. Derby. The presence of many intercolonial and country visitors "in.Melbourne accounted for the more than average attendance at Aspendale Park on Tues day, when,: however, only the average programme was provided. Still, there was some fair racing-, anuí punters had no reason to complain, as first or second favorites got home In nearly every event. Pirillie set the harli rolling in the Madden Plate, hilt only returned hackers 6 to 4. Eirids fords was given a trial over the sticks in the Hur dle Race, but he was beaten by English Slave, who started at twos. Daybreak, however, was actual favorite, at half a point shorter, but, though Cur tin had the mount, had to be content with third place. The Trial Handicap provided a very good finish between Habergeon and Spat, the former, who started at 6 to 1, just beating Spot by half a length. The Aspendale Park Handicap brought out a good field, which included April Fool, Voyou, Bacchus, and Alabaculia. Voyou was naturally made first favorite, and at barrier rise nothing better than 2 to 1 was obtainable aboiit the Sydney gent. Much 'to the satisfaction of the books, however, Melba, who started at 12's, ' romped home in front of Buckingham, another outsider, with two lengths to spare. Voyou ran badly, and, though he carried 9st 41b, he should have done better in such company. He has now failed twice as favorite, but perhaps at Fleming ton he will run up to his track form. Old Floater made his re-appearance in the Jumpers' Flat Race, but he was hot fancied, and the smart Come Ashore, who was backed down to 6 to'4, had no difficulty in beating Carlsruhe, who was conced ing nearly a stone. The Welter Handicap waa productive of a capital finish between Bay Rose and Manoa, the former, who was second favorite, just beating Manoa (the favorite) by a head, with, a fine run. ' The ' "off" ' day ' at Caulfield on Wednesday, was, in marked contrast to Saturday from a meteorolo gical point bf view, and nothing more pleasant j could have been desired. The racing, however.' was not particularly "thrilling, and punters had; much difficulty; in picking the peas. As soon.as the betting started on the Moonga Handicap, there; was a rush to get on Platinum, who has been, re-: garded for some time as likely to "do something"? shortly, and he saw 5 to 1 at barrier- rise. Church light and Symmetry were the most fancied, of the others, but Locksmith. Is. such a bad-tempered, erratic sort of brute that the .public wouldn't fol low him, and the stable were, enabled to put a. little bit on at 12's and lu's. The son of Padlock is noted for his wild displays at the post, but he was comparatively quiet on .this occasion, and, finally getting a clear lead down the railway side, won-all the way by a long length f rom Churchlight The Hurdle Race only brought out four runners, and, despite his 12st 51b, Soult was made favorite. However, Messrs. Manifold's horse is evidently not within a stone of his ante-National form, as he could only secure third place, the winner turn ing up in The Sheik, a comparatively new candi date here for jumping honors. . The winner is by that useful ? sire Albury, and though he jumped badly at times, his light weight and pace enabl ed him to wears down Fairlight at the finish. Keera, the ' Maribyrnong Plate winner, had another try over the hurdles in this event, but jumped badly, and, though,he has grown into a fine-looking horse, will have to learn his business a little better before he can have any real show in good company. Mr. W. Bailey apparently has a very promising colt in Hautboy, who should also prove a capital advertisement for the St. Simon horse Haut Brion. Backers made no mistalte in selecting him for the Mona Nursery Handicap, as, though rather fretful at the barrier,, he. galloped kindly enough when the field were sent on their -journey, and had no difficulty in beating Fides over the last furlong-Though Supple Jack was asked to lump the tidy little burden of 13st 71b in" the Australian Hunters' Cup, he was in every body's mouth as a real good thing, and in a race where the rider counts for nearly as much as the horse, punters were mad enough to back him down to 7 to 4. In the running he really never had the ghost of a show, and after Riot had toppled over, Bush Lad, who is a cut above the common, ridden by the successful amateur, Mr. E. Heriot, can tered home a dozen lencths in front of Old Judge and Queen B. Riot, when going well, pitched on his head, and suffered concussion of the brain. As he is believed to be also hurt internally, it is doubtful if he will recover. Of course, the real race of the day was the Eclipse Stakes, for which. Australian Star naturally started an even-money favorite, though the opposition was strong. The only others to receive anything like support were The Chief, Djin Djin, and Lancaster. The Caul field people were ready to take tens about the lat ter, because they would not accept his Guineas running as true, and the way he finished In this race certainly gave the lie to his previous effort. As usual, F. Fielder kept Australian Star well in the rear, but nearly lost the race by his persistent efforts to "get up on the inside. He was dis appointed twice, and but for. Delaney, on Gauleon, giving him an opening, might, have been beaten. The Cóóngey Handicap brought , out a very large field,' but the betting was really.confined to three' or four.' ' Dewey had the call,^ and ,7 to 4 was the best'price obtainable at barrier rise, but a good deal "of money went on Balilstite . at 4's, and Gnullo had a few friends who thought her worthy support at 10's. AI emene*s forward run ning" for the greater 'portion ' of the journey . was "" suggestive of a return to something like'her old form, bill when Balilstite toole charge at the home turñj he was going so strongly that only even money was offered about him: " It was a fine' strugglé" between him. anii Dewey from the distance, and" though the latter, as usual, ran ungenerously, ana'hiing towards Bal Ikat'te, he didn't seem to really touch him,'so that his half-length win would probably have been in- : crenf ed to a length had he run'straight. Macaenas and Gnullo's fight for third honors was a fine one, and the judge couldn't separate them. It-is satisfactory to note that the complimentary race meeting tendered; to Mr-. Hurtle Fisher, on Thursday, at Moonee Valley, was a success. All the- races were named after the famous horses which Mr. Fisher owneS'-in days long gone by, and-which have materially helped-to lay the foun dation-of-many of Australia's greatest studs. It is* hard; to resist the temptation-of referring at length to some of the famous animals with which Mr.-Fisher's name has been, associated, but space limits me to a simple reference to the solid facts afforded by Thursday's racing; - The Lantern Hur dle-Race was only contested -by - three runners, and Jenico left the paddock an odds on favorite. He-fell, however, when winning-comfortably, and Signal (pedigree unknown) had no difficulty m de feating Mignonette. Another Padlock, in Golden Key; . was- credited with winning-honors In the Juliet Trial Handicap, and he beat a fairly re presentative suburban field, including Omrah, who was made a- 6 to 4 favorite. A great-surprise was: in store for punters in connection with, the Fisher-, man- Handicap, for which April Fool started, but rm-virtually unbacked by the stable and public. Marie Corelli was made favorite, but April Fool led- almost from the jump, abd won -:onifortafcly by two lengths from Ashton. A section cf tho public were inclined to "demonstrate" at th!«; re versal of form, but it seem« to have been as much a sui prise to his trainer as to the public. Mr. W. R. Wilson seems to have a tolerably smart two-year-old in Rumor, who is by Eirids pord out of Eleusis, as, starting money on, the St. Albans representativo won the Fenelia Handi cap very comforèab^y from Old Salt by four lengths. Tho veteran Flat Iron man&god; to an nex the Angler Steeplechase, after a fine finish with Lands End, a half-head only separating the pair. L.L.B.D. fell during the race, and was so badly injure! that he had to be destroyed. The well-bred Ascot (Niagara-Fairfield) had no great dlffrculty in appropriating the Sylvia Welter Han dicap, and as he started an even 4 to 1 favorite with Model, the majority of punters had no reason to coiup.'ain at the result of the last race of the d-iy. It is understood that Mr. T. Payten was satis fied to let Dewey run for the stake money on ¡ Saturday, but though his owner did not back him, i the public must have done so very freely.. No doubt they were largely influenced by his win in the Coongy Handicap on the previous Wed nesday. As Hymettus won both that and the Cup last year, many punters lookad for a repe tition of history, and they got it. The colt's hanging in propensities, however, frightened a good many woufd-be " backers. The Abe Bailey, who turns out to be the pur chaser of Chesney, is well known .in South Africa. He was a leading mining speculator at Johannes burg, and had one of the largest and most suc cessful stables there. , Rather a coincidence that Màlua's son should be stranded on the land where his owner had such large racing interests. As was generally anticipated in racing circles, the V.R.C. committee, have appointed Mr. God frey, Watson, to. succeed his father as starter. He has.done the.work.for the past two years as his father's, deputy, so. is quite familiar with it. The steeplechase Timoni who ran such a good second to Dungan's Grand National Steeplechase, was sold last week by Campbell and Company for 45gs. He has recently been hunted by Lord Hindlip, the Governor's alde-rde-camp, and prob ably in hunting and steeplechasing has done as much jumping aa any horse who ever lived, with very few. falls in the record. - The V.R.C. committee last week considered the petitions for the removal of the life disqualifica tion . imposed on S. Allen, the bookmaker, for his connection with the Parthenopaeus case. It was decided not to entertain the application at pre sent. This conveys an implication that they will do so in the future. Veneda has been turned out, as owing to con tinued soreness J. H. Davis found it useless to persevere with him. The Musketeer is still a victim to lameness, and will also bo given a spell. The old cross-country battler, Blue Peter, is also in queer street again, and, it is feared his case is now hopeless.. Probably H. Parker, who rode W.P. in the Caul field Cup, put up the only record anyone connected with that animal is eyer likely to be credited with, the horse was handicapped at-Cst 91b, but Parker, in order to ride him, carried no less than 171b overweight, or 31b more (than Mora's handicap. During the week nothing, showed botter track work ait."' Caulfield than Merry Pilgrim, bult, as in Adelaide, his running on Sat urday .in the . Caulfield Cup was very so-so. He badly beat Dirk Hammerhead in a eleven furlong gallop, and though Dirk's indiffer ent display was attributed to .laziness, and soreness his showing in the Cup on Saturday was no great improvement on his track work. Gauleon, on the other hand, did a nice gallop with Reviver and Alemene finishing in front of the pair, but as he evidently had a light weight up too much import ance was not attached to tfhe performance. His run in the Caulfield Cup, however.- showed that it was worthy much more consideration ' than it received. At Flemington Wai* God pleases by the way he does his work, but Gaulus has noit been bustled. Fleet Admiral has been treated to steady two mile work, and Contrast, Le Var, Ballistite, and Promontory have been indulged with sound tasks. Cranberry continues to puzzle the watch ers, but has certainly not pleased .ithem. He, how ever, struck one of his hocks during the week, and Hickenbotham. consequently eased Urn in his work. ) Voyou and April Fool Shape well on the track, and, despite the latter's win last week, the itouits generally prefer , the flrsit named, who is a beautiful ..galloper, and moves like a stayer. Mr. S. H. Gollan, the New Zealand sport, who has done well in England with his- Australian and Maoriland horses, is anxious . to secure Dewey, for the old land, and the colt is under offer to hini (till Wednesday for £2500. In any case, he will run in (the-Derby and Melbourne Cup, and will remain under Payton's care till he leaves for home. : Mr. Godfrey Watson, who ha© for some time past, been acting fpr his father as starter to the V.R.C., has been appointed to the position rendered vacant through his father's resignation. : Fuimen is the latest scratching for the Mel bourne Cup. Although the V.A.T.C. gave away £7815 in stakes, as against- ¿7515 last year, the profit made this year was about £100 more than the previous year, when £1500 was realised. Satur day's returns were £400 .better than on the day Hymettus won the Cup. .. Mr. F. Heath timed the various stages of the Caulfield Cup on Saturday as follows: First half mile,-51%sec; next quarter, 27sec; next quarter, " 271y£sëc; and the last half-mile, 52%sec. Says the "Special Commissioner" in London "Sporting Life:" I give it as my opinion that many seasons have gone by since such high-class yearlings were on view at Doncaster. The hand somest and best of my life, I am almost inclined to say, was the Bend Or-Sea Ain* colt, the only progeny on whom the '80 Derby winner ever truly stamped himself. The likeness would in deed be matchless save that the youngster has more bone than Ormonde's sire showed. I fain admit to having thought he would have, made a higher price, also to over-estimating the market value of Mr. Snarry's colt by Orme from Musley Maid. Critics, however, were too severe on this youngster's supports. Anyhow, I reckon him the most likely Derby winner sold. The 'best buying out of the Sledmore team ; was the brother to Laodamia, who is thrown to the dam rather than to the sire. But had his dam been à stud suc cess, the daughter of Isinglass and ¡ Clarlbelle would have made a deal. more than the 1550gs at which she went to the master of Egerton-HoUBe.' The .St. Simon-Mimi colt, too, was well bought, and I doubt if Sir Tatton Sykes was ever so well: represented in the Doncaster '. Bale ring as this year, ? 