< hapter XXIV. 19 . COMMUTATION. .it it: ,'vy moment, while we were try 12 l" words betitt\ng the' occasion '".'I1 .M not admit of grief, yet de : . respect due to death, arrived ^ long expected. 1"1-' t inor of the prison, accompanied '. l,U!" ' mi the counsel for the prosecu !IJli' ?">' in the door, foliowed by one of tun. fiaid the Governor, "I come .' '''ii:. i news.'' But he looked so seri ? * in., -.v heart sank. ? Madame," said the lawyer, "shall I'l'-ii-. r,, add a codicil to tnis intelli lv iU'i;. '.'-.in , ] have already this morning l 'er>ough for one day at lea«t. »»»; ''Clemen, ordered to adorn the ''^lun along the Oxford-road?" "Bum l;iame>" the Governor replied, tad I "<n t^e newB were more joyful. 1 tbe 1 kad exPected-considering Uookcd at Jenny. She turned suddenly ' 1 thought sine was going to fust. Consider: she had persuaded herself that a full and immediate pardon would be granted. She had no doubt as to that point. She did not faint; she recovered, and spoke with white lips and a hard, forced voice. "Tell me, quick!" "Madame, His Majesty has graciously commuted tne sentence into transportation to the plantations for the term of five years." Jenny mftde no reply. I groaned aloud. A TOWNSHIP SKETCH : WAITING THE TEAMSTER'S PLEASURE. Transportation! To go out as a servant! To be bought by a planter, and made to work iu the tobacco fields under the lash! This for Jenny! AJ1 the world knew what transportation meant, and what were the mercies served out to convicts. The Governor fighed, and shook his head. The lawyer took up the taJe. "Madame," he said, "believe me, everything has been done that could be done. Had you pleaded not guilty you would most certainly have been acquitted. Madame, 1 know your reasons, and I respect them. You pleaded guiltv. Your reasons were not such as could be laid before the King, unless pri vately. The judge in your case is a lawyer of great enim*ra-e; thp.t to say, he is jealous of the law; lie holds lliat above all things the Jaw must lie feared, lie is called a hanging judge, being a most merciful man; but the lair must be respected. There must not be one Jaw for the rich rogue and another for the poor rogue." "Rich or poor," said Jenny, "I am a rogue for having stolen night'.aps in my garrets, and I am a rogue and vagabond because I am an actress.'' "Nay, Madame; but (he Toast- of the Town, the most lovely " "My loveliness does not stand me in much stead at tins juncture. Tell me again. I am to lie shipped across seas; J am to stay tln-re live years; j am to herd on board with the wretched women outside; J am to work in the fields w;th them and with negroes: J am to be wJiipped by my master; 1 am lo live on sweet potatoes; I am to wear sacking for all my clothes. Gentlemen,"she added, with Hushed cheek, "go, tell the King that, 1 will not accept this mercy." "Nay, Madame," said the lawyer, with persuasive tongue. "You go too fast. Those who have friends can evade the obligations of service; you, who have so many friends, will find that you have nothing to fear beyond the voyage and a short residence in a pleasant ''mate. J''or my own part, dear Madan 4o see you before another year tn-^. -T niicTc^tiv, " the boards of Drury-lane. with all the tow. at your feet. I pine, Madame, 1 languish for the first evening to arrive." "Jenny," I whispered, "for Heaven's sake be careful. Consider; this gentleman can not be deceiving you. If there is, as he .ays, no real obligation to service; and if, as he says, the sentence means only a short residence in a pleasant country- then surely vou must accept. There is, how ever, the voyage. Perhaps, Sir," I ad dressed the lawyer> 'St will be possible for Madame to take the voyage in a private cabin apart from the rest of the-the com pany." "It will certainly bfe possible. She may take state rooms for herself and maid: she will be treated as a gentlewoman. It is only & question of arrangement with the captain. Madame, I assure you, upon my honour, that the sentence means no more than what 1 have stated. It is a brief exile in which you will endure no other in dignity than that of sailing on hoard the ship which carries a lew scores of the wretches going out as slaves-if one may call an Englishman a slave." Jenny wavered. Her cheek was still red with shame and disappointment. Khe wavered. "Jenny," I said, taking her hand. She eat down. "Let it be, then, as you will." "That is bravely resolved," said the Governor. "And now 1 shall have the plea sure of removing you immediately from this close and confined chamber to one more airy ami commodious." ''Gentlemen," said Jenny, still crest fallen, " I thank you both for your good intentions. I should love you better if > ou would put a sword through me, and so end it. Perhaps, however, the ship may go to the bottom. Let us hope so. Jfc must sink. I am sure, so heavy will be the heart of lead on board it." So, with renewed protestations of assist ance and goodwill the lawyer went away with the Governor. In the yard I ob served that; he stopped and looked upon the crowd of women, many of whom he would heln to the gallows. Does such a lawyer, always occupied in getting up and pre paring a case, so as to persuade a jury into ,a verdict of "Guilty, ever feel remorse at- having done so, or repugnance at doing it again? Do the ghosts of those whom he has sent to the other world haunt his bedside at night? One may as well ask if the judge wlio pronounces the sentence feels remorse or pity. He is the mouth of the law; the counsel feeds the mouth; the governor of Newgate is the arm of the law. However, that the counsel for the prosecution should take so much interest in the release of a prisoner is, I should think, without example in the history of Newgate, where thev have never had be fore, and can never have again, a prisoner lovely, so attractive, bo interesting, as ,i. v. After him came another visitor. ]t my Lord Brocken hurst, who brought the nev ye had already heard -but with *a ditlerence. "Madariae," he said, after telling ub wh&t; we had Already heard, "I shall always re gret that I was not the first to let yon know. Indeed, I have flown. The com mutation of the sentience involves a voyage; that cannot be denied: 1>ut there is no ob ligation to service. That will be arranged for you; I can undertake BO much, if neces sary. The voyage is no great matter six weeks if you are fortunate; eight, at most will set you on shore. The countiy is said to be beautiful, the climate is healthy, the Virginians are mostly gentle mem of good family." "I thank you, my Lord, for your kind words." "There is another thing, Madame. I am empowered to assure you that the petition which you drew up for your young pro tegee here has been graciously received by Her Majesty the Queen. She has herself asked for the remission of the capital sen tence. The girl's life will be spared." "This is good news, at least." "On conditions, which you must expect. She will go with you to Virginia for five years. \ ou can take her as your maid, if you please." "With me for five years?" Jenny re peated. "1 know so little of what is ordered " "Briefly, Madame, a prisoner under sen tence oi transportation is engaged as a ser vant, generally on a tobacco plantation, where he works with the negroes. 11 there should happen to be one among them of a superior class he becomes an account ant or even a manager; or if he can com mand influence or money his engagement is merely nominal. Your engagement will he a form which I shall arrange for you. This girl can remain with you. When you come home you can bring her with you." "In five years?" "No-in much less time-in a few months. 1 am permitted on the highest authority to assure you that your banish ment will be but short. As soon as it can with decency be asked for, a full par don will be asked for, and it will be granted. You will then only have to re turn in order to delight your friends once more." "When shall I have to go?" "A ship is now fitting out. She sails in a week or a fortnight. You will sail as a cabin passenger, entrusted to the protec tion of the captain. The-the other-pas 'sengers will be confined between decks, 1 believe." "My lord, I am deeply touched by all your kindness." "Madame, 1 have done little-little in deed. Would it had been more! 1 shall now, with your permission, make arrange ments with the captain of the ship for your entertainment on the voyage and your re ception on reaching the port." "So," said Jenny, "in one day I am de prived of my husband. 1 am a widow who never was a wife. I am deprived of my country-which is London; and of all my friendB." His lordship's face changed. "Your husband, Madame? Is he dead?" "He died last night. Let us not speak of him." "Then you are free!" He glanced at me; I saw his meaning and the purpose in his eyes. "You are free!" I stepped out, leaving them together. In a few minutes he came out with the look of one distracted, and not knowing what he was doing or whither he went. Within the cell Jenny was sitting at the table with red and tearful eyes. "That good and noble friend. Will, would make me Lady Brockenhurst. "Jenny-why not?" "lie would go with me; he would marry me here, and sail with me. No-no-I promised his Bister. What? Because I love a man-the best of men-should 1 give him children who would be ashamed of their mother and origin? Mine would be a pretty history for them to learn, would it not? No, Will, no. Believe me 1 love him too well. Even if he were a meaner man, 1 could never bring my history to smirch the chronicles of a respectable family." She was silent a little. "Will," she said presently, looking up, "all that I foretold has proved true. 1 want no money. I am going out to a strange country. It is not Ireland as I thought. It is Virginia. 1 see it again so plain-so clear-I shall know it when 1 land. But I can see no farther. There will be no return for me to Drury-lane. My vision stops short now that I see you-somewhere-with me I see Alice also. But I cannot see Eng land or London-or the Black Jack or Drury-lane." Then we moved to the more commodious chamber, where I soothed her spirits with a cup of tea, which is better far than wine or cordials for the refreshment of the mind. Presently she began to recover a little from her disappointment. "It will be lonely at first," she said, "without a eingle friend, and 1 suppose that a transported convict-say that for me, Will-it hath a strange sound. It is like a slap in the face-a transported con vict " "Nay, Jenny, do not say it." "1 must. I say that though a trans ported convict must be despised, yet 1 shkll have my girl here with me, and per haps my Lord will prove right, and I may come home again. Yet I do not think so. Will, there is one consolation. At last 1 6hall get clean away from my own people. They used to congregate round the stage door of the theatre to congratulate their old friends on her success. The Orange Girls were never tired of claiming old friendship. I married in order to get away from them, but Matthew never meant to keep bis promise-1 am tired, Will, of my own people. They have made me suffer too much. Henceforth let them go and hang without anv helD from me " "]t is high time, Jenny." "The act ends lamely, perhaps. It may be the last act of the play. The ship leaves the quay. On the deck stands the heroine in white satin, .waving her hand kerchief. The people weep. The bo's'n blows his whistle. The sailors stamp about; the curtain falls. Will, if things are real-what am I to do when 1 get back-if I do get back? Hotv am 1 to live?" "Jenny," I said seriously, "I believe that one so good and so fearless, for whom daily prayers are offered, will be led by no wifl of her own, into some way of peace and happiness." "Think you so, good cousin? There spoke Alice. It is her language. She says that beyond the stars are eyes that can see and hands that can lead. " "Why, Will, for my people, the only hand that loads is the hand of hunger: the only hand that directs is the hand with the whip in it; as for eyes that see"-she shook her head sadly-"I wish there were," she said. "Perhaps there would then be some order in St. Giles's. And there would be some hope for the poor rogues. Oh! Will-the poor helpless, ignorant, miser able rogues of whom I am one-a transported convict a transported convict-how we suffer! how we die! And pass away and are forgot ten! Will . . . Will ... I go with a heavy heart-I go to meet my death. For never more shall I return. Where is the eye that sees? Oh! Will-where is the hand that leads?" ADVICE TO MOTHERS!-Are you broken in vour rest by a sick child suffering with the pain "of cutting teeth f Go at once to a chemist, and get a bottle of Mrs. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP. It will relieve the poor sufferer im mediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by re lieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button.** It soothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, re lieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup is sold by medi cine dealers everywhere at Is. ljd. per bottle. 