? A PROTRACTED TRIP. On the last'trip from Melbourne, to the West Coast "of TaKuinnia tlie F.F. Penguin, the largest of tlic.U.S.S. Co.'s «teamer6 in theBe waters had a somewhat novel experience. So "far, transhipment off tliefiar J had heeh accomplished witliont n hitch, on every occasion the steamer arrived at the Heads, but on Sunday the 19lh inst. the clefk of the weather had apparently uiadc up his wind that she should n't he " taking any." The Penguin left Melbourne with a larfcfi number of passengers on Friday, the 17th inst., shortly after noon, aud of. all fliose on board few probably were sorry to leave a city sporting for the week over lOOdeg. in the shade. The wind was easterly, and a very fine passage lay apparently before the outward bound steamer. Everyone seemed to feel this, and the general as pcct of matters during the following night was calm in every sense of the word. Stanley, alias Circular Head, was reached very early on Saturday morning—in fact so early that most of the passenger's were not aware the ship had made ft Tasmanian port. After n little delay the course was shaped for Burnie, otherwise Emu Bay, where one of the cunning ones shifted camp, ing that he'd sooner rely on the overland route than the good nature of the weather god. Burnie looked its best. The Bay was as smooth as glass, and the townshi) with its number of buildings in course of erection presented quite a go ahead appearance. Everyone of the old residents has land to Bell at a big figure, and the varied smiles playing on the different faces proclaimed their unbounded confidence in the future prosperity of the port a6 well as in the value of the other core's cash if he will only buy their land. Jess Wiseman, burned out some.years ago, is building a new brick hotel facing the Esplanade, and bis brother Tom, of Wiseman's hotel fame, is going iu for aifothe?4H-ick addition to his already extensive hostelry. The Union Company have their office conveniently near the breakwater, and manager Rogers, one time relieving at tlie Stralian office, presides in his usual obliging style. After a stay of some two hours the Penguin turned her nose towards Devonport, alias Foriuby, alias the Mersey, giving en route passengers a good opportunity to view the locality where the new Government railway, Uiverstone to Burnie, is being constructed. About 3 p.m. on Saturday brought the boat off Mersey Heads but the signal up said " Ye cannot enter here." . This meant dodging round and cooling your heels. A quarter of an hour, however, ended the suspense, and the tranquil waten of the beautiful Mersey bore ns up t< the wharves lined with sheds full or agricultural produce. The first to lieave in sight was Captain Murray, the Harbour Master, then Mr Murray, the Union Co.'s manager, and, last not least, the rotund aud girtbless form "f P.O.H. Two hours were granted for sight-seeing,^and everyone made a bee line for whatever interested liiui or her most. :While in port the wind commenced to shift quarters, and before the third whistle sounded it rattled away from the north- west. There was not much to see at Dernnporl. The township is progressing well and everything bears a healthy aspect, hut despite this one misses the bustle jjf a raining place with one half tlie population. Farmers and their frijnds ain't on for hurry. The •dnly thirigss that appeared to me on the qui vire were the newspaper oflices. The McCall-Aikenhead election campaign finished up with the production of a sccond paper named the North-Western Advocate, and as may reasonably be expected, the old established news-sheet the North- West Post and the intruder are hard at it. So far no blood has been shed, and the contesting two political factions haven't given any orders for quick-firing guns, but all the same there is a suiell of war in the air. Editor Fisher, the man who is said to stand ;Ji) hours work a day for a fortnight without knocking up, is in fine fettle according to latest advices, and presumably the other side are also training their man Sulphuric copy should be sure of a market at Devonport between this and the next general elections. About 5 p.ui. the Penguin got under steam again on her way to the Slrahau Heads. The wind in the meantime had not been idle, and little white feather crests were showing seawards. Once out side the heads our temporary home commenced that graceful down I'or'rd up aft and vice rersa, maybe reminding the good sailor of a sce- snw, while to the mal-de-mer it sounded the signal "clear for action !" Up to the Hunters, however, things went on fairly well, but one passenger after the other disappeared under the pretence of "cool night air.'" And after all they did well. Owing to the absence of a lighthouse, the Penguin —it being night time—had to shape her course round the islands and, needless to add, the full force of the north-wester was encountered. Roiling aud pitching became somewhat uncomfortable, particularly so as portmanteaux, bags, crockery, etc., were flying about in the cabins in a most distressing manner. Only a few navvies, with copperbottomed stomachs, seemed tn be utterlyindifferent to the battle with the ele meuts. They held possession of the main hatch playing cards already in the early hours, while one of them contribu ted choice selections on a mouth organ A solitary specimen of the canine-family, tied up for'rd, at times held forth, and altogether, between the choice language, mouth organ, dog, sounds of mal-de-mer and general hubbub attendant upon a vessel laboring in heavy weather, the writer had a first-rate time of it. While lying in the bunk one thinks of many things, and stray thoughts of trips made in the Koouya, Bellinger, and other small boats naturally pass through one's mind. What comfort, what smells in those ships! The Penguin, although not as big as a mail boat, is a very great improvement as tlie other vessels trading to this Coast. Her cabin WIRF-UJLFIMdsih'11 >1 I i. E.II-HI, J .1 I'.CI',-- on tap gratis for every one who «ares to ask Tor it. ]n hot weather this is a great-comfort, and a little piece putanto a glass and held on the forehead worlts wonders with people suffering from sea sickness. Kindly, chief steward Turner is untiring in "his attention, and wliat struck me as . particularly acceptable, comes round to all cabins several times, during the day to see in propria persona whether sea sick passengers have all they want. The captain too takes an active share in looking to the comforts of those on board, but this goes without saying. The name of Harry Morrisby. one of the old T. S. N. Co.'s'men. needs no creaking up. No more careful and kinder skipper traded to these ports. But the Penguin is close to Macqnarie Heads now, rolling and pitching seems to increase as the engines are slowed down, and ghost-like faces of the mal-de-nier-stricken passengers bob up here and there on deck. Being myself not of the soundest ' I tumbled everything iu the sliape of luggage in a big rug, slipped my clo'over my pyjamas, socks into my pockets, and, clad in the scantiest of attires, rushed on deck—only to find out that there, wasn't an earthly chance o[ getting iu. The waves were running as high as a house, and yonder over the rocks near the lighthouse the spray ivas shooting heavenwards like big water-spouts. The bunk being the best under the circumstances, I wasn't long in getting into it. The following night wa6 very lough, and great relief was experienced when the ship berthed alongside one of the Hobart wharves about noon on Monday. She sailed again at 5 p.m.. and, although her passenger accommodation was taxed to the utmost, no one was apparently inconvenienced. The weather had ealjjierl down iu the meantime, and when the Heads were reached again on Tuesday morning, about 11, no trouble was experienced in .transhipping passengers. There being a good bit of cargo, the Moonali had her work cut out to take everything along at one go. However, after a delay of some two bonis, we swung off the side of the Penguin and made for the port. The weather was all that could be desired, and the writer dared to say everyone felt the truth of the old adage, " All is well that ends well." • v • •' i» BY THE 8.8. PENGUIN FLVFJITTN « 