\- S0HRENT TOPICS. Mr. Justice Owen, -in No. 2 Jury Court yesterday, spoke a few words as to a possible amendment of the law to which our legisla tors' may well give heed. The remarks arose out of a case which the Judge declared he could have himself decided In a few minutes, hiif1. n«. pprtnln Inw nnintc wuro liivnlverl. the jury could but record a formal verdict leaving the case to be decided by 'the Full Court next term., The trial by Jury was, ,ln fact, witb'iiit practical result,' as decision \ could only be arrived at. by an appeal to the. Full Court; But had It been possible for llie parties -to have :agreed to submit theli ' case. to the Judge, and had it also been com petent for the Judge, to sit as sole and .fin'al arbitrator between them, the, matter could have been ended there and'then, and probably with; fully as much satisfaction as wit, be arrived at through; the Full. Court appeal. The ability of parties' to remit -a case In : this way,, and the competency of .the Judge to so hear and decide It, can only be established by Act of Parliament, and 'Parliament could not do better than -make an opportunity to pass such an Act, with the least possible da- lay. - ;; : V". ' " 'At tlie Metropolitan Quarter Sessions yes terday bis Honor Judge Backhouse was obliged to Impress on a wltnesB the Import ance of raising Ills voice, so- that the eouft. might hear his evidence. These lapses into Whispered proceedings are becoming common. In our courts of late. It Is of the utmost Im portance that all concerned' should .hear every word of the evidence, yet how often do ' we see the twelve good men and true com pelled to crane their necks forward in an at titude of pained suspense In order to catoli the words upon which the liberty of .the .-pri soner In : the dctek depends. The Judge . Is within a few yards of the witness ..and .when he Is obliged to complain, how much more are' the members of the Jury, the prisoner, and his advocate, who are much farther away, justified In requiring that the proceed ings shall bo conducted in something above a conversational tone.' And it woul<1 be as well' If sometimes the' Crown Prosecutor took the full breadth of the court, .Including the press box, into his confidence when operilng the case. . ' The Jingo. and the r-eaoe-atrany-prlce per-' son may alike studi) the - American Cv\bari butcher's bill with ' profit. That crlmjlon- Ilned account once again reveals the trite trict that it Is not so much the death- dealing ar tillery, the flashing sword, or gleaming bajy- iict, which wipes out the soldier person, whipi he goes Into active business, as disease. To the Jingo there Is', no doubt, a certain amount of glamour about loath by bullets, sword, or. lance— the death of the other fellow! But \- small romance can be extracted - from con templation of the hundreds or thousands that die, in every campaign, of eminence, from dysentery, " cholera, fever, . or gangrened wounds. To die to .the blare. of trumpets, the .waving of banners, the hoarse cheers ot brave men meeting .with clash of arms— these tire beatuifui deaths, to those who like dying for dying's sake. But to slowly rot away In hospital, to die of filth, or fever, or festering wounds,. U- neither poetical nor pretty. The Americans lost; 329 men, killed In action, In Cuba; 125 died from, their wounds; and 5277 from dry rot and other diseases!, The annual meeilng 'of the industrial. Blind Institution .(Sir Alfred Stephen's pet philanthropic child) served last night to. bring out a few new ideas. The Institu tion has educated! and : now, maintains, 48 blind persons. But it Is made out by the statistics that there are 800 helpless blind people In the colony. And, said Mr. Bar ton. "I regard the proposal to visit and teact them in their own homes as the must progres sive feature of the report:" That remark is undoubtedly true as timely. Desirable as it. may be "to increase the accommodation and appliances of the Institution, it Is ot in finitely more Importance to make use of the Institution as a radiating centre of Instruc tion for the helpleBS blind of the colony. If the cotnmittee persevere In. this r,ew depar ture they will not, find themselves lackllig either In - State grants .. or private : do nation's.". .' Balmaln had the Premier all to herself yes terday, : over the ; Elliott -Brothers' festival, but did not get much out. of him, beyond glib compliment and general . expressions of willingness- to do all that might be pos sible. And the occasion was very good. For Elliott Brothers keep on extending their mar vellous business, indepeiident of any policy that may temporarily obtain in the land, and anything that brlngs'Balmaln to the front Is always good, .for we look to that fast-beat ing heart, of the metropolis .to furnish us through all time with the best elements of an intelligent and , hard-working democracy. The- artificers In all metals, the men who throughout the world's, history follow the notable lead of Tubal Cain, are permanently established there, and; when we come- to regard and cherish them, according to their deserts, they will make us there a city within , a city, of which the continent will be proud. It seems Certain at last that Laver will he thirteenth mairof the Australian team, 'and that In the event of a fourteenth man being required another batsman — probably Trum- per — will be selected. Mention was madg of M'Klbbln as a certainty, in case the team saw fit to. take a "tricky" bowler. But the selec tors appear to have satisfied themselves that the bowling strength of the .team is adequate as at present constituted. Hence, there are no prospects of M'Klbbiu being asked to join the team. The selection of. Laver Is the' result . of his consistent form throughout the test matches; and there is no doubt that ho will be au appreciable addition to the battins strength of the Eleven.. Trumper's claims are only next to Laver's, taking his form from the test matches. " . The electric light bicycle tournament, which winds up on the Sydney Cricket Ground to- nlght, hris been broadly useful in the. evidence it has furnished bf the success which may be bxpebted for well-organised and conducted outdoor evening, sports, The weather hris not throughout the series been too favourable, and certainly the heat haB not been, so severe as to drive people to seek recreation and re- -freshment outsidb. And yet the attendances- have been large and thoroughly represeritu-. tlve, and the programmes carried . through without: a liltch. To-night wiil witnesB tlie final conteBt for. the championship of Austra- -11a. and will fittingly close a series which ;we piay-.liope will shortly , be followed' by- en- tertalnments -of other sorts,, and under 'equally .'happy auspices. The 'visit- of Mr. Cecil Rhodes to the Ger man Emperor, It- may be explained, Is not- exactly - to obtain German capital towards the construction of ' the trans-African rail way. The object of the interview Is to se cure the assent of. Germany to the laying of the line through the 'strip. of German terrl- 'tory adjoining- Lake Tanganyika, which bars .the .red, or nil -British, route from Cairo to Ca'pet'itrn. The German concession will re trieve the principal obstacle In tlie path of Mr. Rhodes' ambitious scheme, und clear the way for the almost complete control of East ern- Africa by Great Britain. -Let' us hope the Kaiser's hospitality will be supplemented by substantial' concessions. , Seventeen years <pt age, married four months, left her husband two months after wards; a dose of poison, with intent to com mit suicide! Such, In brief, Is the life history of a young girl' taken to Prince Alfred Hos pital last night. Such, with slight variations. Is the life. history of- hundreds of girls in tills, province, who dally demonstrate the truth of the old saw, "Marry In haste, repent at lei- sure."; Who Is .responsible, for these .worse I than Idiotic early; marriages? Sometimes the mail, sometimes the' girl, more frequently stupid parents, with no appreciation of their . responsibilities, and lastly, hot l'eastly, the law;whlch offers such facilities for the mar riages of babies and— their divorce! As a broad rule, -no - girl of 17 Is fit for marriage and'mnternlty. ' Scores of young, girls marry ."for a .lark;" experience only teaches them how little real fun there Is about tlie ar rangement. "Oh! here's a place where they marry you; let's go in. and get married!" ; That, about describes the preparation, In too many, cases, for a holy sacrament. If any are .deserving of punishment it 1b those who il legally marry babes and sucklings. No- pun- , ishment can -be too severe for them. The . ".Spectator": says that Great. Britain should be allowed,, when China is carved by the Pciwers; Thibet and the Yang-tse-IClang- Volley. Why, certainly. Great Britain never was greedy at table; -a leg; a liver- wing, and a bit of the ; breast,. With plenty of stuffing, and maybe the "pope's nose," always did satisfy .her. It is neither Great; Britain's : nor the "Spectator's" fault that theYang-tse- V-alley happens to Include the. fattest, finest, cities in all- far Cathay; Things have fallen out that way. And Thibet,- after a Llama or two have been boiled to educate the others, is by. no means a- bad, though not . very ac curately surveyed, country. . Anyway, it Is pile" of those places that at present has no exaggerated admiration for - John'- Bull, and must, therefore, be taught better. The mercantile marine keeps bow to bow with tlie Admiralty: progress, although the pace is hot and the style of It. costly beyond anythliig.reebrdcd Inhuman annals, ,, Jpst as a matter of coufse,' ;aii'd withoij einjng it necessary to render any 'ripeelal - reason, the P. and O. Company asks "for another million:, and when'; the agent here, Mr. Trelawney, Is asked; as to what it may. mean,, he replies laconically; more ships, : Auother mailer or two, and a cargo-boat, to pick up six or. seven thousand tons anywhere; about the world, these will easily use up the million, and as all experience-goes to show, wlli earn interest , on It In the old and sure and well-eBtabllsheil style. Four new ships are now on the stocks for the P. and O. Company, the Arcadia, the Persia, the Assay'e, and the Sobraon, each ot 8000 tons burthen, and each calculated to still further lower the record 'of passage between Australia and Europe. For Australia, It Is to be noteel now, Is always the first considera tion with this company, .which, in old days, sent an odd ship down our way by way of 'pompllinent and convenience. 1 Poor General Gomez, who honestly, endea voured to lead .the' Cubans to victory and didn't, has fallen between three or mora stools— the. displeasure .of his countrymen nnd the contradictions 'of the -local senior and Junior Government organs! The former jour nal declares that Gpmez has been removed from the commandantshlp of the Cuban foices "owing to his refusal -to accept 3,000,000 dcllars from tlie United States as pnyment for disarming;" while the latter shows he has been , removed, not for refusing to accept 3,Q00,0U0 dollars, but foV not grabbing 60,000,000, which lie was never asked to accept. We ,£ear the senior organ, which, as all know, has the best intentions in the world; has mixed mat ters. No Cuban could possibly refuse, to ac cept dollars, and no Cuban wouid be satisfied with three million dollars If he could see his way to -steal sixty millions. Sir Julius Vogel, once -a name, to conjure with in Maorlland, Is dead. Peace to his ashes! . -He has long been a spent volcano, but was (it one time a power. He was the great booriister and. bbrrower- of ;New- Zealand; his financial pojlqy, as Colonial Treasurer of that colony,- was ever.- magnificent, and might b« briefly stated as- "'Borrow, BoVrow More, Keep on Borrowing!" It is even to this day a moot point whether he did the Britain of the Soulli good or harm; certain it Is the Maorllanders had to endure;' -under the regime of poor Sir Harry Atkinson, many banyan days in order to pay the interest on Vogel's loans. YVhen Vogel and Stout hitched political teams and Jointly ran a Government of sorts both men managed to lose their "mana." Vogel, a really clever man and Hebrew", has outlived his reputation. ; The French "Jourhallst " who proposed that H.M. Queen Victoria should be irisuited by the people of Nice, When she; arrived on her usual annual visit, must feel rather sick and attenuated as -to the head. Her Majesty, the Princess' Bimtaco, and the' Duchess of YOrk, while in France, eh route, to Nice, re ceived everywhere that coi'dlarjihd respectful attention we should expect frcfrn a nation of gallant men. It . Is not so mueli the fault as the misfortune' q'f ijrance that ihsulters of women— insulters" by deputy, be' It re marked—like the editor of "Le Libre Parole," call themselves ' Frenchmen. But It is a melancholy sign, nevertheless, of French de cadence that- this sort of person: ls: not crush ed by the vigorous hoel-of the people. It 1» satisfactory to find, that Parisian gutter journalism has so little influence In the pro vinces that at Nice Itself— Nice, which was advised to be brutal to ladles— Queen Vic toria was received with enthusiasm by the people, and with beautiful flowers. Mrs. ICeeley'B death rehioves the bright thread which -ran through - tlie English theatre_ seasons hack almost tb the first year oii the century. At nineteen tlie clever Miss Goward appeared a the Lyceum, as Roslna, In the opera of that name. After that not a,fajnous" name anfl not a. famous theatre, .without her graciotis, sunny presence, nor an author or manager without her attractive -gifts. ' BuckBtoiie, Charles Matthews, Mac- ready, the ICeans, Charles Dickens, and Albert Smith; .dhakespeare, and the "Forty Thieves;" varieties and the melodrama— and, In, Uaiaedo3cbyIc . fashion, the generations passed; away, each claiming the Inheritance of respect to the - mother- of the stage, and passing It, on in Its. turn. Nearly four years ago a famous benefit,; with "Romeo and Juilet" oii the': boards, and all the world on the stage, honoured her 90th year. And now, at 93, the cheerful old lady has gone to her rest. I-Ionour : o her memory. It is really -inexplicable how 'Mr. Reld came to enjoy the reputation of being a humourist. He, at any rate, can do rand sriy the most wildly humorous thingB without evincing the slightest sign that he detects anything funny ab'out tliem. This, of course, may be one of the earmarks of a true humourist, but it shows marvellous power of self-control. For Instance, he yesterday declared, without the ghost of a smile, or the fn, latest indication that he perceived anything farcical or funny In the remark, that it was time something was done for the unemployed; the matter had been too long neglected. This— coming from the politician who yenrs ago made that solemn declaration' touching lils intention to ' absolutely nboilsli the unemployed question, if he had but 24 hours' command of the Trea sury, and from one who lias repeatedly as serted there Is no unemployed question wor thy of the name— is simply delicious. Mr. Reld's days appear to resemble the geological epochs termed days In Genesis 1 and 2. 