A PECKSNIFFIAN PRESS. A SERIES OF OPEN LETTERS To ths Patriotic Proprietors OF THE SYDNEY DAILY NEWSPAPERS. xo. II. 'THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD.' GiiMLEMEN, — Yoa have the good' luck to be the heirs and successors of your maker, John Fairfax, tho builder up, if not the actual founder of the ' Sydney Morning Herald,' tho fruits of whose ability, energy and integrity you now reap and enjoy. Had there been no John Fairfax there would be no ' Syd ney Morning Herald' as we have it to-day ; and you yourselves — had you survived the privations of a penurious poverty from which your progenitor's enterprise has saved you — would pro bably be grubbing for type in TRUTH office or turning the crank of some country printing press. Had this been your lot — had you been destined to taste and enjoy those 'joys of poverty,' for preaching which you used to puff and praise Parson Jeffreys of Pitt-street — you would of course have been the losers, but the world would have lost nothing worth lamenting. * * * This is not intended to convey the idea that you are noodles or numbskulls — not at all. You are too shrewd, or j shall I say sly, to come under that category. It requires a certain amount j of ability to control a machine which one does not really understand. The capacity . to successfully administer an estate which the administrators could never have acquired by their own abilities, though not greatly to be admired, is not to be despised. It is precisely that sort of capacity best described as Masterly Mediocrity, and for which the successors of the late John Fairfax have made themselves equivocally famous. It is a dubious kind of fame to be suro ; ?but ' 'tis something mid the dearth of fame,' to be able to say, ' We inherited \realth, and have not been such damned fools as to lose it' — as, indeed, much abler mediocrities might have done. And when to this Mediocrity and Money is added Religion, Respect ability and Royalism, recognised and rewarded by a Title, what the devil more could Mediocrity ask for or desire in this land of Old-Lag Loyalist Lickspittles ? Little or nothing. » * * 1 am aware that ihe knighthood con ferred upon 'Mister James,' the stodgy, stolid, solemn, sleek little senior of your proprietary, is regarded by him. and yourselves, by romantic servant-gals and the mentally-masturbated mob of erotic counter-jumpers who fore gather at the Y.M.C.A.., as a signal mark of Royal favor to a great and good man. I, with the very few others in the world who have heard or read anything at all about ' Mister James, 'even now ask ourselves : Why did Widow Wettin do it ? She has heard of John Norton and Sydney Truth ; it is doubtful whether she is even aware of the existence of ' Mister James ' and the ' Sydney Morning Herald.' Yet here is that somewhat owlish but thoroughly loyal little man parading before us in all tht parapher nalia of the tinsel title and geegaw insignia of the Order of St. Michael and St. George, while I am prosecuted, puc in the felon's dock, and tried for my liberty on a charge of seditious libel ! This is the reward of patriotism in New South Wales. Simply because I had the candour to tell the people of this loyal, old-lag colony, during the late damnable Jubilee delirium, that the Queen was as good as any good washer woman, and no better ; that her pro genitors, -the Four Georges, and William IV. were rogues and fools or , worse ; and that her eldest son and successor, ' Tummy ' of Wales, is, or was, a worthless. lecher and loafer, I'm to be prosecuted for sedition by such models of private purity and public integrity as 'Japanese' Jack -Want, 'Cocky' Carruthers, and 'Rumpty' Reid. On the other hand, ''Mister James,' of the 'Sydney Morning Herald ' (who puffs and booms these three great and good men and model statesmen, who in turn' crawl and cringe to ' Mister James '), is made a knight. Whafor? ? ? * - Well, the simple explanation of it all is -that ' Mister James ' is wealthy ; the ' Sydney Morning Herald ' is, was, /or would be, if it could, influential ; and best of all, is the premier organ of the Pecksniffian press, and the recognised exponent of the peculiar notions of Mrs. Grundy, who, since her settlement in New South Wales, has gone from bad' to 'worse until she has at last come to be derided and despised as the degraded, despicable old social ' wop. ' of the very worst kind that ehe really is. Never theless, here as elsewhere, throughout Anglo-Saxon communities where hypo crisy covers a multitude of sins, the influence of Mrs. Grundy, though not now so great as' heretofore in Sydney, is, nevertheless, still a very considerable one. Unfortunately, it is a most per nicious one, because though ostensibly hold and exercised for the common weal, it is really used by parsons, poli ticians and newspaper proprietors to protect swindlers and promote frauds political, social, and religious. The ' Sydney Morning Herald ' is the mouthpiece of Mother Grundy ; and under the name of ' Granny of Hunter street' is the recognisod aud accepted press apologist for every political hum bug, 'society' scalawag, and re ligious hypocrite in the community. ' Granny ' is the patron saint of those ' nasty- naice ' peoplo wbo sprung from convictism, call themselves ' society' ; and who, while pretending to ignore their convict origin, practice, under the press patronage and protection of 'Granny,' all the crimes and vices of their felon forefathers. The Mother Grundy functions of ' Granny ' originated in the desire of a convict brood to pose as of gentle birth. Edgar Quinet, in his impeachment of the criminal excesses of the French Revolution, declares that it is impossible for a People to entirely ignore or break with its past : to attempt either is only to perpetuate what is bad, and to sacri fice what is good at tiie imminent peril of Anarchy, from which there is no re demption but through despotism. Yet this is precisely what ' Granny' for the greater part of fifty years has been preaching in the interests of a convict clique for purposes of personal profit. The result is seen in the present cor ruption of public life, tho rottenness of our social' system, and the all but absolute absence of rectitude in com mercj aud trade. Public spirit is dead; patriotism never existed ; family life, parental Responsibility and fiiial duty, are practically unknown. Religion itself has become the debauched hand maid of political partisanship and plunder, priest- and parson too often being nothing better than pulpit pimps of anarchical-atheistical factions. This is all the direct outcome of the attempt to ignore the corrupt convictism in which the Colony was cradled ; this is precisely what might have been pre dicted from the pusillanimous betrayal of the public interests into the hands of a parvenu criminal clique by a cowardly and corrupt ' commercial" press, Even as sow's ears don't make silk purses, nor thorns yield grapes, nor thistles figs, so cannot convict corruption aSord the solid foundations of a healthy and per manent society. With the advent of Constitutional Government, Convictism should have been confronted and con founded and condemned to die out in the opprobrious oblivion prescribed by the combined ban of Morality and Humanity. * * # Instead of that, convictism was allowed to seize control of the machine of Constitutional Government, having previously grabbed the best of the People's Heritage — the Land — and entrenched itself in all the principal positions of political patronage and promotion. The Old Lags .or the Chain Gang, and their immediate descendants, became, as by a freak of outrageous fortune, the taskmasters and taxers of their former keepers. It was tho triumph of the slave, without a servile war ; tho bondsman became ' boss ' without striking a blow or shedding one drop of his degenerate blood. He and his triumphed through the apathy of free men — the roles were reversed, and the freemen became the slaves. How this triumph has been used to avenge the brutal, black horrors of the old regime, the history of the iast 40 years most eloquently tells ; for is it not recorded in the Gospel according to Mrs. Grundy — the ' Sydney Morning Herald ' ?' Granny's ' records for the I last 50 years show that for the greater portion of that period she has played the part of the felon's flunkey, and while not actually allying herself to all that was base, ignoble; and immoral, she has pawned her journalistic soul ior purposes of pecuniary profit. Though not openly espousing the cause of the Convict, she has suppressed, distorted and lied in the interests of the convict clique whose press parasite and protege she became so soon as she saw that it squared with her commercial conceptions of patriotic journalism /and the corrupt canons of Mrs. Grundy. This she stands convicted of in the columns of the ' Sydney Morning Herald.' * * * Gentlemen : I am not oblivious of the great public-spiritcd part played by your paper under the direction of it« founder, John Fairfax, in putting an end to Convict Transportation and the establishment of Constitutional Govern ment. It does me honor to avow that I regard John Fairfax as one of our greatest public men, to whom a public monument should bo raised. To mo tho absence of such a monument in one of our principal public places is proof positive that the People are politically cross-eyed and morally blind. We ob struct and disfigure our public places and bnildings with inane images and brazen dummies of Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen, 'Albert the Good I' his worthy son Albert Edward, of Mordaunt- divorce - Piccadilly Limp and Tranby-Croft fame ; we sat up a big brazen monument of our everlastingly disgraceful origin in the shape of the effigy of Phillip, oar First Convict Jailer, vhilo the 'bones of your father, who did so much to overthrow the cursed regime of convictismi lie mouldering in an unrecognised and unhonored grave ^o far aB tho public, whom he served so well, .are concerned. Could any stronger proof of tho existence of the Convict Curse be wanted than this : a colossal statue to Phillip the foundor, of convictism on this Con tinent no monument to John Fair fax, the man who, after Wentworth, perhaps, did more than any other to free ns from the Convict Ban. You are -mainly responsible for this uonvict cankfred state of the public mind, as I have already endeavored to prove, and as I will prove, before I finish. * * ? I am about to show by n few plain facts' that the ' Sydney Horning Herald ' is no more the organ of popular public opinion that its founder designed it to bs, than Truth is the organ of the crimps aud blacklegs of our public life, who find encourage ment, condonation and protection in tha columns of the ' Herald.' First and foremost men of money, of social or political iufluem:e may say and do unreprovoid by ' Granny ' that which she will expose and denounce ou tho part of the poor and weak. Parkes, tho premier swindler and champion adulterer o£ our public life was puffed and boomed by ' Granny' so long as it paid. When Parkes became old, decrepit and inane, sho ratted to R ;id ; when R'ji d was wavering she ratted to Barton; and no* she has ratted from Barton back to Eeid — whom she knows to bii as corrupt as Parkes and quite as moral, as I'm prepared to prove to-morrow in a Court of Law, and will not fail to prove in these columns at the proper time — provided, of course, that 'Society' does't get me Mca.jlierc.d again, or coucoct another conspiracy to- jail mo on a bogus charge of criminal libel, as iu the case of the coucupiscent ' Cocky ' Carruthers. Not only Parkes, but the Ezskiel Bakers, the Abigails, the John Daviesis, the ' Ginger ' Clarkes, et hoc genus omne, have been puffed and boomed by ' Granny ' as her peculiar political pots. All the dirty political swindlers who have disgraced our public life and Parliament, and thence gouo to gaol, would never have been able to deceive and rob the public but for the countenance aud supportaccorded to them by ''Granny ' in accordauco with the maxims of her conscientious (of course) commercial policy. That's enough to make old John Fairfax turn iu his grave ; but worse has to be told. ? « ? You, the proprietors of the ' Sydney Morning Herald,' while prating about public morals and social purity, are the most active and powerful aiders aud abettors of every kind of public immorality and private impurity. While filling your columns with your own lugubrious lucubrations, about religion and morals, and prating by the yard concerning concupiscence and the gambling spirit, you dissemi nate broadcast the advertisements of notorious quacks and medical frauds, of abortionists, masseurs, palmists and futurists. You have been invited to co-operate with tho other newspapers in a movement for putting down this body and soul-destroying adver tisement nuisance, but have flatly refused. Sido by sido with these filthy, disgusting crime-promotiug advertise ments are long and painful reports of the dreary doings of ' Mister James' at the Young Men's Christian Asso ciation; of the Women's Christian Temperance Union ; the Childrens' Ministering League ; the Social Purity Society ; the Boys' Brigade ; tha Blue Ribbon Gospel and Salvation Armies, and of a score or two other equally good and holy organisations. Every political parson and pulpiteering strife-monger can be sure of report and support from ' Granny' ; -the parsons, no matter how prurient and perverse, being as safe from exposure and denunciation by ' Granny' as tho corruptist of politicians. These wretches have to be exposed and suppressed by tbe ' Bulletin ' aud TRUTH, ' Granny ' could not do it consistently with her commercial canons. . « « o You are forever prating about the awfulness of gambling and do more to promote it than any other organistion. ' Granny' draws thousands a yoar from sporting advertisements, and reports horse-racing more fully than any other paper. She hears and knows of turf frauds and racing swindles, but never touches them when the offender is rich and influential. She never re ports or comments on ' Gnnbearer' cases. Sam. Hordern is one of ' Granny's' most profitable advertis ing customers. She is opposed to ths ' Continental Sunday' — whatever that may mean — aud objects to the open ing of hotels, theatres and concert balls on Sundays, yet she reaps a large revenue from the advertisements of Sunday amusements. While preach ing ' Remember to keep holy the Sabbath day,' Granny-breaks it her self every Sunday. Monday's paper is set up on Sunday, between 6 o'clock and midnight ; and though she keeps her advertisement shop closed during the Sunday evening services, she re opens at 9 o'clock, and will, if clients arc in a harry and can't wait, accept their advertisements and money at the back door. Her editors, leader- writers and reporters aro kept hard at work on Sunday; in fact, Monday's paper, iu which she preaches so piously about the sacredness of Sunday is an un answerable indictment of her own sacrilegious humbug and hypocrisy. Christ declared ' Ye cannot serve God and Mammon.' Granny replies, ' Gammon; I serve both and make it pay.' ? * * All the pions frauds and parsonical shams are Granny's ' peculiar people.' They are nearly as fully reported by her as a horse race, cricket or football match or cock- fight. Hence it is. that religion has lost its influence and been degraded by ' Granny ' to tho level of a. game that pays. For a long time she stirred up Sectarianism because it paid, her very well to do so; it no longer pays her so well, so she does not do it so much ; when it ceases to pay she won't do it. all but do vote her present 'religious' space to sport, to pugilism, perhaps, or cookfighting. 'Granny', is not without gumption, with all her gammon. There was a time when she, figuratively speaking, waded across the Boyne ' up to heri knees in Irish blood, up to her neck in slaughter,' in her holy horror of Fenianism. induced by tho Kiama Ghost, When Parkes was tramming his bogus Fenian conspiracy und plotting tho judicial murder . tho drunken madman O'Farrell, 'Granny' was up and about flourishing her gamp most furiously She assisted Parkes to entrap the demented dipso maniac into incriminatingconfessions, by lending him Sam Cook, her present business-manager, annual waizegoose president, and Jenolan Cavo historian, who sat hidden behind O'Farrell's cell door taking down in shorthand what ever the crafty Parkes was able to trap ths prisoner into saying. Yes, 'Granny' has gumption, with all her gammon — in this case the gammon of the sneak, the spy and cowardly assassin. ? « Gentlemen : ' Granny's ' consis tency under your regime is on a par with her ' piety and patriotism. For bo elderly a person she is a most expert rail-rider, jumping on and off to either side with remark able agility. It is a great pity, how ever, that she does not practice what she preaches. Constantly prating about the rights of Labor and the duties of Capital she has, shame to say, become oue of the most disgrace ful sweaters of Labor under the Southern Cross. I am bound to admit that this sweating system is of but recent innovation, and that it is due to that distinguished Knight and Great and Good Christian Gentleman ' Mister James.' Compositors, some of them old and grateful servants of the late John Fairfax say ' the 'Sydney Morning Herald ' offico has become ono of the worst sweating dens in Sydney.' Here's how it came about. Ever since Sir James, God bless him, got rid of his brother Edward, and put Sam Cook, the Parkesian Fenian Phenographer in power, everybody from top to bottom, bar Sam, of course, have had their little wages reduced. The Linotype sotting machines have dispensed with the services of a score or more of com positors ; about forty girls have taken their places to do the distributing. How good and gracious of 'Granny' to give grey-haired old servants of the firm the precious privilege of being ousted from employment by their daughters. What would old John Fairfax have said to this ? But wait a bit. Under the combined control of the Christian knight, 'Mister James' and Sam Cook, only young men are al lowed to learn the Linotype machines, and even the wages of these won't make them ' jolly and fat ' — not nearly so fat or half so jolly as Sam Cook or his chief boss, Sir 'Mister James.' Then, too, the unemployed compositors, who are kept from star vation by a few crumbs falling from the rich man's table, in the shape of casual employment, are privi leged to hang about ' as long as they damned well like,' on the off chance of getting a job. They I may get a few hours' work or they mayn't. If they don't, so much the worse for them. Anyhow, they get no allowance for waiting, no matter how long they wait. Then again, men who worked for John Fairfax between 30 aud 40 years ago, have been put on casual work with the cold-bloodcd intimation, convoyed in so many words, that they are being slowly but surely starved out, and that in a few months there will bo no work at all for them, and that then they can go to — well, where can thoy go ? A nice reward after servics of a lifetiino iu helping to build up a big newspaper enterprise, tho owners of which are now netting nothing less than £150,000 a year 1 Nice peoplo to preach to the public aud Parliament about the rights of Labor and the duties of Capital, you are to be sure ! * » * Then, again, when 'Mister James ' (oh, what a nice man he is to be sure !) was made a knight, that ecstatic admirer and faithful henchman of his, Sam Cook, ' got up ' a testimonial to Sir James. It was such a spontaneous affair, too, don't you know, all the employees, literary, clerical, and mechanical, male and female, glee fully subscribing to it. Seeing that Sam Cook, tho Boss Manager, and ' Mistor James' ' deputy was the promoter, how could they do other wise ? Yes, the affair was very spontaneous, so far as Sam Cook and some of his slimy smoodgers were concerned ; they got the kudos, the other poor devils had merely to part up. Why, if Old John Fairfax conld resurrect, see how some of his most tried and trusted employees were now being treated in their old age, it would blanch his cheek with shame and indignation, and make him regret the day that he evor acquired the paper aud made it what it is to- day — one of the wealthiest English newspapers outside tho City of London. { * ? * m I could go on for columns in this strain, but I won't. I could a tale un unfold about your literary staff, but won't, for reasons that don't concern you so much as they concern tho gentlemen composing that staff. Suffice it to say, that Mr Gullet, your chief leader- writor and sometime acting-editor is the chief shareholder in the ' Daily Telegraph' — a sort of journalistic Blondin or slackwire walker. Where, do the respective editorial ' We's / of the ' Herald ' and ' Telegraph ' come in with Gullett on the job as principal proprietor of the ' Telegraph ' aud chief leader-writer and acting-editor of the ' Herald.' If the editorial 'VVE has half, the value newspaper pro prietors pretend to attach to it, then Mr Gullet with his WE on the ' Herald ' and his WE on the 'Telegraph' must baa wonderfnlly influential fellow — even a greater man than the ' Herald's' .Knight ' Mister .James' himself. The *?* Herald's' WE is no more value than Truth's WE- The journalistic WE is a fraud, a delusion and a snare. WE are no I better or wiser ' than other folk ; and WE ought to know it ; if- WE don't the public do, which is, ' after all, the only thing about this ludicrous WE question that -concerns Yours, faithfully, , JOHN NORTON. February 4, 1899. 