THE lTNDERTAKER'S IIORSE. May be. I'm not much to look at, I'm played out—and broken down, too; I've a bit of condition, for all tbat, And my blood is the bluest of blue. My sire was Sultan by Ajax, Whose colour I have, and his pace; My dam was Aurora, by Syntax, iVho never was beat in a race. So you'll see that iny pedigree's right, Although I am dragging a hearse; By the Lord! if my coat had been white, 1 might have been doing much worse. I remember the day of the sale; They talked of the races I'd won— How, when wanted, I never did fail, How gamely I always had run. Well! there wasn't a bid from the crowd, Tiie auctioneer said, "Bass liirn in," When a seedy old cove sang out. loud, "I'll give von a quid for his skill," Thev took it, he led ine away, I was weary and didn't care where; I'd been in the sun all the day, And been hustled about here and there. When I reached this cove's stable at last, I saw all (he horses were black. Then my "innards" recalled my long fast, So 1 went for the hay in the rack. My new boss was an undertaker— A lean, lank, and sober old cove, Who looked all the world like a Quaker, Who'd just slept the night in a stove. Well! I must, say he's been good to me. And I can't say I don't like my place; It's just, what suits me to a "T," This good old funereal pace, Though Toft think how many would laugh; Who knew me when in my prime. And the distance—a mile and a half— ~ - I did in the fastest of timet I'd have liked to be there in a hearse. With a light-weight corpse in the vun; How the skinny old Quaker would curse, As I rattled him round on the tan. Well! I've no right to grumble, not I— For were I not black as the fogs, Were I chestnut, a roan or a "pic," I'd surely have gone to the dogs. And now, I thank God, I am blade; You'll agree that it would have been vrorM, To be used as some butelier boy's hack, Than sedately to walk in a hearse. There's no cheering now in the straight; But I'm not going to give up the ghost—' I'll carry the "stiffs" just as straight, As I carried tliein once from the post. APOSTROPHE 