A G-liostly Appearahc'e at Auburn. EXCI rBMB NT iff -THE NEIQHBOUItt£0 OD Tho' some sceptics may deny belief in visitants from, another sphere; yet with the majority of folk the belief dies hard. 'Miss Marner, of " Lamington," Viotoria-road, Auburn, Victoria, has more tlian once seen some thing resembling a ghost-when, for instance, she looked in her mirror, so debilitated was she by many months iUhobs. She says.«t some two years ago, to feel very ill af[Cl1 home from school. I did not feel Su m,,i"r.7lu to take to my. bed, but experienced Jl 4-Uni- a_ _ "cea a cou1 languid feeling that made me Father took me to see a doctor, atTd most he said I3;.| ^isarafj He said my daughter was suffering principa "( weakness, and advised a change. Her . your treatment overgrowing my strength, and I wag , myself. As I had no inclination to do sn ti, s no fear of my disobeying this order and If" " quinine tonic" given me, with regularL I commenced to feel acute pains in \ ^ and back, and at night I could scaroiL rest." " We tried everything to indiJnKfl:| interposed Mr. Marnor, but without e2W 7^' consulted a well-known CollinK-streofc praotit^ cipalljJf! her away for a trip rto Queensland, buVshortt'''f looking worse. She would also robch on m the morning; any food taken could not h?f5 down. .She lost flesh and became a mere nhosl" ''' "This time last year," said Miss Alice "W J 7st. 31bs., now I am 9st. 71bs." ' W61°1" ; A great improvement j have been beneficial P" : " No j all the medicine I got did m0 vetvlin good. Actually, Dr. Williams' Pinlr ±>il|3 f0rp People deserve that credit. Just before thnjJ' holidays, father bought me a box of Dr, Willi,t Pink , Pills, at Mr. Pleasance's, Chapal strt Prahran; they did me so much giodthatleov!n~ with them. ? It is a long time since I discontin - taking them, and I- am now as healtbyas anj could wish;" ' . " And you would recommend them '.' Yes'; and that strongly, too," said Mr. MaJ " Had I known of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills |,1 years before, it would have saved me a hnoj,j pounds.'* i There are many readers who may be fortumi! enough to save their pockets i5 they act as f young lady did. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills willi® antemia, weak heart, sleeplessness, scrofula, ccj sumption; chronic erysipelas, debility, indigesfc liver ' and' kidney : diseases, and chest and k, troubles,;pale ^and sallow complexions, paralja locomotor ataxia, neuralgia, St. Vitus' dance, t nervous, headaches, and all nervous duoife They are sold by chemists and storolceepors, andl; the Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, c/o M Tompsitt & Co., Flinders Street, Melbonrue,aS|i and nine a box, or six for fifteen and threepas but are, genuine only with the full name (sen' words), Dr. Williams' Pink Pills tur i'aio Peoji on each box. . Thousands have testified to tbi curative powers. 