Hope the Hermit. OHAPTEB XXII. When ak lenfrth %\\\ wMitillosce mor««nd iht light bad dlitppetraj, John B»doliffo ?r«pi oil of hit ?belter, «ad tekiog aer hand prened it (mi in hii, ' God bleu joa, littlo gboit,' he, f lid. ?' Why, bow oold ( you aro child 1 Come, we tnait wait no looser, bn- batt«a \a tbalter lest tbe good man returns ?poo bit way. It wst worth lomsthinfr. to ?ee lojtoBS ia iaoh ? p»nio,' tod he ohookle'd softly :to bimielf is he thonght o( tbc ibepberd'i horrid cry, sad of the w»y in wbioh he had scuttled down tbe billiido. 1 Who «»|. th.» fellow, . do you a think t A.nd whtt ean.bave been bi» arrtDd at tbfi time of sight ? ' 1 It wss Tin Qriiedale, the ibephsrd irom Aihnaii FaiM,' tkid Audrey, monming- tbo hill oheeriqlly again. | Bot wh»t t»ke§ him oni I dp ^oljtriqw. Sea, there iaa light it tbe farm, perhaps bii wife ii ill, she is tbe daughter of the miller of Lowdore; abd Tim sBtj bare been going to fetch her mother to bar.' 'In that cue/ i«id John Radolifft, langh iaf,/he had better ity naaght t» to mettlng w;ti the ehott, or the good woman will not no» e'»re To come ooi.' ' Ob,' ikid Audrey, merrily, ' the shepherd hai mrjh more imagination than his mother in- liw, «be would onlj moek at hi* gnotl itorj »ad iay there wire no mob things g« ipiriti wilki^g iba' eirib. I died to isy-jo till I saw thajgbut of liiohael'i mother.' John Badoliffe rapidiy oroaaed bimaolf. ' Saw what ? ' he asked sharply. 'The gbqit of Ifjebael'sj mother at Oarleton Manor. I »aw her at the gate, arid tbe boraoi ?aw her, »oOj *nd shied and ran away. That w'u tbe etnie of the obiob OTerturning, and mj mother never really leootered Irom tbe aeoident, though ibe lived miny mom be aft«it.' ' My sUar ebild ' he said in an cspoitolatiog roio», ' ii it likely tb»t the dead would 00 one from another world to make a oonple of horats ortrtaro a eoaob ? ' ? 'Abd yet, yoa know, noole, holy writproTea that ?otmtls are often Quicker to see spiriu than «??? ar.A. Besides I «so nerer for a no maal doabt that I itw her myself. It was '~ the rery iaiige of the piotnre at thi .Manor, and(qf th«miniatqi;o(whioh. Mjphael' and I d»g.ap-«i( Borrowdile. Juit that be'aniifai; iono-e»t RirHsh faooTtfSrol course you oerer taw the tninuinre.dij you f ' ' No-do,' be laid, sttUeffng a little. ' Mr. Datweat would aeatoely h»t 0 shewn ii to. an ?eqQaintanee. Isn't there eome Ibgeud abon a'barfoot ?leg' and a ghostly pack o1 hoBndi in this pan of the world I ' ?They will not trouble us beie,' said Au drey, ' but the people at Roitbwite and Wa tendlath often hear thorn. They say the stag plunges into tbe Dorwoat where it flows psai tbe Bowder Btone. I Iibto ne?er beard it, bat Agnes Collins of Gringo and Anno ; Fiiber nied to tell m about ii when wo wore -' children. Miohiel woaM nover boliero tbal it «u aoytbing but tbe wind roiriDg among tha oragi.' By this time they bad resobod (he ford wbate th* Walendlbth folk crossed tbo Oil) on their way to Eeswlok Market; and tboogl' erouiag the HeppJoj-fionii in tha dark war no eaiy talk, Audrey managed it belter than ?he bad expected, and fonnd that the ghosVi attire lent itself admirably to the rongh jjerambling ofer rock an'd tell and through bash and briar whiob followed. At length they gained the pltoe among tbe woods in which, ia ohildran, she and Michael bad ao often played. It wn a ihillow cave bidden away among tbe brush wood, and worn ages ago in the grey rock. To make a bed of heather and ling, to - stow away the provisions tad listen to her nnole'i obiery flow of talk, kept Audrey folly 00 onpied for tbe next half -hour; then, istiiGed a* to bis safety and promising to return on the eyening of the fifth day with news and freih provisions, she took letve nf tbe king man who a few hous before had beeq nn knonn to her, bnt to nhoao oharm of manner ?he bad so q«io-{ly reiponded. To make, her way bome quite alone in the dark was eerie enough ; ibe breitbed more freely when abe was ont of tbe wood and bad the cheerful ripple of Barrow Oil! for company. When abe had safely forded the little 1 stream, she .atpod. (till for a moment looking down through the gloom to the faint glimmer which just showed where Derwent water lay in the tailey below. She conld Bee, too, tbe light on Lord's Isltnsl, and the light still burned in Miohael'g room on St. Herbert's Isle. With a pang her unole'a words returned to her. Could it indeed be true that bo bad loved her f She walked lorrowfolly down the bill moiing orsr tho ptflt, thinking of tbe joarney to Baby Csitlq and of the daj« thire before Henry had arrived, seaiog many things in a wholly different light, shuddering to think how all unconsciously iho bad on oonragod him. She bad loved him always, but merely as ber foster- brother and old playmate, while with him all bad bean different, Sorely, too, be was greatly ohan ged since ber betrothal. Ha looked much older and graver, he eagerly availed himself of every exoene .10 avoid her, aod though now ao near a n'eigbbbar invariably put forward lome excellent reason for refusing the invita- tiom of Sir Ni»hol»i or Father Noel.. She had only met bim oaco sinoa bis return Irom London, snd then his manner bid been ltr»nge and constrained,; while his relerenot to her motbur'4 death hod, been merely formal and had obiUeJ raitipr than ooraloricd hor, W.it this the eipliaB ion of it all? And onld it bo, as her nuole. said, thai all the time Father Noel bid known tbe truth of tbioga ? A,nd then r«memberinn tbe loneliness oi Micbaol'^ppihipn, ar^d jho bsr.d Jate whioh Had1 followed bim from Ihe very beginning of his life, the tears rushed to her eyei and bait blinded her. Tbe 8 iDg of it iay in the perception that it was quite out ol her power to do anything for him. If this were indeed trne, Henry Brownrigg'u jaalousj and dislike were ex plained, and Biie coald oot.bope even, in tbe most distant luiura to aorvo Miohael. Brash iu^ tbo loara from hor eyes that she mighO 003 bor nay, obo nas all at ouae norriQed 10 Gnd borself conlrontod by Tim Grisedale and bis lantern, wbile beside him toiled Meg Monneoy tbo miller's wife. ?Ooan^t talk to me of tho Borrowdalo Boglo I' laid Meg MouDiey, ' 'Twas nowt but tby ain foolish fancy.' ? I say it wero tbo bogle I' said Tim, dog gedly, and look you ; there it goec glidin' awa over Ihe fell.' He ilopped dead, tod with trtmblina hands raised the lantern io that its rays fell upon the ghostly figure with its light plumes and antique cavalier dress.. .. ...!.-, ? Meg Mounaey, tbe stubborn disbeliever in ghosti, fell on her .knees. 1 Gnde. preserve osl' eho oriedj quaking with terror, ' 'Twas the troth you, told, Tim. And sain I donbi 6at it bodes ill to my poor Ibis at the farm.' 'See where, it stalkB down yonder,' said Tim, Btarjng with dilated eye's at the ghost as it glided away and finally disappeared among tbe trees at the foot of the bill. ? Thank heaven; 'tfs,. gone J' be gacped, 'Now hasten, guid mother, lest it 000m back I' . Andtj4^g,n,lCo'unsey, . nothing loth, rose from her knoea and breathlessly oiimBed the fell, now and then glancing baak.io an awe Btruok way to^ s«e -that the bogle was not parauingtibeni; 