ENGLISH JUDGES AT MASS. The opening of the London Law Courts was celebrated for thei second time by a religious service at Westminster Abbey, at which the Lord Chancellor and several of the judges and barristers attended. The " Times " remarked that the men and boys of the choir wore red cassocks, on the analogy, possibly, of the Bed Mass of the Paris Law Courts. Meanwhile in the historic little church of SS. Anselm and Cecilia, in Lincoln's-Inn-Fields, the Lord Chief Justice of England, accompanied by Mr. Justice Matthew and Mr. Justice Day in their full robes, and by a goodly follow ing of barristers and solicitors, attended the " Eed Maes "—a Votive Mass of the Holy Ghost—which is usual on such oc casions in Catholic countries. The ceremony marked the greatness of the change that has come about in a century. It is only a little more than a hundred years ago that Catholics were first admitted to the de gree of barrister-at-law. Now we have four judges of the High Court, besides County Court Court Judges and dis tinguished members of the Bar. The annual Bed Mass was re-instituted a few years ago, and it has rapidly grown in popularity. At first a few barristers and solicitors without robes simply attended a Mass in the old chapel of the Sardinian Embassy in Lincoln's-Inn-Fields. This year, however, the Mass was said by Father Fitzgerald in presence of Cardinal Vaughan, who intoned the Veni Creator, sung at the beginning of the service. The County Court Bench was represented by Judge Bagshawe and Judge Stonor. Of Queen's Counsel, in full- bottomed wigs, there were present Mr. Joseph Walton, Mr. Mulhol land, Mr. H. Shee, Mr. Hugo Voung, and Mr. Bowen Bowlands; and of barristers and solicitors, Mr. P. B. Abraham, Mr. Arthur O'Connor, M.P., the Hon. Arthur Bussell, the Hon. Frank BusboU, Mr. Theo bald Mathew, Mr. St. John Clerke, Mr. Lister Drummond, Dr. O'Connor, Mr. Charles Mathew, Mr. G. B. M. Coore, Mr. Mr. T. J. Bullen, Mr. Varborough Ander son, Mr. J. P. Murphy, Mr. P. T. Black well, Mr. V. Scully, Mr. Walmsley, Mr. S. Ward, Mr. Wilfrid Parker, Mr. J. B. Campbell, Mr. L. L. Batten, and Mr. Paul Strickland. 