FICTION. LOYE THE ALCHYMIST. Tun Hccnt of Banksiu roses and blown helio trope, and on . tho verandah's pillars tho mauve of clematis and tho gold of canad ensis hi a tender blur of color ami form. . . There was crimson behind tho belt ot oaks across tho swoon of park land, and tho melanohoiy tinkle of sheep boils echoed in a ghostly fashion through the evening's bnzc. From beneath tho verandah's shade cutno tho sound of two low voices. Blanche Evorsleigh, witii the insincere face thatflocincd typical of hcrhollow and thought- lean character, was looking at tho man at hor side, weighing him in tho balance. . . . Tho man was looking with unseeing oyes nt tho glow bohind tbo oaks and biting his palo lips. . How that red glow and tlial faint scent of roses became tho potent recallora of that hour in tho long years that followed 1 It socincd that somo— porliapH somo Anal scene — was drawing to its close. Presently,, qulto calmly, ' the man put his hand across his oycB nn though unconsoious, or uncaring, of tho effect on her of his unconventional action. He-sat silent for awhile, as though ho had forgotten his companion. Thori— " Tho eve of my departure ! " sho said reflectively, almost oa i! to ncrsolf.. Ho turned and started. " You will bo better off at Nice than I shall bo in Green-Btrect," hosoid vaguely. , " I shall.bo lonely, though," sho said. Ho looked up qulokly. That look and that eager lighting of tho grey eyes sho had ex pected— and intonded. . "You will— really?" nirttono was quito what sho had known . It would bo— hopoful, oxoitcd, sensitive! Through tbo warm Bummor months that had slipped past bho.hnd learned to know that unsteady voico of his, ami to bo glad of It. It testified se obviously to his lovo, to Ills subjection, to his devotion. Other mon had grown to bo as ho had boon beforo, and she had laughed at thorn— and sho would laugh nt this ono presontly. She was light, somo said, and worthless aud hollow ; - her naturo was but a butterfly's a doll's, vain and heartless, ploascd only whou admiyod. Glaudo Hooves had got up froii) tho low chair by tho pots of sconted leaves and calcoo- larios, and, although bis face had ohanged color and his voice grow a triflo Btrained, it was quito calmly and composedly that ho asked hor to bo his wifo. . It scorned ton minutes to him— ton inter- minablo years of suffering - before sho. an swered him. Tho sheep bolls mid tho wood pigeon's note and tbio Blccpy rustic of tho oaks filled in tho silonoc. Then— "I novor thought of anything of tho kind," sho said slowly. A pause, before his brain took in tbo import of hor words; then he flushed. from lip to brow painfully. ' ' " I did not sco you toved mo," sho wont on ; "1 did not understand you meant all you (said tobo taken in sincerity. In our world, lon must know that — Ho walked to tho end of tlia verandah that lookod toward tho south, and stood sitont with his back to hor. .What little of lovo, what little of charm or of . pootry -his lonely life had ofTercd him, scented slipping back into tho melanohoiy nnst. Ifo turned whito, foollngless, cold mr ice, and almost as hard. "Then wo say tho time honored phrase, Good-byo for over t' " ho said dully. " Liko thoy do in the novels," sho said ; " and tho foolish pair meet nt Goodwood or at Lord's noxt season, or ohanco to bo post ing Icttcra at tho snma pillar ; or turn up a propos . of nothing, in tho middlo of Uio Baharn." " We will hopo such ill luck will not bofall us— that it is usually notional," ho said. " Ono does not oravo to meet a woman of whom ono has no opinion." - Thero was a long, doad pause. Bho reddened slowly, and ho saw it. Thou, . without touching hands, ho loft hor. . " Are you out thcro still, Blanobo ?" Tho - Fronoh .windows opened, and Sarah Ducio, tlio society woman to whom tho house nud tho oak woods belonged, stepped out from her orer- Bcentcd boudoir. Sho did not wait for hor friond to answer, but went on talking quickly, us had become lier habit. " And has Clnudo Reeves gone ? Foolish man I I told him lio was to dino with uaand oatoh tho Inst train back. Your good-byo cvoning, too. Edmund (Edmund was hor somnolent bat inoAonsivo husband) " lias gone out mottling iu tho copse, or somothing equally exciting. . . . . How do you think this new mauvo muslin looks— Mauvo, my doar I Tlio vory tono that old Uiicf Angout warned mo against, But I Imfftv bottor. For town wear, 1 grant you, It makes ono look too palo, but horc, it's tho vcrv shadoof tho hydrangcaR ; aren't thoy odd? I funoy they must put something iu tho soil to mako them turn that color. It's a change, ftftor tholr everlasting pink. Well 1 Toll mo of your last Intorviow with tlio fascinating barrister, How did it go off?" Sarah paused, perhaps for want of brcutli. Blanclio was looking the other way. " Oh, just as usual," sho said, vaguely. , , " Proposo ?" Blanche did not answer. Sarah Duoio bent forward with a business like nlr. At lhat.momont it struck Blanobo as a pity that Sarah always lookod so pain fully artiAeial— especially in tho country. .. 41 My dear oroaturo V"— Sarah's faco .vas full of concern—" why on oarth didn't you have him ? Money, refinement, position, a ohnrming houso In Grcon-Btrect fwhibb, with a fow alterations would suit a brido down to tho ground), u good temper, no relations, brains; " " Oh ! don't." .... Blanche was shivering. "Think ol all tho chances you havo wasted —simply thrown away ! Why, thoro" was Scott, and tho little Marchant with the red hair, aud tho long man in tho 17th. Did you And any of thoso butterflies moro amusing than Cbutdo Rcovos ? " " 1 am suro I do not know, ir too light, ho is too serious. I think I And him evon loss fascinating—" " Woll, olmcun a son gout, of courso I But speaking plainly, you aro not so young ns vou woro, Blanohe." Tlio woman in tlio low chair by the Banksia roses whitened just a little. Thoro was a long silence. A dragon Ay, in coat of irridoscent blues and greens, hovered over the water iq tho fountain's basin. Thoro was a beo, too; ou tho musk in tho cornor, buzzing— buzzing. Blanche folt sho must say something. " No, I am a falluro all round," sho said, in a Aftt voice. " But ' how did yon matoh tho chiffon ? Mauvcs aro so awfully con fusing." " Angont did it. She really Is a treasure. ! As I tell Edmund, if I hud to go to a cheaper woman, it would kill mo 1 Get hor to frcsbon up your blue silk." " Yea : perhnps sho would." " Sho could easily post it on to Nioo." "Of course, Sarah," /"And anything else?" Thoro wns no answer. . "Vou nio sura you Uavo (orgotton noth ing?'1 Still silence, ... "Why, Blnnclio, what is tho 100116,?" Quite suddenly ns she ait thero with the glow, from behind the oaks cruelly lighting up her face, Blanobo bogap sobbing. " I— don't know, Sarah. I I don't think Icnn'fc be quito well !" she said, brokenly. .Sarah, Anding nothing -to say, went into tho houso, lost in meditation- "Sho loves. him, I'll be bound. I fancied she. did when I found that rose ho gave her In hor glovo box. Well, - timo will snow-— >" . Somehow tho wild gay lifo at the South of France was not so distracting as it used to bo. Blanche Evcrslcigh was shocked to And her self growing quite romantic, especially when any lurid sun-effect reminded her with painful distinctness of a cortnin glow of orimsou behind an English strip of woodland. She would toll herself, when these stray moments of mumory, like uninvited guests, camo to torture her, that she did hot caro in the vcrv faintest degreo— that her lifo; with its rush and whirl of 'dead gaiety, was sufficient for hor wants— that Olando, and everything to do with that obaptor of lifo in which . ho so largely Agurcd, wa3 gone for over, and well lost. . . And, In tho vory midst of cx- citemonts that failed signally to chuso away her onnui, and amusements that endeavoured in vain to turn her sense of bitterness to ono of pleasure, Blanche Evorsleigh got foyer. It had been crcoping about tho coast for somo timo, tho doctors said; she was an easy prey, because undermined by Irrcgulur hours and too much frivolity. Tho people sho was staying with sont for Sarah Dnolc to como down and stay— Sarah, -who, it had been said, was always wofully bored if . sho were mil dancing four nights out of the six, but who, through all, was tho truest friond thatBlaucho Evcrslcigh owned. No nurso, no doctor, not ovon Sarah (in the vory Intest thing in dressing gowns), could avoid hor thinking. ' AU day,, and s.oraetimcs nil night long, tho busy brain .would worry nnd argue with itsoif. Her vory incapacity to movo, her hulplcBS dependency on others, Bomchow Imdo hortop to pause— to consider. Sho lay, feverishly," impotently; longing that vostorday might vet be given back to hor. that sho might heal somo of its wounds, nud mako its discords harmony for over. . . . Her lovo for Claude, killing all other affcotion shared onco by many, became a mania, a, Sasslon ; sho would wondor what he was oing, saying, thinking ; ovon in her dreams,' troubled by tho nightmares of a tlioughtloss past, sho always mot him; Sometimes he would rofuio to speak to hor, sometimes ho was tolling hor she was light nnd worthless ntid dcsnlsabio ;. soinotinios just thoy two woro strolling together idly in tho sunshiuo. Sho would start up, shrioking wildly; begging, imploring in her delirium that ho could sue how sho had altered— how she had also suffered. And (.licit no answer enroo, and the short, hot, airless nights gllmmorod by Alms of shndows to tho day, she would lio Imok, siok with an intense exhaustion, only to wondor. .... wondor. And thon tho climax came. Tho window where tho creopcrs pooped was wido opened ; soft breaths from tho sea shook tlio draperies to and fro ; over every thing outside had fallen tho calmness of a clouuloHS afternoon. From tho gardens bo- low, whcro tho r- tinga and tlio lemon scat tered thoir socutud ftowonV, camo tho sound of somoono singing " Qunnd tu.chante " vory softly. Tho whito faco niiibo pillar seemed to bo very calm too— calm with tho placid semi consciousness that is like the bush beforo a storm. " Sarah I" It was tho first timo sho had spoken tho namo for weeks. " Why do you wear tho mnuvo now, when it is so bittqrly colil ? Cold ! That is what ho called mo, hard as frozen snow, he snid, and beneath his contempt, and yot . . . . Sarah was kneeling by tbo bed, and hor evesworo blurred and soft, with something that was not artificial. .Sho pressed the thin band on tho sheet, but could answer nothing, Outsido a bird began singing. " Claude 1" tho no mo rang in a mad, wild appoal through the warm, still room. ."I inn crying to you. Aro you listening? You used to say you would alwnys listen whou I spoko, dear. Why won't you; touch my hand ? Speak to mo ? Kneel down hero nnd press your faco on this cool coverlot 1 Aro you angry, Clnudo ? No ! Why, your oyes urn, quite wot, iny dearest — though you aro standing out thoro in the sun- shine. ... I know I was light and vain, but inded, indeed, I am not now. If yon but believe me 1 What? You arc going away? No, do not go I Bo just a ItCtla Borry— just a litllo merciful ! I did not toaoh you to bo so — ah 1 You say that, do you P You nve right, Olaudo ; true in all you say, all you' think of mo I Did I teach you to bo hollow nnd insin cere as I was? Did I influcnco your Ufo for harm? Ah I toll mo, no! . . . Why, how wot your lashes feel, against my Angers, Clnudo! Perhaps tho sun hurts your oyos, doar. And, Bpenklng of that, do you romom- bcr tho glow bohind the oaks? You said you would do a pioturo of HI And tho wood pigeon's call afar off in tho twilight ? . , , And you said I should be your star of life for over— your star of lifo, you' whispered— and now you havo forgotton. ' And now. . I wondor do ynu caro that it is' all over ? 1 know I ended it myself, . that it was ri.11 my fault I I had so many hffftirs";' I' did 'not realiso that ours had -gone deeper . . .- deeper . . Clnudo, I did not caro onco,. but now Forgive mo I I cannot harm you now J 0 heart 1 0 lifo I ' . . . como ... como . . . And that night, whilo a broken and desul tory sleep foil upon tho fagged braiu to still its incessant wanderings, Sarah's plump hand shook as sho wroto a message to Olaudo Hooves.- . Another fortnight of susponso, and Blanche Evorsleigh was out in tho coolness of tho villa garden with tho indefatigable Sarah, "who was almost mystorious enough to make tho conva lescent angry. It was all abont a Certain visi tor thoy might oxpoct that ovoning. . Tho light fell on tho head of short ourls that was rosting back against the pillows, on the green shade across the oyes that the fevor had weakened and spoiled. She had turned to Sarah, begging her to di- vulgo her secret. " Never mind, my dear," said sho, " you'll know prosontly." Sarah had been knitting ; ihe ball of wool had fallen to the grass. Blanohe stooped to Kick it up, tho thin hand groping as if blindly oforo she captured H. Someone oomlng np over tho lawns thai moment saw, .tho Httlo sceno with oye3 not guiltless of an .unuBual moisture. Ho caught sight, too, of ttroend of Sarah's scquincd sash as sho es oapod into the houso. Then the world seemed to havo turned back a page or two of its history, for it was Claude Roqycs'h low voico that was asking tho invalid werosho hotter— Claude's hands holding hor'e onco moro I Tboy sat thoro talking till a little brcozo camo up from the sea, nnd then they turned indoors. It all scorned liko a dream to Blanche ; and, ns in a ilroam 'one doos not stay to question why or wbcreforo, sho did not paiiBctawonder what had brought him back to hor. Porhaps— who knows ?— ho saw somo dawning of a now emotion in the fialo face that so slowly seemed winning baok ts rosea, for when the tender lights of a Hivi- era ovontldo calmed and softened everything, ho asked her again to bo his wife. 01 courao, Surah was delighted j .of'oourso, tho entire English colony camo on ifeto to tho wedding, ' and cheered them with flowers ; and, when sho had been nltowcd another weok foroonvalosonco, Claude asked her where tbo honeymoon should bo. " We will go to London— to your rooms," alio said, " to the vory spot whoro you lived out your lifo beforo you met mo. It would bo too cold," they said ; .Claude must ask medical advice. : Whon lie cuiue lmok from tho doetor's villa on tho hill thero was no ono in-thoir villa but Sarah, who, unlike her euergetio self, was standing doing nothing at. tho window. Ho enmo iu, pupcr-wliito, nnd touched her arm. " Whoro is Blanoho ?" he said. " 8bo 1b nt the Crofts' ; thoy lmvo a rose tea, at which overyonc is to have a bouquot." Tbero waa a pauso. Then Sarah paled. " The news ?" sho said. You asked ?" When Hooves spoke hla voico wns hard and rough. " Ho says, as far ns ho can judge, sho is incurablo— she can do iis nhn nlmeAa , 1) would be host to let hor havo her way." A shadow as ol somo heavy cloud fell ovor Sarah's society faoe. , "Then you will go, I sunposo?" sho said dully. Sho seemed lost in deep thought for a moment ; then sho wout over to Claude. ' " My friond," she said ; and, although ihe tears were running down her face, her ovos were full of hopefulness ; " it was lovo sho wanted. Olaudo, she has got it now. Sho will live. Do not despair." So to London and Green-streot they wont arriving on a dull chill day late in a murkv afternoon. J After a cosy tea by the Aro, Blanche insisted ou looking round his rooms— the rooms to whieh he had returned only last suinmor, tho night sho had refused him. "It seems so odd— so sudden," sho said suddenly; and now— now, "slipping her arms round his neck, " now wo aro bride and bride groom." "Don't think pf 'whnt's over!" ho said; "look at tho pictiiro over there. Do you ro- cognlso tho spot, dear?" She wcut up and looked at it. " Why, it's a bit of Suffolk, Claude 1 Why did you paint tho oaks as though you loved thorn?" Sho tarred, pushing up the shade across her oyes, on to tho soft tendrils of cropped hair. " I did lovo them— you forced mo to. And then— I loathed them 1" ho raid gently. Sho turned again to tho picture, saviug no- thing, and ho fancied she was onlv recalling the view of wood and copso from Sarah's flower-verandah. . But, when, a moment later, she tnrnod her faco to his, he saw that tho groat teats wero running down It, from beneath tho green shado. " How you must havo suffered I" she said, brokenly ; " how you must havo suffered." He did not answer, savo to press her hand ; it seemed safest to keep silenco if ho wore to keop his composure. Ho walked to the win dow and stood staring out of it. Sho camo up behind him, putting her arms round him, twining and untwining the restless fingers. , "I want to make a confession," sho said, Ho laid bis hand' softly across tho unsteady lips. " Not now ! Not now !" ho urged. "I must, Olaudo, Hoar me now. When in tho old days you showed mo that you loved me, I was glad, hideously gla'd, Wheu you seemed, in my fancy, to Blnckcn off, it made mo miserahlo,' though, through all that time that sooms a nightmare to me now, I never mount to treat you seriously — to love you in return. You woro my toy— no, dearost, I must", speak. I liked to play until I broke you. . . . Then, that day you left me, I woke up. . . . Claude, I could sleep no longer— dream no longer. Your shadow haunted me; tbo very scont of thoso Banksia roses grow a horror. Your faco, liko &ome; ghost's face, mocked nnd laughod at inc. And now. . . Book at mo now. . . . Why, Claude, why; you aro crying... Never mind. There— never mind me. If I can caro no longer, why should you be so 6orry.- formo?" „ Tho light foil on hocupturnod face. Would Sarah's words provo (alee ? Was thoir brlof pleasure doomed so soon to fade? Dying? Bho? Sho loaned upon his bronst, staring into his faco— tbo shade torn off from ovor the pitiful oyes with tho violont circles round tbem. Spoak— speak," sho said, in a hoarse whis por, emotional with tho hystoria of a half' recovery. " Toll mo you havo quite- forgiven " Forgiven you, my darling- — " Her faoo was distorted with tho unreasoning foar that ho would desort her. "And you will novor let mo go? Never? Novor ? Nover fall off.from loving me— novor turn from earing just tho s&ma; ?" Ho put his strong arms round her closer. " Hush— hush 1 Everything's all right," ho said, but' tho nallor of his face scemoil tn glvo tho Ho to his calm words. "You are hero, Blauehe, safe with mo. . . . Nono can tako you from me. . . . Why, look nt tho light on the Suffolk picture, dear. It has given it a real suusot behind tho pollurd oaks." s Bho turned nnd looked quite composedly at It ; tho tompest of passion, of emotion, seemed to have passed away, but ovor tho sad oyes, strained and fed, stolo a blinding veil of tears. " My ovontldol" she said, but half aloud. " Aud I am going to be so strong in it— strong and sincere, brave and very patient, and vou shall never call me false again— never ray that I am only a flirt without a heart to love with. Nover call mo lying — treacherous — hollow " Sho dropped her face into her hands. Somehow lie could find no reassuring words just then ; speech had forsaken him. Aud this. Tho first day of their honeymoon. . . . Then sho looked up. " You— you think I shall bo myself ngnin ?" The light behind the pictured oaks grow deeper and deeper,' " My child— we cannot tell. I only know that love likoours— " He paused and kicsed her. She smiled, nnd ho thought sho hnd recov ered her composure. "Love heals many wounds," he. quoted, softly, and you and I, Blanche—" She was looking straight past him out into the gathering autumnal darkness. Suddenly, the terrible fear of aomoth'ng sho did not un derstand seemed to overtake hor, . \- She awayed— tottering blindly—and- would havo fallen had he not been near hor. She clung to him, sobbing like a frightened child. " Claude 1 Olaudo!" — tho "cry rang out wildly, loudly through .tho Rilonc'es of tho darkMiing room — " I want to livo I I want to live!" Tlirco months camo and went. Claude Bcovcs and his wifo were down nt Sarah's houso in Suffolk on a long visit. "It is just ns I predicted ; you are as well now ub ever!" Sarah would oxclnim a hun dred times A week. " Lovo is ono of tho clev erest doctors going. Whon I was engaged, poor Edmund would actually write mo lovo pocni3, though ho has written nothing since. And 1 remember how annoyed ho was when 1 lit my spirit stovo with ono of his pet effu sions'. . . . Perhaps it was that indignity that nipped his classic muso in tho bud." Blunchowns standing at tho boudoir win dow, looking out over the chaos of fallen leaves to a certain break in tho oaks whcro the rood to tho villago met the drive. Sho did not appoar to havo hoard a word of Sarah's reminiscences, for prosontly sho said, quite vaguely— . "He will be back hero in a moment. He hns only gono to the post. . . . Borah, I sometimes think that if Claude and I had nover chanced to meet again—" Sarah smiled, but inwardly, at tho thought of a scribbled mcssngo sont ono night from Nice to Green-street. ' But sho said nothing, . nnd, ns a man's shadow darkened tho window, and his quick stops crossed .the verandah to the door, she mn awnv to trim il hat till dinner timo. Tho quick stops paused at tho door and came in. He walked over to Blanche, with tlm Iiitn nflnmnnrt curi oildino Ills fnco nnd the slccvo ot his rough tweed coat. " Not tears V" Ho lifted his wife's fair face and kissed it. ' A gust of wind blow a shoaf of leaves against tho window. No! "Nol .Not really. I was only think ing, Clnudo 1 sweetest . . . dearest ... I wonder why I am so ridiculously hoppy?" 