"andy's" wake. >or the sun. (BY D.C.L.) When alluvial was discovered in Bead-camel Flat the usual rush set in. The same old cosmopolitan, hardened, blasphemous crowd which had been at the forefront of every rush from the Norseman to Peak Hill was there, strongly im bued as ever with the gold fever, which countless duffers and store keepers' rushes, waterless wastes of sand, and the thousand and one difficulties that the Westralian pioneer has ,to contend with could not eradicate.- And there, too, amongst the first half-dozen to arrive, was Andy, the glow of hope and enthusiasm lighting up his sun- browned-, wrinkled face, as he put all the force of his. small, wiry, hunchbacked frame into the strokes of his pick in getting out his first run. The men saw. him working away as they arrived by twos and threes and dozens, tired and thirsty, and all had a word, of greeting for him. They had known him for years, and had proved him to be a good companion ; a staunch, un selfish friend ; a man who would share his last pint of water and tin of " dog " if occasion required it ; a good Dusnman ; a prospector, wno was true grit and did not know the meaning of the word despair; albeit he had a wonderful and persistent penchant for bottoming duffers. Withal, a genial temperament and don't-care-a-damn air — all of which qualities combined to make him a prime favorite with men who could, and did, appreciate such qualities. And if, at times, they indulged in little pleasantries at his expense — that hump, was really most im posing—til' as from thoughtless ness rather than from an intention to offend, and Andy rated them as 'such and passed them off with a joke. The rush was turning out success ful. In a month there were several hundred men on the Flat,, and nearly all on fair gold. Through-! out the day it was a scene of busy industry ; the merry rattle of the shakers rang pleasantly on the air,, snatches of song or snatches of cuss words floated promiscuously around, whilst the continuous cloud of dust was borne upward. At night the cheerful blaze of the camp fires lit up the scene — the swarthy faces and mueh-patched garments of the men, as they lay on the ground emolring and talking after their eveninar meal. "Well; Andy, you hardened old sinner, " said long Jack Cooper, as he rolled his coat in a ball and made a pillow of it, "we've found out all about you at last. A stranger came in yesterday, and the minute he clapped eyes on yon he said Great snakes ! is that Andy over there ? ' I said ' Yes, that's Andy sine enough.' Then he up and told me that he knew you ten years ago woi'king for a squatter in New South Wales, and that you had the cheek to think the squatter's daughter was in love with you, that you actually proposed to her, and that the father kicked you off the station. My word 1 you were giddy in those days, Andy. Did you think 'twas your hump she loved? You may as well own up now, and tell us all about it." "That's the gospel truth," said Andy, with a wink at the others, f You see, 'twas like this : There were two of us in the running ; one was me, and the other was a big lout— just such a build as you, Jack a squatter's son, and dain my ayes if she didn't want me to elope with her. But the boss was a good man, and I wouldn't do him a dirty trick. Such a nice gal, too ; said she couldn't stand those great long fellows who thought every gal that looked at them was in love with them. He was like your twin brother, Jack." A general laugh followed at the expense of Jack, whose pride about his size and looks was well-known to all. " Andy, you're about the biggest liar I've had time to meet since com ing to W.A. Tell us some more now, and say how many sings you got during the week.". " Three, so . far, this week," said Andy, " and four last week." i They laughed incredulously. " Why," said jerry Ryan, "if I thought you had got even .the color, Andy, I would clear out and think the Flat no good." " Good or no good, I'm getting gold, anyway." " Come, Andy, let's have a look at it. Yon know you were never a slave to the blessed truth, and we can t raxe your wora." " You'll have to this time, for I'm d — d if I'm going to show it." But they would not believe him, and thought he was in jest, as his had luck had hitherto been invari able. The following morning saw the same busy scene everywhere, except at Andy's shaker. Andy had not shown out, and there was general surprise expressed at seeing his claim untenanted, for he was usually amongst the 'first at work. About ten o'clock one of the men went to Andy' camp, and found him on his bunk in a half-sitting posture — dead. His death was evidently from natural causes, as no one would think of hurting him. When his clothes were examined -later there was - proof of this, as seven nuggets, averaging about two ounces each, were found. All his belongings were carefully searched for traces of his identity, for beyond the name "Andy," no one knew anything about him, but without avail. A roll-up was called to decide what should he done about the burial, and with the seven slugs. Just as Jack Cooper was explaining matters to the crowd, a team from Yerilla arrived with provisions, in cluding several cases of bottled "Rors and GninnfiRR. Whp/n (Innnpr ended, one of the men got on a heap of tailings and proposed that that and the following day be kept holi days ; that Andy be duly waked and decently buried, and that the.l nuggets pay for whatever refresh ments were required during the proceedings. This was seconded and carried unanimously. Com mittees were selected to carry out the necessaary arrangements, and have everything ready for the wake at night and burial the next day. Jack Cooper had a party erecting a spacious bough shed ; Jerry Ryan led another in digging a grave ; Jem Smith was chairman of the refreshment committee, and Tom I LJmi aa "U rt /-J /tnott/va Ar nmn/iiMnl I JL.J.A1JO AlCLU. UUaigU UUX7 jJAlllVAjJai I part of the business — the corpse and the wake. Everyone was help ing in some way and prophesying the most successful wake ever held outside ould Ireland. But the whole proceedings were marked by no undue levity nor want of respect for the dead. Cer tainly Tom Price was at his wits' end trying to make Andy lie as a corpse should on the table. He had put the best clothes he could find on Andy and laid him on the rough table (made of whisky cases) which he had erected in the centre of the shed. But oh account of the hump I Andy would lie only in a semi-sit ting position, and that would not suit Tom, who had his own ideas of what a respectable corpse should be like. Besides, he had his position as a committeeman to be considered and its honor to be upheld. Yet, strive as he might, he could not get | Andy to lie properly. If he' put Andy's head back on the pillow laid on the table, the knees drew up at a sharp angle ; and then when he put the knees in their pro per position, the head and part of the body came up. Tom thought hard for a. long time, and at length his face lighted. " I have it," he cried. " One of you go and cut four strong stakes, | and someone else hunt np a couple of ropes. The teamster will lend them." When these were brought, Tom drove the stakes in the ground, two on either side of the table ; and then put one of the ropes on Andy's neck, and the other on his knees. The ends he tied securely to the stakes, whilst the men held Andy in the required position. j " Poor fellow ! we can't hurt him now," he said, as he put a rug over the body. But he could not repress I - - !1- nnHafn/lflA-n' TUTI on Tl Ck a, auLLiJLt; UJL Dawoiovwun i viewed the result of his labors. Night arrived and everything in readiness, and everyone on the Flat j was at the wake! Drinks were handed round, and Andy was toasted in silence. Then everything went without a hitch until near morning, when Tom Price drew his I assistants (who were; like himself 1 and everyone else, more or less drunk) into a corner and said : " Look here, boys, I'm drunk, I but not too drunk. Have a look at j what drink is left," pointing to the end of the shed where the drink was, or rather had been ; " one case and no more coming in for a week. We bought out all the team took out, and there is just one case of Bass in Dead-camel Flat. That will be gone directly if something don't happen, and' then won't we have heads to-morrow. Well, something must happen." " What can we do ? " said .one, "I'm willing for anything — fight for it, steal it, or drink it now." " No go," replied Tom. " I have a better plan — and, mind you, do what I tell you. They're all drank here, and I'm . going to give 'em a bad fright. When you see 'em all clearing out like madmen, dollar the case and carry it to my camp and plant at. Go now, and stand near it and be ready." They did so, and' Tom drew his empty whisky case seat near the table and sat down close to one of the pegs. He drew out his pocket knife and filled liis pipe, then he bent over and quietly cut the rope, which was across Andy's neck, and on tne instant tne corpse rose to a sitting posture. " Holy mother of Moses !" ex claimed a drunken voice, " Look at Andy." There was a swift searching glance at the table, a universal yell, and an unanimous rush for the doors. " Andy's" ghost ! Andy's ghost !" resounded oh all sides, and in a second the shed was empty, whilst drunken and badly-frightened dryblowers were crashing through the mulga bushes in all directions. The case of beer was quickly trans ferred v to Price's camp, and Price and his men returned and made a decent corpse of Andy once more. Then they cleared out and did not return until the morning was well advanced. When they turned up they found all the others there, fully recovered from the drunk and fright, telling each other what d — d fools they had been, and wondering what had become of the remainder of the beer. " As I was going out the door," said Price, "I looked 'Back and Andy was getting off the table and making for the case. Andy was always fond of beer." The drink having all vanished it, was generally admitted that it would be painful to prolong the ceremony, so Andy was placed in his specially- built coffin and carried to the grave. There was no burial service read, as a prayer book could not be found in the Flat ; so the coffin was slowly lowered and the grave filled in. A rough slab, with the one word, "Andy," was placed at the head, and a log fence put round it. Then the men dispersed to their respective camps. That night it was impossible to get pain-killer, Worcestershire sauce or kerosene at Dead-camel Flat. 