Federation. THE ' AGE' ON THE ANTI FEDERAL ATTITUDE. ? -t THE 'DAILY TELEGRAPH' TROUNCED. MELBOURNE, Friday.— The 'Age' has a leader this morning on the federal situation. It says:— It is not very wonderful that the hysterical people of Sydney' -who opposed the Commonwealth Bill and found themselves in a minority should at first refuse to be comforted. Having lived on a campaign of slander against their fellow- country- men, they find themselves and their libels alike discredited by tbe bulk of the people to -whom they appealed. It may be .admitted that the situation is not of the pleasantest, because it i6 so provok ingly suggestive of having been found put But your true artist ought to know better than to get mad and threaten to break things, as the 'Daily Telegraph' does, when it tells us that the 80,000 people who voted against the bill will now carry the war into the Federal Parliament, and stone wall, all progress until they get under the consti tution the amendments they sought to have put into the bill. This is a mere exhibition of tem per. It is not, perhaps, unnatural. It may not be a crime, but it is a blunder. Anglo-Saxons pride themselves, rightly or wrongly, that they know how to be good losers. They have no sym pathy with people of the kidney who go into every contest determined on achieving a win, a tie, or a wrangle. The federal battle in Sydney has been fought to a finish so far as the Commonwealth. Bill is concerned. All the real defects in it, and they are many, as -well as scores of imaginary ones, have been elaborated before the people as reasons why they should not accept it. The people at large heard all, and determined that the ob jections against the bill do not outweigh its merits, and they were right What is still more to the purpose, .they had a perfect right so to decide, even though in the minds of others their judgment was mistaken. We k will say, further, and with a punctuated meaning as. a protest against this menace of a federal stonewall, that no man who grasps the elementary principles of democracy would* dream of denying the legitimacy of the sovereign voice of the peo-' pie, when spoken unequivocally at the ballot box. ' The cool assumption that Svdnev nassessps the ghost of a preferential right in a Federal Par liament is one tbat -will assuredly need and re ceive firm, calm, and temperate suppression. We are glad to recognise the truth, that these offen sive airs are not put on by the people at large.' When in the seventies the advance of Victoria in wealth, population, and intellectual and political progress, had left the mother colony a belated community, Sir Joljn Robertson thought that he had more than Sialf-redeemed the prestige of his colony by calling Victoria a 'cabbage garden.' Twenty years later, Sir Henry Parkes, in the same arrogant vein, pro posed to change the name of New South Wales into Australia. Following on the same lines, to have Mr. Reid asserting Sydney's right to be the federal capital, and telling his audiences that he holds a sort of prescriptive claim to the first Premier. of the new commonwealth. There is neither reason nor procedure to justify, him. All the states enter t&ifi; union on equal terms, and no Australian statesman is entitled to a hair's breadth of precedence over any other, save that which' the confidence of the electors reposes in him. To threaten us that the 80,000 noes- of New South Wales are going to form themselves into a kind of ? Cave of Adullam because they cannot coerce the majority, would be inexcusable, were it not so plainly- an outburst- of -impotent petulance — the want of that philosophic temperament whidi «aij sustain .temporary defeat without loss of dignity. It is- not in the least true to say. that there can be no genuine federal union under the Common wealfh Bill.. It is -correct to say that the union win ie an' unscientific one while state rights re gain .a 'perpetual source of friction in the machin ery; and the debts and the railways are left.pr the , position of Mahommed'e coffin. / But all c these] things are what patriotism will seek to remedy, ] hot to, rail at, as defects which make it 'absolutely'' unworkable.. .?; The attituoe of this colony 'is a ' striking contrast . Victoria bas maintained a dig- j Bined! reticence, while her neighbors were, pelting «: her: with contumely. She will, however, iave her turn to speak, and her orators may do worse than moke it clear at once. that they enter t&e; coming union without conceding a scintilla of her juet«lalmB. - ?? -,-? . '. . 