The Christian. (By a Special Contributor.) The stout question in Sydney just non aftar the couiplimunts of the day have been passed is' Have you seen ' The Christian ?' And anyone who answers ' No' is looked upon as quite us much behind the times as the 13cers. : I am now able to answer in the affirmative, and clear myself of the charge of being a foe to the advancement of civiliza tion. I have had no great wish to see the play, for the book did not impress me us a literary master-piece. Hall Caine got into troubled waters when he wrote the novel. and while reading it I could not help pitying his frantic efforts to realise his ideals, and to give utterance to the thoughts which irere working in his mind at the time. He strove. to depict the manners and habits of thought which characterise the average English and American people of to-day, and particularly those which affect the religious life at the close of the 19th century, but if we Austra lians have any idea of the customs, morals and general trend of thought which obtain in tha older countries of the world, then we must pronounce Hall Caine's work an ex travaganza. There is not an average person in the book. All are extreme types of the respective societies in which they move. John Storm is a fanatic incapable of sustain ing a temperate idea for two days together. There is positively no balance in his mind — he is not even consistent in his fanaticism. The ordinary fanatic, or religious enthusiast is at least consistent in this—that he sees but one road to the attainment of his ideals. He consistently shuts out all other considera tions and turns not aside from his set' pur pose. Storm hatches new ideals daily and each one tears his mind so cruelly that a straight-waistcoat would not be out of place early in his career. Surely his picture was not painted as an object lesson to those whose intemperate soul makes them blind to the existence of a happy medium ! No, for the story gives one the impression that though John's life ends tragically his literary creator would fain have us believe that his words and actions had been of lasting bene fit to some of his fellow-men. But' what good has any reader derived from them? Do they not rather tend to make men scoff at religion, if it can lead its votaries to such a painful condition of mental derangement. Enthusiasm is a good thing and worthy to be praised, but to make this man a type of those who battle against irreligion in society and hypocrisy in the church, who toil to raise the fallen and tend the sick in the horrid slums of big cities, is to create dis gust in the minds of the well disposed, and to cause the Philistines to rejoice because of the man's abject failure. He is no type — he is merely the extravagant creation of a sensation seeking author. Glory Quayle too is so utterly absurd a character that one wonders whese Hall Caine has spent the years of his life. 'Surely it was not neces sary to be exaggerate her picture to make us aware that ' woman's at best is a contradic tion still.' We love to prate of the delight ful inconsistency of women, but was there ever such a madcap as this Glory? It makes one tired in the attempt to follow her kaleidoscopic charges of temperaments, and gives one a feeling of utter contempt for the sex. But no one will say for a moment that such a feeling is justified of women in general. Is she then a type ? If there was one really womanly woman in the book to act as a foil to Glory's eccentricities we might find justification for her existence, but no, they are all cranks. The glimpses one gets of the life of the clergy too as seen through Hall Caine's spectacles are just revolting. Had the author a brief on be- half of the irreligious and the scoffers that he asks us to accept these men as types of the modern followers of the great author of Christianity? There may be Canon Wealthy's in the world, and perhaps such parsonic snobs as gathered at Mrs Macrae's reception, but are we to take them as average specimens ef the genus clergyman? Is it fair to' omit the other side? Is it even artistic? If realism means anything (and Hall Caine calls his novel realistic) surely it means to depict life as it is, to draw as nearly as possible equal characters as repre sentatives of all the phases of society intro duced by the author. But there is do such thing in ' The Christian.' The wicked man even is an enormity, while Drake, the sup posed average man of the world, is a non descript. If he had any force of character. world's good qualities ho- would never have tolerated the companionship of such an utter cad -is Lord Robert Ure. The book is bad artistically— bad in every way, and Wilson Barrett had a hard task set him when he undertook to dramatise it. That he failed to improve on the novel is perhaps not surprising: Nothing but its absolute reconstruction will make the book artistic,and truly realistic. The play is even wretcheder than the book. Strange liberties have been taken with' the author's plot, and what little good there is in- Hall Caine's work has vanished, into thin air, while tho blots and excrescences remain, and are intensified by the actors., It is surplusage to say -that the scenery employed in the staging of ' The Christian is excellent. Williamson and' Musgrove never fail in this respect, thanks to those capable artists, Gordon and Goatcher,. but there all praise must end. Some peoplo go to a theatre siinnlv to look for scenic effects, and to those who are content with this I would say ' go and onjoy yourselyes'-r-jrour money will be well spent.' But those -who regard the stage as an educational medium, and look for the true and artistic delineation of character thereon will be be shocked to find how little the piece does to bear out their beliefs. It is true the actors labor under the great advantage of having to present to' their audience a weak adaptation of a very unrealistic novel. This, may be in' some sense a palliation for weak acting, for no true artist can make a bad theme good, but it is no satisfaction to an audience to be able to reason thus. They go for plea sure or for profit, and, getting' neither, -no amount of philosophy will make the loss less felt. Mr.-; Kingston takes 'the part ^of John Storm, but nature has. not endowed him with the enthusiastic zeal-whipped' features of ttiat unlmppy. fanatic, and .art. bis done' little to remedy the defect. Mr. Kingston's' appearance gives one the idea of a John Storm with a soft-skinned, somewhat weak face, pleasant withal,' but -not the kind of face .to be carried by ft- iain torn -with ' the Ciuflictingeniotitt^''* religious enthusiast. .There is nothing ,Tn thi.faefe' calculated'1 to; stir ones emotions, an3 his occasional out-' ?nv.rta of paseionntefervor are too mechanic-^ ally contrived. to impress one with the' sense of his being a great actor. The Glory of the piece was'bn my visit pourtrayed by' Miss Euso Musgrove. . She is well fitted for light comedy.plays,-and. when I have seen her on other occasions I have been charmed; by her sprightly vivacious acting. But she: fails to satisfy one's notions of the Glory of the book, and is at times frivolous to the verge of flippancy. Her Jevity in a certain' scene on the occasion of Polly Love's up pearonce before the hospital directors is very inartiptic and utterly out of harmony with the solemnity of the occasion ; but to. some extent she retrieves b.ersoJf in the 4th; act when Drake proposes her a' andoainent to'his evil passions. But in this act Wilson Barrett quite pnt-herods Herod, and fails to realise the author's conception. Still MisB Musgrove must play to the piece and not to the booV. Mr. Cecil Ward has no true notion of Drake's character — he makes the uuvn a snob, which lie certainly was not. The actor is oil at sea throughout the piece.:. Mr. Hill is distinctly more in touch with the dramatisation than are the other actorsi S;'t Ho one can conceive that the Lord Robert Urajof the first act, romping with tiny children, and lolling about with eye ghiss in eye, a school slate under each arm, and a look of utter vacuity can possibly be' the man who h'-s ijieen a lieart less rouiNall his l'fc. But here again tho plav is at fault, not the wctor. In acts two and four the playwright's pourtniyal iuoro neavlv nppvoacbes the author's conception, and the w.tor isutnoms in his part, '''lie Canon We-iHhy of tlia piny should Inve been reserved for a ^Cmis pantoniine. He would be Bcreainiisrly funny buncheiwith the Cloirn, Columbine, and the.8fn.7e police- man; but in a psrformanee like 'The Christian' he is simply farcical, and swious criticism would be out of place. . ' Of.- .the others Father Limplu^h of the.,. Holy ' Geths^mnue is an. interesting looking par sonage, benevolent and warnihe:' ?ted, aud though, lie hasn't much to do. stiil.be gives one a glimpse of Hall Caine's Father, and does his little well. Brother Paul flits like a ghost on and off the stage, he is in a chronic state of misery, and it would have been a mercy to take him out of the world early, just as Hall Caine did, but at suicide is a sin and Providence and Wilson Barrett do not send death to carry him away, he must perforce inflict himself upon a long suffering audience until the curtain drops. Mrs Cullender is a. lindly S-joteh lady, too vigorous thonih, win for her energetic 1 ace, and a trills overacted, still she en livens the piece, and Mi-s Ju-io is to be congr.itulj'.ted. on her m?iitorious. efforts to relieve the piece from its settled air of melancholy. If ' Vox Populi' is likewise ' vox Dei, then or course the public ap preciation (and the public do appreciate the play I suppose, or they would not flock in such numbers to see it) must be a fitting criterion of the success of 'The Christian' in Sydney. But unfortunately (or perhaps fortunately for their own ease) the public is never very discriminating, and with them whatever springs suddenly into fashion — no matter the cause — is sought after eagerly till something new turns up to take their fickle fancy. It was whispered that the play was somewhat 'blue.' and I am afraid the idea of being shocked has led many to make martyrs of themselves. But there is nothing charmingly wicked in the piece, and nothing that should bring the blush of shame to the modest cheek of any modern young person. There is a little vulgarity in the acting of act two, when the unfortunate Polly Love is naked before the hospital authorities, but one only resents this as a travesty upon art. Again in act four in Glory's rooms the suggestiveness of wrong-doing is apparent, but it is not vulgar, nor can it be styled as an appeal to the baser passions inherent in most of us. So that those people who love to have their feelings harrowed, and who like a sense of naughtiness in their surroundings, will pay their money in vain at the ticket office of ' The Christian.' The play will do no god for any human being, and will do harm to none, unless it be to those who conceive high ideals of art, and who look to the stage to educate and elevate the minds and sentiments of its patrons. . , : H.C.M.G. 