A ROGUE AND HIS " MONKEY." "It is a most extraordinary thing, Mr. SolomnnB, but the £500 bank'noto I put in to the safe thlB morning lias disappeared." « You don't say so, sir. Dear mo, how unfortunate, and how unpleasant for us all. Of courac, the koys have never left your possession sinco you lockod the noto up?" " Never for a moment, Boloiuans," said Mr. .Richards, tho Mancheator lawyer, aa he . regarded Ills mcan-lookiag chief clerk with tho utmost perploxity from whioh suspicion was ontiroly absent. " It is quito bewilder ing. My duplicate set is at homo. Besides, ' I do not seo how any thief could get at tho safe in tho daytirao, whoa wo are ajl bpsy around it. The lock doos 'not appear to have . been tampered with, " tho contents nro un- "disturbed, but tho note is gone. " Pardon mp,. sir, pprhqps yu novor ppt \- it in there at aiL. Porliaps you will find it? in / your pocket-book all sofa end sound. ' Don't talk foolishness, SolomaoB," cried his employer crossly. Nevertheless lie drew out his wallet and examined its contents -with grept deliberation. ./Ho. searched all bis pockets, and turned out! his private desk. " Tush 1". ho exclaimed, "what on ass I am 1 , Don'tI know ' quite well ' that I placed It « carefully in oiio of -tho drawers of tho safe, and nowhere else,?!' " Umplt!" Tho clerk rno tho tip of his penholder through his fluffy hair nnd looked dreadfully concerned on his employer's account. ' " Lot's take out the rtrowdr," said he with an air of inspiration, "and see If tlio " nofo hnB slipped behind it." This was done, amltho interior of tho safo taken to pieces as far as was possible, every nook and cornor of tho oflico was cleared ' out, but tho missing " monkey " — to ndopt tho phraseology of " Captain Coo " — was not to bo discovered. " lb is a mystery," saidthosolieitorgloom- , Uy, as bo sat down exhausted by his oxer- tions; " and I would nothavo it-occur in this lice for double tho money.' " Of course yon have tho number of tho note ?' queried Solomons eagerly. "Just so. -'Well, we must stop it at once, and— would you like mo to call in tho pol|oo, air ?" Certainly not," returned .Mr. Richards sharply. " X do not for on instant suspect any ono here. Wo must, of course, glvo in formation to tho authorities. But I do not wish to havo any fuss made. It docs not do a. lawyer any good for his clients to hear that ho has been robboil,. or so careless as to lpogo a voluublo docuraont." "Well, sir, I shan't feel, comfortablo or happy till wo find oufc what 1ms bccomo of it. Why, it is for all tho world like a bit of raogic." / ."It is b.oyond my comprohension. But got on with those costp in the Slinmonds matter, rshouldliko hint to havo theaeeount in to morrow." Mr. Richards, forgot— or ...perhaps ignored is . tho bettor , word in the connection— tho fact thai after returning to tlio oflico from his -luncli .ho .invnriably fell aslcopinhis chair for' a good 20 minutes. Itwasamild form of mania withrhiiu to stoutly deny that ho over did anything .of tho kind. This practico wus, of course, -\vc11 known to Solo- 'mans, /and on tho. day In question, finding himself olobo in tho oflico for a few moments ho had mado himself possessor of the uncou- . ' soioub, man's keys. Liko a flush ho opened 1 tho safo, secured tho note, made all again ' secure, and slippod tlio Dunch bock into tho pocket where the attorney always carried lU In tho privacy of his own apartment' that night' Bqlomdns produced tho.oriBp' note from . where holiad most cunningly. Hid itabout his ' ' personi v ; 1 '"You're a beauty," said ho, as ho flat-- tencdit buti " but gold ris b'etterldoking,- ' and. cold you will have to bo turncdinto my pretty ono when tho right time comes. You must. go to tho, races, for it. i« oiily ontho 'busy coiirso that you can bo changed with safety." Ho placed it in a siimll, tightly-fitting tin box. This ho wrappod in Bovcrol turns of oil- skin. Tho whole lio dropped into a shallow ' tank, which Btood on a ledgo just outside his own window. " Now, tho bobbies can come and search- liere till tlioyj,oro' bjind. , Thoy will never, think o£ looking into our olstora for a biinU-: ' notc," Ooropincontly mused lie, na ho mado. hirasolf fetching V for hta eycnliig.prom- . enado nt tho Gnioty. Solonmna allowed n little timo to ' pass boforo " letting hia monkey lmvo » climb for its monoy," as Bo tormcd it. In tho incamvhilo ho liad,bocomb- confido'ntial with V couplo ;of,. mmrtinei 'meclmnica who vory' much preferred to.plijjr; for something tlinn to work for it. -It to a. fanoy not by any means confined to ono class of tho social scale. ' "/Look hero," said lie ono evening to this pair,' Swale and Hiiggina by names, " if you two liko to go to the races to-morrow I can put you on to two good 'things,' nnd if you . emash a £500 note for ino with any of tlio bookmakers you shall have 50 quid a-plcce. Lorbless you! tho big bookioB don't think nnvth!ng>of charging 'what thoy cnll " a . monkey. ' You bud best be -well toggedpyou know, and put on n nice f rco and in'dopenddift air. Mum's tho word, and when you get the.? stuff,"-Jiqld it firm. . Tlio ' commission delighted Swale . nnd HuggtnB. imbibed with new and nlnrmlng gusto at tlio proBpcet .of It.- . : Naturally enough ilic first bookmuker they attempted' to negotiate with \vns u notorious wclclier.- Ho toulc tho measure of Iris men at once. ; Ho nipped off hia -chair,; joined /' them, and drew thorn away from tho: orowd. "What do you think I urn mado of ?" demanded he. ' Vutty, mud, or tea lenves ? If I'd 500' shiners In my kick I Mould not liuvo been on Unit perch. Look liore Have yoii uny-readv ? A couplo of quid will tako na into tho enclosure. Once thero I'll put a bit on-for you withono of the lovi»thaiiB,nnd he'll sinashtlio riotoforus liku.abM.t? " The .necessary funds were: sempcir to gether among them. Onco inside, tho welshcr ... cried, "Ah, thoroVtlw red hot hin.!. I'll do tho biz with him." ' Ho mado n bet of £5 with this prominent member of ThttenmU's ring, and retur'ned to thii'twowdrkmcn with £405 in change, which ho hartded- to Swale. Thnahrcn were now hand in glovo.for tho day. Tho strangur in troduced his now acquaintances to his old " ' fripndBi'who showed a robust deBiro to make very ifrcb, with. theiiuniidJlieir belongings. At lust, and just before tho final nice, they " raised' a cry of " welcllcrs- " against Swalo. and Huggins, who after being stripped and ' f teemed "— that is/'turncd on their bends ' "iintil not a fraction remained about them— . \verb so cniclly. iised that it did not scum \- . - likely tlioy would ever again seo Manchester. After a little, however, tlioy did manage to roach home, whero Soloumns, white with anxiety, ..was eagerly Jqoking.fqthem,. and the produce of'" tho monkby's climb.!' Ji'ho tela they hud to tell mado him bbtlj.Bidc'and- wrathful. It was in his heart lu treat them io a volley of astonishing adjectives, but he rrmcmbcrcd that, .iiftdr" all, lie was in their j>e'f.cr. and must grin and bear this collapse . <4 U his gnind.seheiucs. , ' «' ''ho only thing wo oau do now is to keep iwdrV," said ho. " Don't either of you. on any eccount, let on that 1 ever guvo you a \ . nimikey' to change." , " Ws shall bo cureful enough, " replied c'-V tSwale suBonly, " hot ' I rookon wo -havo got blows and bruiaos just in trying to do your bit of business for you, and you'll have to keop us going till wo aro fit for work again." Solomons remonstrated and raved, all to no purpOBo. Tho blackmailing pair wont away with u sovereign each for immediate needs, jind they promised to soon repeat their calls on hlmBelf.and his oxehoqucr. The bookmakor who bad changed tho ill- gotten note soon had information that it was stopped, but ho had no dilfioulty in . putting tiio polico'on to thq wolehor from whom he 'had received it. This worthy, in his turn, told hia tale, and tho -authorities kept him for many days Journeylngobout tho highways and slums of Blanchestcr in tho hope that lie might meet with and identify Swale or Ilug- ginB, or both. . Curiously enough, Fato preserved the mechanics from being Boon by tho ono in search of :them. Ofton tlioy woroclosoto one another; twleo'thoy woro all drinking in tho samo spirit vaults, and yet never cumo fuco to face. Tho news that tho authorities were on tho truokofhis money of course rcaohod Blr. Rlohards, and ho began to hope that at last tho mystery of its dlBoppcaranco would ho cleared. . Solomana, also hoard tho tidings nnd bo was thrown into a soriea- of cold sweats. Ho was in abject terror for bis liberty. Ho decided that'thdro was no courBQ so safe for him as flight. But ho would not go empty-handed. Tho- mero temporary possession of that "monkoy" — which he now anathematised with' much increased vigour— had whetted his greed for. more. - His avarice was after all keener tlidu his des- perate fear. Ho would make ono mora bril liant coup and then vanish from tho legal circles of Manchester nod of England for over. 14 His rather clnboroto plans required a few days to perfect, and ho wus in a state of.tjho most awful dread all tho timo. Mr. Kiel)' ards was in London, and having the coast clear Soloinans, looking as bol.d ns brasB and as innocent as bdtter, culled on'lho mannger of his employcr's bank. Ho was welt-known to tho gentleman, being really a more fre quent visitor to tho establishment than the lawyer himself. He explained that Mr. Richards was out of town, nnd that they had ' a settlement for a client on tho following morning over sumo houso property, tho umount required being £1,600. Ho had just learned that tills olicnt would not bo ablo to nrrivu with the capital quito. in timo. Fearing somo such contin gency, Mr. llieimrds beforo going away had left his life policy and other securities, with full authorisations for Mr. Solomnns to pledge thorn with tho bank for tlio loan of tho sum named for a few duys. Thoy had donn suoh things for BIr. Rich ards boforo. The documents seemed to bo in porfeot ordor. With hardly any hesitation tho manager told the.eoshier to'hand over to. Solomons £1,500. . The little rascal would much have liked to have taken U nil in gold,' but he feared such a request might at tho final moment excite suspicion and bring lilin onco moro to grief. Still, ho got tho balk in specie and tho rest in notes of £20. Onco outside tho bank with his plunder .safo liis Bangfroid deserted him. His faco broke out into a rash, and Jie could only think of ono thing, and it was how to gut away quick enough. ' ' ' Hoping to steady himself ' with brandy, bo turned into tlio first tavern ho reached, and thereTho come upon Swule and Huggins. .. . . ;;\ Hqllo! ' cried tho latter,' " wo wd< Just agolng'to givo you a reminder Why, whaVs 'the -matter with you? Havo you got tho fcVer. ot'havo you Scon a ghost? " " Neither.'. ; You both take iny advice and 'get 'out of 'Manchester us quick as you cau.i If you stay hero you nro sure to bo recog-' niscd and thero will bo trouble. Go to Jon- don— go any whore. , Hero's money for you.' It'stho last, and tlio best you'll over, get from1 me." To their delight ; and amazement,. )iq!: banded them four notes of £20 eneh. VTlioso1 aro all. right, " declared he. " I -lmvo only' just received them ovoi tho bank counter.' ,My namoiaWalk'er," heconcluded, hurriedly, you'won't seo mo ogain— " ":Why.. can't wo all three goitogelher? " iriedt Swalo, iwhorsmolt, more -monoy from' 'iwheroitho new tv/enty pounders lud'coino;-' " -You! must vbo mad ! wa8 ' Solomnn'S; .withering "rbplyj and- straightway' ho- dis appeared fromtuo place;) ' AqiUnlopked-ifor inhttor'1' called ' Bfr.' Ricbardsbockto Manchester thataftcrnoon, aml fitialsoi took him te tho hnnk.' A brief conversation; .with: him ; showed ' the' manager that the-'- policy and the other. doouraentS von: which-. £1,500 ;!ind' been- advanced woro worthless forgeries— oxceUqnt spcolmons of . the nefarious -ait, but as securities valueless. : Thore wasa greater demand for rli'o plaus ible BIr. Solomons that night than' lmd cvcr boforo been- the cssti. All over lhc ' country the police-kcpt-a hot and an octivo look out forhilh;1'-' Blr.'Huggins received a visit 1 from the samcdnquiring gontry.us ho was rioting In .a tHpo snpper with friends who weronqt'of his o\vn family." - Earlier in tho evehiiig iio had changed biio'of tho twent-y-pouiidnoics in a tavorni'Baying that h'd'had-jusL received tho iriBurnneo money on his wifo's death/ On'muking -a' scardli'- nt his15 lodgings a twenty-pound note was founii |n tho cliim- ncy/und cs Vhuch in lboao casii in a diuwi'i. Then Swalo was captured, rind tlio welshcr. identified them us being the gents ;who had come to him on i'lto : ravccourso dvuirouV' cf changing " a monkoy." \- - Soloinans wns'nrrcatcd just na he wns about to step on board an Atlnntio liner disguised as an Old . woman; a character his features suited, vury-woll. . ; .Thq.otldest thing poriiaps Lhout this qucor case is that thd little rogue only got oightreu months? imprisonment,1 while -iluggiiis' und Swale'wero'scntcnced to six nnd four each rcspoctwely./ . " Quito onoiigh for a blooming monkey, tod,!?.-Soloinaqoj>rotChl« to this.very dny. 