THE TRAGEDY OF PARNELL. THE HERO OF HOME RULE. By T. P. O'Connor. XXIX.-THE ELECTION AS LEADER, Every man appreciated the tremen dous significance of the vote he was '.going to give, for Parnell, at the, time, 'meant something like the going-, on Jpf a revolution, and his rejection meant its =arrest, if not its stoppage. Amid 'breath- less stillness, the uamea were called : some voices trembled as they uttered the name of Shaw or Parnell. *?? ? ? *..? ??? .* There were many surpluses in the .-division. For instance, Mr.- Edmund Leamy, who had just been elected, for Water ford Oity, in. the coarse of a ecu test which seemed to depend on local .and personal issues unintelligible to those ontside the particular constituency — Mr. Leaniysatabsolutely dumb throngh ?out the whole debate on the leadeiship ; ?and to nearly all those present he was unknown even hy sight ; and reserved, aloof, speaking to no one, he was a dark ?horse. ? ~AJs a matter of fact Mr. Leamy'-was -an ai'dent Nationalist — of great eloquence, ?fire, and honesty — and always had in tended to vote for Parnell- 'When he . voted^for Parnell there 'was a sight of -relief amongst the Parnellites; * . . ?? * * This was one of the great surprises, ?tout a greater was coming. Dressed elaborately, with the whole air of a man. ,of London society, Captain O'Shea was very unlike the young man who had left the journalist's desk, or the farm, or the ; office to take up Parliamentary duties. I still can see the stiff, high .white collar which he wore. If there were a man whose appearance would '?have marked out the moderate politi 'cian, it was Captain O'Shea. With a ??face that grew suddenly white, and with ? a voice that audibly shook, Captain. ?O'Shea gave his vote for Parnell. ? It Avas five years after that Parnell re called that vote. When he was fighting to get Captain O'Shea elected' for Gral . way, and was /beginning the end of his ?career, he told me, with a smile, that he ? had forgotten, -until he had read a book of mine, that Captain O'Shea had voted for him in the great division over the ?leadership | it was one of the claims which he put before the people of Gral way to overcome their hatred of Captain *0' Shea's candidature. XXX.-THE FATAL LUNCH. I do do not know of my.own know ledge, but I believe that the lunch at which Mr. Parnell met Mrs. O'Shea was -mven by Captain O'Shea. At all events, it' was thus ' that .the two beings, who : /were to so deeply and ti'agically in ?£ iience each other's lives , and :; the lives of so many millions besides, met .for the firsMime. - ;' f Justin McCarthy was one of the rguests, and he has recalled several times ' since the fact- that while the company . was; waiting for Parnell- — who was late, ?as usual— Mrs. O'Shea, who used to have .. -a keen and somewhat sardonic wit, made merry over the ' Uncrowned King.' But ?the merry mood did not last long. * ? ' ?.;*'? ? * For all I have since heard, I feel con vinced that it was a ca.se on the one side ?and the other of love almost at first -sight, and I believe it was not long after this first meeting that the close intimacy -of the two began. , XXXI.-THE BEGINNING OF THE INTRIGUE. I said:that Parnell and Mrs. O'Shea 'may he said to have fallen in love almost ? at first sight. Mr.' Barry O'Brien, though ? he is not a good authority, had some ?evidence, I assume, when he makes the statement that Parnell and Mrs. O'Shea . lived as man and wife from 1881. It is ?certain that Captain O'Shea suspected -that something was wrong early in 1881. ^Captain O'Shea lived both at Elthara and in Albert Mansions, in Victoria- - ? -street ; he seems to have Bpent part of the week in one place and part in the . o.ther. Parnell at an early date began ? *to be a constant visitor at -Elthatn' ; bat ^aptain O'Shea seems to have been pain fully surprised when on one occasion he found Parnell's . portmanteau, .there — something like a symbol of permanent residence which was quite sufficient to justify a husband's suspicion and anger. At all events, the effects -»f the.dis covery was that Captain O'Shea,- on July 13th, 1881, sent a challenge' to Parnell snggesting that they should both go abroad and have a hostile meeting at Lille, or some other town in the north of France. *' ?* ? I have always thought that Parnell was physically a brave man, but nnless when he lost all self-control, he was not in the least a. reckless one. He was not the man, unless he was driven to it, .to fight a duel ; he was much too rational — -far. too much a child of his realistic age — to have any faith in those old fashioned notions. I remember distinctly a conversation in which he pat forward his views on duelling ; it was an occasion nob without interest and instruction. , XXXII -THE O'GORMAN MAHON. Among the members of the Irish party at that time waa Colonel 0' Gorman Mahon. He was then upwards of eighty years of age ; indeed, some people in sisted that he was alreadly past ninety ; he was certainly ninety when he dipd. He was one, of the most picturesque figures iu the House of Commons. He had been a member as far back as the early days of Daniel O'Connell ; and even then he was not a youngster, for'he was. something like thirty years of age ; and that was the year 1830. He there fore appeared to the men among whom he moved, as something1 like a historic resurrection — a man that belonged;' to dim and distant ages, more remote to the imagination in some respects than even the darkness of fche Middle Ages. He seemed, indeed, to belong much more to the eighteenth century than to the nine teenth ; he might have been the ghost of one of the men. who fought against the destruction of the old Irish. Parlia ment. - '' ..?? . ? ?*?..*? . * ' In appearance, in language, above all in ideas', he belonged to that period. And that, as everbody knows, was the period when gentlemen were supposed to find a defence for their outraged honour — especially . in politics' — by meeting each other with pistols in a duel. The : 0' Gorman Mahon — nn mensely tall, robust, with a long face, a tremendous jaw, strong features; ? a nose like the beak of some great' eagle, a bush of white hair that, somehow or other, suggested. the mane of a lion and a deep voice that equally suggested the roar of the lion of the forest — the O' Gorman Mahon. was just the living embodiment of the Lucius O'Trigger of .the eighteenth century. And he had led the life of a Lucius O'Trigger. No body- ever got him to tell the full tale of the duels in which he had been engaged' as'principal or second. There was one bewildering story in -which three diiels were fought oil the same morning, in deed, on the aame ground, within a few minutes of each other, and by the same persons, the seconds being the principals, each in turn.' And in all these duels the O'Gror man Mahon had taken part. ^ .. * ' ? ?????*'. - ,* The duel was so well established as a political institution in those far-off day's that O'Connell, even at the moment when all the hope of the Irish nation depended on' his single life, actually went out with a dead shot and killed- his man. And .to bring home to the mind of the men of th id epoch how recent even strange and incredible things are, itis well to recall the fact that Peel and O'Oonnell went very near having'; a duel, and that as late as 1846 Peel was said to have seriously contemplated whether he ought not to call out Disraeli in reply to the -terrific invectives- which. Disraeli was then uttering against Peel for abandoning Protection. * * * I must resist the temptation to tarry by the way and tell more of the O'Qor man' Mahon : but I cannot resist de scribing one scene which was character istic of the man. It was the soene at his death-bed. . ^ ' ' (To be continued next Week), ' 'S\ 