[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] Six of One and Seven of the Other ; OR, SAIL VERSUS STEAM. (BY JOHN ARTHUR BARRY.) (Author of "Steve Brown's Bunyip," "In the Great Deep," etc.) "Well, good-bye, old chap," said Captain Harry Jackson, of the great grey frozen meat steamer, to his brother, Captain Frank, of the clipper ship, whose nose, even then, the impatiently snorting tug was laying hold on. "Good-bye, you've got the start of me, and we're bound the same way. But I s'pose I'll be back here again before you're up the London River. We might pass you next week sometime. You wind-jammers have had your day." And the skipper of the Pakaweera finished his glass and rose from his seat at the table of the Ocean Queen's saloon. "Maybe, maybe," replied his brother, as the pair went on deck. "But if we're slow at times, we're pretty sure. And when we do have a smash we're not beaten altogether. When you smash, there you are, and the Lord help you !" "Ay, ay," laughed the other, motioning for his boat to pull up to the gangway, "but only think of it, Harry ! To England and back again, and you, just as likely as not, only half way there ! Give up canvas, old man, and come into steam. You'll never be sorry for it ?" "Damn steam !" replied the other pleasantly, "It stinks ! And such a trade ! Butcher's shop ! Get a blue apron and a chopper at once ! Sailors ! Bah !" But the younger man only laughed at the well- worn gibe, as he waved his hat from the stern- sheets of the boat. Then the tug snorted and puffed viciously, and the beautiful steel liner, her head pointed seaward, moved slowly off down Otago Harbor, the sun shining brightly below on polished brass work and twinkling glass, aloft on masses of snowy canvas hanging in folds from the great square yards ready presently to cover her from jibboom to spanker-boom end in piles of softly rounded whiteness—a most beautiful and stately fabric even now, and as yet only in the first stage of her sea-toilette ! And so thought the steam-bred man as he was pulled back to his own mass of grey iron with her two pole masts and great yellow funnel, straight, knife-like stem, and uncompromising rigidity of line. "Well !" he muttered, "there's no denying that Frank takes the cake as far as looks go. That's certain. But ninety, an hundred, perhaps more, days home ! Oh, Lord ! Give me something with a screw in the end of it, and take the good looks." Always when the brothers met here and there about the world, one with canvas, the other with steam, they chaffed each other thus, half in jest, half in earnest. But this was the first time they had ever left a port so nearly together, and for the same desti- nation. Spreading her many wings to a fierce westerly as soon as she got outside, the Ocean Queen, with her lively cargo of wool, made such running as caused her skipper to rub his hands gleefully each time the log came in, and say to himself, "Catch me next week, will he ? If this breeze holds it'll be a month o' Sundays before he sees me ! I'd give something considerable to beat him home !" Then he sighed as he thought of the Pakaweera's short cut through Magellan, and the Doldrums, and the, perhaps, light trades round the corner, through which, night and day, she would throb regardless, whilst he rolled idle, whistling for a breeze, and watching the little catspaws on the oily surface. Nevertheless, he cracked on all he knew, and carried three lower top-gallants'ls when his upper tops'ls should have been furled, making a wet ship of the Queen. If he could not beat steam, at least he might set up a record in the way of passages. So he did, too, but not quite in the way he had intended. Finding that the breeze lightened, he kept more to the southward, got the wind, stronger, and edged away just a little more, until he found him- self suddenly beset with ice that seemed to have sprung up in a single night and hemmed him in. At sunset the horizon had been clear ; but all through the dark hours came the cries from the look-out men ; and, as day broke, the Queen, un- der short canvas, was groping her way amongst great bergs, into what appeared to be the only open water—due southward. But that proved simply a cul-de-sac ; and the night found her so closely pressed that, sending down her topgallant masts, taking every stitch of sail off, and cock-billing her yards to prevent them from being snapped short off, Captain Frank made her fast to a big berg, and for the first time in his life envied steam. * * * * Just four days after the Ocean Queen, the Paka- weera left Port Chalmers, her hold full of thou- sands of carcasses of frozen beef and mutton, and her saloon and second class of passengers, fares being lowered by reason of a certain great exhi- bition, to whose opening many of the travellers were bound. But they missed that ceremony, being destined to other experiences. As the "frozen-meater" steadily churned along, Captain Harry kept a good look- out for his bro- ther, as for the time their courses lay on the same parallel, and the wind was so strong and fair he judged that there would be no necessity for the Queen to make much southing whilst it lasted. But, as we know, Captain Frank had cracked on during the first week, and sent his ship along at a higher average speed than that of any cargo boat. So the Pakaweera saw nothing of the sai- ler ; and kept her course straight for the entrance to the Straits of Magellan. And, one night, the weather mild for these lati- tudes, and the sea calm, with some people danc- ing on the broad promenade deck to the sounds of piano and violin, whilst others were having a last pipe and a nightcap in the smoke- rooms, all at once there came a startling, rushing, clattering clamor of iron, steel, and brass gone mad from the engine-room that shook the ship in her every plate and screw and stringer. It lasted perhaps for two minutes at the out- side, and was succeeded by a silence that seemed eerie—a silence broken only by the lip-lap of the little waves along the ship's sides as she glided steadily through them without the so-famillar throb of the engines or muffled plunging of the propeller. And, as everyone stood in their places intently listening, the ship's way gradually grew less and less, and presently ceasing altogether, she lay quietly at rest in a sort of curiously-em- phatic manner, that forced instantaneous con- viction on her people's minds that she had done all that she ever meant to do, at any rate in the old fashion. "Shaft and propeller both clean gone" was pre- sently the chief engineer's report. This is a matter there is no getting the better of on the average ocean cargo-carrier, or, indeed, in any other steamers. Certainly they set a couple of rags of trysails, with about the same effect as two pocket handkerchiefs might have on the cathedral of St. Paul in London city. And, helpless as a haystack, the big ship drifted, first back the track she had come, then westward again ; then, at the end of a month, she got into the same cur- rent that had taken hold on the Queen, and sagg- ed steadily southward towards the land of ever- lasting ice. Through the day a string of colors fluttered at her gaff, bright in the clear frosty air. Through the night long dismal blasts from her syren wailed an appeal to the stars for the help that never came. Steamers, as a rule, are not provisioned against the unforseen, and such matters as table luxuries soon gave out. Of course they could hardly starve—at least for some years — although a diet of froz- en mutton and beef would be apt to pall in the course of time. Still, meat they were cer- tain of. Also, there was, somewhere below, 500 tons of flour. Thus their daily bread was as- sured. But the bewildered, wind-driven people took little solace from these reflections ; and as time passed with hideous monotony of drifting, both crew and passengers grew morose and hope- less, realising more strongly every day that about their ultimate fate, should there be no change, was very little uncertainty. And, both fore and aft, they used to wake o' nights for a long time to. the thump, thump of the refrigerating engine, and imagine for a minute that all the past weary weeks were but a dream. More than once, too, bad weather came upon them—gales of wind and heavy seas, in which the ship was tossed and roll- ed and pitched about in what seemed a very par- oxysm of elemental scorn. To keep her head to the wind and sea was almost an impossibility. With her huge bulk she was like a whale with his tail cut off—able to float, but no more. How of- ten in these dark days did Captain Harry envy the man who could look aloft to decent masts and yards with a fair spread of canvas. But she won through the bad weather, and it was actually almost with a sense of relief that her people, one day, after entering the ice-pack that guards the southern continent, found themselves frozen hard and fast in one of its moving masses. So, like a great ghost, the Pakaweera drifted powerless, forlorn, wailing mournfully at inter- vals through the Antarctic nights. Some ships, they thought, might have kept too far to the south. And one had. Nigh on three months had gone by since the ac- cident to the propeller. It was bitterly cold ; but as yet death had not visited them. Black des- pair was in their hearts. Escape from their prison seemed further off than ever. On the foremast an improvised "crow's nest" had been rigged, and one cold dawning came therefrom a loud cry. Those, of the watch on deck, following an outstretched arm, saw a line of tall bergs very different, to the pack-ice that had surrounded them for so long. But the wonderful thing was that between the double peaks of one of the bergs sat, broadside, facing them, a ship—a full-rigged ship, with top- gallant- masts down, awnings spread, and, appar- ently, all ataunto, although quite a hundred feet above their own level. In a minute the Paka- weera's decks were full of shivering watchers. Presently the sun rose, a great red disc behind the ship, and against the orb every spar, with all its tracery of rigging, stood out clear and distinct, as if cut out of black cardboard. As the people stared open-mouthed, the sun cleared the ice mountains, and slowly to the ship's peak ascended the red Ensign of Britain, blowing out against the snow like a patch of flame, whilst the sound of cheering came down to those below. The syren had been silent for many days with the silence of hopelessness. But there was always steam kept in one boiler ; and, as the Pakaweera's house flag and Ensign went up, the syren roared and blared a salute that woke the echoes across those dreary seas, whilst the people cheered themselves hoarse ; not be- cause of help, for that seemed as far out as ever, but for the utter relief and joyousness of meet- ing with their kind when they had deemed them- selves alone, deserted to dree their weird in those wild and savage regions of eternal ice and snow. Presently Captain Harry, standing on the bridge with a glass glued to his eye, ex- claimed in tones of emphatic astonishment, "Well, if that isn't the Ocean Queen, call me a Dutchman !" "There goes her number, anyhow," replied the chief engineer, who, with his four subordinates and the deck officers stood close by. "Book, there, quartermaster ! Ay, here it is—JKPQS." It's the Queen, right enough !" Was ever before in the varied history of the sea such a meeting ? Surely never ! "And look at her !" exclaimed the second mate, who, two voyages ago, had "found salvation" at the hands of the Dunedin "Army ;" a note of awe in his voice, "placed there by the Lord's own hand, perhaps as a sign and a warning to those who, like so many miserable sinners, have ceased to believe in His works." Then, with an abrupt degeneration into the very bathos of simile, "Ay, look at her, stuck up there for all the world like a full model in a glass case over a public house bar !" When first sighted the bergs and the ship were quite a mile distant from the Pakaweera, with a strip of clear water between. But, at- tracted perhaps by the great mass ahead, the drift became stronger ; and about midday the outer edge of the pack reached the ice-hills. The shock of the impact was strong enough to shake the Pakaweera violently, although, it seemed to take no effect on the massive chain of linked bergs. Those watching, however, saw the edges of the pack curl up like soil under a plough- share, up, up, ridge upon ridge, until what had been an inaccessible precipice was now a gently sloping mound of ice reaching right up to the Ocean Queen. But, long before this, the Code had been at work, and something learned on both sides. Now, down the road so providentially formed, people were seen sliding and running from the Ocean Queen. The distance between the two ships had been lessened to not much over a quarter of a mile, and their respective com- panies met each other half way. The brothers were the first to shake hands, and the few broken words of greeting over, Captain Frank, who look- ed haggard and careworn, pointing to the Pa- kaweera, said : "What about steam now, Harry ?" The other glanced towards the sailing ship, but made no answer. "Aye," said Frank, fol- lowing his eye, "it's six of one and seven of the other this time, anyhow." "How seven, old chap ?" queried his brother, as they walked along. "Lots of time," replied Frank, with a smile. "I'll show you, bye-and-bye, why I claim the odd trick." "You're all there, didn't you signal ?" asked Cap- tain Harry presently. "All there, thank God !" answered Frank. "And the same with you, you say ? But, if you hadn't shown up, we couldn't have held out more than another week, at the utter- most. Precious low diet, I can tell you, this last month—less than half ra- tions. How on earth did we get up there ? Simply enough. After first meet- ing the ice, we never had a show at all—not a ghost of a chance of getting clear. We were in big stuff, and so thick that all we could do was to out fenders and fasten on. Then it was drift, drift, drift, until one night our berg sidled gently up against another big one. If there'd been much way on, we should have been crushed to smithereens ; as it was, they pressed us steadily up, up, up, until we came out on top ; not as high as we are now, of course ; we've grown a lot since. I reckon we must have looked to you some- thing like that tin ship on the spire of Shadwell Church. Before you came along we were right up and down—could spit 150ft sheer all round. Is she hurt, d'ye say ? Why, man, she hasn't a sound plate in her hull. She's like an egg, hard-boiled, that's been bashed all over with a spoon." A rather pallid, scraggy lot looked the crew of the Queen, rescued from their aerial prison by what seemed to them an almost miraculous chance. But there was no sickness amongst them, only a ra- vening for tobacco and "a fresh feed !" They got both ; there was plenty of the weed on board the Pa- kaweera. And the stea- mer's cooks had been busy all the morning, so that the sailer's men were soon hard at work upon great buckets of soup and junks of boiled beef and mutton. "Now," asked Captain Harry of his brother, as, after a meal, the pair sat and smoked and sipped their hot grog alongside the stove, that had been placed in the former's room on the bridge. "Now, explain your riddle of six of one and seven of the other. I don't see it." "I do," laughed the other, puffing away at a huge briar with the complete enjoyment of the long-deprived. "S'pose the poor old Queen up yonder was another steamer, where would we be ?" "Where we are now, I should imagine," replied Captain Harry. "More so," answered his brother ; "and we'd probably leave our bones here when we'd finished your cargo. But now we've got a chance, and a good one." But the other only stared uncomprehendingly. "Oh ! Harry, Harry !" exclaimed Captain Frank, in affected sorrow. "See what it is to be only a steamboat sailor. Don't you understand what I'm driving at ? No ; I see you don't, poor chap. Well, when I've got this old tank of your brig rigged with a couple of the Queen's masts stuck in her and a few acres of the Queen's sails spread from the Queen's yards to drive her along, you'll begin to get a glimpse of my plan, won't you, and the reason why I think I'm entitled to the extra number ?" "But the height," began his brother. "Height me no heights !" exclaimed Captain Frank: "I've, got the whole thing cut and dried. "Turn every soul to—passengers and all—and I'll show you what a sailorman bred to canvas can do when he's cornered like we are." In a few more minutes, so convincing were Captain Frank's arguments, the boatswain's whis- tle chirped and twittered "All hands !" and to the two crews gathered on the steamer's quarter deck was explained the one chance that remained of ex- trication from their present position. Captain Frank's little speech was received with cheers both by seamen and passengers, all demanding to be set to work at once, lest, as the captain had hinted, the ice might break, and their plight be rendered worse than ever. So, almost without intermission, the crews toiled at dismantling the Ocean Queen, whilst the crowd of passengers, gentle and simple alike, worked at levelling the ascent which was encumbered with great blocks of ice and deep holes and ravines, left after the collision with the outer fringe of the pack. As for the 'bergs themselves they appeared to reach to the horizon, innumerable, massive, and immov- able. So, day and night, with short spells for meals and drinks of hot soup and coffee, every soul, ex- cept the cooks, labored. Even the women, on the second day, came out and insisted on car- rying things from the Queen down the now nearly finished roadway. And a curious spectacle it was to hear in that dreary scene of white desolation the clank and whirr of the Queen's donkey en- gine, the shouts of the men aloft to those on deck ; the steady chipping and delving of picks and shovels and fire-bars upon the icy track lead- ing up the breast of the 'berg. Curious, too, of nights, when the Pakaweera's searchlight lit up the scene, to see the black figures ascending and descending laden with all sorts of small articles that could not be safely entrusted to the sledges that, attached to wire ropes, were presently made to run from the Queen to the foot of the slope, lowered, and hauled up by her engine. That vessel herself was now stripped to her lower- masts, and to get these out without crane or der- rick seemed an impossibility ; but Captain Frank had made his plans. And, presently breaking cargo, out came the bales of wool, only to be sent flying down the breast bf levelled snow and ice in tens and twenties, bounding in the air like huge footballs, many whose bands remained in- tact nearly reaching the Pakaweera's side. Very considerably lightened, the ice was now cut away from under the Queen's keel, wire ropes taken from her mastheads to the steamer's power- ful engines, the ship hove slowly on to her beam ends, and the masts dragged out of her like so many teeth—out and down and across the well- tramped ice to the Pakaweera, whose big derricks thereupon took hold of them and swung them safely into the places prepared for them by the engineers and carpenters. Another week, and Captain Frank professed himself satisfied. The Pakaweera was transformed into a brig, all a-taut from royal- yards down ; from her straight, sharp stem protruded the Queen's bowsprit and jibboom, looking as if they didn't belong certainly, but for all that effective. A curious, transformation it seemed to the Pakaweera's crew as they stared up at the maze of rigging and running gear in place of the couple of naked poles to which they had been so long accustomed. But Captain Frank was jubilant. "I'd have made a full-rigged ship out of her," said he, "only our mizzen wasn't sound —always had a flaw, and strained badly in the ice. "We'll do, though, nicely now. The ice can break when it likes !" But there was no sign of its ever breaking any more. Of course, a great amount of the Pakaweera's cargo was consumed ; and there was considerable room in her holds— so much, indeed, that, for want of something better to do, the crew stowed in them nearly 300 bales of wool, besides carrying away pretty well everything of any value from the poor old carcass up there on the ice hill. And at last the ice gave signs of breaking, and there began a time of peril by night and by day, for the big chain of bergs also broke from their moorings, and be- fore a strong south-west wind insisted on keeping them far too close company. Especially was it remarked that the double peaked one upon which lay the dead body of the Queen, time after time seemed bent upon fouling and destroying them. Thus it was somewhat of a relief to see finally another and a bigger berg collide with and smash Mount Misery, as the sailors called it, into fragments amongst which disappeared and sank the battered and shattered corpse of the once smart and beautiful clipper. A week of imminent danger, and the Pakaweera reached the open sea, and, with a fair wind sail- ed along, averaging about six knots, and having undoubtedly made the best of a very bad job. There was talk of putting into Rio and trying to refit. But, eventually, it was decided to keep going, it being doubtful whether such repairs as they wanted could be effected there. Long ago given up for lost, it came as a surprise indeed to the owners when, one day, the telegraph an- nounced "Passed up channel s.s. Pakaweera from Port Chalmers. Under sail only." At first they thought it was a mistake. But it was not altogether a mistake—not altogether, be- cause, if the Pakaweera's body was there so was the soul of the Ocean Queen. Of course there was litigation. And a very pretty thing it was for the lawyers.. The owners of the Queen claimed salvage, inasmuch as, without her assistance, evidently the Pakaweera would never have got out of the ice. Admitted by counsel without demur. "But where," asked my learned friend, "would the 3000 bales and the stores, etc., of the Queen have been without the Pakaweera's help ?" There was no mention of human lives in the matter at all. Eventually the court decided that it really was a case of six of one and half a dozen of the other, and dismissed the case, each side paying its own costs. But Captain Frank was very wrath, and argued, many people thought suc- cessfully, that he was en- titled to the extra number. (The End.) 