QUEENSLAND IN THE WAY. For many years past there was a feel ing in the minds of Australian Federalists that Queensland would prove one of the hardest obstacles to negotiate in the march towards unionism. For politic reasons public men generally^left this feeling un spoken. But it was there all the same and has been voiced on numerous occa sions. The difficulty is not of Queens land's creation, but was. created for Queensland by her geographical position. Whilst the rest of the would-be contract ing Australian colonies havo sub-tropical or temperate climates, Queensland is in iho tropics. Its situation creates indus tries and interests which are foreign to , the ether colonies. In many parts of Queensland it is barely possible for white men to work in the fields, and even if they could.it would be impossible for capital ists to employ them, for the commodities they would be producing are elsewhere raised by cheap cplored labor, ans unless ~thio .capitalists Biold down to the prices of these cheaply produced goods he would not long continue to be a capitalist. This applies particularly to sugar, which has to compete not only against the negro and Asiatic labor of Mauritius and the negro, half-breed labor of the luxu riant and teeming . West Indies, but against the bounty fed beet sugar of Franfce and.Germany as well; But being a tropical country*.almost everythingelse which Queensland can produce/, except gold and other metals and cattle, and sheep station produce; will in the miarkete ftf the 'world be confronted with the exports of other tropical lands, where low and ser vile conditions of Hying and labor per manently obtain. Queensland ranchers, planters, merchants and manufacturers do hot therefore subscribe Without some very--'Big 'exceptions- to .the popular of “Australia for the Australians.'' They make an addi tion to it in favoring colored labor in cer tain Queensland trades and occupations. Therein lies a big portion, of the trouble that will Vbe experienced in bringing Queensland within the.jale of Australian political unity. Within the pale of indus-, trial} .unity she never can be unless, the whole country should suddenly be ele vated a fewthbusand feet nearer the snow line or should slip but into the Pacific and a'portion of the present vacant space between Victoria and Tasmania and New: Zealand. . Whilst in New. South Wales we have the Sydney sentimental . and patriotic “capitalists” kicking might and main against Federation because their city is not to be the capital; we will have, the Queensland monetary and pro pertied capitalists both secretly and open ly- throwing obstacles in the way of Fe deration because of tho' uncertainty that exists (regarding the future of colored labor, and the known determination ol tho working men and tlio White men rally of Australia that a slave-state is not" to be permitted within tho borders of this continent. . Already we have seen how that wealthy and powerful commercial and political , combination, - the Australian Sugar Trust, apprehensive of its sugar monopolies, set a majority of the New South Wales Tipper House to defeat the bill. The same influences, with enor mously increased local icinfoiccauents, will be used against the bill in Queens- , land. ' Tho object of all these parties will bo to permanently defeat Australian federat tion so for ns it affects Queensland. But there, are other causes for temporarily , delaying it coming to tho front in the northern colony. A very largo propor tion of tho white male adult population is not enfranchised. Tho Premier, no doubt with good and honest intentions, wishes to take a referendum as quickly as possible, using- tho existing rolls, which 'only contain the names of 91,798 voters. But there ate nearly 140,000 men in the colony who by ago and residence are en titled to vote, Mr. Kidstono and numer ous other members of the Legislative As sembly are of opinion that tho referendum should be delayed until tho. thousands, have ain opportunity of en franchising themselves. The Govern ment refuses to accept tho proposal and a deadlock threatens. It would certainly bo a great advantage if the whole of tho white Queenslanders had a chance of ex pressing an opinion on the great subject. Federation has been sprung on them, for a year or six montlis ago it was tho unani mous belief that Queensland had drifted far behind pi to tho backwash of federa tion. The very reasonableness of Mr.’ Kids tone’s proposals makes it an awkward one for Australian federation. We would not be surprised if some of tho Anti- Federal influences which were at tho hack of tho New South Wales Tipper House arc not now operating behind the Queeus k-nd Parliament. A rupture there of any kind on the Enabling Bill, whether it is brought about on behalf of black labor or for the purpose of giving a vote -to . every white man-who should have, a vote, . will almost certainly adversely affect the coming federal poll in New South Wales. .Capital will bo made out of Queensland s umbadincss and political disunity, and New South. Wales will again and again be assured of the unwisdom of entering, the Australian compact unless arm- in arm: with their next neighbor. To-day’s Events,—Eaglehawk • Police Court, 10-a.m. ; City Council, 3 p.m. ; Dis pensary board, 8 p.m. Mining meeting— Williams' United Co., Mr. G. H. Greens office, 6 pm. : Tho Weather. —Tho Government astrono mer’s forecast for to-day is: —“Generally fine inland, and clear north of the ranges, with frost or fog . at night. A few misty showers still in coastal and south-east dis tricts. Calms or light winds, varying;he tween south and cost. Smooth sea- _ 4 b° readings at Mr. X B. Edwards’, Pall Mull, yesterday wore Thermometer—9 a.m., 44deg‘; 12, 57deg ; 3 p.m., 62deg ; 6 p.m., 54deg. Maximum, 68dcg ; minimum, 38deg. Barometer —9 a.m., 30.4deg ; 12, 29.30dcg ; 3 p.m., 29.89deg. Auriferous Sandstone at Heathcoto.— It was announced a few days ago that the Minister of Mines was so much impressed with tho prospects of tho Heathcoto district during his recent visit that he sent Mr. H. C. Jenkins, tho metallurgist, to thorougluy examine the locality. Mr. Foster brought. with him two samples of sandstone from Groytown, and (says tho “Argus”) had them subjected to assay by Mr. F. A. Stone. The results communicated to Mr. Morris sey, the member for the. district, are very encouraging, though it .must bo borne in mind that tho results given are greatly in excess of those which would be obtained by tho ordinary, crushing process. One sample; yielded,g°ld equal to 3 oz, 8-dwt. 14 gr.,-and silver 8 dwt. 11' gr. per ton, while tho other gave 6 ,oz. 13 dwt. 7 gr. of gold, and, 9 dwt. 18 gr. of silver per ton. An interesting feature of; this re sult is that sandstone is not regarded by geologists as a formation in which gold is likely to bo found; and, indeed, in fonher times, this was considered impossible. Ballarat Stocks.—Brokers in Melbourne and Ballarat were again busy yesterday in Glenfmc South. Sales were made eetwocn £o and £5 8s. There is quite a boom in these Bitfield Plains companies. They were originally • tarted for alluvial only, but seve ral of them promise >.o also developc into Inch quartz mines. In Bendigo we know that there is a great diluvial lead left un worked at Bagshot, and there is no telling either whether under the alluvial drifts, this comitry is not also crossed by gol I bearing quartz reefs. An Old Colonist’s Good Record Spoilt.— It is hard lines for a man who is a colonist of 46 years’ standing, with an unblemished record, to have to stand in a police court oh a charge of being drunk and disorderly through celebrating Queen’s Birthday 'too' enthusiastically. Such a man, white haired and well dressed, appeared before, the City Police Court yesterday. Ho admitted his 1 offence and pleaded, that ho should be dis charged after weathering tho storm . and stress of nearly half a century so well v .Mr. Webb, tho chairman of the bench, was touch ed hy. the man’s plea, but said' ho, was so cry he could not accede to the request. The old pioneer pleaded again; urging that ho should be allowed to donate a sum.to the popr-bpx. Mr, Webb asked Sergeant Kilfeder what he thought about the^ case. The' kindly ser goant replied that as tho man had, iopre-' vious convictions and as the day was Qu'eert's Birthday he might bo diseharged on’ making the donation suggested. Tlio chairman ac cordingly let the man go onlu's contributing 5s to the poor-box. . .. . City Police Court.—Messrs. Wcbb .and Somerville, Js.,P., presided yesterday. Mo-. hammed, Benibrahim, a goring Turk, was charged with' hawking without d license. Constable O’Loughlin stated that the man, despite of .warnings, persisted in- hawking clothes. about the’ streets." 'He protended not to understand English when asked what ho had to say ih defence. He quickly^ ‘ “tumbled,'X however, when the. chairman said, “You-are fined 20s,’;-in default dis , tress,” and paid themonoy, A man, charged with being a lunatic at largo, was remanded to the hospital lunacy ward-for seven days. .A- claim : for Ids'by O.iA, Maddick against Davies’and Capbl Swas-: ordered to be; jflid, with- 13s 6d costs. , . ' . '. ' " ' A Difference Without Distinction.— Mr. Dunlop, to Witness in the County Court yes terday ; “What do you mean when you talk about a guarantee and-a ,warranty. ' What is tho differpncol".': Witness; aguaran-, tee is, if'I give-a yuariuitco that the sheep , are in lamb.LwouId haye to. give your money - back if they were not;” Mr. Dunlop ; “What is a warranty 1” ‘'Well Mr.. Dunlop, if I sold you some sheep and I told you they ■were'in Ininb, that would ho a wari’ahty. (Loud laughter). Mr. Dunlop ; <c Where, did you learn all thesjWitness; “When.I' used to go to solrool a long, time back.-” . Mr. Dunlop: “You didn’t go to a law school,.any how/’ . ~. .. ... Bendigo .Licensing Court. —Judge Hnmu ; ton and Messrs. W - W. Greene and P; X Dwyer; P.M-’s, presided yesterday. , The following 'Jrnnsfors were granted.:—Three Tuns Hotel, Thomas Yates Robert' Bod kin; Rising Sun, Hotel,.- Frank; White to ■ “Peter Gaiiibetti; Black Swan, Anna Spark te Thomas 'Dean; Now Bridge Hoteh Pfank Doyle;.■ > * Thomas- Jowan U& JTKosc^^YatesjJ'-Lo'udqh,:; Thomas Bura^; MatyGamy■/Brick- makers’ > Aims,-; Mary,-.Jake /jltebinson ;to: Arthite^Oiirtis-j/jSlydp, -SM^i;-M v to,.Kate Coffey ; 'Queen’s, Florfie Frayiio ; to Mary'- Ann AimsttengX’^' Albion,' Sand hurst Trustees and Agoicy Go. to George Greaves ; Brcak o’ Day/ William H. Step-. ' hens to Ellen Fallbri ; Weighbridge, Eunice,. Warburfon .to Annie Tatam.:; Golden. Ago,;', Mary Jane McEay to Mary Jane Roblnsbn.;. Shelbourno, Emily Wilkinson te :jRote' Murphy j transfer of a colonial wine licence/: Mary Ann’Munro to "Daniel: Tattefsall. The .court then-adjourned Juiy -13.;. > '.\ V' ■ ■. Insolvency AppUcatioh,-—At- the Lisol-; vency Court yteterdoy, beforO ; XfidgC Ipamii-'; ton, Quick-apnUod jdiscliargb’ pn'behWl The; jiplicatipp- was ,■ All ■; jfoxhialitios*»©-■• quked; :by v laim. haying j beencompiled-v-.withJ. Holding-'toVBendigo Mining Interests.— I' an investor has money and pluck enough to keep a> Bendigo : gold mine going ho is generally hnndaouiciy rewarded in, tho 6nd. ' Tide at least applies to mines on the Ben digo main lines, and to a good many in •other parts of the district. Wo have not to go back six months to find convincing illuKtratiims of such cakes. The McDuff mine, which is yielding so handsomely, was a "duffor" for very many years 1 previous to the striking in January last of the rich nreef at 1250 ft. Since then £13*000 have hceu paid in dividends* and there is 'every pro • speeb of- continuance for a long time lo borne. Then, again, there is the Great No < thru mine. For something like twenty years it was a drag on the-shareholders. Now, however, they, have got an immense payable formation* and it is quite possible that within the next two year’s the yields will be such' that the slmarcholdcra will get all their money hack with much more than compound interest. ' Thou, latest of all, there is the United- Ulster, which has,, a largo lease on the Gordon Gully' line. Pegged out and. the original comjKuiy for med during the great “raining boom" of "the. seventies," the company during the twenty-seven or twenty-eight years, of its existence lias had a chequered career. After, operations had boon carried on in a iwlf hcartod manner for several years the mine came to bo regarded as a "duffer,'’ yyoa closed down, and most, of tho.shares for feited,; Since then work has boon re sumed and abandoned several times. It is only since the Great Southern to the south of them a rich and’ steady gold-producer that the Ulster mine has been systematically and steadily prospected. Gf the success that lias attended their re cent operations the present value ot the shares speaks moat eloquently. Not many i years ago the slmres could have been got for the call or a trifle over. Now they are worth 24s, The exceptionally rich yield of 13 bz. per load obtained last week from the little reef below 1000 ft. arid the strike ing - yesterday., of another small bub rich stone in the;800, ft, are indications of a’ happier time" fpf tho Shareholders, i some of whom, like Mr. J. H. McColl,' tho legal manager, have held an interest in it; ever since the company was formed. The Case of A. G. M'Intyrc.—Last Thurs day Mr. Justice Williams granted an ox parte application made by -vlr. Box for the release , from gaof of Alexander Grant M‘In tyre, bar-; rister and solicitor, on the ground that his further imprisonment was | dangerous to his life and reason as be is a martyr to Bright's di sease, M'luiyro was detained in gaol for fail ing to obey a judgment obtained agatiW him by his brother-in-law Archibald Montagu iC gdon. Yesterday, in the Ffoctv c Court, Mr. Bryant, on behalf of Mr; Cogdon made an application to have this , order sot aside, j Ho said that an arrangement had been come I to with the other side that,this order should be set aside, but they undertook not o puj, tho attachment into execution without leave of tho court. They considered that ’Mr, . V urityro was not'in a fit state to go Uck to gaol at tho present time The only question now was the matter of costs. Ho thought that they wore entitled 'to get an order for costs. Mr. Box said he did not think that costs should be granted.; His Honor: I made tire order more out of humanity than iuaticc. I think there ought to oo costa.—Herald. Orchard Pests.. —There was a very good attendance in the AN.A. Hall last night, when Mr. S. A..Cock, inspector mrder the Vegetation Diseases Act, delivered an in -structivo lecture on "Orchard Posts and How to Fight Them.” Tho lecture was illus trated by lantern slides and dealt with the forms of insect life which are working so much destruction to fruit trees, notably tho root borer and other grubs described in the /book published by Mr. French, Government! entomologist. Mr. Cock's remarks were at-; tentivdy listened to and at the conclusion 1 ho was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. Alleged Larceny.-—Three young men, Wil liam Smith, Stephen Berkory and Edward Yarrow, aged respectively 32, 24 and 21 years, wore arrested yesterday by Constable Davidson, charged .with stealing a garden hose valued at £1 10s, tho property of his, Lordship Bishop Crane. Bendigo Minors and the Borambogioj ♦Strike.—At the meeting of the Minors’ As sociation last evening, it was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Praod, that tho advertise ments bo placed in the local, papers request ing minors in the district not to. proceed to the Ruthorglen arid Ohiltem districts until the' dispute is finally -settled, .r Quartzopohs Lodge, U.A.O.D.—There was a Jorge attendance at the "half-yearly meet ing at tile B.U.F.S, lodgeroom last even ing. Bro. ,F. Meagher, Arch Druid, pre sided. Five new.members wore initiated. The lodge’s prize of £2 2s for Introducing the largest number of members during the half year was won by Arch -Druid Meagher, , ■ and the special prize of.£l Is,, presented by , Bro. Barrow, was won by the secretary, Bro, ♦Stowell. Bros.' Stowed! and Wright were ! elected to represent the lodge on the Dis pensary. Board, and- Bro. Sweeney auditor for the ensuing itodfro months. '. Nomina-, tious of officers for the ensuing half-year were received. Bro. Stowell was re-elected sec retary and Bro. Bolton treasurer. Cattle in-the Reserve.—By some means five head of. cattle; yesterday 'found their way into Rosalind Park.! They were graz ing »n the herbage which is now so plentiful when one of the courioil's employes found them and .ran them into the pound. The town qlerk, Mr. ' Honeybone, nijotifies jby advertisement that tho cattle will bo sold unless tho owners claim them arid pay ex penses- ■ >. . - - 1 Measures of- the- Session.— 1 The Old Age i Pensions B5U,. the Water Bill,'Orie-Man-One \ oto Bill* -Women s Franchise Bill,'Factories Acts Consolidation and Extension Bill, arid the Infants Life Protection Amendment Bill will be among, the principal measures pf next session. Parliament opens on the 27th of next month. The first fortriiglit is to be given up for private mombers’ business. In •■the Factories Bill an effort is to lo made l o bring, a number of workers under the Ant who arc now outside of it. 1 State School Contracts. — The Public Works Department yesterday accepted len !dns:—Repairs, painting, etc., State school No,-1650, Elmore .South—A. Toogood £23 -6s. 8d. ; repairs, pointing, etc., State '■/hool No. 2085, Neilborough—J. W. J. Hiirvey, 'sjkO 8s.; repairs to fencing, State scho >1 No, 1 .45?, Ncwstead—A. Burgess, £19. ; ; EasterFairArt Union.—There was a largo attendance of the public at the Tov,i Hal’ . J(U,t evening to see the drawing for the prizes i'. the Easter Pair Art Union. Ca.v..iin An drew and Messrs. Biscamp, Mintor and Kerr superintended the drawing, and Mr. H. M. Marks was also present. Two young ladies beving.volunteered to draw the numbjt j, Hie marbles wore placed in two separate revolving a ylindors. After a good turning marble No. 7161 was withdrawn frim the -ticket division and marble No. 9 front tlie prize division, following which cafric No. 24 prize to ticket No. 4194, and so .on t 1 1 10 prizes had been (Lawn. Then prize No. 2 made its appearance. After thirty-six prizes I> ad. been drawn Captain Andrew .r. pounced -‘‘No. 4107, No. 1'prize.’.' Immediately- fol lowing it came, the fortieth prize, and the lltli prize 'was drawn last. An. extra prize was donated by the committee as a 41st nt»ze, dud it fell to ticket No. 1501. A full 1st of the winning numbers appears in our ndver tia-merit cohunris. -A JuryraauFined —AtyesterdaysCounty Court, Mr. T. S. QIasier, of Honeysirikle slxeet, failed to apnear whon his name as a juryman was called. Judge Hamilton ord ered the defaulting juryman to pay a fine of ,40s. - . „ Death in the Asylum.—Richard / herjda.i, aged 76, a native of London, died on Wednes- from cancer. He arrived in the colony ;n S-s. Lady Raffles; and was admitted 11; tlie asylum on April 22, 1896.” JTho County.Court.—At the May sittings of the County Court, which opened .yestor-r ■•day, before. Judge, Hamilton. good progress w4s made, the list-being nearly disposed of. . The court wiBritagain: at 10 o’clock this morixirigy when the eitee Of Wlnttakor can MTntyreran action for breach, of war- Wbty, W ;£122 6s. damages nPe clninu Ihe. sale, of a number- of sheep will be'-resumed. ’ ■ - . . X?,i Manager.—Williarii been remanded to the -Bjrclup -Polioe Court to appear bn th e 1st tanR n * • * ' ' d®^audii^ v Atlio ! -Hibernian Band Social.—In the Oddfel-. -woriing'fclio : Hib6rriian,Bnhd hold their second social for tlie season. !But rcr’ri-bond ;provided .theJmusie; 80 xoqples were present* Mr. Cymmingfaewd, as ; ALO-> andMr. P. F. Hogan as seerctory. The will bb a benofit ouG.for a widow ■ '*c. > v?:\j.. ; Responses to a; Request*-—I n Jt-JJ the request of the Miners’ ABSOOiation that a ballot bos for use iurmg olcctiom of tbo comuullee, ole*, might - bo mines chimgmg bouse or some other plnee at mum, replies were received at the association mee S evening from various Some- favorabjo but others mdavorable. Tho South Now Moon, New Ar 8“ 8 > 1 Jolu H son's Reef ‘ and New Moon agreed to the re quest} but Mr. H. Bbtdi wrote, that the directors of the princiiwl:' mmea he repre sented wore averse togranfcnig the request. A similar reply was received from the Uatno-, tine Reef United Company. ; I/ong Hotfw* ’in HcathcOte Mines.-—in response ;» the commumcation fonvarded from tho Minces* Association to Mr; A*, xi. Sharpe, inspector of mines, - compmimng 0 men being rcqulred to work Bi; Jmmj per day'at tho Try Again Co’s mine, South Hcathoobv* reply was rccmved at lhc meeting of the Bendigo association last night slating that the inspector would inquire into the matter cn an early date. _ Presentation to Station-kcopeb -Kerr.— Yesterday, at the Now Chum Railway mme, tho. employes .presented Mr. Kerr with a j handsome sideboard. He was employed , aa ‘carpenter at tho mine during t ie past three years, and loft there to take the pom* tion of head station-keeper at the now fire brigade'station., Mr. Katie, tlie under ground bpss, in making .the presentation, referred to the kindly feeling which existed between Mr. Kerr and his fellow workmen, .'The recipient,: who.watt taken with surprise * at tliia spontaneous and tqngiblo token of regard, heartily thanked them.for their good will and their handsome present. “AGhost.”—-A “ghost” is haunting Bus sell Square, Ballarat; with an etching of a' colfim painted on its breast in phosplwmis. When a man tried to .catch it blip other even ing it gave up and took to its heels as fast as it could go. ■ Death* iii the Hospital—George, Clarke, aged 26 years, who was admitted on the . 5th inst., died in the hospital at midnight, on Wednesday, from typhoid. . ! Improving the State Schools.—To initiate a- system ,of practical.education os part .of the ordinary school course dhe Goyemmont bos decided 'to appoint three experts ui the oiementary tec-lmiquo known qs kindcrgar r ten and hatid and eye training. Applica tions for these positions were invited by the public servide board, with the result that for' tho position of organiser and instructor ui kindergarten 12 applications came m; for organiser and instructor in hand,and eye ami manual training, 6; inspector in hand and eye manual, training, 13. These appli cations camo from both inside and outside the service of the Government desires 'o exhaust the resources of the colony befj.M going elsewhere. ' f,, ho qualifications of the candidates will be lolly investigated.—Age. To-day, at 11 o'clock, on tho protnlncw, .Rod ney street, Quarry Hill, nearly opposite Knight’s miiaory, (Carpenter street, Messrs. Hobson and Oo. will will high-class cud modem household furniture and.effects, piano by lloolling and , Spaugloberg, etc. Tho goods will bo open for inspection from 8 o’ deck it.m. Messrs. Henddrscn and- Goodlsson announce in our special column lliat they have purchased I ’ from Mr. J. Meagher, of Mitchell street, whe lms decided to leave Bendigo, his entire. stock of men’s and boys’ clothing. Tho goods. ;.ro of the best and newest quality, and as they were secured at a . large discount onl the original cost price they will be offered very cheaply. 1 The sale will commence on Saturday next. 