SANDRINGHAM ITEMS. At Monday's meeting of the Moorabbin council, the matter of firing a site for a cab stand near the local station was referred 10 the members for the riding and Inspector Butler. The Cost of the fountain erected near tbe station was referred to at the Moorabbin conn- cil mee'ing on Monday by Lr, Storey, who eloquently pleaded that the council should contribute £5 towards it. The f notain was first de cribed as "a tiring of beauty and a joy for ever." Its utility and benefit daring the stunner mon bs was beyond' calculation. The residents bad contributed £20 towards it and Ihe Railway Department had promised to put a light on it. Bat another £5 wa re quired as the cost bad exceeded the estimate (£20 . He hoped the council would see its wav clear to grant the amount and moved to tba't effect. Cr. Barnett seconded the motion, and hoped that that would be the last of it. The mo'.ioa was carried. The Sindringhatn Quadrille Assembly wound up the season on Friday evening, October 13, with a plain and fancy dress ball, bring tbe first of its kind ever held locally. It was a great novelty and also a decided success. The hall was nicely decorated by Miss Holmes, Misses Irish and Mr. Chambers. Dancing commenced at 8 and was kept going until 4 in the morning. Several songs were rendered during the evening by the members Mr. Chas. Irish acted as M C. ' Refreshment was supplied in a large tent adjoining the hall. There was a crowd of local people gathered around the hall to see the fancy dresses as they arrived and now and then there were bursts of laughter as a comical character ap peared. The swagman, nigger, ghost, and Mikado attracted most . attention. A flash light photograph of the fifty characters was ia«i in one group in .the hall by Mr. Sims lbs. Cbuabere as Hsrrat; Miss Bvrrington, Morning-Star; Mia Chambers, Flow tjirt: Ka Chasten, saver Queen; Wise Irish. Mnsie; JGaslEt. In eh, Carman; IGae Jtiefaardatm. Moea jfeee; Hias HirhfiTmita. Buttercup; Mm Gannon. Xry; Miaa Pair, Empress of Sight; Hias Hotmmi, white satin, lib' of raileyand pearls; MiasBeunel, cream Tom chiffon; Itise Johnston, fawn skirt and cream bodice; Mtas Joues. apple-green velvet and several in evening dresses. Mr. A. Steward. The Mikado; Mr. W. Crooks, Nigger; Mr. Fred. Irish, Ghost; Mr J. B. Chambers. Mexican Bailor; Mr. Victor Irish, Russisa Prince; Mr. C. Chenine, Herd Times; Mr J. Lvnch. Huntsman, Mr. Cameron, Tureatarr Mr. TV. Keene, Jung Chailes H; Mr. C- Bodr worth, Cricketer ; Mr. G. Bimpeon, Wanderer; W. Higgtn- botham, fancy eoetume : Mr. W. G. Vmow. Sailor ; Mr. Joe Garorgs, evening dress: Mr. G. Kean. E. Montford, W. J. Corkell. G. Spilcker. T. wHsou, F. Wilts, and severe! others in evening dress. 