CHURCH OF ENGLAND CONVENTION. CLOSING jWliTINGS. .. The three days' series of Jnect ings in connection with the Church of England Convention for the deepening of the spiritual life, which .liave' 'been held in the Y.M.C.A.. hall, Pitl-slrcct, were.. concluded, on Friday.- A trooil many disappointments have < been experienced 'in connec tion with the arrangements. this. year, owing to the pre vailing epidemic of influenza and other causes, which have precluded quite. a number of clergymen who had promised to .apeak from fulfilling their engagements. Some were taken, ill during the progress of the conven tion. The result was that the committee in charge of the, convention had- to alter their programme of arrange ments .each day, and rely largely on Impromptu offers to deliver addresses. Notwithstanding these drawbacks," tlio convention . has been unusually, eucccrsful, the best probably of any yet held. Tlio attendances, except at the interval meetings, which < were held at an awkward hour, .--increased each day, and ycslcrduy the hall was well. filled. The addresses throughout were entirely of a devotional chniacier, as inilecd were tho whole of the proceedings,.-. Yesterday afternoon it was announced that the president, Uie Principal of Moore College (the Rev. Nathaniel- done) had been taken ill since the previous evening, and was therefore- -.tumble to conclude his series of iliblo readings -which laid been a helpful feature of tho preceding day's sessions. Ills place was taken by the lier. C. II; Nash, who gave a .liibto" rending on the subject of the "Holy Spirit, thcOomfortcr." The' Rev. Henry .Martin, of St. Silas', Waterloo, followed with an earnest and inspiring address on tho ''general 'topic -of the convention, "The Indwelling of the Holy Ghost/.' in which ho dwelt particularly on Uio. "Second Ooiniug of Jcsua Christ." At 'the 'interval meeting, the subject for consideration was "Christ .and Foreign Missions." flic Kov. W. Newby-Frascr, formerly a ; missionary in .India; presided, and addresses wero; given by Misa Phillips, a missionary on furlough from her station'at. Bagdad (Persia), and Mrs. Nelson Howard;7 Tlio former urged upon her heurei's the importance of accepting the opportunities '-presenting themselves ' to "obey Christ's injunction' 'to nroach the Gospel'- throughout' 'the world. If they passed these opportunities ' by,1 she remarked, thoy also passed ; by the privileges, which : went with them. Mrs. Howard, spoke on the. power which the lloiy Ghost gave to Christians to cnablc-thcm to witness for Christ, not only in Jerusalem and iii their own parishes (Jwlca), but also in' "bigotlcd Samaria" and the "uttermost parts of the earth;" The Rev. Joseph Best' presided ub the concluding meeting,' held later in the evening. Devotional exercises were led by the Revs. .1. II. Mullens and II. Martin, and tlie president wing impressively as -u solo, "Where; will you spend Eternity?" ' The first address was .given by tho Rev, Nclsm Howard, and the closing words were spoken by the president. In, summing . up the teaching nf the convention, he dealt 1 with the practical result on tho individual life of being "filled with the Spirit." As on previous dn.VS, the convention choir led the .musical exercises, Mist Stratton presiding ul the. organ. : . , 