REAIJjUffr, ThePenal SEg^ON B|) M^SIGNOEhGA$D. The Eight Bev. Mgr. Gadd, V.G., preach ing at All Saints', Barton-on-Irwell, on the occasion of the centenary of the mission, said: ;; At this moment we are jactually engaged in the festive service to commemorate the opening of the mission, which occnrred a hundred years ago. What a length of time, and what a retrospect! Just think of what was happening a hundred years ago! ".^George III. was King." The French navy was fighting us at Abonkir, on the north coast of Egypt. The French army, under Napoleon, was threatening an invasion of England. A French force had landed on the west coast of Ireland. Ire land was in. rebellion. And well she might be! She was tried beyond endurance! Her priests lived in the fear of death, or were shipped off to Barbadoes wholesale as slaves. Her people were stripped of their civil rights; none could vote for Parliament or Municipalities: none could hold office, civil or military. They could not even live like other men, for Limerick and Galway were denied them, no garrison town in Ireland would receive them, and wherever they settled the law forbade them to go a mile from the door without a passport. What a shocking state of things! Ireland's Marriage Laws, too, were a blot upon the very law of nature. A Protestant woman marrying a Catholic man was dead in the eyeB of the law. A Protestant man marry ing a Catholic woman subjected himself to the "Penal Laws." Catholic children were forbidden to attend a Catholic school; and a Catholic school did not exist in all Ireland. A Catholic could not inherit, nor be a trustee, without taking an oath which was contrary both to his religion and con science. An eldest son, by leaving the old Faith, could deprive his Catholic father of the power of making a will. And to bring about the destruction of the Irish Catholic gentry, the land was to be divided among the sons equally, and not to be bought, nor leased, for more than thirty-one years. Well might Catholic Ireland rebel! And she did! and this is what is meant politically by " '98." English Catholics were not much better off. I cannot give you a clearer idea of the con dition of Catholics in England, and the per secution they were going through shortly before 1798, than by quoting a passage from the trial of Bishop Talbot, the Catho lic bishop of London, and uncle to the Earl of Shrewsbury. The semi-official report says: " On Wednesday, February 27,1771, the Bight Bev. James Talbot was tried at the Old Bailey for exercising the functions of a bishop. Counsel for the prosecution addressing the jury, said: Gentlemen of the jury—The indictment which you have heard read gives you to understand the nature of the crime with which the defen dant is accused. All that can be required is that we should prove him to be a reputed Popish bishop, and that he wears a mitie, which is only worn by Catholic bishops. Now, to support this indictment, I have three different articles of charge. The first is that on June 10,1770, he said Mass and administered the Sacrament." (What a crime!) " Secondly, that he preached and administered Confirmation" (Just imagine!) " and thirdly, that he catechised a number of children." (Can anyone credit the ab surdity of such a charge ?) " The Act on which this prosecution is founded was made in the reign of William III., and is intituled ' An Act to prevent the growth of Popery.' The Parliament, to prevent the dreadful effects which might be apprehen ded from the kingdom being overrun with Papists, wisely passed this Act; in which all his Majesty's faithful Protestant sub jects are exhorted to use their utmost en deavors in extirpating so great an evil. It is the duty of every loyal subject to see that such people are punished, and such principles rooted out. The kingdom is overrun with Popish bishops, priests, and Jesuits, and I am informed that wherever there is a bishop of the Church of England the Papists have a bishop likewise; and that the person now before you is the Popish Bishop of London. It would be some extenuation of their guilt were they to practise their religion in private, in holes and corners, and concealed from the eyes of the world." Snch a display of bigotry in an English court of justice needs no comment. As a matter of fact, Catho lics were doing their best " to practise religion mnrivate, ia Jiolesj /Brnd .^or coniepB, oei^B,pud tlflhousetqpe, vpjjfc're fl^sens the ffiimtfy; #ut off/ifipnjL- the popodoois world. <arottnd them,' and;dimly Been, as if through a mist or in twilight as ghosts flitting to and fro." There was a hiding place for a priest in the house of every Catholic gentleman. Catholic chapels were built in retiredplaces—off the Ugh like that leading from the Parsonage to the Irwell, under Victoria Bridge ; up gloomy entries, like the Roman entry in ChurcfcStreet, Manchester; sometimes in garrets,; always upstairs, like Father Bfpomhead's chapel.in Rook Street; and often in real back slums, like Father Een nion's new church in Mulberry Street. In country places Catholics were perhaps a little better off. Catholic gentlemen often kept a chaplain in the house, and he did duty as a missioner for the country round. A Catholic ohapel was sometimes built by the squire or nobleman, but of course close to the hall, and to avoid unpleasant in quiries it was generally constructed so like the hall itself as to seem part and parcel of it. So that it must be ever remembered that the condition of English Catholics a century ago was not so much a period of persecution as a time for hiding. The Bishop op Baeharat.—On Christ mas morning the Right Rev. Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, arrived in Sydney from America. His Lordship, who has been travelling during the past twelve months, paid the usual visit to the Holy Father, and returned to Australia after spending some time in the States. He assisted at High Mass in Cathedral on Christmas Day, and after wards dined as guest of his Eminence the Cardinal, at St. Mary's Presbytery. At the Palace, Manly, the Cardinal also entertained him, many distinguished guests being in vited to meet him. Dr. Moore left for Ballarat by Monday's express. Mr. John Meagher, of Bathu^t, arrived by the same boat after a prolonged trip in Europe and America. 