BOERS AND BRITISHERS. RECOLLECTIONS OP AN OLD RAIL WAY GANGER IN THE TRANS VAAL. -“Illustrated Mail." To tell the truth, I neither admired nor pitied the hungry, shivering crowd of burghers, Uitlander volunteers, and bur gher "ghosts” that made up the Johan- nesburg commando to cope with the re cent native disturbances in Magatolaud, as it disembarked at Pietpotgietersrust, the, at that time, rail-head of the Zout pausberg line. The seeds of dissension had already been sown in the ranks owing to the rascally and slipshod way things had been managed, the officers, one and all, wrangling as to superiority, and to tally unable _to maintain discipline. I should have scood there longer gazing at the hopeless mess if it had not been that I was drenched to the skin after a ride from Pietersburg, and old Harry Swan, a British railway ganger, or " lengthsman,” as they are called, was endeavoring to get me away to his hut for a change and a drop of something to keep the cold out. "Fine lot of warriors,” I remarked sar castically, as wo moved off. " Ugly, dirty ruffians, I calls 'em," grunted Swan. “ Bare owd picnic they thought a having, I warrant. But it juht sarves 'em glad, says I, and I wishes 'em luck with owd il'Pefu—may he” "Hush," I asid. “Treason, Harry, treason.” The old man toned down a bit at my admonishment. " Well/' he continued thoughtfully, " I never, were one to wish a white man licked by a kaffir; but, jigger me! it do go agen the grain to see them commandants and field-cornets a fossicking about as if they was little orlmighties, instead of iggerant idiots what can't look a white man in the face. Lor, bless ye, I knows the rascals! but here’s your health, mister.” The neat dop made me cough and splut ter, but old Swan drained his cup witliout a wink. ' . " Not bad that,” lie grunted, " but not a patch on the stuff as we used, to get down in the colony on Hex Biver.- ' Now that was dop, if you likes! Them was the good owd days when South Africa was South Africa. And money! Bless ye, instead of ’em a-coming up as they does now, with the pay in small bags and notes, dealing it out to a blessed ticky, they used to dump a few barrer loads o’ suvrins on a sail and each man do a go-as-yer-please till he were more or less satisfied! We looked at nuthin’ under a half a dollar piece then.” How long Swan would have gone on with his alcoholic and financial reminis cences I am unable to say, for just at that juncture something beneath me gave way, and 1 was thrown from my seat across the hut. I made a grasp at the old man to save myself and brought him over as well. “ Hello, what’s happening now?” I said, as I picked myself up and helped him to his feet again. Swan rubbed his arm briskly for a mo ment, and then gazed ruefully at the rough floor boards which had for some reason, mysterious to me, suddenly collapsed across the corner where I had been .seated. " Them pets o’ mine up to mischief again, 1 reckon; but, bless ye, I aint got the heart to cuss ’em all said and done.” "Your what?" 1 cried, moving out of further harm’s way towards the door. “My pets, mister. You don’t mean to say as .you aint heerd of Swan's pets, and you been up along the line some five times now, aint it?” . I .nodded acquiescence. Strictly speak ing, I had heard of reference made on one or two occasions to Swan’s pets, but of their actual identity I was unaware. "I’ve heard them mentioned," I said; but I had no idea they came of such a dangerous stock as they seem to. I sup pose you to keep them outside under the flooring? What are . they? Babbits, guinea pigs, rats, or what ? "You aint much used to roughing it or veldt life at all. I’m reck’ning, or you’d a knowed a few of ’em afore now,” chuckled Swan. “Fust of all,” he began, "if you’ve heerd tho yarn afore, I dries up afore 1 starts, cos they says as I’m mighty fond o' telling it. Folks as has heerd it afore is allays a-nudging each other and coddling as if they hadn’t when I mention the sub jick." “ Well then, Swan, I’ll swear” "’Nough swearing on railway jobs with out you starting, mister. Anyhow, I be lieves you, so here goes. “ Of course I’m getting on in years now —nigh on sixty I count—and you was a youngster, I reckon; but anyhow you’ll have heerd tell of them days—twenty year ago nearlv—when we has that bit of a argy nient with the Boers, and, getting no srr ter 'satisfaction like, billets a few High landers in Pretoria just to show as how things didn't suit us somehow ?" “Just about that time,” continued the old man, “ I left the colony and did a tick up to see what like the country were. I had heerd of.gold up this way; so me and a pal shoulders our tdankets one fine day, and starts off. When we passed through Pretoria things was quiet enough, and no ono thought o’ much trouble ahead from the Dutchmen. “ Well, after two weeks easy going, we gets up to Smitsdorp—there worn’t no Pietersburg in them days—and after a few weeks' quiet prospecting of no great ac count, we arrives in the dorp one night to hear as how things was going serious since we left, and a British garrison established at Marabastad, some few miles off. Them Dutchmen looked at us uasty when we come in, and knowing the breed, J says to Jim, my pal, as how we should join our countrymen sharp as possible. All well and good, so me and Jim borrers a horse each from a farmer we knowed of—on the quiet sure enough—and manages to get in with the British lot in a couple o’ hours. The news had just come up of the lively times they was having in Pretoria, and the Cap’n—l forget his name now—was alooking a bit sick, I can tell you, as to our chances o’ getting out of it all right. Wo was only forty odd strong, and we knowed them Dutchmen 'd be playing freeze out afore long if we got no help to clear the country for supplies, cos they was shifting the cattle and mealies, and it. aint no joke to feed forty hungry sojers and keep ’em fit. “ Afore I goes further you must just understand as how we was placed. We are here now in Pietpotgietersrust, some i3O odd miles from Pretoria and Marabas tad, as you knows, lays still thirty north of this, 'making in all 160 from headquar ters. Well, things growed so warm and nasty like at last that the cap’n calls for volunteers to take despatches, as they calls 'em, to Pretoria. H we was to liowd the position we must get reinforced or igger minnersly clear out and get shot for the finish. When I says this. I looks across at Jim and I says, ‘ Are ye game, mate, for tho trip?’ “' Eight,’ he says, ‘ if you cares to chance it. May as well die in the open than starved like a lot .o’ rats in a hole.’ “ And the end of it were, me and Jim gets off one night and keeps away to tLe hills till morning, when we rests for a few hours, frightens an owd Kaffir 'ooman into giving us a bucket of mealies, and then on again. O’ course we had to keep getting on to the transport road for calling in at one of the few stores after dark lor ‘ skof.' Them storekeepers was good sorts, and if they did smell our game they never split, and allays give us the nod when Dutch men was knocking around. Anyhow, all went swimming for three days, till we struck a Btore kep’ by a Britisher, but only to find the place seemingly deserted, and the ' baas’ cleared out. J immy warned me to mind out and go easy; but being hungry at the time, and not over-wet, I walks across out o’ the bush as bold as brass, and enters the shanty. It hadn’t been built long; in fact, when we come up the chap as run the show was doing business under a bit of a sail till he had time to get properly started. As I was a saying, in I goes and knocks on the counter. I hears voices outside, but as nobody seems to be on duty aiyl them bottles a bit tanterlis ing, I just slips across the board and was a lifting a bottle for a good owd swig, intend ing to plank down later on, when two fel lers, Dutchmen! both en ’em, rushes in From the back and has me by the arms afore I’d half a chance to wet me whistle. " ‘ Hold hard a minit,' I says, landing out and stretching one of 'em across the counter. But the. other chap worn’t wait ing for his turn so easy, and just lands me one over the nut with his .whip-stock, knocking me silly for a time. Be happened to have a lot of pals out behind—the beg gars had been doing a 100t —sitting round the cook- shed fire enjying tlieirselves with hot corfee, gin, and sardines, a-mopping up the oil proper, the greasy warroints! “I knowed I were in for it hot in some way or ’nuther, and only hoped as Jim'd get clear with the papers, though I knowed as he’d not give me the slip unless forced tol Anyhow, afore they had me properly fastened up with bridle-straps as they’d lifted from the store, across comes Mister Jim to look for me and falls into the same trap; only he has a bit better show than mo to start with, and nearly puts one Dutchman to sleep for ever afore he was done up. Knowing a good bit of the Dutch lingo, I understood most of what was going on atween 'em, and the dop worn’t improving the chances for us by no manner o’ means. Then they started a-calling us blank blank rooineks and chucking .hot ashes on to us. burning our shirts —and skins ns well! I can tell ye, I should just have liked to have had a fair show with mo dukes for ,a couple of minutes with them rifles out’of sight! Me and Jim 'ud have cleared the floor o’ the scum in two ticks; like we done one night when we was up Kimberley way together, when ten hulking devils o' Dutchmen set on us in hi ell Morton's bar, just outside the town ship. Now voetzak, verdomde rooinek,' says one, meaning of course, as I dessay you know for Jim to clear out as sharp as he kuowed how to. Jim looks rounu at me as if to say, ' Shall I, mate?' “ ' Go, lad,' 1 says, ‘ and don’t' forgit what we was after; Til look after meself— good-bye.' " With that Jie turns round quiet like to clear; but I seed he were that mad leaving mo with them devils. Afore he gets twenty yards off one o' the Dutchmen gives the word, and bang goes live rilles. Through the smoke I seed poor owd Jim give a leap in ike air and then fall as dead us a herring! Them .cowardly hounds just laughed, and proceeded to ram down ano.xier charge, which I expected meant old Harry Swan's turn were coming next. “ ‘lf you are going to shoot me, for God’s sake, treat me as a man and not a dog,' I says. But the chap as had struck me turns round and says, ‘No, Mynheer rooinek, two big English buck iu one day is spoiling sport; so we keeps you for an other time.’ And with this they hoists me up atween 'em and carries me into the store and lays me up in a corner. Then they bolts up the door on to the road, and after •remarking somethiug about not wanting more sport till Sunday—it was Eriday then JL reckon—and having another estate to visit, they might not call for a time, and hoped as.l’d make myself at home till then. Afcer that they gags me, gives me a parting kick each—the hrst Dutchmen as had ever •.took the liberty, and the last while Harry Swan can watch it!—and clears out." Here Swan took a lengthy pull at his cup, and wiped his mouth with his shirt sleeve. " Not any more for me j'ust now," I said, as he held up the bottle insinuatingly. " I'm interested to hear how you got out of such a terrible predicament." “ Predicyment worn't no word for :t," he muttered. “ I were j’ust a coming to the part you wants to hear of; but I allays has to have a tot and ,a fresh fill afore I gets up steam to finish the. trip." "Well, resumed Swan, after he had fired up,” as fie termed it, and “got the regulator open," .'I, can, - tell you, :mister, 'tworn't pleasant like laying there with an empty-belly and a prospec o'. two days without 'skof' and a dose o’ lead to top up with, s’posing as I didn’t peg out aiore liand. " I were feeling dead beat anyhow, and it worn't long afore J goes off to sleep. When I wakes up it were dark us owd Harry, and I knowed as J must have slept a goodish stretch, seeing as how it were not midday when the Dutchmen left me. I'd fuddled about enough afore going off to know it were no go p. trying to get my arms and hands free, for them murderers had strapped 'em close down .to my body afore leaving, and my legs was tight up together as well. I-shifts my position as much as I could to ease myself a bit, end it were then I feels a lot of little things a running over one o’ my hands, and a tickling like blazes—just 'cos I worn't in no way able to scratch, I reckon. 1 gives a extry ecort to turn over a bit, when some thing gives all of a sudden like, and I feels the pressure slacken a goodish bit. No, you aint far wrong, mister. Them straps was busted sure as I sits here to-day and tells the yarn; though what proverdence’d done mo the turn 1 didn’t take no trouble to find out just then. In five minutes I were clear o’ the whole caboodle. I were as stiff as a rail, true; but that weared off afore long, when I finds a match in my pocket and lights up cautious-like for a squint round the shanty. All seemingly quiet, I opens the gin-case door leading to the back and peeps out, o’ course having a bit o' bush stuff I'd picked up from ; under tho counter handy in case o’ acci dents. O' course a durn rat just fixes on at that time to do a summerset from cne o’ the shelves with,a wump on to the coun ter, and very near scares what wits I has left out o’ my body. " Ah! them rcckiections s makes me boil," he went on sort of apologetically, picking up the plate he had sent flying on to the lloor. . " Well, to get on with the yarn, poor old Jim still lay out there stiff and cowd where he were murdered, aud I tells you I shivered as I thinked as what his body might look like if left there all the next ’ day in the baking sun. I had no time to loso if I were to keep clear o' the bullets; but I spares a hour just to dig a bit of a hole to dump my poor owd pal into, fust of all taking the paper off of him, as them hounds 'd never as much as gived him a parting kick as I could see. I asks ye, mister, what sort of a show has a Britisher had with them Dutchmen since? We as has made ’em evervthink what they is, and what is they doing for us at the present day? I respecs, law; I rcspecs order; but aforo I pegs out .1 hopes to see that time 1 when me and you, and all of ss'll wipe out what we aint had,a chance of doingproper up to now." "But tho pets?” I said, as .Swan brought his story to a conclusion and sat viciously puffing at his pipe, muttering to himself the while. " Ah, Swan’s pets, them as saved his life that night and tumbles you over just now —them's white ants. Ye see, that store keeper hadn't got no tar for the bottoms o’ the posts of his shanty like .nowadays, and my pets fixes on that there night for to do a fossick round like to seo as how much they could get away with afore the baas come back. Bless ye, mister, them l-{tie Warniints (going to .the collapsed corner of the hut floor and pulling forth a handful of the red, gritty crust with which these destroyers cover the object of their attack, together with a few wandering specimens of the tribe) 'll eat anything bar a steel rail, and a nice piece o' leather strap cr a j shoe is just their mark." 