(A SEA-SHORE IDYLL). •B'X 'MARION DOWNES.' (Concluded from last week:) ■ -CHAPTER III, Dawn broke at length on the lrevallyn coast. Its light revealed a group of people on the shore, whose wan faces told of it night of agonised suspense. Among them was a stranger who had . been Washed ashore an. hour before in an unconscious state, but who was now ■ pestered. One who Itad brought a brief message from rite sea: “Tell my wife— • csay-fhat Paul I.ecson-” And one : who stood among-them heard, and in the ; - fearing. knew ika: the light of her .life '- had gone out—that she loved; ihdegd. .but ■ too la te. ' - ■■•"/Ahl those were" dreary days that’ fol \- dewed. <!ays that merged into weeks and months. A, grelft change'.bad /come «to Monica during that time. Iter step was slower. Itc-r cheek paler, her manner even more listless; and into her dark \- .abundant iresse-s had come many silvery threads. She seldom spoke of her lost husband, but those who-lived with, her •hiiev that he wits never absent.'from her ■ -thoughts. .She used to take Jong, solitary walks .along the beach, always gazing • - seawards, as though in the*hope‘of. the sea giving lip its-.ddkd. One day she.'was sitting on a jutting’reek, lier head bowed, her hntjds clasped, -When -a sudden "noise sta rtledl bar. v:>•.. j\ ! /; V; • > " She turned justrinMiureMo' sdb -M boat "~orr r!xnii me iieljthboi-iniHhjbr- ijf'iouica strange fascination in -watelitui tM heap and shoulders, of. the ma:n in-the . boath^il'.eit he,,iWfuvva shabby .-.greatcoat ' . and 'Sfnweod cap. closely drawn over bis ;' ,-gars. She wondered, vaguely who: lie ^ . was, and what was familiar about lilm. . ^ijien she disntjssed him from lier mind, qnd gave herself up again to lier. own . sad thoughts.;" ' Although "nearly- four months bad . .passed since the waves had washed IMii " 2ip Maitland to. the Trevallyn shore, and although bis heme ar.d bis business lay in Sydney and called fpr his presence -' Vtliere. he was still at the “Trevallyn 5otel.” He was h frequent visitor to tiie.house on tiie-elili-top; indeed. Monk a ■ ■ b/tiii thim -C.-. /.Slii' i ■ v r C ml I cT nfhers. •'ijdmittrd him when-she excluded others, for-bad he net been' the. last .with lier. •Paul? And. y.-i.-tfully, Mouic-a. used to ■ a?k him to . tell it "all over again, and to try and remember, if Paul bad not said ■one word more. Oh; ivliat were the words which tti-:-tempest roar had stilled? She bad been, sobbed, .cruelly robbed: . would the sea .ever* make restoration to \- her?-. Her. grief for her. dead lmsbaud was so natural, so pitiful, that Philip MaitlandTionored lier all the more for it! ;.jFai££ time. Then he grew, weary of it. thought it was time she should dry lier tears, time she should.herself try to for get Paid, and give some or all of her thoughts, to himself instead. ... All this and more he tried-to tell her in his own fashion, but Mohica' was slow tci eompro 2iend his meaning, hud when at length (she did, both Piiiiip Maitiand and ins proposals met with such summary -dis .Hiissal as left him no further hope in jtkat quarter. •- ' ■ -• " •'■ ' -. - But Paul. Leesgn. was not dead, though fey this tinie.r'ue. news of his death bad fecome a' thing of the past: Though dur . ifig all this''time bis' wife refused to'be comforted. When that dawn broke, four motjtbs ago. be was lying in a cave on the •• ijglitbouse 'beach. Thither the waves bad washed their" unconscious burden on Sib preceding night,..poising him for an ' instant on the ridge df The topmost wa vo ,which ' laved the' iliiinitabie sweep of jbeehn beyond:, but.'as. if' iu• • liiuuane •mood..receding and casting the poor tired ■ ''feody tar.-far inland, where'it was no tpore -beaten ami-bruised,-but lay peace-, •fully. as indeed in" its long last sleep. jjeaeefullx—lint jempted' partly by the peaceful, beauty^of the morning, and \- partly by Vague curiosity, as to wliat the Btorm, might have driven iu, she bad wandered on till site reached the mouth of the cave. There, apparently lifeless, lay the man who had risked his life for feer husband's. Through the long night fife bad prayed for-Ms safety. She flung herself down beside him, drawing bis chill body close to her warm breast, and pillowing liis beau on her shoulder, while deep sobs burst- from her. “Ob. God.” she cried, “give mo back ills life: lie saved my Jack last night.” -.She half-dragged, half-carried, him out igto the warm .sunlight: she chafed liis iimbs till she saw-signs of returning life. Then she rushed home for the usual re storative,^ At last! at last! Thank God!.;' Paul Beeson draws a long breath ' and opens his eyes. He- is saved. -By • and bye he was sc- far* recovered as to lie able with her assistance to walk to the lighthouse, .which was not. very far dis tant. liis.first, words after lie hail eaten and rested startled her somewhat, ft “Mrs .Orr, my wife will have heard ■ fey-this time that I am drowned: you must not let her know that I am saved." ■ She stared-at him aghast: she thought the slock must have deprived him of ids senses. P.uf he went on calmly: . f“It seems a strange .request, no doubt, but I have a reason, for this. - Will you swear to me' ' Hint you will i . • keep my i existence " a' secret until I- choose to disclose it? It will only he for a time. 'Bromfetsiae.”: *.. “But, doctor, how can I keep it a se cret? People will he sure to find out. Where will you go?” - -,. . .. ’.He.interrupted her. “I have planned it. all. I will Stay with you-and your hus band;-! will disguisemyself" as an old •>; annn, and you can give out tliitt your fpther has come to visit you. I shall ivjveal my true so}£. >v;hen..the time comes. \- It yesis pvitii you ipici- Mi-'On- to keep ray 'epjeret,'j..r X<*fl ,'told me last night, did you kot,' that: you'hoped some day to reward, me for saving your husband's life?” ' “P did, Dr Beeson,” she answered. “I ;cija, never reward you Tor that." f ,.j;;He siiflled. “I.dpu't want-any reward. jgou know well; 4^ V°niy Mlid .my dtijy. , .fandid^y; oT fact, you have re “ly •warded, me, for 10 your care I muktn.-. J-fc-feb^d'for injS ilfe. 1 only reminded you ‘-<tf’y6ur words as a plea that f/byent would grant me this new favor.” ' : :. .There was lio help for it, and Mrs Orr ; <i|: longtii unwilliiigiy comjilicd, on con.ii that tire sv-jltk wifs only to he a teiu ■ ’•■ pbraiy one. ..vAnd .though a doctor- came over next • •• xubruiug to al.teuii,. tlie sick man, and. ; though tlie boats went hither and thither dil day'long, and men and women walked • • cvpr siioi:i.' and ciiff for miles around in search of a, lifeless body, no one dreamt .-- . of'Ipekia/ into +h? liglithouse cellar for a,living man. .So the weeks passed, and Mrs Oft' ami .bee husband kept the secret inviolate. More'than once the fisher folk "r .Hvdfi'iiered who that solitary boatman might be, Vr-ijo. . Wore a shabby, great coat amt a twoed'cMo'drawn closely over liis cars. But rumor supplied the answer .that Ire was only Mrs Orr’s father, and ihe sleepy 'nhahitams of Trevallyn troubled tiiemsoives no more about 'the mailer. Tetters passed between the sclf ■clected -stowaway at the lighthouse and lb's hatik -Ts and a.een'ts in Sydney,, and Tfiore than ore mysterious parcel arrived {jit the "lighthouse for Mr Matin. It would have disconcerted Philip •Maitland rather, had he known that on - the,:occasions of his visits to Monica, he was watched, and that, regularly as even ing foil, a tall man with .a. shabby great coat would fasten ills little boat securely ou the shore below, and would stand for hours opjjo'site the house of the late Dr .Leesou. It was on the evening of Malt-, lit nil’s dismissal by Monica that, as he bunged-io the gate angrily, and strode across the road, that tills watcher con fronted him. In tile dim starlight Mail land saw beneath a deeply- drawn tweed cap. a pair .of blue eyes and a heavy white moustache. •‘Pardon me. bat will you tell me where Dr. Kecson ia to be found?" enquired the stranger. - Maitland slaved at him. "Dr Leeson! lie is dead—drowned." "Drowned?" interrupted lie of the white moustache. • in a ’shocked voice. •‘Von don’t say that:’.When did it liap pen?” v ' - “Oh. four or five months ago.” Mait land answered carelessly. "Will you tell me the circumstances?” tlie other one asked eagerly. "‘I am an old friend of his.” • •' Briefly Philip,.Mtiitlauil-complied:- anil was moving off’ impatiently, when the stranger laid a detaining hand on his, sleeve. •: ; ' “WhatjlKieiime'ot: tile Voung inan whom Paul Leeson i-.fhrftijl "the life- lntoy, to? Where is he amw?-”? L - ‘ ’ • ' "1 sin -he!” xf’v i-‘‘ : ■•’ ’ • “You? And you li;mc remained here, over since? 'Why. wlVat ath'.-igtiun-quii a dlill hole like this have for a young fel low like, 'youV". ' i, Philip ; Mnithind'-s glatiee wandered involuntarily towards the -house-he had just left. '■ His companion's,eyes followed his’-gaze. , ■ “Ah, I see,’-’ lie-remarked iii an'iuuief toue. “Widow, young? pretty; is not that SO?” . - , • . -*•> lA’• Maitland gave,tho.jihm eyes anil white moustache a.quick. }}euo,tral.iug; glance, j “A harmloss'dld fellow,” he said to him self. His liexfwiVrfls’t-arne with a jerk, “Yes. far too pretty and young to waste !>er life laying oyer a dead husband," he-; answered moodily, .. • “Oh. bur slie woifi do that," answered, (he ’other quickly.’ .'j •;I>m - she will, though.” . . ■ ■ “Ilow. dii you know?" • “Know? Haven’t-1 done all in my power to make her forget him?’" ; "Auil you moan to say that you did not-, succeed ?” The voice had a far-off .sound, to the speaker. “Succeed?” answered Maitland, hit ierly. “To-night, when 1 spoke plainly of love to her—1 hinted often enough be fore—Inn she never would understand me —do-night, when 1 spoke out. plainly, sin- Hew at me like a tigress, and told me to leave her and never come near her again.” "Then she really loved Paul?” the other said dreamily. The young man started at: the ques liou. and at the questioner. “I don't think we have much rensou to doubt that.” be answered.'with a roueh of sarcasm. t The grey-coated man seemed to fall into a reverie, and Philip Maitland, feeling strangely uncomfortable, was again about to move off, when he was again stopped. “You- are the mail'that Paul •l.’eeson saved or helped to save?" “I am." “H’m. You feel grateful to him, no doubt?” “ Of course. Why ? ” Philip added, impatiently. "A queer old lisli. this.” he was saying to himself: “where on earth did he spring from?” “Why? Oh. nothing—only a rather queer way of expressing one’s gratitude to the dead ultra-to try and make his wife forget him.” riiilip Maitland waited to hear no more.. : He was several hundred feet away by this time, conscious of a queer, eerie sensation, as of one who had just llit•lt'l communion with a ghost. Though th«. uiirhr w:i,s,a_wnrm, one,. Jicg-bivsi-gil, clear’ out of ’ tlie blessed place’ by tin.' first, train to-morrow.” 