ROUND THE CAMP-FIRE. ^.Wellichaps, I'll tell jroujhe strangest thing that ever happened to me in my ? travels. In the summer of 1881 I was coming down with cattle from the Gulf and, falling out with the man in charge, left them at Teliowie station. Inquiring for work on the station, I was told about a good and sure thing in contract fencing on YaVdea station, sixty miles away. ?* But,' said a station hand, 'there is only one tank of water between this and Yardea, and it s forty miles from here ; so take a tnkxl waterbae if you so.' The next morning, with a good waterbag -attd^threedays tucker in my swag, 1 started tot Yardea It was pretty hot, but the track was hard, and good for walking, winding along the inulga-covered hills and stnkingxacross ? down I reckoned that I'd done good twenty nve miles, \and, satisfied with jny day's walk, stopped and pitched my camp under / a big myall tree. I made a billy of tea and ' hung up the waterbag on a dried-up limb, safe from ants. The stars began to come / out, and the wind died away. Everything became still and quiet, and, feeling tired, I went to bed. It must have been midnight when 1 was awakened by the most ungodly scream that a man ever heard, followed by another heartrending cry of mortal agony. I sprang to my feet, ner vously pulling my Colt's revolver out of my pouch ready to shoot. But I saw nothing to alarm me. The moon was shining brightly half-way in the sky. Black shadows of myall trees contrasted strongly with white sand and quartz pebbles ht up by silvery moonshine. Not an object moved. The screams still con tinued, with a native word or two between It must be blacks murdering somebody,' thought I. Surely it's not a ghost. After awhile 1 cautiously made my way in the direction of the sounds. As I apptoached the screams suddenly stopped, and although I inspected the place for half a mile around, I couldn't find anything. Vexed and disgusted I went and turned in again. U was late in the morning when I got uu and wentto get my wateqbag. Holy Moses ! There wasn't a drop of water in the bag. Did it leak away? I looked at the ground. It was dry, but there were tracks of naked feet about. Blacks had evidently drank my water-and the nearest tank was lo miles away ! But there was no help for it ; so I rolled up my swag and started for the tank as briskly as I could. 1 he sun was scorching hot that day I was as dry as a limekiln before 10 o'clock, and became thirstier with every mile I walked Still I kept on, and about 3 o clock 1 came to a tank, full of splendid clear water. I camped there that nieht' 2*ext morning, after lighting a good fire, I took a towel and went to the tank to enioy the luxury of a good wash. Coming back to the camp, I was surprised to see a thick smoke issuing from it, and, on running over saw my blankets, shirts, and coats pil«d on the fire. Again I saw tracks of tiiLlrpri trait*, nil fha m*m*»»*J «. ? i . * i ? ? ^« ^vv VX1 uiit khjuuu, nuu, UlCKHlfif UD my revolver, I followed them. They led me for about a hundred yards, straight towards a solitary myall tree, on nearing which I heard the same ungodly screams that had previously startled me, but followed now by laughter and clapping of hands. On looking up I saw grinning at me through the leaves a blackgin, a living skeleton, and mad as a hatter. I never felt such a murderous desire to shoot a human being as I did on that occasion. I looked at her,^You cow !' was all I could say. E. De Quinney.' 