'.ONLY a FLIRT, . PUBLISHED BY '<PEUIAL ARBANGEMBNt By MRS. JOCELYN, Author of "Drawo SLih." ' Honeymoon," -A Rcgulnr Fraud," "The Griton Hunt Mystery, " "Juauita Carrlntuu," 'Ao., ko. COPYRIGHT. i . CHAPTER NJX.— ( Contimud.) THERE was a silonee just Ion- enough to. he felt. Ho wns surprised. Tho girl was a muss of contradictions, it seemed to him ; hut tlmt fact made her only tho mora attractive. It is kind of you to sny that,' ho said, gently, after that little pauso, ' Thank you — Sybil,' Again there was a pauso, during which Sybil's broath camo quickly, and her companion watolied nor surrep titiously and gravoly. ' All tho snmo you must not think I am going to continuo daBhing off lottors to overyono I know, as I used to do when I was younger,' she returned, having recovered hersolf with an effort. ' I nm sure Aunt Edith would disap prove of my doing so, and I oxpoot sho would not be far wrong.' ' How have you aud that good lady been pulling along together Binco I saw you lust f ' ho inquired. ' By your tone of voice it 'would soem thnt sho is not much move dearly lovod thira she used to he, und that there is not much more cause for you to love her.' Sybil laughed, ' Sho would ho cross if she knew thnt you had spokon of her as " tlmt good lady," ' she returned, 'I expect she would,' agreed Julian Harrington. ' Be sure you do not tell ker.' ' Of course I shall tell her. It is' the first thing I shall do when I go in,' returned Sybil. ' HJduly warned you that I am always oitnor saying or doing tho wrong thing.' 'I am not seriously alarmed,' he replied. Then after a moment's pauso, ' How well old Forester is looking, I never saw him look bettor.' Sybil leant forward and patted her horse's neck. 'Yes, is ho not?' she agreed. ' And he has been carrying me splendidly, Only I am afraid his poor old nose is put quite out of joint by my now horso. You have not seen Marten yet, have you ? Ho is a real treasure.' 'No, I have not soon him,' replied Captain Darrington. ' But I heard of the way ho carried you yesterday. It socms that he and his rider are alike undcfcatable ; and I can quito believe it. I remomber woll tho way in which she rode, in tho days when she and I were not particularly good friends, and had hardly said -<x consecutive words to each other.' Ho looked fixeuiy at her as he said it, and slowly an extra tinge of pink rose up into Sybil's cheeks 'My father is a dear,' she said, quickly ; perhaps to cover that touch of confusion. 'But he ought not to talk nonsense to people about my riding. It makes ono feel and seem so foolish. Really last night he spoko as if no other young woman had ever jumped a fence, or taken a line of liar own across a piece of country sho could have almost found her way over blindfold.' 'And do you know how very low young women, or old ones either, really do take 0 lino of their own ? ' he inquired. ' I have hunted a good deal, and with a great many different packs of hounds, hut I can only remember two or three women who took tlioir own line and tuck to it.' ' I cannot understand that,' returned Sybil. ' I cannot understand what real pleasure there is in riding another person's lino. It sooms to mo like play ing the bass in n duct, or a game of croquet with a partner who insists on doing all the hoadwork. They may he much more capable of taking the lead than you, and probably they are ; but they also take all tho interest of the thing out of it, and one would prefer feeling interested, oven if in tho end one was defeated. At least I should. Iam sure of that.' ' So am I,' replied Captain Darring ton, with a smile. 'And I do not think there is much fear that you will often find yourself obliged to play second fiddle.' At that momenta gentleman cantered up to them from behind, and although Sybil could have gladly dispensed with his society just thon, Captain Darrington did not know that. All thnt ho know was, that he had to play that second fiddle ho had been speaking of, all tho rest of tho way to the meet, and that by tho timo lie arrived there ho felt anything but kindly towards young Sir Gcorgo Crossloy, whoso part it had been to play first. CHAPTER XX. Most Unfortdfati'..' ' Sybil, door, this is really most un fortunate,' said Miss Jane Desmond, in an extremely worried tone of voice. She and Sybil were standing noar the fire in tho Vimpton drawing-room. They wore both in ovening dross. ' I will go, Aunt Jane,' replied Sybil, gently. 'Do not worry uboutit. It will really do just as much good if I go, as if you do, because I am sure I know exactly what ought to bo dono. And meanwhile wo will send ono of tho grooms into Muddloton at once for Dr. Simpson.' Thank you, dear, but tlmt is not to he thought of for a moment,' returned her aunt with decision. 1 There is a nasty east wind, and vour cough is hardly gono yet. I cou!d not think of allowing you to go out at this timo of night. No. I must go, and go at once. _ You must explain tho mattor to Captain Darrington, and tollhiml shall not be away long. It is -unfortunate that your father and Edith are dining out to-night, but it cannot ho liolpcd.' Sho moved briskly away as alio spoko, in tho direction of tho. door. She was a woman who at all times could bo relied upon to act as woll as to talk, and tho case in hand we- urgent and admitted of no delay. Sybil mado - half stop after her. Tho colour flickered up into hor face, died out, and returned. Sho draw a long breath, and gavo a glanco round the room as if she was a nowly-cagcd jhird looking for means of escape, 'l'liou she said quietly, ' Very woll, Aunt 'Jane, I will toll Cuptuin Darring ton. I mu sure ho will not mind.' Bliss Jauo Dcsmoud was in a hurry, and tlio door was closing on hor re treating forin as tlioso. last words of Sybil's reaohed hor ears. It closed and she had gone. Sybil was alone. Sho gave a nervous littlo laugh. ' He will not mind,' sho rcjicqtod to herself, and thon laughed again. ' No, ho will not mind.' Tho door opened again. Syhil drew a long panting breath. She wished Aunt Jauo had not gono, and yet she would not havo missed this chanco tete- a-tete had slio hod it in hor power- to do so. . No inducomont in tho world would have made hor give it up. It was only Jaokson and Thomas with tho coffee. "\Vhou they had dopnrted sho still re mained standing by tho firo, slowly stirring tho sugar at tho bottom of her coffee oup. She was so solf-oonsoious at that moment that sho was actually woudoring whether Jackson and Thomas had noticed tho manner in which sho had looked round wlion they had entered, or how foolish she hod folt when she hod scon that it was only them. Sho hud forgotten all about tho coffco, and had also forgotten that it was unlikely that Julian Darringtou would como into tho room just thon. Thoy hod hut just loft the dining-room when that message had arrived for Aunt Jane which had called hor immediately away. It would probably ho ton minutes or a (pun ter of an hour before ho would join hor. She glanced at tho olock and dcoided this, judging by hor oxperienoe in tho post. But in that past Captain Desmond, and often some othor gontlcmen, had been in tho diniug-room to keep Captain Darrington compuuy ; and on this occa sion ho wns alone, lie was not especi ally fond of his own sooioty, and had had more than he cared for of it during tho last three mouths ; he was at all times next door to being a teetotaler, and altogether the drawing-room, with Sybil in it, seemed more attractive than tho empty dining-room. Ho had been ten UayB at "Wimpton sinco his return there, and daring those ton days ho had arrived at tho deoision that there was no doubt as to whether Sybil was attractive or not. He was in love with her. Ho therefore mode his way to the drawing-room, and entered it just as Sybil was deciding that it would bo ten minutes or more before he would bo likely to put in an appearance there. She tried to smilo at him as ho approached hor with a calm littlo smile ; but whether she succeeded as woll as she intended or not is doubtful, because his unexpected entrance had flurried her. .Sho rushed headlong into tho explana tions with which she had boon fortify ing herself in imagination. ' Aunt Jnuo is so sorry,' she began, almost before ho reached tlio hoarthrng. ' But ono of the children at tho 60utli lodge has had a fit, and sho has been obliged to go there at once and see what can be done. Thoy always sond for Aunt Jhno in tho village here if anyone is ill. They say she knows more than any of tlio doctors ; and I really think she docs, especially in the case of child ren.' Ho hardly took in what had boon said. Ho had not oxpcctod to find hor alone and to bo ablo to tako a good long look at her, as ho was doing just then. Ho thought he had never scon a prettier, picture than that slight, somowhat girlish figure in its simply white silk frock. It was cut away a littlo at tho nock, and she wore a thin gold chain, beaded here and thoro with pearls round hor full white throat. Thnt and a bluo sash tied round her waist were hor only ornaments; but sho needed no others. They wore onough ; thoy and hor lovoly eyes and her wealth of soft, fluffy, golden-brown hair. Her dark eyelashes, the touch of roso in her cheoks, aud the oxtrcmc whiteness of hor skin, all added their little touches towards making a vory attractive whole ; and that Syhil Desmond was fast becoming a rcmarkubly pretty young lady othor pcoplo had iiiscoTcred as well as J ulian Darrington. That ho had discovered it wns very apparent. Had it not boon for tbo fact that these two were in tlio middlo of a very decided flirtation, and that Sybil hud pot scorned adverse to it, the man- nor in which ho was looking at hor just then might have been said to be impertinent. Bat then ho had received a certain amount of encouragement; had ho not dono so ho would not have veuturcd to ray so plainly by his oyos thnt ho could go on looking for over, and had norer in liis life saen anything he cared to look at so much before. Tho man was a gentleman ; and when a man is a gentleman ho knows how to treat a lady in a manner pleasing to herself; or, rather, ho knows how to avoid making himself disagreeable by attempting to be too agrccablo. Sybil moved listlessly, mot his glance for half a second, and thin looked into the firo. ' She will not bo long,' sho added, hopefully. ' I know sho will come back as quickly as she can.' 'Will sho?' raid Julian Darrington, softly. ' And are wo in a great hurry for her return ? ' Sybil made no reply. . She wns still looking into tho fire, and her breath was coming and going quickly. 'Are wo?' ho repeated. 'I know that I am not, Sybil. I like Miss Des mond extremely, but I like you n hundred thousand times hotter.' Again thoro wns a silence, and at last Sybil slowly raised hor long dark eye- laslios, and her eyes met his. . Just for a second or two, and then they fell again. .Thoro was a bright touch of roso in hor cheeks, and an expression on hor face which mado . hor look quite beautiful At tlmt moment there was nobody in all tlio world more linppy than Sybil. During tho last wcok sho i had- been -learning that ihii man she' loved was in love with her. It was an' j idea which up till then had never for a ' moment occurred to lier as being possible;7 Until a few days ago sho bnd believed that he wns-iuorely wishfiil to bavo a littlo flirtation and thnt was all. It had beou partly bocnuso anything more had seomod too much happiness to'bopos- siblo, and partly bocnuso sho possessed a great fund of common sense, and a very kcon perception, that she had told hersolf thnt sho had thrown away her heart whore it would not ho ncccptnblo. But now ovorything had altered. This wns not the first, fimn flint lw, 1,«,1 told hor that lio liked her a hundred thousand timos bettor than lio liked somobody olso, and in doing so had im plied that ho loved hor, as plainly as it was possible for it to bo dono without putting it into notual words. And Syhil had thrown all hor common sense thoughts' to tho winds, and was in tensely happy in consequonco. ' Wonderful ns it was, it was all going to come right. Sho had no doubt Rbout that any longer. Why sho was quito ' so sure about it sho hardly know her solf ; hut it is not improbablo thnt tho faot that Sir Georgo Crossloy had asked hor to marry him, had mado her realise j- thnt it was not quito impossible or iin-; probable that another man might do so ' also. . I And Captain Darrington had certainly 1 lod her to suppose that ho admired hor . exceedingly. Ho had dono more ; lie had hinted a dozen timos or more that ho was vorymuoh in love with her, and to Sybil it now seemed that it could all mean but ono thing : he woe going to ask lior to bo his wife. | As to whether he was rich or poor, Sybil nover gave a single thought. Sho lovod him ; and at hor ago love or hate „ means everything. Details mattered not at all ; it wns the man himself sho cared for, and sho know that hor wliolo future life would bo a blank if it hud to bo lived without hiui. ! And slio was oven more sure of it than over when the noxt moment his arm stole round hor wnisfc and drew her olosely to liis side. ' Syhil, Sybil,' ho said, you are the very prettiest and dearest little girl in all tho '-arid. I love you. I love you.' I There was a longer silence. -nan those othor two. With a littlo gasping sigh- sho had hidden hor face against his arm. To have spoken would linvo boon im possible. Sho was so linppy thnt she was frightened by her happiness, aud if sho had either «d or laughed at that ' moment it is certain she would havo oried. He tried to raiso her face so as to look into it ; hut sho buried it agninst his sleeve and would not lot him. Hail he known all that sho wns feeling at tlmt , moment ho would not have ventured to make anothor attempt, but he did not know, and tho second timo he succeeded i Thoir eyes met, and hers had nq expression in them which he had nevcg seen in the eyes of any other woman I It was a look which came from -tho I girl'e very soul, and it brought Julia® i Darrington sharply up to his bearings. I He was not at heart a bad man. Ho j was in lovo with Sybil, and found j : pleasure in flirting with lier ; but ho had / belioved that Bho wns not adverse to a - j- littlo flirtation, and that therefore there ' / was no especial harm in it. j That sho would think that ho was in ' earnest and wished to marry hor had-no) occurred to him until ho looked down ' iuto those lovoly eyes of Sybil's, and read in them that eho was prepared to ' make an idol of him. It camo upon him' : SB a shock. Ho had so long been nccus. tomcd to looking upon himsolf as a non- 1 marrying man that it had not seemed! possiblo that it would ho supposed ho ) would bo likely to marry. Besides, ho ! was a comparatively poor man, and! even if ho did not wish to marry, ho ! really did not see that it would bo; possible unless ho married n woman who bad monoy. ; No father or guardian would havo- anything to say to him. Besides, hoj really could not marry; there wero- inany reasons which would mako it! undesirable. All the same ho had no j wish to causo Sybil a moment's pain, I and that look in. hor oyea hid thrilled ; and shaken him more than even ho. quite realised at the moment. Ho put her gently away from him. without kissing her, as ho had certainly j intendml to do. 'Forgivo me, Sybil,' I he said; ' I ought not to havo done that.' For a moment Sybil's heart seemed ' to stand quite still. For a moment sho ( stood just where sho was, and an icy \ chill camo all ovor hor. She lived hal£! a lifetime in that moment, and crossed; the harrier whore joy and sorrow mcot.( Her dream was over, her idol lay! shattered at her feet, and sho 'had nothing left but a half-brokeii heart and a pride which nothing cijiild over defeat. It was all over; but sho had some-' thing elso to do than to think of her; own miserable pain just then. Thoi man she loved had mado a fool of lier,! and sho knew it ; but he must never know. The thought of the glance of eelf-reproach and pity which had como over his handsome faco as their eyes liail met, maddened Sybil Desmond just then far more than the fact that sho would ho miserably unhappy for weeks and months and probably years to come. Sho had a part to play, and without more than that moment's pause, she began to play it. Sho had mado a mist toko, aud it must bo reotificd at once. Sho moved a step forward and placed ono of her feet in its pretty littlo shon upon the marblo kerb fender. - Sho smiled. ' I really have nothing to forgivo you for,' eho said. 'If it was wrong to — to do that, tho fault was quite as much mino as yours.' Ho was surprised. Ho ' looked curiously at hor. "What had happened ? Could this bo tho samo Sybil as tha ' Sybil who had looked into his oyes a fow seconds ago ? It seemed impossible. < Sho turned and looked at him and laughed. 'What is tho matter?' sha inquired. 'You look as if you had scon q ghost.' 'Do I?' ho replied. 'WcB, I em puzzled, that is all. I cannot under, stand you.' to bb coNrnnjBn. XS 2 I Poet : " I hopo you have roooivod the littla volume of poems I ventured to -end you." . Baroness: " Indeed, I bare ! Itie obsrm- ing ! I wonder where I have put it." Little Karl: "Undor tho leg of the table, ' mamma, to make It steady."' , Young author (to editor) : " Getting a pub- lienor, I havo heard, Is the most difficult thing iu authorship." Editor: " I' don't think so." Author : " Ah, you encourage mo. What, then, ie the most difficult P , Editor; " Gotting readers.", — Tj 