' The Thomas Benefit. GOOD HOUSE. A benefit concert, the prooeods of which are to be given to Mr Gus Thomas, was held in the Temperance Hall, Penrith, on Thursday sight. There was a very good hoase. Mr Thomas has, through illneas, bean unable to follow his oooupation for some considerable time, and an energetic committee, most of whom took part in the ' ooneert, deoided to tender him a benefit. The stage was nicely decorated with greenery, eto., and during the first part of the programme all the members of the eompany ocoupied seats on the stage. The more active performers, of course, wore the " tambos " (Messrs Donkin and Cochrane), and " bones" (Messrs Alec Perritt and Daniels), all of whom played a great part, by their funnyiems and tomfoolery gener ally, in keeping the audience in good humor. Mr J Tipping was interlocutor, and carried ont his datieB in a creditable manner. The nroRramme was opened by a selection " Lucretia Borgia " given by Messrs Hill and White's orchestra, after whioh the whole company sang " Ooms where the Moonbeams Linger, whioh was loudly applauded. Mr Harry Smith followed with * Fiorina Maurino," whioh was also rewarded with applause. Mr Alec Porritt received an encore for his rendition of the comic, "It never could happen there." Miss E Plummer, a little girl, came next and aang "Danny Murphy's Daughter Nell." She was loudly applauded and was forced to return, when she re^eat&d; the last verse. A very entertaining item was Mr Jack Donkin's comic, " Have you seen her," for whioh he was boisterously applauded. In response to an enoore he sang something in whioh he told the audience ''We've been touohin' of 'em," whioh, of course, pleased the latter very muob. " I don't want to play in your yard" waa nicely given by the Misses Ellison, and their piece was indeed well ohoapn. Mr Dan Daniels' number was " The Addick Smoker's Daughter," the good rendition of which was responsible for his re-appearaiioe. Another comic was given in happy style by Mr E Cochrane, who sang of •' a wickod young woman who wouldn't leave him alone." The first part of the programme was abruptly brought to a oloae by a " tambo " and " bones " arguing over some " gag" or other, and in the midst of it the ourtain fell and the offeot of the joko was lost. The second part was ushered in by Messrs Hill and White's orohoBtra playing an operatic ■eleotion, " Crown Diamonds," whioh was followed by Mr S Byrnes, who contributed a Btep-dance, for whioh he received ap- | plauie. Mr Daniels, who was attired like a oolored female boss on a slavo plantation, next invited them to *' Come Down by the Gate." The song took well, and Mr Daniels, in response to an encore, sang another long. A oomio recitation was essayed by Mr Shepherd, who kept the audience in good hutuor. He, too, met with a round of applause, and, on re appearing, gave another, " Pat and tho Pig," in which he was equally successful. A violin solo by Mr E White was one of the best items of the evening, bringing forth genuine applause. The next number was described on the programme as a " Knock about Speciality," by Mr Donkin, and it was indeed such. That gontloman sang j " He Wore a Worried Look," in oharaoter. j On being re-called ho appeared in a different I tog, and after many spasmodic attempts to ] start he gave a verso of a familiar song in a ■ hiuhlv falsetto voice, for which he was compelled to re-appear, when be demon strated various methods of giving recitations. MiBS E Plummer's second contribution was •• Teaching MoFadyen to Waltz," whioh was equally aa well sung as ber previous effort, and, aa an encore, the singer reponted the UbI verse. Another oomio, " I was Led Like a Lamb," was entrusted to Mr Alea Perritt. He was enoored, when be gave •< Bona of tbe Sea." Tbe last vocal items of the evening were rendered by Mr E Cochrane, who sang " Fancy Meeting You," and (an an enooro) " More Work for tbe TJuduriaker." After a short interval the Bide-eplitting absurdity entitled " Nice Q'uet Lodgings" was given. Mr Hokas Pukaa (Mr Donkin) was tbe lodger, and tbe keepbr of tbe residence was one Mrs Nanny Napps (Mr Daniels). In the oourse of the farco everything went averse to tbe lodger's wisbea, be being " fired oat " and haunted by ghosts several times, and is being Btrung up to a beam when the curtain falls, and tbe audienoe make their way out. Daring tbe evening Mr Tipping, on behalf of tbe company, thanked tbe audienoe for their attendance, and explained the reaaon for whioh tbo oonoert bad been arranged. He also apologised for tbe absence of sevoral performers, whose names were on tbe programme, but who, through iilneas and other oanees, could not take part. Tbe oonoert was succeeded by a danos, to irbiob a goodly number remained. 