FEMININE FASHIONS AND ; FOIBLES. Fey scissors and quill.1 It is not a little singular that for every titled man who writes thero are at least three titled women writers. There are, perhaps, only two dukes win have over dabbled in letters to five duchesses whoso names aro known through the press ; and, wiuio tnere is only one earl who can claim to be a man of letters, there are no less than ton countessos who ply clover pens. 'Che army of women authors with titles includes some who may claim to make a profession of the pen. Lady Colin Campbell has for many years been one of the most industrious of the journalists of to-day, and writes with clever ness and grace on a wide ringe of subjects interesting ts her sex. Lady Violet Grevillo wields an equally busy pen, aud her name is familiar in the columns of many of our journals and maga zines. ; Lady Constance Howard is a recognised authority on all women's subjects, from the cut of a bodice to a point of courtship etiquette. Laly Jeune, the many-giftod wife of the President of tho Probate Court, contributes 1 articles by the score to our loading reviews all sucial subjects. Lady Helen Crareu is perhaps tho youngest of society authors : although she has barely emerged from her teens she has written at least one novel of great promiso. Sho loves her pen much more than society, and is as industrious as she is clever. Amongst coronetcd writers the Countess of Jersey takes, u very high plaee. In spite of the thousand and one elaims of society and of her varied works of charity, she has found time to write several charming books-, for children, tnmy clever poem*, and some articles of travel. The Marchioness of Duflerin and Ava is anothor talented society writer, with liter ary gifts almost a* marked as those of her distinguished husband. Her books on 'Our viceregal Life in India and of hcr.Cauadian experiences are marvels of graphic and interesting pen work. The Hon. Mrs. Arthur Hennicker wears part at least of the mantle of her father, known to the world of writers us Mr Monckton Milnos, the 'Maecenas' of a generation or two ago. Mrs Hennicker has been President of tho Society, of Women ; Journalists, ana his written four clever novels, in addition to much journalistic work; ' ? ? . ? * Mrs Meyncll, sister of , Lady Butler, is in front rank of women writers, and is perhaps the very busiest of womon journalists. She has written largely for the magazine, arid has still found time to produce several books. She and her husband, Mr Wilfred Moynell, are perhaps the nnst literary couple in England. The beautiful, and gifted Countess of Warwick is as skilful with a pen as .with a horse. Her ' Life of Joseph Arch' is sym pathetic arid cleverly written. ' The Duchess of Sutherland, like her brother, Lord Rosslyn, has decided literary cifts, as was proved by her chirming book of travel, ' How I Spent my Twentieth Year,' ... The Countess of Munster is a specialist in ghosts, and writes oreepingly of all things ?weird and uncanny. She has written a few novels and more ghost stories, and is a de lightful old lady in spite of her specialising in ' spooks.' The Duchess of Abercorn and the Coun- - toss of Pembroke and Bradford have written lovingly and learnedly on their family his- : ?tories. ? ? - ? : From an American paper, I cut tho fol- ? lowing : — 44 All sorts of labor- sayitig devices! and arrangements are now brought out.for ? the convenience of tho busy women of to- ' duy. Among tho most recent and really: helpful : of these may be reckoned the pic-' torial label, which is destined, to. take the place of the hand-written labels whioh used to distinguish the different preserves arid jellies stored in the fruit closet from each other, and which took so long to pre pare. Many a weary, busy, hurried house keeper will bless the pictorial label this.' summer, and so will, many a vacation^ hungry boy or girl, who, in other- seasons, had been pressed unwillingly into the' ser vice of writing out fruit labels. The pic torial label is simplicity itself. The coloured representation of thefruit indicated explains its object and purpose alone. There is nothing to contuse the eye of the housekeeper as she runs it over the shelves of her preserve closet in search of a par ticular fruit. Some of the designs shown possess a high degree of artistic merit as well. The labels can be used but onee, but thoy can be purchased very cheaply, and come all gummed and ready to attaoh. It is safe to say that many a progressive and well-occupied housekeeper w;ll make liberal use of them this year, and the fact that tho fruits which they distinguish may bo re cognised much more quickly and readily by means of their aid than with that of the old time written label, constitutes no insignifi cant point in their favor. A woman who had seen much of the : world was asked on one occision why plain girls'often got married sooner than handsome ones. To which, she replied that it was owing mainly to the tact of the plain girls and tho vanity and want of tact : on tho part of men. ' How do you make that out?' asked a gentleman. . ' The -plain girls flatter the men, to please their vanity; while the handsome ones wait to bo flittered-by the men, whodiaven't tho tact to do it.' The ne .vest idea in foreheid fringes is to have one attached, all-ready, to tho boat ing or cyolihg hat. It is curled so securely that the lit' le rings of hair keep in posi tion, whatever the condition of the wentber may bo. A cyclist who wears a curly fringe of her own hair is apt to present a rather dilapidated appearance on an extremely hot day or after- a heavy shower. But tho question is, if this chance ia not preferable to that of losing, both hat aud hat fringe io a gale of .wind, and- fh'acovering to .all i spectators tho want of attachment botwccu hair and liead ? i , ? . 