' pre&ch;!ng Wm^1hbrS - The Be v. Thomas ChompooBs is a typical ' John Ploughman.' Put hini in n smock j fropk,^ and his'.^oiikl. houiely face, nnd J LaDpasliire ' dialpct. would ' cii^pl^e! the picture. In Sydney*,' last; 'week days the. 8\. D. Telegraj-1C)._ ho met a meeting of ministers It is , not . ftn easy ta,-k far/ a preacher to lecture preachers. . But Mr. Ch&mpness;' collbquial style captivatfed '|iis . audiehee lrom the first sentence. '* They laughed at Ms quaint humor, bubbling Over aBitdid/in.almost every sentence '.they- enjoyed his homely wisdom ' as it came ripplingiorth in aphorism and fepiffrain t'th'ey ? were struck withlhe natural' simplicity of the'man ; and not less impressed with bis apparent sincerity and earnestness. ?^'?Jjetus try and think we are religious jieoplfe,' and do without' clapping,'' 'said Mr. Champness, in reply to the applause which greeted him as he rose to speak. ' Clapping is all vkty well in its way, bill I ilon't 'euro about it.' Then he gave out ahyran. ' No angel ohoir in Heaven,', he interjected, ' can please Jesus like a choir of preachers who stag with their hearts in the words. The angels have never been on the' plan. (Laughter.) ' They don't owe Him what we owe him.' Coming to his address, he said he wanted to look at some of ' the charac teristics of success — those things which helped ordinary people to succeed. Tliev were not extraordinary people. The Apostle's were only ordinary men. There was only one king skittle in the set. Ordinary preachers do not look sufficiently after their health. . Yale lecturers might do worse than show preachers how to have the right kind of bodies. Christ took pains to use His body aright. He didn't do as some of them did — work themselves into their graves before their work was dpne. There was no man to whom one day's rest in seven was more of a duty than the preacher. They should keep one day in seven, if only for the sake of their wives, to keep them out of widows' weeds as long as possible, and to keep their own obituary notices out of the conference minutes as long as possiblo. (Laughter.) Then, again, plenty of ministers carried a little hell - inside of them, because they didn't inind what they ate. (Laughter.) To young preachers he would say, ' Beware of things that won't help you to pteach.' A great deal they ate w.as ballast, and not cargo. (Laughter.) God wanted strong, breezy men. Did He get His apostles from behind a counter ? Were there any men in the world with wider chests than fishermen ? Christ intended them to believe that tbe more they were like fishermen in physique the more likely they were to receive the Holy Ghost. ' God likes vigor, so don't waste your nervous power.' Cheerfulness was a great help to bodily health. A good many ministers looked ss though their souls were in pawn, and they had lost the ticket— (loud laughter)— xnd yet they gave out, 'Oh, for a thousand tongues to sing.' (Renewed laughter.) Let them as preachers look like men who were saving people from death — as though they belonged to tho Almighty, and wero linked on to His great scliemo for saving men. Let them, like Baxter, go to Heaven once a day and see the great and good people there. Healthi ness and cheerfulness were tho two things he laid down as the principles of success — and of course saintliness, but not sancti moniousness or consoriousness. He was not a theologian, but he questioned whether they could get anything better as a defini tion of a Chris tain than that the whple man was J esus Christ — that the blessed Sag of Jesus Christ floated over the whole man. (Applause.) Jesus Christ was the tdp line in their copybook, and they were to be like Him. One of the attributes of saintli ness wa9 leaving a place better than tbey found it. They always knew where to find Je9us Christ. If they had looked- for Him in Jerusalem they would have found Him. Wherever they had come across a blind man with a dog and a bit of string, they would have said, ' He's not been here.' (Laughter.) But if they found a man breaking sticks, and saying, ' Here, wife, this'll do to light the fire,' they could say, 'He's been here.' (Laughter.) Natural ness was another essential to the preacher's success. They should try to make them selves all that God intended them to be — that which made them ministers was tbc characteristic, and idiosyncracy. The gospel chariot was not a hearse — not a thing to put a corpse into. (Laughter.) There were no ready-made clothes for preachers — they must be made to measure. That s what had made Parker what he was. He had coaxed out Joseph for all he was worth — (laughter) — some sawdust as well as diamonds, but always diamonds. (Renewed laughter.) It was the same with Spurgeon and their beloved Hughes. He said ' Let H.P.H. come up right to the front.'' (Laughter.) When he had started to preach, an old farmer reminded him that the Lord bad two kinds of preachers, those who played on the silver trumpet and those who played tin a ram's horn. He himself had practised on tbe ram's horn, and found it capable of great expansion. (Laughter.) He did not plead for coarseness, but he believed in giv ing a man room. When Samson killed the lion he did not dance a minuet, but tbe lion knew there was a man coming.. (Laughter.) ' Don't be afraid of animal enjoyments. There is always something good in a man with a back to his head.' (Laughter.) The greatest power outside the Almighty was prayer, and that was within rcach of all preachers. Tbe success of prayer was largely measured by desire end faith. They would honour God and their prayer meetings if they only prayod for what they desired. (Applause.) 