Her Eofal Highness. By MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON, U ,n,nr of "Lady Mary of the Dark House." "The Secret of the Pearls," A Man from the Dark/' "The Barnstormers," etc. CHAPTER I. ''Charmed, magic casements, opening on the foam Of perilous seas, in faerie lands forlorn, tf anvone had asked Egon Thorn, Lord Fuike what had brought him to Presmark, the oldest town in Thungaria, at the time of year known as the "Season" (with a capital S) in England, he would have had plenty of reasons to give; but none of them would have been the real one. Though he was considered eccentric by men, and vaguely called "wild," with bated breath, by women, who would, nevertheless, have been delighted to se cure him for themselves or their daugh ters, he was an honorable, and even a truth 'ul, young man; he would not in tentionally have told a lie regarding his expedition. It would, however, have come to the same thing; for he would have Ktd.5 cither that ho liked seeing places that he had never seen before; that you could expect nothing but the unexpected of a rolling stone, which never had gathered any moss, and never woukl; that the Season was nothing to him, since he was in mourning- for his elder brother, who had been dead but two months; or that Thungaria was an in- ! tercrting country, because as yet so un- | spoilt by modern civilisation that it was j still possible for things to happen there, j All these alleged motives might - have been sufficient, or eyen one alone, to lure Fulke to Thungaria when his friends were Pocking to Henley, to Ascot, and to Cowes; and most likely he believed him self to he swayed by several of them. But the actual incentive was more recondite, less explicable evc-n to himself. His brother Francis late Earl of Fulke, I had left few private documents. Sudden as had been the illness which had wrenched the elder roan out of life, he I had found time to burn many papers, as I the state of the fireplace in his study I testified 011 the morning when the Earl I , had been discovered lying speechless and I gasping on the fioor of the adjoining I room. I On his desk, however, had been an en- I Vflopf addressed to his Majesty the King I of Thunaaria. It was empty; but in the I ucd man's hand was a crumpled scrap I of papf r containing the words, written in I pci- nan: "On June 3rd, midnight. My I liutinr.g lodge in (he Vestura-thal." I ,"e's eyes save 'le younger I .e: 1 F.liad !ooked upon this fragment, I niean so little — or so much. I of n new Fulke had thought I the r'"'- ?!'fhtingly ri.--i.igh he had burnt I him'ilr'C!rV,Jecause s-,?med probable to I vi i-t." Francis had been about to do I so- i'1 "le ,ast s-r'asm of riie heart had I aiuol.e oand laid him low. I Fuk-r. mteI War(3s' when the funeral (at I -erS) was over' and tnore was I ct n.0t 10 for re faction, and the pro- I i'i Putting two and two to- I In ;j'V!;rp e r''a,1j:er had be»un to appear I The " different light. I teenVnm-",1?, f, tha slip of paper had I vc-lr" a akaWy Francis's. The en- I fI liis Maj'esty of Thun- I hand. The h'pT' c ddrosf?ed hy the same I made v.-as rn-'n'n wlr'ch t!ie new Earl I bit of ra»n,- |e fT al;rupt words on I King, and » mT® have £he to the I "ifanmg tn li c e conveyed some I nt initiated ' unintelIieikle to one I titan a ? which struck the living I arif aW ?nS,'the dead ma"' feelin I iongei- 10 aie' and helpless any I ricsstrSi hgd ? ; i seci'ets as he might I the neper inn ''1, the last to destroy I original de=thi-ir sellding it to its I bn iiccauc'e pvn This miSht have I 'sed that h- -„.„ r.!1C:s lad suddenly real- I i«2 whl'S bG Unab,e t0 W out I was I: Ver !"-en' t" Tilunf0.11 that Francis had I; f,ersol ocqva'n r C0Uld boa®t a I Sat Cnt,-J S " V,',th the ruler ot I: tlk two Venn- 7? he grandmother of I I aHan woman of b" been a Thun- I whoso m-rrf"1 rank and great I - t arl 0f F,3lke had in With the third I little bovs V, ; , her STand- I ading Thungaiian' hut en fond of I W, studein aL ry andFraacis I S'f- tWe,ve years T of th I tivft+- 'other. — bad k h senior of his I Dg wild skUful in inter- I i, 'ch thungaria w 'ling music for IL save him the title fatller's #. title' and had been absent for months, no one knew where. Now it occurred to Egon (who had been named after a favorite brother of his grandmother's) that Francis might at these times have gone to Thungaria. At all events, the Vestura was the largest river which intersected the dark range of the Tvara Mountains; and it appeared that there Francis had owned a hunt ing lodge.- Francis, the fifth Ea-' of Fulke, had died of heart disease (with which his medical man admitted he had long been afflicted, wishing his secret kept), on Friday, 14th March, which, had, oddly enough, been superstitiously regarded for several generations as a date of ill omen in the house of Thorn. And it was not long after his brother's death that Egon began consciously to wonder what had been meant to happen on 3rd June, between Francis, Lord Fulke, and j the King of Thung-aria. The hunting lodge, which had belonged to Francis, I was now his, since lie had, through the ! lack of a will, inherited all his brother's j property. The desire grew in Egon's ; heart to find that new possession, un- i named, unmentioned in any document I which the dead man had left behind him. ! Whatever the appointment had been, he | did not see how it could be kept by the | King or his emissaries, for the letter re- I questing (or rather, demanding) it had l never been despatched. Still, a subtle fascination gathered round that date — 3rd June — like the perfume of flowers which sometimes lingers on the frag ments of a shattered vasel. | Long ago, Egon had wished to see Thungaria; now he again thrilled with the same yearning which he had known In childhood; and the new Lord Fulke seldom hesitated long in taking or doing that which which he desired. So it was that, following in the foot steps of his brother, and confiding his in tentions to nobody (not even to the valet, whose amour propre was deeply injured at being left behind, for the first time in any of his master's travels), Fulke journeyed across Germany to Thun- 1 garia. He made Presmark his destina-. tion, because, though he did not know : as much about his grandmother as it was his duty to have known, he was aware that her ancestral home had been near the ancient town of Presmark; and Presmark was in the Vestura-thal, locked in by natural fortiflcations--the towering walls of the Tvara Mountains, j A railway had been opened to Pres mark, so few- years ago that it was still called the "new railway," but th8 dili- ; gence continued to run once a day from Neusivigna, a mcdern manufacturing city, thirty miles away, as far as Felda- bad, which was a fashionable sulphur spring not more than six kilometres dis tant from the old town; and Fulke was not in so great haste as to prefer the. comfortable and expeditious to the pic- j turesque. He had travelled much; hut never in any of the countries which he had learnt to know nearly as well as his own had he found more glorious scenery than among the Tvara Mountains, as the jolting dili gence climbed the road that coiled like a wliip-lash along the rocky heights. It was still early in the season in these altitudes, for the middle of May was only just past, and Feldabad would scarcely begin to stir itself and wake from its long winter sleep until 1st June. But "Fulke had for componions two or three enterprising American tourists, and in the body of the coach were seve ral solemn farmers, whose business had taken them from home by the old way, which they considered far safer and| more agreeable than travelling by rail. | It was seven o'clock in the evening when the diligence reached Feldabad, and so deeply did the little cluster of houses, lictels, bath buildings, and churches nestle into a nook clothed with pine woods that darkness was already fall ing, like the brooding-wing of some great b'rd. Only cne of the inns was open, and there Fulke dined: hut his inquiries con cerning a carriage to take him on as far as Presmark that night were stolidly j answered in the negative. To reach | Presmark by the only coach road avail able from Feldabad, a bridge must he1 crossed, and this bridge was now under- j going repairs, 'at it might be in a fit i state to hear the traffic which would shortly come with tne brief summer season. It lay hardly a mile beyond the springs,' therefore, it would not be worth the gentLemairs while to engage a car- riage for that distance. He might bet- 1 ter have gone to Presmark from Neusi- ! vlgna by rail, even though he did miss the beauties by the way, for now there was nothing for it but to walk, and to do that in safety, being a stranger in these parts, he must await morning light to proceed. j Since earliest boyhood, to be told that ' he "must" pursue a certain course was enough in itself to fire Fulke's heart with a desire for the opposite, and though he was now twenty-eight years of ; age, he had not yet entirely conquered ' the old perverse spirit, which thirsted to ! overthrow opposition. j He did not see why he should not go on to Presmark that night. It was only half-past eight, and the distance was little j over six miles. He could easily do that J in an hour and thirty minutes. His lug gage had gone on to Presmark by rail, j where he hoped to find it at the Kaiser- I hof. The landlord shrugged his fat ! shoulders, his lips curving to a smile of j amusement at this mad Englishman, who had never until to-day seen the | Tvara Mountains, yet glibly talked of j finding his way at the rate of a mile in , every fifteen minutes by night. I Tes, it was quite true, the bridge would bear a foot passenger, and the way was clear enough until then. But after- , . Die Teufelsbrucke was passed the difli- I , culty would begin. There were several , roads, one leading to Presmark, certainly, : but two others branching off to as many . , villages, and a third to the Heise See and ! Schloss Finsterberg. These roads were ' j very confusing to one unacquainted with i I the distriot, at all times, but in the dark j i ! The landlord illustrated the im- I practicability of such an adventure by j ! throwing up his hands and his eyes, j However, Fulke was determined. He : could even imagine worse things than losing his way; consequently he paid the bill for his dinner (it was somewhat Ion- I ger proportionately than it would have j I been had he consented to remain) and j started forth, guided by his late host's ! grudging directions, i The meon had not yet risen high | enough to shew its white disc above the black mountain peaks which shut in Fel dabad like the sides of a cup. But the \ road ascended, towards the rocky bridge — partly natural, partly artificial — which spanned the chasm cleft by a cataract of the Vestura as it rushed towards a valley below. At the moment when Fulke reached a turning which came before the bridge, the moon suddenly looked him in the face, peering over the wooded shoul der of a hill far away. It swept aside the pall of shadows, made the black profiles of rock stand out against a background of silver sky, turned the torrent fed by the water-fall into a moving river of pearl, and flung down into the bosom of a small lake at some distance, which otherwise would have lain unseen, a reflection like a gol den cup upheld to the surface by a water- sprite. As Fulke stood on the half- dismantled bridge, he could see, rising from the lower valley, a great mass of rock, which tow ered between the rushing river on the one side and the depths of that small, still lake on the other, giving somewhat the effect of an island. This was the landmark for which he had been advised to look — Finsterberg, the "Dark Mountain." The landlord had spoken of "Schloss Finsterberg," but there were no lights to be seen, not even the cold glinting of the moon on panes of glass; therefore, Fulke concluded that the castle, which he could but dimly see, was probably a ruin. He crossed the bridge, beginning to descend again upon the other side, ar rived on the level of the foaming river, which sang a wild song of rejoicing free dom in his cars, crossed another bridge of stone, in good repair, and had reason to congratulate himself upon having found the road towards Presmark, which the landlord at Feldabad had described. Now Schloss Finsterberg towered above him, not at a great height, yet giving an effect of savage grandeur as he gazed up at the sheer wall of rock which overhung the ghostly spray rising like a cloud from the white water . The road on which he walked lay on the far i side of the river from Finsterberg. | Above his head ether rocks reared, and had there been a drawbridge from the . castle it might have been stretched across the narrow torrent. But there j was no sign of any such contrivance, : and those who would now approach the Schloss must ascend a steep path, which might have been guarded at the top by, one man against a hundred. j Having crossed the second bridge, i the road which Fulke travelled described a semicircle, and brought him at laat to the border of the lake which, on the . opposite shore, kissed the rocky foot of j Finsterberg. | ' For the first time Fulke began to think that, just past the bridge, he must have taken a wrong turning, for the landlord liad distinctly told him that he would behold the Heise See only from a dis tance. He stood still, meaning .to re trace his steps, when something flashed white under the surface of the water — the suggestion of a sight so strange" that for an instant the blood sang in his ears and his breath came unevenly. He looked again, staring incredulously, : telling himself that there must be a glam or about the moonlight of May in Thun- ! garia which bewitched an Englishman's I eye. It was like a child's definition of faith — "that which makes you believe what you know isn't true" — for it seemed to him that he had seen the white hand and arm of a woman lifted out of the lake, as rose the mystic hand and arm that gave j the blade Excalibur to Arthur. "What if it wasn't an illusion, after all?" ; he said beneath his breath. "What if it I should be someone drowning?" j There had been no cry; scarcely a ripple j of the water, save the one flash of light | where the crystal surface had broken for an instant under the rays of the moon. Only a determined suicide could go down to death like that — without a sound, with out a struggle. It musthave been fancy, or, perhaps a wild swan had glided by, diving as its quick eye had seen that it was watched by something alien and hu man. This last seemed a reasonable suppo sition, but Fulke's nerves were thrilled by the magic of the night and the scene. "What is that? Is anyone there who needs help?" he demanded, half shame facedly, in German, which was spoken by nearly all in this part of Thungaria. There came no answer, but from the sur face of the lake, almost at Lord Fulke's feet, the eyes of a woman looked eerily out at him under the light of the moon. The face was pale and smiling in mock ery—the face of spirit or a water nixie, floating lily-like upon the water, colorless save for the shadowed depths of the up turned eyes. So brightly did the moon's ray strike the water, transforming it into a sheet of quicksilver, that the outline of a body, sheathed in clinging, drenched white draperies, was dimly visible, as if seen through a thick sheet of glass. Two gleaming arms of marble were wreathed above the head, framing its beauty, the hands clasped together, the slim fingers twined, and on one Fulke thought that he caught the rainbow fire of a jewel. Without a pause or reflection he tore off his coat and leaped into the water. If this were an ilusion, he was mad; if it were a woman he would save her in spite j of herself. | Unconsciously, as he took the plunge, he expected a shock of icy cold, but the . water held scarcely a chill. He had felt i it like that once in Florida, when bathing ' at a time of year forbidden by doctors, to j find the shining, phosphorescent sea warmed by the ".earnass of the Gulf ! Stream. The Heise See deserved its name. ! He went down with the plunge, hut in a second was up again, and striking out strongly for what he fancied was a streak of white, already in the distance. He reached it, to find but an effect of moon light. The face that had looked up at him from the water had vanished like the figment of a dream in the waking. CHAPTER II.— A BIT OF GOSSIP AT THE INN. When Fulke arrived at the Kaiserhof, in Presnark, he was excessively wet and exceedingly bad-tempered. The hour was also very late. The Feldabad landlord had proved his point, though he might never have the satisfaction of learning the fact, for, instead of reaching his des tination by ten o'clock, as he had calcu lated, it had taken Lord Fulke until after eleven to cover the six miles of which he had spoken so lightly on starting. He had lost his way, not once, but twice, ; and had on each occasion made a long detour — tedious because he was soaking wet, and unable to restore the circula tion of his chilled blood by rapid walk ing, as he might have done had he known the road. The night was cold, if the water was not, and by the time Fulke had reached the hotel he was glad of the fire which smouldered in a white porcelain stove in the big Speisesaal. He was hungry as well as wet, and, finding that food was still obtainable, he ordered whatever could be got, and sat down to dry him self in front of the stove while waiting. His exercise, though not as violent as he could have wished, had already par tially dried his clothing, which was for tunate, as something had gone wrong and, notwithstanding numerous tips and many directions, the luggage had not been delivered. The railway station had been closed for more than an hour, and he must make shift as best he could until morning. Seldom had the Earl of Fulke been more out of conceit with himself. He was conscious that there was humor un derlying the situation, but he sulkily shut his eyes upon it, refusing to see it lest he should laugh, and perforce be come good-natured once more. He did not want to be good-natured, for he had been a fool, and knew it. "Flapping about there in the water like a great porpoise," he said to himself, crossly, "and after nothing — nothing at alL If there'd been a woman, I must have found her before I scrambled out again. What an ass! What a con summate ass!" As he grumbled on, he gloomily watched the movements of two young Thungar- ian officers who were playing billiards in a room divided from the Speisesaal only by an archway, from which a pair of heavy red curtains were partially drawn back. This was rather a primitive ar rangement; but then most of the ar rangements in Presmark were primitive, even at the Kaiserhof, an ancient inn of the thirteenth century, re-modelled and modernised. The officers, who were smart-looking young men, with bright dark eyes and fierce waxed moustaches, were talking in Thungarian, and though Lord Fulke had no intention of listening, he soon found himself both hearing and understanding what was said. They had merely been conversing about the game when he came in, discussing the length of time that was left before the closing hour of the hotel; but, roused by. the sound of the new-comer's entrance, they had glanced into the Speisesaal, and thereafter had begun commenting on the stranger. "He's English," remarked one, "or I'll eat my head." "Calves' brains are indigestible, Fritz," laughed the oiher. "No use wagering upon the obvious. He is English, and somebody in particular in his own coun try. Fine-looking fellow, isn't he?" "For your sake, friend Karl, I pray that Helene Bathory may not set eyes on him while he honors Presmark with his pre sence, or she will have none of you. He has the figure of an athlete, and the pro file of a Greek statue." "You're as bad as a woman. How do you know but he can understand all you say — or perhaps you would like him to hear your complimentary remarks?" "It matters nothing to me. If he be longed to any other nation than the stiff- and-starched English, I would go and ask him how he got himself so wet." "I will do it, anyway. In Thungarian, too, and then you shall know if he has learnt your opinion of him." This was more than Fulke's bad tem per could withstand. He laughed aloud, and shouted across the room, in excellent German; "Thank you very much for it, I do understand, and am repaid for my trouble in studying Thungarian, which, unfortunately, I comprehend better than I speak. If you will both help me pun ish a bottle of Tokay, I'll tell you the story of my wetting." The two young men sauntered in, show ing their white teeth under their perky, dark moustaches. This Englishman was not so stiffly-starched, after all. Their game was finished; Presmark was a dull garrison, where one day usually contented itself with telling another; they welcomed a diversion with an excuse for lingering: and Tokay was good, though beyond the pay of one not yet a major. They sat down to drink, for further than that they would not share their host's supper. They did not hold him to his promise at first, but talked of indif ferent things— the length of a journey from England to Thungaria, and the sights to be seen by tourists (of whom there were not many) at Presmark. "Already I know something of the" walks," ejaculated Fulke grimly. "I lost myself twice between here and Felde- bad." "It is a wonder it was not twice again, in the dark.. You are lucky to be sitting by this fire now. And — ahem! you seem in need of it. Since you have kindly vol unteered the information did you fall into the infant Vestura?" "The river? No; hut I jumped into the lake." "Ah!" They raised their black eye brows. "It is early in the year, and late in the evening for a bath — even with one's clothes on." "There is a Lorelei in the lake; but she had left her rock to-night," said Fulke, with a grave face. The two young men looked at each other. "What do you mean?" "What I say. She lured me to jump in - and I did it. Afterwards, I was sorry." i : There was something strange about the officer's expression. "Will you not ex- Jf£r plalri?" asked the one called Fritz, "or I are you joking?" ij "I wish I could explain, but I am as f. in the dark as you — and soaking Wet as well. I thought a face looked up at me out Of the water— I wasn't aware that the Lorelei had migrated from the tjiiinn to Thungaria, and foolishly con fer eluded that a woman was drowning " Wi- .. "A woman?" The two were all exclte- jnent now. Wf- "A beautiful woman; at least, the face tgfv jeft a dim impression of great beauty. I gfc couldn't describe It at alL" gf "It was she," whispered Karl Thonet to gj- his friend, with an air almost of awe. If "It is I who want an explanation now," f said Fuike. "You speak and you look as '% jf the lake were haunted and I bad met the ghost." fe; Lieutenant Fritz Stolbach shrugged his shoulders. % "We may all have met our ghosts, but I', few men can truthfully say they have looked upon the face which you have ' seen to-night." i "By Jove!" exclaimed Lord Fulke, 'if the face was on the body of a real wo- fe man, and she is not drowned " "Oh, she is not drowned, no fear of \- that," Fritz interposed, with mysterious jS- emphasis. "Then I shall see her again." : The two men shook their heads. "That you will never do; we will take our oath of it." "I swear I will," insisted Fulke. with a fierce, boyish desire to boast, and justify his boast, for which he despised himself, but which he could not resist. "I'll see her, and speak with her too." "To do that," said Karl, "You would 5;. have to beat down such barriers as no man living ever fought against for a wo man's sake, and won." JP— CHAPTER HI.— A BRIDE, A WIDOW, AND A BET. Fulke was very curious— more curious than he had ever been about anything in > his life — including his brother's Thunga- L rian hunting-lodge and its mystery, both of which he had for the present forgotten, in favor of a subject more enthralling. "Who is this strange being who can c swim like a fish, dive like a wild duck, or vanish like a bubble; who floats on the water at night like a pond-lily; who is yet a woman, but as inaccessible as a ' combination of ignis fatuus and fairy v' queen?" he questioned, half-laguhing, r" .. half-impatient. "You are poetical," said Fritz ¦Stol bach. "Well, perhaps she is worth it, if 't- one could know. As for calling her a queen, you are not far wrong. If her husband had lived, she would to-day have h been Queen of Thungaria. But he died on the day of their marriage, and his brother Louis reigns, while she is only ? Her Royal Highness, Princess Floria Hil- V degarde Alixe (and a few other names which I find my_elf unable to recall) of ? Bernau-Dainburg." "Dainburg!" echoed Fulke. "Why, then, I shall go and present my compli ments to my fair relative. My grand- i mother was a Thungarian, and of the % House of Dainburg." The two men looked at him with added Interest. "But one woman of that house, I; ' so far as I have heard, ever married an Englishman," returned Thonet, "and that t was the beautiful Princess Lilli, who ran a away, sixty or seventy years ago, with a \- handsome nobleman of your country, the Earl of Fulke." f; "That was my grandfather," admitted ?" . the young fnan, impulsively, then re- jfc-. gretted his candor, for he had intended to sW' be incognito during his stay at Presmarlt. Fv He had wanted to find out about that PPP hunting-lodge, and whether or not its late ep cwner had been known in the country as .1'. Lord Fulke, before he laid claim to the fc. property or the kinship. But now it was 5 too late to draw back. Evidently, however, if Francis had lived £ under his own name and title in the neigh- Iv borhood, these two were ignorant of the f: . fact — or they were good actors. Their al- P.v ready cordial manner warmed towards the stranger on hearing that he had Thunga- gy rian blood in his veins. They made hasty «- calculations, and in less than five minutes gT had arrived at the conclusion that Lord jjfe- Fulke was third cousin, once removed, on the distaff side, to King Louis of Thun- fcii garia. This connection was news to Fulke, gi p for since liis boyish days he had not g||\' bothered his brain by ticketing the ggy., branches of his own family tree, or trac- pP; ing changes in the dynasty of that tliird- iftr" rate, if interesting, kingdom, Thungaria. if?; The Dainburgs had been royal, he knew, jpp but not the reigning house at the time g£t . When he had kept himself au fait of te?;' contemporaneous Thungarian history. Jfe- His mind flashed to the letter which had EpL been crumpled in his dead broth. r's ahnd. Rj.- Francis, then, had known of that distant Bfer cousinship, and had made some use of it glji:. "Why had it never been mentioned to him? pf"-! Had the omission ocourred through care- |N iessness or by design? ipr '' If there had been a mystery before, the fife, plot thickened now; still, Fulke's thoughts Bfe;- turned from the subject of -kinship be- ggg C tween himself and Louis of Thungaria to BpC.. the woman, who was his cousin, too — at jPfel ' : least by marriage. Lieutenant Karl Thonet was laboriously Bggv explaining how, through the death of the gfelftte King's only son, his nephew, Prince Pgy' Rupert of Bernau-Dainburg, had become tea the heir-apparent. But Prince Rupert SpS/-'had married the beautiful German Prin- \- cess Floria of Edelthurm, straight out of A convent, and, while drinking the bride's jp'/fcealth at his wedding feast, had fallen gjg?¥ , dead — many said,, murdered by some pf|?P',gubtle poison that defied analysis. Others j /thought— Lieutenant Karl paused, and the first time Fulke showed interest In gflflg/he narrative. .Piai . .(To be Continued.) 