The Mlnisten's Ghost Story. Good-night, Iwiirnsl M'Iror, see that tbey a' gang to bed at a reasonable hour, and tlliina rs!f up late 'jrnsf»r.. Tito mom's the Fast Day, mind, and ye've to prciiyh.'' .. -- < W!tf) these tvnrds the Rev. Dn^nld M'K'Jmon t«ok liis caudle, and beamed roum* ou tlio company. Otkid - night, sir I Good - alghf, fafltor!" they responded, with much dffei-ence. "No, we won't stay up late." The door closed, and the old gentleman's footsteps were heard ascciidin:: the sfa(rs. No??, Mr. M'lvor," said one of tbe girls, eagerly, "remember your promise." Ter'ainly, MIbs Hanoi." nnsveored tbe jrenllenisn, rising wf(h niueb ^ gravity. I intend to sit a few minutes later myself. hilt I promised to the rest of j-oit oft. I am clad," be cnnllmted. proreeding to llclit tbe candles. " thai Miss Janet should be tbe one to call me to a censp of " • Fiddlesticks.".-,«ild .Tanet, a tall, bright-faced girl "In a dress of sofi crimson, which suited her admirably. She n-as sltllttR oil a low stool before (be fire, frying to shield her flushed cheeks from the blaze with a huge crimson Japanese fan. "Don't be a linmbnjr. Mr. M'lvor; you know what I wean— tbat ghost story yon promised to tell us." "T>rv tell It. Mr. M'lvor 1" " T'd rather hear about pirates," said Unblty M'Kitinon. a schoolboy of 12. " Hlm'is are such awful rot" " Then yon can go to bed." retorted -Tanet " I'll do nothing of the kind," silil Ttobby. much Instilled. "Go to bed .vnttrsplf." " You may remain Sf yon behave yourself." paid .Tanet, surveying him calmly. "Mr. M'Iror. T shi"'t leave the room until yon hare told (hat story." " Is It the will of the company that their .vonng blood be frozen and curdled In darkneas ? It Is a real ghost, remember." " How delicious," murmured one of the elrlfi. " Very well. Don't blame me If yon can't -sleep to-nlsrbt." He extinguished the lamp as he sjioke. and resumed his seat The flrellpht played on his dark face, and he looked with bis spare form, thin, keen features, and great hollow eyes like a 'Romish priefit worn out with fasting and penance. There was a pause, during vrhlcb the company, sat silent and expectant and the younR. minister gazed at tbe fire as If fascinated by somelblng he saw there. At last he drew a long breath. " Yon know what second sight Is," he iie.aan. turning bis melancholy eyes on I'icy Keith, the girl who thought real ihnsfs delicious. She shuddered slightly, " T possess that doubtful gift," he went on In a quiet, serious voice. " Apparitions. ghostly coffins, shadows of funerals—all these things 1 have seen •iften. In my own parish. Many ilmog I have hoard the tapping of hammers ind sawing of wood Jn the carpenter's •lion afler his day's work was done, felling fbat death was coming. Three nights before a death the sounds are tteard—It never fails." The speaker paused, and his audieuce shivered a«d sat a little closer. " It Is just a year since T went to preach for Alexander of Barnstrae, There Is nothing at all suggestive of the supernatural about either him nr his wife, but the manse wa* big and eerie, full of drauehty corridors and wide staircase*!. It had been an old mansion, and there was a story connected with II. Alexander said, but he would not tell It that night. We sat talkine over old colletse days, r he-and t, until long nasi midnight. Then we lit our candles, and Alexander led the way to my room I shrnild have' bad dlfflcnlty In finding the way myself., for It was tip a wide staircase and along a corridor with a number of doors on either side. I trod softly, fearinc to disturb the honsehold hut Alexander assured me the caution was unnecessary.. I was alone in that part of the house. I am not a nervous man. but I should have preferred one or two neighbours." My room was at the very end of the 'corridor—a cheerful apartment by day, when the sun shone in. .but at that, hour, with.the moonlight casting strtfoge shadows on everything. It was eerie. .;, . * "T said ijgood-night to my host, and retired to my mit when I had convinced myself that a certain suspicious-looking shadow on the lawn was caused by a tree. T was not. at all sleepy : so after a time T sat up. lit the candle that stood on a small table by the .bedside, anil began to look over my sermon. Then T selected fhe Psalms to be sung, and bad .lust fixed on three, when I felt a sudden rnsh of cold air. and looked up! As surely ns I am sitting here—as sorely as yon are listening—" Ian M'lvor raised his hand Im'pres- •Ivdy and looked round with an- unearthly light In his eyes. '"The door opened slowly, and a woman gilded 1n." .Toey Kt»lth shrieked and hld -her face on Janet's ehotiliier. " r tiiuugui i nan locked the door; but evidently I.was mistaken, and I concluded that this was one of tbe maids walking In her sleep. T lay. hack on my pillows, and watched Jthe Intruder, hardly daring to breathe lest she should turn and see me. for the thought of her suddenly waking and finding herself in my room' was embarrassing.. Then in a moment . .the truth flashed upon me, for Ih the clear moonlight I saw ber plainly. I had drawn tip the blind ; and while' my ibed was In shadow, by the window It'was almost as light as day;- This "was no servant Her'long. beniiMftil halr was utiboimd, rippling In molded waves below lier waist. Her dress; was loose and flowing, of some shimmering white stuff—it minded-me of ' White, samite, mystic, Wonderful;' " Once sho, turned her. face towards me—a beautiful-face, hut pale and drawn with anguish, and the eyes wide with horror. I tried to move or speak, but limbs and tongue were paralysed. She moaned uDpously njid wrung lier hands; then, to my horror, glided to fhe window ang threw it.open .with a terrible cry. There was an answering cry-~tbe walling o"f a little child outside. The : woman threw but her arms with a dpspalrlng gesture, and tlie loose sleeves fell hack; dlSeloslpg their exqiilslte shapeliness. s She would ' have flung herself from the^wlndoWf but was held back—the hoiror -of lt—by a hand. ' I saw It dlsf.netly, and' shadowy arm. nothing else. .1 think I realised then something of what Rclsbaraar ninsi oave felt when hp saw tlie fingers. tha: wrote—mene, tekel, upharsln "Then the moon went under a cloud" Hurt iMt'ji nnk to * yhUgw J saw that my candle was buti'Itig with a blue (lame. My li.tir t : t"-"i •'-> etirl. I would have given ,-tll I \- ii to find myself iu the study dowit- Jiiiiis, but I coulil neither move baud nor foot, and if 1 could, who knows what 1 ni!i)it have seen in that long corridor. Those eisiply rooms—I dared not pass them 1 J lay back helplessly watching that tragedy of IIJ KOUC days. "There was nnoihcr awful cry, and again there came the pitiful walling from oulside. fainter than before, and dying away in fhe dh-tniice. To thifi (lay, when 1 read of Kacbel nu'ttrning for her children. J^iat cry rings in my ears. There seemed to be a etnissle, the window was forcibly closed, the woman sank:',tin the floor •arUl) hands rla.«p$I and'|thci,beliitifd) : fafce|upturne& In agODyi oiifr and slowly the vl-slort radnd.'' 2 There was a lung silence when lap bad finished speaking. Then Janel spoke. " Who was fihe 1 What was her story, Mr. M'lver ?" " Alexander fold me the story ne*t day. Margaret RIHof of Barnstrae. a beautiful antj high-splrlt&n; girl. Toll In love with a*d scefell.vg married* her brother's tutor., Whenithe niarriace was discovered bo was in FNllnburgh preparing a home for Ills wife, and on his rclurn there was a ferrlhle scene, for Mrs. Flliol was anolln'r Lndv Ashton. She told h'm (lint Ms wife bad been sent to a French convent, and the poor fellow, mn'd with! grief, svc:it. aliroad in search of her. It-was ^ falsehood, of course. Marsaret never left her mother's bouse alive. Tier llftle child was taltcn away, one xiigbt, and Margaret, in despair . tried to throw hersdf. front the window or that Wf rooin' t/sleVt In. istbe ^ied'soon aficr of a broken heart. It all happened long ago-last century. ? believe." " Poor girl." said Joey, sortlv. " I Weed that bit. about the candle burning blue," said Janet penslvelv; '11 made mo cropp." " I should like to see a ghost,'.' said Bobby. •!'.•..• • , "' Hush 1". said Ivor, •holding tip a warning band. "Wlcit is tlint V" < T'lt-p.n. pit pat. c.-niv the sotllid of' soft footsteps on the stair. Tlio j-h-lr. 3<wked at eacli otln>r fearfully, and Hobby turned very pale. Tan trrasped the poker with one hand find threw his 0,1 lier arm protectin^lv round Janet. Pit-pat pit-pat. It wis coming nearer. Rang! Jhey" screaflrte^, 3 .mfl' fell"ralhHnjrlte lan's arms. Ho rr^e. defioslted bcr on the coucli. and opened tbe door. Something flew past with a wild crv. Hobby howled, thinking his hour was come. " Who Is that T' Ian demanded, sternly. ' M'lvor. Is that yon ?" paid a quavering voice front the darkness. "Angels and ministers of jrrace defend us! A liprht, lan, quick!" exclaimed Ivor, bonding over .1 heap at fhe foot of (he stairs. Tan dropped tbe poker and struck a light, and .Tanet followed him Into tlie passage. j "Oh!" she ejaculated in disrliav. It was the Rov Dougald M'Kinnon. In nltrblcnp and,drosslu^-gown,. with an - extinmuslmd taper In one bind, a st'.ck in flic oflioi-. and a large japanned teatray on the to]) of him. They helped fhe old gentleman to bis feet, and took him into Hie. room fo recover. " I'm all riiiht, balms." be said. «-1m>.i he had bpen revived with a nieiitbfnl of whisky. "Whafever brought yon downstairs, fji-thev'-" a«?;ed .Tanet, lioverii-e over hl.ni affectionately with tbe bottle. "1 heard volics. niv dp nr. and tlioiisrlit It was ImrKlars. Then, when ! L">.t to tbe foul of |i>r jstnir' I tripped on tbe cat and knorfci'd nvcr the tray." "The cat! Tiut nccotints fin- tho awful yell." said In it. " I didn't know whether II was Holibv or the i-'i^i " " fl'liei-e is Boldly ?" said .Tanet. lookin.? round. " .Tocy. dear, wake lip! The ghoM. is having some whisky, and yon had better have s.'.nio too," "Ghost !" repeated M'Kinnon. T wonder ty In vena niair sense. Janet. Eh ! • ,i.VTi:t<> tliaf ? There's a man behind the curtain. M'lvor." eyel-itnied tbe old gentleman, pointing with great exoltonient to the crimson damask, which aippeared to be nvicii ncltitcd. " Tliere is some one there." replied . Tan. doIHrerately rising andvyftftng ,"t»S tbe wiiidoW."' There was a howl from behind the curtain as he proceeded to unmask fhe ruffian. Tt. was the vallnnt Kolvby. crouched 1n a corner, with bis fincers in bis ears. " Bobby ! What d'ye mean by sir like ctuitrlits.?'.': demanded his father, indignantly. ' , '. ; \ t ; T?obT>y eseiiiimed with a scarlet coun- tenance that be thought it was one of Mr. M'lvor's cofllns. and that he felt a natural reluctance to occupy It prematurely. "Coffins! The Saddle's dreaming." said the old 'gentleman, scandalised. " What way are ye no In bed. Rebhy ?" " T congratnlafe voti on the snccess of your story, Mr. M'lvor." said .Tanet." "You have frightened everybody Into fits." " I wonder at. ye. M'lvor, and the mot?) the Fast Day." said tbe old minister,'In a tone of mild reproach "They would have It sir." said Ian, apologetically. "Never mind, father," (said Janet, saucily. " we'll do penance to-morrow— we'll nil go t^vico to -ehnrcb." - " Te'vc inttckle Jneed," was, the dry response. "iM'Ivor. light the ijandles —I'll see "ye a^'oofthls'llme." Ian obeyed, and the procession formed and Bled-.out- of, the room, headed .by*"-the -old,, gentleman and •RfVfcfby-M'he latter -much subdued, " We only want surplices to look like a procession of prWts and acolytes." said .Tanet,, lajighlngly. ".Don't you /eel llkp pjje^-Jan,?". w ~ V. " Not T," he replied, promptly. " t wouldn't, be a Ttoman Ontbolic priest under existing drcnmstances"—he looked at Janet—" for any consideration." •Tanet tainted round Impatiently. "Oome along. Joey, It's time you were In bed with that white face. Mr. M'lvor, I hope we shan't drenm of the golden-haired Margaret." "I hope not. Miss .Tanet" he replied, with a smile. " Good-night, Miss .Toey" —fhen In n lower tone—" the lady of my dreams will not have golden tresses." It would have been unreasonable to complain Just then of Miss Keith's lack of colour. "Good-night Mr. M'lvor," she said, with a sudden, lovely smtle. " I shall never, as long as I live, forget this "Ifrht or your story, or—" " Or what Miss .Toey ? No, not all flnWh ' 5™"' sentence V for she was trying * to regain possession of her hand. She looked round, half-frightened. They were quite alone on the landing. " Or you !" The w:r:ls were hardly andlbJe. But Joey had vanished.—By X. BtroDCi In the " People's Friend." 