DEBATE.—IS SPIRITUALISM ANTI-CHRISTIAN? Rev. F. J. Wilkin M.A. affirms. Mr Jas. A. S. Brown denies. Second Evening, 2nd March. Mr Geo. Adams, J.P., Chairman. (Debate Continued.) Mr Brown: Mr Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen,—I must again com- pliment yon on the splendid attend- ance here again this evening, and indeed I can truly say that I am sur- prised to see so much interest evinced in a search after truth. I wish also to compliment you on your splendid be- havior, and the close attention you give to the discussion. It shows the keen interest with which you view this important question. There is one thing I wish you to bear in mind, that we are here to deal with facts and solid arguments, and I maintain that nothing else but facts and solid argu- ment will be of any assistance or use to us in coming to a right and proper conclusion. As there are a large num- ber here this evening who were not present last night allow me briefly to go over some of the ground already covered, and place before you what Spiritualism is. In the first place Spiritualism never asserts or speaks positively, except what it has proved. When we have proof, not speculating, we say we know, and we say it with no uncertain voice. Man is a spirit clothed in flesh. Death makes no difference whatever, except that it dismantles the body of flesh. Man, the individual or ego, goes into the spirit world, and in that spirit world he has a body, a spiritual body, composed of spiritual matter not understood of our physical senses, but of a purer or rarer material than that we understand with our physical senses. He carries with him all the characteristics of disposition that he has made part of himself up to that change called death. Spiritualism asserts that between this world and the next there is a possibility of having communication with those who have departed, and is prepared to assert that this has been proved beyond reasonable doubt. Spiritualism is a science as well as a religion. On religious points where Spiritua- lists can accept the teachings of Jesus they do so, but they do not dogmatise on matters of doctrine. As a whole they have agreed to make the teachings of Jesus the foundation of their religion. They assert, and with reason, that goodness, to be goodness, really must be part of themselves. No sin, no wickedness outside of myself, has anything to do with me, and no goodness in another person has anything to do with me. It is only that which is part of myself that is mine. There are bastard Spiritualists and bastard Christians, but we are not here to deal with bastard forms of either. True Spiritualism and true Christianity, are they opposed? That is the point. Not in a degree only; but are they root and branch opposed? I maintain that Mr Wilkin has to prove that the teaching of Spiritualism is impure and unholy, that it teaches men that they can do as they please and escape the conse- quences of their actions. On points like the deity of Jesus, Spiritualists use their reason. You can't dogma- tise about God. You can't enter the domain of the Infinite and dogmatise. Who, by searching, can find out the Almighty ? Who is able to prove or assert beyond all reasonable doubt about Jesus being God or man, or whether he is in a unique sense the Son of God? Spiritualists bring all things to the test of reason, and do not state that a man must believe or dis- believe. The Bible from beginning to end is a record of spirit intercourse. Take spirit intercourse out of the book and you have nothing left; but Mr Wilkin said Spiritualism was only 50 years old. I challenge Mr Wilkin to bring one solitary passage of scripture that clearly and definitely says any thing in regard to Spiritualism in a denunciatory character. I ask him to take the book and prove that there is a life beyond. I further say, that if he does so, I am prepared to prove from the same book in clearer and more definite language that there is no life beyond. I maintain the great mission of Spiritualism is not to quibble over words and texts; but to prove most definitely the immortality of man; that without Spiritualism we are left groping in the blackest midnight of doubt and uncertainty. I maintain that the battle of Spiritualism is not against Christianity; but we are opposed to Churchianity. We are opposed to certain creeds and dogmas of the churches. Mr Wilkin said Jesus never imposed a creed. He said that Christianity was union with Christ, and I maintain and sheet it home that Mr Wilkin only bore out and built up everything I said. Did I not say that only that which is part of yourself is your own; that Spiritual- ism teaches that before you can be a Christian you must make the life of Christ part of yourself? From Adam right down to Revelations you find spirit intercourse chronicled by the Bible. Abraham saw three "men," who were afterwards called "angels" and then "God." We have Abraham in trance. Then an angel comes and speaks about the birth of Samson. It is called the "angel," and again in another place "Gabriel," and again called "the man Gabriel." We have Ezekiel, who was clairvoyant. We have Gad, David's seer, the medium to whom he went to receive spirit com- munications. At the baptism of Jesus an angel descended on him in the form of a dove. He saw spirits in the wilderness. At Gethsemane angels came to minister to Him. On the mount of transfiguration two men that once lived on earth appeared, and were recognised and He spoke to them. If Spiritualism is anti-Christian, the very Founder of Christianity broke the law, and is condemned for having commu- nication with those who once lived in the flesh. Then you have the angel that spoke to John in Patmos, and whom John wished to worship. This bright being stopped him, and said "See thou do it not, for I am one of thy brethren, the prophets." I main- tain that the Bible upholds Spiritual- ism and spirit intercourse. Spiritualism is accepted by John Wesley, He was a good and holy man, the founder of the Wesleyan Church. Adam Clarke, Canon Wilberforce, Professors A. R. Wallace, Crookes and Varley are Spiritualists. I say the churches should be hand in hand with the Spiritualists in their battle against materialism. Where are the signs in the churches that were promised should distinguish those who believed in Jesus? There is not a solitary one. It is no wonder that schism and infi- delity are rampant. Has God been asleep all these centuries, and the good spirits and angels chained up? Are the devil and all his imps at liberty to deceive people while God is looking on? Can you believe it? I don't. I have proved beyond all reasonable doubt that loved ones of mine still live. I suppose that there are men and women in this hall to-night who have also proved it. It is strange that men will believe such things happened 1800 years ago to men of whom they know nothing, except what they read, who are mere shadows to them; and yet when men and women of to-day tell them the same things happen in their own times they shake their heads and wont believe it. To-night I am going to force this debate; but I am in the position of a solicitor for the defence in a court, who has to drag out of the prosecutor the evidence he has to disprove. I am going to go at this contention of the deity of Christ. I would first point out that it is the most stupendous assertion that the world has ever had placed before it, and I say let us have proof beyond doubt, and not the mere assertion of men and women on a question they can known nothing about. The story of the im- maculate conception rests only on the assertions uncorroborated of one man and one woman. The angel came to Mary and Joseph. It is a hard thing for reason to accept, yet it is accepted on the mere testimony of these two persons. Rev. F. J. Wilkin: Mr Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen,—I must apolo- gise for not thanking you last night for your kindly attention, and the deep interest you have shown in this dis- cussion. I feel certain the interest shown last night will be maintained to the end of the debate. I am glad, Sir, you are going to force this discussion. I think last night we were only skir- mishing at long range. I think to night the battle royal will begin, and the heavy artillery be brought to bear. But it is not because of any personal feeling, but because I regard Mr Brown as the representative of a great system. I will not review his speech of to-night until I have answered his closing address of last evening. Mr Brown, you told us last night that we must exercise our reason. I invite you to exercise it to the very utmost. We don't want any hi-falutin talk on this question. We want everything proved up to the hilt. I do object to the assumption that you made last night that Spiritualists alone appeal to the tribunal of reason, and that the Christians appeal to blind belief. Reason is not hostile to faith. I endorse the contention that credulity is not conviction. You say bring everything to reason. So say I. If a man says he believes a statement, and his reason objects to that statement, that man is a hypocrite. Prove all things true in the spirit and in the under- standing. Now, Mr Brown, let us reason together. Let me ask you, Mr Brown, what you mean by reason? I understand you as confounding reason with reasoning. That is a great mistake. You admit reason to be a mere intellectual, logical process. You speak about the faculty of reason— (The referees here raised a point of order, and the rev. gentleman addressed himself to the audience.) Mr Brown spoke about the faculty of reason. There is no such thing. Man's mind is not built in compart- ments. WE speak of a man having judgment, having will, having rea- son as if these were different faculties. I perceive, I decide, I reason, I measure statements; but the power of reason is to bring things before my whole being, and there is nothing satisfies the longing of man like Christianity. No hard- headed man can be satisfied with Spiri- tualism. Last night, also, Mr Brown confounded reason with con- science, and treated them as synony- mous. From a psychological point of view that was lamentably weak. Reason is myself. I am responsible for the use of my reason, but my conscience is not myself. It is a power over my personalty. I am not respon- sible for conscience; I am responsible to conscience. I say we tremble when conscience speaks. In that magnificent tragedy of Macbeth, Macbeth says, "Thus conscience doth make cowards of us all." Conscience is the viceroy of Deity. It exercises its authority over and above the will with irresistible power, which makes man consider his whole being and his whole responsi- bilities, not only with regard to the present life, bat with regard to all the life that is to come. Mr Brown said it is not a question of defi- nitions, but a question of great principles. We must reason on this matter, and we must do so over and over again. Mr Brown's reason- ing is like throwing dust in the eyes of his hearers. I should like to see Mr Brown at the breakfast table. I should like to see the young ladies put certain things on the table, and say it didn't matter to Mr Brown what he had to eat, and tell him that words were coins, only counters. But words involve great principles. You can't think without words, and to say it is only a quibble about words is absurd. I defined Christianity last night. I asked Mr Brown to define Spiritual- ism. He did not. He attempted in a certain way to give an all-round definition, but it was distinctly nebulous. It was all in the clouds. It was as nebulous as the wind tossed clouds on a sum- mer day. I have read half a dozen quotations from Spiritualists and he says they are untrue. There is no such thing as a definite body of Spiri- tualists. Well, Mr Brown did not attempt to deny my definition of Christianity. He was a wise man. So it stands; it stands to- night. Christianity has something in com- mon with all the religions in the world. Christianity consists in a lov- ing oneness with the mighty perso- nality of the Lord Jesus Christ, and unless a man conforms to this I don't see how he can be a Christian. If a man lived in great Britain, all the time asserting himself a Briton, and at the same time conspiring to set up a republic, he could not be called a loyal subject of the Queen. Mr Brown is living under the sway of the kingdom of the Lord Jesus Christ. He denies His sovereignity and is plotting and working to bring about the overthrow of the kingdom of Jesus Christ and set up a republic of reason; and yet, and yet, he wants to pass as a Chris- tian: he says he is a Christian. He is using the term contrary altogether to its usual signification. I hold that any man is anti- Christian who sets himself against Christ as redeemer and sovereign. Mr Brown says he objects to the authorities I have quoted. I ask him to accept the New Testament, the record of historical facts and the record of letters which are history. I was asked by Mr Brown to bring texts. Did you notice that queer thing last night? He de- manded texts, and immediately he added that he did not care anything about texts, that it was not a question of so many private statements. I should like Mr Brown to be reason- able and fair. We accept the Bible as our book of appeal. I am asked to prove the divinity of Jesus Christ from words out of His own mouth. I quoted parts of 20 different texts, all from the four gospels, and Mr Brown got up in his place and said I had not given him a single text to prove the deity of Jesus. If I didn't think Mr Brown knew something of the Bible I would have distinguished each with the remark "This is a text." In future I will read the text and then let us reason the matter out. Let us see if He did claim to be the Son of the eternal God. Mr Brown said he would admit Jesus was a Son of God but would deny He was God. I sup- pose he admits the deity of Christ but denies that He is the Supreme Deity. I will only take the words of Jesus Christ to establish my contention. If divine, Jesus must have had pre- existence. If there was no existence before the birth at Bethlehem Jesus Christ was not divine. I have ar- ranged my texts under two headings. 1\. Those which refer to Christ's pre- existence. 2. Those which affirms his equality with the Father. There are 15 passages in which Jesus teaches that be came from God. There are 8 in which He says that He was the Son of God. In John viii., 42, He says "for I proceeded forth and came from God." John xvi. 28\. "I came forth from the Father, and am come into the world;" again "I leave the world and go to the Father." If these sentences don't imply consci- ous pre-existence language cannot state it. There are also 15 passages in which He is stated to be the Son of God: but the chairman's time bell is now ringing and I must withhold my other quotations till my next speech. Mr Brown: Mr Chairman, Ladies, and Gentlemen. You have heard to- night that I have been juggling with words. I leave that with to you to decide. I don't care what is said about me. I shall not waste time in quibbling over personalities. This has nothing to do with the question. The question we have to deal with is, "Was Jesus Christ God?" not "Was he divine?" There is a vast difference between divinity and deity. I claim that every man is divine. I claim that every man woman and child that comes into the world possesses the protean spark, that they are of God, that they are a part of God. Then Mr Wilkin speaks of his Supreme Deity. I don't know of any Supreme Deity. I know of one Deity and there can only be one deity; there can be only one God. Deity means God. You heard me challenge Mr Wilkin last night to come right out and speak straight as he does in the pulpit and say that there are three persons in the God head and yet only one; that Jesus Christ is God and one of these per- sons. That is his contention, I chal- lenge Mr Wilkin to say that Jesus was God, and I maintain that he has not given one single text to show that Jesus Christ was God, and I say that there is not one single text in the Bible to show that he was God. At the very most, Jesus only claimed to be the Son of God. How can the son be the father? I say that there has to be proof, reasonable proof, proof beyond doubt, that Christ was the Son of God, and proof beyond doubt that He said it was needful for me to believe this in order to be a Christian. I maintain, upon the fundamentals. Spiritualism and Christianity are identical. Mr Wilkin's place is to show Spiritualism is anti-Christian. How can he prove the one to be opposed to the other unless he defines what Spiritualism is? If he goes into the statements about Jesus Christ, not what He taught and laid down in simple language, he can't give you a definite basis for any such position. Numbers of erroneous state- ments by the churches don't prove truth. Old age don't prove error to be truth. It may be that millions agree with Mr Wilkin; but he has to prove that Spiritualism is absolutely anti- Christian. I maintain that, time after time, Jesus Christ claimed that He came from God, and that He was used of God that God might speak through Him, and that God manifested Him- self through Him. I say so, too. To prove his position in the debate Mr Wilkin must make it absolutely clear that Jesus taught that He was God, and that He taught that the non-belief of that made me anti-Christian. Chris- tianity is the pure, simple teaching of Jesus Christ, and I want you to bear that in mind. Mr Wilkin says I am not a Christian. That does not hurt me. I know that I love Jesus Christ; that I am drawn to Him, that He is part of my life, that I have put my life into His hands, and want Him to make my life like unto His. I know His life has been incorporated into me, and if that is not being a Christian I have some thing yet to learn. Now, I am going on with my texts. If Joseph was not literally the father of Jesus Christ the genealogy in the first chapter of Mat- thew, showing that he was of the seed of David, was useless. If Joseph was not His father what was the use of the non-fulfilled judgment? If Joseph was not His father, how could he be the son of David? If Joseph was His father He was not God. I maintain He was not Christ until His baptism; that Christ simply means anointed. The Spirit descended upon Him in the form of a dove, and He became Jesus, the Christ. Before that time His name was simply Jesus. After that baptism he was Jesus, the Anointed. Mr Wilkin has yet to prove that He was God. Let us have some texts, Matt. xii. 24. "And Jesus answered him, The first commandment is Hear, O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord." Mr Wilkin said that Spiritualists deny that Jesus rose from the dead. That is the most startling affirmation I have heard from him. I think he must have made a mistake. After Jesus rose from the dead He appeared to all His disciples. He said to them, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost," and if that meant a literal person I don't know how you accept it. If the Holy Ghost was God there were two Gods; and if, as Mr Wilkin affirms, Jesus was God, then there were three. But let us have texts: "Is there a God beside me; I know not any.'' What did Jesus say? "This is Life Eternal, when they may know Thee, the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent." "I ascend to my Father, and your Father, to my God and your God." Then God was above Jesus, according to this. "He that overcometh I will make a pillar in the temple of my God." Jesus refers to God as a separate and distinct personality from Himself; God spoke through Him; God used Him; but I maintain that the Bible leaves us in reasonable doubt whether Jesus was God, and where there is a reason- able doubt I say that Mr Wilkin is not justified in calling Spiritualists anti- Christian because they will not believe where there is doubt. If Spiritualism is anti-Christian, then Jesus is anti- Christian, because He came from the spirit world and spoke to His disciples. I maintain that I have just as reason- able grounds for saying that Jesus was not God, as Mr Wilkin has for de- claring His deity; and can you blame me or any Spiritualist because we can not decide upon points where Christians themselves so utterly differ? I main- tain that Spiritualism is founded on facts. Its mission is to prove the rea- lity of the other life. I maintain that Spiritualism is not opposed to Chris- tianity. I want Mr Wilkin to come to the point. He has barely come to the point yet. We want texts. I say that the Bible, taken properly and looked at from all sides, leaves me in reasonable doubt whether Jesus was God or not. Because simply on this stupendous point Spiritualists are not dogmatic, and many cannot come to a conclusion, are they anti-Christian? I want the truth. I have no wish to take any attribute from Jesus that I can conscientiously accord Him. I have no objection to placing Jesus as God if it can be proved that He is God; but I want to be honest, and it seems to be a matter of opinion as to who God was or how many Gods there were, and Mr Wilkin can never prove it from the Bible. "Who by reasoning, by searching, can find out God?" I maintain that Mr Wilkin, by arguing about the Deity, who God was, or how many Gods there were, cannot maintain his position; and he can never prove in that way that Spiritualists are anti-Christian. If he can prove that any of the fundamental essentials of Spiritualism are opposed to the teaching of Jesus Christ, I will be the very first man to renounce Spiritualism; but until he proves it absolutely, I am not going to give up that which is dear to me, that which has brought me into contact with those whom I have loved, and who have passed the change called death, and that and that only, which gives me, and which gives you, an absolute knowledge of the life beyond. (To be continued.) 