f ne ; Yellow Hand. BY ALLEii UPWARD. CHAPTER IX.— (Continued). yx began to feel a cold dread stealing , i&r; me. Singular as it may appear, j Lder all my previous thoughts on the Lject there had lurked a vague assur ance that nothing had really taken place Lit was not capable of a simple phy- Bcal interpretation. Now I realised that mv guest was about to deprive me of that assurance, and 1 trembled. "You used this afternoon," pursued my companion, "a .word which ought to be blo:ted out of every dictionary— the word supernatural. There can be no thing supernatural, because nature in cludes everything. Those parts of na ture which we do not know, or do not understand, are not supernatural, they are simply extraordinary and mysterious to us just as an eclipse is extraordinary and invsterlous to a savage. In every age of the world and in every country we find abundant testimony to the ex istence of phenomena which we have not yet learnt to explain, from the sacred miracles down to the common traditions pf ghosts and witches. "The fact is, we are living under the intellectual yoke of the Deists of the last century, of whom Voltaire was the fore most champion. These men challenged the Biblical miracles aS part of their case against Christianity, and_ ibey naturally found themselves' bbliged to go on and deny every manifestation outside the region of every-day experience. Instead of in vestigating the subtle forces which un derlie such marvels as mesmerism and thought- transference, they took the easier course of denouncing everything of the kind as fraud and imposture. Their dogmas on the subject, revolutionary then, have become the creed of to-day, swallowed as blindly as any Catholic I ever swallowed the dogmas of Rome. The teaching originally directed against Christianity has found its way into the Christian pulpit, and to-day it is con sidered not merely foolish but wicked to believe in what are called spiritual phe nomena." "Tou are right," I said. "The rector of this very parish strongly resents what he calls the absurd superstitions which prevail in the village with regard to this house." , "Exactly — though he reads to his parishioners every " year the stories pf the Witch of Endor and of the men possessed of devils. But I have said enough to show that I am a sceptic to wards tiie dogmatic scepticism of these marrow-minded materialists, who seem to think that we know all that is to be known about the agencies that govern matter. I believe that we are in the presence of an infinitely mysterious uni verse, containing fluids more subtle than electricity, rays more marvellous than those of Rontgen, influences more dan gerous than those of hypnotism. In all the tales of ancient, magic, and mediae val witchcraft, of Eastern sorcery and Western science, I discern hints at some junknown secret, some latent principle, Which certain men and races have, as it were, stumbled upon, and which they, 'dabble in without understanding it, sometimes with the most fearful results. "What do we know of even hypnotism, that force of which they talk so glibly, but which is one of the most universal and all-powerful of agencies? It enters into the commonest conjuring trick; the nonjuror, who tells you. that you are about to see him do a certain thing, in fluences your mind as certainly as the mesmerist who indulges In passes which send you asleep. It is only a question of degree, this power which mind wields jover mind. . It is exerted as often un- tonsciously. Two persons commence speaking of the same thing at once, as if by spontaneous impulse. What has really happened is that one man has thought of the subject and unconscious ly transferred his thought to the other's mind. So two men meeting for the first time will instantly dislike each other. The phenomena of what is called sugges tion are part of the same series. Every medical student knows that the perusal of a work, say, on heart disease is some times sufficient not merely to persuade the reader that his heart is affected, but actually to produce the physical symp toms of a diseased heart, just as in the famous experiment where a criminal was killed simply by being told that he was bleeding to death." "Are these things possible?" I ex claimed. "You make me feel as though hot only this house of Strangeways, but the whole world were the theatre of frightful powers and events which con trol our lives without our being aware." "Unhappily, that is the view I have come to hold," replied the Professor gravely. He looked at nie steadily for a minute, ana then went on : 'There is another, even graver, ele ment which perplexs the subject. It is hot merely the influence of materialistic dogma which prejudices the study of the forces or agencies I speak of. Unfortu nately, that study has been brought into discredit by the character of its chief oilowers. In our day most of the inves- gators of the occult have been proved r>n i - kna-ves, who cannot refrain from combining real marvels with common And cheats- "ke the late Madame f and the Professional mediums whtnt? " rapPere- . It is their practices so many Persons to dis- the whole subject as one Impos- ture. Why is this? And why is it that in history wefind the pursuit of the same study always under a ban, its followers hated and dreaded, and the study itself known by the significant name of the Black Art?" I listened, more and more uncomfort able under the Professor's relentless analysis. "It is an Impressive fact that the whole history of what is called magic or sercery reveals in it the element of the diabolic. It well-nigh forces one to the conclusion that, just as there are certain plants and minerals which are deadly poisons, so among the forces of the universe there are some which are potent for evil rather than for good. Our ancestors may have shown their ignorance by speaking of a personal Devil, but are we any wiser in shutting our eyes to the fact that there is indeed an Evil Principle In the universe, which has always had its followers, who may truly be described as devil worship pers? Have not all, even the most hor rible beliefs of the Middle Ages turned out to have a basis of truth? The Black Mass exists in Paris at this hour. Satan is worshiped in parts of Italy. Child- crucifixion is not a myth. The negroes have their .u-ju still. There have been thugs in the Indian jungles, there are human leopards in the African forests. The cult of evil exists as certainly as the cult of good. Cruelty is a passion as strong and universal as lust, with which i: has frightful physiological affinities. Books have been written on this sadic frenzy, the true vice of devils, which has had its votaries In every age. The leg- gends of vampires, of the evil eye, of secret murder societies, they all have a foundation, and everywhere we find them combined with the pursuit of occult lore. The stories of the witches who made a wax image of the person they desired to kill, and by thrusting pins into it in cer tain places, or melting it over a fire, caus ed their victim to feel corresponding tor ments — those stories are true. And know ing What we know of hypnotism, of thought-transference, of the tremendous power which mind may exert on mind, and through the mind on the body, how can we so lightly assure ourselves that similar crimes are not perpetrated, and perpetrated with terrible Impunity, to day? The laws against witchcraft have been struck out of the statute-book. But they will have to be re-written yet." "Witchcraft! But do you seriously be lieve that miserable old women, living in dirty hovels, could wield such awful powers?" I protested. "What has worldly prosperity to do with spiritual power, whether for good or evil? We know nothing of the laws which govern these phenomena. Why may it not be possible that this squalid and obscure mode of life is a necessary condition of exercising the power which these beings did exercise? If saints have sought holiness in rags and misery, why should not these demoniacs have pursued their monstrous cult under similar condi tions? Have you not yourself arrived, by one of those intuitions which are surer than reasoning, at the belief that all the horrors which have assailed you in this house are the work of that living corpse concealed in the den you visited this very day?" I was struck dumb. "Remember that that is your own view, the theory which you adopted by instinct, 5n spite of that sceptical training which your mind has received in common with ail of this generation. What I have now said leads practically to the same result. I do not pledge myself as yet to any posi tive explanation of the circumstances. It may be that the man you saw this after- noo is not the" sole, nor even the chief, agent in what is going on around you. There may be some hideous sect to which the foreigners you saw at Burleigh End,' the two Chinamen — if they were two, and not rather one and the same — and even Blackman, like himself, are all af filiated. Or it may be that Black- man, like yourself, was an innocent victim, who walked by accident Into this adder's nest, and after he had made cer tain discoveries took to flight in despera tion." I breathed hard as I tried to scrutinise the speaker's unrevealing face. "Tell me," I said, "can you suggest any reason for their doings, for what has the appearance of an organised conspiracy against me?" The Professor gave two or three quick, nervous puffs at his pipe, and steadily withheld his eyes from mine. "There is one suggestion I might throw out," he said, slowly. "As I have said, we know nothing of the laws under which these agencies work. It may be that this house, or some spot immediately adjoin ing it, is in some peculiar way propitious to the exercise of the diabolic power, and that your presence interferes with these men's plans. It may be, again, that, just as certain places are consecrated to the service of religion, so others are devoted by infernal rites to the Evil Principle, and that the devil-worshippers resent your intrusion, as Christians would resent the intrusion of a blasphemer in one of their churches. Or " He checked himself abruptly, took the pipe from his mouth, and began to knock out the ash, still keeping his eyes averted from mine. It was with a beating heart, conscious of some more dreadful solution lurking in his mind, that I said— "What else? Tell me everything that you think, I insist." jThen, rising from his chair, the Profes- sor turned his strange grey eyes full upon me. "It may be that this house Is a trap, which these evil men set for their prey. It may be that, having lured Blackman into it, they gradually overcame him by their spells UJ1 they hd made him one like tfi&inelves;, ahd then used him as a decoy to entrap a fresh victim. And it may be that they are even no\tf working, not to drive you away ,as you supposed, but to overcome you in the same manner, and transform you into a member of their hellish crew." And before I could find words to repel the ghastly insinuation, he walked out of the room, and retired upstairs. I sat and writhed under the poison of his words. It was not so much what he had said as what he had left unsaid, what he had conveyed by his manner, gradu ally growing more hostile with every minute that had passed since his arrival. As I went past his door on my way to my own bed, I shook. There lay a man who suspected me of— what? v In the morning Parker came to rouse me, looking more agitated than I had seen him for some time. He held a sealed envelope In his hand. "Who is this from?" I demanded, as I took it from him. "From Professor Bellingham, sir." "What? Why— where is he?" I ex claimed. "If you please, sir, he has gone." "Gone!" " Yes, sir; he left the first thing this morning. He went away on foot to catch the first train. Tarleton went with him to carry his bag, sir. He looked very pale, like as If he had been frightened in the night. And he wrote this note, and asked me to give it to you, sir." I heard a sound like a suppressed sob in the corner of the room where Walter's bed had been placd. Glancing at him, I saw that the child was scard and crying. "Silence!" I said to Parker, sternly. "I forbid you to talk like that!" And I tore the letter open. "Sir," it read, "I will not eat with you again, nor remain another hour under this accursed roof, more fatal than the upas tree. Fly.if it is not yet too late, fly without losing a day, a minute, or a second! "FRANCIS BELLINGHAM." CHAPTER X.— THE WARNING OF THE DREAM AND OF THE DOG. My first sensation on reading Professor Bellingliam's letter was one of sheer an ger. I resented the extraordinary step he had taken in leaving my house with out the courtesy of a farewell; I resented still more the hysterical language of the letter he had left behind him. I had invited this man to come and stay with me that he might assist me to solve a difficult and mysterious problem. The night before he had discussed It with me in a rational manner. He had hinted that the influence at work in the atmos phere around us was an evil one; he had spolten in scientific language of that frightful cult known to a more barbarous age as witchcraft or devil-worship. He had put into woTds those vague doubts and fears which had been gradually tak ing shape in my own mind since my first arrival at the house called Strangeways. And, having advanced thus far, he had now fled — fled as If the house were plague- stricken, fled as if the horror which wrapped the place extended even to me. It did not require much forethought to anticipate the evil effect which such a flight must produce upon the minds of the servants, already sufficiently unnerved. Parker was the first to speak to me. " I don't wish to give trouble, sir," he said, looking at me anxiously, "but my wife and me, we should be both very much obliged if you would let us change to another room. We don't like sleeping where we are, on account of that locked door, and the key having been lost again." Of course, I was greatly vexed at this request But did not dare to show too much harshness, as I suspected Parker and his wife of secretly wanting to leave, and I was determined not to give them any excuse for deserting me. "Why have you suddenly taken this in to your head?" I asked. "You have never complained of the room before. You can have another key fitted if you like." "Thank you, sir, but we'd much rather shift into one of the other rooms, if you don't mind, sir. My wife she's been a bit uneasy ever since that time you saw the ladder outside, sir. There's something about that locked room we don't quite like, whether it's burglars, or \\\ It a te\ e r it is, and we don't sleep comfortable so near it." "You are getting very fidgetty, Parker. I can't understand a sensible man like you taking such fads. It is all very well for a child like my nephew, but you and your wife ought to know better." "Yes, sir," Parker answered, meekly ; "I know it don't sound rational, but there's something about this house, sir, that don't seem the same as a London house." "There, there, that will do," I said, quickly, not wanting to let him say any thing more. "Change your room if you like. I only gave you that one because It seemed the largest. It doesn't make any difference to me where you sleep." Parker thanked me respectfully, and went off, no doubt to carry out the change. During the day I went out into the garden, and came upon Tarle ton at work, with Walter, as usual, besid- him. Walter had shown great distress over the unexpected departure of the professor, so much so that I had been a little cross with him. Now, on my coming up, instead of running to joimme, as he had done during the first days of his stay, he ceased talking to the gar dener, and took the first opportunity to steal away, ilo doubt to join Mrs Parker in the kitchen. It was useless for me to shut my eyes to the disagreeable truth. It was plain that Walter had grown shy Of me. His cheerfulness had completely left him in my presence, and he went about Strangeways moping and pining, and looking worse instead of better for his visit. (To be continued.)' ' \ 