THE RUGBY CONTEST IN ? MELBOURNE. (Bv 'WILLOW.''} ' In .Melbourne's early football days the Hugby game -was played, until certain folk conceived the idea. of making addition.1! and alterations, to the rules, which were at once approved of, and have since 1-ccn elaborated into tiie present style ut gaine- now played throughout Victoria, Soutii Australia, and Tasmania. Tlie Melbourne public have witnessed HUgby matches in recent yearn, owing to visits from tho Maoris, Shaw and Shrews bury's Englishmen, and Intercolonial matches be tween Victoria and New South Wales. Upon all these occasions distinct disapproval was. expressed by the spectators, and now, after about four years' cessation from' such matches, the public -ogain rc4led up to have a look* the presence of tlie Rev. Mr. Mullineux as captain and the visit 'of the 'Englishmen being the primary attraction. The. local, patrons of ihe Rugby game had spared no. efforts to' raise a suitable team, and to en deavor to* .revive Rugby interest. A greater dis. appointment, however, could scarcely be ima gined, mainly for the following reasons: The ob ject of -the Victorian rules is to keep the TJall in play and in sight as much as possible; it is con. setiucntly riot allowed to be held by players much, arid should it be purposely kicked out of bounds a penalty has 1o be paid by the offending side. The' aim is to make the ffame attractive to spec tators and scientific for players. When,- -therefore, the public on Saturday, after waiting patiently fo- the ball to appear from its concealment in the scrums, eaw it frequently kicked out of play or hidden again, 'their disapproval was more marked than ever. With the exception of a few quick passes and nins, - they failed to - appreciate th» rest of the pin- and. at halHIme they loft the ground -ITi large numbers. The only genuine ap proval uijuiWestcd was when ' Timms, formerly a Oeelonp player, shone out for -England. Tlie local players had not the ghost of a show witli their ?formfdttble foes, who ran througli them, and scored 30 points to' nil. The Englishmen met with a ve.ry hearty recep. tion, and -were voted a splendid-looking lot of athletes. The Bcv. Mr. Mullineux Is a great grafter, both on the Held and off. Ills efforts out. side the scrum being as energetic as his speech making and 6ermon3 on -behalf of muscular Chris tianity.. ' ' ? . Newcastle Notes. A commencement - was made witli tho Northern Junior comi-flnala on Saturday in ..tlie heavy and continuous 'rain. East MaiUond defeated Lambton by 13 -points 'to nil.. Humphries, Hodgins, Hill, and Munro were most conspicuous for tha'vLctore, while for the. losers Young and Dunn did excel lent sen-ice. West Maitland. were beaten by Morpeth in on exciting game by 0 points to S. Five players were injured during the gome, hut none seriously. The referee ordered iwo players off— one from each team— for breaches of the Ihws. i iiu oi-iiauii n»u m: uiimi^iii. uj q i.iob£ in a [Oft night's time. Tlio ' attendances have not been up lii the average this year,' and the executive officers of the Union arc at their wit's cnii to know exact ly what the public really require. So far the dis trict scheme has not been the success anticipated A social was reciaitly held at'Mcrowretlier in aid of E. Iluxton, a member of the local club.who re cently had his collar-bone broken while playing for his team agajnst Hamilton. There was an excel; lent attendarxe. and the social was tliorouitulv enjoyed . . cd the local clubs, with which they will in variably; become associated eventually. The Association has restricted tho under graduates to five years, so that, if per chance one (alls in his exam, one year and remains at the University an extra year, he is to bo debarrd from playing lor th& club. There is surely no Justice in thnt. .Without Parallel. ';. Alberto' tor ever ! Albert Trott has during the present English season captured 200 wickets and scored 1000 runs, a feat unique in tho annals of cricket. Several players have got their 100 wickets and 1000 runs in a season, but no one ever before got the 200 wickct3 aud 1000 runs. Early in July U\o young ex- Victorian had scored 743 runs at an average of 25.62 per innings, and taken 140 wickets at 15.57 each. Tha nearest, approach to this great dual ac complishment was that of W. G. Grace in 1875, when tho leviathan scored 1-198 ruus and secured 19a wickets. What a groat cricketer. has been lost to Victoria and Aus tralia In Albert Trott ! HU bowling is just that kind Which would have made the attack of the present Australian Eleven really .great. Ho is a nippy bowler. Al bert Trott is 26 years of age, and he has done sonio.thlng in English cricket that oven the cricketing marvel of tho century, .'.W-.Gm' has never done. In 1800 Charlie Turner' went -within measurable distance ''off-performing' tho groat double. He 'cap-, tured ^215 wlcketG aud scored. 910 runs. In 1888, too,- ihe- old champion bowler had'a 'great double' with Sl-1 wickets ? and ,807 runs. . ?„?*-. . ?. : - ?' . . '. . - .;-,?;.-,'?;.-.?.-. Major. H. W.- Eeuny- Tailyour, the Kent nncl lioyal Engineer cricketer, who was stationed In Sydney a few years ' obo, bias been appointed to a position connected with the^Board of Trade (London), ' : ? . The Next ? ..?''?'. '?'??'' -?--?-? English Team. \ ? .-.-.': ' The cable, brought us the following item of news from London last week: 'The Marylobono Cricket Club has agreed to scud tha next team of English cricketers to Australia under'the auspices ot the Mel bourne Club.' 'The chief point In this of interest to the Australian public Is that tliu Marylebone Club will organise the team. This moans that the team will be selected by the.club, or those whom it may depute to perform that work. It will be agree able news -to cricket enthusiasts nil the world over; it is a guarantee of tho re presentative character of the team. 'Under the auspices of the Melbourne Club' no doubt means under the management of the club. Tlicro can bo no objection to. that, always provided the year of tho visit suits a majority of the leading Colonial Associa tions. By. the way, have the remarks of. the'Hon. J. H. Carruthers, at the annual meeting of tho New South Wales Cricket Association, on the necessity of some sort of ?' International cricket body of control, been forgotton ? In the course of bis speech some truly seasonable Ideas were given expression to; they ought to bear fruit'. .-???' . ... \- * » ? ? A Souvenir., ; ..- . ? . . . ?'..;?' ?The Australian team:number of 'The Book of Cricket'! is to. hand from the pub-' Ushers, George Newnes, Limited, London. It is edited by C. 13. 'Fry. The portraits aro beautifully reproduced, and some of them 'are highly amusinE. The size of the publication is a trifle larger than fools cap folio. ? It makes a very interesting souvenir of the visit of iho Australians to England.. Tho descriptive matter, if brief, is brightly written. Of M. A. Noble: 'He is a graceful and . effective batsman, whose sty.le would do Justice to tho best traditions of Eton cricket.' Of 'Old Bill' Howell, after giving him much pralso: 'Sometimes he doeB not fancy himself, and cannot bowl with any sting.' Aptly put. Victor Trumpcr: 'Ho has a beautiful style, with plenty of strokes. Ho Is perhaps a moro interesting and onterprising player than most Australians.' A few errors creep In. For instance, Noble wa3 never a menm bor of the Sydney University eleven, in wa3 Trumper educated at. tho Sydnm Grammar School. Both aro old CrowHj street (Sydney) Superior. Public School hoys. And Charles M'Lcod does not bill left hand, and he 1b far from being a clean] hard player. 'The Major's' portrait lsjl particularly happy one. jj9 Cricketers' blrthdaya—Many happy returns onif! August 27— W. J. Wooden (Newcastle), 1S56.|| 28-^Ias. Soarle (Redfern), 1863. ;H 29-N. Y. Deano (North Sydney), lSlfl Alfred Shaw (England), 1812. J§ S. S. Schultz (England), 1857. v;j| Tnimblo was extremely sore over Umpire TOM icr's run-out decision at Truro. During the liiM chcori interval (when the score stood at 133 Si five wicket*) Champain and several other mtjS hers of the county eleven, sympathised with TmiM We, Who they certainly believed was tho viclaH of a bad ruling.— London 'Evening News.' |H Last month A. 13. Stoddart, who had been um'M to play, for some time .owing to Ills doctor's M dcrs, playing for Hainpstead, was top-scorer wiffl ':?'??? ;-I/ ::?:.- ? ? I . Tlie First - Grade committee for the incoml»§| season consists of 'Messrs. . O. F. \V. Lloyd, w.'M Firth, -H..SIiil!c, E..J. liriscoe, nnd A. W. GrcerfH the sa'nio; as. last, year's 'coriiniittce. The SccoSi Gr.Vdu:. committee is:. W; Cornish, R. nansIuW (Exit ..iSyducy),.'.!.: A. llurkc (St. George), US Uuckle.i'nn^J.UI.'.SnndoKoih ^ j9 ;:The:!soutli^Aiistrtliani:Crickct Association tM communicated ??with Uic ..Sew South Wales Ass«m| tioniwilliA vicfw..:to. having the proceeds of Inlifl colonial matches' pooled, and. divided thus: Trill ?fifths .each to. N.S:W.' and. Victoria, and onc-flftliHi .'Sou'tli Australia.: 5Un .-, Monday evening the %« South' Wales'Assoulation unanimously decided t}J| ithc-prop&al;'caUM nptrbc entertained. The matiMI :has' been .'talked 'of,; for a: long time, but I fi( I tolerably 'certain tliat'Soillll Australia hns as nra) I Iciionde of rciichiiig the' moon ns of gcttins N.av, I to conccdo'the pooling of Intercolonial procrtall The -'pooling and equal division between tlie thitil Associations of; a. per cerita'ge of the Test ro.it| 1 proixedf. would probably, be favorably received a I , this colonjv '?-:.. .:,::, ::V . '. i I Queensland Cricket Notes. -I '?.';? ;. . (Iiy 'fOINT.' j I The comiiig: senson, for whicli preparations lli I already . being made, promises, to be a good oil here, for with tlie amalgamation of the Cj.C.l|| and N.C.U. a better order of things should fit I vail: The National Cricket Union held their anra I .meeting .this, week,' .when. the question of coraKall irig.wllh' the 'Queensland Cricket Association ?« I finally, UnaU-with, .with tlie result that the ddt I gjlca agreed to the movement, and decided ti I levy on their clubs for the -purpose 'of meeting lli I Union's liabilities. . -| The annual report showed that .the Senior Pit 1 riilcrihlp'Wastwbn by Limestone CO.. of IpswitaJI Junior, ''by-'-Jtilton CO.; Minor Division, b) j Wj-rinum - d.C; ' -Junior .Minor, Mildura CC'] 1 Half-Holiday Competition, Valley Grocers C.C. -TB I position o! tin: N.C:U.- is a peculiar one. Tbtl 1 'liabilities, lire, over. ££0, and having asreed -M amalgamate: witli a condition that each Union p« I tl«ir own-linbllllicn.-uhe would-Uku to linoiv-ltj J , the debit is to be met, seeing that witli no citS I or offlccra there :will be 'no 'receipts. To my rabil tlie . only, possible, way out of the difficulty h \li i .the new Association' to take over the liabiliticioa both the. old. liodies.othcnvise I am afraid to i schcmc:will.iiot'pan.oiit the' siimcss it should. I \ I The annual meeting of the Toowong Klectonll 1 O!ub.wns:held.:durlng,the -week, -when the tnwM reiiort-and 'balnnco-'Bhcet'-was adopted. Tlie rcposa sUtcs:Uiat J.v IV: Clark headed the batting avora31 wlth2l!-innlnBS,.8O— «9;,and J. lliggins the bov.3 ' ing., average, i '57- -. wickets', at a cost of H.30pja wIckcL-YElcctlbn of. officers resulted: Patron, MiH .T.VFinnoy.'M.L.A. ; president, Hon. 'W. II. WihiijB if.L.C.j'.hoii.' sec'.-. and treasurer,' Mr. A. 13. Wcbha committee, 'Mesn-s.Doran, Clark, Toiler, ShitldiB and Wobli; dclcEatcs, Messrs. Uortoii and DoraaS captain, II. Iioran. ?,.:;.... -H .The = South' .Brisbane -Elcctorato O.C.'s anrauH meeting on Friday night' was largely attended, aai« most successful. .' With the new members from lh.9 Peregrine anci Eton (N;C.U.), the South shoiiii turn out- a vcr}-. strong : team.' ' Officers clectidH ratron, Mr; W. Stephens, M.L.A., president, Mrj3 .l.-Davics;)ioli. secretary, Mr. R. Long; hon. teal surer, ;Mr.:\V. T. Fisher; selection committee!] Messrs. .Lewis, Rogers, and T. Long. | A public meeting' was' held on Wcdnradaj «'M Kelvin Grove for the purpose of forming an Elecjfl torate team for the Enoggera Klectorate. 0%'i CIH persons attended, and it was nn enthusiastic nwt.H Ing. A strong committee was formed to mjiktilla arrangement. Mr. K. W; Thurlow lias givca'thsl club the use of his paddock— a One piece I oti ground. ? ' ? i .a 