-Gar Betters. It announced that* the Dolce of York is to bfetjromoted to the rank of Bear Admiral and will hoist his pennant on H.1LS. Royal George, thte British flagship which will salute the ^American fleet which, nnder Admiral Dewey, is about to visit Great Britain. \- - * • * •• *' The ,Empress of Germany is one of the few eipert horsewomen of which the Royal houses of Europe can boast. Judging by the precautions taken to render the horses devoted to her use absolutely safe—or as safe . as horses can toe trained to be—it does not look to the ordinary horsewoman as if her powers were very practically tested. This, however, is a detail, and the fact that she can ride is worthy of note.« Her husband is fond of horaeB.but parts company with his mount often enough to provoke the mirth of the thousands to whom this most conscientious and high pressure of monircha is a continual source of interest Kine Humbert of Italy is famous for his falls, and never rides if he can help it; while the.Kinus of Denmark, Greece and Sweden have caring for horseback exercise. The King of Portugal, being fat, can be excused for not caring" for horseback exercises. The King of Servia is really afraid of horse*, and suffers aRonies when mounted. Queen Wilhelmina tides from a Benae of duty, but has none ot that love of riding that distinguished Queen Victoria in lier young days. In our own Royal family none of the' young Princesses, with the exception of the little Battenburg Princess, care much fo t riding, and the Princes', who used to be.a fearless and graceful rider, has given up horseback exerciFe a'most entirely. The Prince rides well, but no more than necessary, but tVie Dukes of Coburg and Connaught are expert horsemen. • •« » The Emperor of Germany has sent a comic artist to gaol for six months for daring to caricature the magniflcenc"! of the Father land, which is Kaiser Bill himself. This is one of the most civilised countries nn the face of the earth in the year 1898 ! No'hing could better ehow the dreadful measure of Kaiser Bill's inhumane pmileless egotism. He is too deeply impressed with asenRe of bis own magnitude to harbor even the ghost of a sense ot humor,- and the po->r artist who darps to draw him one whit less beautiful than he is represented in his myriads of elaborately " touehed-up" photoeraphs is held guilty of lete majesteand clapt inlo priBon. We wonder the charge wan not blasphemer, One has only to remember how Queen Victoria was caricatured years ago in the clever but treasonable London TOMAHATJK to realise how much ahead of Germany England is in this respect, » • » It is not generally known that Her Majesty the Queen is an enthusiastic chrysanthemum grower. Last, month she was an exhibitor for the third time, and secured the first prize for twplve incurved cut blooms and six Japanese incurved Her Majeafy also secured second and third prizes for chrysanthemums at the same show. 