OUR LONDON LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN COltUl^l'ONBKNl».] LONDON, April 7. The" All alle Dreyfus,' which for a brief season had almost disappeared from public notice, has suddenly burst for I li with greater notoriety than ever. A fresh and vivid interest has been Id carried into the old bones of the case. Ev intently the Bical national calling which centres round the lonely pi souci on the Devil's Wild is Itppioiltmng a set it is al acts M. ItipUy, when the refund the (use (ollie United Coun tot Cassation, t bought he had chosen the sole tribunal which the nation could respect. It seems to be the fate of the Anti Dicyfusurds thirtieth cleverness turns against them, For while the judges In jealous secrecy sit solemnly discussing, with closed (doors, those Ideittotolletted by the Criminal (Chamber, the public are being placed in possession of this evidence Itself through the enterprise of the famous Parisian journal, the Ryrie. How the editor obtained possession of a copy of the precious volume of evidence is a secret which he keeps locked up in his own breast, but that he i is, day by day, publishing pages of ttslltuoiiy containing most stn pi using revelations, is patent to everyone. of course, this is a direct defiance of the law, and will prob Sibly expose the journal to present Jon and line, but what are a few hundred seamen computed to the timely dous muslim and huge financial profit resulting from this first exhibition of Opera pi ins and independence. The nation will constitute itself the arbiter of the case, and will have pronounced its verdict long before the (Court's Judgment of the? appeasement " is ready to be declared The Figaro Tues the loo changed sides in the Dreyfus affair, and the fact that it is now in favour of the convicted man indicates How strongly the current of public opinion is running in the direction of acquittal. There. is great speculation on as to how the fVnaro secured possession of the Premier of the inquiry held by the criminal section of the Court of Cassation. But the mystery is not so great as might at. first appear, for 11, shows that 50 copies of this huge document of 300 pages of evidence were distributed among the body of judges up promised to review the case. It was almost inevitable that some leakage should take Slape. According, to one report, the road once was transmitted by phonograph in order that no trace of "copy in writing might be left, but the editor says Dial " one-night a person who is not a judge, or a barrister, or a compositor, or a friend of the Dreyfus bitterly, called and offered it without asking for payment." Lucky editor to obtain the finest bit of " copy " of the century on such easy terms ! The nluiblo-witled Parisians at once spotted M. Freycinet, the Minister of War, is the culprit, but this is not proved us yet. The revelations arc a death blow to the reputation. of the General Staff of the French Army. If the Generals are not rogues, then they are fools, and on either supposition unfit to direct the military destinies of a great and proud nation. Consternation prevails in the camp of the nntl-Droyfusiird.s, It is manifestly impossible to do more than convey an impression respecting this mass of evidence, . bristling as it does with endless complica- tions and divergent issues. M Dupuy, the present Prime Minister, and the occupant of the same office as the Line of the Dreyfus trial, comes badly out of the examination. He reveals how the under handedness which has throughout characterised the case was associated even with its origin. After a Cabinet meeting General Mercier showed the fiords nut II to Dupuy, Haiiolaux, and Casimir Perier, The President of the Republic. Why His secret was confided to this cabal and not to the Cabinet as a whole is not explained. When experts were divided in opinion as to whether the document was in the handwriting of Dreyfus, the Government called by the. dreamer Bertillou, and secured the verdict they desired. Even at that early stage, however. Ilaiiotiiux'ssuspioloiis were aroused assertive genuineness of the document. In his treatment of the alleged confession made by Dreyfus to Captain Lebrun Renault the Prime Minister was still most unfair. When confronted with the President; Captain Lcbrun-llcniiult refused to substantiate the report of the confession, and, Indeed, never signed a statement that it had been made until three years after the condemnation, then under pressure. But M. Dupuy did not insist upon a categorical answer, but was content to assume the confession without further attempts to verify its correctness. Finally, at the end of his deposition before the Court of Cassation, Dupuy admitted having remarked to a colleague, " I wonder if we were not the victims of a proilIgV)UH blundering 1894." The evidence of M. Cavaignac was 'an exhibition of special pleading throughout.' He is as stubbornly convinced of Dreyfus'sgiiiltas.: when he. as Minister of War, published I Henry's forgery land. had itupluoardcd in every .coiftrúune la France. It goes for a nothing- that he himself subsequently dies «..oycj__ tImC journey Mr committed the ""'Isle of forgery. He laboured to show assist the bordereau must have been written "a? Dreyfus In imitation of the handwriting of Esterhazy When confronted with the J/Siiiuy.dilltcultlesof this theory, he daringly declared that even if Esterhazy admitted to the authorship of the murderer, It would not strike his' conviction of Dreyfus's guilt. 'He alluded to a fresh batch of secrets which he could not reveal, even to the Court of Appeal, He complained of the- unfairness of. throwing the onus of ' proof upon the General Staff and declared that Dreyfus ought to establish his 11111000,1100. Such un.cxjilbitlon of partisan- ship was most grotesque GeneraMfoget was a-witness of much the same slump. He gave a long and very artful state. ment of the case against Dreyfus, but persistently, ignored the fact that Henry, a confessed criminal, AVIIH all The while at the General Staff!', and equally able to supply, the information vvliichloakcd out. He threw (Colonel Jas Pitty do Chun overboard, bill made a feeble effort to defend Esterhazy, until one of the judges wanted to know why the latter per.sistently styled himself " the man of the General Staff'." Then Rogot expressed doubts as to Killer-; hazy good faith, and declared that even' on oath he would not accept his testimony that he had written the Iwnlnrwiu. He also had the imbecility to declare that Dreyfus must be guilty, because he denied everything. The deposition of Colonel Du Paty de Clam was a wonderful picture of the rottenness and folly. ruling in and about the General SUM', he declared that all his acts were known to his superiors, and approved by them, and that it was they and not he who should be held responsible. He admitted that he suspected the authenticity of Henry's forged document long before it was discovered to be false, but that his efforts to arrive at the truth had been thwarted, a clear proof that the real traitors were still at large. Practically the witness continued the main facts of the theatrical proceedings connected with the preparation of Esterhnzy'a defence. It is plain that he and Henry, and other representatives of the General Staff', afforded Esterhazy the means to repel the accusation that he had betrayed the secrets of the General Staff'. It is clear that the Generals feared that if Esterhazy were proved guilty the result would be the exoneration of Dreyfus and Picquart. It shows the extremity of their fear when we and an emissary of the Stall' dictating to Esterhazy threatening letters to the President of the Republic unless he Inter- poses his authority, and stops the impend- ing revelations. The grotesque machinery used to avert suspicion of the intervention of the niilltarychiefswas all acknowledged by the agent of the General Staff'. Indeed, it has now been shown that the Impressions together "veiled lad heavies Colonel Du Patty de Clam himself, and other theatrical devices were also shamelessly admitted. But, perhaps the most interesting dis- closure yet made is contained in the evidence of M. Berteaux. It has produced a profound and painful impression throughout France, and has revived the worst suspicions entertained regarding the motives and conduct of certain officers of the General Staff, The amazing and deplorable scene in which the examining magistrate brought Colonel Henry to his knees was quite dramatic Bertulus's examination of certain documents enabled him to tell Henry that they contained crushing burges against Esterhazy and Du Paty de Clam, and showed that Esterhazy had found guilty assistance in Um Intelligence Department. Henry then confessed that Esterhazy and Du Paty de Clam were the authors of the "Blanche" and "Sperunzii" telegrams, and begged him to save the honour of the army, and to do nothing officially in the shape of arrests until he (Henry) had communicated with General Roget. The magistrate consented, and then, remembering his old and friendly relations with Henry, he detained him, and said, "Esterhazy and DuPatydoClamaiegullty. DuPatydcClum must blow out his brains this evening, and justice must follow its course against Esterhazy, the forger and not the traitor. But there is still a danger, and you are that danger. I have documents which paint a most detestable picture of your character and aptitudes. Your enemies may say that you supplied Esterhazy with Information," A very dramatic scene ensued. Henry sank into a chair speech- less. " Suddenly," says, "Bertulus, He be gan to weep; then he lose, caught me in his arms, held my face between his two hands, and kissed me on the forehead and the cheeks, repenting ' Sine mc.' I washed them back into his chair, and Walled till his sobs diminished. Then suddenly, as if waking up, he said, 'Esterhazy isa bandit Without leaving him time to continue, even if he had meant to, I retorted. 'Esterhazy is the author of the bordereau. Henry. said neither yes nor no. he contented himself with repeating 'Do not Insist, do not insist ; before all the honour of the Arno.' I did not think it right to take more mUnn (age of this sit mill ran, Henn miss so up set that I felt for Illili, he was a suppliant in all the houses firewood. I had only to see to the ' Speraiuu and Blanche ' forgeries, and to go no further. When Henry wife leaving my office he passed be formerly child; then, taking menace to mv room, he asked me as a particular find out to go out -w Ith him as far as the witnesses' leader, in order that people might see that we were on good terms, and that was liotaiicsflngliim." General Roget has replied to all this w is a torrent of abuse, going to show that Bcitulus as a logue unit capable of anything, but, an fortunately, the only w Itucss he um pro duccof all this is Hcinj. As the Britain remarks, the ghost of the wretched suicide 01 murdered man hovers over the whole inquiry. The holiday season has been more than usually prolific of disasters, but the terrible catastrophe on the pitiless Cas quite eclipsed one) thing else. The de tails connected with this calamity have reached you from other sources, but I may mention that the cool headedness and resource displayed by the crew and the quiet heroism of the passengers were sent a tin all through the nation. The opinion is growing that the work was not altogether due to the deceptive effect of the fog, but that life ICCUICSSIILSS of the miistei.lHul much to do with the loss of the Stella When a plan declares I mean to be in by 5, ON en If I hit cafe in % neck," and blacks on speed to redeem his pledge, one iiiiiiiol but believe there is boiiietliuiK In the story that systematic lacing picMiils, to get j impelled by a desire to inform the airship. The free trade section of the Cape to Cairo Railway has been promptly guaranteed by the Government of the Kaiser, but, strange to say, Mr. Rhodes has ex presented with a chilling reception from the British Government that he is said to have abandoned all idea of seeking a coal antee for the section up to Lake Tanganyika, and will raise any capital he may require without the aid of the Chancellor of the Exchequer. The Govern must have been hesitating to accept so small measure of financial responsibility for over a year, but none know the reasons which influence them. They ought to be strong ones if the , overhead the consider nations which have seemed the support of Germany. Sir Michael Hicks Beach will be called upon to explain his hostility to a [man whom Germany has found it worth their while to aid. . We hear very contradictory i reports as to the Pope's health, but the general opinion is not optimistic, and many believe that a new election is imminent. What will be the outcome of the failure conclave? It is believed that Cm dollar Vaitgli m will be a candidate, and as the Kaiser's favouiitecaidinal is not in the I nursing, the Emperor will probably support the English Roman Catholic Primate. It is said that more than a third of the Italian cardinals and several of the French will support his tiuidldiituie, The s.s. Cuzco brought the first ship- ment of Australasian apples, and Tasmania's contribution consisted of about 8,000 cases The steamer did not commence unloading until the 5th, but next day borne 5,000 cases of Tasmanian apples were offered at Covent Garden The folk of the fruit was in good condition, but a small proportion appealed tohavesulltitd on the voyage, and presented the appearance of being over chilled. Complaints were also heard that some of the fruit was not sufficiently ripe, that it was badly guided, and some of it not w or to the cost of shipment. In some cases the pikes appealed to justify these utilising, for it cannot pay thepiodutei to i etc! we H/, by/, 01 evenly per case when it costs him 1/0 freight, to say nothing of packing, dock charges, salesmen s commission, etc. Anything over 10/ will probably leave a margin of profit, which, of course, increases rapidly when the pi ices realised best yam and the year before are obtained But the prospect of again realising those satisfactory prices seems small in view of the ever Inn easing competition from Canada and America. This year Canada has not proved so dangerous owing to a short nap, but great quantities of apples have tonto forward i in California and Oregon excellent fruit, line, juicy, and attractive in an pennants. It has been selling freely at from 8/0 to 13s per case, and as the average charge for conveyance in cool stores from Boston to London is only 17 per case, the pi ice is probably satisfactory to Aiiicticau growers. The Tasmanian consignment comprised over 30 different blands I cite the prices realised for some of the more important varieties New York Pippins. 12/0 to 19 per case ; illiston pippins, 9/6 to the; Prince Alfred 9/0 to lt/0; Alfilstons. 8s to 10s, Alexander's, 8s to 12s, Adams' pear mains, 10/ to 12/. The Victorian fruit realised 10/ to 17/, and the best Adelaide 17s to 20s, but doubtless the producers In those two of colonies have learnt the useless ness of sending any but the best fruit It is early days to be speculating about theiiovvGovcriioi for Tasmania, seeing that Lord Uoi mansion intends to return to complete his time of service for pension at the conclusion of his holiday. Many people thought that Sir William Macgregor, the Lieutenant Governor of New Guinea, was likely to receive the succession as a reward for his brilliant administrative efforts in Papua, but a Scotch doctor with nothing but stn ring merit to recommend him has, I fear, a rather poor chance at the Colonial Office. He has just started for Lagos, which is even more of a (death trap for Eui opeans than New Guinea. I hear he is reluctant to go, but cannot afford to blight his career. He, however, very w seely goes alone, leaving his wife and daughter to follow after the rainy season. I hear it whispered that Baron Ampthill, private secretary to Mr. Chamberlain, is. likely to start hisRubeniatorliilcaieei In Tasmania, lloisaveiyflnefellow in many respects, just Jul y ears of age, an athlete, and possessed of his runs He married Lady May get et, daughter of the sixth Earl Beauchamp, in 1861, and succeeded his father, the first Baron Ampthill, in 1884., Ills sneer at the Colonial Office indicates that he has been marked out for advancement He was the British delegate at the Brussels Intet national Sugar Conference in 1868. He is Provincial Grand Master of Freemasons In Bedfordshire. I may mention, with all reserve, a rumour that Earl Beauchamp is engaged to one of Lord Ampthill sisters, most probably the Hon. Augusta Vlllii'is, a girl of 20. Sir Philip Fysh has been spending a few days at Flinton, a very quiet little town on the east coast. As there has been an solutely nothing to do during the holiday season, the Agent General has deferred his return until early next week. He was invited to attend a meeting of the Article Club, and participate in a discussion on the best means of abolishing foreign sugar bounties, but, seeing that the question has small interest for Tasmania, he left the delimitation of the bounty system In the able hands of his Queensland colleague, Sir Her he Tozer. As you are doubtless aware, the Governor of Victoria has decided literary bent. In the current number of the Nineteenth Century he lins reviewed for the information of Englishmen the progress of the federation movement from its inception to the latest phase. This would be ancient history to you, but It may be mentioned that Lord Brassey recognises Mr. A. I. Clark's assistance in drafting the Commonwealth Bill of 1891, and also sets out in some detail the views of Sir Philip Fysh in regard to federation being the only means of removing all hindrances to trade, of giving adequate protection to the colonies and of securing that Tasmania -a strategical point of extreme importance, whether for defence or for an attack on Australiasia defended with federal funds. Another article of singular interest and hopefulness is contributed by Mr. Alexander Sutherland, who has made his mark as an Australian historian. He writes on the natural decline of warfare, and by reference to history justifies the happy conclusion that war is doomed, though he admits that the world is ripen- ing slowly for the change. The article will well repay perusal. Coincident with the arrival of the now Agent-General, I'htive noticed a revival of public interest in the progress of your " nice little, tight little island." Many interesting evidences of its enterprise, Its development, and its financial vitality have been mentioned, and the result can scarcely fail to be helpful. The official representatives of the colonies should gratify the Inquest fineness of the public in every way, and solicit the assistance of the press in satisfy- ing It. The return of the Belgian Antarctic expedition to Punta Arenas is a welcome surprise. It left for the South Pole at the end of 1807, and had not been heard of since January 1st, 1898, when it was reported off Staten Island, to the east of Tierra del Fuego, At that time Lieut, de Gei laches, the Commander, had abandoned the idea of sailing round the supposed South Polar continent from the latitude of Cape Hot n to Victoria Land, which lies to the sailing of Australia he proposed instead to fall due south, pausing the South Shetlands and Graham's Land, to the Weddell Sea, discovered by James Weddell by 18ft The brief telegraphic reports at present received indicate that M. de Gerlache has been able to make important additions to our knowledge of the Antarctic regions. These will be all the more valuable, as apparently) neither the' British nor the Ger- man uxpcilllions'planncd for next year propose to explore the Weddell Sea, The Cyclists' 'Touring dish add Lad) Barberton combined have contributed to the amusement of the nation. The former brought a test case against the landlady) of the Hautboy Inn, Ockhuiii, and the latter undertook to prove it, but failed to do so. the criminal law was invoked against it squeamish landlady In order to decide whether Iniikcepcis mu) 01 may not infuse to serve ladles in "nationals." Lad) Hai her son's title to fame is that she has devoted her life to familiarising the British imba It with this form of knlclU'lbodceis. she invariably cycles lil nationals, and thinks they look much nicer than skirts. but she admits they are not suitable for all companies. She would not wear them at officiate, machines, but she luulHialked in Regent si i cut in them, and had cycled thousands of miles is in them. Never theless, the status of HIGH costume is still mille- at l mined, for the case I fully decided noth sing more than that the line jim John at the Hautboy Inn is a decent and proper room for a lady w till nationals to lunch In. The landlady is evidently a very uucoiuproiuls . ing character. When Lady Harberton appeared and asked for lunch she looked her over, and not liking her "nationals" told her plainly she could lunch in the bin pin lost', but not in the coffee room). The aristocratic Cldlst's fastidious tastes were offerred. Ad nail), the halpin loin smelt of bee) and smoke, when there was a working time in It enjoying a pipe when she peeped in. However, as she could get no better terms she left and complained to the club. 'The landlady di chief that if she had let Lady I lal belton into the coffee room her business would have been mined as having admitted the print Isle of " nationals ' she could not have excluded other ladies who disputed an skin lights, and who rather frequented the district where the Hautboy Inn was situated. The Court, while so far agreeing with Lady Hmbolton that she would have been justified in refusing to eat her lunch in the coal cellar, left it to the jury to decide if a bar parlour wasafltiuidrciesoiiablcpltieefoi a meal, and the British Philistines promptly declared that the landlady was w within their rights Lord Coleridge, who appeared for the Club, wanted the Jury to explicitly decide "if Lud) Herberton was properly clothed." They leaded this delicate Issue, except!)) inference. The ruined cities buried in the forests of Mexico, Yucatan, Ceylon, and dues here have closed much speculation, but a disco cry is just reported from Arkansas which quite eclipses all other prehistoric cities. A Major Fontitlno is field to li who discovered in that State a fossil city of the Chinese type, 12 miles square, and capable of containing a population of 11,000,000 double that of London, and five times that of Pekin. It is a distinctly staggering statement, and will need a good deal of continuation before our antiquarians will become seriously excited. The Carlyle t ult Is wailing A few years ago the announcement of an unpublished work BY thoSeoi of Ckclsoa would have created a sensation, but it does so no longer. Yet his " Historical Sketches of Notable Persons and Events in the reigns of James I. and Charles I me full of blight, spin kling narrative and vivid pen traiture. Appin co of) the sketches were original studies for a work on Clonmell, whom Carlyle regarded as the central figure of the 17th ten tiny, but finding that they did not adequately carry out his designs, he set them aside, and abandoned the idea of publication. Half the book is about the Stuat is Cat lyle's portrait of James I is very striking. Though he is ridiculed as "an immense clock lieu," yet he is nlsoiecogiiised as a noticeable and not unlovable man" who ought to have been a schoolmaster, and not a king Charles I. commands a qualified admiral lion, butOlivit Is hailed as a stronghold. Bacon, Noy, and others are hit off in a hasty, impressionist melodramatic style, but it must always be remembered that these sketches were never revised 01 intended for publication. Tltc Roberts Dawson billiard match is claimed, somewhat hypothetically, as the most brilliant struggle of the century. Still li was a notable game from first to last, with strange inequalities of play on the part of both. The net result is that the champion maintains his old attend enty. Dawson played creditably enough, but many believed that Roberts could have run away from him at any time he liked, if the "gate" had permitted such tactics As it was the interest in the play was so skilfully maintained that 42,000 was netted Dawson and tributes his defeat to III health, and appeals to consider that his Australian trip was at the beginning of the mischief. He talks of a fresh challenge next year, but it is simply audacity for him to think he can play the finest exponent of elie all i oral game on level terms Roberts' elegant, rapid, and accurate play all round the table shows he is still far ahead of all competitors. The wedding of Mr. W. It Vanderbilt, jun., and Mrs Virginia Fad was cousin al ed at New York on Easter Tuesday with all the pomp befitting such pi religiously fortunate young people We are assured that they already possess in solid cash 20,000OfJOdol., that Mrs Vanderbilt will inherit another 10,IXX),OOOdol., and her husband mother 100.000,000dol. when his father dies. Study this is to be rich beyond the dreams of an at home, The guests were limited to 150, the very pick of even the "New York 100 The guests collected in the white and gold ballroom at Mrs. Oelrichs house. The pretty little alarm was elected in a lose Ulled consol valor, and two acolytes hovered around in order to faintly suggest a religious ceremony. The nuptial knot was tied in a few minutes by a Roman Catholic priest when a merry party sat down to breakfast at tables so arranged as to i as late from the bridal group in the centre. The honeymoon was passed at Mr. Viutdeibill's place, Idle Home, near Islip The bride's going away costume was very becoming to her In pretty style of beauty. It consisted of a black cloth tailor gown, with a long close fitting tunic and skill quite untrimmed, and an Eton jacket, the levels of which were embroidered with white linen. Under it was w o n a bodice, Cut off the slip t w alst model, of apple green sand silk, ivy with a yoke and longitudinal band in front of the em bordered white linen The front of the bodice was tucked horizontally with white satin, with which the entire dress was also fined. With this the bride wore a Trelawny hat, toque shaped, of black plaited straw, the only trimming being white camellias and green leaves Although overwhelmed with (levels, the only ornament the bride wore on her wedding day was her husband's gift, a great pear shaped pearl, hanging from a huge ruby set with diamonds The Devil's work at Monte Carlo went on merrily in 1898 II, and the Casino Co have just dist over ed that their income for the year was £1,004,000. Singular to say, the results at the end of Jimmu) showed the receipts were a million fumes behind the in charge, but the takings during the last two months have been prodigious The tables have been exceptionally luck), but one wealthy Yorkshire colliery owners carried off £15,000 its the result of three weeks consistent plunging A Russian Count won 150,00 flames in one night. The original shares of the company were £20, and they are now quoted at £171. 'The Prince of Monaco leaps a rich him rest from the tables. He is supposed to be worth, at least, £2,000,00, while 40 years ago a hen old Blanc arrived in Monaco and seemed the original coo-ees sion, the Prince was almost penniless. Every schoolboy has heard of the ii heat discovered in the Egyptian Pyramids, but an equally remarkable find has recently been made in the East which is exciting much attention in scientific circles In Paris and London. A sarcophagus seen turning a human head) in in perfect state of preservation, immersed in a yellowish liquid, has been discovered. Berthelot, the eminent French chemist, has analysed a sample of this liquid, and reports that it is nothing but nature with some carbonate of lime. How ci es this may be, the body, It seems, was presented in a wonderful manuel-notwithstanding that the in- ten mile organs had not been removed and the flesh was still tender to the touch, and retained most of its natural colour, as if death had occurred only a few hours in stead of countless centuries back. It is believed that this wonderful result is due to the skill of the Phtiiiiicnuis, who were superior to the Eg) pains in the process of embalming the dead. Possibly the pie sensitive qualities of this simple compound may be turned to commercial advantage in these days of extreme compete Mon. Mr. Haddon Chambers, the young Aus- tralian playwright despite his 90 odd years he still looks a mere boy-has achieved another success with the first real corned) which he has written. The Tyranny of fun Is described iwavoiucdy of "temperament." It is a bright play, full of small talk and clever observation, never farcical, but never dull. Cleverness of dialogue and skilful handling of delicate situations are palpable throughout ; but the critics declare that It is to the finish and judgment shown in the characterisa- tion that the success of Mr. Chambers must be chiefly attributed. Charles Wyndham, as the popular novelist with a wife afflicted with chronic liichrymoscness, has a part which enables him to achieve a personal triumph. When the curtain fell a demonstrative and delighted house congratulated the author unanimously. 