THE TESTIMONY OF ESTHER SANDYS. BY ROMA WHITE. CHAPTER XII. And what of Esther 1 How had it come about that Joniah had had no word from the woman he had married two years ag« in the church at Lancaster ? this is what bad happened after her recognition of her first husband, and surely pity sao excuse her for her silence. After the storm the bad slumbered nneaBily into the morning, and whan sue awoke, Humphrey, fully dressed, was Btanding look ing duwn upon her. she stretcnea out ner hand to him, but did not speak. This was, juat then, the effect of physical exhaustion. The intense shock which she had received had left her in a condltien ef nervous laaai tude in whioh roiad anil brain shrank mechanically from any further taxation of their powers. ?? Are you better ?' Humphrey asked her, still with soma anxiety. ' I am quite well.' she anBwered, calmly. She would have spoken then, if she could, but she was incapable of the effort. ' Do you know that everything is packed/ and that apost-ehaiBeis waiting dewn below, and lhat, as soon asyou are dresBed and have had some breakfaBt. we must be off J' he | asked, smiling kindly at her, relieved by her ] quietness, which appeared le Mm that of xe- 1 cohered strength. '? Is it bo late ?' she inquired, mechani cally. ' You were up late last night, you know. Ah ! here is Janet te help you.' He left the room as Janet entered it, and Esther greeted the woman with her new dull ' calm. I She dressed in silence and passed into the | next room. Humphrey awaited her at the j breakfast-table, and urged her to make a substantial mea!. She sat down, and poured ! out his tea, and listened to his convcrsa- { tion. By and bye she realised thai he was j telling her about the wreck. All on board j had been loKt but the man she had seen upon i the bench the night before; and he was ! ensconced in the best bedruuin, slightly de- ' llrious,nnd quite prostrate after the exposure. ' Will he die? ' aakt-d Esther. ' They hopo to pull him through,' re joined Humphrey. ' Jfo one knows hie name. However, I've left some money with the landlord for him.' He hurried her a little after this, for the post-chaise had been Borne time waiting. When she was inside it, rumbling away from the scene of the tempeBt and of that terrible night, she pressed her forehead agaiast the padded cushions, and tried to think. The identity of Josiah Phizacklea had not been discovered: she endeavoured to be- ' lieve that Bbe might have been mistaken, I though at the bottom of her heart she was ' convinced she had made no error in her ! recognition. She turnad it all over and over in her weary brain. Then the apathy des- j cended upon her again, and she sank into a hopeless quietude.and allowed events to take their course. Esther was only brought home to suffer a sharp attack of illness, which everybody put down to the nervous shock Bhe had received on the night of the storm. The true nature of that shock was still concealed; though, as each d»y passed by, she expected the rerela tion to came from Little Tarneide, Josiah must inevitably have returned there, and he was not likely to maintaiu silence on the subject of the wedding. Mr. Eglin, were he still Vicar, would hear of it, and would, of course, coinmunicatu with Humphrey. She brgan to listen apprehensively for the auund of the bell whiob the postman carried on hia rounds; and the Bight of a letter carrier on horee-back made her shiver all over with nervous terror. But, as the days and weeks passed by without bringing the dreaded news from Little Tarnside, this m«uul attitude began to change. She coiomonoed to wonder whether Josiah bad ever gone bauk again; or whether, if be had returned, he had not perhaps belirved himself to have no claim upon her. When this thought came, like a ray of hope, she ceased tu lie motionless, with closed eyes and trembling lips, upon the couch in the oak pannelled room; and beguu to move fitfully, and r&ther; restlessly; hither and thither in tbe Priory. She was waking up to a realisation of the possibility of escape; and, with fresh consciousness, she better comprehended the entire position. Her own connection with Little Tarnside was completely severed. Tim kept up no correspondence in those days of rare letter writing; and the situation of the Priory was, to tilt) Inhabitants of FurnesB, a meaningless locality somewhere in a remote South. If Josinh Phizauklea bad as on consideration she found possible, maintained silenoe con cerning that ceremony at Lanoaster.she need never reveal tu Humphrey that she had seen her ttrst huBband on the night of the stoim at Chase Heyes. The temptation wasBtrong; and, as each day passed, it increased the impossibility of telling Humphrey what she knew. But ihc tight was too much for her strength. She f- II ill again, and, when her son was born, there was a pitiful struggle between life and ,k-ath. The physician who attended her heard the faint delirious accents, but took little note of them; and Humphrey was seldom allowed in the aiok roera. Then, as she grew stronger she became quiet again. The doctor, per ceiving that this slight young thing had'more power of Belf -control than would be credited to her by a careless observer, hud toldlier. quietly and firmly, that if she excited or dis IresBed herself, her child would be a sufferer. The warning was sufficient for Esther. She put away her trouble, with a resolution ami enlm that uscouiBhed even herself at times. She determined to think out the matter, and to see what roust be dont.when she was fullj recovered, but no sooner. It was, however, during her convalescence that she developed the habit of lying, in her quiet moments, with firmly clenched hands, betraying uu consciously that she held her meutal activi tics in a similarly inflexible custody. Humphrey was very happy at this perioi ' of his life. A new tenderness had awakene( in him for his wife, and he rejoiced in thi possession of hie eon, who, be trusted, wouli become more like a human being astimi advanced. Lady Sandys was jubilant; bu Esther, with quick instinct, realised that an; iffeotion her grandmother might have ono felt for herself had been transferred to ho baby. In trutli, her tiny ladyahip had nevei loved Esther for her own pensonaJity, bu for her surname. The bahy now usurped al ' the corn«r« of itB great-grandmother's heart for it contained in its minute person.* mor condensed essence of the blood of all th ijaudys. She always asserted that itpai seesed the family eyes, though tbe hruel brl of the JuppB stared and blinked solemnly a the firelight from the cradle by tin mother' bed. ' . lady Sandys went back to Hurst Hall »oo after Esther haa taken her ordinary place i the Priory. Her hut words to the youn ?neither contained an injunction always t let the baby wear flannel next to its skin. As she drove away in the family chaise, how ever, she shook her head with a dainty airy motion, as if she would not answer for any consequences that might entue as u result of her departure. And when she reached her own home abe sat duwu and penned a long letter te her grand-daughter, containing in stnctipns which she bad omitted to specify during her visit. Esther laughed with some renewal ef her old merriment over the document. She read it Bitting under the elm trees, shaded from the hot July sunshine, with her baby on her lap. Then Bhe put it away, and sat looking dewn into the tiny pink face against her boBein. She was not aware that she made a picture, but a pair of eyes fixed upon her as their owner advanced, found her pleasing to their regard, and veiled their usual bold glances with an expression of admiration and senti ment. Then FitzRoy Sandys came up to the elm-treos, and bowed low before her. 'Mr. FitaRoy Sandys! When did you came? ' she exclaimed with a certain quaint ness that he found pleasing now he ; could trace in her tones no accent of the peasant, ' Five iniuuteB ago, precisely. I have come t* beg Humphrey's hospitality— and your own.' He bad not seen her since her mar riage, aud his eyes travelled slowly up and dewn her ligure and ever her face and hair, as if te appreciate every detail of the change. ' ' We shall be pleased ' to enter tain you,' Esther answered, „ with the little . dignified air, sheBOmetimes . wuie now. ' If you would be good enough to.ribg the bell at the front-door, Janet will came for the baby and 1 will find Humphrey.' ' Let me take baby. It is— ah— quite .1 new toy, is it not ?' said FiUHoy, with im perturbable gravity. Esther flushed a little, and hugged her baby nervously. She resented this toae he always took with her, which was tinged with tho protective familiarity that a young man might use to a child. ' Are you afraid that I shall break it ?' he continued, in the same fashion, sitting down beside her on the gardeB seat. ' i assure you 1 will carry it with the greatest circumspection. I will noteven prick it with a pin to see if the sawdust will come out.' ' I do not care for such jokes, Mr. Fitz Roy Sandys,' said Esther suddenly, turning to him with gravity, nnd pressing her baby's face against her shoulder that FitzBoy might not catch so much as a glimpse of it. ' Be kind enough to do as 1 asked you.' He rose then immediately, bowed his head and went acresa tbe lawn to the door. As lie went he smiled to himself. ' Mv little lady has improved Hince her marriage,' he thought. ' Able to hold her own now. I shall enjoy my visit here, evidently.' Janet came out in answer to the bell, and took the little warm white bundle away int» the house. Then Esther rose with a touch of langour, folded her light Bhawl about . her shoulders, and led FitzRoy round to the side entrance which would admit them opposite the door ef the library. He went in to announce himself to Humphrey; and she left him, to give her orders' to the servants. When ahe returned to her Beat under the elm trees her husband and guest joined her. She listened to their desultory talk, scarcely tak ing in it« import, bo sad were her musings. They were speakintr of Jonathan Gibson. ' He is getting woree. Michael told me the other day that he is always taking the keys of the Chinch, and lockiug himself in there. Michael has taken him and his daughter to Jive with him. But the daughter has found work in one of the printing-mills further up the valley.' ' It is where Tim iB,' broke in Esther. ' Saranna lodges there with an old woman, and only cornea home for SundayB.' ' Ah ?' said Fitzroy carelessly. ' Ah ?' Humphrey glanced at him, but he ap peared unconsciouB, and tossed a rosebud at the peacock. ?? They say,' went on Esther, ' tbut the poor old man is much worse since his daugh ter left him. He has made himself an en tire suit of that queer red velvet he haB al ways been fond of wearing, and he preaches iu it, every night, ut the Elui Tree Corner, j in the village.' I '? Oh, I heard something of that,' said } FitzRoy. ' 1 believe he is foretelling tbe end of all the Sandys, and gays that shortly ' a great disaster is to burst upon us.' | Esther shivered, and shrank up to her uus j hnnd. Humphrey looked vexed. 'I wish I could find some way to stop him,' he said. ' It is a nuisance.' The talk ceased there, and presently the dressing-bell rang. After dinner Fitzltoy dawdled in the garden till the summer night closed in; and then told Hnmphiey he should i tnke a walk. It was too hut to go to bed at all in such weather, he added, as he set off I towards the village. It was Saturday night, and the lights were in rather later than usual ; but FiuKoy soon left their radiance behind, and strode up tho ' hill in the direction of Michael Gibs-n, the sexton's cottage, which stood a little way out of Glosford. He was at some distance from it when a sound of paltering footstepB broke through his own heavier tread. An approaching figure was unrecocrniaablo in the darkness, but, as it advanced, FitzRoy gave a little sough. Tbe Blight form that loomed before him appeared to hesitate, then sCood (till, and spoke his name in a low voice. ' Is it you, sir ?' ' I might say iB it you, Saranna ?' His tones were husbed, but they Bounded amuBed and pleased. He put out his hand, and drew the girl to him with a familial caressing gesture. ' : . . ' So you knew I nas in Gloafofd, Saranna ?' 'Yep, sir.' 'There is no need to sUrt awav f roru i me. or to try to peer through the darkness in that manner. Nobody is on this lonolj road.' ' I dursn't be seen wi'you, sir. Please lei r me go.' ' Not yet. Do you know, I was sc i inxiouB to see you that I came to Ulosforc , on purpose.' ' Please, please, let me go, Bir.' The girl was half crying, submitting to hii caresses, but starting nervously at ever; I rustling leaf. FitiRoy, however, onl; I laughed, -and drew her nearer to him. 9 'Come rip on to the moors with me 1 Saranna.' t She drew away from him again ; and, a t he pulled her back, something heavy in he f apron pocket swung againtt him, giving ou b a jingling Bound in the darkness. r 'Have you got the teaspoons in you ? pooket, Saranna ?' he asked idly, insistuj; t on drawing her closely to bis side. 1 ' No, sir. It's I' Church keys. . Uncl : leayeB them wi' me when he goeB out c e nights.' e 'The Church keys! Come, I have a capi i1.' Ul ideal You shall let us inte the Chun* a and we will have a talk in the belfry. W t shall b~o quite safe from interruption then s and yon won't keep jumping about and die locating that little neck of yours every tim D that a leaf Btlrt.' a 'Indeed, indeed I dnrsn't, sir,' mui g mured Uirsnnfl, eoniiderably soandalUed a o such a sasrilagious idea. ' Of course you dare. Bun along ami wait for me in the poroh. You aren't afraid of ghosts in the graveyard, are you ?'? ' 1 dursn't,' repeatd Saranna, but less de cidedly than before. FiuRoy smiled to him self in the darkness. A few more kiBses, a few mere whispered cajoling words, and the weak vain girl succumbed. She went swiftly away towards tbe gravevyard, while FitzRoy ?ought tbe Church from a slisbtly different direction. Glosford Church stood between the village and the Priory, and a wide green lay level on its North side. The tombstones were barely distinguishable ou this moonlight night, and FitzBoy knocked against several as he made a short out across the graveyard. Saranna, trembling a little, awaited him among the black shadows of the poich. She was less excited than frightened, but FitzRoy re garded the whole adventure as a very accept able piece of amusement. He took the key from the girl'e quivering fingers, and sought for tbe keyhole in the darkneBS. They dared nst make much sound, and Saranaa shook all ever aa tbe heavy door creaked on Us hinges. Once inside the. Church, however, she felt leiB alarmed; especially when FitzKoy closed and locked the door again, that they might be entirely seoore from interruption. ' It's very wicked, isn't it ?'. murmured Saranna, as they felt thtir way cautiously up the centre aisle, where the strewn rushes rustled -under. their feet* ? s ?' Wicked V Nonsense I What is there wicked abont it V. . . j'. r*. Only— tkeer; are angels an' devili i' chnrches, I theught.' f . . ..' ' D« you think trie devil will spring out of the chancel and run away with us ?' 41 1 don't know— I'm rather feared, sir.' ' I will take care of you, Saranna. What's this ?' As his hand, travelling over the par tition of a big square pew, came in contact j with a wreath of tinselly paper. ] ' They're t' wreaths for Ellen o' LucaB'a I sir. Uoo died last Saturday, an' th '(Jburch ! war all hung vri' them for her.' ?' What are they made of? ' I ' O' white paper roses, mostly. They. : allays hang 'em up for an unwed lass.' ! ' Hum,' said FitzRoy, as he pushed j aside the rustling papers, ' real flowers ' would look much nicer. There I have man aged to op«n that heavy door, Saranna, Come in and Bit ilown.' He drew the unwilling girl into the big un comfortable pew, and then eat down by her side upon the bench that nai fixed gainst 1 the parlitioD. | . ' Yes, I came for the sole purpose of see ing you, Saranna. I did not know how to ?' contrive to let you hear 1 was in Glosferd.' ! ' I soon heard o' it, Bir.' j ' Well, when am I going to sec you again, 1 now that I have managed to get hold of you? ' ! , ' I don't know. sir. I'm afraid o' father.' j ' He need not know anything about It.'' I ' 1 think one or two fowk do know it' village, sir.' ! ' Nonsense — what's that? ' 1 FitzKoy's voice, which had been amused ' and caressing, suddenly sharpened, Saranna would have cried out, but, with some instinct of her lack of cenlrol, he placed his hand swiftly upon her mouth.' A ray of light : was travelling across tbe chancel, widen i ing very moment, as the little north east door yths swung noiselessly open upon its 1 hinges. I ' Steep down,' whispered FitiRoy, ' and keep still.' j Sarannu obeyed him, trembling bo violently that he feared every moment she would ci y out. He also crouched buck against the side of the pew, but watched the opening door with inteutnesB. In another minute they both perceived that the intruder was Jona than Uibsvn himself. He came noiselessly , into the chancel, a swinging lantern in his ' hand, tbe raya of which fcU rouud him in a j circle of yellow light, and brought out i touches of snowy whiteness 'from hie bear d, I and sihone glafisily upon the bulls of his eyes. I When Saranna saw the stern iiuprestive I illuminated face of her father, and watched his tall shadowy form move slowly forward not tun yards from wbere she crouched with I FitzRoy in the pew, she went nearer to : fainting, than ever she had gone in her life. | FitzKoy, however, remained observant and ' calm. The spice of danger to Saranoa and : himself in thiB adventure excited him : pleasantly ; and he even smiled a iittle at the thought of the predicament in which they were placed. Jonathan Gibbon, however, did not ap proach the body of the Church. He stepped j cautiously across tbe chancel, his lantern ( sending travelling yellow gleams across the . knobs and suilaceb of the shadowed choir. ! Then he placed the light upon the ground, . fumbjed in Iris pocket for a bunch of keys I which he presently brought forth, and in- j I serted one of their number into the low iron [ bound door that led into I he vaults. The key turned with a grating Bound, the door swung open, and Jonathan took up his lantern .again, and disappeared into the narrow dark opening. They heard his cau tious footsteps, on the stairs; and FitzRoy released his admonitory clasp of Saranna's ' Where hac he gone ?' he whispered curiously. ' I cannot tell, air.' ' Have you time to get out before becomes back ?' ' I think I might venture, air.' ' Then be quick. 1 believe he is down in the vault.' The sound of Jonathan's footsteps had quite died away, and there waB time for Sar anna to escape before her fdthBr returned into the church. Fitz-Koy pushed open the door of the pew, aud hurried her down the rush-sircwn aisle. When they reached the door they paused to listen, but no sound broke the stillness of the Church. ' With a little fumbling FitzRoy once more dis covered the keyhole, turned the heavy key with a muttered oath at the grating noise it made, and steppsd quickly with Saranna in to the cool dark air of the night. 'There, take the key and run home as quickly as you can.' he whispered; '' I will go another way.' Suranna needed no second bidding; she hurried down the road as fast us her trembl ing limbs would bear her, quite forgetting that they had made no appointment far a fu ture meeting. . - FitzRoy, left in the porch, ' gave a relieved sigh, then laughed silently to himself. The fooMteps of the girl had not died away before he, too, issued from the shelter of the Church, moved swiftly round the north side of tbe graveyard— where the 1 tomsbtoneB were scanty and the nettle pro ' fuse— and tried the handle of the Braall eastern door, through which Jonathan had ; himself passed into the chancel. The old man had neglected the precaution of locking it behind him, and it yielded easily 1 to Fitzl'oy's push. In two minutes more he 1 had followed Jonathan Gibson down the nar row dark stairs that led into the vault below the church, Mb buocs making little or no sound upon the dunty boards. Now that 9 Sarannu had escaped iu safety, FitzRoy was I prepare' to enjoy his unexpected adventure j to the full. The vault below Glusford Church had once been the family burial-place of the Saudya, ' Kone of the preoent generation, however, were laid beeide the rotting bonesjof theit 9 forefathers. FitzRoy had never been into r the vault before, *nd be shivered as its, damp air .encircled him. A fteble yellow patch of light shone nt the far end, and in this little illumination he perceived the bent r shadowy form of Jonathan Gibson. All eke f in the vault was bb black as a. cavern and ac impenetrable as a moonless midnight. - ; FiLzBoy Sandys .was no coward, and ht 1 was determined to eee the meaning of tliis ' bu6incP8. He crept , cautiously and noise lessly towards the light, any rustlings he i- may have made inaudible on account of cer , tain soundBJvhich.procBeded from the neigh ' bourhood ef Jonathan Gibson : tesring^ip ' ping, sounds, suggestive of stuff draggedtor '? cibly from some adhesive substance. W1*11 \-- he was within a few steps of Jonathan, Fiti e Boy paused instinctively, for he' saw atjonco what manner of work it was upon which the . old sextonvas occupied. ; Jonathan bant over a wide wooden fcotnn, -t the lid of which had been broken opio APP' shifted (lightly to one side. The ione* coffin of soldered lead was diBtinc ly visible, bat it was not with the -bones iof the dead tliat Jonathan had any concern. The outer coffin, of fine oak, iras lined thiiugheut with a covering of orimson velve ; and tbi« velvet the old sexton hurriedly toriand ripped from the sides, dropping tbe pi cea into an open wallet which lay up«(t t e ground betide him. | The secret of Jonathan's estume had been discovered at last.' FitcBor. Sandys waited only for a few moment*, ps Boon an he saw and comprehended the oilman's midnight business in tbe vaults ofuie Chorch. He had no wish to quarrel tith Jonathan to night, nor to betray his presence to the old man. He crept back along tbe vault as he had come, tbe eexton renaming Loo intent upon hia work to hear him In two or three minutes FitzRoy had -leu the Church and stood in tbe graveyard outeide. There, it must be confessed, he sat upon a tombstone, and lauzhed jsilently, until the tears ran down his cheeks with his suppressed mirth. ''?-.. ' Good cousin ftloniphtuy !.' he mnrmured to himself, ' good cousin Humphrey ! I shall have an interesting adventure to relate to you in tbe morning.' (To.be continued.) 