My Grandfather's Will AND THE IKON KEY. CHAPTER X. ' June 19th.—Strange that wherever I am hospitably entertained I recompense my host by falling ill in hiB house. Since my last entry in this Journal I bare been lying at the gate of death, smitten down with a sors sickness. It Beems that the long exposure and weari ness of my journey to the Peak threw me into a fever: but of this I should soon have recovered, were it not for my head, which I fear will never be wholly right again. That cowardly blow upon Malabar Hill bas made a ead wreck of me ; twice, when I seemed in a fair way to recovery, has my mind entirely given way. Mr. Eversleigb, indeed, assures me that my life has moie than once been despaired of—and then what would have become of poor Margery ? 1 hope I am thankful to God for so mercifully sparing my poor life, tbe more so because conscious how unworthy I am to appear before Him ' I trust I did not betray my secret in my wanderings. Mr. Bversleigb tells me I talked the Btrangest stuff at times —about rubies and skeletons, and a certain dreadful face from which I was struggling to escapp. But the security of my Journal and the golden clasp, which I recovered to-day, somewhat reassures me. I am allowed to walk in the garden for a short space every day, but not until to-day have I found strength to dig for my hoard. I can hardly describe my emotions on finding it safe and sound. 'Poor Margery! How anxious she must be getting at my silence. I will write her to-morrow—ct least I will begin my letter to-morrow, for I shall not have strength to finish it in one day. Even now I ought not to be writing, but I cannot forbear making an entry in my recovered Journal, if only to record my thankfulness to Heaven for my great deliverance. ' June 22nd —I have written to Mar gery, but torn the letter up on second thoughts, as I had better wait until I hear news of a vessel in which I can safely travel bome. Mr. Eversleigb (who is very kind to me, though not so hearty as Mr. Sanderson) will not hear of my starting in my present condition I wonder in what part of tbe world Colliver is travelling now. 'July 1st.—Ob, this weary waiting! Shall 1 never see tbe shores of England again ? The doctor says that I only make myself worBe with fretting; but it is hard to lioger so—when at my journey's end lies wealth almost beyond the imagination, and (what is far more to me) the sight of my dear ones. ' July 4th.—In answer to my en treaties, Mr. Eveisleigh has consented (o make inquiries about the homewardbound vessels starting from Colombo. The result is that he haB at once allayed my impatience, and compassed hiB end of keeping me a little longer, by selecting—upon condition that I approve his choice—an East Indiaman due to sail in about a fortnight's time. The name of the ship is the Belle Fortune, and of the captain, Cyrus Holding. In spite of the name the ship ie English, and is a barque of about GOO tons register. Her cargo consists of sugar and coffee, and her crew number some eighteen hands. To-morrow I am going down with Mr. Eversleigb to inspect her, but I am pre pared beforehand to find her to my liking. The only pity IB that she does not start earlier. ' July Gth.—Weak as I am, even yesterday's short excursion exhausted me, so that I felt unable to write a word last night. I have been over tbe Belle Fortuue, and am more tban pleased, especially with her captain, whose honest face took my fancy at once. I have a most comfortably cabin next to his set apart for me, at little coBt, since it had been fitted up for a lady on the outward voyage : so that I shall still have a little money in pocket on my return, as my living, both here and at Bombay, has cost me nothing, and the doctor's bills have not exhausted my store. I wrote to Margery to-day, making as light of my illness as I could, and saying nothing of the business on Malabar Hill. That will best be told her when she has me home again, and can hold my hand feeling that I am secure. " July 8th.—I have been down again to-day to s> e the Belle Fortune. I forgot to say she belongs to Messrs. Vincent and Hext, of Bristol, and is bound for that port. The only other passengers are a Dr. Concanen and his wife, who are acquaintances of Mr. Eversleigh. Dr. Concanen ie a physician with a good practice in Colombo, or was—as his wife's delicate health bas forced him to throw up his employment here and return to England. Mr. Eversleigb introduced me to them this morning on the Belle Fortune. The husband is almost ae tall as my host, and looks a man of great strength; Mrs. Concanen is frail and worn, Ijt very lovely. To day sbe seemed so ill that I offered to give up my cabin, which is really m.ucb more comfortable than theirs. But she would not hear of it, insisting that I waB by far the greater invalid, and that a sailing vessel would quickly set her right again—especially a vossel bound for England. Altogether they promise to be most pleasant companions. I forgot lo say that Mrs. Concanen is taking a native maid home to act as her nurse. "July 11th.—We start in a'week's time. I had a long talk with Captain Holding to-day; he hopes to make a fairly quick passage, but says he is short of hands. I have not seen the Concanena since. "July 16.—We sail to-morrow afternoon. J have been down to make my final preparations, pnd find my cabin much to my liking. Captain Holding is ng still woman short of threw hands. it open and "July 17th, 7.30 p.m.—We cast off our warps shortly aftor four o'clock, and were quickly running homeward at about seven knots an hour. The Conoanens stood on deck with me watching Ceylon grow dim on the horizon. As the proud cone of Adam's Peak faded softly and slowly into the evening mist, and so vanished, as I hope, for ever out ' of my life, I could not forbear returning thanks to Providence, which has thus far watched over me so wonderfully. There is a fair breeze, and the hands, though short, do thtir work well to all appearances. There were only fifteen yesterday, three having been missed for About a week before we Bailed ; but I have not yet seen Captain Holding to ask him if he made up his number of hands at the last moment. Mrs. Concanen has invited me to their cabin to have a chat about England. "July 18th.—I am more disturbed tban I care to own by a very curious discovery which I made this morning. As I issued on deck I saw a man standing by the forecastle, whose back seemed familiar to me. Presently he turned, and I saw him to bo Shimon Colliver. Ho has most strangely nlteied his appearance, being drosscd now aB a common sailor, and w aring rings in his ears as the custom is. Catching right of me, lie came forward with a pleasant tmile and explained himself. " ' It is no maunepof use, Trcnowe h ; wo're fated to meet. You did not oxpect to see me here in this get-up; but I learnt last night you were on board. You look ae though you had seen a ghost! Don't stare so, man—I should say "sir" now, I supposo—it's only another of fortune's rubs. I fell ill after that journey to the Peak, tnd although Reilton nursed mo like a woman—he's a good fellow, Kailton, and not as rough as yen would expect—I woke up out of my fever at last to find all tbe money gone. I'm n follow of resource, found the Belle Fortune «ns short of hands, offered my services, was accepted—having been to sea before you know—sold my old clothes for this costume—must dress when ono is acting a part—and here I am.' "Is Reilton wi hyou?' I asked. " Oh, yes, similarly attired. I did not see you yesterday, being busy with the cargo, eo that it's all the more plotsant lo meet here. But work is the order of tho day now. You'll give me a good character to tho captain, won't you? Good-bye for tho present.' " I cannot tell how much this mooting has depressed mo. Certainly I have no reason for disbelieving tho mail's story, but the frequency and s'rangeness of our meotings make it hard to believe them altogether accidental. 1 saw Rail ton in the afternoon ; he is greatly al tored for the worse, and, I should think had been drinking heavily before he shipped ; but the captain was evidently too short of hands to be particular. I think I will give the Concanens my tin box to hido in their cabin. Of course I can trust them, and this will bafHe theft tbe clasp I will wear about me. This is a happy idea; I will go to their cabin now and ask them. It is '.) 30 p.m., and the wind is still fair, I believe. "July 20th.—We have so far kept up an average speed of seven and a half knots an hour, and Captain Holding thinks we shall make even better sailing when the hands are more accustomed to their work. I spend my time mostly with the Concanens—who readily, by the way, undertook the care of my tin box—and fird thc-m most agreeable fellow tiavellers. Mis. Concanen has a very sweet voice, and her husband has learnt to accompany it on tho guitar, so thst altogether we spend very pleasant evenings. " July 21st, 22nd, 23rd— The weather is still beautiful, and the breeze steady. Last night, at about six in the evening, it freshened up, and we ran all night undor reefed topsails in expectation of a squall; but nothing came of it. I trust the wind will last, not only bocause it brings me nearer bome, but also bocause without it the heat would be intolerable. Tho mention of home leads me to say that Mrs. Concanen was most sympathetic when I spoke of Margery. It is good to be able to talk of my wifo to this kind creature, and ehe is so devoted to her husbaud that sho plainly finds it easy to sympathise. They are a most happy couple. " July 34th.—Our voyago, hitherto so prosperous, has been marred to-day by a sad accident. Mr. Wilkins, the mate, was standing almost directly under the main-mast at about 4.30 this afternoon, when Railion, who was aloft, let slip a blcck, which descended on the mate's head, striking it with fearful force, and killing him instantly. He was an honeBt, kindly man, to judge from the little 1 have Been of bim, and as Captain Holding assures me, an excellent navigator. Poor Railton was dreadfully upset by the effects of his clumsiness; although I dislike the man, I have not the heart to blame bim when I see the contrition upon his face. •'July 25th, midnight.—We buried Wilkins to-day. Captain Holding read the buriel service, and was much affec ted, for Wilkins was a groat friend ofhis; we then lowered the body into the sea. I spent the evening with the Concanens, the captain being on dock and too depressed to receive insolation. Nor was it much better with us in the cabin. Al houg we tried to talk we were all depressed and melancholy, and I retired earlier than usual to write my journal. "July 20th to August 4th.—There has been nothing to record. The wind has been fair as yet throughout, though it dropped yesterday (Aug 3rd), and we lay for some hours in a dead calm. We have recovered our spirits altogether by this time. "August 5th.—One of our hands, Griffiths, fell overboard to-day and was drowned. He and Colliver were out upon the fore-yard when Griffiths slipped, and misBing the deck, fell clear into the sea. The captain was below at the time, but ruehed upon deck on hearing Colliver's alarm of' Man overboard !' It was too late, however. The vessel was making eight knots an hour at the time, and although it was immediately put about, there was not the slightest hope of finding the poor fellow. Indeed, we never saw him again." [At this ppint the Journal becomes strangely meagre, consisting almost entirely of disconnected jottings about the weatber, while here and there occurs merely a date with the latitude and longtitude entered opposite. Only two entries seem of any importance : one of August 20tb, noting that they had doubled tbe Oape, and a senond written two days later and running as follows:—] "August 22nd.—Dr.Concanemcame into my cabin this morning and told me that his wife had just given birth to a son. He seemed prodigiously elated, and I oongratulated him heartily, as this is the first child born to them, He stayed but a moment or so with me, and then went back to attend to his wife. I spent moBt of the day on deck with Captain Holding, who iB unceasingly vigilant now. Wind continues steadily S.E." 'August 2!)th.—Mrs. Concanem is rapidly recovering. The child is a fine boy : so, at least, tbe doctor says, though I confess I should have thought it rather small. However, it seems able to cry lustily. "Sept. Gth.—Sighted Ascension Island. ' Sept. 8th, 9th.—Wind dropping off and heat positively Btifling. A curious circumstance occurred to-day (the 9th), which thovn that I did well to be caroful of my journal. I vas sitting on deck with the Concanens, beneath an awning which tbe doctor has rig^td up to protei t ui from the heat, when our supply of tobacco ran short. As I was descending for more I met Colliver coming out of my cabin. He was rather dis onccrtcd lit seciug me, but invented some trivial t xrii6o about fetching a llu-ru:ometer which Captain Holding bad lent mo. I am confident now tha f . ho was on tho look-out for my papers, tho moro so as I had myself restored tho thermomot'r to tho captain's cabin two days ago. It is lucky that I confided my papers to tho Cuccanens. As for Railton, tho hangdog lo' k on that man's face has iurreasid with his trnvols. He seems quite unablo to meet my eje, aud returns short, surly answers if questioned. 1 c-aunot think bis dejecjion is solely due to poor Wilkins 1 death, for I noticed something very like it on the outward voyage." (Horo follow a few jottiDgs on nealhor and speed, which latter—with the exception of five days during which the vessel lay becalmed—teems to have been very satisfactory. On tho 17th they caught a light breeze from N.E , and on tbe 19th passed Cape. Verde. Soon after this the Journal becomes connected again, and eo continues] 'Sept. 24th.—Just aftor daybreak, went on deck, aud found Captain Holding already there. This man seems positively to require no sleep. Since Wilkins' death he bas managed tbe navigation almost entirely alone. He seemtd unusually grave this morning, and told me that four of the bands had been taken ill during the night with violent attacks of vomiting, and were lying below in groat danger. He had not seen the doctor yet, but suspected that something was wrong with the food. At this point the doctor joined us and took the captain aside. They conversed for about three minuter, and presently I heard the captain exclaiming in a louder tone, ' Well, doctor, of course you know 1 est, but I can't believe it for all that.' Shortly aftrr the doctor went beb.w again to look after his patients. He was very silent when we met again at dinntr, aud I have not seen him since. ' Sept. 25.—One of tho hands, Walters, died during tbe night in great agony. We sighted the Peak of Teneriffe early in the afternoon, and I remained on deck with Mrs. Concanen, watching it. Tho doctor is below, analysing the food. I believe he ie complotely puzzled l.y thia curious epidemic. 'Sept. 26—Wind N.E., hut samewhat lighter. Three more men se'zed last night with precisely the same symptoms. With three deaths, and live men ill, we are mw left with but nine hands (not counting the captain) to work tho ship. Walters was buried to-day. I learned friin Mrs. Concanen that her husband lias made a post mortem examination on tbe body. I d > not know what his conclusions are. ' I open my journal again to record another disquieting accident. It is odd, but I have missed one of the pieces of my father's clasp. I am posilivo it was in my pocket last night. I now havo an indistinct recollection of hoaring something fall whilst I was dressing this morning, but although I have searched both cabin and state-room thoiougbly, I ran find nothing. However, oven if it has fallen into Colliver'B hands, which iB unlikely, ho can make nothing of it, and luckily I know the words written upon it by heart. Stiil, the loss has vexed me not a litt'e. I will have another search before turning in to-night. ' Sept. 27th.- Wind has fhifted to N.W. The doctor was summoned during the night to visit one of the men taken ill two nights before. The poor fellow died before daybroak, and I hear that ano'lior is not expected tolivo until night. The doctor has only been on dock for a few minutes to-day, and those he occupied in talk wrh tho captain, who seems to have caught the prevailing depression, for he ha9 been going about in a state of nervous disquietude all tho afternoon. I expect that want of sleep is telling upon him at last. The clasp is still missing. ' Sept. 28th —A rough day, end all hands busily engaged. Wind mostly S.W., but shiftod to duo W. before nightf<ll. Three of the invalids are better, but tho other is still lying in a very critical state. "Sept. 29th, 3otb, Oct. 1st, 2nd.— Weather squally, eo that we may expect heavy seas in the Bay of Biscay. All the invalids are by this time in a fair way of recovery, and one of them will be strong enough to return to work in a couple of days. Doctor Concanen is still strangely silent, "however, and the captain s cheerfulness seems quite to have left him. Oh, that this gloomy voyage were over! ' Oct. 3rd.—Weather clearer. Licht Ireeze S.S.W. 'Oct. 5th.—Let me roughly put down in few words what has happened, not that I see at present any chance of leaving this accursed ship alive, but in the hope that Providence may thus be aided—as farjis human aid may go— in bringing these villianB to justice, if this Journal should by any means Burvive me. ' Last night, shortly before ten, I wont at Dr. Concanen's invitation to chat in his cabin. Tbe doctor himself was busily occupied with some medical works, to which, as bis wife assured me, ho had been giving his whole attention of late. But Mrs. Concanen and I sat talking trgetherof home until close upon midnight, when the baby, who was lying asleep at her side, awoke and began tj orys Upon, this sbe broke off her conversation and began to sing the little fellow to sleep. 1 Home, Sweet Home' was the song, and at the end of the first verse—BO sweetly touching, however hackneyed, to all situated aa ire—the doctor left his books, came over, and was standing behind her, running his hands, after a triok of his, affectionately through her hair, when tbe native nurse, who slept in tbe next cabin and had heard the baby crying, came in and offered to take him. Mrs. Concanen, however, assured her that it was not necessary, and the girl was just going out of the door, when suddenly we heard a scream and then the captain's voice calling, ' Trenoweth ! Doctor ! Help, help!' (TO BE CONTINUED). 