Brief Mention. A brewer in New Zealaud has recently perished while having a bath in one of his brewing vats. At the British Conference Dr. Sellors was to preach on one of the Conference Sundays at St. James Hall, and Dr. Fitchett at Great Queen- street Church. An English local Paper makes refer ence to the visit of the Eev. G. O. Cocks j to his native place, Stratford, and gives j him a cordial welcome, and an appreci- j ative half column. . j A memorial service in connection with the death of the late Eev. A. J. Webb is to be conducted by' the Eev. j C. J. Prescott, M.A'., in the Burwood \ Church on Sunday next. I The Rev. B. Danks is preparing a beautiful little book on the history of our missions in New Britain. It will be profusely illustrated, and should do good service for the Mission Cause. The usual Monthly Ministers' Meet ing will be held on Monday morning next, at 10.30, in the Centenary Hall, when the Eev. Henry Wiles will read a j paper on 'The Love of the Holy Ghost.' This paper was postponed from last meeting. The committee which organised and so successfully carried out the recent ] meeting at the Town Hall has been con- j stituted a permanent body. No name has been given to it, but it will be a ] kind of vigilance committee to deal I specially with Cardinal Moran and his utterances. An interesting temperance service was conducted in the Parramatta gaol on Sunday week last by Eev. J. Tarn, when over 250 persons of all denominations were present. The service was appreci ated also by the gaol authorities as a definite effort to produce moral reform on the part of the prisoners. The Queanbeyan quarterly meeting was held at Mr. S. Southwell's, Wattle Park. An increase of members was reported, and the outlook of the circuit was considered encouraging. Much regret was expressed at the removal of Mr. J. W. Cousins whose services as steward and local preacher had been invaluable, and was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. The ' anniversary ' season is at hand. 'What with Trust, Sunday-school and 'Christian Endeavour annual celebrations .-and special sermons in addition to the ] -Century Fund demonstrations, the .ministers are beiug inundated with invitations to leave thpir pulpits to iipreach special sermons elsewhere. I f our readers will compare the letters ?published simultaneously in the Herald ;fl,nd Telegraph in reply to Cardinal Moran they will see that the Telegraph 'has mutilated Mr. Danks' letter by 'leaving out important passages that might be distasteful to the Cardinal. This is done for the man who in the same paper characterises the people 'who attended the great Town Hall meeting .as ' demoniacs.' A practice is arising in connection with cases of sickness thnt needs a word or two of criticism. It is becoming the .'habit of medical men and nurses to ?prohibit, not only the friends of the I patient, but even ministers, from seeing I the sick and dying. There are no 1 ? doubt instances where the prohibition should be strictly enforced, but we iknow of .cases where it has been arbitrary and unnecessary. The Christian Endeavourers of N. S. Wales are again bringing their claims ? before the public, and have made : arrangements to hold their Eighth .Annual Convention during this month .(August) 24th to 29th. The Committee .has been actively engaged for soxn.^ Ttirrn past preparing the programme and other necessary details, and it is hoped thnt as the result of their lubours a very successful series of meetings will ensue. Many new and interesting features have -been introduced into the programme, including Bible study clashes, conducted by Mr. W. H'. Sallmon, M.A., a special series of addresses in ' Spiritual Growth,' 'Responsibility,' Christian Endeavour Sunday will also be cele brated, when specialC.E. sermons will be preached aud consecration services held by the societies. That Christian Endeavour has come to stay is evidenced by the remarkable growth of the move ment since its inception, and with its broad platform of principles it has done mnch to build up the t-piritual life and character of the young people in our land, We most heartily wish the \- Convention every success and join with the members in the prayer that God I will abundantly bless it, as a means to I help in the extension of His Kingdom. I SYDNEY, SATURDAY. AUGUST 5. 