OUR PARIS LETTER. FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT. PARTS, 18th November. lhc Chamber has met lifter its long re cess for the despatch of business. It was the occasion for all tlie jient-lip passions of politicians to break forth and cry the Mini- sters to death. But tlie Cabinet stood the assault well, displayed no . fear, and gave a capital account of its stewardship. Tho proceedings were based on the best Donny- brook lines; these Ministers did not pay any attention to, hut explained all con duct by simple facts. General do Galliffct was expected to ho victimised by tlie wolves; on the contrary, he faced the music, and discomfited tho noisy patriots. His speech consisted of a few military words, straight to the point, and he retorted so well that at tho conclusion of his discourse he was applaud ed. Mnny who came to scoff remained to pray. All his public conduct was in obedi ence to the Government he served; what he had done he was ready to do again if or dered. 'I lie French appear to be fatigued, aye, disgusted, at the wild and useless language used in tlie debates, and whore tlie employ ment of had epithets form the priucipal stock of their knowledge. They perceive, also, that their abuse of England lias had tho consequence only of making tho English more united, at home and in their colonies, while remaining absolutely indifferent to what the intelligent foreigner may think. The sending off of 50,000 men and 23,000 horses, with all their accessories, 0000 miles over tlie seas to South Africa, without any hitches, and in British ships, united to the spectacle of Australia and Canada forward ing their contingents, still amazes the gobemouches as well as the serious stu dents of events of the Continent, and com pels them to conclude that the British Em pire "is an out-and-outer to be let alone." The- conclusion of a good understanding by England with Germany is not receiv ed with favor by the Gauls. They had nursed themselves with the de lusion that the Teutons were an off power that only required tlieir price to join any speculation for smashing up an empire — especially that of Britain. It was so large, the morsels even would he excel lent. France could only grab Tu nisia, Madagascar, Tonkin, &l;\; hut these were flea bites in comparison with the snaps of John Bull. But tlie prospect of constituting a League of Fifth Monarchy Powers to demolish realms only exists iu the imagination of rabid Frenchmen. In tho wars of Napoleon, Eng land at one time had all nations handed against her; at the close of liis Majesty's career slie had them all on her side. Tlie High Court of Justice sticks closely to its disagreeable business of trying the 15 accused for conspiring to overthrow the con stitution. The conspiracy had not the ghost of a chance, as it was known it would he a fiasco. But the at tempt must he castigated. The reports of tlie police, confidential, on the movements of the Due d'Orleans and M. Deroulede and their friends showed that tlie authori ties were well up to date in what wus going on; but it was also demonstrated that the Royalists andeccentricRepublicans had con sented to pull together, till "Marianne"— their nickname for the Third Republic- was toppled over, and then they would mutually fight to win the single prize. The trial is political, and if the Cabinet he not changed before the trial is terminated, the accused will he acquitted. Indeed, if De roulede were kept in prison for some time, that would aid France in regaining full tranquillity. There are not many journals that can boast of having £72,000 in cash in its office money box to meet expenditure. The last place we would expect to witness that phenomenon would be in France. "La Croix" is a religious journal; it costs one sou weekly; its central olfice is in Paris; it has a head office also at Nimes; it becomes the organ for the 81 dioceses in France, by takpq' tlie, name of the town in which the bishop lives; a few pages are devoted for the publication of the local religious l'etcs and information on parish matters. It is not exactly an ag gressive organ; it insinuates that a re public is not tlie best form of government, and that tlie Roman Catholic religion, being tlie one tiling needful, requires no defence. The organ is destined to combat the im pious press, Freemasons and Jews. Drey fus in his time received pleuty of hard knocks from the mosquito sheet. It is powerful beyond doubt, as it compelled tlie Archbishop of Paris to cease liis opposition to some of its cranks. Tlie office was searched recently to see if there were. any papers lying about, connecting with the royalist conspiracy, now sub judice; the police did not expect to find any, hut they asked to look into tlie iron safe, and pulled out bundles of bank notes l'or 1,750,000 f. There was joy in tlie camp of the enemies of "La Croix;" this was a nest egg of tlie conspirators. No such sum was ever known to lie so squandered since tlie Duchcsse d'Uzes gave 3,000,000 f. to Boulanger. The authorities Hold the wind- fail till the journal "explains." The paper, which is 25 years of age, was founded by the Rev. Mr. Bailly, superior of tlie Order of the Assumptionists. He is a very able and pushing divine, and eon- duets tlie paper still. Of course, fill pious persons in the 84 dio ceses of France are subscribers. Tlie order is rich; its parent house and college is at Nimes. It was .this order that organised the pilgrimages to Lourdes; it has three splendid ex cursion steamers to convey pilgrims to and from the Holy Land; and it lias a church of its own in Jerusalem, and every year it fits out a vessel to accompany the Bretagne fleet of fishing boats to Newfoundland, and minister to the spiritual wants of tlie sailors, who are very religious and also very superstitious. The members of tlie order are free to wear tlieir beards, hut on con dition that they have made a voyage to Jerusalem. Some Biblical people tarried in Jericho till tlieir beards were grown. We have to deplore tlie absence of tlie celestial fireworks promised by the collec tive astronomers; the meteors were like the Spanish fleet, we could not see, be cause it was not insight. The heavens, then, were telling all to themselves; there was not a kodak hut was brought into a stale ill I'icpaiulivii, a Ceiuicui scientist asserted, if well worked, photography would he able to discover of what the shooting stars were composed, the debris of a comet's tail, perhaps that of the Biela. The Parisians were only kept out of their beds a little. longer, and timid husbands had an excuse to stop out late. The other de ception was not so lamentable; the end of the world was fixed for the 15th inst.; tho world wags as heretofore; tlie sun laughs, and his friend in the moon grins. A good many people did believe the world was coming to an end, as among other signs "wars and rumors of war" are current. But no landlord declined to receive his rent on account of the short period to live left to tenants. Churches were in any case un usually full, and fasting general till after the first stroke of midnight. There are individuals not at all centenarians, who have seen a score of ends of the world. Carna/tions are tlie object of much sym pathy. The land for raising them is An tilles, Cannes and Nice. The horticul turists are depressed like farmers when wheat is about 7/ the cwt. The white and red carnations are attacked by a malady that cuts them off just as the flower is com ing into bloom. It is the same parasite as fixes on the potato, a vicious mushroom; the leaves of the plant become "tuberculosed," says one writer, then the stalk is caught and dried up, just at the joining of the flower, and lastly the flower drops. It was tlje "red" carnation that Boulanger affected; it had a political influence only second to his black charger. The royalists adopt the "white" carnation, or do when they can get it. It is odd that two symbolic flowers should meet with such a misfortune when the parties who X'ely on them are so low in prospects. Perhaps during the Exhibition distin guished visitors will he treated to a drive or a sail iu a balloon. M. de Santos Dimiont hns succeeded in his experiment witii his navigable bulloon. It is cigar sliaped, of course, and covers 550 cubic yards. It is worked by a motor, and the steering gcar is light and to tlie point. He luid head breezes to contend against, hut worked his passage well from the Rue Vanguard to tlie Eiffel Tower and round into tlie Bois Boulogne. Counts Lnvunix and de Saint Victor made an ascent in the dense fog and passed all the night up in tlieir balloon to observe the shooting stars that were due. Tliey were able to count 100 of the shooting stars above the dense fog, luit these were not visible from the earth standpoint. The latest addition to our food supplies is "powdered milk." The milk, when taken from the cow, is evaporated- at a temperature of 40 deg. centigrad'e; it is then dried in a stove at tlie same heat; a solid cake is produced; this is finely ground and jilaccd in closed tins till required for use. There will he many attempts to pirate tlie discovery;, thus we lmve already "nnlk snuff" for persons subjected to head aches, or nervous sleepiness. 