Extraordinary Credulity. NEW SECT IN AMERICA. Mountebanks appealing to the eredality of the ignorant in the name of religion are always with us (says a New York correspondent.) This year tie most successful and notorious of the-e is a man who c&lls; himsa.f the Rt- Frank W. Sanafoid, who has organises an association to whish be has given thv name of The Holy Ghost and Ud Society, and which has jnst held a sese sion of eight days on a hill in the . stats of Maine. Sandford appeared on this hill three fears ago, with a spade in his hands, and b?gan to dig. saying that he had been commanded by God to erect a temple there, atd revolutionise the religions of the world. His zeal was infections, and those who came to scoff remained to assist. More th m two hundred men from the adjacent farming districts joined him ia the work without pay. Eveiy day he prayed for money, and soon it regau to roll if, for the deluded sguculturi.ts sold t'_eir farms and gave him the prcceeds, and contributions came from otheis. 0„e farmer sold all he bai, except a herd of hegs. These be killed and bnried, because Sandford regerdei them as unclean animals, and would sot receive the value of them in c^sb. With the contributions of tbe k&t; three years Sandford has erecled a 'Temple of Truth,' consisting of fonr buildings, enclosing a court, and has expended more ban 100,000dol on them. At the be ginning of the recent convention he rema ked that 20,000dil WAS needed. He friyed for that eum, and immediately afterwards exhibited . the money, assert, ing 'hat it had been sent to him from the Almighty. The society now has about 3,000 membe-s. Sandford baptised man; new- comers during the con vention, plunging them into the river, whilst his followers on the banke shouted ' Hallelujah 1' In his pnbiic addresses he predicts that England and & merica will soon unit to subdae the whole world with fire and sword. At the close of the convention he sailed for England, premising to bring back a large sum .of money. Probably he will return, for there is mach more money to be drawn from the credaious for the support of his projects. The society's property was left in charge of loyal assistants, or confederates. Use only Gawthray's Eye Lotion for sandy blight, inflammation, &c;, a certain cure.* W.A, CASH DBUG STOBE for variety, quality, cheapness. Every known Hedical Bemedy, Soaps much reduced.* A few sound young men wanted for the Westralian Contingent. ,The Maoriland Immigration Restric tion Bill has passed -through comsc-itiee in the House of Representatives. The Premier accepted an amendment exciud ing people of British birth and pu entege from the educational test. It was a'so decided to grant the riglrt of appeal from the decision of the officer enforcing the Aet.* 