THEATRICAL NOTES. ». -ti (Br PLAÍGOKR.) Last evening Messrs. Jones and Lawrence presented their 22nd change of programme at Cremorne Theatie, the occasion being marked by :theN«tuTn to: the boards of timse^di favorites the Anderson Sisters and Mr. ^pbn Lean anfl Miss J«ge^31ey^^cL During the past week the company continued the even "tenner" of its way, securing the public approbation as much* as ever. Dork Taylor is still figuring as a most charming dancer ; Dennis Carney still prances round the stage with the same old prance ; Viole Leroy fixes the glare of her optics upon the fascinated audience, and although renmrkabh^nej.^i)^as singerjar dancer ste seems to get:4here^ust the same, her whole-souled vivacity covering a multitude of histrionic sins ; C. JEL Jones's melodious voice is a veritable oasis 'amMslt a desert of buffoonery, whitéMa^ther mlm'alsO with a splen- did voice, T^ch ^iught torie, beard in better business, is>Frank York¿ whosè stentorian ^^océí^rówers are "a novel, feature in^^Yenfn^n^çoiQÎc items;-' Miss Bodin's voice is scarcely à títíng of beauty or a joy for ever, and ¿lié experience of herself and her predeces- sor, Miss Elsie Birt, only makes us long for the time when Miss Ettie Williams will resume her accustomed place. Bob Bell still parades his infi- nite variety before the appreciative gods". That charming quartette, our Williams's, are going strong, and.look good for six jnp^ths longer. Long acquaintance ivîffi Joe Cowan has made 'ns familiar .with every gesture, anH perhaps that has much to do ' with the fact that his popularity is on the wane. Miss Ada ; Baker's songs were pleasantly, and artistically rendered. The Lingard Sisters are shining ex- amples of how high a lady can aim in life--with her toe. Amongst the best of the items was that given by Mr. : Watts and Miss Taylor, " Borneo and Juliet up to date," which is fetching, pointed, and pretty, and an excellent, well-acted' skit. - The " screamer," "Ghost in a Pawnshop," and "Cor- bett v. Fltzsimmons," the last-named warriors being impersonated by Messrs. .Carney and LoeL are well wor<th stay- ing to laugh over. HIÚBS Ada Baker writes to me as follows:-"The Press have been so far uniformly kind to me during a : period extending over more years than I scarcely care to remember that I have only on one previous occasion had cause to complain of what I con- sidered unfair criticism. The contri- buted paragraph commenting unfavor- ably on my dressing of the tableau song Tm Nothing to You Now' comes, I think, under that category. Your contributor, who I am sure is not your reporter, has evidently con- fused the dress of a Sister of Mercy with, that of a ulm! I have ever re-, frainecffrom in any way offending the ] susaeptibilities of any of the public, and" I may perhaps be pardoned for saying that of the very many songs : that I have sung during my lengthy j public career, I cannot remember one ? for which I have received such genuine compliments from my fellow artistes and others whose opinion I value as this' song. I cannot conclude without ' thanking you for the many kindly ; notices you have from time to time given me." The Theatrical Carnival on Wednes- day last was the theatrical event of the year, and was in every respect ak immense success. The weather was propitious, the costumes extraordinary, magnificent, bizarre, and insane by turns, the sporting events well con- tented, the attendance large, the pro- cession "great,1' and Solomon in all Iiis glory was a horn fool to Professor Lawrence on his Arab steed. Some j people said that he (Lawrence) was j Tim Quinlan ia his knightly uniform, i but the error was not generally re ! ceived. If only the management j could have induced the City Council j and the Producers' Conference.to join I in the show, it would indeed have J looked like a dream cir Colnéy Hatch, j However, it was all done for sweet j charity's sake, and for my part I was j glad to see everything go off so well. j ' i ! Professor Anderson's graphaphone j orated, sang, and recited by turns at the Mechanics' Institute, before a well- ; filled house on Thursday hight. Our Fremantle correspondent tells! me that one of the largest audiences ever seen in the Fremantle Town Hall ; was présent at the concert given there j On Thursday hight under the auspices of th . Perth Charity Fete. The eon cert was under the direction of Mr. iyArcy-Irvinè, and an excellent pro- gramme was presented, in which the following ladies and gentlemen took part :-Miss' Edith Legge, Miss Isabel Reid, Mr. Henry Sicks, Mr. Ide, Miss Eva Trivett, and the Cathedral Quar- tette (Messrs: Ewins, Fletcher, : An- drew and Hicks). During the inter- val Cr. Johns thanked the audience for their support to the present move- ment^ and iii doing so specially men- tioned thé efforts of Mr. D'Ârcy-Irviné and his fellow artistes, and also thanked Mr. Beisley for steppingin at thè last moment to decorate*the stage. Mr. Gordon had assured the speaker that the Fremantle charities - would participate in the distribution of the fuhds raised by the fete. Mr. Gordon has requested me te mention that the tickets in thè art Union will be on sale at Mr. Beisley's èstablisliment in High street up to M&y; 21st next, and these tickets will admit to the bicycle sports Oh Queen's Birthday, at which the drawing for prizes will take place ; or the concert iii the Perth Town Hall on Wednesday next. v An entertainment which I feel no doubt will be well patronised will take place on the 23rd of May in St. George's HalL The Jewish fraternity have thoroughly resolved upon having their Synogogue free from debt, and the .ladies of the congregation have formed a strong and representative committee to make all preparative arrangements for the holding pf a ball on the n^lrt precedüig Queen's Birth- day." From the auecess of their pre- liminary efforts a delightful evening is in promise for ^ 