-RETRIBUTION.: A TALE OF PASeios CHAPTER XIX. .~JLLLS_ KCOXC1LI AllOW. £ Mine after life ! What is mine after-life I My day is closed ! The gloom of night is A Ahopelees darkness settles e'er my- fete. -Joanna Baillie. 'The greatest attribute of Heaven is mercy, And 'tie the crown of justice and the glory, Where it may kill with right to save with pity.' Beaumont end Fletcher. ' With groundless fears she thus her soul " deceives What frenzy dictates, jealousy believes.' Gay. Spell-bound, Jile suffered him to go, with -out attempting to recall him.' Soon after;, shebeard the clatter ef his horse's hoofs; as be galloped away from the gate-and then she . sank-tLat selfish, guileful, and intriguing woman- the Serce., proud, imperious spirit-she sank down upon the spot where he had left her, in the weakness of utter wretchedness ! He was gone ! She felt thst she bad lost him whom she loved. so. passionately. The bitter, the irrevocable words-had been spoken -a deed never to be forgritten or furgiven had been attempted. fe ,waa `one ! VW hat a heavy despair fell upon her soul!- The sun of her life had set, and left hebr world in darkness. Where was her anger now-sad ihe, jealousy I Buried in the deep despair of her, lonelipess , gone, se-in gone the passion ot the homicide who sees. his victim. ;dead before him. She.gazied upon the corpsi of her murdered peace. Was this, Juliette , " Ah, yes.-- Bad, as she was, she was a woman and loved ; and what woman, the proudest \--and fiercest, can bear her hearth and home. and heart made desolate,. and by her own rash hand l ..She was a woman, and her women'. nature \- amply avenged itself.; her anguish whs ..-. -deep and hopeless as. her anger had been fierce and de idly He was Sore ! . Oh,. that she could wake, and ,nd this to. " have been a hideous vision. of 'e4_ night. She hal hoped she might. - She had drpased dresms before, almost as dreadful, and much, very much mote distinct-; awful dreams, thatihad seemed so real ; and she had waked "o peace and joy. Might not this horrer be an unreal vision I She would try to wake up. Could -she wake now ' Oh, if she cotild" wake I She wrong her hands ; she twisted her fingers -in her hair, and tore it. It was -no dream; it was a tremendous reality. She had spokes those bitter words ; she had attempted that horrible crime; there in the scorched and broken plastering, right:before her, stood the 4, -accusing witness of . ber .. frenzy. Oh; she could give her life, her- hopes of Heaven, t0 recede :those bitter word,-, that - monstrous deed. Impossible. It was. all over.- then. c Do not minaudarstand her. - This was` mot the remorse of a sinner who had offe dsd God, but the frenzied despair of a devotee who had thrown down and demelished her own idol. D.y declined, yet there she nowtered still. "How -lowly `crept th-ehadles of night into that, desolate room, once their room,-now- only, hers; oudce the scene of the fondest memories and associations, now bear. ing on its walls the witness of -her- deadly attack. That desolate- room, how- slowly erept the shades of night isto its' dreary space ! Oh, the intolerable anquish of her soul thlough "that niserablr, night. Undless night,- brooding over a boundles. desert, was not more-dreary than her soul. The clock struck twelve. It wari midnight without and within. - The sun would , rise upon the world again. Would day ever come to her heart I All the household were buried in sleep. - Hark ! That was his footetep.. Ii came into the hall, passed into the drS*ing-room, and paused. He had not deserted the house yet. Thank Heaven for that I Qod bless him, for that I But, oh, the impassable gulf that yawned between them-the immeasurable distance that separated -tben V It seemed to her, alreaty, that weary years had passed since the stormy scene of the morning. A desire to go and look 'ipon him once more Aeok poss".nion of her heart-once more yerbaps he would leave spin is the mots ing, and then she would never see him agiin. p She aroue that proud woman ! and, all I disordered-and disheoeledae aheaw ea..itole I from her room. She glided down the kabirs. . into the dark pasasge-way, where the light r froit the. drawing room was gleaming I threugh the chinks of the door. She appro.- t ehedhand' looked upon the scene witl~in. I There-wore no candles in the room. The r bright fitful light came. from. the glowing f fire in . he grate: General Dent wasr I standing on the-rag, with his hands clasped I behind him, and his hack to the fire ,The t lurid glare of the 'ire, behind and below him, I eaet up th-'shadow of hie form; nc-r' y to the eeiliag;'giviag' it a frightful and repellant, look`; sad castibg up the shadows of ,his : feature. the wrong way, giving them a weird a sad .ghost-like expraesion.. She sink jhere att thbq door hand gated , ateelthily aad: In .aguish upon the man toward whom her whole being tended with an almost - irre.-is tibli farce-the man whose affection, now that it was eoss to her forever, had becom' of such inestimable value; the man to whom, underigod,beheowed every bleesing she posseseed on earth-to whom she owed all love and duty, yet against whose life she. had just raised her hand.- Horror ! could ahi' eiidtre this thought 1I Haught and' selfeh though -she.- was, could she endure thin thought'1 'While she gazed, the flickrtisig' ams of the fire died away, grid the dancing shadows on his face were still. She looked upon his countenance ; it pas very syet., but it was the stsrness of grief, not the, sternes. of resentment. An impulse, like forked lightning, darted into the gloom of her ;.ky She would fly to him; she would grovel et his. est; khe would implore pmrdes. She started to her foot with'the firas knipulae; but ah I her dastard heart 1 It was fainting,, dying in her bosom. And her, traitor limbs ! they were failing under her She heaned-against the door for support, eq instant, and in anothereke was at hi. feet, claep ing his knees; bathing lis hands with bet ipere, itinploring pardon, entreating him to do; what semtgdgood` to him with her,. but uno to drive her from him, and not to deeerthier.a-. ru.: Yea, this was Juliette-no: more a fiend, ne maore asmorceress-.-' bat.a'en a woman I and commanded $y each poor paaeloa as the epald that milks And doe. the neaneet aberee." S c-a` tamem im love and grief! :Xpd' Ernest Deat-how *did he receive itlij lanihaneuet.. He atooped and raised her, supported her for an instant in his arms, while he glared around for the nearest chair, meat ad himsely, and drew her on his knee., mad laid her herd against his bosom, part ing -the tangled hair from her pale brow, and wiping the fast-flowing tear- from her hagg ard cheeks. But he did not kiss her, nor press her to his bosom; he pitied her, and he forgave -her ; but he did nit, could not love her yet.. fha tempest in her bosom was subsiding, but had not yet subsided; and still she raved about forgiveness, and still she abjured the idea of- parting. "Forgive you, Juliette ! I do, as I hope to be forgiven,' mt" last he said, ' it is not for me, sinful man that I am,. needing mercy as I do, to withold :it from you.' ' Ah, yes, you will forgive me you will forgive me I hat you will forgive and Ieave me.' - ' Leave you, Juliet to ! , Leave you, my young, fierce, -stormy Juliette, to beat your soul out against the rocks in this world ! Leave- you to, your own guidance I How little you know me, -to think so I Why, I never even dreamed of each a thing.' Raising her from -her resting place on his bosom, he let her before him, . and looking t. with a sad, earnest, almest breathless gaz, 1 upon her - beautiful though ;haggard face, he 1 murmured, as if to himself, , ' '-Leave you I, Why, what, in that case, f ever won'd become oft you I With your 1 beauty and temperament, what would become of you.' - She dropped her weary head uppn his cheit egain, and whispered, \- 'Oh, thea, Ernest, kiss me once more; t fold T- 'r arms shout me, and let me feel m that you have forgiven and can love, me . still.'. - ".. He did fold. her .n, clqose embrace; he seemed to feel for ar, so munch; he seerped a by symnpathy to auffer all her remorse. , What a depth of forgivenems, of pity, and of tender. ness, was expressed in-the words he whispered \- so eaknestly- in his deep tone. '-Poor Juliette I my poor Juliette,' while he gently smoothed her disordered hair and dres". This gentle and generous " forgiveness, and e tor -such -an enormous -offence-.-it would Ihave subdued a rook-it subdued Jilet te. j Never had uhe been iin such a gentle, Swomanly mood ; never had she been so , softened, so 1aearly ehsaogsd. ,,Deep as had been -her dempair when ahe , sank at hi. feet, great as hrad- been the a vevulsion of her feeling, as he raised her to j his bornom,- it was yet not joys. The memory. a of her awful offence was too vividly present a with her. It wa a utronger, deeper feeling of a autonishment, gralibude, and ?euioratiou-at e firit.; hut her feelings. spon changed, as yop -. will aee. Now she muremued. * How can .you.forgive ase; where can you d find:merey for me.?' e ' Where I From my own experience of sin r and suffering, dear wife; becauwe I know the e swart of every wound that is blediang in yur a heart. Besides, even if I did-nor pity your r anguish with my whole soul, I have too much e need-of mercy myself, to riftse it to yuu.' r- Stroking back her hair, and gazing gravely r on her face, he resumed ' 'No; I arn twenty yearu older and stronger 7 inl harder than you are; and should be r twenty years wiser, which is doubtful. But this I would have you *to believe, Juliette; and upon this rook I would have you found your faith;,and in this truth I would have you find your peace-that your r husband is quite, .rong enotah- to bear with ayou ; that though you may yield to-ungovern able passion, that though you may draw down every other evil fate upon your head, a yet, while you live, and he lives, you can not d cart yourself beyond the pale of his care and protection.; no more, with deep reverence be r it gsioken, than he can throw himself beyond t the limits of his Maker's providence.' e It was no wonder that she loved him so A much; for, now that his mind had returned d to its noram it condition. He preaented these . great attractions for a nature like hers; e strength and'self-possesaion. 1e continued * Yes, Juliette, poor child oft paesion anm 1 wpulso, Is eball henceforth he my care to guard ti: jrom i r own impetuosity, as fern; all other dapperu; and, Juliette, if I have no eproacli to ma ke you, and no !amning to give you,.it is because, in your I wan and ghaaety face, I see the anguish of your heamtt, and feel and know that the terrible lesson (f this morning will not be lost upon. you. You, now know that the time of auccesftul'self-control is in the very first risints~of emotion. It is a very common but a very dangerous pratiee to neglect these firetemotion. of malign affections because they des alight and vague, and thus permit them to grew until they.hecom. importunate or ungovernable. And of all other emotions should the very first spark of anger' be quenched ; for, of all: ether emotions, it is the quickest in subverting reason, and the most apt to be fatal in its consequences. C Child of paesioli and of impulse,' he had called her. He did not know her, to odtl her thus ; although for once her ardent Italian temperament had " swamped" her keen and crafty Italian intelleet.' Her ' anguish,' ;too -how- little did he ;guess 'that all this was th.oI a oyf arn ed pAssion, not the torture of. startled ganiclence; that' shl'" sickened ,with the thought of the man sie had nearly lost; not with the fear of the GoJ she had offended. He forgave her freely. Doub less, itoral and physical courage enabled himr. thus to pardon and restore her. The fears of a weaker nature would have made him obdurate; and such a man would have made his inflexibility to his moral sense. I. your moral sense shooked, that he should have forgiven her so soon I Do understand him ; his own heart was aching with the memory of a wrong done, and for which he could make no reparation :-the wronged one was out of his reach, so that he could sympathise with what he supposed to be Juliette's remorse. Besides, there was something in hia soul that demanded to suffer and to expiate ; and in forgiving this woman, at ones the csaus and the punishment of his error ; in bearing with her, in soothing her fancied remorse, in trying to love her and to improve her moral nature. [TO BE CONlrl NUUDl 