Local and General News. Our loading Watchmaker and Jeweller, Mr. J. E. Robinson, is now showing tho vory la est designs in Gold Brooches, Muss Chains, Pen dants, Links and Bangles. Largo selcotion of Engagement Rings, Weddlog Rings, <fco. The stoolc of artiales suitable for Wedding Presents is both large and varied. As a manu facturing Watohmakor, J. E it. can bo relied on for tho best class of EogHsh Lovor Watohcs. Tho well- known " Burnett" Watoh is a splen did timokooper and wonderful valuo for 20s. Alarm Clocks 5/6, 8-Day Otooks from 15/0. Best quality, largest stook, lowest prices, J. E. Robinson, Watchmaker and Jeweller. Noto. —This establishment is next John Hunter's Boot P&laeo.; By to-morrow morning's mail'train the delegates appointed by the dlstriot Far mers and Planters' Associations to attend tho Agrioultur&l; and Pastoral Oonferoaoo at Maokay, to bo held on the 26th, 27th and 28th4iDBtants, will take thoir departure. The following are tho representatives from this district South Kolan, Mr W. Gibson North Isis, Messrs A. 0. Walkor and W. Oleghorn ; Avondalo, Messrs A. M, Broom andN. J, Mlkkolsen ; Woongarra, Mossrs D. Watson and H. Oattermull ; Gooburrum, Mossrs J. E. Leask and R. S. Aiken ; ICoIan Oanogrowors and Farmors' Association, Mossrs S. A, Lindeman and J. Olark. Mr. J. Leask, Chairman of Direc tors of tho Bundaberg Dairy Faotory, has just been advised of tho salo of tbo 5Q boxes of butter sent to London from tho looal fao tory in Maroh last. Tho buttor was oon signed to Messrs. Bartram and Sons, London, and on reaching its destination on April 23rd uas put in eold storago. On being placed on tho market shortly afterwards, tho lot was quitted at 88/- por owt., which is tbo highest ruling prioo for first-olass oolonial brands. Wo congratulate the directors and their manager; bfr. Gibson, on tho high success achieved by thoso trial shipments, as tbo product of tbo factory Is thereby shown to be fully equal to that of tho various dairying oentres in the colonios. In order to koep paco with the require ments of an increasing dUtriot . population two new mail services will shortly bo added, viz., from Tarroan (Watawa), along the Watawn Ourrajong rond, through tho Now Laidley eottjemont ; and the other from Yandarah Railway Station along tho north side of tbe Kolan river to Mlara j>ohool» Ar rangements have also beon 'oomplotod by Mr, Stiller for firing receiving boxes in various centres in tho Woongarra, namely, Wlndor- more, Mon'Repos, and Kalkle (Williamson's store), same tobocleijrod'daily at stated times, Lioenees to sell stamps havo boon granted to Messrs. J. Y. Bromner, Mon Repos, J, Forgan, Windermero, and G. WiUlamson, Kalkle. Mr F. H. Stephens, surgeon dentist, an nounces his next visit to Bundaborg for Tuesday and Wednesday next— a weok earlier than usual. Pev. I. Castlohow requoata ua to call attention to bis advertisement on another page re tho servloo next Sunday . in tho Quosn's Theatre. Tbo gontioiQan who In tended to hold a mooting has allowed It to lapse, and tho Walla-street Ohurob will worship thoro for tho next six Sunday even ings, and invito ail non-ohurobgoors to join with thom. Tho procession will be beaded at 7 p.m. by tho Model Brass Band, and tho tltlo of tho addross is " Tho Biblo bottor than A Qbost." Gold watohos for ladlos from £8 to'£20: sllvor ditto, from 25s. Largo stook of gold and silver ohains.— J. E.' iVoblnsbn watoh makor. Tho Nov. P. W. Oairns, who has oQlolated at the looal Baptist Ohurob for tbo past three years, Is about to leavo Bundaberg for pastures now. He has boon selootod from a list of six candi dates to fill tbo Important position ot pastor to tho Baptist Church at Wamaiubool, Victoria. At a mooting in tho local ohurob ou Wednesday night, bis resignation as pas tor was accepted with rogret. Tho rov. gentleman will be farowollod next month. Tun Geisha Art Jewellery uud othor novel ties. 600 J. E. Robinson's windows (QOX door to John Quote 1 Bool FaImo)' The young man Androw Campbell, who attempted to commit suioido at the Mel bourne Hotel on Monday last ,Uugorod on until Tuesday uight, whon bo succumbed to bis solf-inlliuted injuries. A magisterial in quiiy will bo held to-day. , Tho Assistant Immigration Agent iMr. Ckhlfeild) has beon advisod by his )opartmont, of the early nrrival of a full ship's complement of farm laborers and domestic servants, together with a request that ho should make inquiries as to whore suoh aro most required. Tho "Duko of Portland, " with over 400 passengers, sailed about tho mlddlo of Juao, and reach Queeuslund by thu first or second week in i August. On the arrival of tho pusaenger list, :jj tho local office will bo advised as to tho > uurnbjr of euoh class tno vessel oarries, and j tbo proportion likely to bo available for thlB J dlstriot. Those in nood of either class of '< labor, would groatly assist Mr. Oaulfeild by communicating with him on the subjeot . In this issuu we publish uotioos of ; spoolal olootoral registration oourts under tho 1 provisions of tbo Electoral Aots of 1885 to 1899, to bo bold ot tho Police Courts Bun daberg, Gin Gin, Tenningering, and Eidsvold on Tuesday, tho 4th of July, toonablo parsons to qualify for voting at the referendum on the <jumiiion<vuaUb Bill. 72o4beautlful wool mats, with aud without borders, purohasud below mauufuoturers coat, rapidly sjlliog at 1/0 oaoh. J, 8 (Jul- LtNANE. The third saored concert held in uonneotlou wnh thu Lutheran Church, eveu- tuatod in that building on Wednesday ovon ing last, and provod a pronounoed success. Tho ohurob was prettily decorated for tho oooasloQ, au I w >ro 1 most pleasing uipoot, whilo tho prugiumme provuled was bulo in teresting Htid outcitaiuing. Tbo Rov. Schmidt, In u. thort addiuss, tpoko of thoir gathering oa an opportunity of hearing thoir now organ, whioh is the first of its kind introduced to Bundaborg. Ho also askod thoso present, torofiain fram iu any waynpplaud- lug auy of luo items. Wo ftol saro thoro must havo been a strong tendency throughout tho evening to break this rulo, as many of tho plocoo rondoro'd woro worthy of an oncoro. Tbo programme was opened by an ovorturo entitlod " Elogio," on tho violin and organ, by Horr Engo! and Miss Sahmidb ; followed by a oborus sung in German by what proved to bo povvorlnl obolr; tbo solo, " Resigna tion,' by Mr C. Ho'linutb, was woll rendered, whilo Another ontitled " If with all your, heart' wus a:i excellent contribution. A quiutetto by .Mrs Kaiser, Miss Grothor, Mossrs Stollzno.v, Hellmutb, and Muster Gail Sehmiut, piovcd an entertaining item, us did also the solo which immediately followed, entitled "Angels over Bright and Fair," by Miss , fiohmidt. " Ho wipes tho tear from every eyo" was well sung by Mr J. T. Stollznow, picceedod by " Tho Angel" a duet, prettily rendered by Mrs| and Miss L. Sohmidt. In tho " Mighty Deep" Mr Arthur Nelll was heard to great advantage, followed by two choruses from the choir, entitled 'Vast Thy Burden," nud " By tho Rivars of Babylon," both uf whioh wero creditably ren- dored. Tbo next itom, ' The Star of Bctblo- hom" (whioh provod to be tho " star" of the ovoning) by MrThorburn sen, was splendidly sung. A trio, " Freedom" by Miss Sohmidt and the Messrs Stollznow, and a solo, "Tho Valo of Tears," by Miss Haokott, were niody rendered, as was also another solo by Mr P. Stollznow, " Romombor now thy Creator." " Steal Away," a quintctto, by the Misses Sohmidt and tho Messrs Stullztow, was feelingly oxeauted. whilo a solo " Low at Thy Foot," was well sung by Mr A. G. Stollznow. This was followed by a chorus " Hallelujah" by the obolr, bringlug to a oIo3o a long aud varied ptogrammo. Fraiso is duo to Mrs 0. J. Schmidt for tho manner in whioh she hud trained tho ohoir, also to Miss Sohmidt for so ably accompanying oaoh item, In a fow words 'tho pastor thanked those present for their attondanoe, after whioh all dispersed well pleased with tho evening's enjoyment. Country orders roeoivo speolnl attention at Wiles and Ohristoo'e, unbroken packages at wholeeulo prloos. Full rango farm and station supplies, loading brands flour, ton, sugar, salt, rioo, kerosene, soap, jams, oil men's stores, etc. A grand concert and ball will be bold at tho Gin Gin Contral Mill on Friday evening, 80th instant. A splendid pro gramme has boon arranged, and all who attend will experience an onjoyablo evening's ontortaloment. Tiiq prioe of admission is exceptionally low, aud a bumper attendance) should rosult. Full particulars will be found in oar advert!sing',oolumns. Ladies, boforo purchasing your ovoning oosiumes, call and seo tbe grand display of materials, assorted silks and satins to soleot from at J. S. Gullinane.V At the Petty Debts Oourt on Wed nesday, the Polioo Magistrate (Mr. Thos. Mowbray) presiding, verdicts were given for too piainuus in me louowing eases:— a. Nioolson v W. Dunne, goods sold £7 18s. Gd., with 6s. Gi. costs; Georgo Daniell v A. Coombo, goods sold £1 5s. Id., 5s. Gd. costs ; 0\. Doran v M. Gahan, goods sold and repairs £1 Is. Gd., 5s. Gd. costs ; O. Budgon v J. M. Stowart. board and lodging, £13 53., 5s. costs. Sevor&l; other oases wero adjourned or with drawn, and in ono tho monoy had boon paid into court. The half-yearly meeting of tk 0 Prltioo Arthur Lodge, P.A.F.S.O.A., was hol In tbo Oildfollows' Hall on Wednesday night last, tho attendance boing about 150. Tho obair was ocoupied by W.M. Bro. Foster, and eorroppondonoo was particularly voluminous, inoiuding a letter from tbo Friendly Societies'. AebOOiatioD, in which was embodied a motion fixing a date" at which tho " leakage of mem bers should operate from," and the date sub mitted by the Association was agreed to. Tho annuul levy was passed, as also a reso lution to tho effcot that tho lodge would assist to its utmost to mako the Friendly Saoletios' demonstration on July 23rd a sue cess. Tho retiring delegates wero again re appointed for tho ensuing 12 months. Tho annual contribution of £2 2s vao voted to tho looal hospital. It was intimated tbo ohuroh parade would eventuate on Sunday first, whoa the Church of Englaud would bo visited for tho morning service, the Modol Band having again kindly oonsontod to head , tho procession. Tho motions rotating to: minor and fomalo members were carried, and' this olass of members will now bo aoooptod by tbo lodgo. Tbo nomination of ofllcors : was effeotod, bu' owing to tbo lateness of tho ovoning tho mooting was adjourned until July 6th, when tho oleotion and installation will tako place, and that meeting will be ' treated as a summoned meeting. Siok pay was passed to five members, four now < momberB initiated, and two propositions ro-1 colvod, ono of tho latter being a female. The roooipts of the evening wero £89 Ba Id. Gold Brooohes from 5s Gd to £10. Largest i stook ot jewollory in tho district. — J, E. Robinson (next door to John Hunter's boot shop), Sunday Services — "Wcsleyan Metho dist, Maryborough- streot, 11 a.m. Hon, A. Gibson; 7.30 p.m. Rov. J. Snell; South Kolan, 11 a.tn. Rov. J. Snoll 5 Sharon, 3- p.m. Rov. J. Snoll ; Bingera Plantation, 7 p.m. Mr C. Wroneh. Baptist Ohuroh, 11 a.m. subjoot, " An Unfortunate Sloop," 7.30 S.m. " From Doath Into Lifo," Rov. P, \V, alrns. Walla Stroet Mothodfsb Ohurob, morning eubject, " The blossednoas of Giv- ing," ovoning subjeot, In tho Queen's -Thoatro, " Tbo Biblo bottor than a Ghost," proaohor, Rov. I. Oastlebow ; South Kalklo, 3 p.m. Mr Turner; South Kolan (old ohuroh) 7.30 p.m. Mr Button ; Mlara, 3 p.m. Mr W. N. Koyes ; Burnott Heads, 3 p.m. Rov. I. Castlohow. The " Y's" had a good meeting yeslorday afternoon. Tho topio for this i meeting " Patienoe in its various phases" had had a good deal of thought expended on it and suveral new ideas as to Its meaning wero introduced. Eaoh member was asked to in troduce a now method at tho next "Y" meeting to mako tho regular mootings moro interesting. Tho President informed the members that owing to tbo provalenoo of scarlet fever in Gympie tho W.O.T.U. Con forenoo aould not 3b held in that town, but that Maryborough would bo tho plaoo of mooting. J. 8. Gullinanc la opening by ovary mat oholco and eeaeouablo goods Inoiuding ladies \ gloves both ia Bilk kid oto., also tho newoat ' thlnga in fanoy braide, gimps, eto Wo aro askod to intimate that mass will bo oolobrated at Blrthambn railway station noxt Sunday at 10 a.m. and on Ban- 1 days, tho 2nd and 9th July prox. at Gin Gin aad Ohlldoty reppeotlyely. 