• ■Ml'I.UTK sroltJ".] ,iH CHRISTMAS MOONLIGHT, UV DUFFUS HARDY, ii- «»<' (lie Jtr.ii1 ( ?:.ivVi* , &C.; jug- beneath limit' L.»r.h«it of ruddy-ripi* golden fruit, the full idim pinec, the graceful "yellow pines" of the south, their feathery cruwus of foliiiyo triwed in delicate pencilling against the burning azure of a sky almost im» vivid in its light and colour. It wus only the bout* after early breakfast, yet. the mm* bintfi# already pouted it» a broad level blaz-' on the piazfca, and duncod in u dnfcy.lc of dia monds on tl»r* lfike, that was a« pure a blue «' thn »bitting hky. Jt was as i'nir a scene an tbo eye<suuW desire, yet Hole» s<puke with a «ort of in voluntary **gh. "Who would ever think it wan Christmas Kvo r" 41 Iim't it lovely*" »aid her feister Mary, with urailiug content. ] Sweet Mary Went on, happily married ami | settled in this fair Florida homo, had ccapwl to sigh for bor native laud. *• ¥es, it'n lovely, if onlv oue didn't soe »>> inucb of It! But what I should like to st-e | Bow would be frost und snow or even a Lroo<l ! thick yellow London fog !" | "I'm flfraid even John could notobli^i . you with that here, though I think he is not very fur behind the Kreuch king (which one was St P) who had the ground c overed with «alt when the ladv of hi« heart conceived n parverso desire to go Weighing in summer." " John spoils me, und I'm afraid bo's nol ' the only one thai d»»es," rejoined Helen, siuil r jig ana stretching out her hand to her sistor. *' **IdonH think we've spoilt you, Noll !" -Mid Mary WcwUm, patting- the pretty hand. '* But I think John would, if he could." "He in very good," tbo younger sister said, lea« lightly. ** Ho its i M Mr*. Wcslou agroed emphati cally. 41 And you are very fond of him. Won't von ? " with & touoh of auxipty wbioh she did not intend to betray, but whi«h was plain as the sun in the heaven to HolenV . quick perception. ** Yep, I am," nhe answered sincerely ; «'I übould be very ungrateful if I wasn't! But jCllo wiah bo would tuke roe home for a honeymoon trip!" she Added, with only half-playful petulance, " Everybody goe« to England on Jheir bridal trip." ' V Not every body, dear." 41 Well, everybody who cab afford it, cud »Jobu can afford anything be likes!" "Bo*, you see, it is John's business koeps | bimbere. ♦'Oh, yae, I know. I dare sav itsoems Just a perverse fancy of mine, like longing for ' 4 sleigh ride in FUtnmor, for «now iu this ' mutiny south." ." l*m afraid, dear Nell, you get a littlo honiesiöJc sometimes.'*' "Do l, Mary F" with a curious smile. \^Xnu think soP" * •"I am afraid t*o, sometime«* dear. But . you'll «eitle down all happily and comfortably :wfceti once you are married and hi your own ■:F home." . * ** Vourfl has been home to me, Ifury I" «' And you have helped to make it a real 'Abernte to mo. I «niglit have felt a little strange .^önd far-ftway^ven with Fred, if it had uot *)>eon for you. And now I iiiuest go arid help 1 -Ohloe snake the cukes." j ♦« And I'll oopie and do the snincepfes," said! • Helen <jboerfully. -*> No, tiu, Noll; I wouft bavo you getting \- t&red; and flushed overtho .stove; John will vtw coqtlug ÖOOII." . ;41 Poor, dear Mary !" (said Uelen to bor» ; .«elf, as her sister hastened away on household tares Intent. " 6hc only thinks I am home* fciti. If ebo only kuew how tired I am of OBSMgp8 andpinotrocH! And she's so anxious, Vjoordoar, to bo assured dtaf I am really fond *>|JobiiI Dear, good John! the only thing I'm afrsld of is that he is too good for me 1 ..Jjütltibttllbe able to jnako him happy, I tiiink.1*11 do my best. Ana I'm , ■ sure I shall bo happy with liitn, as happy as -Atiy woman<»in cxpoct to bo, after the first jdream is over 1" tiho sighed as her thoughts went back to that *' first dream." " •**[ Walter," she murmured. 41 Poor Walter! 1 if he bad lived 1" , > "iVlsions of another Christmas roso before; her, Walter was helping bor to put up the | Ifttollv. They two were lingering over their j #4od»nigbt In tlio hall, lio was folding a ' Wrfij) round tier as aho wont out into the «mill: ' jflfftSo white wintry 'night with him to löok * B,t the snow giittcring iu the moonlight. Oh, ^ |or that 41 whito ChrihtmaN" of four years .1*0.1 "My poor boy! My poor boy!" j .. Helen said softly to horHclt. 41 To think ^jiat the'oold, cruel the deep, dreadfulscn, VxoUs over his hood! and that no one, no .«me,^villever, over know the truth!" She juddered and claaped her hands, and the bright colours of the sunny landscape grew .dim to her eyes. " But when John Armstrong, her stalwart lover, oame, Hie smile was ready to greet him • on her lips. She was vory fond of John, and the past was post; the preseut, though it did seem a littlo dull sometimes, a little pale and tame beside that jJoor dead past, and tret full of hope: thanks to John! Sheltered by his love, surely «tie would ta safe from the Ming of memory, even from the inmdious ■fcrn&wiug; of home^icknest. He was so 2-fitrong, it gave her a satisfying sense of pro lootion and safety to be with htm. He hod jtlie muscles of a gladiator, and yet, with all Ills rough, uucultivated ways, the gentleuess tjfawomau. Helen loved the mingling of Jbftlf rough forno and reverent tenderness. about hizn, and often assured'horself that she | really loved him very much, though she was! \- uotvery lavitdi of protestations or caresses—J vhidh indeed wero not tnuch in Helen Dal ^ymplef8 wny. j ;Jobn was English, too. Perhaps, if he' 1iad not boän her compatriot, he might have loftnd his Helen harder to win. There were * atoy English settled iu this part of Florida, I ^ but-fetv as fortunate «is Johu Armstrong. 1 Everything he touched seemed to prosper, ' and now in winning Helen's troth he had won hin crowning fortune—his heart's desire. Hi's sun »bronzed and somewhat rugged* . featured faoo was beaming, as he drew his ! chair its close as it could bo drawn to hors, and took possession of her hand and felt the slender fingers rest in htB big palm as if it were their homo. " Do you know, darling, this is the hap* piest OJjfiöInja» I've ever had P " he said, "8im$u you were a boy!" she rejoined, ' laughiugly. " But you donft know anything about me when I waB a boy P " lie demunred, smiling in happy response. 41 Oh yea, 1 lamw that you were very much like other boys ! You \v«ce happy whon to «tuff yourself with iniuci'pii^ and plum pudding, nnd pull <-ra<-tccrN and play »nap* dragon, wun yom highest ideal «if happiness ! And you wore hnpoy when you kiwwd the girls under tbo ininlleLoe! " ** But never h*ff hrs happy as now I oftUkite uiy yirl without tu% mistletoe! My Jtid, have H .l»iv'j in ih- ..».I a pi.-i -upp.-r in lit«- >•> ml--nil .ilil V" • • A »(!•»".ilii'lit Ulli i.»l m is iiighi ! 01\. .Mm. mI.it.' I- x- u. - tliciiMiii-:-*' Jotlli Unk.-,J XHUfUl. " 1 ».III! 1.. .1.. ..huImu. ill..I »Ulli»! 1.1-« il-.iu-M. Will.'» Mur"' 'Mill. I il.m'l vs . J»-rh.p.< :• —1 'II'l ulii i) }m*i ,,y a Loudo» htp. '»1 u «Ic gh-rid«'!" ft-«*li»r Willi ll'T MM.i-r. " Nutliiutr J '"i" jffivf \ i u shad* of <iip.;i}tj>(tiiitniHi1. 14 John, <Wr, vou'r«* too ifnoi !" *ho said, with u sudden gunh lit' *' I d«>n't deum'« that yo-i *hi,uld p-t mo anything! Mary mi id to me jii^i imw lhat hIm* thought I wan ;i little Ihmic -i<-k —;tiiil I nuppOM! tiint V jur»t. what I inn ! Oh, John, uouldn't uv tf" lioiiM' in on a lit 1 (•> honoviiiniiii trip?" "I'm ««Traiil not, liiirling: perhaps hum-» i Jin1, hut nut now Ifidon. criii'f you I«.' happy heiv-' Von k»» *w I'll do «11 I can." " Indeed I do know it, you are the best liud d.'urost of old JoIhik!" hb<» hiihwcTihI. muri* lighth', with I»***-■ Mnikv " Union,'1 he Haid, after u thoughtful pause, in which hi* gi*uiul fan? hud grown ifrnvi», " du you liimw ilntt I fool had nome MinoM, frarhigfhai tin- lifo hero won't content you, that you'll bo thinking of Kngltiiid ;■« •home!' Audi wonder hometimcH whothor il imi't- because it. wan in England that—that you romembur you told me. darliug, bleu» your truthful transparent soul, that wouldn't keep uny nem-t from mc, my wwocthcart! that there wa*—soine one you—liked there some ouu who in dead." 44 Need we talk of him f" »»id Helen tnore c-oldly. 41 No, no, darling, not if it hurt« you ! But it hurts mo to think that there's n pain in that mutuary atiU} IM Jikö la take «1J pain, all trouble, from you, even uny pain of tin* past! I'd draw the Htingfrom your •immory if I could ?" 44 No JiM'iiiurv en» «ting me very shurplv while I have you. John." «he uiiBwered with an impulse of Rclf-roproituhful, half remorse fill tenderness. "And I won't give way to home sickness any tnoro if it gives you the leant bit of pain ! Don't trouble yourself, John, about the ghost of yeaterday! To Morrow is yours!" 44 And to-dayP" be urged. "Ieto>day— livided ? Or is it all mine P '* 14 I. tliink it looks an if it were all yours," she said, softly, asbeki-scd her. 44 Lctyester day rest, John, rest with tho last year's mows in England i And let us go and pick orange«* to-day ? And there are some gunvas Htill. I should like some for lunch, We uevor *oo them at home cxcept in jelly, do we P After «II, there are aomo good tbinp# in the »unity bouth!" she udded, with a lup*c into her old, light, laughing tone. "There oro guavae, nnd grape-fruit, and you! M John Armstrong wcut away happy. One thing only now troubled bim, he oould not make up his mind what to give Helen for a ChriatmuA prcKent. Bluoicring fellow that he was! he reproached himself, not to have thought over it before. Ho went to the best jewellor'e in Giraldu, the nearest large town, where, having but little time to epare, and being unable to make up his mind in huste on the fpot, ho ordered u soleotion of choice trinkets to bu uent to his rooms, for his loisuroly inspection. Every one in Giralda knew John Armstrong, and there was no difficulty made about entrusting tho jewel* to bis care. He was looking in anxious cogitation from the contents of one velvet-lined case to another, us they were Bet out before him on the table, when there was a tap at the door, and tho negro #<bell-boy " annpunced, "Mr. Lawronne, ssb, wants to know et he kin see you." 44 Why, oertainly. Show Mr. Lawrenoe up. Come in, Lawrenoe, glad to &eo; vou, and a tnerry Ohristmas to you, my dear fellow I" "The Bame to you! I Ree I needn't ask how you are!" said the visitor, glanoing at John Armstrong's healthy brown xaoe. 44 Oh, I'm all riffht^-right as a trivet 1 And you? hotf have you beenf AH right too, I hope? Grove floarishing P" " Tes, all going ou well. Pve oome up to Giralda on a little business, and you're the first porüon I've looked up." "Tbat'e right, that's oU right !Msaid Arm strong, hoartüy, " I've been thinking of run-, ning down to Tampa, and then I'd have been the one to look you up, bot I've had ray bauds lull lately ; it's been a busy time, though it's not been all business 1 You've just come in tho niok of time now, to give me your help and advice. I was just muddling my brain over these things," jerking his hood towards the display on the table. " Which do you thinlrs the—the b<wt of tho lot F Tho—the most likely to— suit u lady P" ^Armstrong was atamtnering and the oolour rose in his bronsed cheek. *'A. ladyp Ah! " «aid Lawrenoe, with a smile. " Pleasure as well as business been keeping you about .here. I seefr' 44 Yes, you see, well, the fact is, I'm going to be married." "Heartfelt congratulations, old fellow! The young lady's luoky— that I know! and so are yuu, I hope 1" 441 justain I" said Armsteongemphatically. 14 Wait till you see her!" 44 When die will be wearing one of these, I expect I" suggested Lawrenoe. He was a younger man than Armstrong, fairer and of slighter build, with a tawny beard, honest, kindly blue eyes, a pleasant» though rather nnd, smile, and a generally rather grave, thoughtful expression. He was sympatheti cally willing to help the perplexed lover in his choico of a gift, which was fortunate, as poor John h£d not much taato, and was soroly bewildered in his contemplation of tho44 em barras do riahesses" that lay before him. "Now this—this is something out of (ho common, chf" ho suggested, but hesitat ingly, us deferring to Layrenoe'n better judgment, pointing to a necklace of alligator's teeth lavishiv set in gold. " Or this tiow P " indicating aheart- shapod ornament almost big enough to wear as a shield, and adorned with a true lover's knot studded with jewels of all the colours of the rainbow. **Do you think alligators' teeth quite* pretty thing to clasp round a girl's throat P " Lawrenoe demurred. "And isn't this a trirte—just a trifle BhowyP " John'a countenance fell. "She likes everything dainty and deli cate," he said. ** How about thisP" raid Lawrence, taking up a simple but costly necklet of a single string of exquisitely matched pearls. It was Armstrong's turn to demur. " Don't pearls mean tears?" he rejoined. "AhP You wouldn't risk giving hor those P" Haid the younger man, with a smile that endod in a short, quickly-stifled breath like a High. "No, I wouldn't," »aid Armstrong, notic ing his frit*» 'onk with an insäoot of fellow-feolim You wouldn't either, would you, ). .h\ if you were choosing —something fo{ somebody P" 44 No, leuppueso I tdiould .be superstitious, too. But there's nobody—now f and I've hod all the auperstitiou and fanoy and romance pretty well knocked out of mo." "Thero's nobody now," Armstrong re peated his words. "There," he added, delicately and hesitatingly," there was some body oncct then P" "Onco!" Lawrence oohood, looking down at the pearl itooklacc. Wheu the ohoico was finally made of a slender gold bracelet with a four-Wved shamrock in diamonds ("All womcu liko diamonds," the two mou had agroed), the oomrades sat down with a pipe and glass, and then Armstrong referred, in his frankly sympathetic, if blundering way to Lawrenco's late admission. "I'm afraid my—my asking you about that," nodding towards the bracelet, "recalls things to you ! " 44 They haven't got far to. be recalled, they lie near Iho uurfaoc," the younger man rcpliod, gloomily. 44 There was somebody, and it—it—didn't come to anything f " Armstrong ventured, Ill's hear/ aofteum by his own faappiaose, his sympathy too eittvete to he intrusive« ihujk'M n then f»n»d, \ i.i uiillv : , I ••St'- ihmk* I'm ut Icuöl I liopo hin» 1.,,.., S'i i"*»• u*.i\ - I fhall novor sw> Iht I 'i.in. Jiut b..fin'lii»,v ahv«3> it .kr.» in • think "f *»ltl dayf." I Anii-noM- ihhM'-'I in Mlcnt comprehension. 1 /1WMH« •• pausM :« imuiimt, then addrd with ),«„.« J \vu\ Arm«troug, I've often thought I ,1 t^Uin- vnu. J war. wiy n-ar it more than ! .nr.' vvh' ii yim w.-iv su.-h u good diuju to lilt! It '<).■,-iln. Til. fii' t I«, I—! l"fr England | ih«1m- a vluat]! My v«ry inuno—well, iiV ny osvu. for I " •)» ohn*tened Lawrence u» I ,,'v (.<-c.(ni(l nmuu, but. it's not my ti'»- Mir- , isinic Tlut«' :n'i' "'horn of us lioro who have ! .(mi,» u,it of ili'j way, as I did, but not mHuy | jiBdiiw.»l 1>.V « 111«"'! «» 111'1'* "" mine." "What waw it, my boy}"'1 ai?kcd Joliu Armstrong, frat'Jinully. »•Oil, Vyo not. 1 tolled from tho law, Luwivui-c h.iM quii kly. 441 stand clear of \\\iA\t I think. Hut it's „ib.* Hutpiuion, of whieli I f«vl I -bull "ever bo rlunv " "Shr nfiKcts'l—WliwcJ ill <>f your '»(Sod blo*> hur—no. She dool:irt»d slio hud I'nitli in me. Diit no one else hud. I couldn't Hwk ln*r to nmrry me under u cloud, to lake my name with the stain on it. I ««im« abroad to live it down, and iho ship in wbi«h I'd t«»k«-ii mv passage wa* wreckc.l -you remember the i's^ler of the Columbia ? I was nippo^d ■.o have bi'fii on board ; my name wa* in th<* lint of lost. But at the last minute an arvidont had prevented my sailing. No one kuuw ut home that I hud not sailed. They all hoUevo that I went down with the Otlumba and the rent of her uuluoky pas »engers and crew.*' •' And she l>elieves it, tonP" "Sho niUNt, what, elac can shei think? It is bettor ho. 1 decided not to write and tell her I was saf«;." . , ,, •* SUo may b« grioviug—mourning for you, suggested ÄroiNtrong. " For a liwje—yon. But it is be*t as it is— tor her. Öho i* voung; tho thought of me and tny trouble would bu a mor« luating cloud on her bright girlhood than tho thought of mv denth. I wt>uld never have married her uuleM I could give hor u stiiiiilon* nitmc. ^ «>he will bo happier, not knowing. Sho bolicved me iiinoccnt—Unit is my cohort. ^ Lr?t her bi'liovc me dead» for bor owÄ^eacc.*' '* It1« a sad Btatc of tbiuga," mubed Avm atrong. "And what—what was the—'1 he hesitated for a time—•" the trouble«" ho fitiishod. •»Tiiey called it murder—an ugly word, isn't it P But whatever it won, ^ I bad no hand in it. If any man killed Philip Stretton, it wtiti not I!" '»Philip Stretton 3" Johd Armstrong «turted. His back was to the light, so Liiwvenuo uould not sec how hit* healthy colour paled. "Yes, you remember the cuue, I aeo r I owu it did look black against me. He wan! my cousin, and I his heir—though it would lmi'o bc«u the other way round, he would have been my heir, and 1 should have »tood , in ins whoes, it my grandfather had not wade ( au unfair will. I had been imprudent—1 was in a little difKeulty—and I was fooliuli | enough to ask Philip for a loan, only an ad- : vancefor threemontlm. Hesaidthingnthatcut me. There was a eorenet» between ue, I own, but I wonld never have injured a hair of hi« head. You remember, perhaps, how I waH arrested, remanded—all the miserable etory f j There waa notovidouoe ouougb against me to send the ca«e for trial, but thero whb enough to make people believe me guilty—t«» make me fool a pariah aud an outeaöt—to make nie cant agido my father's name a« a turainbod and unolean thing—to drive me into exile here, a-» a dead man, dead to his own laud and hin own people." "It'ria sad buBineae, «aid AnnHtrong, hi« t voiue Btrangely huaky. "Iremember heating of it." A pause; then ho added: "But, Lawrence, Iny, old chum, aren't you per haps a bit over-aenwtive about people— ; euflpec ting you?" "Over-senMtivel Wheu I've eeeu women turn aside to avoid recognising me—when tlie very children have utartod at tne as if X were a wild beast! But there, talking of it can't mend matters." Ho filled his glass hssfily; hlsband shook as he raised it to hi« llpe. John Armstrong's brimming glass stood untouohed i bv his side. 1 "Another knock at the door, and the entrance of a Booond visitor—this time a genial and somewhat boisterous one, to wish the compli ments of the season, interrupted the couver eatiou, rather to the relief of both Armstrong and Lawreucc, and it was much to the host b relief whan both his victors departed. Loft alone at last be stood by the window doop in troubled thought* staring out across the rough handy road with oyes that oopid ftof ■"Iiiovcrdrcaint at this," ho said to him-1 *clf, his lips framing the words without Round, as men who have lived much alone often got the habit of oomrauuing with them selves. "Thincomes of shirking,.or trying, to shirk. One oan't shirk a thing—it will follow one. If it wore not for Holen, now. It's plaiu onough—the thing to do. It stares me in the fuco. But Helen, who trusts mo. I must think of hor first. Yot that boy. Ho'a boon wronged enough. He wouldn't marry hta girl with a atained name. Can I marry my girl with a stained con science ? His girl in England stuck to him. Maybo mine would fltick to me. Would she, though? It's an. ugly story to tell her. SfctU, if she's got grit enough to stand it ? Sho doesn't look like one that would weaken and wilt away from a man because of some thing in his past—though it dooa look rather a black business, I'll see» I'll sound her. God forgive me! I'm a ooward where she's conccrncd. I seo the right thing plain enough. But I can't—I can't. Ko, she's my all I I can risk the losing her!" Helen wan sauntering in the oraugvs»grovo in tho moonlight aluue. She was glad to be alone, for somehow tins Christmas five she Was hauntod by inemorie* of that other Christinas with Walter four years ago 1 That past was dead und buried, but its ghont walked sometimes. Two lines of a poem she had onoo heard recited kept running in her head " Pray for the one beloved, wherever he may be, In the bush of the Christinas midnight ho will appear to thee!" Bow still the night was! Grovo and wood and lake eoomed to be sleeping in silence. Tho moonbeams bathed the fair | landscape 111 a'-süvoi* sea of light, yot ieft un ponetrated the dusVy mysteries of uliadow in | the deep» of " the dark browed trees." j Sho thought of that " whito winter " in | England, and tho ghost of tjie buried past | walked in the southern moonlight. Was anything else stirring, too P Was that a «top f Did a shadow move? Could it be John P But John uoror came that way through tie grove. If it should be a tramp, utid she so fur from tho house V Tho moving shadow gathered shape and substance, stepped out from the darkness of the bordering trees, and the moonlight fell full upon his face. Holen stopped with a start. Who—wliflt—wasit? The moonlight was wcU-nigh bright as day. , The face, the figure that stood out dear iu those pure undaiiling beams, the very gesture with which the mau paused at eight of her, aU had been familiar to her onoe! Was it a ghost F Wore the lines that had been ringing in her mind prophetic ? " In the hush of the Christmas midnight he Will appear to thee." He, too, bad paused at sight of the girl's sliin whito-robod figure: bo started as one thunder stricken as be looked upon her faco, pale and pure iu the colourless blaze of the semi-tropical moonlight, for while ehe stared, dumb with doubt and amazement, on tho dead alivo, ho looked on the living, lost to him, whom he had deemed Are thousand miles away 1 He was tho first to find his "Helen, Helen? You—here 1" He stretched out bis band; it wai wattn with life as it touched hers, strong with living Immun strength as it clasped her oold und trembling fingers. " Walter, Waltur ! Aro you alive F I thought— I lioiifi—oh, \vw haw all uvuraejl you «• tleud."__ > -* ——* John Armstrong, bedriup the cbas.ii brace). r that wuH to be his Olirint man yift., was «in hin way to km: his bi-!uvud, 1ml m»l with tin* (juick, a*sured step of tho happ\ Jover. He laired ;i!id took flic )o»gi>t way. He might hnvc said, if ho had been given to quoting Shakespeare, ••Oh, full uf scorpiuu» is my mind." They bit und xtuug, tlim-o suakns uud tempted to silence, prompted him with subtle HopniHtries 44 for Helen's hake." Whk not hi« firtJt duly to mjmto her p;iin r Yot lie knew that if he yielded to the tempta tion, hi? should feel himself to ihr Insl day of hig lifo » despicable dinner. For till thin day li'! had not realised what he had done» but now, if lie kept silence still. he would bo sin ning with his eyes open. i Still could ho dare trust Helen with tho«, truth, sit the riftk of seeing her ahrink from! him. turn cold to hin», put- hup* tak«- lier-elf . out <if his lifo. On the other hand, it wa* possible that she might not fail him ! She might prove herself bravo mid lviyul in the crucial hour. He felt he did not. knmv Hoieu thoroughly. She was a hwect rose, ••hot with Jifth? wilful thornfl." He could not toll ! how far her pretty little waywardness «»id girlish caprices were more ripples on fit*» i surface, what depths of love and faith and I cuurage might not lie in the depths beneath. While she bUnut*'rcd un slowly, deep in | thought, his footfall soundless ou the loose, ; *:n»dy soil. ho hoard a voice on the other Hide of the blender fringe of true* that bordered the grove. Kot Helen'« voice. he | hud never heard that tone in it. And yet it was like her«—that voice with the tender thrill, the throb and pulse of living pnssion, of which ho had never known ft capable. ".Walter—Walter after all these yearn!" "My darling, my darling!" murmured thi- mini's voice, shaken nnd husky, but John Armstrong made a noiseless atop forward, lookod out of the ahadow whirh tttticealed him froiA their view, and saw Hole«, Wfi bridp-oler.t, dinging* to Lawrence, hin arm round her, her face uplifted in tho nfbonlight to his. For the moment they had forgotten all the World but each other. She had forgotten John, and he tho Btain upon hia name, the cause of his exile. She was first to remember the barrier. "Oh, Walter, no—do! Let mo go! I must tell you—I am not free !" | " Im it you, then—you who were engaged | to Armstrong?" i " Ye». He in the beat and truest of men," with u «ob in hor voice. " Waiter, now that we have met, it can only be to part." John A rrastrong heard no more. Hud he not been «tending there as if fltrickcn to Btono, paralysed, he would not have heard no muoh. He turned with a groping, staggering ges ture, like a man reeling, blinded, beneath a stunning blow, yet careful that no wound of hia goiug should startle then) at* he went, ntid left thorn there together. The moonlight flooded landaoape wan black to him ; he seemed to be groping hi« way through great dark new», his face set from the house towards which bin steps had boon bent. How could he facc Helen now V It waB Helen whom he had wronged ; it was Helen whom ho had robbed of her love, albeit all unwittingly. He had thought of | r«awrenra's unnamed love ah far off, in the old ooutifiy. But there wan no far-away girl iu England—it was Helen, here ? For Iter dear fake he had thought of keen- i iug the pilence that would have aealod tne I sentence of exile from homo and love on Lawrence—and Lawrence wan tho muu she lovod. Vet ehe would keep her faith with him. She had said it herself! Aud Lawrence would nut claim her BO loug as tho stain of euspeoted crime clung to his name. John Armstrong saw that he aoald hold, her »till! It was OhriBtraas Day; the sun shone ou the evergreen pines aud the glossy foliage of the orange trees and their golden fruit, and sky and lake were one monotone of radiant azure. John and Helen were walking in the grovo, and both wore taciturn and ill-at eaae. "Helen, my girl," lie snid breaking a long silence as they drew near the apot where she and Walter had met laut night, " I had been thinking what I could got you for a Christmas present, wondering what would please you best. And I found out, laut night." " bast nigh ft-? Bat yon didn't coma last night V" '•Yes, I came, Helen. I oamo. I oarao this way,'1 pointing to the border of treos, "«id I waa l)ore. ■ 1 saw—I heard." Helen atartod, and tho colour rushed to her face, thou ebbing, loft it deadly pale. But though ftfiQ was dismayed, ahe aid not blettch. ^SHc was loo proud to quail as guilt might quail. Rather, thore was oven a touch of reproach in her tono aa «the auawerod, "You were here, John? You hoardP" " By accident." His brown cheek fluwhod now. " I heard only a few words. I hurried away. You don't think that I'd play eavesdropper on purpose, Helen P" " No, no, Jonn! But if you hoard any thing, I wish you bad hoard ait f You would have understood that I—I waa etartled, taken by mirpriae. I had novcr dreamt tljat he, Walter, wan living, when I—when you—" she hesitated painfully, vet not aa ono abaahod or ashamed—then added, "never until laat night!" " 1 ktiow^ I know, my brave true-hearted girlhe raid. "You're not to blamo— you've boon straight and square." "And he," she interposal, hastily. "And he too," John Armatroug rejoined, "ho did not know. Nor I, Hcleu, do me justice, too ! I did not know that the man I chumined with at Ocala, whom I know as Lawrence, 'was Waltor Stretton." "Walter Lawreiioo Strottoa," ftho ex plained. I " Yes, I know, ho has told too, .it ia hia : second name," he Baid, wiucing a litilo at her 'eagornftSH to oxplain on his behalf. " But £ did not know that Walter Strutton was the i name of the man You oared for! We none ; of us kuew. It's been a chapter of mistakes I all round. But now—now t see what'I can | give you, Helen I I can give you your free* j dom. I •'John, no—you are too good!" she pro tented with remorseful tenderness—what is to 1 a man the terrible frank teudoracss of the woman who does not love him!" , "No, not that!" he said, recoiling from tho word 44good" ou her lipa. "Wait— wait, Helen! till you'yo heard all. I give you back your freedom and something more! I give into your hand the means of clearing Walter Strctfcon'a name. Philip Stretton's j death waa no murder! I ought to know, ! because—because the accident—it was an | accident! was brought about by me !" I " You, John! Oil, John, are you mad ?" she fell back from him with doubt, fear, horror, in her eyes. " No. I'm not raad, unless it's madness to tell you the truth. It was tny hand caused Philip Stretton's death." " Yours P Then, who, what—are youf" "What I've always been, to you and all the world, plain John Armstrong 1" 44 You were there, at Holborough at the timeP But—how was that? and what hod you to do with Philip Stretto&P; We never knew anything about you." 41 No. You never knew me nor my mster, my poor littlo «frier Ltezte. But Philip Stretton knew her; I dare say ho didn't talk of her to you. We weren't of your set, you eeo. You always knew I never ooncealed from you that I hadn't moved in the same class you'd been aocustomod to mis with. You knew that, and wore willing to oooept it." (fYea! Yea were yourself to mo." 44 That's how it is we never met at Hol borough. £ was only there now aud then for a time, and we moved in different orbit«. My sister was as good a girl as ever breathed, but delicate, a pretty lime pale thing, fond of books and poetry, Philip Stretton didn't meau anything by his atteutiou to her— perhaps no harm, perhapB uo good. I didn't chooso that he should amuso himself making a plaything of h<>r heart. Wo mot on that lonely road; I spoke to him—bo took the high and mighty tone with mc, and told me to mind my own bustneds. WcZi, it'« no ftory for your ear«, Helen» but you can guess i'iiX hi^Jl hetU'/.-tfJ* lid. Afi I JiVi', I'd no intent not- fli »ii^ht of HH'iuu* injury to lift! of limb nln'fi I hfnirlv him. Rut 1 wan MiMug, and f i»hjj|»i>u in my unmT 1 11i 1 harder Mum 1 ih-miiI. It w.is jn*r. by evil chiltH!«« thill hi foil Willi Iii* I'ill I i|r Uli a sU:|IJ> »■tour. It' I'd l'-t liiiit lie a» Ik- tVll. i' WonM It«v«' hj«*n plain <«imu«"h Im«w it ha[ijt«'ii'-<l. Hut in in)' horror mill diMimy 1 Iift<-<1 liiiji up, ami ni'tVc'd liiiu, Iryiiiji' to rt'f'nl] Ii it it to life. Ii. never orcurr^d to lu«', 1 Wiih mi >»1 imiii'il, licit iIim ; Mono left. lyinir tli"i<; would have liccii , to haw h-.n ;<* n H'tw/iu«, mi)} !mhs that >ouii£ Waltw S.tvtton would be , ^UBpeulwl." I " Why did you not oome forward und toll ' l-hc truth h" 44 Ih^sau-v?, I own >1 t.o you, UiOcu, I Was u eowani-for niy r*isroi'V nako more than for my ow'jj ! it would h-jve killM Lizzie to have had my iiauK' «-oupliM with hi* death, and hi r name dragged in and comproiiitNed, .'ih it muft have howi. ] thought to have my Mutei'V uood iiHiiio Hiid peace of mind. It wiipi nol until ] was tar Hway that I hoard how Walter Stroitun had been arretted mid discharged for wiiiit of evidence. I thought the matter ended there —was no more concern of initio. But I see now, a man'« dwl is a niHffrv* nf }hk ]ifc for ever—In» rati never {rot «way from it! " "And—your nihtirbreathed Helen. "She died! I took this wlen'-e on my couwk'iic*; /or her w;ke, hi vuijj. I wee now that it whs u erime. But I didn't know— Itelieve lue, Helen, I never knew liow Walter Strctton had suffered from it. And I didn't kjjou' H was your heart I whs nearly break ing ! Hut now it'« not too late to «tone to von both. Vou were hi*, firwt. I jrive you. back to him J I'll five you u written fctule nicnt telling exactly how Philip Stretton's deuth came about. If that's not enoujrh, I'll p> back to Kurland und make my declaration there." '* It is enough ! it shall be enough 1 You nfmii not go bank to run the »mattest rieft f Oh, John, I cannot accept tliits «aurifice from you !" But yet. in her hourt, she know, nnd he knew, that the sucrifice woo already aucuptod. When Walter Stretton came, obeying a i message from Armstrong, to WestotiV Grove, he found John nud Helen bund locked in ■ hand, and it wan hard to say which wan the I paler iu this parting hour. I John turned and put Helen*« hand in ! Walter's, " Sbo has a great deal to tell you, Law» j renoo," ho eaid, aud hin slroug voice shook a little. 411'llloavc you together." Tears were in Helen's eye*, but John Armstrong tmiled, for tbo heart throb of> saorifice is a pain that stinjrs like joy. He tumod away und left them—together. 