SUFF3ERING ANJD -SYMPATHY. (Preacheti by Dr. William Alexander, Archbishop ' of Armagh, ih'~:: Westminster Abbey on Sunday, June 11, in connection, with the hospital Sunday fund.) . 'After this Jesus saitli, I thirst. Now, therje was set .a veseel full of. vinegar, and they filled a sponge with vinegar and put it upon hyssop, and put it into His mouth.' — John xix.*, 28, 20. There seems to be a distinctipn,if not a difference, betwenjnodern feeling and the. feeling' of tlie ancient Christians upon the sufferings of our blessed Lord. The feel mg ot older Christians generally was that there was no suffering Tike His; but mo dern Christians have often argued that the thieves — the bandits— upon the errors must have suffered more than pur X,ord because they, suffered longer. But afteV all it is not the case that the lower the mental and the bodily organisation 'and texture of a man so he suffers the less ? No, Christ suffered supremely. After the agony and bloody sweat in Geth semane, after being dragged about from tribunal to tribunal, from Caiaphas to Pilate, ? from Pilate to Herod, from Herod' back again to Pilate, after the three-fold mockery, after the scourging with that tremendous Roman scourge, af ter the cramps, the peculiar accompani ment of the pain upon the cross, after tlie dereliction, after the darkness; after the drops pouring down slow and thick upon the dust of GolgotLa, the fierce thirst of death sets in. And our suffering Lord does not dwell upon it. From those -white lins there falls but one word, but that word is sufficient, 'I thirst.'' In the text our Blessed Lord seems to me to express His belief in the humanity of man. The church, wbick.~h.olds and con fesses original sin, yet may be contrasted favorably with the great historian, per haps the greatest, from a human point of new, who ever lived, 'lord of that, mas ter's spell — a solemn sneer.'' Gibbon every now and then talks in a pompous language of the dignity of man, and yet he is ever on the look out, he is ever spurting the vitriol and planting the stiletto; hegeems to say to those -who believe in Christ: There are three kinds of men and women of whom you Christians delight to speak — the saints, the virgins, the martyrs. I have listened to the writers of the ancient world, and I could tell you a great many things about these people -about which you know nothing. The saints,, if you knew all about them, they are not so saiutly; the .virgins, if you knew all about them they are not so. pure; and the martyrs, after all, they do not nearly represent the eagle flight of the soul to the bosom of its God through the fires of agony. They represent a lower element of animated nature — they represent the obstinacy of . the mule. Now in the text we seem — do. we not ? — to perceive that our Saviour believed that man was recoverable, that man had something that was soft, and pure, and gentle in him, and our Lord came, as a great writer of old beautifully has express ed it in another context, to give humanity to man. He believes that the elements of humanity are there in the hardest heart. He seems to say, 'I cannot use these hands Vhich are nailed to the tree; if a cup of cold water were offered to Me I could not raise it to My lips, yet. I know of the humanity among you — 'I thirst.' ' And then, is it not the case that the lat ter part of the text shows us that there - was some emotion which took possession of. many of those who were standing round V. The sweet contagion of pity spread from one to another. Men and wo men are not like bricks and stones in a building, which have only a local contigui ty: they touch each other, they quicken or soften your pulses. And so was it in this case. We may perhaps see here the first ripple of the great tide of sympathetic helpfulness which in the course of ages has made medicine one of the first sciences, and to the hospital given something of tho awful sacredness of a temple of the Most High God. Pity for suffering is, in deed, a great reconciler in this age of di vided- Christendom. Christ felt tnat mystery of pain '.vhich broods over the whole sentient creation. No rhan can explain it, and I am not going to attempt a task for which I am unfitted; jut'it WL'eJiis to me that there are simple thoughts which may charm away, at least in a measure/the clouds of tlih mystery of pain in a sentient creation, which seems to many sensitive hearts to draw a; shadow over the face of our ]ovjng God. First, then, is it not the case that. pain is the correlative of all sentient, of all finite life It is, I say, the correlative of sentient life. I suppose, if I may presume to say so, that if any biologists are present amongst us they would agree that irritability is the first property of living matter; they would say this can feel, therefore it lives. They wcmld also say, this lives, therefore it can feel. Absence of painful .sensation means the absence of life, or the approach of death in the well-known case of leprosy and other eases. Yes, pain arid pleasure are vibrations of the same cord. Pleasure in intensity and height ascends to pain. A second thought which I would indicate to you is that when we look at the mystery of pain from a. moral. point of view, when \se ook at it as it afliects 'humanity, we are bound to confess that much pain is penal, that it is richly, deserved by those who have undergone it. Then, . thirdly, much pain, as it is 'inflicted upon us who are the loving children of God, much pain it, go to speak, ??sacramental. -'Without suffering, a great German writer has said, is no man noble. What a realm of thoucht is thus opened to us. ?„? Ever and anon Christ comes and lays His crown of thorns upon the brow, which then grows hot and burning (EVer and anon the i?reat. High Pnest comes to some of us children, and, as in the case of the' great orctifia-nce . of His Church, 'He takes and breaks,' He who is so loving, He who knows sb. inucli better than ourselves, -'He* takes : and .bieaks,' arid «b lie blesses. tSo it is ?through this mystery of -pain thftt. the great.-aimy of elect is ever ..gainin'g in Us ''-'numbers,', is ever, recruited- by y fresh soldiers, and those soldiers have krows and /.faces that are; ^^^0,'i4x^-$xi^^^^V^if^:dvxx^ain& ' 'bf^ajnTKi-A^d'.in '4he|jne^ji{$ijt':t;hijt conies \ frptniahbther wbrldrahe iieA^of ^agqny are ? Imooj^iedjoWjina ^p^etHaliivfe youi* li^iiiali i^Wre^M^P^^ip^p^lHe^n-JtlitJ fe&i;^|^^ilSio%pSi Wm :^^«rla!fi^;sro!r d£^jeBe'3re Sff0i cSfoieli mve come - out of «reat iribu :lfttio,n^:;i^/;ki''.r:S:i?i-:7i:'V hi ?'!--..'.;: ?..-;':,.;?? \a ? -. ,--?? r 5; ;!?ti^^s-|h6;^^ent--^ninur^- that' ;go^1-p^'toj^^i^^^i'ii^;;'i%'jijis'v^i;-: ??JrP-^:^^^^^J?^?^*Pj^^^--''jm^d8e.; .they.tloye 't»est: HpW'ipfteh ihfts Wine -parent '^^(?j''TJ^4^V'^4l4:'^O)n::j1.dip;»»{)'e)ii^. than life 1$ euffeiirig Siidrf ading i-ufoy; X31i. my Father^Thou atiiaSld^rig, Oilier Thoti -Mt love; itlhad pow'fer --I iswiMio suffer- the Ijttle One to . suffer-as '3fchisr3ieav child- ??4^eM:'V-.-'.:Oh,'.'.rii3r-'AJBIather,,':'w.hen' Thou- couidest wilt Thou not'. taite him?*' Oh, that word 'could' Jttiust be much quali fied when it is applied' to God. When1 He created finite sentient beings, let. me dare to use the. expression, He limited' His own power ^ He limited it for a time. In the Old Testament this is one voice- that sound? forth to the 'ages that suffer, 'I wound and; I heal.' The word in the original seemis to imply the -sewing together of the lips of a wound, the agony' of the future is stayed by the very'needie which -inflicts a greater uain. ? ..'??.? Let me call your attention to one point specially this evening: the , .increasing re iiie'f of pain as the generations go on amongst us. This generation has brought to light a great number of memoirs of people in the last century or' more; and I think this_ progress |of . the .relief given to hunian pain by benevolent science' is mar vellously illustrated by many of these bio graphies. You take up a biography, you are fascinated by it/ as the man who is the subject of it Das perhaps been long an. ob- ject of your thoughts. But however long and splendid and successful .the life may seem to have been, you come to the last, chapter, and in many of these biographies you are brought in the narratives and- let- - ters of biographers into the sick roonvtand. ? you are told shortly and simply butr^qiiitC; clearly how medicine dealt with the ^ifcii ject of the biography. Have any: of .you -happened to see a remarkable little- volume-' in which a young Italian physician who, was attached to the suite of the Great Napoleon, details the history of his last months ? The pages indeed tell us a squa lid tragedy. No glimpse of the -splendor of tue sun ot Austerlitz fell upon that once splendid face. The foetid effluence comes ^from the chamber, and then those reme dies, it seems to us so perfectly awful, the bleeding, the frightful blisters, emetics, the strength of . those terrible medicines; and so it goes on until in the three eloquent words o'f the closing word of a Rarveian oration by a great physician, ? many 'years dead, ' Medicus yenit ' .Mors:' Death comes as the physician who has the true medicine.' But even when medicine was thus tentative and -.imperfect, when it tor tured as well as cured, what heroic faith people had in medicine. ? A bishop of the Church of Ireland 'may 'well 'fed a plow, of pride when he aientions the name of Bis hop Berkeley, that', pure,, and holy spirit, of whom wrote even the 'sarcastic poet ot Queen Anne's reign — ? To Berkeley every virtue under heaven. Some of us may have seen that singular and benutiful little treatise . of his, called 'Cyrus,' in wliich the-great thinker as derids from the virtues of tar water, which he began to look . upon as a panacea for almost every disease, up to the thought of the ever-present Trinity of the Father and Son and Holy Ghost. In the year 1752, a year of 'famine and epidemic in Ireland, Berkeley was at his best, and lived a life that was worthy of a bishop, of a hero, and of a saint. Bishop Berkeley went to one part of England and there he died, and was buried; Hot in the distant ?home which he knew eo well, not with'n the walls of this great shrine of departed worthies; he died and was buried at Ox ford, the predestined_retreat of idealists, of causes which are beautiful in their ruins, of speculations that utter their f; nest, their strongest and loveliest music just before they die. ? Oh, if Bishop Berkeley could have seen the triumphs of. medicine! Oh, if he could have known the .splendid pa tience that watches by millions of such beds with noble pity, which expresses ;t self in beneficent discoveries! What if he could have known, the., two great dis coveries, tlie two great victories of practi cal physiology— the use of anaesthetics and the triumph of antiseptic surgery, with the thousands of lives it has saved in the case of severe surgical operations! My brethren, the cry of the text, and': the underlying appeal of' the words, ''I thirst,' had its effect, and that effect continues for, those who have learnt to' see Christ in His people. There have been splendid offer ings given again and again to hospitals of the sick, but Christ our Lord in -four words, when He speaks of those visiting the sick visiting Him,: has given to the sick all the boundless treasures of th- strength' 'of the man and of the affection of the 'woman. J'l thirst!' cries the dying Christ, and. the victim of fever,' of cancer. of accidents, or consumption; the .little children with their hot fingers, and with' their little wizened faces -prematurely old. they cry, too, ' I thirst!' The body of Napoleon 'reposed for many .years near the limpid .waters of which, he said, he had so often tasted and found refreshment foi his agony. But for Christ 'our Lord, give Him what you can in His sufferings. His are the thousand sparkling rills From the thousand hills that burst, And fill with music all the 'hills. And yet He cries, 'I thirst!' Listen tc that cry of Christ, and help Him in help ing them; help' to lift the sponge, and-, place it. upon the hyssop, and touch with it -those pa]e and dying lips. 