f WIT AND HUMOR I ___ Happiness is like a kitten’s tail hard to catch; but there's plenty of fun in chasing it. Tommy: “Pa. what is a pessimistV” * Mr Figg: “He is a man who of two evils 5 prefers both.” I Tom: "What are the relations between you and !\Iiss Cavendish?” .Tack (gloom ily): “Her father and her mother." He (cautiously): “What would you say. darling, if I should ask you to be ms \N-irwr.-Hat-ling: "Ask me anil fin a Constance: “What lovely embroidery! And do you also paint?” Violet: “No, dear, I often envy you that accomplish ITiggs: “Is that Mr Cobb's wife with him.on the tandem?” His Friend: “Cer- i tainly. Can’t you see she is doing all the “Hess than a year ago." she miised, “he snid he would lay down his life for me. and now he won’t even put. up ..the window blinds!” . . . . “It is well to leave something for those ' who come after us,” as a man said who threw a barrel, in the way of a constable ••who was chasing him. • "Ho: “We cannot sit on this bench.. Ji H freshly painted/’ She: “If you wore really, in love, as you say you are, you . vvpuld never have noticed the paint." Professor (to his wife): “I never know how to take1 you. Amelia. Two veal’s ago you were dying for that hat. and now I've bought it you don’t like it at all!"'. '"I wonder," said the superficial student, “why so many women fail to marry?” “I haven't asked them,”- answered the young man who carries a pocket mirror. Mr Sappy: "Smart? Why. she has bwains c-nough for two. Miss Mawy." She: "Has she? Then she is just the girl • you ought to marry. Mr Sappy.” | “Why do you-pay visits in the morn ing?” “Why.- all the other women, are; "busy in their houses, and it is so funny to see them try to appear, glad to see “1 cannot understand ze language." said the despairing Frenchman. “I learn how to pronounce ze word ‘hydrophobia,’ and zen I learn zat ze doctors sometimes pronounce it fatal!” Ikey: "Please., farder. give me a penny •for icecream, I am so hot.” Father: “Ikey. mein shun, dat is a vaist of money. I vill tell you a fine’ghost slrtory dat vill make your blood run cold.” “A horse ran away with my. brother yesterdny, nnd he’ll-be laid up for two months." “Yes? Well. I know a fellow who ran away with a horse yesterday, and he’ll be laid up Cor two years.” Her Mother: “I think, that Mabel has a slight leaning towards this young Mr ' Smith." Her Father: . “Slight? Great Scott, woman, you.ought to. have, seen them on the front doorstep last night!” . Young Lady: “How much?" Telegraph Clerk: "Sixpence/’ “Foi: that one word?" "Yes. .. Same charge for twelve-words, or less. You can repeat the ’Yes’ six times if you wish." “Urn—no that wouldn't look well. It is an answer to a proposal of marriage.” Young Husband: What is it, darling:? Do you want some money? Young' "Wife: Y'es: but I won't take any from, you, dear, because you told me you '• hadn’t much at the hank. If you'll write five pounds on one of those little ' -pieces of pink paper. I’ll take it to the .butcher and get the money. He can afford it better than you, dearest. ’ ’ The other day a lady went into a shop and asked if they sold a cure for corns. -Tile young man said no, but he could give a recipe his mother often tcld him of, and he said. “Get some cheese and roast it,rub it on the corns, and if there are any mice in the’room they will ennre. and nibble them off.” . , 