Cfte Gap metropolis. Gag of Lauri in The Geisha, when Molly Seymour's entrance is preceded by a supposed smashing of the jinricksha Jap, "What's that noise? Has Kruger's lion got loose?" Two of those in the dress circle, who laughed heartily, were Mr. F. W. Haddon, of The Argus, and a military reporter of The Age. Mr. Haddon was probably thinking of the war correspondent, who had left that evening for South Africa. But The Age was mercifully unconscious that his. uaper had been badly left, as it was once before when an Argus man got first to America. "The Australian girl speaker," as Miss Hannah Isaura Ackman calls herself, lectured on Ideals of Womanhood to a handful of people, . mostly her co-religionists, in the Masonic Hall last week. Austral Salonites, of which society Miss Ackman is a member, very unkindly stayed away in large numbers, only two or three being present. Miss Ackman, who has plenty of nerve and a good memory, is inflicted with a rather shrill voice. Synopsis of the lecture: Ideals, Federation, Beautiful Clothes, The Story of a Cat, Courage, Unselfishness, The Story of an Angel, Ideals. An Australian herself, she barracks for the women of her own country, and that is creditable, when society women and others contemptuously consider Australia "the colonies/' as they call it, though they are only following the example usually set by the different Governors, their staffs, and their womeiikind. "TJitlander" is a man with a Chamberlain monocle and a thoughtful expression, whose lectures last week were crowded with all sorts of important people, including His Excellency the Governor and Lady Brassey, who drove to the hall in a carriage fitted with Dunlop tyres. It gives a pedestrian quite a weird feeling to watch a carriage going noiselessly over the blocks, and only hear the sound of horse's hoofs, and suggests visions, ghosts, and other things of another sphere. His Excellency, however, looked substantial enough, and enjoyed the lecture thoroughly. Mrs. Joseph Doubleday, known to Melb. folk as the discoverer of Amy Castles, has lost money over several concerts given to bring out other talent, and is to be benefited. Mrs. R. W. Best, who called a meeting at Glen's on Friday, is never happy unless she is helping some one, and leads as busy a life as the Hon. R. W. Best, whom his friends never see at home except on Sundays, when he has a day of domestic peace. One of his daughters promises to develop into a Melb. beauty, and the second daughter is a brainy child, who is fond of scribbling. Talma photo., Melbourne. Mr. John Hancock, M.L.A., The Member for Footscray (Vic, 1 , who has just escaped being elected to the Upper House. The Sir William Clarke Statue. The picture of the Sir Rupert Clarke statue herewith given is the original drawing made by Mr. Mackennal for that work. It is the accepted design of the Melb. committee. The Australasian, by the way, finding THE CRITIC had the only copy extant, got in a week ahead by publishing a photo of a rejected design, which was very smart, but not very fair to its readers. The bust of Sir William is a speaking likeness, the clothing being his D.C.L. robes, instead of the stiff coat and collar first suggested. It is supported on a massive pedestal with a beautifully moulded and draped female figure, which represents Victoria, holding a cluster of bay leaves. Tlie boy at the foot represents young Yictoria, and the model in his hands is an idealisation of Trinity College, the Melbourne University College with which Sir "William's name is closely associated. The statue will be of white marble, cost some <£3,000, and stand at the top of Collins Street in Spring Street, close up to the Treasury Gardens. Mrs. H. P. Nicolls, the Yic. cycliste who has ridden from Adelaide and from Sydney to Melb., is amongst the many who have taken to golf. Dorothy Yane is just trying the Scottish game to see how she likes it. So far she can sing . Chon Kina much better. The sister of a Melb. pen woman has just won the ladies' championship trophy of a suburban golf club. The mayor and mayoress's concert seemed specially given for non-dancing folk, though quite a number of girls went with their chaperones. Marshall Hall, who conducted the orchestra, was most complimentary to the mayor, who was very liberal in his engagement of the musicians. Most people when listening to Marshall Hall saying pretty things wondered what had happened, for the Ormond professor when speaking in public is usually hitting everything and everybody very hard, especially non- musical wealthy people like the mayor, who, however, is an exceedingly generous patron of musicians. Skating used to be an amusement of domestics and butcher boys on their nights out, and they called it skyting. Then cycling was "smart," and many women who hated it made martyrs of themselves in unsuitable costumes, ruined their complexious, and then sold their wheels with the same enthusiasm as they had bought them. Now skating is classy, and cycling is popular. Mrs. Clias. Lempriere and Miss Crooke's At Home at the South Yarra Rink, where skating was the amusement, is to be followed by others. It only seems yesterday since society was practising cycle quadrilles in a suburban drill-room, and gymkhanas were held in every decent sized garden about Melb. They all say skating is much easier, and the rinks being under cover complexions are not spoiled. Mrs. Fraser, who shot her husband in St. Kilda, said to have worn rational dress for cycling. This direful news will kill (any up-to-date woman's desire to wear 'em. A racing man's wife does pretty well in skirts on a lady's bicycle. She goes out "training" with her husband on the roads, and when in the humor can keep up fifteen miles for an hour; and, of course, leaves every other woman she meets way back on the horizon. People are surprised at the youthf ulness of Maud McCarthy, Australian violiniste. She is a mere child, and probably the youngest artist who has been "commanded" by the Qfceen. Melb. dressmakers rushed with orders for Cup dresses, and say their customers are not particular as to cost—a marked difference to other years since the boom, when a guinea hat and thirty shilling dress did duty for Government House garden party and the Cup. One of the reasons for present reckless expenditure is explained by the craze of Melb. women. One girl who backed her fancy for Tas. mines made <£100 in a month, and in one little suburban set the girls were going without gloves and investing the money in sixpenny shares in the hope of similar luck. Janet Lady Clarke's agent has leased a seaside summer residence, and possibly she may buy it. In the lifetime of Sir William Clarke Rupertswood was the family summer camping ground. Since Sir Rupert Clarke has inherited it his step mother in summer has been like the dove sent out of the ark, for Cliveden is all very well in winter, but too warm in summer, as the only grounds are the tennis courts. The East Melb. mansion was left to Janet Lady Clarke for life, and it is quite unlikely that she will sell it as rumored. Some of the tapestries in the Cliveden hall are very valuable. The splendid oak staircase looks as English and artistic as that in Dorothy, but there are no trick stairs like those down which William Elton used to slide with such sensational effect. The thought that Cliveden might be turned into a coffee palace and the magnificent staircase be trodden by trippers has made society absolutely ill. A popular aide, who was said to be engaged to a wealthy widow ever so far back, is now credited with matrimonial designs on a very wealthy heiress, whose late father's sheep were the pride of Yic. The aide is a splendid fellow with a title —the lady has several thousands a year. What more do any sensible society want to make them hapjpy? The vivid story of the Glaucus and the brave sailor men who risked death in a jolly boat off the rocks at San Remo, as told in a Melb. daily, was written by Monty Grover, the clever son of a clever ex- penwoman. Mrs. Grover was the first woman to write society gossip in Melb., and did it so well that, as racing men say, she "holds a record that will stand for many a day." Sons always inherit . their mother's cleverness, anci, in addition, the young journalist lias a brainy. father. Miss Edith Berry recited her brother-in-law ("Oriel" Sande's) verses on Majuba Hill at "Uitlander's" lecture, and recited very well. Her Bister AlyB is one of the first of Melb.'s women dentists, and her elder sister, Mrs. Sande's, is, as every one knows, noted for her beauty. Mr. O'Hara, the chief surgeon in attendance on Dr. Fraser at the Alfred Hospital, has had some sensational surgical cases—all great successes. Hepulled Madame de Alba through a terrible accident. Madame was coming., down in a lift. While stepping out of it her face was crushed badly. When Dr. O'Hara was called her features were unrecognisable, and her life despaired of, but Dr. O'Hara was skilful, and the difficult "case" is still the marvel of local surgeons. • Mr. Chas. Lempriere, the surgeon who took several skiagrams of Dr. Eraser's head, is an old huntsman who follows the Oaklands Hounds regularly. His wife and sister-in-law, Miss Crooke, are splendid huntswomen, who never saw a tence they feared. Their eister, Mrs. Highett, was killed in the hunting field several years ago. Dr. Lempriere was out that day. He rode immediately to Mrs. Highett's assistance as her horse rolled over her, but she was past all aid, and was killed almost instantly. Photo by Johnston? 0'ShanHP.isy, Melbourne. A Melb. Medico, Dr. F. Bird. Two Melb. lady cyclists in Mrs. Birkin and Mrs. Donald McDonald, the wellknown writer, are cycling overland from Sydney to Melbourne. Weather permitting, they leave Sydney to-day (Wednesday), and expect to reach the Gay Metrop. on the 14th. 