SACKVILLE. (From our own correspondent.) Mr. E. Kemp has a fine collection of bees, all of which are of a choice strain. Brigg's Red May and several other varieties of the early peaches on the river are just about played out. A. concert and social are being ar- ranged to take place in the Wesleyan Church on Boxing Night in aid of the Church funds. Mr. John Turnbull has a splendid young citrus orchard coming on, which in a few years should be a most profitable one. Mr. Alfred Turnbull ia beginning to make his large farm look well, and be- sides a big area of corn, has a splendid bed of tomatoes which are coming along well. Mr. James Watkins had some of the best early apricots on the river, and ob- tained as much as six shillings per quarter case for some, which shows they must have been of good quality. The river steamers have been doing a great trade during the past week or two with the early fruit. Besides other cargo the s.s. Hawkesbury brought up 2800 cases on Wednesday night - last, which is about a record for one trip. Local farmers have not grown as many tomatoes this year as they did last season on account of the uncertainty of the crop, and also on account of the low prices ob- tained daring the past year or two. What have been grown, badly want rain after fire scorching winds of last week. Piero Fiaschi son of Dr. Fiaschi is at present away in America at the Dentists' College, studying dentistry and medicine. Carlo, another son, is with the New South Wales Lancers at the Transvaal and little Miss Fiaschi, the bright and intelligent little daughter of the Doctor is at present spending a few days at Tizzana. Mr. Charles Tuckerman intends build- ing a stone house on his land an early date. We hear Mr. Stephens has the work in hand. Mr. Harry Greentree is making rapid progress with Miss John- ston's cotttage near the Gospel Hall, and by all appearances will have it completed in a very short time. One of the finest country residence about this locality is that of Mr. R. H. H. Brown. A fine stone building sur- rounded by a well-kept orchard of about 16 acres, including stone and citcus fruit, forms Mr. Brown's fine homestead. Be- sides orchard land, 7 or 8 acres are planted with maize and other crops, whilst a patch of new land, only recently cleared, gives promise of bringing forth a good yield of melons. Mr H. W. Wollaston, son of our popu- lar schoolmaster, is at present occupying the position of black and white artist on the " Town and Country Journal," and is considered one of the cleverest artists in the colony. We were shown some of his pictures during the week, which are spleen- did works of art, and go to prove that Mr. Wollaston in his youth has discovered the great gift with which he has been endowed. The orcbardists and farmers along the river are asking for a boat to run on Fri- day, so as to catch the train at Brooklyn at night in order that their fruit might get into Saturday's market. At the pre- sent time the boats run down on Satur- day, and in consequence the fruit does not reach the market until Monday, when large quantities are spoilt through being pulled too long. Mr. John Aspery has been busy during the past week or two getting his stone fruit to market. The orchard, although only covering about three acres, is a very profitable one, the crop being prolific. Besides the stone fruit orchard Mr. Aspery has a fine citrus orchard, which, however, does not give promise of a very heavy crop, on account of the early bloom being spoilt. On arriving at Mr. Thomas Turnbull's orchard during the week, we found all hands busily encaged pulling and packing fruit for market The apricots were the finest sample we had peen on the river up to that time, being well colored and very large, Mr. Turnbull has a fine orchard of about 10 acres, principally stone fruit of various kinds, whilst about 200 young citrus trees are doing well and are very healthy. Mr. Turnbull has a variety of fruit which will carry him on for some months. Mr. George Hastwell declares that when returning home from the military social at Windsor last week, he saw what local folk put down as being a ghost. George was riding along slowly outside of Pitt Town, when he heard a man walking behind him, and on looking round saw the man or apparition dive in- to a waterhole on the side of the road, and splashing through the water made for the bush on the opposite side, and thus disappeared from view. The Tuckerman family, who form a good percentage of the Sackville popula- tion, and all of whom are stalwart sons of the soil, have almost every inch of their workable land under cultivation with some crop or other, including fruit, vegetables, and grain. Renowned cricketers, as well as good farmers, are the same family-from the father down to the youngest son-and we would not be surprised to see a whole team of Tucker- man's in the field some of these days. Mr. Jamas Holmes' well situated farm at Sackville, which is now in the hands of Mr. Fred Gardiner, has undergone a great change of late, and has not for many years been seen to look better than it does at present. Fred Gardiner is a chip off the old block, and evidently knows how to keep a farm in good order. He at present works 30 acres, which in- cludes a splendid crop of seven acres of Brighton Rubies and Brownell potatoes, and over 20 acres of maize. Fred has put plenty of hard graft into the farm, which is a credit to him. Writing from Albany, on board the s.s. Kent, on Nov. 6th, to Mr. A. J. Laraghy, the genial Manager of Tizzana Vineyard, Dr. Fiaschi stated that both he and Carlo, his son, who is with the New South Wales Lancers, were quite well and full of courage and strength. The Dr. is very partial .to rock melons, and in referring to the subject, he states he will be satisfied with eating the Boers rock melons, if they hare any. From the dry, sarcastic way in which the Doctor writes, he is of opinion that the Boers will be all wiped out before they see any more melon seasons. He further states : My 1892 wine that I brought on board keeps splendidly, and is much liked by Colonel Williams, who shares a bottle every night at dinner. He hoped to be back before next Poultry Club Show and win some more cards. The rugged road leading down from the public school to the cemetery and other places is still a local topic of great in- terest. The road which is very steep is most dangerous to travel down, and it is a wonder there has not been a list of accidents on it. Perhaps this can be accounted for by the fact that so few would run the risk of driving down it. For over fifty years the residents along the lowlands including Turnbulls, As- perys and others, have had to put up with this road, and at the present time have to keep their vehicles on the opposite side of the river on account of there being no means of exit from their homes Some time ago a road was surveyed from the School of Arts, in a circuitous route along the farms on the river, and Mr. M. E. Kirwan also reported favourably on the new line, but there the matter dropped, and remains at present. The road is positively dangerous, as is also the so- called bridge at Lamb's Creek, over which pedestrians cross with anything like con- fidence. It is a matter for regret thay our Member has done so little in the way of making the opinions and interests of the people of Sackville Reach known to the Legislature. If he travelled about among his constituents as he should do, he would have had to come down this splendid track, and would have known whether the people were asking for more than they are entitled to or not. As a watch dog of the interest of the Sackville folk he has neither bitten, nor shown his teeth, nor even had the spirit to give tongue. Whether the people of the river are pleased with all this display of masterly inactivity on the part of our representative will be shown at the next general election. 