THE DEVIL'S HEAD. CHAPTER XXVII. FAREWELL. That evening whilst her husband and her guests were sitting at dinner, Oriana, exhausted and miserable, lay on a couch in the shaded light of her sitting- room, unflinchingly facing the situation before her. The first hours of horror and bewilderment on learning of her mother's illness were now succeeded by that calm which arises from despair, during which she reviewed her past and examined herself, as if she might gauge how far the dreaded malady had eaten into her life. She remembered that even whilst at school she had suffered in a subtle way not experienced by her companions. What had lightly passed by them had affected her sensitive temperament. Unknown to and unsuspected by those around her, she had dwelt in a world of her own that was convulsed by wild ambitions and extraordinary desires, or made gloomy by depressions for which there seemed no cause. Emotion and imagination had played inordinate parts in her inner life. She had been subjected to apprehension so vague as to be nameless, yet so vivid as to be unendurable. The heart-loneliness that makes existence a waste had always been hers. She saw now she had never been as others. She had been haunted by a spectre whose name she did not know until now ; a spectre that had goaded her to bitterness and rebellion ; that had inspired her with desperate thoughts ; that had forced her to acts she was unable to control. She had been cursed from birth. By the light her newly-gained knowledge cast on her past she judged her feelings towards Rigel ; of the fascination she had felt for one who had never sought to win her affection ; her fierce longing for his love ; her intense jealousy ; the avowal she had felt compelled to make ; her tears lest she might be unable to keep the secret of what she believed was his guilt. She had frequently looked back upon the midnight scene in the guard-room, as a hideous nightmare ; its recollections had made her burn with humiliation ; had made her turn with repugnance from herself. To-day she thought with a touch of self-pity it was perhaps the knowledge that she never could really know what happiness was, that had made her so desperately anxious to realise it at any cost. What had she done that she should suffer from this horrible taint ; that she should have been doomed from birth to struggle in this darkness ? Was there, after all, truth in the philosophy that taught that we suffer in this life for the sins committed in a previous existence ? In what other way could the wrongs or maladies endured by the innocent, from the cradle to the grave be accounted for ? What poor creatures we were, understanding ourselves so little, understanding those nearest to us even less - each a riddle to the other. Her incurable malady weighed heavily on her. Not to know what the future might produce, what calamity its darkness might produce was unendurable. In that direction lay her cruellest fear. Nor was her dread for herself alone, but because of him who was dearer to her than life—whose life she had spoilt. He had not hesitated to sacrifice himself for her and now that a more pressing need for sacrifice on her part arose, would she hesitate to spare him a tragedy that might be spread over years ; to set him free from the bondage of the mindless wreck she might become any day - any hour ? Then whilst dwelling on this terrible thought she pictured what might have been were she like everyone else, and could have held his love. To part with him would violent heart-wrench, for she was the one thing in the world to which she clung ; but if only for his sake, if only to preserve his unborn children from an inheritance of darkness and despair, she must go hence. Once its necessity appeared clear to her she did not flinch from this idea— she did not shrink from facing the unknown. But in mercy to herself she resolved that it must soon be carried out ; for every moment between this and her last would be a separate agony, because of the knowledge that with the passing of each, the time she could be near him grew shorter and brought her closer to a parting that might be eternal. So she lay there thinking out the details of her intended departure, whilst those below, unconscious of the tragedy she planned, ate, drank, and made merry ! all but the doctor, who alone was aware of the knowledge that had come to her, of the darkness that engulfed her. It was he who soon after dinner tapped at the door, and on being bidden to enter sat down beside her. " I would not let Sir Rigel come up," he said. " I was afraid he might disturb you." Oriana made no reply, and Bickersteth, little suspecting how she hated him for keeping her husband away, continued, as he felt her pulse : " You are much calmer, much better." " I shall be much more rested when I have slept," she answered. " That's right ; you must be brave," the doctor said, sympathetically. " I am going to be very brave," she replied. At that he felt pleased, said he would make up a sleeping draught, which he would send her, and suggested that she should retire early. In the morning it seemed plain to him she had decided to maintain her promise of being brave, for she came down to breakfast unexpectedly, whilst Lady George, Rigel, and himself were at the table. They greeted her with pleasure and assured her she looked well. Bickersteth accused himself of being an alarmist and in the same breath excused himself for being the same, stating it was only one of the tricks of his trade to magnify an illness, so that the patient's recovery might advertise his doctor's skill. Oriana, who felt as might some poor forlorn ghost that had wandered back amongst the living whom it loved, was pleased by her welcome—such a welcome as she would never again receive. " For my part, I am doubly glad you are able to be down to-day," said Lady George, " for I fear I shall have to leave you tomorrow." " To-morrow ?" repeated Oriana. " Yes, and you would never guess why." " There's a man at the bottom ot this," stated the doctor, with mock gravity. " Why, of course there Is," she answered briskly. " I know it," said Bickersteth, triumphantly. " Perhaps," Lady George remarked, " you will think me a foolish woman." " I can only think of you as a delightful woman." " If only he would," she answered. " But I do, I swear it," replied the scientist. " I wasn't thinking of you, doctor." " Then who, pray ?" he asked, in playful indignation. " My husband. I had a letter from him this morning." " How indiscreet." " He is going down to Grantham Hall, where his father is very ill, and he wants me fo go with him just to keep up appearances before the duke, who has old-fashioned notions about married life and who may leave us something handsome." " And you will desert us for that man ?" exclaimed the doctor, with an assumption of resentment. " Yes; I am to play the part of a devoted wife. It will be almost as funny as acting in amateur theatricals in a back drawing-room," replied Lady George gaily, " Ah, the deceit of woman," sighed the doctor. " Now, I will tell you one of my secrets," said Lady George, confidentially. " Tell me many. I delight in scandal," Bickersteth replied. " I have always been in love with my husband." " How preposterous." " Pray don't tell anyone, it would make me seem so ridiculous ; especially to him, if ever he heard of it." " The duke is very old," said Rigel. " Yes ; but although he is ninety he hasn't yet consented to die," Lady George answered. " People only consent to die when it's no longer possible to live," Bickersteth remarked. Oriana rose and turned away. When presently the guests were out on the terraces, Rigel said to his wife : " So you are really better today ?" " Yes, but I am still very nervous, and I want you to stay with me all day if you will, for that would comfort me above all things," Oriana said, pleadingly. " I will do whatever you please," he answered, gracious as ever. " Ah, how good you are to me," she said, tears rushing to her eyes - tears was unable to restrain. He took one of her hands between his own, saying, " Don't upset yourself, dear." " You will let me stay near you all day ; for that will give me strength," she persisted. " Yes," he answered, humouring her, we shall spend the day together ; all to ourselves." To Be Continued. 