A FAMILY GHOST CLOCK. Of the fact- that t&r;&uge; phem inrr.a < which peoplo ore obliged to ticcepL without being able to jturpliiin thom, stiys llie Ifonton Transcript" (U.S.),tho quaint little town of Marbleheail furnishes an ii»Mi;iieo in tlin ghnfie of an oltl clock, or tlin almost, empty case of one, belonging to Mis, Hitman, who livoa on Kecd's-liill, not fur from tlio railway station. Even thr most sceptical liaro bran obliged to admit its extensive nnd invHt rifMit* workings and to confosBtheir inability to explain the puwer thai controls it- oi to advance any reasonable ttieuiy upon the i-ubji et. It has been visited and examined by ihi-tiR.iu !s during tile pnst few years-by cleigynien, scientists,a nil others of learning and i xpeiionce—and they Iiavsall nnnio sway satisfied that there Wcis no delusion or ttickety in what, they witnessed, and tilled with wonder at what they hnd seen and heard. It is Kiuiply tho woudon rah? of an oldfnsliioiii-d eight-day cloik, entirely itivtiiulo of workH, and containing nothing save the coiled wire that oucu formed a nottion of tho striking apparatus. It wai he n oprrty i f Mrs. Pitman's father himI Im ne t, to Iter recollection, been niliprtbau il is nrw-^tth r.'iit pendulum nnd niiehanisni. Knr some reason unknown in others, it wna pii7,eft vo.rv highly by the old gentleman, mid was kept on tho mantel of a f uldom occupied room on the second floor of the liiuiR". The family, oompriMng,besides Mrs. Pitman, Iter f.ither, childien, and brother, were ulniiuhgoing people, and were nnver known r.t* socalled Spiritualists, and she knew nothing of the mysterious puwtie possesncd by tlie old clock until one evening, when shu licui-d it strike clearly and distinctly, nt» if in pel feet order. She listened with amazement until the strokes ceased, and then, turning to her father, wns about t.o express lirr surprise and ask him for an explanation of the wonder, when hp antd very quickly: Jt is striking forme; I am going away." She laughi-d io disbelief, an-i lie added: I mean that 1 urn going— never t" letiun. ' " But tlm^e are people who ki> thai tliur-e who die do coino b.tt'k hutuelnues," -lie eaid, refusing to regard the matter seriously. But he looked at licr intently ns lie said, Blnwly and solemnly: " Then,if it is [lotaiblc, I will return to yon, my daughter, and in a way ynn cannot mistake." Nothing more was said at the time, and a few days later tlie old gentleman died—ve.iv suddenly. Mrs. Pitman had given little thoii^ln. to her father's words, until one day when in lhe room where the clock was Icept, i-bc wns startled by bearing it lick, with the bame regularity nod distinctness an though the missing workB wero aj;ain within the elite and moving thn long-goue pendulum. She hastened to cill lier brother; and ns the two stood listening to the nii-nu!onous " lick-tick " of the invisible pendulum, vho told him for 1 lis iiin time nf what their fathnr had said to her shortly befcrn bis (Will. He listened to Imr with impatience, nnd wlion heretory was finished lie asked,angi ilv, if she believed their iledit In!her nimbi eome back to uartli snd manipulate tint oid t, And lie w&rnod; her to say nothing !•• tlin neighbours about thn nintter, for feui- tliuy wight " think hercraxy," Sevnral cleckuiakers were called in, but nonuui ibem could find anything to accnunt for tlin strange ticking within t he one,which now bugou to cuino quite ficqm utl)'. Mrs. Pitman soon found that the clock would reply to qucstionH whiuh eonld bo answered by a simple " Yes or " No," nnd that the responses wero always sensible, nnd, when relating to future events, home out by the subsequent factB. These huswms nm id ct,me not only for her own benefit, but <• r that of otliors as well, bo that many I inn consulted it through her " uiedimnsliip " — if such it can be called—nad nlwnjs uiii> satisfactory results. At times, nnd when the visitors am musical, theie will be li. aid n tinkling.as if invisible lingers were pinking on the wire; and, upon one occution, ibere came to thn astonished ejirs of a lady the opening nol en of an Hir which liail been the favourite of a recently deceased relative. 