SKETOIiEJR. <s DROWNING. 'Drowning is a pleasant doath' is a romark constantly mado by those ' who novor gulped down salt water into thodelioate tissnos of thoir lungs. Pwioo I have had tho oppor tunity of judging of tho allowed doftohto attondant on doath by drowning ; and. on eaoh ooousion my sonsations, so -long "As sonsibihty romniuod, woro tho reverse of plousunt: woro, indood, so painfnl that I wonder if drowning, like tho drags of the pharmacopoeia, does not affeot different individuals in a differont manner. By somo strange montal process, tho cause of whioh 1 cannot explain, tho enrlior of the expori- oDcea I am about to relate romainB by far tho more vivid improsaiou of tho two, although tho aoooud woa fifteen yoaro later tlrnu the firdt. Every inoidont) omotion, and aoueation of the earlier oxporionco constantly roturnB to mo at niarht. The eooond remains in oblivion unless I. voluntarily aud pur- | posoly rooali tho oiroiimstanoos to my mind, I and then tho picture bailed up is a oonsoious eirort of too mnmnr? . mni. 4.1.«. j . . . — — j , uvt iuu viviu una stirring panorama of an ovont whioh ovon now I am involuntarily oompollod to witness anovt, and from whioh I oannot osoape by any effort of tho will. The earlier inoidont, in all its externals, is eommonplaoo enough. As a lad X was bathing in rough woathor on tho beaoh of a watering pluoo in Northern Franoe. Swept put to sen, I struggled, sank, became in- BenBible, and was saved by tho oourage and skill of a gallant fi'ronohman— who wrote bis namo that day in my mother's Now lostament as a momorial of tho reaoue. This woe i all. The oiroumstnnoes woro ordinary. A thousand suoh may oooar overy yoar. iayohologically, however, tliore aro points of interost whioh oriao prinoipally from the faot that I remombor all that happened dur- ing a period of time whioh may have beon four or five minutes, but whioh appeared to be as many honra. Almost immediately I ontorod the water, the mnoh-resonnding roar of the waves struok mo as desolating and sorrowful— full luroDoaing ana terror. Ashamod of this fanoy, I mstinotivoly but foolishly fought my way soawarde, ond was promptly out of my depth; not because I intended to run any rtBk, for X oould not swim, bnt beoause the strong ourront had soooped out a hollow in the sandy bottom, whioh had six foot of wator on the top of'lt. ,. Tumbled over by the wavos, the oonoontrated agony of the moment when the water olosod over my head for the firet timo oannot be desoribed. It was the bitterest point of tho .straggle. Cruel and omnipotent foroo, without warn- ing or roason, surrounded mo, and my j frantio and determined offorts to esoape only inoroaaed the pent- up posHion to ooase hold- mg toy broath and to inhale onoe more. X felt instinctively, as X writhed in the oold, black water, that if onoe I succumbed to the temptation to expel my breath, whioh almost bupst the nbB in my angry efforts to retain it, the end would -.oome; that X should be oompelleii to breathe inwards whilo covered with the pressing salt wator. At this time X ftiust have civfin wnv. nn«4 tt,A I Btream of air-bubblos rose to the snrtooe. A few weeks before X had watohed the drown- ing of a oat in the: olear wator of a running stream. The animal was tethered to a stone, and had fought.with upturned faoe ior liberty. When the bubbles rose In a silver fountain from the corners of its mouth, it stood at. toe bottom, swaying in the gentle ourront, tnraed ovor, and after one final straggle gave up the ghost. This soono oamo vividly before me. I thought of this wretohed oat, and was half amused to thinlr that my oase. was tho oaso of the oat. There was no fear; tho. actual oiroumstanoes flilod my attontioii, and -the. piteous longing to esoape and the inability of my efforts sud denly became subordinated to the feeling of intolerable pain. Eyes, ohest, limbs, were all one Bolid pain. Just then ltouohed the RAtinv nnffnm mUL c « . I « a if """ "V "ugers ana «nee, and hastily snatohed a handful of sand and water to thruBt in my mouth to end this struggle for air. All X wonted was to ond the pain. No thought of death, exoept as an interesting and immaterial faotor in the situation, oamo over mo. It is trne that 1 remembered that X should be missed when dinner-time oame and X was found misBing ; and thinking of tho homo people, I thought of a blue tie I had left on a ohest of drawers mmy bedroom, which I had intended to put on. Then, suddenly, I found my oyes above wator for a seoond, and X saw two i blurred figures near. On this I sank again, and was oonsoious of "rolaxing effort and sinking out of a . oonsoious state to one in whioh one dreamed " without knowing what the dreams were From this I awoke in great- pain in the oontre of a orowd on the uunuu, nu »uot my resouer naa borne me. My first thought was one of infinite and unreasoning, sbariie ; ; but the nausea oansed, by Bwallowiug so muoh salt water quiokly brought me baok to earth again. On tho _ seoond oooasion, many years later, I was swimming at some distanoe from the shoro in the tropios, and when X turned in a homeward direotiou 1 found that the our- rent was too strong for mo, and that, do what I oould, I was , being swept in an easterly direction ; aud as the ooast line trended northward, this was equivalent to being taken out to soa. The sense of being ona®. more in too olutoh of an omnipotent and inexorable foroo of tho sea overwhelmed me with dismay. I remembered with horror all the sensations that had attended my earlier experience of drowning, and to this approhenaion was added the knowledge that there was some, though not a groat, danger from sharks. X looked shorewards and soa- wards, and saw to ray joy that a small coral islet or rook, a few feot square, lay in an easterly direotion, and that by hnsbanding my strength it might be praotioablo to reach it. Alternately swimming and floating, I was overoome by a terrible fatigue, and aB i my strength toiled' I booamo oonsoious of fthe faot thai a groat disaster was at hand. Almost abandoning hopo, I was involun tariiy interested in contrasting the sensa tions experienood under the shadow of tho doath that was impending with tho toolings nndor similar oironmstanoos fifteen years before. It suddenly ooourrod to mo that I if I shouted with all my remaining strength I tho sound might roaoh the shore, and that a I oanoo might bo manned and put out for my I resouo, and might reach mo in timo. AL- thOQVh I WOO not nwnrn nf thn fanf m«r n.i,.a I w " " U1J UtIDO had been heard. Half 8wimming>l half drifting with tho tide, I had managed to ewallow auifioient salt water to produce partial insensibility ; ' hut by some good fortune, and almost unoonsoiously, it seouia that I managed to roaoh tho ooral roolc to whioh referonoe has beon mado. Although I felt no pain at tho timo, tho Bharp edges of tho ooral growth aovorely out my hands and body, and I was bleeding freely whon overtaken by a boat whioh, without my knowledgo, had put out to save mo. I sud denly bcoaine oonsoious of tho prosenoo of ipy rescuers, and' automatically grasped with a frantic olutoh tho kuife-liko odgeB of tho ooral fronds, which grievously laoorated my fingers. Whether it was tho smell of blood or moro aooident at tho time when I was lifted from tho wator into tho oanoo, a shark was almost touohing mo ; but tho noiso and sploohing mado by tho mon in tho boat suc cessfully frightonod him away. 1 havo no rooolieotion of being iiftod into tho oanoo, I but was in a dead faint for somo minutes. At no time during this lattoc experience was I I oonsoious of tho slightest tendenoy to sur- i voy my past life, or to deplore tho sins and failings whioh 1 share in Qommon with the rest of humanity. It is a remarkablo instance of Shake- Bpoaro's omniscience that he refers to the I pain of drowning in the celebrated soliloquy of Olarenoo iu tho ploy of Richard XXX. in a sense totally opposed to tho popular con ception of thia modo of death, and in exaot agreement with my own experience. I 4 Oh Lord mothonght, what pain it was to I drown 1 I to?8' dread'nl noise of water In mine oars ! I what sights of agly death within mine oyes I > I « I and ofton did I strive To yield the ghost : but stlU toe envious flood Btopp'd in my soul, and wonld riot let it I forth I ?nd empty, vast, and wandering air ; 5? b 8mo'bat,d " within my panting bnlk, whioh almost bnrst to beloh it in the sea. — ABNOLD WHITE; 