THE STOBYTEMJKB When the Sleeper Wakes. By H. G. Weios. Author of the ' Wonderfal Visit,' ' The Wai of the Worlds,' and ' The Invisible Man.' CHAPTER XX.— Continued. Beyond this place they came into a crowded hall, and be discovered the cause of the noise that had perplexed him. They paused at a turnstile at which a payment was made. Graham's attention wag immediately arrested by a violent, loud hoot, followed by a vast leathery voice. ' The Master is sleeping peace fully,' it vociferated. ' He is in excellent health. He is gain? to devote the rest of his life to Aeronautic*. He eays women are more beautiful than ever. Haba ! Our wonderful civilisation astonishes him beyond measure. Be yond all measure. Haha He puts great trust in Boss Ostrog, absolute confidence in Boss Os trog. Ofttrog is to be his chi*f minister ; is authorised to remove or reinstate public officers — all patronage will be in his hands. All patron age in the bands of Boss Ostrog ! The Council lors have been sent back to their owe prison above the Council House.' Graham stopped at the first sentence, and, look ing up, beheld a foolish trumpet face from which this was brayed. This was the General Intelli gence Machine. For a space it seemed to be gathering bieath, and a regular throbbing from its cylindrical body was audible. Then it trum peted ' Gallonp, Galloop,' and broke out again. ' Paris is now pacified. AH resistance is over. Haha ! The black police hold every position of importance in the city. They fought with great bravery, singing songs written in praise of their ancestors by the poet Kipling. Once or twice they got out of hand, and tortured and muti lated wounded and captured insurgents, men and women. Moral— don't go rebelling. Haba ! Galloop, Galloop. They are lively fellows. Let. this be a lesson to the disorderly banderlog of the city. Galloop, Galloop.' The voice ceased. There was a confused mur mur of disapproval among the crowd. ' Damned niggers.' A man began to harangue near them ' Is this the Master's doing, biothers P Is this the Master ? ' ' Black police ! ' said Graham. ?« What is that ? You don't mean ? ' Aeano touched hje arm apd gay him a warning look, and forthwith another of these mechanisms Fcreamed deafeningly and gave tongue in a shrill voice. ' Yahabab, Fahah, Yap ! Hear a live paper yelp ! Live paper. Yaha ! Shocking outrage in Paris. Yahahah ! The Parisians ex asperated by Ihe black police to the pitch of as sassinating them. Dreadful reprisals. Savage times come again. Yaha ! ' The nearer Babble Machine hooted stupendously, ' Galloop, Gal loop,' drowned the end of the sentence, and pro ceeded in a rather flatter note than before with novel comments on the horrors of disorder. ' Law and order must be maintained,' said tbe nearer Babble Machine. ' But,' began Graham. ' Don't ask questions here,' paid Afbdo, ' or you will be involved in an argument.' ' Then let us go on,' said Graham, ' for I want to know more of Ibis.' As he and his companion \ ushrd their wny through the excited crowd that swarmed beneath these voices, towards the exit, Graham conceived more clearly the proportion and features of this room. Altogether great and small, there must have been nearly a thousand of these erection?, piping, hooting, bawling, and gabbling in that great space, each with its crowd of excited listeners, the majority of them men dressed in blue canvas. There were all sizes of machines, from the little gossiping mechanisms that chuckled out mechanical sarcasm in odd corners, through a number of grades to such fifty-foot giants as that which bad firtt hooted over Graham. This place was unusually crowded, because of the intense public interest in the course of affair* in Paris. Evidently the firrnggle had been much more savage than Osrrog had represented it. All the mechanisms weie discoursing upon that topic, and tbe repetition of the people made the huge hive buzz with such phrases a« ' Lynched police men,' «? Women burnt alive,' ' Fuzzy wuzzy.' ' But does the Master allow »uch things ? ' asked a man near him. ' Is this the beginning of the Master's rule ? ' Is this the beginning of the Master's rule ? For a long time after be had left tbe place, tbe hooting, whistling and brayiDg of the machines pursued him, Galloop, Galloop, Yabaha, Taha, Yap! Directly they were out upon tbe ways he be gan to question Asano closely on the nature of the Parisian struggle. ' This disarmament. What was their trouble f What does it all mean ?' Asano seemed chiefly anxious to assure him that it wa* ' all right.' ' But there out rages J ' ?? You cappot have ap ome]eUe,' paid Asano, tf without breaking eggs. It is only tbe rough people. Only in one part of tbe cily. All the rest is all right. The Parisian labourers are Ihe wildest in the world, except ours.' ' What ! the Londoners ? ' ' No, the Japanese. They have \o be kept in order.' ' But burning women alive !' ' A Commune !' said Asano. ' They would rob you of your property. They would do away with property and give the world over to mob ruls. Yon are Master, the world is yours. But there will be no Commune here. There is no need for black police here.' ' I did not think,' began Graham, and Btopped abruptly. He went off at a tangent to ai-k for in formation about fheFe Babble Machines. For the most part, the crowd present bad bren shabbily or even raggedly dressed, and Graham learnt that eo far as the more prosperous classes were con cerned, in all the more comfortable private apart ments of the city were fixed Babble Machines that would speak directly a lever was pullfd. The tenant of the apartment: could connect this with the cableB of any of tbe great News Syndicates that he preferred . When he learnt this presently, he demanded the reason of their absence from his own suite of aparlmeDts. Asano stared. ' I never thought,' he said. 'Ostrog must have had them removed.' ' They must be replaced directly I return,' said Grabam He found a certain difficulty in understanding that both this news room and the dining hall were not great central places, that 6uch establish ments were repeated almost beyond counting all over the city. But ever and again during ths night's expedition hie ear, in some new quarter, would pick out from tbe tumult of the ways tbe peculiar booting: of the organ of Boss Osfrog, Qaljoop, Galloop ,' or the shrill ?' yahaha, Yaha, Yap ! — Hear a lire japer ve'p ! ' of its chie rival. Repeated too, everywhere, were such creche s as the one he now entered. It was reached by a lift, and by a glass bridge that flung across the dining hall and traversed the ways at a plight up ward angle. To enter the first section of the place necessitated the use of his solvent signature under Asano'R direction. They were immediately attended to by a man in a violet robe and gold clasp, the insignia of practising medical men. He perceired from this man's manner that bis identity was hnown, and proceeded to ask ques tions on the etrange anangements of tbe place without reserve. On either side of the pussage, which was silent and padded, as if to deaden the footfall, were narrow little doors, their size and arrangement suggestive of tbe cells of a Victorian prison. But tbe upper portion of each door was of the pame greenish transparent stuff tbat bad enclosed him at his awakening, and within, dimly seen, lay, in every case, a very young baty in a little nest of wadding. Elaborate apparatus watched the at mosphere and rang a bell far away in the central office at the slightest departure from tbe optimum of temperatare and moisture. A system of such creches had almost entirely replaced the hazar dous adventures of tbe old-world nursing. The attendant presently called Graham's attention to the wet nurses, a vista of mechanical figures, with arms, shoulders, and breastB of astonishingly rea listic modelling, articulation, and texture, but mere brass tripods below, and having in the place of features a flat disc bearing advertisements likely to be of interest to mothers. Of all tbe strange things thai Graham came upon that night, none jam d more upon his habits of thought tb8n this place. Tbe spectacle of the little pink creatures, their feeble limbs swaying upcertaiply in vague fir»t movements, left alone, There were all sizes of machncs, from the little gossiping mechanisms that chuckled out mechanical sar casm in odd comers, through a number of grades to such fifty-foot giants as that which had first hooted over Graham. -Chapter XX. without embrace or endearment, was wholly re pugnant to him. The attendant doctor was of a different opinion. His statidtical evidence showed beyond dispute that in the Victorian time the mo *t dangerous passage of life was the arms of the mother, that there human mortality had ever been most terrible. On the other hand thin creche company, the International Creche Syndicate, lost not one-half per cent, of the million babies or so that formed its peculiar cure. But Graham's pre judice was too strong even for these figures. Along one of the many passages of the place they presently came upon % yonng couple in the usual blue can Fas peering through the transparency and laughing hysterically at the bald head of their first-born. Graham's face must have showed his estimate of them, for their merriment ceased and they looked abashed. But this little incident ac centuated his eudden realisation of the gulf be tween his habits of thought and the ways of the new age. He passed on to the trawling-rooms andtheKindergarten, perplexed and distressed. He found the endless long playrooms were empty; the latter-day children at least still spent their nights in deep. As they went through these the little officer pointed ont the character of Ihe toys, de velopments of those devised by that inspired sen timentalist Frobel. There were nurses here, but much was done by machines that sang and danced and dandled. Graham was still not clear upon many points. ' But bo many orphans,' he said perplexed, re verting to a first misconception, and learnt again that they were not orphans. So soon as they had left the creche he began to speak of the horror the babies in their incubating cases bad caused him. ' Is motherhood gone P ' he said. ' Was it a cant ? Surely it was an in stinct. This seems bo unnatural — abominable al most.' ' Along here we shall come to the dancing place,' said Asano, by way of reply. ' It is sure to be crowded. In spite of all the political un rest it will bo crowded. The women take no great interest in politics — except a few here and there. You will see the mothers — most young women of the middle class in London. are mothers. It is con sidered a creditable thing to have a child — a proof of animation. As for motherhood ! They Hill take an immense pride in the children — if they are nice. Thev come here to look at them quite often.' The air was suddenly dancing with music, and down a way they approached obliquely, set with gorgeous pillars as it seemed of clear amethyst, flowed a concourse of gay people and a tumult of merry cries and laughter. He saw curled heads, wreathed brews, and a happy, intricate flutter of gamboge parsed triumphant across the picture. ' You will see.' said Atjano with a faint tmile. ' The world has changed. In a moment you will pee tbe mothers or the new age. Come this way. We snail ee- them yoDder a^ain very soon.' They ascended a certain height in a swift lift, and changrd to a slowc-r one. As they want on tbe music grew upon them, until it was uear and full and splendid, and, moving with its glorious intracies, they could distinguish the beat of innu merable daucing feet. Thay made a payment at a turnstile, and emerged upon the wide gallery that overlooked the dancing place, and upon tbe full enchantment -if sound and sight. ' Here,' sail Asano, ' arc the fathers and mothers of the little ones you saw.' The hall was not so richly decorated as that of the Atlas, but saving that, it was, for its size, the most ppleiidvl Graham had seen. The beautiful white-limbed figures that supported the galleries reminded him once more of tbe restored magnifi cence of Eculp'ure ; they seemed to writbo in en gaging attitudes, their faces laughed. The source of the music that filled ihe place was hidden, and the whole vast shining floor was thick with danc ing couples. ' Look at them,' said the little officer. ' See how much they show of mother hood.' The gallery they stood upon ran along the up per edge of a huge screen that cut the dancing hall on one side from a s.irt of outer hall that showed through broad arches the incessant on ward rush of the city ways. la this outer hall was a great cro wd of lcis brilliantly dressed peo ple, as numerous almost as those who danced within, the great majority wearing the blue uni form of the Labour Company that was now so familiar to Graham. Unable to pa«s the turn stiles to tha festival, they were yet unable to keep away from the sound of its seductions. Some of them even had cleared spaces, and were dancing , also, fluttering their rags in the air. Some phouted as they danced, jpt-td and odd allusions Graham did not understand. Oooe someone began whist ling the refrain of the revolutionary ttpng, but it seemed as though that beginning was promptly suppressed. The corner was dark and Graham could not see. He turned to the hall again. Great black festoons and eloquent pentimente reinforced the huge inscription that partially defaced the upper end of the daucing place, and asserted that ' The Festival of the Awakening ' was in pro gress. ' Myriads are taking holiday or staying from work because of that, quite apart from the labour ers who refuse to go back,' said Asano. ' These people are always ready for holidays. And, of course, no one blames them. What is life for but pleasure ? ' Graham walked to the parapet and stood lean ing over, looking dowu at the dancers. Save for two ot three remote whispering couples, who. had stolen apart, he and his guide had the gallery to themselves. A warm breath of scent and vitality came up to him. Both men and women below were lightly clad, bare-armed, open-necked, as the universal warmth of the -ity permitted.. Many, of the women were pretty, and all were dressed with elaborate coquetry. '« What sort of people are these ? ' he asked abruptly. 4- Workers — prosperous workers. What you would have called the middle class. Independent tradesmen with, little separate businesses have vanished long ago, but there are store servers, managers, engineers of a hundred sorts. To night is a holiday of courae, and every dancing place in the city will be crowded, and every place of worship.' ' But — the women ? '* ' The same. There's a thousand forms of work for women now. But you had the beginning of the independent working-women in your days. Most women are independent, now. Most of these are married more or less, and that gives them more money, and enables them to enjoy such de lights as these.*' ' I sse,' said Graham, looking at the flushed faces, the flush and 8wirl of movement, and still thinking of that nightmare of pink, helpless limbs. ' And these are— mothers.' ' Most of them.' Graham stood looking down. .. ; . '« The more I see of these . things,' he faid, ?'the more complex I find your problems. This, for instance, is a surprise. That news from Paris was a surprise.' In a little while he spoke again : ?' These are mothers. Presently, I suppose, I Bhall get into the modern way of seeing things. I have old habits of mind clinging about me — ha- bits based, I suppose, on needs that are over and dune w.'th. Of course, in our time, a woman was supposed not only to bear children, but to cherish them, to devote herself (o them, to educate them — all the essentials of moral and mental educa tion a child owed to its mother. Or went wi'hout. Quite a number, I admit, went without. Nowa days, clearly, tht-re is no more need for such care taan if they were butterflies. I see that. Only there was an ideal — that figure of a grave, patient woman, silently and serenely mistress of home, mother and maker of men — to love her was a sort of worship ? ' He stopped, a ud repeated, ' A sort of wor ?tip-' ' Ideals change,' said the little man, ?' as needs change.' OX THE SANDS. ' . P'''''/ ? 'Arriet: ''Airy, ain't it 'dt?'' ? ? // 'Any : ' Vy don't you fan your*elf with yjui- 'at '.' I Graham awoke from an instant reverie, «md Asano repeated his words. Graham's inind re turned to the things at hand. ' Of coarse, I see the perfect reasonableness of this. Restraint, soberness, the matured thought, the unselfish act, they are necessities of the bar barous state, the life of dangers. Dourness ifl man's tribute to uncouquertd nature. But man has onquered nature now for all practical pur poses — his political affairs are managed by Bosses with a black police — and life is joyous.' He looked at the dancers again. ?' Joyous,' he said. ' There are weary moment*,' said the little officer reflectively. ' They all look young. Down there I should be visibly the oldest man. And in my own time I should have passed as middle- aged.' ' They are young. There are few old people io this class in the work cities.' ' How is that ? ' ' Old people's lives are not so pleasant as they used to be, unless they are rich to hire lovers and helpers. And we have an institution called Eu thana*y.' ' Euthanasy,' said Graham. ' The eisy death?' ' The easy death. It is the last pleasure. The Euthanasy Company does it well. People will pay the sum — it is a costly thinjsr— long beforehand, go off to some pleasure city and return impo verished and weary, very weary.' ' There is a lot left for me to understand,' Baid Graham, after a pase. ' Tet I see the logic of it. I see the logic of it all. As you say, what pleasure is there in life but pleasure i It's clear — and it's unsympathetic. All our array of angry virtues and sour restraints was the offspring of danger and insecurity. The Stoic, the Puritan, even in my time, were vanishing types. In the old days man was armed against Pain, now he is eager for Pleasure. There lies the difference. Civilisation has driven Pain and Danger so far off — for well to- do people. And only well-to-do people matter. I have been asleep two hundred years.' For a minute they leant on the baluetrading, following the intricate evolutions of the dance, and, indeed, the scene was very beautiful. ' I am king of this world,' said Graham sud denly. ' And before God, I would rather be a wounded sentinel freezing in the snow than one of these dancing fools.' He turned abruptly on the little officer and was half surprised to meet an . answering light in the sloping eyes. ' When one is grieved,' said Asano thoughtfully, ' one thinks like that — even in these days.' '? I am uncivilised,' said Graham. ' That is the trouble. I am primitive — Palaeolithic. Their fountain of rage and fear and anger is sealed and closed, the habits of a lifetime make them cheer ful and easy and delightful. You must bear with my nineteenth century bhocks and disgusts. These people, you say, are skilled workers and so forth. *'And while these dance, men are fighting — men are dying in Paris to keep the world — that they may dance.' ' For that matter, men are dying in London,' Baid Asano. There was a moment's silence. ' Where do these sleep ? ' asked Graham. 'Above and below — an intricate warren.' 'And where do they work ? This is— the do mestic life.'* ' You will see little work to-night. Half the workers are out or under arms. Half these peo ple are keeping holiday. But we will go to the work places if you wish it.' For a time Graham watched the dancers, then suddenly turned away. ' I want to see the work ers. I have seen enough of these,' he said. Asano led the way along the gallery across the dancing hull. Presently they came to a transverse passage that brought a breath of fresher, colder air. Asano glanced at this passage a* they went past, stopped, went back to it, and turned to Graham with a faint smile. ' Here, sire,' he said, ' is something — will be familiar to you at least — and yet- ? But I will not tell you. Come ! ' He led the way along a dosed passage that presently became cold. The reverberation of their feet told that this passage was a bridge. They came into a circular gallery that was glazed in from the outer weather, and so reached a cir cular chamber which, seemed familiar, though Graham could not recall distinctly when he bad entered it before. In this was a ladder — the first bidder he had seen since his awakening — up which they went, and came into a high, dark, cold place in which was another almost vertical ladder. This they ascended, Graham still perplexed. But at the top he understood, and recognised the metallic bars to which he clung. He was in the oage unler the ball of St. Paul's. The dome rose but a little way above the general contours of the city into the still twilight, and sloped away, shin ing greasily under a few distant lights, into a cir cumambient ditch of darkness. Out between the bare he looked upon the wind clear northern sky and saw the starry constel lations all unchanged. Capella hung in the west, Vega was rising, and the seven glittering points of the Great Bear swept overhead in their stately circle about the Pole. He saw these stars in a clear gap of sky. To the ' east and south the great circular shapes of complaining wind-wheels blotted out the heavens, so that the glare about the Council House was hidden. To the south-west he saw Orion like a pallid ghost through the tracery of ironwork and interlacing shapes, overhanging a dazzling coruscation of lights about the aeroplane stages. A bellowing and siren screaming that came therefrom warned the world that one of these ap pliances was ready to start. He remained for a space gazing towards that brilliance. Then his eyes went back to the northward constellations. For a long time he was ftilsnt. ' This,' he said at last, smilinjr in the shadow, '* seems the strangest thing of all. These old, familiar, silent,, shining stars ! ' And thence Graham was taken along devious ways to the great gambling and business quarters where the bulk of the fortunes in the city were lost and made. It impressed him as a well-nigh interminable series of very high walls, surrounded by tiers upon tiers of galleries into which opened 1 thousands of offices, and traversed by a compli cated multitude of bridges, footways, aerial motor rails, and trapeze and cable leaps. And i here more than anywhere the note of vehement vitality, of uncontrollable, hasty activity, rose high. Everywhere was violent advertisement, i until his brain swam at the tumult of light and colour. And Babble Machines of a peculiarly rancid tone were abundant and filled the air with strenuous squealing and an idiotic slang. ' Skin your eyes and slide,' ' Gewhoop, Bonanza.' ' Gollipers come and hark ! ' The place seemed to him to be dense with people either dread ' fully agitated or swelling with obscure cunning, yet he learnt that the place was comparatively empty, that the great political convulsion of the last few days had reduced transactions to an un precedented minimum. In one huge place were long avenues of roulette tables each with an ex . cited, undignified crowd about it ; in another a yelping Babel of white-faced women and red necked leathery-lunged men bought and sold the shares of an absolutely fictitious business un dertaking which, every five minutes, paid a divi dend of ten per cent.., and cancelled a certain pro portion of its shares by means of a lottery wheel. These business activities were prosecuted with an energy that readily passed into violence, and Gra ham approaching a dense crowd found at its centre a couple of prominent merchants in violent controversy with teeth and nails on some deli cate point of business etiquette. Something still remained in life to be fought for. Further he had a shock at a vehemeut announcement in phonetic letters of scarlet flame, each twice the height of a man, that ' We assure the Proprietor. We assure the Proprietor.' ' Who's the proprietor,' he asked. ' You.' ' But what do they assure me ? ' he asked. ' What do they assure me ? ' ' Didn't you have assurance ? ' Graham thought. ' Insurance ? ' ' Yes — Insurance — I remember that was the older word. They are insuring your life. Dozands of people are taking out policies, myriads of lions are being put on you And further on other people are buying annuities. They do that on everybody who is at all prominent. Look there ! ' A crowd of people surged and roared, and Gra ham saw a vast black screen suddenly illuminated in still larger letters of burning purple. ' Anuetes on the Propraitor — 15 pr. G.' The people be gan to boo and shout at this, a number of hard breathing, wild-eyed men came running past, clawing with hooked fingers at the air. There was a furious crush about a little doorway. Asano did a brief calculation. ' Seventeen per cent, per annum is their annuity on you. They would not pay so much per cent, if they could see you now, sire. But they do not know. Your own annuities used to be a very safe investment, but now you are sheer gambling, of course. This is probably a desperate bid. I doubt if people will get their money.*' The crowd of would-be annuitants grew so thick about them that for some time they could move neither forward nor backward. Gra ham aoticed what appeared to him to be a hijh proportion of women among the speculators, and was reminded again of the economic independence of their sex. They seemed remarkably well able to take .care of themselves in the crowd, using their elbows with particular skill, as he learnt to his cost. One curly-headed person caught in the pressure for a space, looked steadfastly at him several times, almost as if she recognised him, aud then, edging deliberately towards him, touched his hand with her arm in a scarcely accidental manner, and made it plain by alooK as ancient as Chaldea that he had found favour in her eyes. And then a lank, grey-bearded man, perspiring copiously in a noble passion of self-help, thrust between them in a cataclysmal rush towards that alluring ',t 5 pr. G.' ' I want to get out of this,' said Graham to Asano. ' This is not what I came to see. Show me the workers. I want to see the people in blue. These parasitic lunatics ? ' He founl himself wedged in a struggling mass of people, and this hopeful sentence went un finished. (To be continued.) 