THE NEW SHIRE HALL. & PATRICK CUMMINS, ESQ., OPPOSES. The attitude of Cr 0'Donnell to this jonrnal for some years pant has been the reverse of friendly, and that is patting the matter in a mild way. We- have been fighting htm fairly, shelling him amidships with reprimand and ridicule, and raking him fore and aft with whole some reproof and admonition at every opportunity, and we propose to con tinue the discipline till we have whipped the last vestige of the " old Adam" out of hint. In the present stage of evolu- tien to which he his at'aincd, wewonld'nt trnst hint in some respects as far as we .--ti 1<I threw a bull hy the tail. But a fa--t. ??& fact, and ih« truth is the truth whether spoken hy the lips of an angel -if light -ir breath-d by an imp of dark- tl osg HamaoiIw /I A'TI II ti 1. leuvviiwj \jt \j UtJUllrll, fllHll n wisdom and ability beyond hi? years, brought forward an admirable scheme . for shifting the shire offices to a more suitable, central and accessible position hv tlio purchase, at half its value, of tbe K-rnng Mechanics' Institute, and tbe sale, at a good price, of tlie present out nf .the way edifice ihat.. has Jteen _pu,t np„ nnimpeacliahler«Tiaence tiat tbli'Mesir- : able change could be "effected -witbont . touching a penny of the shire revenue, an 1 that it would be, on the contrary, a decided financial relief to the overbur dened ratepayers. Although regarded ri'lter shyly at first, tlie derided desira bility and wis lorn of tlie step soon commended itself to popular favor. Cr O'Donnell first broached the subject to the committee of the institute, where, after thoughtful examination and care ful scrutiny, it was almost unanimously approved. The only objection worth n-iting was raised by Mr \V. J. D-ivey, who contended that it was proposed that the trustees of the Mechanics' should gire away too much to the gene ral ratepayers, and receive too little con sideration in return. A deputation was appointed to wait on tlte council and submit the scheme. The report of what transpired was fully published. The decision of the council was deferred for a month to admit of the fullest con sideration both hy councillors and their constituents. Not a single dissentient voice was raised tn the interim, ami from all parts of the shire reports came ia indicnting (lint the proposal met with the approval of the great majority of the. ratepayers. When, at the following rued ing, the mattvr came up for deci sion, it was evident that the scheme wotthl be accepted, and accepted it was hy a substantial majority, No coun cillor gave a silent vole. Cr Curlett, always cautioas, said he had regarded the proposal rather dubiously at first; tut careful conslderat'on of tlie details, ;>nd the knowledge that the great inajn- ti'y of his constituents heartily iavored it., compelled his unhesitating approval. We have frequently seriously differed with Cr M'Donald as to his municipal policy ; hut wiih regard to his integrity, his business shrewdness, and his ac knowledged financial ability, we have always had the highest opinion. Cr M'Donald,. (bough opposed on principle sense. He was satisfied (lie property in queslion was worth considerably more than what was asked for it, and that il could be disposed of at any lime in the open market at a prnfir. Cr Moire rose to tlie dignity of the oecasion, and at tbe same time and for all time 50 per cent, higher in our estimation by au eloquent oration in enlogy of the tnanv desirable features in the proposal. He went into figures to show thai through the change over £100 a year could be saved to the ratepayers iu the item of refreshments and hy the combination of offices, not to mention the saving in time to councillors, officers and rate payers. Cr Simms followed suit. Cr .Dnnstan said he was not going to re gister a silent Vote, and gave sound reasons for supporting tlie scheme, which would be of great benefit to tbe ratepayers. Cr M'Lennan said he ap proved of and accepted the scheme, and would vote for it fallv confident that his constituents would endorse his action in August. Cr Richardson was unavoid ably absent in Melbonrne, and conld not attend the meeting ; but he sent word that he and his people were in favor of (he proposal. The president and nis little trinity of followers opposed th>- scheme. The motion was carried ; the off-r of the trustees was legally and for mally accepted. At a public meeting nf subscribers, fully advertised and well attended, for the purpose of ratifying the action of the trustees, there was not one dissentient voice. The bargain was strnck. There was a condition as re gards time to the contract. The money Was to be paid in June. The necessary- notices of motion were given by Cr O'Donnell for borrowing ths £1200 re quired, without a single word of adverse comment being uttered in the council. It was ascertained that the money was available locally at par, but it was thought that it conld be obtained at a pr. mittm if offered in tbe city. Then, after nenriy two months. .bad, elagsed runinrs gained cnrrency in the west that President Wrstblade and tlte secretary, and one or two others so far unnamed, were conspiring and intriguing to foment such action as would defeat the resolu tion of the council. Mr P. Cummins, one of the leaders of tbe late severance agitatiou, started rennd with a petition' for a poll. He had evidently been mis:' led grievously, and was still smarting under the unfair and unjust treatment of the council in connection with the severance movement, ar he would not have acted in this way. The petition with the necessary £20 depusit was loageu Dy Mr tyutnmius ; and the man datory provisions of tbe Local Govern ment Act duly observed by ths ap pointment, at the shire expense, of over 40 deputy returning officers and the same number of scrutineers. The pecu liarity of this Cummins poll is that only one side of tbe question can .' be _ repre sented in the polling. Only thqsb who are opposed to the present economies, only those who wish tbo old --slipshod, wasteful and unfair methods rib be con tinued, can record tbeir votes. y'The ad vocates of economy, justice, fair play and progress to better conditions cannot vote at all. A little inquiry soon con vinced Mr Cnmmins and his sympa thisers that the poll -would prove abor tive. Then a second petition 'was sent in asking that the poll be deferred till August ; and the sympathising presi dent abd secretary convened a special meeting to be held next week at the ordinary meeting, when the president will move that all resolotions referring to the loan he rescinded. This shallow subterfuga is too transparent. Do the president and tbe secretary take the councillors for imbeciles or children — which? The -bargain' has been legally made by the council in all good faith, and has ths same binding effect on both parties to the contract. Messrs Rattray and Westblade seem determined to have the ratepayers continnonsly fleeced by the lawyers. - The despised ratepayers will, in August next, have an opportu nity of saying whether disloyalty and treachery to tlie council and tlieir inte rests do not render it imperative that they should dispense with the honor (?) of "Cr Westblade's services as their re presentative, both at the council table and on the magisterial bench. The council can bring its paid servant to ac- connt without ceremony. We tolly ap preciate the amiable qualities of both gentlemen, and trust that ea<-h will be ante io give a reasnuauty -sausiHcuiry ex planation of this decidedly irregular procedure.; We hope thai neither has strayed from the path of manliness, im partiality and rectitude to the extent that is now -currently supposed. But we must make all charitable allowance fet" the in finance of environment. It is peSSpSrWrnmognSHifsmr datk and insidious ihiellig'ence, some restless ghost attracted by affinity tn the old time scene of so much wrong, intrigue end debauchery. Like attracts like in the ' physical and the spiritual. IF tiiis supposition he correct, then the victims are entitled to nnr loving sym pathy and help. If they »ro the mere tools of others in the flesh, then they are entitled to tlie protection nf the majority of the c-mncillo.'s, who should at once assert their authority and afford relief hy such protection. The contract for the purchase of ilia new shire has been made by the council, and the bargain cannot legally be re pudiated. The proposed poll is only a vexatious fizzle, caused by a few people who did not understand the nature of the transaction, and perhaps had no opportunity of learning its real nature. For the benefit of snch we again give hereunder tlie main features of the scheme, which have been several time? previously published : — The proposal was that tlie shire conn- cil buy the Mechanics Institute for £1200, which is the amount of the mortgage on the building, and candidly admitted by men of shrewd financial acumen to be abont half its value! The pnrohase also includes the whole of the plant and fnrnitnre within the building (except books and periodicals), worth between £150 and £200. The Me chanics' Institute has produced in rents dnring the past tour years, which Itave been the worst on record, tlte sum of £77 annnally.- The council have sub sidised the Mechanics' Institute to Ihe amount of £20 in each year, and it is proposed' to either reduce this vole to £10, or abolish it altogether. It eatt be clearly se6ti I hat litis saving of £10 per year, added, to the amount received nnnualiy iu rcnls, will furnish at Ihe lowest estimate £87 per year. On the other hand the council will have to pro vide toe "interest, and. sinkin-- total on per annum, tigd the sinking' fund neces sary tu liquidate the loao in a period of 25 years will amount annually to £34. 5:. Therefore lite annual expenditure that will have tu be met on account of the loan will be £82 5s, and to pay this sura the council will have an income of £87 at its disposal, or a surplus over the amount ncoes- sary to pay interest and sinking fund of £4 15s in each year. At the end -of the period of the loan, viz., 25 years,, the ooancil and ratepayers wilt be in the position that tbe property will be paid, for without ever hiving touched oue penny of tbe ratepayers' money. Tliey will be in possession of a magnificent building situated io a central position in tbe tuwo, which will be bringing in the oouncil a splen did rent that will be at its absolute) disposal to spend in any direction it may think fit. Tbe old shiro hall is to be sold for a aim not less than £500, and it is our opinion that it will- realise a much larger amonnt if its sale is properly handled. Whatever;- the sale of the old premises will revise will he devote J to the improvement of the new building and not one psnny more. Tbe scheme is unassailable in any aspect. It is so obviously meritorious iu every detail, that its explanation ensures for it a whole-hearted, undi vided and unhesitating approval and support, 