I HorPK.iim.u I \ lillie i'l'n"iMli:i ¡li li'|iiil walli' willi ¡Hnfli'n mill il.'alwi- (In' -Lil! (Mn-s M'--"l- iiKiv Iv iiiiriiii'il liv viiwing' «¡I! ,.. W.ll'ir.1 . lilli-. .'.I. .Mirv wa-liin.' arel il-vill" P'llisll till' vv-,i,i.,v- K\r,i a iii- .-ii-iiimis iritii.'i- j P",ii |.l:ili". sli.nil.l In- .1. -'ii. ,I Tv- nibliing1 .'.ii'i ii rliitli ml in apiinniii.i mn! waler. J M.itli iiinnnt I»' ili-(iny.'il ill furniture witlinul reue'vine; (lip om-er- anil liaviii',' t ]i>' tm i i- liaki'.l liv an ui'ii.ilsd'ipr, I Tn Vri'-I a |iaii" nf (jla-s I.iv n halli-innm uimliMv. make a str.m«; Milmi<iti nf K|e.«>m Milt-. ;ni.t vinegar. «|ifilv witli a Wie-!i, an.I ¡¡o «xv H W' "itli iviliîc I ;!) |li>-)>. A little sonp rubbed on (He bottom of n ?squeaking door will sometimes lonicly 11 ic trouble. II Ihr diflbully Iii- in ll»' lunges, <!ip II feather in kerosene mid npply, swing il.g th'.' door to mid fro gently. A newing innoliino should bo oiled every ot'.ioi tiny when in constant uso. I sc tho list iiim'hino oil, lind wino oil' tho suiplus i'll earelnlly. It should bo run steadily, never stnried or stopped with ii .jerk. When not. in uso it sh..ut.! he mili.inded muí th" foot lifted from tho fred. Shoos ¡ire bettor than bo'its for streiigth or.i'ig the tinkles. fehl ,. is a valuable lil.ind pnriti";' for gouty or rheumatic people. Hamid limier eau bo made perfectly sweet by washing il thoroughly in salt- petre alu! water. A 11: >- ¡ ii H III 1 II I of mn-;.il'.1 mixed in a tumbler ol warm willoi' is uno of tho ijuiok ost emetics known. 'I bel" is such II thing as too much regu- larity of habit: we ino not clocks, and a little vol iel y is gund at times. Conni ry exorcise is hotter fur the muscles than any amount of town exorcise. Walk- ing alwavs un pavcui'-nts makes the ankles thick. If your gums uro tender try painting llieiu with a camel's hair brush wit h lemon iuico. 1.0 careful nm lo io. il touch thc Loth. ¡.oft Wi'lei- should always he used for making soup, unless it be of green peas, when hard waler better preserves tho ci lour. To shine hoots quickly do not blacken, lui rub with II phiv of orango. Lol thc juico dry in. ami th 'ti polish with a soil blush, when they will shine like II mil nil. kidd down comforts .ito opt lo lose their lightness after considerable uso. To restore them, bint »oil with a talton boater, and I.mi!; on tho lino for a few hours in strum: lill.1. To dran ¡i zinc lined hat li usp kerosene, hu un oilier preparation has such a brightening ?.licet. Simply moisten 11 chit li willi kcioi-cno, and with il nih thc inside . if the hath. Tu privent good lianne) from shrinking and kiip Hie colour bright, it should he wa-hed in wnrm \vater--iiol hoiled-the seal) well washed out-then hung up evenly and dried rapidly. 1'or removing old paint and varnish from wnrdwork, apply an emulsion forme," of two parts ammonia shaken up with one part of ILipeutine. This so softens the Ililli tl at after a few inonienls il eau he si I aped or ruhlied oft". A Much-needed 'Training. No »i lunn who takes up a special line of work thinks of entering into it without sonic picfactnry training along those lines. 'The present slunililld of cxwllcnoe is high, ano makes it impossible to (liter the world ? I laliour without previous pre|iaralion. lhere is one profession, however-the ino-t important of nil-for which no systematic training is considered necessary, ll is the protesten of u ml ri ll iori \\. Young woiiien euler into this position of extreme resjionsi hi.'ity sweetly ignorant of thc duties before theiii, as well as of the bcsl methods of pei forming those duties. On ..thc house- keeper depends the Ix n lt li, condon, mid happiness of thc family. If she hus never Leen in ti Ul led us to thc methods of pro cm ing the best results, the hist few years of murringo ure spent in disheartening ex |<TiincPs. whose influence extends to the temper ol the entire family, and discord and fault- finding ure the result. Consider- ing the large iiuuilicr nf women who murry und hold in their hands lin happiness nf families, it seems strängt* that there should lie so little special training for the piofes fiion of wife. Probably one reason for this is that muddily impels most girls to declare thal nothing is further from their minds itali matrimony. Therefore they ure fitted for any other sort of career, notwithstand- ing thc fact that most of them end by tak- ing husbands. Making ihc home-lire ideal, and successfully training children, are in /..'?pat fuclors in thc eountiy's success tn ."tau's (tuuiuprcial enterprise. How can :i fill lie expected lo ]ierioriu the duties ol these in portant departments by instinct alone* As il is impie-bibb' during school days lo know whether or not n girl will marry, while extremely probable that slu will, ti training in housekeeping should b< a part of her education. There me cartair principles of hygiene and sanitation thal ev» ryon.' should know, whether married ol not. There is also much to learn in tin mutter of thc nutritive value of foods Such knowledge us this would not eoini amiss ir. any of the pursuits of life, ¡is il might, in tl way, be considered self-prolce lion. Hu-ipforp. the gill who studies ti I't Herself for domestic life need not fem that ht r time is being warted, for us lou; us we nie gregarious animait, a knowhilgi ot household all'airs is advantageous, ti each on ; of us.-" The Fireside." The Spare Hedi oom. . Kooni.s Unit nie mmilmhiled fur mtv length <il time hccinuc kimi nf ghostly, und the stn uger entering thom fools lonely, I :>i tii-nl:.rly in tho spare bedroom where he or she ir left ell til ely alone for tho night, ''ho wall;- «re damp and ooh!, oven in inhl si'iiniutho hcd-chilluiig is damp and i lolly, yes. even musty-spiders hu vu spun their Webs in til.' emilers, and there is no pine under tho sun moro cheerless, unin- viting, lonely, and even dangerous to tho truest than this very Miine sparc bell.mm. dangerous because one is liable to contract a heavy cold, which might culminate ill pneumonia, because of sleeping in a damp 1-.01U between damp shoots and under dump oovors. Any room kept closely shut up must of, i.eoessily become chillv «nd dump, and tho [vospeit of sleeping in such a room vvouldl chill Ibo houri and soul of thc most biiov aol. ' i A iv oin that lins for a long time ro 1'iaiucd uninhabited lu i nines kind ol un- canny, and gives imo the toiling that it is] a place whore ghosts walk, and sinee most poi.plo mo afraid of ghosts it is not very pleasant lo he placed in .1 room where, per chance, they have had tull swing for a length of time, and therefore repel yinil- ia! I'llsioll. At l.-.tsl Ibo hiistcssmigh; open the blinds, throw upon tho Windows, and lot tho lush air ami sunlight ¡ni" ike room for .1 lew days before the guests arrive in slimmer limo, and see that Hie beil-covciing -s tho- roughly aired and dried. Ami in winter ti. tile 101:111 sh.111I1I he thoroughly aired. a liic kept going in th.' ronni I'm' at least a lew days hcioiv the arrival ci guests, thus; removing all dampness I rum the walls and1 lidding 'I bis will give to tho room an ap-j pen rance of habitation, which is refreshing il is not a mistaken idea to have any r "mi in tile house th-'.t is ton nice for us to I'soY 1,'ather lot us Illili every ronni ill tho house into immediate and 1 ontiiuini:.- usc. cud if a guest arrives we can easily double I.;I a little, and -till hi.iiiforiahh-,'and pul thc gtio-t inln a bright cheery room. bclray-| ¡Hg ml every limul sign-« of recenl habila-l ¡(ion. ann' hoing cheery .'.nd bright because Inf Ibis. ' I Al) lici ,lilli toilet articles should he placed .ii, ibo mum. A gcnonni.- supply m snap, v aler, and tnvvcls. and in Ihc winter tiine I pl.-lily ol covering to keep warm, and then i ii lin- jnicsl duos un; -leep pcaeofnll.. and ' v.i ll. it is. al Icasl. nu! tho fault nf tho hns ( 1 Ihc guest. 