LITERATURE The Storyteller. THE SPLENDID PORSENNA. SYNOPSIS. By Mrs. HUGH FRASET. Author of "A Chapter of Accidents, "The Looms of Time," "A Diplomatist's Wife in Japan." &c.; The story opens in Home. Honora. Der-<*> ing, on the eve of making her first appear- <*> ance in society, renews her acquaintance with Gerald Lawther, a distant cousin of her dead father, and, much to her mother* chagrin, they meet again the same evening at the Princes* * Vald'oro's dance* Lady Bva has set her heart upon her daughter marrying Into one of tbo beat families in the Papal City, and, when she sees the mutual friendship so rapidly ripening .be tween the two cousins, is more than ever determined to bring matters, to a crisis be tween Prince Orazio (The Splendid Por •enna). and her daughter. Gerald, noweyer, having won her heart, forestalls maUers by begging tor Honor's hftod ; this Lady Bra will net tor a moment sanction, ou the plea that marriages ibetween cousins are for bidden toy the Roman Catholic religion. To %He eokrar to this idea, she-determines to visit Padre Damiano, and, as a result of her interview (with him, to put a stop to all idea tf marriage bebween the two lovers. artA'PTIBR IV.-^lOontinued.) HaW-an-bour later, while little Honor was sill! weeping on her <bed, Lady Bva's snowy horses drew up, unwillingly enough, at a Urge green door in a blind wall. In an swer to her footman's peal the door slowly .opened Tor about 61n. from'the inside. Lady Bva got out of her carriage wtth a great ciwtfe of srtk and lace, and passed in alone. The heavy door swung back behind her, and she found herself in a small courtyard, poor and neglected, with stone steps lead ing up its steepness to a mouldy-looking MiiMlng, partly disguised toy creepers which ■taunted green pennons in the bright aftcr ioou ran. A very old man In poor clothes itood in the doorway of the house. He watched the visitor -without interest as she it imbed the steps ; she was only one of the many fashtoaabie women who were always coming to bother " that poor Padre Damiano." " Yes, he is in," replied the old man to l.ady Bra's inquiry ; " but he has much writing to do for the Bishop, ami* said I must not call him except for an absolute nocessUy." Lady BVa had foreseen this, and came armed with a note, written apparently in aa agony of pain and distress. She knew how to " fetch" the good man, and she did not stick at a lltfle exaggeration.,^ . her poiut. When tb^.tporter ba4)«K»e upataire with the note,i*t»<*at'dow«'id the convent parlour to watt for" the result. It was a terrFbly damp, cold place to come into on this <br!ght day. No sunshine penetrated its low windows ; the cheap blue paint on the walla was 'blotched with damp ; the druggot square on the floor was damp and stained, and did not cover all the bricks. A few sacred prints on the wails and a little plaster statue of the Blessed Virgin were tho only ornaments, and —the chsirp were hard in tbo extreme. The lady fidgeted, walked about, opened a window, and then smelt her battle of salts industriously. She was mortally afraid at getting Roman fever in this con ventual den. Sbe had not loug to wait, however, for in a few minutes a quick tread was heard in the passage, and a Capuchin monk entered the room and toowed to her gravely. He was a man of tfbout 50, with a face whose extreme pallor was lighted up by eyes of remarkable depth and brilliancy. The brow was broad, and the whole countenance serious, alert, and holy. " I am sorry you are in trouble. Madame," he said. " Please tell me what it is." This direct opening was not exactly what I«ady Bva had expected*, and it put a 'Very, neatly prepared phrase of despair out of the question. The father was still standing, a sign that he meant her to make haste. ' It is about my daughter," she replied rather tamely. " You know my daughter, Father—Honora Dering. She is giving me great trouble, very great (rouble, and I pray you to use your authority and help me." The monk glanced quickly at bis visitor's face ; then he said, "I am sorry to bear that Mademoiselle Dering aHrays appeared to me to be a docile and sweet-tempered young idy." " Ah, we have been greatly mistaken in her," sighed her afflicted mamma. " But please sit down, mon pere—-I cannot talk to you standing up." Padre Daioiano complicJ with evident re luctance, and Lady Eva began her sad story. • It was a hard one to tell, and sbe felt that tilie was not. making the desired impression nn her listener. At her first pause he louk r.l up suddenly, and said : " Madame, you ape saying hard and very Klrange ihlivgs of your daughter. Excuse me if I find it difficult to believe that MJas Der ing insists, rebelltously. upon marrying a young man whom she has only known for two days." •' Ah, did I say only for two days ? Well, ef course she knew him m a child, but that is nothing." This grave monk wanted the truth, and Vady Bva could have snriVtea him for wring *»S it from ktr. . "Pardon ■«, I think that h soßMtfcrß*-. What arc your o'ujoctlcr.E to the marriage in itself ?'.' He watched her carefully as ho spoke, for ho felt'that she mennt him to help her, and* meant to keep him In ignorance of tbe real object sbe wished to attain. But Lady Eva had a thousand reasons ready to give in tho place of the real one, which could ; not be spoken. ■ | " Objections ?" she exclaimed, almost aji- < grily. " Surely I have told you thai the ' ! youi>g man is a cousin and a Protestant ! Is not that reason enough for my objecting to the. marriage ?"• "It would be reason, enough if you were Ihe Mai-chemi Del -Saeso or the. PrlnceSß ' Coramboni," he replied, mentioning. t.w» very pious and strict ladles of her acquaintance; " but you must forgive, Madame, if 1 say that I am surprised to find you, who arc cer- | tainly anything but bigoted in your religious practice, so valiant in the defence of the laws which the Church herself holds H wise bomeUlinee to relax. Surely' you have some other reason. Is the young uran poor ?" • " Qti—not particularly," said Lady Eva, glancing uneasily at the pictures, on the walls, at tho cloudy window-pane, anywhere but at the quiet eyes which were asking the truth from her. In face of Padre Da ratano's rough garment and bare feet and ■horrid den at a room, how could she say thet a matter of two or three thousand a year soemed to her a pitifully snfaH inoonde for a young couple living in the world ? How could she confide to Padre' DamJauo, who had resigned a historical Htl» to become a barefoot monk, that she' had all sut sworn over Honora'n cradle that she woufd • ite nraitiher-rn-law •to a prince ? Yet unless Padre Dssntano oould be got to speak very decidedly to Ifonom ami against Gerald, she might have much trouble in getting rid of thaJt tiresome young man. He might frighten away the Splendid Pbrsenn*, who (some one bad whispered )n her ear) really meant buritness. It ever ah anxious mptfmr could be excused for telling a bl^sa/tlog lie this was tttie moment. ' . . ffho protended to hesitate, and h*v delicate . gloved fingers played with ttte>f^jLw^a*e»' ot the tajttectaCti. - Then she I ookeffup^ sud denly with tbe air of oue who has U^** a' painful resolutfon. -l '; ■'.. . "I will tell you," she jgaid^ in an'admtr abjy reluctant, tone."" 1. emrid n»t tell fiay innocent daughter, but—since irotl -make me say it—Chare are other reason*. 'My nephew Is a vicious, dissipated young man ; he would break her heart ; he hi not At for her to marry !" She really quke believed it now that she had said it, and felt her heart fuH of ma ternal h>ve and indignation. Padre DAmiano wm still sceptical. " M hi strange tb*t you should not have told me so at once," he said ooldly- He fett untruth in the air, and he.khev that the had lied to him all through, in itticntkm. If. not In word. He must have something clearer 'than this frivolous woman's tame story before he could judge. . - "I was sorry to have to say X at all,'! replied Lady Bva airily. Then she went on. pleading, " You sec how impossible k is, roon pero, do you not ? If my daughter comes to you, you will be sure to tell her to put it out of her head. I depend upon you ; she will do anything you tell her." ■ Padre Damiano sat for a moment -think ing ; then he spoke, looking at the end of the leather girdle which he held in bis band. " Madame, J would like to see both your daughter and this gentleman with the very bad character. If he ahould prove to be not a first cousin, and if there were hope of hto being brought into the Church, and to 'r* peittance, by fete affection for the young lady, it \s possible that a dispensation might bo obtained, although in general such mixed marriages arc unadvltuble. I do not wish to mako light of your objection*. If they are well-founded they are gray« ones. But I would wish to see the young people them selves before ranging myself entirely on your side. I suppose- tbe gentleman speaks French ? I shall bo here all day to-morrow. Now I mu»i a«k you to excuse me, as I have much to do." . With that be rose and opened the door, and Lady Eva knew that she was dismissed, and" passe'l out into 'tho sunshine. The monk watched her go down the steps ; then he turned into the house. " Hod forgive me." ho said to himself,, as bis wooden, sandale echoed on the w/ira bricks ; " I cannot believ* one word that poor woman sat*. The' man may be a de vout Catholic and no more her daughter's cousin than I am. Damme Illuminatio met!" After that horrid half-hour in tbe oon voot parlour with Padre Damiano's disap proving eyes upon her, Lady Bva panted for tbe airs of a more congenial element, and in a few minutes her carrtagt wao drawn up opposite the bandstand on the Pincio. In tbe late sunshine a little breese was moving the flowers to send forth wafts of perfume. The strains of a gay waltz were flying over people's heads as they sat and chattered in the carriage*. About a score of these had stopped near the band, and the one nearest to Lady Bra was that of Donna Olympla. Three or four men were standing beside it, exchanging remarks with the shrill-voiced beauty. Sbe was in high spirits, for she knew that the aua-.was touching her splen did hair and her white akin—and Orario was loaning over the side .of the carriage, and had not said a single unkind thing to-day. Suddenly he stopped in tbe middle of a sentence, and. without a word of farewoll. walked over to wberu Lady Eva was sitting alone ; after greeting her with extreme de ference, be asked after Miss Dering. and hoped that she was not over-tired to-day, j Lady Eva felt that the necescary lie was j I already bringing its reward. j " Oh. dear, no ! Honora was never tired," Rhe declared, knowing how a man of the world hates the idea of a delicate wife. " She is ptudyiog still a good deal, and stayed at homo to fininh a book. She is still so young ! I quite reproached myself for taking her to thar. ball tho other night." Which- was true, because Honora had made frioncl? with Gerald there. " I am very glad you did take her with you," said Orazio, throwing as much mean ing as possible into bis tone. " Now that we have seen her once, I hope you will not shut her up any more'in your haunted villa !" Lady Eva laughed with happiness. Her reward was coming tr. soon that it ought to have frightened her. Don Orasio went on«~ , . " Tou English people never can g«! on without a ghost, you know ! 'I 'bvlteve you-bring them from home witu you. We stupid Roman* never know that ouf houses are haunted till we let an apartment to a foreigner, and at once the phantom ap pears !" " I fcavo never seen our ghost," said Lady Eva, " and I am sore my daughter never has. Jt Is only supposed to appear at night in the garden, and of course one is never there at that time." " Where are you going this summer?" asked Orazto. It is the stock question in Rome in June, but it sounded significant in' Lady Eva's watchful ears. . " I have not quite decided,'' fche said warily. She had already sent half her things to a villa at Siena, taken, after much consideration, two months before. " Why don't you come to Vailombrosn ?" asked the Prince.. "My mother is going to our place up there, and I know she would be very glad to see you. You will ? »ThatJs right! I will speak to her at ouce, and she will write to you. Place me at the feet of mademoiselle. Au revoir !" He lifted his hat, and the sun fell on the gold of the hair, on the clear, happy eyes and the beautiful features. Lady Bva gasped out some kind of farewell, and be was gone. He laughed low to himself n3 he descended the long marble steps to the Ptazisa beneath. He knew all about the villa at Siena, and was amused at- Lady Bra's crafty sacrifice of all her.own plant) to jneet his wishes; "What an ideally i missive mother-in-law she would moke ! \\. As usual Carlo Spina had dropped Into the place Orazio bad left empty by Olym piad side. His life seemed to; b* a care ful understudy to Poiwnna's. v- ■■ . " What does it- mean ?" he asked, in real perplexity, as that magnificent. person planted himself by Lady Bva. Olympia shrugged her shoulders, and cmi led Into Carlo'R near- sighted eyes. Why should she not make the best of her chaacc* ! after all ? Carlo was small and ugly, but he was undeniably smart, and he amused her. " How should I know ?" she said lightly. " He is becoming so dull and tiresome that I fancy he is getting ready to marry an Bngv Msbwoman. Can't you see Oraxlo drinking tea and reading the Bible V He would look sweet !" . - " I hope she'll -beat him." said Carlo, drop pins his eyeglass jimt clear of bis mouth. " They say BtagYh)h ladies are very severe with thetr husband*. But Lady Bva does not look as If e&e; could beat anybody—she to so sweet and gentle." " Some of the gentleness comes off witb her bonnet, I fancy," sa4d Olympia.; "but she look* wonderfully pleased Ju«t now, doesn't she ? T^iere, be 1* gone. Do go and .find out what he aaM !" Carlo trotted ebedlenUy over on. his little Mtih-heetod boots to. Lady Bva's carriage, and in a very few mimitm bad got what he wanted. Lady Bva was much too happy to be discreet aWhat moment./ " What is it ?" said Olympia as be re turned to her vide, beaming at having been able to find out what she wished to know. His worship was genuine as far as it went. " Orario has asked them to Vallombrosa for the summer," be whispered behind the BheHer of her parasol. She wan holding X, a costly tortofee4nell toy, in both .bonds, and the wind-blown laces of it* edge made a otoudy background for her vivid beauty. Carlo never could understand now it was thett tlhe gold-bound handle suddenly snapped and shivered in a doccn pieces. The aeoi don'c seemed to have spoilt Olympic's tem per, for she at once drove home, and would not even tell him whether be might conic and see her that evening. The pleasant turn on the Plncio and the deTigtotfut surprise- of Orazio'g invitation acted as a tonic 'to Lady Eva's much-tried nerves. She now felt capable of deciding on what she called a proper course of action, one thai should deliver Honor* for good and all from the dangers of a rash marriage. 80 when Honora. her sweet eyes heavy with weeping, came down from ber room to the 8 o'clock dinner. Lady Bva kissed her cold cheek' graciously, and told her how sorry she bad been, on calling at the con vent, to learn thai Padre Datnrano was away in Naples, and would not be in Rome for some time to cone. Honora fell into the snare and thanked her mother for having taken the trouble to inquire, and then — feeling that tears might once more take the masteiy if she sr<o'<e of what bad pass ed—looked out at the great wide view and wondered if there was any poor girl be tween the sea and those mountain-tops a? unhappy as herself. She was cut off from her only councilor In not being able to see I Padre Dainiano, in whose wisdom and kind ness she had unbounded confidence, and she was at the age when the idea of wait ing patiently and letting events take rare of themselves is worse than any pang of youth's sublime despair. ' One thing she still hoped tn, and that was Gerald himeelf. He would move heaven and earth to find out the truth, to reach her side if there were no Divine law to part them. He wouM come back to morrow, and, though she would have no news for him, yet be would surely have some for her. It said much for the whole ness of her bringing-up that the idea of breaking away frpm her mother and seek ing counsel front another priest than her director never entered her head. It would have been of little use to ber if it had, for no servant would have accompanied her without Lady Eva's orders, and the dis grace of being seen alone in the street was one which nothing would have Induced her then to face. It was an immense relief when, towards half-past 9 o'clock, her mother announced that she was going out to some great lady'« " prima Bera" reception. The Romans al ways divide the evening into two, prima and seconda sera : and the first means that people can come, early and may not stay very late. Lady Eva wished to sec one. or two persons this evening, ami so re signed herself to spending a dull hour tn a dull bouse where she hoped that they might come. She looked charmingly pretty ai.-l benign as she embraced Honora before leaving ; and the daughter felt a little who of re sentment at seeing- that the mother could take fo much trouble about her dress and her diamonds and- her roses when she- her self was left with roch biiler tbough** at hOSMb But they were npt really bitter. Am Honora sat by tbe open wiudow under the stars, the beauty of the still night laid itu nameless peace upon her, and she knew that Hhe bail come into her inheritance, that eilber for joy or sorrow childhood's airs woro left behind, and henceforth her life must move to lordlier music, ou a high er road. And so sacred was this fair new love that she bowed her head on her hands and gave God thanks because It was the best of all that He had given her yet, bc <:auBe even its sorrow was an undmunca-or Joy. and all past Joys seemed pale beside it. When at last Bhe rose and moved abbot the room, she carried high her hoad with a royal sweetness, like a maiden queen rreah from her grace of coronation. OHA'PTBR V »£y?!.d W. lmt ft(W people •» Roul« *•• y£u £ c ViW«« tnmUy. »nd bin InUmacy with hem sprang from the faot that on» of their eons, tho kujguid ttfonao, had bun a,t Eton, and that Gerald hart been kind to him there. In bis p2rpl«xi»y consult than Alfbiwo'a mother/the oM Princess as tfae was called, to dUKlnguish £?i kT,^ 8 wife of her **«* «**. i* the delightfully British direct which pasae* for French in our public services, Gerald wrote a note to thfe lady, asklnjr her for Permtaiin, to come aad/seo totbTnSJ tew Into«^«. "po«r un« ma would kindly give him fher advice TJm Prte«« amiMi as she r«d hig i^ue? atj4 aaswww! it by two wtrrila and 2?St ™"M*«im; utfter the omntoer of her kiwi, ueraid was to com* to tier at 11 tha w«t £«?«£."• «-**WB£3 Bxactly at n he m*do his anpMranee and was shown intd a niarMe-flooredtlnkw -I™'/°°™"^ H* *»"uh, wj all col ored with holland pinafore*, and wiere the windows were tightly closed, outer Minus and loner «Ims, to keep out the luornhur • neat, v eliu»ic chill rei«ned ia 1™ ? f U "•""y- OeraJ<» b€«a« to f«r pro foundly di«oouraßed, and wished he h»* Then a door opened sud^lealy ami PrlnetM Vmrdoro entered, flhe w M -« tall, griy baired woman, wRh near-slfhted eyVs that necessitut«d the ute of • r«ry lonf-ha^lKd eye»las», the horror.of «H her friend*. Th» most brazen person oould not vitkiten* raised this aoeUI bato* «*d «axed auietlr for a few neoondj, *droppiQ r the thinr al the end of her inspeot.on and cUdUng th& Kla»8 Into phvje as slw turned aw»y. . GeraW heat low. - ftmtsn f«a»ioa, SownMl^'he? 0 "^^ * him *?"^ " Well, mon ami, what is it ?" she aaked^ umaly. . . . ' ■■ " I hope you will not thlnk'lt Very strange that I come to ask you a quetftioa, Pri»i cess." replied the youeg man. You have (been so kin* to me that I thought >ou would tell me—would help me. In fact." "O« course 1 will If I can." said the Princeßs; "but you young people want such odd things sometimes." Gerald's heart was beating fast at the' neceaity for explaining his feelings about Honora. mUd to be done, but somehow' he wished the old lady anywhere but where she was. Well, it must be gone through with now. The eyeglass was Blowly tra velling up to the Princess's no»e. He cpul«V" not go on if it got there. " Well, you see." he blurted ou.t at lant, " I—l want to marry my cousin Miss De ring, and—T think pofhaps she might con sent to marry me—tout her mother says it's forbidden by your Church, and Honora say* she'll %cc me further—l mean, she won't have anything to say to it if Unit is true so I thought I'd Ju6t. come and ask you. You'd be sure to know a lot more abont it : than Aunt Eva! You don't mind, do you?" The Princess's face was turned away from Gerald, and he was afraid he had attended her. He knew he had put It wrons—<we' was sure to make mifltdke3 with these: foreigners. How could he know that .1 serifs of reflections most unfavourable »«>. his wishes was going through her mind 1 Thought is absurdly rapid. Could Prin cess Vald'oro's thoughts have been tran ecrifoed they would have run thus: Honora iDering—they «ay Oraslo may marry her— Orairto, married, must keep away from my naughty tiresome Olympia—Honora marries Mr. Lowther—Orazio free to compromise Olympia for the next ten years—can't be done. His kind counsellor turned a face full of surprise and regret upon Mr. Gerald Low ther. " Of course it is wrong, my poor friend. Indeed, you must not .think of it. Your, aunt is perfectly right." " But why is it wrong?" persisted Gerald, keeping what he would have called cool . with a great effort. "The King of Spain married hie cousin. . Why la there one law • for him and another for me? She's only' my second cousin after all, God bleßs her!" ' •Princes* Vald'ono found that it was ne cessary to rememrber with great acouracy an event which had not taken place. She would have done more than that to set her. ' daughter free from the toils in wb4oh- Oruto held her; though, to do the old lady; Justice, she only guessed at some slight part of poor, wild Olymp'im'a troubles and dis graces. " Tbe marriage of the King of &pain; hap pened some years ago." she said imprea-' rively. " Since tlten it has been though! advisable to put an end tO/Buch marriage* altogether. You could never obtain the necessary permission." This was quite true, for between I^uiy Bva. Princess Vald'oro, aad Oraalo Gerald would nover have been allowed 'to get at the people who could and would ' tiare smoothed his life for him. Gerald sprang to 4»is feet and choked down a fierce curse, for he was biuerly angered. He .heard the Princess saying that she was very sorry, oh, very ?orry for him, 4bc, &c.;, but he hardly know how he got out of the great vault-room, where a weight of dead traditions N seemed ready to bury, him alive. Once more out in the living atmosphsr* of the street hope came back to him. He waa not willing to beHeve tbra.t the happi ness of which he had had one intoxlatoM [ draught waa to be withdrawn from Mm tor. I igfwr^-ttMi to* im to bs sepwated (renr 1 tfti» lair new-feo»d Hr*e by a bit of a luibblc like that—that many times qutali fiert statement made by Princes VeJld'pro. He all but ran down Alfonso a few yards away from the door. Alfonso forg&ve; him and turned to walk down the Corso with him. not especially to Gerald's oonteni maot. ilia could not talk of the one burn- Ing question in bis heart, and ho wouhl have preferred solitude. Ha hardly \ls". oned to what rnto friend was saying till Honom'fi name came to give a meaning to tho chatter, and he suddenly became in tensely uaxiouß to hear the end of the tssnturtcc. It had begun by their passing Paraeana dawdling down the sh«dy side of the street on his way to the cloii. " J say, Lowther" CAlfoaco pricteJ him self on. his perfect use of English forms), " la it truo that AiiK Oerlng is going to I>a married to -09i, good night. Carlo. "Why haven't you gone to bed yet?" Count Splna had Joined them oo the narrow pavement, where everybody waa crowd luk out of the sunshine ia:o fh* *h&de;, like cattle under a hedge. It was a lime-honoured joke with Cailo's friends i hat he never woke up till other people had finished their linKto. and called 3 o'clock in the moraine;, prfana ser«. Carlo lotsU to he ooasidered a sad dog, and ouly grinned happily, at the tfame time slipping his cna tnrto tout of Alfonso. " You were saying?" taid. Gerald, as soon m the little man had been sorted into place. " Was I?" laughed Alfonso. 'I am sure 1 didn't know it! The sight of Splm *t this hour has put •verythliig else out of my head." " How nice of yen!" purred Carlo.. . " You were speaking ef my cousin, Mi ft Derlng." eald Gerald la his quiet English voice. Alfonso btcame serious at once. "Of course ♦" h* aWA "lisj your pardon, L^wi-wr, foi not timsamg my sen tence. So.nc Jne sai4 last a ght, at tj: Coramboni s, t)»»t she w»s go'ns: to be ma ried to Oraala Porseona. Her mother was there, you see, and—she <*ofs not seem to h«v« contitateteri the statement. Hullo, what is tfee matter V Something like a groan has escaped Ger ald, and the colour waa air gone from his <ace. But he pulled himself together in a moment.' . " Lady Eva would certainly have contra dicted it, had sa* heard it." he said. "It is not true. I tktek the sm is a bit strong for me, Vald'oro, an* I'U get back to my hotel.'.' . .-; •: " take sosxe asdalne," advised Carle. \- and " But • the advtoe was lost, for Gerald had Jussmed iato a eah. and was bela*, carried awsy up a side street. The two men looked after him for a minute; the* Alfonso saM, " Bents as If he did not like it. poor devil! fancy his not know lag ! It is the talk of the town. Come and have a Vermuth, «Carie." "It will he a very good thing for Oraiio to get married." sAM Carlo, shaking his ugly head saajsly. "We all have to come to lr in time, and he—he isn't good for society as a bachelor." " I dare say you think so/ remarked Al fonso dryly. He saver could see why Carlo and Oraslo would- aot let. Olympia ahrne-^ such a temper, and half her hair aot her awn—a horrid sister for a man to have. Blanc*, whom nobody took any notice of, was worth fits of her. " When are they going to marry you, Car lo ?" be asked. " Yeur mother was talking of It years •#»" Oarlo sMvered. " Don't mention disagree able subjects at this time ot day," he sale}, " though it doss servo me right for getting up in the middle of the night; I shall not to it again." Sir Maxwell Lindaunt was the next per ion whom Gerald sMt. He was standing in the Wbby of the* hotel, with his hands la ils pockets, his jolly fact looking very sol- Mna over a big cigar. " Good morning, Lowther," he said ; and hough the cigar left his face, tho solemnity emalned. "I was Just wondering whether you had gone out." Then, in a lower tone, " Would you mind coming Into the smoking room for five minutes, This way then." Gerald followed him, anxious and per plexed. • "What is it, sir" he asked, with kindly deference. He know what was coming, and steeled himself for another shock. " I ought to apologise — down to the ground," began the General. " tor mixing myself up with your affairs, my dear boy- It's a wretched thing for a man to go and do when he has not been asked ; but some body ought to speak, so I suppose I'd bettor. The fact is, Lowther, 1 beard last night from —a person-I met—that they are going to marry that nice little cousin of yours (her father was a capital fellow and such an Eng lishman !) to a twopenny-halfpenny prince nr something of the kind. Do you know anything about it ?" " I cannot imagine how the report arose," replied Gerald. " I assure you there is not a .word of truth in it." " That's good," said the General ; " but— you don't mind my asking you one thing, do ydu ? Why on earth Got* her mother smile and look so pleased when It's spoken of ? I was sitting beside Lady Bva last night at the dullest party I ever was at—for which »he had been kind enough to got me a card —«nd one or two of the dowagers tried to pump her as to when it was to be and alt that sort of thing, and she was as pleased as Punch—Just smiled and looked mysteri ous, and said nothing was settled —yet—in « way that certainly made me believe every thing was settled. What a precious hum bag the woman*mast he ! I beg your par don—l forgot I was speaking of your aunt." " My cousin has never looked at the man," said Gerald. " Aunt Bva must be mad. All the same, I will go and find out what it means, and I am awfully obliged to you, ■ir. for taking the trouble to tell me." " Not at all, not at all," said the old sol dier. " I knew you were interested—as a cousin of course would be—and I hope to Qod you are right, and it's all a confounded lie." The latter part of this sentence was not intended to be heard by Gerald, for he was gone. The sound of the midday, gun had reminded him that Honor would be expect ing him at about this hour, and, though he had no good news to give her, he would have the joy of seeing her tor a few minutes. In his reverence for her sweet maidenhood he hardly dared to let himself think how fair she was. It was: her whole dear self, Honora who Jewed kirn, that he loved and wanted. for hi* own, arid ssaant to have . . ... (To bo nsnllsjaoM. 