Answers to Corres pondents. By 'Gossip.' It Is not always possible to answer communications aider this heading In the Issue following receipt and sometimes several Issues appear betore we ?re able to do so/1 Wilfred Fobsyth. — When an eight year-old like yonrself Bends 5i for Sydney Adams, I begin to realise that the little cripple ie going to do us all a lot of good. Giving is exceedingly helpful to the ones who give. When 1 uaed to give to people, and then found that they were unworthy of it, I used to feel bad ; but 1 don't now, because the giving has done me good. I'm much obliged to you, Wilfred, and when you come to Sydney I hope you will come and Bee me. I'm not there just now ; but neither are you. Maybe we'll both get there together, eh ? Rusticana. — Your letter is interesting and your notes are also. I haven't forgotten yon ; nor am I likely to. I wonder if ever I'll meet you. That coupon competition grows very interesting, and I can see that it takes au immense amount of time to deal with the lists. 1 don't think that 72 wordj have the ghost of a show. Lots of scholarly people are going in for it. We must ask some of our advertisers to offer Beveral prizes for such a competition ; then a lot of people would have a chance. I'm glad that you and bo many others appreciate ' Gossip.' It is very pleasant to have an appreciative audience, and I can feel the effect on myself. If my work is doing you as much good as it is doing me, then lit is bleBsed work indeed. The whole tone of my own life is changing, and I feel myself growing more patient and tolerant all the time. I marvel at the patient hopefnlnei.8 of some people. The grit of our race iB marvellous. Did you see that poem on ' organisation,' by W. K. Fleming, in a recent issue of the 'Journal'? That strikes the note ! I want the producers to fall into line with that idea, and in spice or droughts better days will come. Thanks for your kindly letter. Marguerite — Thanks. Til try and read that ' Ideal Life.' But there isn|t reading time for me at present. Still ii's worth trying, if only to come into closer touch with a friendly reader. W.G.B. — Voting by post was not voted on at all this year. Carcoar brought up a resolution to take a referendum of all etnek ownera in regard to voting by post. That was defeated ; many of the friends of voting by post being against that. The real question was to have come up afterwards ; but it didn't, till it was too late to discuss it. But the lounl government idoi takes its place — includes it., 'naturally. As far as my j views are concerned, I'm just w.r.ning up j to the fight. V.jii g by poBt w;ib only a means to an end. LoU of people seemed to think that I took if up for an end. My uim is the organisation of the men on the land, j We're getting along at that famously. You j would think 10 hear me talk that I was | about '22 years old— and bo I am, reilly. | I think myself as part of the race. When my troubles aro over, and tlie aim has ceased to Bhine on me, the fight will sti 1 yo on. I often sin:; — i ' For men must work, and women must weep ; But the soonor it's over, the sooner to slcp' Yet there is no bitterness, no sorrow, in that view of life to me. Poroifo.— It was rather nice to be able to declare a 5 por cent, dividend on the Stock Journal Newspaper Company, Ltd. That's nothing to what I expect. But it isn't 5s a eharo, you eweot innocent, you ! It's Is in the £, so you're left, as you have only one Bhare ! There's an awful lot of peoplo with from one to five shares, and that's what we want. Wo've sent yon Tietyn's ' Impounding Act,' and your dividend won't pay for it. I'm glad you lilto the ' Woolly Festival.' AU we wanted to mako of it was a handy record of the proceedings of the Woolly Festival, and it ie that. I'm aorry I won't be at your show, but I'll be with you in spirit, and if ' Merrigang' is there he'll give a better report of it than I could. Keep a stiff upper lip. G.G. (Woollahra).— We had a good trip, and are fairly settled now. It's a heap colder than we had expectod. Hope you and H. aro having a good time. A.H.H. — Glad you got the knife. I had one of those patont knives that shuts and opens with a spring, and it's as handy as a pocket in a shirt. Baker has run out of them, but I hope he'll get some more soon. I broke the blade of mine, fooling with a young lady's bicycle. Pen-knives were never made to repair bikes. I expect that 3a is all right. So long an you've had 2*65, and hope for more, there's reason for rejoioing. I'm not going to try apd dis entangle you by initials. I'm coning out Bomo day. Bob.— I'm glad you're satisfied with my verdict. It's ungracious work, as a rule, to read peopVa work and oriticise it adversely, but I felt as if I knew you. Your list of words is too low. My estimate of 200 words was made from pa*t experience, and I don't think it will be as far away as yours. I think 200 will be nearer than 120. We'll see, when the numbers are up ! I referred to voting by post a little while ago. Maybe it was yonr letter I read that reference in ; bat you'll see it in this column. Scribners' bad just arrived. J.B.W.— All right. I'm not worrying a bit. Now that we've had rain I'm as fnll of hope as an egg's fall of meat. W.N.P.— Your letter fills me up with the deiire to talk. Why should bullocks, and ticks, and drought be more in your lire than astronomy ? You have read and thought and discovered how little the wisest men know, and it leerrn to me that yon ought to think. When a man givei himself np, body and soul, to stock and money, and the things that perish, he is a fool ! There was one of old who said, ' If I have made gold my hope, or have said to fine gold : 1 Thou art my confidence ' ; if I have re joiced because my wealth was great, and because mine hand had gotten much . . . this were an iniquity to lie punished by the judge : for I should have desired the God that is above.' It's a bit old- fashioned to quote the Bible, I know ; but it expresses a lot of my views, bo I choose to be old fashioned. When a man leaves the large questions of life and death and being tor matters of ticks and droughts he has choBen the part of the ant instead of the eagle. You state the ' scientist ' as being the one who denies God and ill-uses truth ; but I think you are blaming a clas* for what you think they think. We all of us have much need for forgiveness— even the wisest, for they are the ones who best know their own ignorance. I'll be glad to hear from you at any time. A.W.M. — Glad to have your information re show dates, which shall be included on our list. May your carnival turn out a big success. 