HOW SOME BILLIARD HANDI CAP SWINDLES ARE WORKED. Aiiovt this tiino of tho year many bil liard saloons havo handicaps in which tho prizes (composed principally of tho entry money of competitors) frequently total up to a substantial sum. Although these prizes invariably take tho form of cosh, tho participants may bo amateurs to a man, in which caso tho winner vin dicates his unprofessional status by a promiao, often forgotten as soon as nmdc, to expond tho money in tho purchaso of sarao stipulated urticlc. To a tolerably good cuoist, hampered with no particular regard for honosty, and skilled in the art popularly kuown as kidding,' theso contests aro looked for ward to as an almost certain means of pocketing considerable sums, _ and tho writer has every reason to boliovo that this form of 'sharping' has of lato years developed into a business. Should tho sharp ontcr a competition as a stranger, ho will not bo given tho ghost of a ehanco of effecting his object, while if his truo form is known his chances will ho little, if any, improved. His modus oporandi, therefore, is carried out on a very different tack. A week or two before tho handicaps aro likely to bo framed ho frequents a fow Baloons where ho is unknown, nnd loses to tho worst players luck puts in his way, tirno nftor time, with surprising pcrsoverance. Many shillings leavo his pockets in liquidation of ' hundreds up1 ; but well ho knows he is giving himsolf an excellent chance of realising fifty-fold. Tho probable sequel is that, when tho ' weights ' appear for tho vaarious tourna ments, tho sharp finds himself the recipient of points which virtually placo a few prizes at his mercy, allowing that ho has the good fortune to steer clear of brother rogues. Indeed, his chief anx iety will not be annexation of a prize, but tho fear that in capturing it too easily ho may invito exposure nnd disqualifica tion. Tho proprietor of a Metropolitan Bil liard Saloon can tell a pretty talo of ona scheming customor. A crowd of over 250 persons entered for his lust Christ mas handicap, and as each paid somo 5s. entrance money, there was somo £60, plus a £20 note given by the proprietor, available for prizes. Largo as tho num ber of competitors was, however,, a player had only to win soven ties con secutively to lift the handsoino sum of £50. A fortnight before tho issue of the individual handicaps a stranger mode the saloon his nightly rendezvous sparing no pains to illustrate that he was a tyro imbued with tho fond ambition to per- petrato a ten break, and absurdly happy when he performed the feat. So admirably did he dissemble that he found himself handicapped alongside the great est duffers at tho game. He won his first throe ties without occasioning anything but mild surprise. In tho fourth, however, ho caused some excitement by beating the favourito, who i. --""-d ho hod the greenest tryo to I'.Kk'i . The ?''' . throw down the i ii 1 with his own 'mUrat of blithing the pivfeminS «-i' ' iterious, nwkward- t_„ pi.iyii,; !! Despite his most despo»a:s, ei. ' - ' ver, ho could never gst in front of his opponent, who kept ucoring in u haphazard way, which nothing but the most signal good luck could account for. The ' shurp ' survived tho other two hurdles without raising anything but admiration for iiis surpris ing pluck and reached tho final, which was drawn to bo played a week later on. Next morning finding tho saloon ( empty, the ' sharp ' took up a cue and i»»>, o-eci'ting somo marvellous ennnons vuti- gr. -o when the proprietor . «ito«. qkietlv in. shrewdly suspected fiui! ..!u.y he kept iMiiughts to himself. „!) m, s ' A : >' the final was a ;.< pr.iii. i : iji'1 .., 'alao on the limit \- Kiits man tho saloon keeper determined should boat tho other. Hastily confiding in this gentleman it was arranged that ho should train his very hardest dnring tho next six days under tho direction of a distinguisded professional. At tho cud of that time there followed a gamo not likely to be forgotten by those who witnessed it. Conscious of tho immonsa advantage tho handicap had given him, tho sharp allowed his opponent a good deal of ropo, and not until tho last hundred bud been entered upon did ho lay himself seriously out to overhaul him. To his surpriso and no littlo anxiety tho other answered gamely and kept ahead. In vaiu did he throw asido his musk and i cveal his truo form in magnificent cushion work. He failed by lialf-u-dozcn points to draw level with his determined opponent, whose victory was chccrcd with a vigour seldom exercised in tho billiard room. 