GLAOIC jack OF willard's ghase. AT,& KKHITS .RESERVED. WiUard'a Chase, part of tho New Forest-, Which ut one (irnc embraced half Dorset, Hampshire, ami Wiltshire, is full of hills, which towards Dorsetshire, turns to bare downs, with hero and thcro a beech of clump trees and dwarf onks on a knoll, and a sun ken lino that indicates an ancient British pathway or an old Koiuau road leading to the coast.' Up a low grassy track, called iu Wiltshire, I4 ojdrivt'B," and round a shoulder of tho rolling down where three lines of grassy ratn- nart showed that a Roman camp had onco Btood there, upon a September evening a few Years ago, a young fellow wended his way slowly and thoughtfully, and in a deep reverie. A sturdy keeper— the wanderer— - had his guu on his shoulder and his dog at Ilia heels. Ho was a iino well-built young son of Britain of about two or three and twenty, his face shrewd and defiant, his step firm aud light. His brown velvet ehoetiag jacket was worn almost white on tho- right shoulder, whilst tho gray felt bat he bad thrust rathor jauntily on one side of liis head, boro traces of hard service in many a storm. Thcru was a peculiar half- smile on his face that evening — an expectant kind of glance, us ho scanned the woodlands and copses scattered here and there below him. Suddenly a little figure tan .round a ring of Druidical stones, and waved a handker chief. The young man started and held up ins gun. and then like a doer bounding down into tho hollow was met at its base by a laughing rosy cheeked girl. X-'air-hairud and blue-eyed, the young maiden betrayed no nign of id arm as the sturdy handsome young keeper caught her in liis arms. " You are Into, Harry for sure," she ox- exclaimed, in reply to-a dozen kisses bes towed on her pretty lips as-red as cherries. " A nice gallant lover ! 1 m ashamed or you, sir! X ventured on tho way and yet you've only just eomo np. Thought you'd have met me in the deep hollow copse. J bid behind the witches' oak.thinking to jnrap out upon you liko a ghost!" " A very substantial ghost, Hetty. Would make a ghost many a fellow would give-some- tliimr ft lin Itnnnffl/J hv_ F awwwv" More kisses hero followed, which extorted au ejaculation of " Do-a-dono. Harry." " Hay. Hetty," at length exclaimed the ardent iovor in a serious tone, " have you lirard there was another buck killed last uigiit by t.ho River Oak ?" "But that was not your walk last night, Harry." " .No ; you remembnr I told you old Teddy Tillies would exchange with me. It's that ruliian, Black .lack, again. I owe him a debt, and would give a year's wages to have in.v lingers laced about his throat. I'd strangle him and save thc hangman- trouble later on." ' Oh, 1-Iarry, don't! Pray don't look- like that. You look— you look— downright- ugly, there I" " X can't help if, dear, X get-so savage when I think of that villain's crime a year ago. When killing his victim ho got off by a too icnicnt sentence of manslaughter. Sow, listen to mo, Hetty." Tho young fellow, taking tho pretty little dimpled hands of his cninpunion within his own.herc-sat-her down besido him on the grass. " Yon put me in mind-now, Harry,- of tho judge nt tho 'Sizes. Whatever is tho matter V Oh, 1 do feel so frightened, euro 1" exclaimed the girl, laughing loudly, showing a Bet of teeth that glistened like -.pearls in her ruby little rosebud mouth. "Don't laugh, Hetty, dear, fori want to talk seriously to you," said her lover, as-still holding her hands firmly clasped within his own, lie looked fondly into her bright blue eyes. " X ow tell me, dearest, did you men tion to unyono that 1 and Teddy Jakes are going to change walks H Tho poachers and dccrstcalcrs havo heard of it, aud they can do what they liko wilh Jakes when thoy once got him to the Pyed Bull ; you know what a drunkard ho is: yon know how ho drinks." " Am X on my oath — really to toll you tho honest tiutli, and nothing but the tenth V" cried tile laughing girl, as she -shook her lover's hand up and down, " You must tell mo tho truth — yes,, llulty." " And you won't be cross or angry V" " How could X be with you, darling ?" "Well, then, X did tell about tho -walks being changed, hnt 1 can't tell you who that party was i mentioned it to." " Bur, I must know who was your confi dant, HoLly; X can do nothing without the information." ' Well, it wasn't a dcer-stealer, Harry, and it wasn't Black Jack." "Don't suppose it was, pet; but seriously, it is uo laughing matter to me. Xf this tiling goes on X shall lose my character with I,ord Rivers, so yon must he explicit with me, my dear girl, for X must get a clue to theso Vagabonds." " Must I tell you, Harry?" There was a sorrowful, regretful tone in the voice of tho muiden now. " If you love me, Iletty, yon will tell me the truth." " And you won't be cross with uio?" ''Cross with you, pet? — no. X am con vinced it was tho knowledge of the change lost us that buck last night. Tell mo at once who yon mentioned it to." " Can't you guess, Harry, dear?" " I've not. tho faintest idea, Hotly." "Well, it wns to my brother Luke," said till! girl, all the mirth dying out of her face now. " Your brother!" gasped her lover, hiB hand shaking so tliat he almost dropped his gun. "Tho Pyed Bull is lmko's favourite hunt, and 'tis there the poaching gaug meet I've long suspected." " Yes, and my brother, the samo ns Jakes, is ever craving for drink, Hany; aud I 3up. poso lie let out what X told him "when ho wus intoxicated." " Without a doubt, Hetty!. I'oor Luke! scarce more than a boy, his love of liquor will he his ruin; ills case is worso than Jakes, as tho latter iB an old inan. However, this will bo a caution t.o you, darling, not to roposo confidence in your brother again. When thu wino's iu the wit's out,' and this holds good with strong ales. And now I'll tell you another secret, dear one,"— with a hurried Uius tho young man moved to go — " Toddy Jakes and I do not change to-night; we havo ordei-B from tho ranger to retain oar usual posts. So if the poachers aro up to my more mischief, they'll come to grief. Mind, Hetty, not a word, ovim to tlio very uir. Good-bye, my sweet pet, 1 wish I could . go back with you, hut I cannot." "And is this the way you aro going to leave ma ?" pouted tho young beauty. " It iH almost a matter of life aud death, Hetty, and if you love mo you wouldn't wish to keep me. I shall see or hear of tho dcer- Uealcro at tho Pyed Bull, and shall then know what to do." " Oh, do not go after them, Harry. Blaok Jack will kill you; ho fears nothing." " No moro do I, Hetty, there. Good-bye, lovo; don't, cry, don't bo foolish 1" he cx- tlaimftf, as he now glaqpcil lior in his arias; ' " I'm on tlio track of the gang, bow. Wish mo success, dear girl." " I do, Harry, X do; but, oil ! 1 liayo an awfnl feeling of something terrible about to happen." And now, as tho yoniig keeper bouudod away, Hetty sani: down upou tlio grass, weeping and sobbing in a very par oxysm of grief and alarm. A sharp run nomas the downs meanwhile, soon Xirought the young keener to a hilly spot that commanded a good view around and a clear sight of the inn, tho Pyed Bull, known by woodmen many a mile nwny. Standing on the summit of tho hill, his eyes bright und keen, Harry discerned four men congregated at tho door of tho inn, all of whom were pointing across the road to a high field near a wood on the opposite side. A few minutes after the astute and deter mined keeper had reached the little village public house, and making liis way into tho bar as lie had suspected, found seated with some half-dozen loafers, his fellow keeper,' the old man, Teddy Jakes, who, half drunk, was shouting out the scraps of a hunting song. By the fire, with his back to tlio door, sat a stalwart lad. Hetty's reprobate brot her, in closo confabulation witii a short, red, boarded man, a well-known comrade of tlio noted desperado and poacher Jack Ingle- dew, or Black Jack, as he was called. " Why, blessed if Harry Dudley ain't jined us," cried tho inebriated Jakes, who, staggering forwards, clapped liis companion on the back, exclaiming, in thick, guttural accents: " We've had the ranger here, Harry, boy, swearing abunt tbat buck that was- killed yesterday. X did'nt leboutas.it war Blaok Jack's doings, though; Jack always squares it with me, Harry, and so he will with you." " I'll square with him, Jakes, by putting him in allele ho won't get out of in a hurry!" muttered tho young keeper, wilh frowiiiog brow. " Don'teo meddle with 'un, Harry; lie's a dead shot, trad ho's sworn He'll kill the first inan who lays hands on him. He said it of you lad, not half an lionr ago in this very bar." " Ha! .von'vo-had the ruffian here, then, as I suspected, and he's now away in Audlcy Woods, but I'll havo iiim !" cried the young keeper, as with ilusb- ngxycs he made for the deor. The liaif'drunkcn crowd, along with the affrighted Jakes, now endeavoured to keep the excited vounu man back. bat. shaking? tlicm off, Harry Dudley was out- at tho door, down the road, and flying towards the adja cent- woods iu a moment of time. This place, Autiloy Woods and Walk, was a favourite haunt of the deer, being full of coverts and lurking places, aud full of leafy holly, the deer's l'avom'its food. Tho scattered woodlands and copses abounded in hazel and young bnech, and the i'ern grew thicker on tho slopes arid round Hie hedgerows than in otlicrparts of tho deep woods. Gaining, after half-an-liour's sharp walk ing, some high ground, Harry, casting his eye towards an hedgerow, perceived two -men walking slowly by the nido of it, one. us far -as ho could distinguish at sucli a disatnee, carrying u gun. With oomprssoed lips aud knitted brow dlie onragad young keeperstood for a moment- glaring at the two poachers, and then without further-hesitation darted off in pursuit of them. Pa3t six o clock there was only a dim, shadowy light in tho woods, and it was with some difficulty Harry kept tho two figure in sight, to hiB chagrin the poachers pre sently both disappearing through a gap in a tali, thick hedge. ' Itigbt ahead he now nnhesitatingly-rusked, and in a few moments was in tho gap, and brnshing away the hazels, to his amaze, almost butted against a man who was quietly standing smoking-a pipo, witii his hands iu his pooketo. The tlirewil young keeper fancied ho could detect the device. Tho fellow so unconcernedly smoking liis pipo was screening and covering his mate ou ahead, and that, other man, Harry ictuitirsly felt, was the ruffian iio wanted — the dcer- stealer who had sworn to take his life— the puiichor, Black Jack 1 Tho daring young hooper resolved inunc- dinciy unon his course. There was a creat prize to win, whatever the risk might be. Brushing past tiio fellow with tho pipe (who grumbled something Bullcniy), Harry i-urnud on. IVcsonlly, after gaining a sort or stubble field, he could discern nothing of the man with the gun, but dashing ou reck lessly now, for his blood was up, lie caught sight at last of someone creeping along under a hedge about fifty yards ahead, A loud mocking laugli now woke up the stillness of tho scene, and in another moment tlio creeping figure had started up. A giant of a man over six feet, with volu minous black beard aud whiskers shrouding his mahogany-tinted visage, menacingly eon- fiontc.il tlie gamekeeper, a guu pointed directly at- his head. With a thrill Hiutv Dudley, as the deadly tube was presented at him, raised liis own rille to his shoulder, but, before ho cooid take aim at his deadly foe, a sharp crack was fol- lowed liy n whistling ping otcr his head, a streak us of flume passing across ids scalp, whilst his felt hat whirled awity Hire u wisp of straw. .Staggering back with till- idea that ho was mortally hit, the young keeper was saved from a second discharge b.v tumbling into a small hollow. Again now that mocking, jeering laugh rang in tlio air, and then as Harry rose partly on liis feet, muscular arras wound around bin chest with the strength and hug of a grizzly bear. Having made tire discovery a second of time before that tho bullet of the murderous puncher had only graed his seal p, lie now pre parer! in wild, fierce rage for a struggle to tho death with his enemy. Not a word was spoken by.tho-infuriatsd antagonist.". Tho stalwart young keeper know that lie had to light for it or liis hour liad come, and in rag-i and desperation he struggled in tile, embrace of thu blnodthitaty poacher, tlio renowned nnd merciless Black Jack. A practised wrestler, Harry held his own until his brutal and ferocious antagonist with Ids heavy-tipped bouts kicked at his legs, slashing thu flesh at overy lunge as though it had been cut with a reaping hook. Nut content with this barbarous feat, as both eomo to tho ground, the deer-slayer, with a savage howl, fixed his teeth liko a bull- dug into t-he neck of liis adversary- Sick and faint from loss of blood and tlio lierca struggle, Harry ltad nearly lost all con sciousness, us locked in the other's mad em brace, he presently fell with him into a deep, dark rent or hole in the earth. Giady and bruised, released from tho deadly grip of his inad foe, Harry remained for some minutes with the same sort of feeling one has upon awakening from a bad dream. The first tiling that roused him to his full senses was tho strango qnietnde of his fierce companion. And now, us lie pushed away from his breast ono of thoso murderous huge hands that had gripped hiin so tenaciously shortly before, ho started up with a cry of horror. Tho hand ho thrust nwayhad felt very, cold to his touch. Had feit like a hand of tho dead. Thcro as only a faint pale light in the well- liko cavity, and, stooping down qnito close to tho doubled up heap besido him, Hurry perieived in a moment that he was oluno with death. Lying in a bent position, his face a gliasl ly blue and parplc, Black Juck, tile desperado and poacher, lind been Htriekon suddenly out of life. HiB men was rnn ; his murderous attack upon tho young gamekeeper bis last or! me. Balling underneath the bodyof Ills youth ful antagonist, Black Jack had broken his neok— lmd gone to his account with all his | sins upon his head and in thomttempt-.to ! commit another deed of blood. I . tT.he Knd.) 