? Happiness" is" like » kitten's tail-—bard *» catch; but tSereVpIenty OT' fan lit' v chasing it • : Tommy: "Pa, what is a pessimist?" 3Ir Wigg: "Heis a manwho of two evils prefers both." Tbm; "What are the relations between yon and Miss Cavendish?" Jack {gloom-: «.y>: "Her father and her mother." . He <cautiously): " wnat would yousay, darling, if I should ask you to lie 'my -wife?" Darling': "Ask me and- find out-" Constance: "What lovely embroidery! And do you also, paint?" Violet: "No, dear, I often envy you that accomplisti- • aent" Biggs; "Is that 20r Cobb's wife with Jum on . the tandem?'-' His Friend: "Certainly. Can't 3^>u see she is doing ail the "WHt." .. "Less than a year ago," she mused,- "'he said he would lay down his life ;for bk, and now he won't even put up the •window blinds:" ""Itis- well to leave something for those uho eome after us," as a man said -who threw a barrel in the way of a constable •who was chasing him. He: "We cannot sit on this bfench. It 5s freshlypainted.""' She: "If you were really in love, as you say you are, you -sremld. never have noticed the paint/'. i*rofessor (to his wife): "I never know Stow to take you, AmeliS.. ' Two years ago you were dying for that hat, and now I've bought it you don't like It at all!" **I wonder," said the superficial student, *'why so many women fail to marry?". "I 3iaven't asked them," answered the young man who carries A pocket mirror. 3Ir Sappy: "Smart? Why, she has bwains enough • for two, Miss Mawy.'" -She: "Has she? Then she is just the girl you ought to marry, Sir Sappy." "Why do you pay visits in the morning?" "Why, all the other women are 3»usy in their houses, and it is so funny -to see them try to appear glad to see me." . "I cannot understand ze language,." said the despairing Frenchman. "I learn low to pronounce ze word 'hydrophobia,' -and zen I learn zat ze doctors sometimes pronounce it fatal!" Ikey: "Please, farder.'give me a penny for icecream, I am so hot." Father: "Ikey, niein ghon, dat is a vaist of money. I vill tell you a fine ghost shtory dat vill anake your blood run cold." "A horse ran away. with my brother yesterday, and he'U be laid up for two months." "Yes? Well, I know a fellow "who ran away with a horse yesterday, -end he'll be laid up for two years." Her Mother: "I think that Mabel has a slight leaning towards this young Mr Smith." Her Father: "Slight? Great Scott, woman, you ought to have seen t them on the front doorstep last night!" Young Lady: "How much?" Telegraph Clerk: "Sixpence." "For that one word?" "Yes. Same charge fof twelve words, or less. Tou can repeat the 'Yes' six times ST you wish." "Cm-no that wouldn't -look well. It is an answer to a proposal marriage." Young Husband: What is it, darling ? Do you want some money? Young "Wife: Yes; but I won't take any from yoo, dear, because you told me "you hadn't much at the bank. If you'll •write five pounds on one of those little Pieces of pink paper, m take it to the batcher and get the money. He can afford it better than you, dearest. TEhfi other day a lady went into a shop asked if they sold a. cure for corns. The young man said no, but he could Sive a recipe his mother often told him of, and he said, "Get some cheese and Toast it,rub it on the corns, and if there are any mice in the room they will come and nibble them -off." 