. 880MET8 OF LONG MFB, In the 'Windsor Magazine^' Mr. Frofl. M'Kennie gives the viws of many fam ous men and women on the secret of lens1 life 'The old superstition thnt members of tha Royal Family lend live*} of luxurious easa is,' ho miys, ' now almost tkad. But no ono who knows anything of the administration of the British Army could ever entertain the ghost of kueh a notion about His ltoyal Highness the 'Duke of Cambridge. Civilians can hardly real ise the way in which, a« Commanderin chief, he permeated the whole British Army with his spirit of thoroughness, his hatred of favoritism, hifj contempt for the 'feather-bed' soldier, whatever the rank of that 'feather- bed' soldier might be. His greatest monument remains in the contrast between the. British Army immediately after the Crimean war, and tho army when he resigned his Com mandershjp-in-Chief in the autumn of 189u. , To-day, though but a few months off 80 years old, His Royal High ness still takes a very active puvt in life, as every newspaper render knows. How has he kept his strength so long! Do pavting from the unwritten tradition which cauiies members of the Royal Family, as a rule, to refrain i'rom taking part in symposia, His Royal Highness has honored me with the following mes sage, through his Bon, Colonel FHj; George: — Ho ascribes his longevity to a good constitution, active life, and plenty oi occupation and work.' The Archbishop of Canterbury i« practical and to the point. lit? says : --- '' I do not find the burden of life heavy, I have observed no particular rule about food, etc., except not to eat or drink what I found disagree with me, I havo little doubt total abstinence from intoxi cating liquors conduces to longevity. I know nothing for or against the use oi' tobacco, except that it is an aimoynwe to those who do not smoke. I cannot tell what has led to my having lived to nearly 77.' Not the least interesting is the ex perience of Lord Farrer, our great poli tical economist, who is now in his eighti eth year. Writing from Abinger-hall, he says: — 'As one originally far from strong, who has out-lived many of Ids much stronger contemporaries, I do not hesitate to give you the following short and necessarily incomplete replies to your questions. Whether great length of years is desirable is a question on whioh I express no general opini.,:i. It seems to me that the world grows kinder to one as one grows older. The burden of life does not, so far as I can judge, become increasingly heavy after the throe score and ten to one who is willing to submit to the limitations which voars bring with them, to relax effort and cur tail indulgence in proportion to- his di minishing strength and capacity, and to regard with satisfaction others doing what ho is no longer Jit to do. As ro gards your further questions, I ha?o been early and regular in my habits, but with no particular rules. Speaking generally, it seems to me that the conditions which promote the continuance of health and strength are: — Plenty and variety of souncl occupations and interests, pur sued with keenness, but not in excess ; moderation, not abstinence, in eating and drinking, in energy and enjoyment, in work and play. 1 may add wii.hout; trespassing on deeper matters, of which this is not the place to speak, that ab sence of personal worry and kindly atti tude towards others are influential fac tors in preserving health of mind and body.' Thirteen billion tons of coal hnve been mined during the nineteenth cen tury. It is computed tho death-rate of the world is G7, and the birth-rate 70 a minute, and this seeming light percent age of gain is sufficient to give a net iu crease in population each veur of 1,200,000 souk Electric magnets capable of picking1 up a load not exceeding h'vo tons, are used by one of the great steel companies to transfer steel beams or plates from one part of the shop to another, 