The Early Closing Bill. MR LVNE'S Early Closing Bill was intrödüfced, din the Assembly last week. Its 'ma¡n^pr0vÍBÍdnsí^íy be briefly summed. Shops are divided inr three classes. The first, consisting bf chemists' drag gists', hairdressers', tobacconists'.. and t pawn brokers', shops, close at '730 o'clock, on *wéek nights, but on éithèr Friday or :iSatûrday i>r:ko o'clock. The second, consisting Of; restsuraqts, refreshment shops;, eating bouses, ehopsi foj^e sale of fish, oysters, fruit, vegetables, #6wer3,{cpn fectionery. and newspapers, hotels .tina '-wine shops, and undertakers!'"shops,'¿hSeá rriot close before 11 o'clock each" week night..rAil other shops are to shut at 6 o'clock, except op one ^y, when it shall be 1 o!çlock p m, andon "another day, Saturday, when it may be io .b'clbck, f But no shop assistant in the first section is'to wbfrk more than 60 hours per week. While, the;bill immediately applies to Sydney; and Newcastle,.it may be brought into operation in any municipal ity by petition from the Council, thereof, or in unincorporated area on petition from 51 atfiïlt résidents. In thèse country places a poll i* in decide which day is to be the weekly half-ho)iri <v and which the long day. The administration nf the Act is placed in the' hands of thé police or such oth?r persons as may be'appointed fain chers and milk vendors are to give ' their carters a half holiday weekly, while bakers are io próvido fur their carters one whole day, per month. "Ov«*r. time to the extent of three hours is* to.-be per mitted for one week in each Quarter." on iappltca lion to and sanction by the Minister . Penalties, being fines, are provided for breaches of-the Act, to be recovered by summary process at Petty Sessions, with right of appeal. Consternation has been paused amongst some of the miners at .the Blayney copper mine by the visitation of a ghost in one of the shafts. The men hear, strange noises, hells ringing, sighing, groaning, etc. The miners going below have tbfiir ?candles extinguished by a su per natu rat visitor, and some of them alleged thal something brushed past. them. Six men have left the mine owing to the terror Uu$ ' gt&st; bas inspired 