Old Favorites. SEPTEMBER IN AUSTRALIA. Grey Winter hath gone, like a wearisome guest, And, behold, for repayment, September comes in with tho wind of tho West And tho Spring in her raiment t The ways of tho frost havo been filled of the flowers. While the forest discovers Wild wings, with the halo of hyaline hours, And a music of lovers. September, tbo maid with tho swift, alitor fcotl .. Sho glides, and shgraces ThevjiUcys of coolnsss, tho slopes of tho heat, With her blossomy graces; Sweet month, wiib,a-rftouth that Is mado of a mt — She lightens and lingers / In spots whero tho harp of tho evening glows, Attuned by hor fingers. Tho stream from Its homo in tbo hollow hill slips In a darling old fashion ; And tho day gooth down with a song on its lips ' Whoso kcy-inoto is passion ; Far out in tho florae, bitter front of tbo I stand, and romemhor Dead things that wore brothers and sisters of (lico, Resplendent September. Tbo West, whon It blows at the fall of the And bents on tho hooches, So filled with a toncor and tremulous tuno That touches and teaches ; Tbo stories of Youth, of the burden of Time, And tho death of Devotion, Como back with tbo wind, and aro tboraes of the rhymo In the waves of the ocean. Wo, having a seorot to others unknown, in tho cool mountain-mosses, May whisper together, September, alono Of our loves and our losses. One word for her beauty, and one for tho place, She gavo to the hours ; And then wo may kiss her and suffer hor face To sleep with tho flowers. High places that knew of tho gold and tho white On tho forehead of Morning Now darken nnd quake, and tho steps of tho Night Are heavy with warning t Her voloo in tho distnnco is lofty and loud Through Its coholng gorges; She hath hidden hor oyos in a mantle of .oloud, And hor foot in the surges I On tbo tops, of the hills, on the turreted oones— Chief temples of thunder — Tho gale, like a ghost, in tho middle watch > moans, Gliding ovor and under, Tho sea, flying white through tho rack and tho ruin, . Lcapetb wild at tho forelands ; And the plover wboaocry Is liko passion with pain, Complains In tho moorlauds. Oh, season of changes— of shadow and shine— September the splendid t , My song hath no mnsio to mingle with thlno, And its burdon is onded ; But thou being born of tho winds and the sun, By mountain, by river, May lighten and listen, and loiter and run, With thy voices tor ever. — Henry Kendall. 