THE TESTii^O^Y 0F ESTHER SANDYS. (AM. RIGHTS BSSBRYBD.] CHAPTER XVIII. BY ROMA WHITE. tarty Sandys had been from home for a day or two; and when she returned, she wondered why the servants looked so strange. " She was lold iliat Mr. Leicester awaited her in the library; and she wont to him at once. " Well," stud nhe. pleasantly, entering the room, " is itsomo business br my nephew's?" Mr. lioicester did not answer. He turned away from her, and made a few steps annus the room and back again. Then he glanced al her in dumb pleading. A keen questioning look had sprang into her ilark oycs. Hlio seated herself quietly in an arm-chair, -'-nil nmtioned him to another. Then she folded hur hands upon her knee, nnd straightened her back. She perceived that ill-news n-wailcd her, and she remembered immediately that site was a Sandys. Do not break it to me," she said, composedly. " Tell me at once." " It is terrible news, Lady Sandys." " Mot too terrible for me to bear, Mr. Leicester." She hod become slightly imperious, and he perceived that she would brook neither soft- ^linj. mirf[pl;fvnf hjff intelligence. He bent "liimedfa little over a table, then turned BDQ looked ut ber. "Lady Sandys, yoor nephew, Mr.Fitc-Roy, ban been killed." The face opposite him blanched, but the voice which answered was steady. •* That is not all, Mr. Leicester." " No, ho has been—murdered." Lady Sandys moved slightly in her chair, * ^jd wrung her hands. Tben, still fixing ber r. keen undismayed glance npon the lawyer,she [ she said again. . " That iB not yet all, Mr, Leicester." " No, Mr. Humphrey SandyB has been arrested on a charge of being concerned in Vis death." Lady Sandys dropped her face for a momenl upon her. bands, and silence fell over Jio library. When she lifted her face again ft was bloodless, but her voice remained _rrn and composed. j " Lei. me hear all," she said, briefly. Mr. Leicester told. He laid the story be- 'irn tier in all its length of bald trivial facta; *nd, as lie reviewed tbe case, she followed its 'neidents closely. She had herself enter- -mined the two men at loncbeon only the Saturday before, leaving Harst Hall before they did. They had set off humewartiB about half-past five, walking swiftly through the p.-itk, where the clear golden light and the slender shadows fell across (he turf. Their servant followed them, laden with the game. At the lodge gates Fitztloy had handed this servant his gun, to be taken home, with the birds, by the road; while he and hie cousin turned their faces to the fresher mourn. Humphrey carried his own gun, "iii'l they set off, unaccompanied by any ^ther person, in the direction of Heath Edge. ivbiB was the last time that Mr. Fiultoy fiaii been seen alive. Lady Sandys said nothing when Mr. Leicester trnmulouBly remarked tbis ooiut; but ber hand went instinctively to lier heart. At half-past eight Humphrey was seen ot the 41 rush-berring," -hiuc. When tbis fact, bad been dieted the '-roller exprcbsed a wlBh to call Mr. Sandys' iwier, to ascertain whether bis master had 4it-t.cd licvistou l'riury in the interval. Lewis hail been fetched, and bad broken down completely under examination, finally falling into a aoat and weeping like a child js lie confessed hiB suspicions of his maBter, and Mis efforts to save him. Tbe evidence of Jhe surgeon who made an examination of tbe body and'of the man who had first fallowed Leo into the ruined cottage, supplied the final circumstances, and riveted the last links of I he haiti. Mr. Leicester spoke hurriedly, blunderingly, tumbling ovor bis words, and feeling, for tlm iiisi. tune in his life, the impossibility of poetising politeness. Such expressions as be was oompelled to use did not lend tbemsclvrs readily lo courtesy. As he finished speaking he was conscious of a vague impression that, nflcr oil, the English language was brutal. K,ady Sandys heard bim to tbe end in M^eneo. Uci face paled, and her lips ua consciously tightened. Once she put up her nr&nd; and straightened tbe lace of ber cap tappet. It seemed a piteous assertion of -jecornm and dignity in the face of humiliation. " Von have told me all I" '* TCB, 1 have told your ladyship all. I would have given five yean of my life to have •werted t his blow." Tiie lawyer spoke tremulously, but felt relieved when he had so expressed himself. The coroeBt speech brought him into a kindlier relationship with hla temporary office, *?hicli hitherto he bad felt only as an outrage. Lady Sandys asked him one or two further 4ueslions. She had neither frinted, nor complained, nor cried out; but her face bad bocomo older. Withal, she bad assumed some Bemblance of pride, whioh aspect she faithfully endeavoured to diffuse over ber countenance, that neither eye nor lip might tarn traitor to her pedigree. " Does Mrs. Sandys know?*' *' Not yet" " She most be told." " Yes, Lady Sandys. I thought—** " You thought I would do it. Ton were right, I am tbe proper person. I will go to ber immediately." She rose from ber chair, resting ber band upon tbe back for a moment for support. But she still thought and spoke clearly. " I most arrange to remain with her—that will mean d little packing. Mr. Leicester, have yon dinodf" " I have bad all I require, thank yon." " Ton must have some wine. And your coach man—I will see that be has something. I shall be ready in a few minntea." She left the room, and he spent the intervening time in renewed pacings, and silent irritated denunications of tbe cawing rooks outside,. Now and then he drew out his note-book,; and scribbled tor a moment in the leaves. , When Lady Sandys returned to him she was still considerably the more composed of the two. Then came the little bustle of departure, the hurrying servants, and the few last instrnctions. 'Hurst Hall shared tbe gloomy excitement that had "enveloped the Priory. When at last the carriage drove away. Lady Sandys draw down her veil, and consigned herself and her companion to silent musings. They hardly spoke to each other until the chaise rolled up the Priory avenue, and was drawn op/in She light that fell from the' entrance. \- Storm drops of rain fell heavily, and gliBtened, crowding in tbe flood of light. Lewis stepped out, and Assisted Tjady SandyB from the carriage. Tbe butler's face was disfigured with gild, and bis mouth worked convulsively. Had her ladyship glanced at him be must have liucst into tears; bnt atin moved swiftly across thehsU "to the'dramng- room, leaving Mr. Leicester to enquire lor' Sits. Sandys- • • Uta mistress is npstain, air," Lewis said. " WhoinwithherT" '' " Urik Jopp came over, str." '• Tell hertbat Lady Sandys is here." *• Yes, »ir." ' . - Lewis went quickly down the oorfidor, and Mr. Leicester followed Lady Sandys to the drawing-room. She was removing ber wraps, and she laid them neatly upon a neighbouring table. Tben she went to the fire, lit in consequence of the dampness of tbe evening, and held out ber little bandB to the blaze; they trembled slightly, but she betrayed no other sign of agitation. " Shall I leave yon .Lady Sandysf" " No, I think not. It is belter you should remain." Mr. Leicester went into one of the far comers of the room, and began turning over the leaves of a book. Then he desisted, and stand up at a portrait on the wall. He gave a nervous start when the door of the room opened, and beard, with relief, that a message had been sent down ! to Lady Sandys, Esther was not well, and would receive her visitor upstairs. Lady Sandys left the room, and the attorney fidgetted about, as he awaited her return. He was thankful to have been spared this additional pain. When after about a quarter of an hour. Lady Saodys came back to him, he asked hastily how she had left her grand- daughter. " She has heard it like—like a Sandys,' answered the tiny lady, wiping her eyes for the first time, and repressing a seb. " It muBt have beenvery painful," he said, feelingly. " Yes. it was." she replied. "Can I do anything further 1 If not, I must say good evening. I want to visit Mr. Sandys to-night." "Mr. Lelceater, bow will they proceed with this charge ?" He observed that she did not prefix the adjective "shameful," as ninety-nine women out of a hundred would have termed similar acousation. He made a few hnrried stepB across the room, and then answered ber, with a ro newed look of grief. " It muBt EO before judge and jury." " You mean tbe Assizes ?" Yes." " Where will Humphrey be taken to ?" " To Lancaster." "Thank you, Ur. Leicester.. Goodnight." " Good-night. Lady Sandys." He escaped from the presence of this fragment of steel or ice, and shook his head mournfully as he once more took his seat in the carriage. In the Priory drawing-room Lady Sandys sat before tbe fire, thinking deeply. She would not weep, noreven pi ay under this blow; it had fallen upon ber with crushing surprise, but she bore its anguish in silence; even to her own heart she remained calm, unhumiliated, and unsubdued. CHAPTER XIX. It was a dismal afternoon. Bain was rustling down upon the grass, falling incessantly from grey clouds. Mists streamed up from the low pastures, and blurred the sides of the hills. As night approached the dreariness of the weather increased, and fog began to roll and spread up the valley, and gather in drifts among the dripping trees. On tbe banks of tbe river near tbe weir was a little crowd of people.' Some of their uumbor directed and encouraged half-a-doien labourers, who were dragging tbe water with wide nets. The low thunder of the weir sounded above tbe noise of the voices; and the water, swelled by tile rain, rushed down the fall yellow with clay mud, and thick with froth. The twilight deepened, and the searchers were about to give up their work, when ashoutfrom one of their number made everybody start forward. Tben, slowly, and witb difficulty, some heavy burden waB dragged up from the depths of the water. Saranna GibBOn bad been missing since tbe night of the murder, and at last two men had come forward,and related what they had heard, that evening, near tbe weir-pool. Their story WSB sufficient to causc a search; but the river had burn dinggsd all day without success. Now, iu the wet fog of the twilight, Saranna's body was found. Jonathan was among (hose upun the bank. He moved forward with a b. wildereu look, and the curious gasnrs fell back to let him pass. When the still figure was kid upon the graBS, he bent over it in silence. One of the searchers, with an involuntary exclamation, polled off his coat, and flung it over the dead face. Then Jonathan straightened himself, and passed his band across his forehead. " Hoo'd best coom wlioam," he said in a snbdued voice. Somebody got a plank and the body was laid upon it and covered with a piece of sacking. Then a slow procession formed, and moved in the direction of the town. The fog thickened, and tbe trees and rocks Beemed to loom in and out of the shifting vapours, like ghosts, Jonathan's hair and beard dripped witli the damp, as he followed in the stops of the bearers. His chin rested on his breast, and he breathed heavily as he walked along. Whan they reached the main street the cro«d at their heels increased, Two figures cqmiug in an opposite direction, stopped short, as they met the admncing thnjng. One of them was Mr. Leicester, and he pointed to the plank, and Bskcd if there bad been an accident. " "Tis Saranna GibBOn," he was told by half-a doien eager voices, " hoo's bin found 1' t' weir" Mr Leicester turned to Jonathan, " I'm sorry to hear this, Glbflon," be said, "very sorry." Jonathan lifted his heavy eyes and Blared at the lawyer. Mr. Leicester's companion, a tall, clean-Bhaven man, eyed the old weaver with intentness, and some -interest. Then suddenly Jonathan spoke. " Hoo's dead," he said briefly. " Yes. I am very sorry." "There's no ca to be sorry. It war lh' beBt thing as could coom to her." " What do yon mean?" " I'se none SBy what I meana, now. Is UeBtber Sandys boon* to be tried afore a judge and jury,as they're sayin' i't' village?" " Yes," responded Mr. Leicester briefly. Jonathan passed his hand across his brow, and shook tbe bends of wet from bis fingers. " I'se be theer," he said dreamily, " I'se be theer." And then he passed on after tbe bearers. " That is a strange fellow." Mr. Leicester's companion remarked, as the two-men went on again, after this momentary interruption. ' " Yes. I wonder what he meant by those last speeches. He's half-witted." " Has he any connection with our case 7" " HiB daughter had." " Aye. In what way ?" Mr. Leicester briefly related Humphrey's explanation of the passage between Mr. Sandys and his wife which Lewis had interpreted as a quarrel, Sy the time he had finished speaking they bad reached the Priory. The butler admitted them, glancing at the stranger curiously, and showed thorn straight into the room where Lady SandyB and Esther were sitting. Betty .Tupp was there also, for Esther had refused to part with fier, and the baby lay asleep, tucked op among tbe cushions of tbe ooccfa. The old woman would hare lifted her charge and withdrawn, but Esther, in a low voice, bade her not disturb the child. She, therefore,Bat down on the other side of the sob in silence. The room was in firelight, and tbe flicker ing glow distorted everything, and' lent impishnese to all the objects noon which it played. Betty's face was a witch's head grinning above the couch; an d the shadows of some chain were three devils dancing in a corner. Perhaps the uncertain gleamB made Esther's expression strange. Lady Sandys thought so, and,with a queer nervous shiver, she hastily asked Lewis to bring a lamp. Mr. Leicester introduced the stranger, before (he light was brought in, and Lady SandyB greeted him with a curtsey. Esther with a few nervous words. He was the solicitor who was to draw up the brief for Humphrey's counsel, and he had pencil and note-book ready in bis band. Mr. Leicester began to pull off his gloves, and one or two commonplaces passed as Lewis brought in tile lamp. They b11 watched him mechanically while he adjusted the wick and drew the curtains. The baby moved a little and made an inarticulate sound. Betty glanced at Esther, but only met an earnest look, and quick stiake ef the head. The old woman saw that her ndee desired her preaence, and she began softly to hash (fee child where he lay. " Now," said Mr. Leicester, with assumed cheerfulness, " if you please, Mrs. Sandys, we want all the information in your possession." Esther moved restlessly, and her cheekB flushed. " I will tell yon what I can," she said. And foithwitli she related, carefully and slowly, all the incidents she had witnessed which bare in any woy upon the murder. The two solicitors beard her in silence, but the stranger—Mr. Berkeley—glanced at her sharply now and then. When ahe had finislted speaking, lie asked a quick question " Does anyone c!t-c know of all tbiB 7 " " No—no oae." Lady Sandys Imd remained silent, and Esther had been too much occupied in giving ' , , . . t . . . a clea, coherent account of evenU to ask any j questions, llut at the lawyer s exclamation | of disappointment, she turned to Mr, j Imiccster. "l should like to understand, please." ! she said, prewing her hands lightly on lior j chest. " It has all been an tumble and BO confuBcd. I have understood nothing. What • good can all this story do Humphrey ? " j Mr. Leicester looked at her with corn pas- . \- . i won, touched by the strong constraint she was putting upon herself. Then he mado . her sit rlown again in her cliair, nnd tried to ; explain the matter lo her. ! "We want all the witnesprs we can get," . .. ., . ne nam; "you see. me case against your husband iB n very urong one. IthaHbcen practically proved that the charge which billed Mr. Fitzllny WCB sent from Mr. 1 Humphrey's gun. and. as ynn know, the last H , 3 , " ' , . , J time the two gentlemen were aeon to- . gether Mr. Humphrey was carrying his own fowl ing *piocc, while Mr. FitzKuy ! had given hiu to the servant. Mr. ; Humphrey's account of the matter is thai be ' , ' ' . * l and Ins cousin parted company soon after, they had passed the Chellow Dene Works. ; Mr. FittHoy borrowed the gun, saying that ' be might come across some game on tbe u <1\. n 7 \- • moors near Heath Brows, and that it was too hue to go home. Mr. Humphrey acquicBced. and turned towards the valley, but ] sat down near the weir, and only loused . himself when the twilight began to fall. He ! 7 . : b was then tempted to spend half- an-liour or ; so at the rush-berring," having dined, and uot fearing that you would be anxious. The t murder must have been commiitted as he Bat' bythcriver; unfortunately, it was * lonely : place—ond, as he met no one, we cannot establish aD alihi. Now, as you know.Lewis's evidence has gono terribly again&t; him. fur, ' as it stands, it supplies motive forthemur- . , , ,, „ , . der. It was evident that the Coroner s jury believed (lint, there had been a bitter quarrel on account of Mr. KiuKoy'B attentions to j yourself. Tlie misti-ens of the pencillcr'e shed had been :en subptrnacd by J the proetcition—she has ,, / , , | , .talked abnut the note,declaring that you said 3on had. dropped it from your own pockel. The paper is curiouslv tinted, you see, and verv recognisable. What we . ' , - . . . " .1 ..,. , .. must try to do is to prove that tile note was intended for another person. It will be a great- point in our favour if wc can show that Mr. Humphrey was interfeiing or behalf of one of of his tenants, not of himself. Now, 1 , « . . . do you understand how important your story is to us?" ' Mr. Leicester bad spoken without conBnl-' ting his papers, and in the clear earnest voice of one who distinctly sees all'sidesof tbe ... . .. , . „ . question that IB occupying him. LadySandyB had listened attentively, while Esther bent forward in lier cbair, her eyes fixed on him, her bands tightly clasped. She seined as if sho wished to speak, bnt, for a moment, could not find any wordB. Lady SandyB broke into a little pause. " Saranna Gibson ? Can got yeu subpffina her ?" she asked, " I heard eome story of her having left home." j . Mr. Leicester shook his head. I " She Is drowned," he said, iu a low voice, *'Her bedy was dragged up from the weir j pool, to-night. ' | LadySandyB excliamed, and Mr. Beikeleyjooked up slmrplyfrom his notes. | " We must Rubpmna the father, Mr. Leicesler. You remember what lie said to-night " Aye." I [ If we can gqL a witness to Bwear that lliiB . f note was intended for Saranna Gibson it will ba, as y«u say, a point of no little value. Surely this flirtation was gossiped about in the village." j Lady Sandys shook her head. , I _ j ' .. . . , .,. about *' I do it," not she believe said, " anybody though there knew may anything have be<sn rumours." " i hope to goodness we ahall And Komeone wboknew,"said Mr. Berkeley rather shortly, " We can't afford to lose a valuable piece of evidence like thiB." " Why must it be lost 7" asked Esther, below her breath, fixing her earnest eyes upon the stranger's face. " 1 ant speaking the truth. I can tell all ahuut it." " Aye, aye," he answered, inoro gently than he had yet spoken, " but it is not admissible." " Why ?" You are hia. wife," Mr. Leicester explained, compassionately, " and the law debars you from becoming a witness." (To be continued.) 