A NEW NERO. CHAPTER VI A REALISTIC ROMANCE. BY EDGAB FAWCETT, AUTHOR OF "An Ambitious Woman, " "The Evil that Men Do," Etc. The next morning, thoroughly exhausted, I took a northward bound train at a station seven or eight miles away from the scene of ray second crime. In the railway carriage, wjnch luckily I shared with no one else, my slumber was*so heavy that, the guards had to awoke me onco or twice for my tickets, and finally at Livcrjxx)! to awake mo onco again. Thence I took another train for Edinburgh, where I soon had evidences that my stained skin was commencing to resume its natural color. On tin’s account 1 changed my hotel several times while I was in the Scotch capi tal, and so gradually became ray natural self again without attracting the least suspicion. By tliis time I hud read various newspaper accounts of the brutal murder of ray cousin Egerton, by the son of liis gamekeeper, There was but one opinion on the subject of this bloody act: Mark Cragge, tho deliberate and daring assassin, should undoubtedly swing for it. He had been brazen enough to assert his innocence—to declare that some one else did the dcwl, afterward rushing away . from him in the darkness. Of course this dragging-in of a mysterious third party was the most lame and audacious lie. Fifty people had heard Mark Oraggo swear that that ho would kill Mr. Mountstuart; he had been seen watching the house hours previously ; a pistol, too plainly his own, was found* at Mr. Mountstuart’s side, with one barrel discharged. Never, indeed, affirmed an influential journal, was there a more flagrant case of malice and fury wreak ing itself uj)on an English gentleman of high position and cleanly record. The‘giri, this journal pursued, had borne an evil reputa tion in the neighbourhood for several years. The fact had transpired at tho inquest, and would undoubtedly toll in a terrible way at tho trial. I returned to London, and quietly said to inquiring friends that I had been “down to Scotland for a few days." No one, as fur ns I could ace, gave this explanation of my absence a second thought. A man of my youth nud financial freedom naturally came and went as ho pleased. I could not put on mourning for my cousin, since I already wore, it for his father. My expression of indignation at tho murder threw forth much sympathy. I soon went to Graydon Hall, and on meeting young Blanche explained to her that I would surely havo attended the funeral of her brother if an unfortunate carelessness had not prevented me from doing more than scan the newspapers while I was in tho North. A short- time before his death Egerton had made a will, bequeathing everything to his sister Blanche, whom ho had always tenderly loved. This young girl was now the mis tress of Graydon Hall and the possessor of half a million pounds sterling, though to look on her one could scarcely realise the dignify ing fact. If indeed she realised it, the effect which it wrought U]xm her was only one of greater meekness and sweetness than had yet marked her manner. Egortoris death had shocked her horribly, "I feel, dear Harold,” sho said to me, with her pale grey eyes swimming in tears, “os if I should bear this last awful bereavement till the hour of my death.” “Poor, darling Blanche," I said, taking her delicate hand and warmly pressing it, * f your troubles hare indeed been bitter! No one feels for you more acutely than I do— no one, I believe, feels for you half so much! My compassion is boundless, dear girl! I ■would move heaven and earth if I could only lessen your sufferings!” "How sweet of you—how like your large true heartßlanche murmured ; and her head sank for a moment on my breast. "Father always said of you that you had tho Hndeat and most generous of natures!” This scene with Blanche bored mo a little, but that was all. It did nob in the faintest degree move mo with contrition, or cause me to wince from any insurgent sense of ray own peerless hypocrisy. Still, it appealed to my imagination, of which, as I insist upon reiterating to my reader, I possessed an ample share. It contained elements both of the dramatic and picturesque, and hence would have been fraught for me with really pungent interest if only this virtuous young kinswoman of mine had not been so lire flomely passionless. “What,” I now found myself musing, “if I should marry her and thus become the ac tual though not the legal lord of Graydon and all its golden appurtenances? What if I should in this fashion end abruptly the lurid career which it will take five more as sassinations to complete? Blanche wen'*! coil, at first; for marriage to her prim and timid little soul would be like a tornado to a garden-lily. But in a short time I would change all that. She would yield if only I chose to woo with spirit enough.” And yet the idea of making her my wife soon became odious. If I married at all I should surely not marry a little atom of monotony like that. No matter what plenteous wealth sho brought me, I should loatho her to such a degree soon after our union that the very idea of being bound to her would deal me most exquisite disgust-. I might, it Is true, marry her, induce her to make me uncondi tionally her heir, and then kill her. I con templated this course with much reflective energy one evening during my stay at Gray don Hall, in solitude, after a pleasant din ner, and while soothed by the fumes of a specially fragrant cigar. No, I concluded, such a plan would bo ridiculously stupid. However adroit m3- methods, their results would entail suspicion if not disaster. It would bo tempting investigation, if not dis covery, to possess myself of this noble pro perty* by causing a third death in the same household so soon after those other two. Poor, pious little Blanche must nvsuredl.v die, but not in a way that would leave me a widower. My visit at Graydon was longer than I had intended it to be. There wore matters con nected with the management of the largo property about which Blanche sought my counsel; and with all modesty I may declare that I was most capably qualified to bestow it. For one of less undaunted nerve than myself, the bedchamber in which I passed my nights would perhaps have been peopled with distressing phantoms. But I slept a sweet and refreshing sleep every night that I spent in the home of my ancestors. I had marvellously perfect health; I despised the idea of ghostly visitants ; and more than this, I had begun to take a grim, delicious re lish in the slow accomplishment of my tre mendously homicidal pmrfcse. When I expressed to Blanche my regret not to have seen our xmcle Cecil and his tliroe children at the funeral of Egerton, sh-‘ surprised me by saying that Olive, the younger of tho twins, had departed for Ca nada. A strange thrill passed through me ns I heard this news. It had almost the force of a thunderclap. “Olive gone!” I ex claimed ; and then, flushing a little ns Blanche’s surprised eyes met my own. “It’s —it's because of Edna’s queer jealousy,” I almost stammered. “Is not that the true reason?” "I fear bo —I fear so,” faltered Blanche, drooping her gaze, “Edna made her sisters life almost intolerable. And then it was so fortunate that her aunt, Sirs. Elphinstone, had become infatuated with Olive, There liave been one or two letters from her since she arrived in Montreal The Elphinstoncs are rich, social people. Olive, though still the merest girl, is made to live quite a merry life by her loving aunt. For her com panion she has a young mcce of Mr, Elphjn stonc’s, who has already grown to adore her. She writes.with rapture of Roberta Stirling. The Elphinstoncs have a large country place on the Niagara River, quite near the world famous Falls, which all we English people are so anxious to look upon. Early in Juno every year they go there, and just now, I believe, Olive is thrilled->. with expectations of a delightful summer:” ■ # After hearing this piece of very unwelcome tidings I told myself that it was a devilish piece of ill-luck. But a little Inter I took a far more cheerful view of Olive’s absence. It might not last more than a year, when all waa said. Besides, was X not the worst churl of ingratitude to scowl at fate for hav ing badly used me, when twice its aid had proved so timely and so precious? Before leaving Graydon Hall I saw much of Blanch el and arrived at the conclusion that she 'would consent to become my wife far more ea*% than I had first supposed; f wanted to show the neighborhood with what depth of sympathy I regarded her bereaved position, and .so I would often allow myself to be seen either driving or walking in her company. Sometimes the girl’s solo com panion and former governess, a certain Mrs. GlddingS, would odcupy a seat in oW car riage. Blrg. Giddings usually went *dk my invitation ; I soon saw that Blanche, though clingingly fond of hot friend, would liave pre ferred that she remained at homo. For ray* self, X thought Mrs. Giddings a mournful old prude and wig. She was yellow and wrinkled, and liad a stoop. All unbcautiful women not only fatigued me, but roused my secret wrath. I sojjactimcs thought how pleasant rt would be to give this old creature a slow poison (with entire personal safety, of course) and smilingly watch her expire by inches. Naturally this will strike my reader ns on impulse of the most abominable cruelty. But X beg to insist that it was no thing of the sort-. It was precisely the same tendency which asserts itself in more ordi nary mortals than I when they ore brought into contact with a black beetle or rat. And in so far os concerned my treatment of Mrs. Giddings, it was politeness at full, bland llowcr, I felt sure that she thought mo alike the essence of all gallantry and high mindedness. I only cared to have her drive with Blanche and myself because her pre sence prevented, on the part of my cousin, certain pretty speeches and meaning glances which it would now bo rankly stupid for me to misinterpret. Beyond all doubt Blanche Imd fallen in love with mo, and one day Mrs. Giddings drew mo. aside, and With cer tain rollings of her glaucous old eyes and sentimental parsings of her shrivelled old lips, the Indy told mo in ludicrous paraphrase that this was the case. “Oh, no, no,'’ I insisted. “kou are quite wrong, my dear Mrs, Giddings quite posi- wrong I I do hopo you will not ac quaint poor, dear Blanche with your idle tan cios. It might wound her very deeply if vou did." And I frowned and shook my linger in the face of this aged and unpleasant tattler, really bullying her into future si -10 At the same time I was confident that Blanche had grown to cherish me a , good deal more than was wholesome for ncr peace of mind. It may have been an infatuation less sudden than I supposed. Possibly »b had begun before my present sojourn at the Hall. Just when it bad altered from spark to flame I could not guess ; but now a hund red tender and fluttered signs made her pas sion obvious ns daylight. : She had another companion quite ns de voted as Mrs. Giddings, and to my taste uiucli more agreeable. This *vvaa-her doij. Hector, which had nominally belonged, in past mouths, to her dead brother, but which bad alwnvs made Blanche the object of his special fondness. Hector was a Newfound land of the purest sort, a magnificent brute, black ns night, with topaz eyes, like a cats, only much larger, and full of an honest con stiuicy in place of foliuo mutability* Ho had long hair, soft ns silk, a head of surpass ing grace, and a tail that curled abovo his body in a sort of feathery grandeur. He alwnvs went with Blanche on her walks, and to all other dogs he was the soul of dignified tolerance. Once, Blanche told me, when attacked bv a huge mastiff largec than him self, ho had bitten lus foe clean through the throat, severed a great vein and caused his death. But this act had been merely one of self-defence. At all usual times Hector was replete in kindness. “I don’t tliink, however,” Blanche said to me one day, ‘‘that he is by any means equally polite to every body. Between ourselves, he never par ticularly cared for poor Egerton, Bis real ow ner and master. But you, for instance’ and hero Blanche gave me, with her pale giey eyes, one of those wistful and intense looks which I now often received from her— “it is truly remarkable how he seems to care for you. I believe that with a little effort you would be quite ablo to alienate his affec tions from myself.” “That is an accomplishment,” I hastened to answer, “which I should very much dislike attaining." , „ , ~ , “You’re so kind-hearted, she said, al most below' her breath. “I think it would cause you real pain to give any fellow-crca ture tho faintest annoyance." “You judge me far too leniently,” I laughed, while I patted Hector’s beauteous, majestic head. Frequently, nowadays, I would find myself sneering at tho reputed “sagacity” of dogs. I recalled' novels and tales that I had" rend, in which the villain of the plot is suddenly assailed, or at least greeted with ominous growls, by some do mestic dog seldom if ever known to lie uu amiable. What rubbish, I mused, nro nearly all these popular creeds and ideas! If Hec tor, this superb animal, could delect human villainy by any of the alleged “instinct” so often attributed to his species, then surely ho should days ago liave planted his wliite fangs in my tliroat. But no ; I deceived him with tho same success that I had de ceived his intellectual superiors. “Is there a gleam,” I had become fond, at this time, of cynically asking myself—“is there a gleam of the so-called ‘spiritual’ un derlying the material phenomena of life? Is it not just as absurd to endow man with ideal and holy qualities as to affirm that some wondrous clairvoyance may lodge itself in the brain of a dog ? This vaunting of love, for example, as tho supremo and ennobling grace of human nature. Did not such silly deification of more bodily longing originate from vainglory and sc If-worship? Mean and fleeting atoms that wo were, why should we seek to crown ourselves with the mythic nim bus of angels? In all my arch-infamy, was I not far wiser than my fellows? Unutter able monster that 1 would so quickly be named if my covert deeds, thoughts and de sires could once be bared to light, had I not reached, after l all, the liigher plane of wis dom in concluding that ‘soul’ was a mere conceit of tho mind, that wo arc simply multi tudes of vitalised and individualised dirt, and that tho coarse greed of the beast underlies every sentiment which we applaud as noble or semi-divino ?” Tliis series of self- questionings, which may strike many as so hideously, so revqltingly heathen, was destined to receive its duo answer. I did not even vaguely dream tho possibility of such answer then, entrenched as I was behind my own frozen certitudes. But already, though I failed to surmise it, the trumpet of my doom was being prepared for one keen and thrilling peal. Destiny, as it were, had stretched forth an irreversible hand, and soon she would lift that trumpet to her implacable lips 1 CHAPTER TIL Meanwhile tho county promised to make quick work with Mark Cragge. His father was in agonies of fear at the prospect of the approaching trial. He sought me more than once with his plaints and asseverations, and finally besought that I would drive over to the jail and see his son. “I’m certain,, sir,” he said, "that my boy’s innocent of this murder. Pm certain j'ou’ll believe so, boo, if you'll only listen to lus stoiy.” A sense cf the absurdity in my listening to tins young man’s “story’ caused me al most to laugh aloud. But X consented to meet Mark in his grim coll. There was something sublime to me in ray own hypo crisy ; X was fascinated by it, as though it had been some vast shadowy cave amid whose recesses I was peering, with one or two dim-descried forms outlined spectrally in its gloom. Of a truth, I could not help musing, there was never a man so diverted by his own depths of turpitude as was I! Mark had lost all his old wrathful de meanor. Ho seemed cowed,' appalled, by the mystery which had made him its prey. Ho told me with trembling voice of the strange figure that had darted forth from dusk on that fateful evening. “You surely don’t believe that personage to liave been a ghost?” I said, with a smile halt of compassion and half of irony, “No, no,’’ Mark sighed. “He was flesh and blood. He was quite as real, Mr.’ Mountstuaxt, as you ore.” “Indeed, indeed, my poor Mark?” I said, with a secretly deliberated aimlessness of tone. "Bub your story, Heaven help you, does not hang together. There, at the very feet of my dead cousin, was left the pistol ” “Which was not mine, Mr. Mounlstuart! Mine was of different make altogether. Mine was —— ” ' "Then you carried a pistol ?” Mark nodded, dropping his head. “Yes, sir, X carried one.” “And you’ve seen the one which -this ghostly individual carried?” “At the inquest—yes, sir.” “And you admit that you prowled about tlie front entrance of Gravdon irth intent to kill?” “With intent to meet the master I( And what?” I quickly questioned, though very peaceably. “Did you expect to* settle your grudge without bloodshed?’ “If I could—yes.” “If you could?” I reiterated. “Do you mean that you w’ould.not have used your own pistol (winch you assert that this airy being filched from you after my cousin was shot through the brain) provided you could have induced Mr, Mountsfcunrt to marry a wan ton?” Mark’s face contracted, and both his hands clenched themselves. “I never knew ——” he gasped. * “You never knew, my poor Mark, nor did estimable father know. But, all the village was well aware of your sister’s tteal life.” ■ • ■ ' to Andrew’,-#© forlorn | father of tho culprit* <r Whafc wore-can be eaiiU” I queried, "with A break in my voice that struck mo as being very finely artistic* ‘ Everytiling is against your unhappy son— cvotytliing 1 The pistol that was found was one of tho ordinary moke. His own pistol, ho alleges, was robbed form him by - — Oh !" 1 broke off, with a wonderful Irttlo laugh, “how can human credulity permit it self to bo taxed so greatly 1” . . Mart, overhearing mo, gave a groan that was blended with a shudder. “I never killed Egerton Mountstuort," ho cried. “I uught have done rt { I admit, but I did not. There is so much m that!” # ,, 1 answered, at first, with a pitying smile. “Alas r I then said, seeming to struggle with tho words, as though tlioir sternness hurt a nature ns rich in humanity as my own, “there is not enough in your assertion, my unhappy man, to save you from the scaf- C “The scaffold!” exclaimed old Andrew ; and he threw his Jiands upward for an m slaut, then burying his face in them with wild dejection. "Oh, my God,” muttered Mark, “must it come to that 1 And I'm innocent—inno cent I” I looked at the stalwart yet tremulous young fellow with ©yes that seemed to him, as I doubt not, two compassionate stars. “You will have every cllance to prove your imioceuce,” I said, a little brokenly—just brokenly and emotionally enough for the oc casion, as it struck my own critical taste— “and if you fail—if you fail, I fear that your doom is certain 1” ' While I turned away from Mark, os though overcome by the bitterness of my own pro phecy, Andrew’s hand timidly plucked my sleeve. . , “Mr. Harold,” came the faltering appeal, “can nothing bo done about that dark stronger —an Indian gentleman ho called himself—who come to my home on the very morning of the murder'? Is there hot a chance sir?” , , ... I gave an. impatient shrug hero, while keeping my face pitifully sombre. ; “Oh, Andrew,” I said, “is that poor, dark complexioned tourist, who perhaps did not, stay more felian an hour or so upon the lawns of 'Graydon, to bo charged with a murder of whose Very commission he is perhaps at tills raomont completely ignorant? Ah, no, no, Andrew! X would not, I really would not, drag that guiltless person into trial! You did so, I hear, at the inquest, and with slight avail. Take my counsel, and lot the fact of bis having passed for a few moments across your own end your son’s field of vision, re main undiscussed hereafter. Even to touch upon the subject at all, now, may injure a cause already too fatally feeble!’’ I was about to depart from tho coll, and suddenly, while nearing its door, I turned toward Mark. “God help you!” I said, with an excellent and telling fervor. I would graciously have permitted tho -prisoner to take my hand in this role of high- minded Samaritan winch I was assum ing. But Mark made no attempt oven to touch my hand. He simply bowed his head and answered: . “It does not seem, sir, as If God would help mo!” I glanced at Andrew while I quitted tho cell. “What blasphemy!” I whispered. In thin and quivering tones, wliilo ho fol lowed me, Andrew replied : , “Oh, Mr.. Harold, it sounds like blas phemy, but it onlj* sounds I Have von no comforting words for my boy, sir? Is it all. so drearily dark with him?” “Dark as night,” I answered, in tho same semitone, “Dark,” I added, “as death it self!” ' Soon after this I returned to London, feel ing that my departure caused Blanche far more pain than she permitted herself to show. Now, in still deeper mourning than before, I partook of no social pleasures, liv ing almost the life of a recluse. My friends admired mo for the respect which 1 paid to tho memory of my cousin. “Wo Mount stuarts wore always a bit clannish,” I would say, when people hinted that ray retirement was needlessly severe. “Besides, poor Egorton’s death was so pathetic, and his murderer, you know, still remains unpun ished.” The trial, however, soon came off. None but circnmstanital evidence could bo brought against Mark, but this was of a kind terribly strong. The defence endeavored to make a point out of tho presence of an unknown Indian gentleman on tho grounds of Gray don during the day which preceded the evening of tho murder, but this plea was al most hissed when presented. It then streve to prove that the pistol found near Egerton hy tho startled servants whom my shot had summoned out of doors had never been the property of tho prisoner. Here one or two witnesses from Newcastle, who testified that Mark had long possessed another pirtol of quite different make pierced the gloom of his case with a few rays of hope. . But nothing else could be affirmed in his favor. His rash and open threats told against him with damning force, and the fact that Egerton’s own servants had found him in a dazed, dis hevelled state at only a slight distance from, the prone form of their master, wrought hideously in his disfavor. Then, too, tho examination of Madge (who broke down hy sterically in court) made tho alleged misdeed of the dead scorn far less culpable than his worst detractors had held it. And at last, when the judge gave his charge to the jury, every on3 had but a single belief as to which way the coming verdict would turn. Conviction speedily followed, and Mark was sentenced to bo hanged. I was in Lon don at this time, and the nows, when I heard it, gave mo a joyful thrill. It was pleasant to bo quite outspoken, too, regarding my de light, and to say, with a relieved sigh: “At last they have brought to justice the mur derer of poor Egerton J” But inwardly my satisfaction was of a different sort. In the death of Mark for a crime committed by my self I saw tho last potentiality of being in culpated vanish for ever. The stone, so to speak, was rolled upon the sepulchre, and no future hand would ever stir it. Within tho following month. Mark was banged at the county jail. I smiled as I read in tho newspaper that ho “died bravely, but protesting lus innocence to the last.' No wonder, poor fellow ! How extraordi nary if ho had finally admitted his guilt! I could almost imagine some zealous clergyman hypnotising him into doing so. About a week after the execution I Wont down to Graydon. Hall. Blanche’s pale eyes danced as they lighted upon me. But soon her face saddened while she said: “Is it mt loo melancholy? Old Andrew, the father of Mark Craice, died suddenly of paralysis this morning,” , “Dead, really, poor old chap? I’ll go to his funeral.” And I did go. The funeral was largo: Andrew had always been popular, and the awful sorrow of his declining years (a sor row which no one doubted to have caused lus death) had roused the widest sympathy. Many honest and kindly eyes, rested upon myself. I felt sure that my presence at the funeral was hold to be a high honor. “What t. pity that he ain’t the heir,” I overheard a shabby-clad girl say to her companion, just as we wore all moving from the little an cient, dreamy-lit church. ' “He looks so much better than Miss Blanche does.” ’ “Oh, but she’s so very good.” ‘Tm sure he’s good too. You can see it in his face.” ... ■. .V “They might to marry one another, Bess, oughtn’t they?” ; : . “Oh, lie’ll marry some beautiful lady—a duke’s daughter, perhaps,” ’T - once saw a duke’s daughter, and she wasn’t beautiful a bit.” *'0h, X knew, dear; they-sometimes hap pen that way, but not often.” Blanche had been indisposed with one of; her occasional blinding headaches that day, or she would have gone with mo to tho largo though simple funeral. When I returned to the Hall, however, X found her sitting up and looking quite herself again. “What conjigjpr has been here?” I asked. “You,” she Implied, smiling, ; : “I? But X went away,” - ? “Ah, yes, but you were coming back in.a ; little while.” .. “And tho thought of my coming restored you?” .. ■ ■ v-; “It helped.” She laughed faintly, here. “Graydon is dull, you know.” . “Fm glad to brighten it the least in the ■ world.” ‘ . ,f You do mere than that!” she said, and, with so. much fervor that-1 regretted my words. Her pale-grey eyes kept haunting my face ns though incapable of leaving it. Their feverish radiance annoyed mo. Wou’ll stay with us now for several days, will you not?” she went on; and the note of pleading in her voice was'acutely personal. (To. be Continued.)' ; ■ ’ 