Drinkers Of Coffee A new York doctor says that his observation has shown beyond question that chronic coffee poisoning is much more common than is generally supposed. The symptons are usually confounded with alcoholic disturbance, he says, because coffee dyspepsia bears a striking resemblance to alcoholic dyspepsia. There is the same disgust for food, morning expectorations of mucus, and marked anorexia. This disgust for food increases in severe cases until the patient can take only coffee or bread soaked in coffee. Nausea follows, and the patient becomes emaciated. Insommia is a marked symptom, or, if sleep occurs, terrifying dreams detract from its benefit. Trembling of the entire body, especially of the lips and tongue, is noticeable. Even the cramps in the limbs which accompany alcoholic poisoning frequently occur. An effort on the part of the confirmed coffee drinker to become a total abstainer is almost similar in result to that which follows the abandonment of alcoholic liquors. For a time the nervous system is wrenched. An inebriate asylum never contained more pitiable suffering than that of 'reforming' coffee drunkard, who has indulged in his favour- ite beverage to excess. The discovery and observation regarding coffee-drinking explains why a person who suddenly abandons alcoholic drinks is always advised to take strung coffee. It is a noticeable fact that almost every ' reform- ed drunkard ' is a confirmed drinker of coffee in its strongest form. Often a man takes a ' cocktail ' to freshen his appetite for breakfast. This object is attained because alcohol stimulates the stomach. ' After a heavy dinner the same man will drink a cup of black coffee as an ' aid of digestion ' The effect of cocktail and coffee is the same. One stimulates the stomach to activity before eating, the other urges it to greater rapidity of action to dispose of the food and drink with which it has been overloaded. Every person who has indulged in liquor not wisely and in too great amount, knows that nothing will woo back fleeting senses like a cup of strong coffee. It is because of that old medical theory that one poison is an antidote for another. At the Cowra Police Court, last week, John Smith, alias' ',' Ginger'; Johnson, alias 'Friend'; Thomas Frazer, alias ' George Degruchy, alias ' The Ratler ' and Archibald Forbes, alias ' Ted,' or ' Teddy Hogan,' were charged with breaking and entering the shop of Messrs. Murray and Smith, Cowra, and commit- ting a felony 'therein, on or about the 8th inst., and John Healey, alias ' John Clark,' with being an accessory after the fact. After evi- dence had been taken, accused, who reserved their defence, were committed for trial at the Young Quarter Sessions, to be held on 12th January. Just when the session was about to give up the ghost, and there was no necessity to guard the government from defeat, the Labor mem- bers displayed a degree of temerity altogether unexpected. They fraternised effusively with the Opposition, cheered Mr. Barton, Mr. Lyne and Mr. Crick, and ridiculed Ministers and Ministerialists. It seemed as though the soli- darities had kicked over the traces directly the State coach had reached a resisting stage, and their assistance for the time being not required. It was an amusing show of independence with the object, no doubt, of impressing the country that there are three parties in Parliament, although appearances throughout the session had pointed to two only. — Molong Argus. Over 1,000,000 copies of the new Presby- terian Hymnary have been printed. The Gulgong papers refers to the water that is used there for domestic purposes as a ' dark diseased fluid.' The Bntish War Office has ordered from Biimmgham 50,000 shells and 7,000,000 cart- ridges. The Duke of York will shortly be promoted to the rank of Rear- Admiral, and will command the battleship Prince George. The appointment will be made in readiness for the forthcoming visit of an Amencan fleet to European waters We wonder if the battleship should be prepared for action the Duke would retain command, or only draw his screw. The heat was intense at Melbomne on Satur- day, and forced Jones, the South Australian bowler, to leave the field. A man giving the name of Da Challis was found prowling about Mr. Sheppard's house, Ashfield, early on Sunday morning. Mr. Shep- pard fired at, and wounded him. The bankruptcies for 1898 cover no less than 196 " occupations " A retrospect of the trade of 1898 shows a distinct comparative improvement, both in point of volume and values. ' The present season promises to give record returns in the industries of agriculture and dairying. Some excellent gold returns are reported from Wyalong. Splendid rain were reported on Saturday from many parts of the colony. At Randwick, on Saturday, Akarini, an out- sider, won the Carrington Stakes. News has been received of the death, at Trinkey station, as the result of a shooting acci- dent, of Henry Bradford. 