A grey-haired man with n prematurely old fuco ihambled into the vestibule of a restaurant one night, and pressing his face againBt tho glaBB door gazed hUDgrily in at tile throng anrund the tableB. About three tables fro^ff I ho door sat a man in earuett conversation with another man,when ho hap pened to glance up and seo the hggaard face pressed against the pane. Ho stinted, looked intently at tlio face, and then jump ing from his chair ran to tho door. He grabbed tho arm of the grey-haired man, who ha:l btarted to go away, whispered a few words to liiin, camu back and got his hat and coat, and then left the restaurant. HiB friend sat at the tablo patiently awaiting his return. The man who went out was u detec tive, who had come to take back a fugitive from justice, and the man who sat waiting for liiin waB an oliicer who had been enter taining him. It was almost an hour before tho detective returned. He came in looking very much perturbed threw himself in his chair, and said:—" Talk about seeing ghosts ! X though , I'd seen one then. That man there has jus»ii risen from the grave. 'I he dead alive again, or, at least, I know several tundred people who'd think so if they'd seen that man as I saw him looking through that door an hour ago. But lie's fleah and blood, and would you believe if, he's worth £600 in tile ma rket to day. ' If theie was £10,000 reward out against him I wouldn't take him in. Why, thero wasn't a question but what, lie was (lead. That's why I called him a ghost, and ho is but a ghost of what he was a few ysarn ago. Ton years ago there was a series of rob beries, evidently the work of an expert cracksman that we were hard put to it to get any elue of the ideutity of the man. I blurted 011 the theory that no local man could do such work. Burglar alarms, safes, and watchmen wero alike of no avail against this individual,and in not one instance waB a job of Ilia discovered until business hours the following day. Now, about a mouth before these burglaries began a young lawyer moved to town, opened an oliice, took a house in tho fashionable part of the city,and, with his wife, began to cut quite a ligure in local society, I shall call him .lames Wright. He seemed to have plenty of money, and his wife, who was very pretty, became very popular. Aa for Wright, he was a handsome young fellow, with the figure of an Apollo, and a knack of attiring himself in becoming clothes that speedily won for him (the reputation of being the best dressed ntau in town. ' I wenl to my room at seven o'clock one morning, having worked all night at one of these robberies. An hour later I waa rousesd by a newspaper reporter who had assisted me in several of my eases, and brought me the news that Blank's Bank had beeu entered during the night, the I vaults opened, and £2,000, stolen. When I got to the bank and looked over the ground I realised for the first Lime what a clever mail I was up against in the work of running down the author of these robberies. For a week I frequented all the low resorts in town, hoping to get a clue, but it was all in vain. The tough characters in town were as much mystified over these robberies as I was. Ever since tho robbery of Blank's banlt I had carried with me a brass button that I had found in the vault there. I hadn't much hope of ever getting hold of my man through it, but it was a clue, and, without Bavintr a word about my find to anybody, I carried it with mo always and just waited for some thing to turn up. It happened in this way:— " The Wright's gave a fancy dress ball. it was tho swellest social function in years, and local society turned out to it. The Chief sent me to that ball to sort of look out for things, for the women had all their jewellery out. I suddenly Haw something which made me Btart. A man dressed as a costermonger walked across tho floor and spake to a masked lady. Then he walked out into the hall audwent upstairp. ' Who was that man?' I aBked rather abruptly of a woman I had been talking to. ' I don't know,' she said, ' but if you really want to know I cau find out,for the woman he spoke to is our hostess, Mrs. Wright.' ' 1 have a reason for wanting to know,' I said, and my companion walked acrosB the room without hesitation and sat down beside Mrs. Wright. I tell you I was on tho anxious seat then. Why? ' Oh, noth ing, excepting that on tho legs of the coster monger's trousers, down at the bottom,there wero little rows of brass buttons, and I had seen that one was missing from the left leg, and that the buttons corresponded with the one I found in Blank's bank. 4 Why, that was Mr. Wright,' said my messenger, return ing; ' now take mo out and get me some lunch.' How I wanted to drop her that moment and get to work. But I went, she chatting merrily and I with my thoughts any where but with her. When wo got in the hall, out of sight of the other guests, she speedily brought me to my senses. Gripping mo by the arm, bIib looked me squately in the face and said:— ' See here, you're a detective. 1 know it. Now, what do you want of Mr. Wright?' She laughed right in my face. ' Ar« v0u <rG i:-£ I.J isii ..{.!»• -!>-•>•>>>}. ■ Madam" [ said, for I saw there wub no use trilling with her, ' I do not know you, and if 1 did J would have no right to disclose mat tors t hat aie con fided to me by my superiors. 1 am a detcetive here by invitation of your host, to concern myself with tho welfare of his guests and to do nothing else. I have not Bought to thrust myself on any of the guests and'— ' You shall tell me this thing at once,' she said, paying j no attention to my apologies. ' You cau trust me. Liook and Bee if you can't,' and she raised her mask. 1 had been talking to the ; wife of the President of the Board of Police Commissioners, a woman famous there for her cleverness. ' I happen to know the work you've been engaged on of late. I'm in-I terested, too. Is it Wright?' I made no answor. ' Is it Wright?'she insisted, stamp ing her font. * I cannot talk such things ' with you here,' 1 said. ' Come to my house j to morrow,' she said. 1 Before you go, though, let mo warn you to act quieklj if you're going to act at all. These people are ' nearing the finish.' I I called next morning, and she told mo the facts. Like all olever men, Bhe said, Wright j has a weakness. Ho adores that wife of his and trusts her. She is a bud woman and has an alfair on haud now. He has no money I save what he gets from time to time, the life is dangerous, and it wouldn't surpiise me if ! ohe skipped out with one of our prominent j citizens at any time. If Wright had a sus picion of I his he'd kill her without a doubt. You must act quickly ur all your woik will be in vain. Shortly after ten o'clock tho next morning the president of the bank in tho city was seated in his private oilice when Mr. James Wright's card was handed to him. ' Show I Mr. Wright in.' he said. Mr. Wright i walked in and sat down. 'Mr. I'resident,' i he said, ' I am going to leave town to-day 1 for good. My wifo has already gone, but as I had a matter of business to attend to be- ' fore going 1 stayed over.' ' Exactly, Mr. ; Wright, exactly,' said the President. ' I want a cheqne for £4,000,' said Wright. ' A. , very large amount,' said tho President. ! • Have you the eaBh near by?' 'My dear sii, ' I havou't a cent in the world.' 'But, Mr. : Wright, wo can scarcely—' ' Now I'm uot here to argue,' said Wright, ' but to get the j money. My timo is very limited. Since I have been in town I have had to depend on ; tho carlossncas and stupidity of its well-to-do citizens for a livelihood. You will excuse me if I insist on a little haste in this matter," and Mr. James Wright pulled out two shiny new revolvers. ' It would pain me very much to have to use theBe.' ho Baid, ' but if it becomes necessary I shall use them with out hesitation. Now please write tho cheque.' The l'residont, a man over sixty, was mightily frightened, and hu wrote out a cheque for £1,000 and tossed it over to Wright. ■ Take it and go, you damned scoundrel,' he said. 'Not so fast, not so fast,' said Wright. ' Your cashier would certainly think I was joking if 1 took this cheque out to him. And you, what would you bo doing ? I don't suppcBO you'd sit lioro patiently, would you ? No, no, my dear air, you will COlilu *i' tho CUSli'iOt' Vfiil'. iin', ,, i 11 i"11111 iiiift lii uush this cheque, then we will return horo mid count the money, after which I will lock you in tho room and depart, and, by the way, if there is tho slightest interruption to tho proceedings I will pnt a bullet through iny head, but first I will send one to ydur heart.' Not a man, woman, or child could bo found who buw him after he left tho bank. A duscriptoin of him was acnt out through tho country. £2,000 reward was offered for his capture, but iivo years ago the rewards were all withdrawn, savo one of £20, which still stands. As for RlrB. Wright,she eloped with a prominent citizen,and before she got tlirougli with liiin ho wob almost a bankrupt." " And that was Mr. James Wiight whoBe face we saw pressed againnt Iho glass door to-night?" asked the oflicer. '■ It was," said the detec tive, " and he is a vagrant to-day, his splen did nervo and wonderful ability wrecked by his wife's inliilelily. Ho told me jnst now that ho lived but to kill her." 