THE CARDINAL AT THE CATHE DRAL .. ?.. ? ? ? ? ???»? DEVOTION TO THE HOLY MOTHER OF GOD. WHY CATHOLICS HONOUR HER AND PRAY TO HER. ,','???. THE EFFICACY OF HER PLEADING. At St. Mary's Cathedral on Sunday evening last the Cardinal- Archbishop concluded his series of Lenten Lectures : — 11 Hail, full qf grace, the Lord is with thee.' (Luke i, 28). The Feast of the Annunciation which we have just been celebrating invites us to take as the subject of our discourse to-day, Devo tion to the Holv Mother of God. The Annuncia tion is one of the most ancient festivals of the Church. In the 7th century we find it sanctioned by Councils in the East and in the West ; and, as early as the 4th century, St. Augustine attests that the whole Church commemorated on that day the Incarnation of Our favour : 'It is an old tradition (he says) adopted by the Church, that the Incarna tion of the Eternal Word took place on the 25th of the month of March.' The Angel Gabriel, one of the chief Angels who stand before God's throne, was sent by God to bear the announcement of the Incarnation to an humble Jewish maiden in her home at Nazareth. ? It is well that we would ponder for a while on the ? details of this Angelic message, the most replete with glai tidings for fallen man ever conveyed from heaven to earth. The sanctuiry in which the Blessed Virgin prayed, adjoining her lowly cot . tage, is still pointed oat on the gentle slope of the hillside overlooking the village of Nazareth. She was engaged in prayer to the Most High when the Angel Gabri. 1 appear to her. It is expressly writ ten that this Angel ' was sent from God.' lie is honoured by the Fathers as the Angel of the Incarnation. He it was who appeared to the Prophet Daniel of old, foreshadowing in prophecy this great mystery, rfe, again, it was who, when the time of fulfilment was at hand, appeared to the priest, Zachary, announcing the precursor's coming : ? I am Gabriel, who stand before God ; and am sent to speak to thee and to bring thee these good tidings.' The name Gabriel signifies ' Strength of God' ; and, in truth, the Incarnation of the Eternal Word, the masterpiece of Infinite Wisdom, marked the extreme limit of the manifestation of Divine power in weakness, to which the arm of God Him self eould reach. BLESSED ART THOU AMONG WOMEN. The Angel, radiant with great light, Buch as shines not in this world, saluted the Blessed Virgin is words of eulogy which exhaust all measure of praise : ' Hail, full of grace, the Lord is with thee ; blessed art thou among women.' In the Latin word ' Ave' we have probably a near approach to the very word which, in the Jewish language of those days, was the salutation used by the Angel. He addresses the BlesBed Virgin, not in the ordinary familiar form, 'Peace be unto you,' but he uses the special form, ?' Hawe,' reserved for those who were invested with high dignity. Th« words 'full of grace' imply that the Blessed Virgin like an oceanof heavenly blessings embraced in her privileged soul all the distinctive graces dis tributed among the Angels and Saints. The learned Origen remarks that the Greek word here used by the Evangelist is not applied to any other, and that it presents the Blessed Virgin to us as subsisting by the outfit of heavenly graces conferred on her. These imply first, that the Blessed Virgin, by the gift of supernatural grace, is free entirely from all stain of sin, original or actual, mortal or : venial ; secondly, that this heavenly gift with all its fuitfulness of virtues was conferred on her in a measure befitting the high dignity that awaited her, and far surpassing the accumulated graces bestowed on all other creatures ; and, thirdly, a perfect cor respondence on her part to the graces received, ' which thus became an ever-increasing source of merit at every moment of her mortal life. The Angel adds : ' The Lord is with thee.' He was with Our Blessed Lady, by protecting her abso lutely and completely from every assault of Satan and from all evil ; and further by guiding and con trolling her faculties and her actions in every path of perfection ; and finally by taking to Himself our human nature in her thrice-blessed womb. She is ' blessed among women,' for she was crowned with all the dignity of the most exalted Virginity, together with all the privileges of the most fruitful motherhood. A MIRACLE OF THE MOST HIGH. The Blessed Virgin in the lowly consciousness of true humility was overwhelmed with confusion at these words of eulogy, but the Angel, to remove her fears, said to her: 'Fear not, Mary, for thou hast found, grace with God.' And he added a distinct statement of the incomparable privilege that awaited her of being the mother of the long promised Redeemer :, ?? Thou shalt bring forth a Son, and thou shalt call His name Jesus. He shall be great, and He shall be called the Son of the ??'?^ Most High.' But the Blessed Virgin has linked her affections to God by the vow of virginity; she will not forego this privilege, and she asks how then shall the Angel's words be accomplished. He ' reassures her by the announcement that all would be accomplished by the power and miracle of the Most High: 'The Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the Most High shall over shackow thee ; and therefore the Holy One which shall be born of thee shall be called the Son of God.' The great mystery of the Incarnation bein^ thus unfolded to her, she gives her consent in words expressive at the same time of humility and of perfect submission to God's merciful appoint ment: 'Behold the handmaid of the Lord ; be it done to Me according to thy word.' (Luke i., 38.) But it will be asked why this embassy from heaven to earth, from the Creator to the creature ? Why those words of highest eulogy addressed by ; an Archangel to an humble maiden of Nazareth? It is that the plenitude of time has come, marked out in the designs of God's Mercy for the redemp tion of man ; and now the prophecy of Isaiah shall be fulfilled : ' Behold a virgin shall conceive and bear a son, and He shall beJEmmanuel, that ib, God with us.' THE DIGNITY OF THE MOTHER OF GOD. The Blessed Virgin becomes the Mother of God, and all this honour is shown to her, and all those graces are conferred, because such were'.befitting the most exalted, the most sacred, the most incommuni cable office in the work of Redemption which she was called to discharge. The dignity of Mother of God is the compendium of all her privileges, the source of all the other titles in which heaven and earth love to addrees her. When we salute her as Mother of God, we profess our faith in three great truths, which form the immovable foundation on which the whole mystery of Redemption rests. 1st. That the Redeemer is true man, c:othed with our nature taken in her womb, otherwise she would not be a mother — 2nd, that He is truly God, else she were not the Mother of God — and 3rd, that there is but the one Divine Person in the two natures. In other words, the Second Person of the Most Holy Trinity, the Word of God, who in His Divine nature is from all eternity begotten of the Father and consubstantial with Him, was in the fulness of time again begotten as man, by being born of the Virgin, thus taking to Himself from her material womb, a human nature of the same sub stance with hers. CATHOLIC DOCTRINE DISTORTED. Those who impugn the Catholic doctrine up braid us with the reproach that we make the Blessed Virgin the mother- of the Deity. This, however, is to misconceive the teaching of Catholic Faith. The Blessed Virgin is not the mother of the Deity, for the Deity is infinite and eternal. Her maternity is temporal, but He who is eternal chose to make her His mother in His human nature when He decreed to become man like unto us, thus by an infinite outpouring of mercy to accomplish the work of our Redemption. The humble maiden of Nazar eth, under the overshadowing of the Holy Ghost, by communicating ''to the Second Person of the Adorable Trinity, as mothers do, a true human nature of the same substance with her own, becomes thereby really and truly His Mother. But if the Blessed Virgin has been in the mys terious ways of Divine mercy exalted to the highest dignity of Mother of God, it i3 the privilege of each one of us to salute her with thai, sweetest of all names. She is the Mother of God, but she is Our Mother also. And this is not a mere metaphorical Expression, dowering the Blessed Virgin with duties in our regard and imposing on us a reciprocal affection and love to which no reality corresponds. In the supernatural order she is strictly and rigor ously Our Mother. We are the brothers of Our Savicur by adoption. Sanctifying grace imparts a new life to the soul ; it enlightens the intellect and gives strength to the will, and elevates our whole being to the supernatural order. Now it is through Mary that this supernatural life has come to us, and as she is the true Mother of Our Saviour, it becomes our privilege by adoption, to salute her as Our Mother also. The Fathers of the Church recognize in the mysteries of the Incarnation the counterpart of the scenes of the Garden of Eden. Eve by disobedience brought death on the human race. The -Blessed Virgin reverses the sentence of Eve, and offering to us the fruit of the Tree of Life, restores to ua our lost heritage. Hence it is that the Fathers assign to her in the spiritual order the title of ' Mother of the living,' which in the mate rial order is given to Eve in Holy Writ. The teaching of the Fathers of the first centuries is coai pendiated in the words of St. Epiphanius : 'Through Eve, death and perdition came to us ; through Blessed Mary we have received life and salvation.' OUR MOTHER ALSO. The words of Our Saviour on the cross, though they may appear to be of individual reference, yet, as the Fathers explain, bring with them an echo of blessing to the whole human family. ' Father, forgive them,' appears to plead solely for the executioners, yet it is a prayer of pardon for all poor sinners. 'To-day, thou shalt be with Me in Paradise,' is addressed to the repentant thief on Calvary, but it conveys the joyous sentence of pardon to all repentant souls till the tnd of time. So, too, the words addressed to St. John, ' Behold, thy Mother,' and to the Blessed Virgin, ' Behold, thy Son,' are a message of love, conveyed by the Redeemer to all His chosen children who, till the end of time, would be gathered around His cross ; to all of them He assigns the Blessed Virgin ,as Mother, and in regard to them all He invests the Blessed Virgin with the privileges and loving af fection and watchful vigilance of Mother. Here three queries may be proposed : Does it behove us to honour the Blessed Virgin ? Does it behove us to invoke her intercession ? Does it behove us to set the life of the Blessed Virgin before the faithful, as the type and model of virtue for every Christian soul. The Catholic Church pays every tribute of due piety and devotion to the Blessed Virgin, and reckons it a privilege and aacred duty thuB to honour her. There is, the saying regis tered in the Sacred Scripture: 'He is worthy of honour, whom the King hath a mind to honour' (Esther vi. ii). The King of Kings hath been pleased to honour the Blessed Virgin. An Arch angel is commissioned by Him to be herald to her of the tidings of Redemption. The Eternal Word made man honours her with His obedience and His love. We have learned from the Angel's words how in preparation for the motherhood of the Re deemer she wa9 equipped with the overflowing abundance of all heavenly gifts and graces. What shall we say of the ever-increasing store of blessed ness which accompanied that motherhood. The planets that are nearest the sun partake most of its light and heat, What pure creature was ever privileged to be so intimately associated and united with the Creator as was His Virgin Mother. Even if the Angai's words were not registered in the Gospel for our guidance and instruction, our reason would of itself dictate that when the Re deemer was choosing to Himself a mother among the daughters of Eve, the chosen one would be made worthy of the dignity and privilege about to be conferred upon her. Not that anyone of herself could be worthy of such an office; but that through his bounty she would be equipped with every adornment of heavenly blessing and every Divine gift and grace corresponding to the exalted dignity that was marked out for her. The Apostle in the Apocalypse sees her in vision 'clothed with the tun, and the moon under her feet, and on her head a crown of twelve stars.' The Church salute3 her as ' all fair and comely, leaning on her beloved,' t nd again, radiant, as she is, with light as the sun, and beautiful as the moon, she is declared to be terrible to Satan as an army in battle array. THE GLORTES OF MARY FORE SHADOWED AND REALIZED. In the prophecies of the Old Testament the praise of the Blessed Virgin is linked with the glory of the promised Messiah. In the very first words of cheering hope spoken by God to our fallen race, it is announced that through the merits of her Divine Son she would crush the serpent's head. If Isaiah will set forth the dignity and glory of the true Emmanuel, he ushers in the announcement with the words: 'Behold a virgin shall con ceive.' The Gospel tells ub of the visit of the Blessed Virgin to her cousin, St. Elizabeth. That venerable matron, filled with the Holy Ghost, breaks forth into the sweet words of salutation: 'Blessed art thou among wooaen and blessed is the fruit of thy womb ; and whence is this to me that the mother of my Lord should come to me.' The Virgin her self in response intones her inspired canticle of thanksgiving and of purest joy : ' My soul doth magnify the Lord, : and my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour ; because He hath regarded the humility of His handmaid ; for behold from henceforth all generations shall call Me blessed.' (Luke i., 46.) The Archangel had saluted her as Blessed. Elizabeth, enlightened by the Holy Ghost, had again proclaimed her Blessed. In prophetic vision the Virgin herself, Divinely inspired, now announces thatall generations partakers of the graces and blessings of Redemp tion, would chant her praises and record her blessedness. How perfectly, how beautifully has this prophecy been fulfilled in the Catholic Church. From the first century to the present day, genera tion after generation has pronounced her thrice blessed, and nation has vied with nation in extoll ing her privileges and setting forth her praise. In the Catholic Church alone the prediction of the Holy Spirit of God has been fulfilled. NOJN-CATHOLIC SECTS REFUSE TO HONOUR HER. Non-Catbolics sects have not only refused to honour her or to pay to her the tribute of their veneration and devotion; but they haye made it a matter of reproach to us Catholics that we are lavish in our praises of her. Every other Scriptural name will be commemorated with eulogy in the Protes tant pulpits, but the praises of Mary will not be heard there for her exalted dignity and unexampled privileges are ignored. Is not this a manifest test of the one true Church of Christ, in which the pro phecy of the Holy Ghost is fulfilled, and in which the Spirit of God abides. Once again the title of blessed is given to her. The Redeemer had performed some stupen dous miracles of mercy, and a certain woman, lifting up her voice, cried out to Him : ' Blessed is the womb that bore thee, and the paps that gave tbce suck.' (Luke xi., 27) Here it is manifest the thoughts of the Jewish woman were fixed on the material glory that would redound to such a mother from such a son, and hence the Redeemer takes occasion to set the blessedness of Mary in its true light : 'Yea, rather, blessed are they who hear the word of God, and keep it.' As if He had said: She is blessed indeed in being in a material way the chosen instrument of My Incarnation ; but far more blessed in that her happy soul was conformed in everything to God's holy la'w. And this conveyed a comforting lesson to the disciples that though they could not share the privilege of the Blessed Virgin's maternity, yet by emulating her virtue they could be partakers of her eternal reward. As Venerable Bede paraphrases Our Saviour's words : ' She was happy in being in time the instrument of the Incarnation of the Divine Word, but still happier in being the perpetual guardian of His love.' IS IT LAWFUL TO INVOKE HER AID ? But is it lawful for us to invoke the Blessed Virgin's aid, and may we hope for her intercession in our behalf ? Instinctively the Christian con science replies that the Blessed Virgin and the Saints shall not be invoked by us in vain. A leading Anglican Review (Church Quakterly, Jan., 1899) confesses ' it would be almost inconceivable that thou who in this life had learned to exercise their spiritual capacities in dependence upon God, should on passing through death cease to be able to pray.' The great. Doctor of the Ctiurch, -Sc. Jerome, pre sents the ancient tradition of the Church when he writes : 'If the Apostles and Martyrs, while still in the body, are able to pray for others when they still ought to be full of care for themselves, how much more can- they do so after they have been crowned with victory and triumph. Moyses obtains pardon from God for six hundred thousand armed men, and Stephen, the imitator of his Lord and the first martyr in Christ, begs forgiveness for his per secutors ; and shall their power be less after they have begun to be with Christ ? ' It is a doctrine of the Church, clearly set forth in the Sacred Scripture, that the Angels and Saints in heaven can hear our prayers, and that they have the power and the mission from God to help us. The Apocalypse tells us of the' grace and peace' that come to us from the seven spirits that are be fore God's throne; the souls whom St. John saw reposing under the altar were engaged in prayer ; and we read of an angel who 'came and stood be fore the altar, having a golden censer' ; and ' there was given to him much incense that he should offer of all Saints upon the golden altar which is before the Throne of God.' The patriarchs and prophets are represented as by their intercession averting the wrath of God. To the friends of Job it was said : ' My servant Job shall pray for you ; his face I will accept.' Elias, by his prayers, shut and opened the heavens. The Angel Raphael was not only sent to guide and defend the young Tobias, but he was also bearer of the prayers of the aged Father before God. The paintings of the Catacombs, the inscriptions on the martyrs' tombs, and all the monuments of the early Church attest that our departed brethren are not forgetful of us. Who, therefore, can entertain a doubt that the Blessed Virgin may plead in our be half, and what may we not hope for from the efficacy of her prayers at the throne of her Divine Son r ? . WHY WE PRAY TO OUR LADY. The sanctity of those who pray to the Most High is the measure of the efficacy of their prayers. At the prayer of Moyses the waters of the Red Sea were divided and the children of Israel passed un harmed from the Egyptian bondage ; at Joshua's prayer the sun stands-still and his victory is com pletp; the captive youths of Babylon encompassed themselves with prayer and the flame of the fiery furnace harmed them not ; Daniel by prayer waa delivered from the lions' den ; the faithful of Jeru salem united in prayer, and the prison doors were thrown open, and the Apostle St. Peter was freed from the captivity and death that awaited him. But the Blessed Virgin is the holiest and purest and best of all creatures, most pleasing in the Bight of heaven, most blessed by God. Will not her prayar therefore be most efficacious in our behalf, and through her all- powerful patronage 'will not the choicest gifts of heaven be bestowed upon us ? In the Gospel . narrative the Blessed Virgin is presented to us as the dispensatrix of many of the ineffable blessings that were bestowed. When the shepherds of Bethlehem, in obedience to the Angelic summons, hastened to the crib in which the Redeemer was born, it was the Blessed Virgin who presented the Divine Infant to them. The Magi, led from the distant East by the guidance of a miraculous star, found the Redeemer ?? with Mary, Hisjmother ; and, falling down, they adored ? Him.' Through her patronage the rich gifts which they had brought were presented to the new-born Saviour. Her patronage was seen at- the marriage feast in Cana of Galilee, when at her prayer the first public wondrous miracle was performed by Christ in changing water into wine. When the Redeemer had ascended into heaven and the Apostles were awaiting in Jerusalem the coming of the Paraclete, the Blessed Virgin was present with them, as we read in the Acts of the Apostles t ' They were all persevering in prayer, with Mary, the mother of Jesus.' 'I consider it impossible (writes Cardinal New* nun) for those who believe the Church to be one vast body in heaven and on earth, in which every holy creature of God has his place, and of which prayer is the life, when once they recognize the sanctity and dignity of the Blessed Virgin, not to perceive immediately that her office above is one of perpetual intercession for the faithful militant, and that our very relation to her must be that of clients to a patron, and that, in the eternal enmity which exists between the woman and the.. serpent, while the serpent's strength lies in being the Tempter, the weapon of the Second Eve and Mother of God. is prayer.' THE EFFICACY OF HER PLEADING, The efficacy of Mary's pleading for us exceeds that of the angels, patriarchs, and prophets, in the same degree that her sanctity surpasses theirs. If Our Father in heaven listens to the voice of His servants and accords their petition, /jfrhat can He refuse to her who U His chosen daughter of predi lection and privileged above all to be the Mother of His beloved Son? Sinners though we be, we can help one another by our prayers. How irresistible then must be the pleading of her : who was ever pleasing in His sight, and whose white robe of innocence was never tarnished by the slightest stain or shadow of sin from the first moment of her existence, till she was received by the trium phant angels into heaven. The Fathers of the Church, when speaking of the Blessed Virgin, can hardly find words sufficient to extol her dignity and privileges and to commend her patronage to us. St. Maximus styles her ?' the manna, which is delicate, bright, sweet, and virgin, which, as though coming from heaven, has poured down on all the faithful of the Churches a food pleasanter than honey.' Others salute her as 'the mother of life, of beauty, of majesty,- ...the morning star, the mystical new heavens, the ' fruitful vine* She is the wise woman who hath clad believers, from the fleece of the Lamb born of her, with the clothing of incorruption, and freed them from their spiritual nakedness. St. Ephram writes : ' By her we are translated from death to life.' St. Basil of Salencia : ' She shines out above all the martyrs as the sun above the stars ; she mediates between God and man.' St. Cyril at Ephesus crieg out t ?? Hail Mary, Mother of God, majestic common treasure of the whole world, the lamp unquenchable) the crown of virginity, the „ sceptre of orthodoxy, the indissoluble temple, Mother and Virgin, through whom He in the Holy Gospels is called blessed who cometh in the name of the Lord, through whom the Holy Trinity is sanctified, through whom Angels and Archangels rejoice, demons are put to flight, and the fallen creature is received up into the heavens.' Another Father of the same Council of Ephesus cries out : ' Hail, Mother, clad in light, of the light which never sets } hail, all-undefiled Mother of holiness ; hail most pellucid fountain of the life-giving stream.' Sta Methodius, so famed for piety and learning ; salutes her in the sweet words : Thou, among all created things, visible and invisible, far beyond all, shinest with honour. Happy the root of Jesse, and blessed the house of David in which thou didst bud forth.' TYPE OF HOLINESS AND MODEL OF VIRTUE. The third query remains : Is the Catholic Church wise in presenting the Blessed Virgin to her chil dren as a type of holiness, a model of all those virtues which they should endeavour to realize in their lives? It has been well remarked that Christ's spirit is not the world's spirit ; His ideals are not the world's. To be meek, to be humble, to be pure, to cherish a spirit of dis interestedness and self-sacrifice when there is question of material wealth and human applause, is not what the world asks of its heroes. Hence it is that those who are imbued with the spirit of the world, have a distaste for the lives of the Saints. This anti-Christian spirit, this hostility to the heroes of Christianity, was characteristically dis played amid the harrowing Reformation scenes of the 16th century. The lives of the Saints were held up to ridicule, they were branded aa a bundle of lies and pointed to as a proof of Ca« tholic credulity. And yet the honour shown to the Saints in the Catholic Church, and the narratives of the power of God displayed in the heroic sanctity of the Saint3, lead ua back to the very cradle of Christianity. From the very first days of the faith, the heroism of the Saints was set before the faithful as something worthy of being realized in their own lives, but above all the life of the Blessed Virgin was presented to them as the type of every perfec tion, the model of all virtues. Assuredly, with the exception of Our Blessed Lord, no nobler or brighter pattern could be proposed to us more worthy of our imitation, and looking back on the course of centuries no other model has exercised so salutary an influence as regards society or the family or the individual. What the loved and loving mother is to the Christian family, that the Blessed Virgin has been for nineteen cen turies to the whole Christian commonwealth. Nor does this derogate in any way from the glory due to Our Blessed Lord. The Blessed Virgin is His most perfect mirror ; thus her example gently leads the children of the Churcn to admire and love and imitate in Borne imperfect way those virtues that are dear to God, and make man ?? conformable to the image of His Son. 'Jl St. Ambrose, as far back as the fourth century, held up to the faithful for imi tation the model of the Blessed Virgin's life: ' Let the life of the Blessed Virgin (he said) be ever present to you, in which, as in a mirror, the beauty of chastity and the form of virtue shine forth. She ?was a virgin not only in body, but in mind, who never sullied the pure affection of her heart, by unworthy feelings. She was humble of heart, serious in her conversation, choosing rather to read than to speak. She placed her confidence rather in the prayer of the poor than in the uncertain riches of this world. She was ever intent on her occupa tions, and accustomed to make God rather than man the witness of her thoughts. She injured no one, wished well to all, reverenced age, yielded not to envy, avoided all boasting, followed the dic tates of reason, and loved virtue, There was nothing forward in her looks, bold in her words, or unbe coming in her actions. ? Her carriage was not abrupt, her gait not indolent, her voice not petu lant, so that her very appearance was the picture of her mind, and the figure of piety.' It is impossible to over-estimate the marvellous and far-reaching influence which such a mirror of virtue, such a model of Christian life, has exercised on every Catholic home and every Catholic heart. The 'Golden Legend' (Longfellow) pays a just tribute to this sanctifying influence thus exercised by devotion to the Blessed Mother of God : — 'All hearts are touched and softened at her name ; Alike the bandit with the bloody hand. The priest, the prince, the scholar, and the pea sant, The man of deeds, the visionary dreamer, Pay homage to her as one e\er present. And if our faith had given us nothing more Than this example of all womanhood, So mild, so merciful, so strong, so good, So patient, peaceful, loyal, loving, pure. Thi3 were enough to prove it higher and truer Than all the creeds the world had known before.' OPINIONS OF LECKY AND RUSKIN. One who, in our own day, has been the champion of Rationalism, its eulogist and historian (Lecky), could not refrain from admiring the results achieved by presenting to the world this exalted type and model of virtue : ' The world is governed by ideals (he says), and seldom or never has there been one which has exercised a more salutary influence than the mediaeval idea of the Virgin. All that was best in Europe clustered around it, and it is the origin of many of the purest elements of civilization. There is little doubt that the Catholic reverence of the Virgin has done much to elevate and purify the ideal woman, and to soften the manners of men. It supplied in a great measure the redeeming and ennobling element in a strange amalgamation of licentious and military feeling which was formed around women in the age of chivalry, and which no succeeding change of habit or belief has wholly (-destroyed.' Mr. Euskin, one of the most popular of our writers, when searching for the ideal of perfect ?virtue, can scarcely find words sufficient to com mend this feature of Catholic piety, I am per suaded (he says) that the devotion to ' the Madonna has been one of the noblest and most vital graces of Catholicism, and1 has never been otherwise than ?productive of true holiness of life and purity of .'character. There has probably not been an inno cent cottage-house throughout the length and breadth of JKurope in which the imagined presence of the Madonna has not given sanctity to the * humblest duties and comfort to the sorest trials of the liveB of women. From the moment when the spirit of Christianity had been entirely interpreted to the Western races, the sanctity of womanhood worshipped in the Madonna, and the sanctity of childhood in unity with that of Christ became the light of every honest hearth, and the joy of every 'pure and chastened soul.' THE CHURCH JOYOUSLY PROCLAIMS THE PRIVILEGES OF MAR\\. The spirit which animated the Church in regard to the Blessed Virgin in the early ages of Christen dom was shown at the General Council held at 'JSphesus in the year 430. The number of Bishops who assembled there and the religious enthusiasm with which they proclaime 1 the privileges of Mary and asserted the title of Theotokos, that is, ' Mother of God,' which heresy had impugned, made that Council ever memorable in the annals of the Church. But it was no less memorable for the universal re joicing that its decree awakened throughout Christendom. The whole city was ablaze with illuminations, canticles of joy resounded on every side, the assembled citizens bearing lighted torches accompanied the Prelates to the Cathedral, and the joy thus manifested and the festive thanksgiving then offered to God found an echo in all the churches of the West and the East. The solemn scenes that were witnessed in our own day when the doctrine of the Immaculate Con ception was defined on the 8th of December, 1854, and the joy that then beat in every Catholic heart are a convincing proof that the Church in this 19th century cherishes the same devotion to the Blessed Virgin and is quickened by the same spirit of faith as in the 5th century, that its piety has not grown cold, and that the faithful hail with the Bame enthusiasm of rejoicing each glorious tribute offered to the honour of their heavenly Queen. DOGMATIC DEFINITIONS AND PRO TESTANT DISREGARD OF THE SUPER NATURAL. It should not surprise us that the dogmatic defi nition by which the great Pontiff of holy memory, Pius IX,, gave the seal of the Church's authority to the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception of 'the Blessed Virgin, brought joy to the whole Catholic world. It added to the honour of the Mother of God, sanctioning her puerless privilege, and it gave glory to the Most High, exalting His power and 'wisdom. Perhaps, however, there is no other pri vilege of the Blessed Virgin that some non- Catho- lics, blinded with irreligious prejudice, have so persistently misrepresented and assailed. Preten tious men have not hesitated to write that by this definition of Faith, the. Catholic Church elevated the BleBsed Virgin to a Divine dignity, endowed her with a Divine prerogative, and made her equal to God. And yet all this, quite absurd in itself, is quite repugnant to Catholic teaching. It was in the following words that this consoling doctrine of Catholic piety received the solemn sanction of the Vicar of Christ : ' To the Honour of the Most Holy and Undivided Trinity ; to the ornament and glory of the Virgin Mother of God ; to the exalta tion of the Catholic faith, and to the increase of Christian piety, we define that the doctrine which holds the Blessed Virgin Maiy, in the first moment of her conception to have been by a singular grace and privilege of Almighty God, in virtue of the merits of Jesus Christ, the Redeemer of the human race, preserved free from all stain of original sin, has been revealed by God, and is therefore to be firmly and perpetually believed by all the faith ful.' In promulgating this solemn definition of the Im maculate Conception, the Pope was guided by the Holy Spirit of God, the Spirit of Truth that abides in the Church for ever, and he was strengthened by the Divine prayer of Christ : ?' I have asked for thee that thy faith shall not fail ; do thou confirm thy brethren.' We profess our faith that the Blessed Virgin, by a special privilege of heaven, was exempt from the law of original sin, and in the first moment of her existence, like the first Eve when she came forth from the Creator's hands, was adorned with sanctifying grace. This immunity of Mary from original sin is due to the merits of Christ ; it was a priceless gift of heaven, but it was the fruit of Redemption ; to attain this singular dignity and privilege she, like the re3t of the human race, stood in need of the Redeemer's bounty and mercy although in a more sublime manner. This doctrine of the Immaculate Conception, though not solemnly defined till the present age, yet was from the first implied in the Sacred Scripture, was in. strict harmony with the place assigned to the Blessed Virgin in the great mystery of Redemption, was handed down in tradition by the early Fathers of the Church, and was practically professed by the faithful from age to age. To cite only one witness of this tradition, the ancient liturgies with one accord salute the Blessed Virgin as Immaculate. Thus the liturgy of St. James commemorates her as ' Our Most Holy, Immaculate, and Most Glori ous Lady, Mother of God and ever Virgin.' In the old Maronite Ritual she is invoked as ' Our Holy, ever worthy of praise, and Immaculate Lady.' In the Alexandrian liturgy of St. James she is addressed as ' Most Holy, Most Glorious, Immaculate.' But theie is one feature of the definition of the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception that must not be omitted. This solemn definition lays the axe at the root of the great doctrinal errors of the day. The privilege of the Blessed Virgin convicts the world of heresy and unbelief, and once more is verified her mission as chanted from of old in the sweet anthem by Holy Church : ' Thou, alone, Mother of God, hast destroyed all heresies throughout the whole world.' What are the great religious errors of this century of ours, bo marvellous in its material triumphs, and in its secular splendour ? One of the great evils of the day is that so many outside of the Catholic Church have laid aside the belief in the super natural. Their thoughts and affections are engrossed by the world around them, it schemes of aggrandizement, its material progress, its pursuit of the pleasures of life. In some countries, too, in the very centres of literary life, the errors of the Pelagian heresy, so triumphanly refuted by St. Augustine of old, and so often condemned by the Church, have been revived under new names, in their most deceitful and fatal forms, thus destroying for many souls the hopes of spiritual life. This setting forth of the natural perfection of man, implying as it does the denial of original sin, like an Upas tree, blights the spiritual life of those on whom it casts its baneful shadow. The doctrine of the Immaculate Conception, whilst proclaiming the exemption of the Blessed Virgin, sets before us in the most emphatic way that we all have sinned in Adam, that by original sin, which we inherit from our First Parents, we have forfeited the graces of the supernatural life to which in our first Creation man was elevated by God. Thus error is condemned and Catholic truth proclaimed, PRACTICAL BELIEF IN THE INCARNA TION. Another great evil of the day is the want of practical belief in the Incarnation of Our Saviour, and in the justification that comes to us through the merits of His sacred Passion and Death. Now all Catholic devotion to the Blessed Virgin brings home to our minds and to our hearts, to our belief, and to our love the great mystery of Divine Mercy in the Incarnation of the Redeemer. Every privi lege accorded to her, every virtue of her soul, every gift of grace conferred was a preparation or a consequence of the Eternal Word becoming man. Thus it is that her exalted privilege of the Imma culate Conception brings the ineffably sweet name of Jesus to our lips, and, arrayed though He is in all the splendours of the Deity, sets Him before us as the true living Son of Mary, the Word made flesh, who in the unscrutable ways of an infinite mercy and bounty comes to redeem and sanctify us. It is manifest from this that the honouring of the Blessed Virgin has for its immediate result to pre Berve and promote the knowledge and the love of Our Saviour. Such devotion is the best safeguard and preservation for the Catholic doctrine of the Incarnation, and it imprints this doctrine on the daily worship and practice of the faithful, those sects that in the 16th century separated themselves from the Catholic Church, and under the pretence of [honouring Our Saviour would deny all honour to His chosen Mother, have one by one gradually worked out their erroneous tenets in logical sequence, and rejected the great mystery of the Incarnation, and thus have practically j ustified the pious doctrines of the Catholic faith. On the other hand, wherever genuine devotion to the Blessed Virgin has been preserved, as in the Catholic Church, there the doctrine of the Incarnation has been preserved inviolate. The latest phase of this warfare against the Blessed Virgin is the attempt of some infidel leaders of Higher Criticism to wholly deny her existence, thus the more effectually to cut the ground from under the mystery o£ the Incarna tion, which they desire to impugn. LATEST WARFARE AGAINST THE BLESSED VIRGIN. A clergyman of the Protestant Church, who by enlightened study has laid aside his anti-Catholic prejudice and recognized the sublime dignity of the Blessed Virgin, has published during the past few weeks a just appreciation of this latest war waged at the present day against the Mother of God. ' The Mother of our Lord (he says) is pronounced' to be a fiction, in order to support the charge that the Incarnation is a fiction. Hence the woman blessed above all women ; the woman who has so sublimely exalted all womanhood ; the woman who has given an undying inspiration to Art, Song, and History; the woman who has done more than all other women combined to elevate humanity ; the woman who nursed the Babe of Bethlehem and stood by the Cross of Calvary ; the woman chosen from eternity to be the Mother of God's Sou ; this incomparable woman, in the last analysis of infidel criticism, is simply a fictitious character. '[ he at tack upon Mary is an attack upon the Bible and Christianity. They understand that a supernatural child calls for a supernatural mother, and their war is with the supernatural. They intend to free the world of the supernatural as so much superstition. To rid themselves of a. supernatural Christ-child they repudiate the Virgin. Yet Mary remains to day, in the face of false criticism, with its allies, the infidel and scandalmonger. Mary formB the in destructible foundation of the Divine Incarnation, and all Christians who have the honour of sacred truth at heart and venerate Holy Scripture should be made sensible of the fact that the object in seek ing to debase Mary is to dethrone the Son of God.' EVIDENCES OF OUR LADY'S POWER. But it may be asked, can we produce authentic instances of the Blessed Virgin pleading in our be haif and by her intercession obtaining the favours that were Bought ? There are but few among the faithful who may not refer to their own conscience and experience to justify this appeal to her intercession. But we may interrogate the Gospel itself to set this matter in its true light. You are all familiar with the Gospel narrative of the first great miracle of Our Saviour. I will ask you to come with me in spirit to the little village of Cana, situated, as it is, a few miles from Nazareth, and overlooking a smiling valley that stretches onwards towards the Lake of Galilee. A marriage-feast is being celebrated there which may be regarded as a type or figure of the Marriage-supper of the Lamb. The Blessed Virgin and the disciples are there, and the Redeemer Himself has come to impart to the marriage cere mony, throughout all time, His sanction and His blessing. The festive hall, as usual with the Jews, was profusely adorned, and mirth and gladness re sounded on every side, But there is a pause, and it seems as if a shadow would come over the joyous scene. The Blessed Virgin has learned the cause of anxiety, and she whispers to her Divine Son : 'They have no wine.' It is in a spirit of absolute confidence in His power and mercy that she ha3 breathed the silent prayer. Quickened, by filial love, Our Saviour replies in a Hebrew form of ex pression equivalent to the gentle remonstrance : ?'Why dost thou ask Me this; My hour is not yet come?' But the Blessed Virgin well knows that her prayer has not been made in vain, riihe instructs the servants to do whatever the Redeemer will command. He tells them to fill the large water-vessels that were at hand, according to Jewish usage, and they filled them to the brim. At His blessing the water was instantly changed into wine, as has been so sweetly said, 'the conscious water saw its God and blushed !' nor was this ordinary wine, but the pre siding hosts were able to rejoice in that a precious gift had been given to crown their feast with joy. Such was the efficacy of the silent prayer of the Virgin Mother. The Redeemer's time, marked out for manifesting ^the Divine power by miracles, was not yet come, yet He at her petition performs this stupendous , miracle. It was the first public miracle performed by the Redeemer, and it has been remarked that in a certain measure all the subsequent manifestations of His power in mercy and love were only the un folding of this first miracle granted to the prayer of Mary. The Gospel adds that through this great miracle the disciples believed in Him. Truly, at the prayer of the Blessed Virgin, the glory of God had been shown forth in the Redeemer's person, and His purpose, His mission, and His work were now re vealed to men. Such was the fruitfulness of the Blessed Virgin's prayer. IN THE EARLY AGES OF THE CHURCH, I shall take one other instance from the history of the early ages of the Church. Before the middle of the 3rd century a vision of the Blessed Virgin was vouchsafed to the great ornament of the Eastern Church, St. Gregory Thanmaturgus, renowned alike for his ardent piety and for his singular gift of miracles. The fact to which I refer is related by another illustrious Saint, St. Gregory of Nyssa. The great champion of orthodoxy (he says) was pondering on the truths of faith, and especially on the sacred tenets which the heresies of those days sought to corrupt, and he fervently prayed to God to guide him in the course he should pursue, the bet ter to refute error and to guard the doctrines of Divine faith. Whilst thus, in deepest anxiety, his thoughts were lifted up to heaven, the Blessed Virgin appeared to him in vision and dictated a form of creed in which all the truths on which he pondered were distinctly and concisely set forth. Henceforth, writes St. Gregory of Nyssa, ?? He preached in the Church according to that form of faith bequeathed to posterity, as an inheritance, that heavenly teaching, by 'means of which his people are instructed down to this day, being pre served from jJl heretical evil.' Thus did the Blessed Virgin aid her pious client in his need, and thus did she at the same time confer a lasting blessing on his faithful flock and on the whole Church. HELP OF CHRISTIANS AND PATRON OF THE AUSTRALIAN CHURCH. It is under the title of ' Help of Christians' that the Blessed Virgin is patron of this Cathedral and of the whole Australian Church. May I not then recall two special manifestations of Divine power through her intercession which merited for her that glorious title ? The first was when the threatened dangers to Christendom were averted by the great victory at Lepanto in the year 1571. The Turkish power was then at its zenith. Flushed with a long series of victories, its armies were reckoned well-nigh invincible, and the Sultan, Selim, made it his boast that the time was come when he would feed his horses at the High Altar of St. Peter's. It was preparatory for this result that an immense fleet was organized, thus to secure the mastery at sea and the fall of Cyprus at this very time, and the wholesale massacre of its citizens seemed to foreshadow the fate of Italy and Rome. St. Pius the Fifth was at this time Pope. He left nothing undone to organize a fleet under the command of Don John of Austria, but his chief reliance was on the prayers of the faithful. The Rosary was recited in all the churches of Rome and throughout Christendom ; the faithful were exhorted by penance to appeass God's wrath, and the Blessed Virgin was everywhere invoked that by her intercession victory would attend the arms of Christendom in the approaching struggle. The Christian fleet mustered about 200 galleys, with 30 other vessels and 26,000 troops. The Turkish fleet was for superior, both in ships and troops, numbering more than 300 galleys, with a proportionate army of their best soldiers; and so confident was the Sultan of success that the one instruction he gave the Admiral in command was to capture the whole Christian fleet without de lay and bring it to the Golden Horn. It was on Sunday, the 7th of October, that the fleets met in the Gulf of Lepanto. The victory of the Christian arms was complete, and it has been justly remarked that, insofar as the Mcslem power' at sea was concerned, it was sunk for ever in the waters of Lepanto. One hundred and seventy Turkish galleys were captured ; 100 others were sunk or driven on shore ; 25,000 of their soldiers were slain; and 15,000 Christian slaves were set at liberty. The totai loss of the Christians was a dozen galleys that had been sunk, and about 8000 men, who were either slain in conflict or died of their wounds. At the decisive moment the Pontiff, praying in his oratory in Romr, was favoured with a vision of the Christian tri- ' unaph, and he at once summoned his household to intone with him the ' Te Deum' in thanksgiving. Great was the rejoicing throughout Christendom. The intercession of the Blessed Virgin had obtained this victory, and the faithful in thanksgiving joy fully saluted her as the Help of Christians. A hundred years later the second event oecured on account of which the Church has saluted tho Blessed Virgin under that sweet title. It is no longer by sea, but by land, the Moslem power will seek to subjugate Europe. It was when all seemed lost that the sheen of the Polish lancers was seen on the heights of Calomberg that over looked the Moslem camp. Sobieski by forced marches had led a small army of 20,000 men across the mountains that the Moslem had looked upon a3 impassable, and he was there reinforced by some German troops. The whole Turkish army was at once marshalled in battle array and the invincible banner of the Prophet was unfurled. Nothing, however, could withstand the Polish onset. The Prophet's banner was soon captured. More than 100,000 men were reckoned among the slain in the camp and on the battlefield, and of all the brilliant array that set out from Adrianople to subjugate all Europe to the Moslem sway, only a handful of re fugees found their way back to the Turkish frontier. Vienna was relieved ; Europe was for ever saved from Turkish rule ; the world resounded with the praises of Sobieski, but the hearts or the faithful rejoiced to offer their tributes of thanks giving to theBlessed Virgin whose intercession they had invoked and to whom as a perpetual succour in their extreme need was now decreed the glori ous title of Help of Christians. PROTESTANT PREJUDICE AND MISCON CEPTION. It only remains that I would refer to an accusa tion that is sometimes made by those who are not of the Catholic fold in their efforts to stir up pre judice against our tributes of honour and devotion to the Blessed Virgin. Such devotion, they say, derogates to the homage and adoration due to the Creator. Now it is difficult to conceive an accusa tion more absurd in itself, or more repugnant to Christian feeling than this. All the honour that is shown to the Blessed Virgin redounds to the glory of the Most High. She herself proclaims in her inspired canticle: 'My soul doth magnify the Lord, and my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour. For behold from henceforth all genera tions shall call me blessed.' Can the architect regard as an insult offered to him the praise that is given to the temple which his genius has erected? The living temple of Mary's heart, with its radiance of heavenly light and its manifold adornments, is the work of the Divine Architect giving glory to Iliin and showing forth His power and wisdom. Can the material sun be jealous of the beauteous tint of the lily or the rich fragr.ui.ee of the rose, the fruit of his beneficent rays-? The earth with all its v iried beauty, {lie ocean in its vast expanse, the starry firmament in its brilliant array, all show forth the Creator's* glory : ' Coeli enarrant gloriam Dei.' But what is all this compared to the spiritual comeliness of even one of his Saints, adorned with virtues pur chased by the precious blood of the Lamb : ' «iod is wonderful in His Saints.' But here again, what is the array of the sanctity of the Saints compared to the splendour of holiness with which Mary is enriched, the Queen of all Saints? We 1 may she recount the manifold gifts and privileges 8he has received: 'He that is mighty hath done great things to me, and holy is His name.' She is our tainted nature's solitary boast ; and, so far as acci dental glory can redound to the Creator from the work of His hands, the tribute offered by her sur passes that of all other mere creatures. Such is the Virgin Mother of God, such is our Catholic de votion to her. I may conclude with the words which a true client of Mary, the late Cardinal Newman, in the full fervour of his soul, addressed to her ' Such art thou, Holy Mother, in the creed and in the worship of the Church, the defence of many tenets, the grace and smiling light of every devotion. In thee, O Mary, is fulfilled, as we can bear it, an original purpose of the Most High. He once had meant to come on earth in heavenly glory, but we sinned ; and then He could not Bufely visit us, except with shrouded radiance and bedimmed .majesty, for He was God. So He came Himself in weakness, not in power; and He sent thee a creature in his stead, with a creature's comeliness and lustre suited to our state. And now thy veiy face and form, dear Mother, speak to us of the Eternal ; not like earthly beauty, dangerous to look upon, but like the morning star, which is thy emblem, bright and musical, breathing purity, tell ing of heaven, and infusing peace. O, harbinger of day ! O, hope of the pilgrim ! lead us still aB thou haat led; in the dark night, across the bleak wilder ness, guide us on to Our Lord Jesus, guide us home.' May this blessing of the Redeemer's love be granted to all of us. ?-'. 