StriomTtB-jLjffalUf». j the/boat ,«M doa in which, Mr ttadabj and MM a^tÜLy h»d booked penegee for Melbourne. How many hnoln roaciU uul «itb keen ant o pf.Uon« aad bright bop« on arning toa tiëwlùd reato»; others, and Ussy smm tte l&iolr; ity, to W mbrs ttajittiaippomtÄ. Ol all the paaaengew who on that brightTebwiary morning steamed op to the Sandridge Pier, there «wan (aw more mored by emoflotathan Marian Gonfeby. Buttbey were uonu^fcrhg; emotions which swayed her. Glad ' WM sw beyond'-words to" find herself . once agj nearing the city where her heart's affeoui lay-ead to remember-that it waa as an orpto; absolutely alone* to the woria. Ere she arose that happy morning, ehe guessed' they had entered the beana; per . ceiving that the «hip so longer answered tb the ocean swell; and when she name on dook before breakfast, there to the left abone QaeensoUff-always piipoaMSjang,- always picturesque ; abd si one familiar view after anöther oameintosight, herspirits rose and .a soft color came into'her chseis,' w'tt'oVhaa grown more thin end" pale than we« their wont. BÜ¿tm^a^mm,tfJ^3^ and to the ' heart, there waB-bfie-kue^wat upon not yat «ome^the a#ht*raewWi! înlÏB'worid wnose' memory han^bett erert present and' «pwr whose stra^M' fidelity ' she > hatf -leaned, as uppn "tr i wboWféiinoaapâwaa smre. , M. ", " . MbrtGoíüiby, ybi'Bç'e Wtutóg díSwb tó, breakfast >r fl>6 last 'tfted-^tff^W} *o\ff! It was Hiss Leslie wnoeptte/ ai^eetoe;" from amongst the peanga**: wÇtr weiè intent on spying upon tbtaew%mn.' ' Bsaliy, 1 had hardly' thought of lt-I doubt if I can eat; but I wmmaás^r*i» Oap of coffee, I-oaresey* . What a delightfnl bay-if it is a bay it is more 'like aa inland ocean;'it is so large. Why did you never tell me bow. magnificent it Waaf ' < We seldom talk about Port- Phillip : all the admiration seems to go to its great riyal -Port Jackson. If, we have aM the han. , died inlets whioh adorn Sydney's port, yet here we at least baveeoop» aud'trtnpls 'room 1 to sall our pleasure boats ; and arorrhd the ; bay there are many pleasure places-yóudér'ï tor instance, liée Mordíanlo, where Instve,' joined ïn verypTessarit piornas. Soma ' day, Mies Leslie, 1 hope We shall .tíuV* the; pleasure of sWtígsome of ^eéèbbow^ places in company.' - .. " . A wish which Mariâu's bompauloh' gladly < shared. Tbenlbey betook tfcem'stívfí' oáfié' mort tô the breaVbtet table, where; However; Harlairaat fotwdya few minutait; ,SBe Was reaUy too «cited to'mbre than Snake a pre ten oe bf eating. Soon she Wat on deck afreta, looking anxiously to the landing point, wondering would bè be there. Yes,'George was there with ejes bot for one ' individual in the worn, wondering oould yt indeed be possible that the" hoer had come when be should meat again the woman he loved, never (ss he boned) to be parted more. And how would abe'seem? What change had the years madef How should he meet her F Would abe forgive him the warmth of the embVaoe that bis arms were longing to perform f Wohld the neverest bf fathers be at her side po veto more than the common, most formal haod-ehake f Did ever vessel take so long to moor F Was ever «ador slower? Was ever' hawser more awkwardiy'bandied f Was ever any body or any orowS less in a hurry F . . . Then, at length, the ocean-linèr wak along tide, and one amongst the host of landsmen and lan de women scanned the line bf laces which leaned over the taffrail, and then forward to amidships; but there wea no sign of the f soe he sought. What if Marian wete not aboard F How should he bear the disappointment? So soon its the little bridge was thrown across George wak one of the first to get on deok. booking to> right and left of bim, George walked to and fro amongst the passengers. He moat ask" somebody-yet whom F-they were all either eagerly talking amongst themselves, or equally engaged in looking for people. When at length be did venture mask, be found he had enquired of one who, like himself, bad just oome aboard, at whioh they both , laughed. Then hie had the look to run across thè purser, and was told that there «as a Hiss Goniaby aboard. . . Now, what a quickening cf the pulse-what a rush ¿if the blood ! Hanan was really there -on . this same ship as be stood - upon. Surely she would be on deck, be thought ; but Marian bad a few moments before gone down to the saloon. Perhaps there was a great lump ' in her throat ; perhaps ehe wished to avoid the bustle and crowd of the deok. Perohanoe, some instinct told her it would be better to be a little, apart if ber lover sought her. She realised bow. very: much alone she was. Shs bad come very far to him; she would withdraw a little now-it was just womanly-and jabe sat down and felt the throbbing of ber heart. . ' If he is here he will soon find ? me. . Oh,. how trying the moment. . He does not come. . Perhaps he was not advise* of the steamer, being sigtaUed. . F«fty thlngs could keep him . I will go above; . . No, I will sit still a minute lonaer. . I am positively the only soot in ibu big .saloon. . How odd it looks-even ridicu lous. . I am sure it does. . I will go above 1' Harlan was proceeding with this intent, when-whistling as he caire-George" knew lit was a feigned whistle, just: as the big'&oy; who is not afraid of ghosts knows ne Js humbugging when be wblstles foif cmupany jin a lonely spot-there he came,; tapping down the companion way . George t' 'Marie, dear Marie !' Her earaharged heart was so full, bis. arms were about her waist and neck, and there was no one to come between. . The emotions are as the pump of the affections, and in great grief or joy with women, the . windows of the soul' let forth the fountain ot the heart. * Marian, my love, look np I' said George, but she nestled the oloeer to him, and spbbed oonvulsmly on his shoulder. Not till she oould look at him steadily did 'she raise her. -tear BtaicOd fsoe to bis, arid be kissed it i again and again until he declared be teated I the saltness bf the tears ! 'Ton are fresh from the sea-ra'rsgnlar I salt 1 Bat come,. darling, is there any 1 troubleP < forgive me, George, these were oof tears of trouble but of joy. I know, ¿V is very foolish, bat I reilly, oonld' ¿ot beloit. . .Yèt'l have' bad trouble- great trooble" and 1 'TeUme auaboht'it, dearest.' Hs led her toa seat, looked steadily, into j ber eyes, abd reid tilers traces of what Marian had expWenead upon the voyage. ' Ton do not a>k for my father, ÖtprgeP' ' That ie bsd manner« I admit, love ; bat you wül believe me when I say, I bad no thought for a soul on. earth but you, Halie ; and I'm really thankful to the. governor for this respite. How is her 1 Toa will never see bim more, George.' He is dead * ' ftur father is dead F Good beavens, yon surprise me !' Teen she told him the story- of Hr Oonbbyfa illness ead death and' buHkl in the Bed Sea. And George took Marian agaio in hts arms; and Mased and caressed hèsV; ' and bl .waartoo disingenuous to be' otiftr' {Bm* idevoutlv thankful that a grtkt pSIfÄ aba' rest and surety bad fallen opott tBem.' Pur Heaven 4ui(df seemed td hare-remlrvM tTft' hand that so lon* bau withhttd' th1*1 woman' he ioofrad to util-bis: o wu. They were speeding in the1 tram''te toeh old hom«. What if there ware ourlons eyes F What if George WM-semi by ott»'. p anions who knew him, but wtentrbaTl'i'/er saw F There are times when We wauk upon air, when our spirits «OM as3tvth% lofty tight of' tbs s^e, andthB lhttebomttbh^^ of time and eena« peas unperceived. By the time they reeeheu Prahran George bad fived, as it were, through au epitome of bis loved one's life from me time they left London to the arrival that morning. It seemed to bim there was little to tell of hiaosaU. The Whiddsn affairs, momentous aa they bad been* Bino* thedeparture of tho < _ .longside the «malert details offecting ony pert of M»rianTe life since ho had asid goon*bye.> Sollie told Marita-whence wjiettedîthe trankt 'iftW ««¡anoulP yoai-teivas, (George f ' T£jryw^a^ 'D^oU .platel Aaditheie is Luton.' tnulaimed Marian, aa Miss Whiddon came eagerly ont to meet them. 'Welcome, a thousand weloomes home. Marian.' 'Thank,yon, darlingTiil, yon are right - thia indeed i/bome, or bot three doors - off,' and they kissed-and kissed and embraced npon the pathway with' utiaffeotedheart inees. m^e eran that reaervatloh,', ''" quite at'home,' ana he led? 1 her in tr1 "nae toi ^tobudriiiesin the city, dy tore hhnsplf away, lea? . with bis motherjsnd two sisters, , ' oondáleooes with Marian's bereave mpt1 were' mingled : with fapoitationa that I sh«'wM'"odoe>a«iun safely with them Daring, the day,, too, «ame Aunt Zlnny, by-whoifi mört-eHOÖve démonstration of dÄght; sy1top«W Marian waa 1 reKlgh bWwhelmed. 'Sort, child,, you are jost the same, thongh-«ob*red,'.Ae (kept on -? saying ; ' bnt little wonder, ? for »yon A have oome through Êial and tribulation; Think the Lord that m-«uw.«»islybaokMtba#,ca^ t yonwo-again j .and '%OTir poor papa-to think that we shall never see bim again I Bnt be was a good and upright and kind mon,'and yon are his only' child.' This latter was said with a perceptible aooent of consolation, after the prudence ot: the worldly, wise, wtuoh-Moritu understood, as. «he also understood that good Aunt Zinny .derived honest ple&snre; from the thought that atlast,- when «ll was said: end done, her foster latnb was well provided for. j Marian did? npt undeceive her, nor say 1 aught otShe'oruel Wr6ng that bod been done her ttrihe mstiérof thè wfli. 'Twas not till George returned, and then late in the evening - When they batt spent many hours together, and Marian had retailed many chapters t>f absorbing interest to her lover, that Bhe name to that part'' affecting her worldly prospects. ' And now. George, I have something to tell yon whioh yoa have « right to know. It will shook you very mach, lam afraid.' * We have grown'rather uBed to shooks j fioanoiol ehboks in particular-in these parts eleoeyou-left, dear.' Re said this with a I Sort of mtmMon «¿what wa« norning. ?Toa have guessed something surely, Qeprge, - but yoa have hardly.guessed the truth. My. father before we left .England made .a will whioh entirely disinherited me 1' 'That wat unfair, omet to yon; bat, darling,' and he held her closely to bim, ' don't yon give two thoughts to it; so for ai I am concerted. You ari here, and you aire to'bo mine-my own, love-and I am more than satisfied. It ls better that yon should not be rich while Iain poor. I should feel it* badly, I assure you. Now we ore on equal terms. We ate young, and the world ' is"faMy before ns. I can keepyon comfort ably, I trust, though not in sffluenoe. . . You really will be mme, darling F' .Needybttask'?' ' It seems too good to be tine. I am positively beside-myself with the joy of it !' ' George,' there is one thing more I have to I tell,* and otarían then recounted the mabins: I <ft a new will at-the last moment, whioh bbl ' I needed the signature to complete the total I rectification ot the wrongihothad been done. ' That wat ' touch and go' for a fortune and no'mistake,' exclaimed tte happy, lover. r'. But tell me, Marian, that you do not mind j-that you will not letthls trouble yon when I all else is now plain sailing in front of ns ?' '1 really have not troubled about it, George, reata, I think, honestly say I am not mercenary, yet it does seem rasher hard, and I am sorry for your sake !' ' Then you must not be-I will not allow I ft I' ' The captain and the doctor were Very, very kind. They quite interested themselves in me when they-understood'how matters stood, and the captain told me when at Colombo- I ambare I did not wish him to do it-that he had written an account of the whole affair to unole Gonisbv, whom be thinks-bat I do not oonnt on anything It'U the better way-is it not, dear ?' ' («alte the better way, darling.' ' Your uncle «tandi ss the heir, and will I inherit ybar-father's wealth. Bat we shall never troublé him, take my word for tt. I [ am fat *ridh*r than hèlnhaving you, darling.' It w»«lover's talk, oed they were notinter tapted. ; If the lost thousands was the price of their freedom thus ¡to lore and wed, they ooaoted they bod the best of the bargain ; they! grudged not . the Joss of the gold in the plenitude of their love. ' I om more glad than 1 can say that you take it «o, George. It is the final proof ff proof were wanting -of three years of devotion-what - the commercial, money* I worshipping world would «all the final and I olinohing teat.' 'Test! You talk wide of tbemark,my I love. You forget youreeli i You do not I know yourself i-a« though any fellow, «my man in Australia, would want any sort of j bribe edon* witbiiubh a pearl-for are yoa I not beycndallpricef" ' Wiiljop. always think so, George f ' ««?wfflib> my-fomt if I do not. . . J Marie, do yon know that there is a wonder* fol, biff, beautiful difference in you !' . A difference P ' Yee, vouareobonged-notiaappeatanoe, I i acaioety any: at all-but m manner. Yon I remember-do you f-that never for two minutes would you let me. bold yon in my' arms: though 1 felt you loved me, yet yon werejlways so-so seared-to unyielding-' ' Well, if you let me go a little-I Shall not run away-there 1-1 ms>y explain this \ «abu« change that you aie pleated to notice I om changed.. Be sure, George, yon do not see more than If eel it. In those far off days I w»s fighting many invalid battles -fighting «elf, fighting prejudice, waning j with traditions ¿ and heaviest ot ail to bear*1 up against was my poor father's bitterness bat'you know about that, George?' (Po be continued.) I The staten est is mode that al ooholia candy ls largely sold in Manchester and other dag lish-towns. It is enifi to be imported from Germany, «nd an analyst deolaw that it eon taine proportionately as mach alcohol ar does bter. | The ate of what is believed io have been j the first Christian oburoh is at Glastonbury.. It is «sid thiat the 'oburoh waa built in the year 69 by, Jose nb of Arimatlo*, whose' | bone« ore said to" ue beneath the spot. Upward« of 100,000 pounds of «nails are eotfei everydayby tbe residents of the gay Pi-etrah eatntul, the «nail markrt being the busiest industrial milt'in Paris. A Swirs eaaety has laid oat an Alpine garden at Montreux: ot an elevation of 6,000 feet, where the characteristic trees and flower» of the oountry are to be cultivated. Experiments seem to show that a huge ocean «teamer, going at nineteen knots an hour, will move more than two miles ofter Its engines here been «topped and reverted. 