THE PEIDE OF THE POMRETS. CHAPTER II. , , 'She's rather a whiniBical Hijtle body j .' you see, weV© spoilt her. Aunt Ellen . came here thirteen years ago, when I ivas a lad of sixteen, and Cliva a mite of five. Colonel Denh'ain, her father, had died a year before in India, whfere iny cousin was born.' !{ , 'I didn't think she was nearly as old y ,'t»sl am).'' \- 'w 'That isn't a great age. You are only t*'\ nineteen, and look much' younger.' - 'How do you know iny age?' Arny Asked, in surprise. .'.'?'????'.'? f ? ! J 'My father told.1 ma Your niother '', % wrote to him after yotur birthy so ; he knew your age.' J 'Did he reply?' she asked, quickly. 'I think, not. He had loved your mother devotedly, and she1 grieved him bitterly. Perhaps, if I tell you the Pom frets are a proud race, it will sum up 1 everything. She looked at him, wjondering if he inherited! this pride. 'Are you proud?' she asked, after a mwntteni. 'I believe I am. Of course, I am not proud- of wealth, but I am. of my spotless ? name and long line of ancestors — men \- . who have been honorable., and women who have been; pure. I am proud, too, of'this old place, and the social position ' the Pomfrets have always held.' 'And that is Pomfrets' pridef she said, musingly. 'Pomfreta' pride is one of the most obstinate things under the.sun,' said a yoioe close' behind -them3 and, looking round, they saw Olive. 'So you have changed your mind, Squirrel?' said Guy, as sfie joined them. \- .'Yes. I didn't see why you should \- monopolise the fresh' air.' 'Wise as usual, Squirrel,' 'her said, in * laughing tone. '? ? ' ; 'Of course, I am always wise. 'What- ever are you looking so astounded at?' she asked, turning to Amy. 'At your name. I thought it was Oliver 'So it is ; but Guy thinks he sees a, likeness in me to a squirrel, so he chris tened me anew.' 'That was many years ago, but the name has olung to her, and I confess I like it,' he said, in a caressing tone, as he laid his hand on her shoulder. ? A deep color, dyed the girl's face and ai softer look stole into it, which Amy noticed and wondered at. 'See, there is uncle. It is something unusual for him to come out after din ner,' die continued, and they all turned to meet the squire. 'Suppose we stroll a little way down the avenue, then Amy will have a better view of the Abbey,' he said, as he joined them. 'You know, it's a very old place, my dear. The Pomfrets are one of the oldest families in England, and the estate has not been impoverished by losses at the gaming-table. It has descended from father to son without mortgage. The Pomfrets are not a spendthrift face.' . Just then he paused in his eulogy, and turned round. 'Now, my dear, you will have an ex cellent view of the Abbey.' ';. At that moment Olive exclaimed :' ? . ? 'Look, Guy! Who is that? How funnily she is dressed!' They all looked in the direction in which Olive pointed, and saw standing about i twelve yards from them the figure of a young girl, dressed in a rich, dark brown satin robe, made in a- very, ancient style. Over it was thrown a long gauze mantle, and a great big bon net surmounted the whole. It had fal len back, revealing a face almost perfect: in its beauty, with a wonderful coquet tish grace ; yet it was not a pleasant face, and in spite of its beauty, there was something that suggested that the en chantress was only, fair outwardly. Standing in full view of the group, her face -wore an expression of mocking triumph. 'Who. is she?' repeated Olive. 'Good heavens ! has she come again,?' muttered the squire, while Guy regarded her with a curiously disturbed air. While they watched her, she seemed to fade away; then the squire drew a deep breath, and went slowly forward. Something in his manner, and the mysterious way in which the figure had disappeared, impressed the others, and not a word was spoken until they en tered the house, when the squire at once proceeded to the library, while the others entered the drawing-room ; then Amy turned to Guy and asked him if what they had seen was a living woman. 'You have seen, the wraith of / the Pomfrets, but there is no cause for fear ; she cannot harm you,' he answered, in a tone which he tried to make:aa light as possible. 'la that the wraith of the Pomfrets?' exclaimed Olive Denham. 'Yes,' 'What ia the legend connected with her? Mother would never tell me, be cause she said undo didn't like it talked about,' said, Olive. ' 'No, my father has disliked any allu sion, to it since my mother's death. Ho says ho saw the wraith very distinctly the night before her death.' 'Do tell us the legend!' pleaded Olive. 'Very well ; but you need not look so very serious. You know all old fam ilies boast of a ghost. Tradition, says our wraith was the wife of a squire Randolph Pomfret, who lived in the reign of Charles, the merry monarch; she was very beautiful, and many years younger than her husband, whom, her friends had forced her to marry while her heart was given to another man of good family, but great poverty. After her marriage, she frequently met this lover in the chestnut avenue, and at last they planned that she should elope with him; so on© night she left the Abbey, intending to meet her lover at the little gate in the woods, where he was to have a carriage waiting, but by some means her husband got to know, and he met her as she waa running down the avenue, and accused her. of unfaithfulness; then he dragged her back to the house, and for three years she was confined in a room, in the west wing, and never al lowed to speak to anyone. The woman who took her food and waited on her was deaf and dumb. At the end of three years she died of a broken heart, it waa said, and at the last she declared that whenever trouble was .coming to the Pomfreta they should see her, and the greater the sorrow the more blithe she would be.' ' . 'Has she always been seen before a trouble eaine?' asked Amy. 'So tradition- says.' (To be continued.) 