IN THE GREENROOM. Sinnotte's local agent, Mr Tom Bragge, is not down with typhoid as was Tumored last week. It is some internal, but not highly dangerous, illness, CLARE'S understands, that is confining the popular Tom to his bed. There was a young dude at Oremorne, Who through love-sickness grew all forlorn, When he said to " Maria " " Do you love Mr .?" She treated his query with scorn." So vigorously did Frank Yorke pound his tambo last Saturday night that he burst it, and Frank shed a tear over the loss of a fond and faithful servant. A Terrace youth lets himself go thusly : Of the Cremorne lady artists Edie Lingurd's ankles are the most neatly turned • Vi Leroy's eyes, the most expressive; Dora Taylor's ciitn the chubbiest and cheekiest; Annetta Bodin's best feature is her mouse's mouth; and Marie Lingard's teeth can speak (and could bite) for themselves."—'I HONMARA. One of the entrants for the South Perth unregistered meeting Hack Race last Saturday—Mr J. Thornton's br. m. Bob Bell. Fame! and to name a mare after Robert, too! It is Ada Baker's own idea entirely . about taking a rest after the current Cremorne week. She has sung for over four months three, sometimes four, songs a night, say 488 turns. And CLARK'S tips her to go a bigger success than ever upon her reappearance. Whoa, Johnnie-u-ary, Whoa! There will be no holding the local small-boy-cuffand- collar-regular-reserved-seaters' brigade when, as is not improbable, the Pollard Opera Troupe comes this way. Ivy Scott hab been doing, in Adelaide, a realistic impersonation of Mrs Brown Potter's dramatic style. The Town-hall Saturday night popular pops, should catch on. Variety is the spice of entertainment, a fact the management should not lose sight of. Frank Yorke so broke up one male individual in front at Cremorne last Satur- day that the aforesaid m.i. went into a condition verging on hysterics v and had to be 'carried out. \orke's "Whoa, January, whoa," is'enough to make a inummy mirthfull , Dear CLARE'S : Joe'Cowan doesn't make a bad " Vat ain I " pawnbroker at all in the Cremorne " Ghost in a Pawnshop" farce, well, he ought to play the part correctly, but the farce would have been a bigger success still if " the only pebble " had been cast as Mr Levy. He's a thoroughbred pawnbroker.—REUBEN FAX. A new and big success of little Ivy Scott's (now with Tommy Hudson in Adelaide) is "Love's billiards," or •• A cannon off the Red" a well-written serio-turn. Edith Moore (who was in " The Golden West" Panto.) Violet Elliot, Altro, Harry Shine, and the Mintons, all of whom have showed in Perth, are in Tommy Hudson's " Surprise Party and Royal Minstrels at the Adelaide Bijou. A brilliant scene, says the S.A* " Register," was witnessed at the Adelaide Theatre Royal on the night of last Thursday week :—At the invitation of Mr Harold Ashton, his Excellency the new-Governor of S.A., Lord Tennyson, signified his intention of being present to witness the performance of the " Forty Thieves," and Messrs Williamson and Musgrove's enterprising representative decided to make the occasion of Lord Tennyson's first visit to an Australian theatre a success. Those who were present know how well he accomplished his object. '1 he entrance was prettily draped with flags, hung like curtains. The rails up the staircase were adorned with Lord Tennyson's colors, red and gold, while palms and ferns and other pot-plants were gracefully placed on the landings and vestibule. The staircases were all carpeted. The Governor's box was railed off, while overhead was a sumptuous canopy of red and gold. The vice-regal party consisted of Lord and Lady Tennyson, Captain Wallington, Mr Alfred Tennyson, and Mdlle. Dussan. On their arrival Lady. Tennyson was presented with a beautiful shower bouquet by the two little fairy policemen, Isabel Hendley and Alma Skinner. A guard of honor of the Permanent Force was stationed at the entrance to the dress-circle. When the party entered the auditorium the whole house rose and cheered, while the band played the National Anthem. The rising of the curtain revealed the whole company, ,admirably grouped, each»member wearing £t rosette of red and gold. The audience, still standing, Miss Francis Adler .stepped forward and sang the first verse of the National Anthem, and the company joined in the caorus. Mr Wybert Reeve then walked on to the stage and read the following address of welcome, written by Mr Albert Goldberg (who was for some months on the staff of the " West Australian):— Your Excellency— Ere miithful jest we make in rugged rhyme, And feast the eyes on festive pantomime, We greeting give on your first visit here With words, however poor, at least sincere ; Our hearts respond, sustained by loyal fire, The son to honor of of a world-famed sire. Would we could speak th' immortal glories won By the poetic lore of Tennyson. Then might we . on such golden fancies dwell. Enshrined in music, thus our feelings tell. " Music that gentler on the spirit lies Than tir'd eyelids upon tir'd eyes ;" So speaks the bard, and we would fain pou rt ray The words divine, writ in the poet's lay. Alas, we can but praise the mind that towers To grander thoughts than ever can be. ours ; No gifts from Nature's casket can we find Richer in treasure than the poet's mind. We welcome you, a poet's son, my Lord! May this new home a pleasant life afford, And, as Governor in this distant lond, Find love and loyalty go haud in hand! May Parliament with you in power allied Find you a friend, philosopher and guide, And may the fulness of your learning yield A. valued sceptre for the State to wield ; (So may your rule live in the minds of men— An age of progress, and far more so wheu Australian unity a fact shall be, Founding a nation in this southern sea. This is the welcome, sir, we give to you, And doubt not that our hearts are leal and true ! No faction cause shall ever cause between Our trust in jou, the love we bear our Queen." (Loud cheers). The. company then sang " Rule Britannia," and an enthusiastic ana brilliant ceremony was ended. The second part turn done by the Lingards this week is one of their best, both being afforded., scope for the-'highest display of their, talents. Miss Marie Lingard's dance is remarkably clever, while Miss Edie's song, " The (Jail Boy," emphasises a theory that we have advanced before now—that she uses her talent.for character songs all too little. The " cinematograph go " between Fitzsimmons and Corbett (Carney and Loel) was something more than a stage show, both men displaying considerable eagerness to "get home." Carney proved himself the more active and clever, but the erstwhile Melbourne footballer emulated the adamantine, and would doubtless be the more dangerous man to meet in real earnest. The cable recently brought word that the Countess Russell had scored a success in Miss Ellaline Terriss' part in " The Runaway Girl," which was being produced by George Edwardes' touring company in the English provinces. The latest London " M.A.P." says that the lady has been coquetting with the stage for several years. At the date of her first matrimonial petition she seriously contemplated adopting the music-hall profession tor a space, according to the measure of her success. The negotiations, which ultimately fell through, led lo an oflFer of £40 a wfek from a well-known " syndicate" hall, the management of which was very anxious to close with her ladyship. But she shirked the decisive step at the last moment, and the contracts were never signed. If it be true (adds the same journal) that connection with a cause celebre assures success in things theatrical, the Countess Russell should make a colossal hit. Miss Catherine Stewart, who was here with the Cartwright Company, has joined Arthur Bouchier's company, and was appearing as Lady Margaret in a piece called " Brother Officers " at the Theatre Royal, Birmingham, when the mail left. An interesting incident in a recent performance of " Olivia" at the Coronet Theatre, Notting-hill-gate, London, was the debut of Miss Rosemary Craig, Miss Ellen Terry's little granddaughter, who played one of the children in the piece very prettily indeed, and pleased everybody by her artless grace and simplicity. 