??#&$ j^wtoftw* lick of the Woods. CHAPTER III. ' Captain,' said the older Bruce, ' you don't seem to understand the affa'r altogether ; but if you wore to ask Tom about the Jibbenainosay till doomadiw. he could tell you no more than he has told already. You must know, thar's a cream1' of some sort or Other that ranges the woods round about our station h'yar, keeping a sort of guard ovor us like, and killing all the brute Injuns that ar' onlueky enough to corns in his way, besides scalping thoip and marking them with his mark. The Injuns, call him Jib btnainosay, or a word of that natur', which them that know more about tho Injun gabble than I do, say, means tho Spirifc-that-walks ; and if we can be lieve any such lying devils as Injuns (which I am loath to do, for the truth ar'nt in 'em), lie is neither man nor beast, lint a groat ghost or devil that knife cannot harm nor bullet touch ; »nd they have' always had an idea that our fort h'yar in partickelar, and the country round about, war under his friendly protection — many thanks to him, whether he be a devil or not ; for that whar the reason the savages so soon left off a worrying of us.' ' It is possible,' *aid Roland, ' that any one can believe such an ab snre story 1' ' Why not V said Brnce, »toutly. 'Thar's the Injuns themselves, Shaw noes, Hurons, Delawarea, and all, — but partickelarly the ? bhawnees, tor he beats all creation a-killing of Shaw nees,-— that believe in him, and hold . him in such etarnal dread, that thar's scarce a brute of 'om has come within ten miles of the station h'yar this three y'ar; because as how, ho haunts about our Woods h'yar in particklar, and kills 'em wheresomever he catches 'eiri, — especially the Shawnees, as I said afore, against which the creatur' li*g a most butchering spite ; and there's them among tho other tribes that call him Shwneowannaween, or the Howl of the Shawnees, because of his keeping them over a-howling. . And thar's his marks, captain, — what do you make of that ? 'When you find aH Injun lying scalped and toma hawked, jt stands to reason thar war something to kill him 1' 'Ay, truly,' snid Forrester ; ' but I think you have human being enough to give the credit to, without referring it to a «upernatwr*l one.' 'Stranger,' said Big Tom Bruce . the younger, with a sagacious nod, 'when yeu kill an Injun yourself, I reckon, — meaning no offence — you will- be willing to take all the honour , that can come of it, without leaving it to be scrambled after by others. Thar'» no man 'arns a scalp in Kentucky, with out taking great pains to show it to his neighbours.' 'And besides, captain,' said the fat her, rery gravely, 'thav are men among u« who hare seen tho Greatur' !' ? 'That/' said Roland, who perceived his aew friends were not well pleased with his incredulity, 'it an argument I can resist no longer.' ' Thar war Ben Jones, and Samuel Sharp, and Peter Small-eye, and a dozen more, who all had a glimpse of him stalking through tho woods, at different tiraei ; and, they agree lie .' looks more: like a devil nor a mortal man, — a great tall fellow, with horn* and a hairy head like a buffalo-bull, and a little devil that looks like a black Tat'v, that walks before him to point out the way. He war always found in tho deepest forests, and that'* the reason we call him Nick of tho ? Woods ; wharby we mean Old Nick of the Woods ; for we hold him to be the devil, though a friendly one to all but Injuns. Now, captain, I war never superstitious in my life, — ? -but J go my doath on the Jibbenaino aay! I never seed the creatur' himself, but ' I hare aeen, iu my time, fcivo different sarages of his killing. It's a sure sign, if you see him in the woods, that thar's Injuns at hand : and it's a . good sign when you find his mark without seeing himself, for then you may be sure the brutes are off, — for .. they cau:t stand old Nick of the Woods no how ! At first, ho war nevor h'arh or afar from our station ; but ho has begun to widen his range. Last year he left his marks down Salt River ia Jefferson and now, you see, he is striking game north of the Kentucky ; and I've h'ard of them that say he kills Shawnees even in their own country ; thougli consarning that I'll not be so partickelar. No, no, Cap tain, thar's no mistake in Nick of the Woods ; and if you are so minded, we will go and h'ar the whole news of him. But, I say, Tom,' continued the Kentuckian, as the three left the porch together, ' who brought the news 1' ' Captain Ralph, — Roaring Ralph' £?tacbpole,' replied Tom Bruce, with a knowing and humourour look. ' What V cried the father, in sudden alarmj; ' Look to the horses, Tom !' 'I will,' said the youth, laughing : u it war no »ooner known that Captain Ralph war among u* than it was L'esolxed to hurt) six Regulars in tiw range all night ! Thar's some of these new colt* (not to speak of our own creature), and especially that blooded brown beast of the captain's, which the nigger calls Brown Briery, or 'Some s»ch name, would sot a better naaa fchan Roaring Ralph Stackpole't mouth ? ? watering,' 'And who,' said Roland, 'i* lioar injj Ralph Stacltpole ! and what lias he to do with l»rown Rriaruns V 'A |iro]icr follow as c.vvv you .-.aw,' replied Tom, approfingly: -'killed two Injuns otiw, single-handed, on Hear tiniss, and lia-- .stolen more horses from thorn thanav1 another man in Kentucky. A prime creatur' ! but ho has his j fault, poor fellow, and sometimes mis- 1 takes a Christian's horse for an Injun's, thar's tho truth of it !' 'And such scoundrels you uiako of ficers of 1 ' demanded the soldeir, in dignantly, ' Oh,' said the elder Bruee, ' tha's no reggelar commission in the cane. But whar thar's a knot of our poor folks out of horses, and inclinod to stoal a lot from tho Shawnees (which is all fa'r plundering, you see for, tha'r not a horso among them, the brutes, that they did not steal from Kontucky),they send for Roaring Ralph and make him their captain ; and a capital one he is too, being all fight from top to bottom; and as for the stealing part, tha'r no one can equal him. * Butas Tom says, he sometimes doos make mistakes, having stolen horses so often from the Injuns, he can scarce keep his hands off a Christian's, and that makes us wrathy.' By this time the speakers had reached the gate of the fort, aad passed among the cabins outside where they found a throng of the villages, surrounding tho captain of horse-thieves, and listening with great edification to, and deriving no little amusement from, his account of the last achievement of the Jibbenainosay. Of this, as it related no more than the young Bruce had already repeated, — namely, that, while riding that morning from the north side, he had stumbled upon the corse of an Indian, which bore all the marks of having been a late victim to the wandering demon of the woods, — we shall say nothing ; but the appearance and conduct of the narrator, one of the first, and perhaps the parent, of the race of men who have made Salt River so renowned in story, were such as to demand a less summary notice. He was stout, bandy-legged, broad-shouldered,' and bullrheaded, ugly, and villanous, of look : yet with an impudentj swagger ing, joyous self-esteem traced in every feature and expressed in every action of body, that rather disposed the be holder to laugh than to be dis. pleased at his appearance. An old blankefc- coat, or wrap-rascal, once white, but now of the muddy brown hue that stained his visage— and once also of sufficient length to defend his legs, thougli the skirts had long since baen. transferred to the cuffs and el bows where they appeared in huge patches — covered the upper part of his body; while the lower boasted a pair of buckin breeches and leather wrappers, somewhat its junior in age, but its rival in mud and maculation. An old round fur hat, intended originally for a boy, and only made to fit his head by being split iu sundry places at the bottom, thus leaving a dozen, yawning gaps, through -which, as through tho chinks of a, lattice, stole out as many stiff bunches of black hair, gave to the capital excrescence an air as ridiculous as it was truly un couth ; which was not a little increased Vy the abscence on one side of the brim, and by a loose fragment of it hanging down on the other. To give something martial to an appearance in other respects so outlandish and ludi crous, he hud his rifle, and other usual equipments of a woodsman, including the knife and tomahawk the first of which he carried in his hand swing ing it about at every moment, with a vigour and apparent carelessness well fitted to discompose a nervous person, had any such hap pened among his auditors. As if there was not enough in his figure, visage, and attire to move the Mirth of a behalder, he added to his other attractions, a variety of gestures and antics of the most extravagant kinds, dancing, leaping, and dodging about, clapping his hands and cracking his heels together, with the activity restlessness, and, we may add, the grace, of a jumping-jack. Such was the worthy, or unworthy, son of Salt River, a man wholly unknown to his tory, though not to local and tradi tionary fame, and much less to the then inhabitants of Bruce's Station, to whom he related his news of the Jib benainosay with what emphasis and importance of tone and manner which are must significanly expressed in the phrase of ' laying down the law.' As soon as he saw the commander of tho station approaching ho cleared the throng around him by a skip and a hop, seized the colonel by the hand, and doing tho same with the soldier, before Roland could repel him, as he would have done, exclaimed, ' Glad to see you, cunnel ; — same to you, stran ger ? What's tho news from Virginne 1 Stranger, my name's Ralph Stackpole, and I'm a ring-tailed squealer !' 'Then, Mr. Ralph Stackpole, the ring-tailed squealer,1' said Roland, dis engaging his hand, 'be so good as to pursue your business, without regard ing or taking any notice of me.' 'Tarnal death to me!' cried the captain of horse-thieves, indignant at tho rebuff, ' I'm a gentleman, and my names Fight ! Foot and hand, tooth and nail, claw and mudscraper, knife, gun, and tomahawk, or any othov way ehooKe to take ino, I'm your-? Cocka doodle doo !' And with that tho gon tleinan jumped into the air, and fl ap ped his wings, as much to- the amuse ment of the povoker of his wrath as of any present. 'Come, Ralph,' said the'comniander of the Station, ' whar'd' you steal that brown mar' thar 1' — a question whose abruptness somewhat quelled the fer ment of the man's fury, while it drew a roar of laughter from the lookers on. ' Tlmr it is !' said he, slrickin* an attitude and clapping a hand on his breast, like a man who felt his honour unjustly assailed. ' Steal ! I steal any horse but an Injun's ! Whar's the man dae's insinivato that? Blood and iiiassiicive-uctioii ! whar's the man?' ' .IL'yur,' said Bruce, very coui posely. '1 know that old mar' belong** to Peter Harper, on the' north side.' (TO HE GOVmUKD ) 