kfporting *£ife rUiiF FLOTSAM AND JJBTSA.M. BY " APEMANTUS." I THINK my first paragraph this week must be an apology for a couple of blunders which occurred in last issue, one being a compositor's and the other my own So many critics have pointed out the hardness of the transgressor's path that I am forced to occupy my first space in easing their minds. In the paragraph regarding the record of starters I wrote of the 9.3 carried by Diimio but it appeared Domino ; then, again, I wrote of J. J. Allan haviDg ridden Uungan ; this was a gross blunder 011 my part, as I should have written of his steering Hayseed. To more pleasant matters than apologies, however, and that is the exceedingly successful meeting held on Saturday last by the V. A. 1\C, atCaultield, where everything was served up in Mr. Tom Moule's best form, and it is well to note the capabilities of this great caterer for folks' amusements, just as it is to note Mr Skinner's for folks' appetites. Everything was in favour of a successtul meeting, and that most potent factor, the weather, was simply perfect, so that the attendance of the fair sex was specially, good. It is a well-known fact that where the gowns are there also must the breeks congregate, and assuredly was this the case last Saturday afternoon at Caulfield. The going was first-class indeed, and as numerous (ields took part in the various events the racing was enjoyable. except for the fact that Mr. Vowles had too successfully concealed the winners. THE first item for discussion was the Lilimur Two-year-old Race, which provided eleven contestants. only four failing to toe the mark. The high-priced New Zealand colt Lancaster, by Hotchkiss—Frailty, and. therefore, half brother to Trenton and other celebrities, was made a strong favourite, and as he has been well supported recently for both Derby and Cup, he came in for a lot of gapeseed. Taking Trenton as my guide, 1 am afraid I cannot class Lancaster as in the same division, for the latest appearance of celebrated old Frailty's sons lias eonsiderablj' more daylight than his very close relative, who is now doing stud duty iu England. Moreover, Lancaster is at the present time most decided!}' 011 the big side, and after he had made his appearance 011 the course I was not surprised to find him show a most decided weakening tendency. Indeed, . he had advanced (o 7 to 4, but retired again to threes. This was not on account of weight of money for anything else, for Atbara, who was second favuorite, was at fives, whilst Malvada, lilaud, Gunbarand one or two others had money well written about them tor the public, butone that carried stable and not public coin was Tabilk, about whom the Cambria House stable got as much as fifteens to start with. Dr. L. L. Smith has a very speedy filly in Rescued, who is a niece of her opponent of the day — Atbara — and she cut out the running to the straight, when Malvada assumed command, but only to give way to Tabilk, who won anyhow irom Ingliston, who, like Malvada, is by Malua, sire of Malvolio, who begat the winner, Tabilk : thus the three placed colts are all descendants of the celebrated son of St. Albaus. THE favourite, Lancaster, was really never in the hunt, and finished right do.vn the straight, the unready Heiress being the only one to be abaft the colt so many fondly looked to to lead past the goal. He rati kindly enough, so perhaps we must put it down to his condition. Atbara ran like a rogue, and I shall not be surprised if he turns out one, as 1 was informed his home trial with shoes 011 was equal to that occupied by the race, and yet he was never dangerous. Inglislon and Malvada both ran really well, and I shall be suprised if thej r don't make names for themselves when thoroughly seasoned to racing. Tire Leamington Hurdle Race, which followed, had a couple of dozen coloured on the card, but no less than nine declined the contest. Clamorous, tl e stible companion of Valdis, was the popular scle ;tion, and remained so throughout, but Tin 1 boon was so heavily supported 011 the strength of having held both Disfigured and Ashton safely in a gallop, that he came from tens down to 9 to 2. His jockey was Chris Moore, who has great celebrity 011 the Hat, but as it was his first appearance over jumps in public, considerable curiosity was displayed to note how the new aspirant took his hurdles, and I must say there was only one opinion, and that was that "Chris" was an artist who lias evidently learnt in a good school. He simply never gave anything else in the race a ghost of a show, for he hugged the rails all the way, and Lord Wilton's son hoth jumped and galloped in such prime style that he won quite easily from the .Sydnt-vsiider, .Myrmidon, with the well-hacked Tasmanian, .lunico'. third. Neither Clamorous nor <>o!cliiii(jor was ever dangerous. That usually safe conveyance. Borderer, fell and broke Tom Logan's collarbone, so that both Mooncy and Logan, the Mill Park jumping jockeys, are now laid up with broken collarbones, a specially had bit of luck for the stable in the midst of the jumping season. TUB splendid field of seventeen took part in the Murrumbeena Handicap, the first to be selected by the punters being the Caulfield trained Tiienid, who is by Trident—Enid. 8he iluctuated in the market very much, as after being backed down to threes the retired to lives, only to come again to evens and then go back to tw os. And so far as the race is concerned she ean be straightaway dismissed, as she was never sighted. Town Clock was always very firm in the market, and hoth Goodman. and Loch Fad were supported, whilst 1 fcaw some money invested on JiiridsrjaJe and Bonnie Heather. Detonator and Report—a likely couple, considering Carbinier and Ashton were in the race - made the early running, and after rounding the back Report nude every post a winne-, and kept command to the halfdistance, v here Town Clock challenged him, and his jockey was forced to call "time," for all the strokes of his hands were useless to beat Town Clock, who won really comfortably in the capital time of 2min. JJsee. The Adelaide Birthday Cup winner carried !>. 12. whilst in the Caulfield Cup Hi is round little gentleman has Sib. less, and in the longer event at Fleniington 11 lb. less to carry. He is bound to be well supported for either event if he keeps as well as at present. Thk Ulupna Steeplechase was another good event for speculators, as well as for punters who try to "pick it in twice." No less than ten appeared at the post, but I do not say these ten appeared to try conclusions. Ouyen had th services of J. .]. Allan, and was made favourite, but Blue Peter had a numerous following, whilst Glenkerry was well supported, as was also the Tasmanian, Milan, who looks anything but handsome, and is little better than a galloway, although his home reputation is about equal to that of Britomarte. When the lot had settled into their places Alailboat and Blue Peter took command and led to the straight, when first Glenkerry and then Milan kissed mother earth ; but the pair of leaders still kept in the van, and so they did right around, taking their fences stride for stride, and at the last obstacle it looked as if Mailboat would succeed in obtaining the verdict, for Blue Peter made a huge mistake, but Kennedy was equal to it, and the recovery he made was as good as anything ever seen oil a steeplechase course. Although he lost bume ground, he set all sail after Mailboat, and gradually overhauling thelightweiglit won cleverly, with Ouyen once again third and Albany next. THE Malvina Stakes was really a selling race, and attracted a baker's dozen. As the event was over seven furlongs, it was a treat in comparison with the live-furlong farces usual)v seen in these events. Although thirteen started, only three took any part in the betting, and naturally in a Selling Race they were the only ones to occupy the attention of the judge. They were Konning (7 to 4). Jubilant (4 to I) and Bacchus (0 to 1), 12 to 20 to 1 being obtainable about any of the other ten, thus telling its own tale. Konning and Jubilant were at the distance together, when Konning stumbled, and then Jubilant won very comfortably in the hands ot the crack light-weight, W. Minter. The race was not of too much value to the V.A.T.C, as Jubilant returned to his stable for half-a-century. The Kambrook Handicap was the final event on the programme, and there were no less than eight and twenty starters for this five furlongs dash, and once more was it shown that there is wisdom in old saws, one of which is, " The bigger the field the bigger the certainty," for although he had seven and twenty opponents, punters went baldheaded for Loch *yne, and backed him down to three to one, and very little money at that price, fielders being averse to laying too much against a horse who is the property of their brother metallician, Sol. Green. Gevoer managed to get a big break on his field, and was showing well entering tho straight, when he swung right wide out, and then there was only one in it, and that was Loch Fyne, although he was challenged in the straight by the unlucky Veneda, who again could only take second money. Expert and Oolac were next. Next week I shall be called upon to write my selections for the Caulfield G.N. Hurdle Race, but may state as a preliminary canter in this issue that my present ideas are that tiie winner will come from Valdis, Roseila, Myrmidon, Podarces, The African or Lucid. In the (Steeplechase I favour the chances of Domino, Floater, Irish Stew, Vigil, Troy or Goldfinder. Os Saturday next JMr. A. II. Cox invites hi patrons to the ever-popular Moonee Valley course, where some reallygood entries have been made for the half-dozen events on the programme. As usual on this course, there is bound to be a very big muster of spectators. An enthusiastic sportsman sends us the following:— The quail season, which comes to an end on the 1st August, is still giving fine sport to many. Gippsland as usual was one of the favourite districts this season for quail shooting, but lately the birds, having migrated, were discovered in great numbers about iMurtoa. Breme, Sheep Hills and iVairacknabeal. where fine bags were obtained by the followers of this sport. We heard of a number of quail shot by Colonel Otter, Frank Smart.. Mr. Fay, Mr. Beswick, Mr. Boggio and others. Last week a party of four—M. M Da I.. Posse),|M. D„„„„I LM Vaudc-r kelen, M. Borgel and Dr. Crivelli—almost broke the record by bagging in a short time over 150 quail. t is reported t hat the birds at e now Hying towards opetouii. 