How to Improve the Week=night Seryjice^ ,.«.. A Paper read by the Eev. W. Woolls llutledge before the Monthly Ministers' Meeting at the Centenary Hall. January 9, 1899. The subject allotted to me by the Com mittee is not so large in its scope as those dealt with by my predecessors, but it is, perhaps, more difficult of satisfactory treatment. The week- night service throughout the year was, until a comparatively recent date, a distinc tively Method istic institution ; indeed, a week-night service, that is to say, a regular preaching service, is even now seldom held outside the Methodist Church. In early times this service was frequently held on Monday even ings, and this was probably what gave rise to the remark, attributed to Dr. Adam Clarke, that the Monday night preaching service was an invention of the Devil to kill the preacher. In most places, however, Wednesday or Thurs day evening is the time selected as the most suitable. But in the Methodism of to-day a week- night service occurs four or five times a week. A prayer meeting, a preaching service, a Chris tian Endeavour meeting, three or four classes, and a choir practice, as regular institutions in connection with the same uuuluu, uuxiuuu ub in a, hi lain yu wibiiuub injury in regard to both the attendance and efficiency of one or more of those means of grace. I have heard it publicly complained that the members of our Christian Endeavour societies persistently break their own pledge be cause they fail to attend the mid-week service. But it must b9 borne in mind that in America, which gave birth to the Christian Endeavour movement, and tc whose form of pledge we have, I think, too rigidly adhered, the meetings of the Christian Endeavour Society are held mostly on Sundays, hence the clause referring to the mid week service But in the Australian Methodist Church, with its dissimilar conditions, it is not to be expected chat our young people can attend their own meeting, the preaching service, and the choir practice, as well as other occasional (but too numerous) meetings during the week. OUTSIDE ENGAGEMENTS. In addition to these local engagements there are the denominational gatherings, in which our people feel a praiseworthy interest, and the meetings in connection with outside social and philanthropic movements, which look for support to the members of all sections of the Christian Church. Although the Metho dise week-night service may suffer in the matter of attendance, it is neverthe less a noteworthy and yet not regrettable fact that many, if not all, of these movements owe more to Methodism, as far as the number of actual workers is bUUUCIUlCUj U.UO/11 UU U.UJ' Ut-LlOl. UUULUU IU this colony. As an illustration of this I may mention that a short time ago I attended a meeting of the kind I have referred to, and out of 28 persons pre sent, of all the Protestant denomina tions, 13 were Methodists. Even chat is not an unusually large proportion. A LACK SOMEWHERE. Again, much as we may deplore such a state of things, it cannot be denied that only a small percentage of our congregations feel any desire for a mid week preaching service. It may be from lack of spirituality ; or because they have not accustomed themselves ?f r* o.V.f.QVtrl oil nli o c-*iY«T7i r\a ? r\t* eAm a wi a ~\r think that two sermons on the Sunday suffice for their their needs in that direction. But whatever the reason may be, the experience of, I suppose, all of us is that almost every attempt to improve the attendance at chit service has been most disaspointing in its results Of course, if the only object in view were to get a good attendance in the school-hall every Wednesday or Tb.ur.-day night, it might, perhaps, be done. A series of popular lectures on topics of current interest, by the pastor, assisted by other competent speakers, might, at least for a while, command good audiences ; and when these began to fall off, perhaps a weekly lantern service with'1 ''all seats free and no collection,' might succeed in drawing a crowd. I do not wish to be understood as deprecating the introduction of the popular lecture or the use of the lantern in connection with our congregational gatherings, but they can scarcely be looked upon as having any other than a very doubtful suitability to the social worship which is supposed to be the chief characteristic feature of the week night service. SUGGESTIONS. It becomes a question whether it is ossible to make the week-night preach ing service, as one of several devotional meetings, permanently successful. 1 confess that I am not sufficiently optimistic to hope for any marked or permanent improvement under these conditions. It is stated, however, by some that the lack of interest on the part of our people in the week-night service is due to the lack of interest on the part of the minister. It maj be, in some instances, that ministers do not prepare as carefully as they might for the Wednesday evening ser vice ; but, it is to be feared, that, as a rule, were the week-night sermon pre pared as caretuiiy as tne ounday ser mon, it would, fail to increase the attendance to any appreciable extent or for any lengthened period. On the other hand the minister may feel that his time might be more usefully em ployed, especially in these days when our people are increasingly exacting in their demands for pastoral visitation, than in the preparation of an elaborate discourse to be delivered before ten or a dozen people. A POPULAR SUPPOSITION. It is argued by others that the remedy for small Wednesday night attendances in the school-halls as well as for the half empty condition of the churches on Sunday is plain, wholesome, earnest, soul-saving gospel preaching. Let us have this in the pulpit, we are told, and | the pews will not be empty. The sup.;- position here is, that people are thirsting - for the Gospel and that if they only ; knew where they could go and drink oi i the water of life, so that they might not - 'thirst again,' they would flock \\\% crowds to the fountain. The fact i;| they are not thirsting for the Gospel H The reason is 'the natural man re.| ceiveth not the things of the Spirit oil God for they are foolishness unto him.'! An earnest, faithful Gospel sermon has| little, if any, attraction for the worldly. | minded man. To him the announce-! ment that the Rev. Mr. Blank willg preach next Wednesday evening oni ' Justification of Faith ' would present! no inducement to change, his slippers | for his boots and walk even across the I road to the sauctuary. Not only so, | but even the members of churches J are generally more easily attracted bj % an entertainment than they are by aij Bible-reading. I BRIGHT, BRIEF, AND PRACTICAL. 1 Still, say some, the ' attendance 1 on Wednesday nights might be improved 1 if the minister gave more atten- 1 tion to the service itself. Let him 1 see that the school-hall is not left inl darkness till after the arrival of the hour I for the commencement of the service ; I let him secure some competent person! to act as organist, and, if he cannot cloi it himself, get some one to lead the| singing; let the various parts of the I service be bright as well as brief, not| dolorously slow on the one hand, not| irreverently hasty on the other; let the| sermon be rather expository and prac-l tical than academic, or even doctrinal, | desirable as these last mentioned dis- 1 courses may be at other times. Some| years ago, as the minister of a suburban | church, but now labouring in another;! colony, was approaching the door of the | school-hall where the week-evening ser-| vice was about to be held, he met one of | his flock, a good devout sister who was | as prone to speak her mind, of course | always speaking the truth in love, as she | was regular in her attendance at the;f service. After the usual salutation, the | pastor, in a somewhat apologetic tone, I said, 'I'm not going to preach you a| sermon to-night, I'm just going to gives you a little ' talkee talkee.'' ' I'm| rather glad to hear that,' said the candid | sister, ' for I prefer your ' talkee talkee ' g to your ' preachee preachee.1 ' The| hall door was now reached, and the| pastor was left to his own reflections,! but he had heard enough to do mmi good. Given then a hearty service witbl a practical sermon, and complaints abouti] the attendance would cease. So someS think. 1 SERIES ADDRESSES. H m In some places ministers have taken the|| Sunday-school lesson for the succeeding!! Sunday as the subject of the week- night^ sermou . It is sought in this way to interests the teachers and senior scholars. In I some instances the practice has proved | beneficial, but it is also found that few | of the teachers for whose special benefit I the practice has been adopted, and I almost none of the senior scholars have I continued for any considerable length of | time to attend the week-night service. I In other caseH the minister has given a 1 series of addresses or lecturettes on | such subjects as the Life of Moses, the | or the Travels of St. Paul. They have 1 proved most interesting to those persons i who have attended the services regu- 1 larly, but the number of these has been $ altogether out of proportion to the I expenditure of time on the part of the ^ minister in the preparation of these I special discourses.. , I I A BIBLE READING. ' | A weekly Bible Reading has some- % times been tried, and has proved as | profitable, perhaps, as anything else. | The plan adopted is sometimes as fol- f lows : — The first quarter of an hour, or | perhaps twenty minutes, is spent in | praise and prayer, the minister leaving | others to lead' in prayer. The Gospel | by Matthew is being studied in consecu- 1 tive chapters or portions. The announce- 1 I merit of the particular portion having been made from the pulpit on the pre vious Sunday, the minister reads the portion as announced, and Bibles, from the Sunday-school or Christian Endea vour stock having been previously handed i*ound, the persons present follow the minister in the reading. Then follows the exposition. The minister, who remains sitting, is always the exposi or, but he concludes his general remarks in sufficient time to allow other persons to express their thoughts on the subject, or perhaps to ask some question to which the reading of the chapter or the exposition has given rise in his mind. Debate is not permitted. But some very profitable conversations have been the result. The time Basses too quickly and the service of an hour and a quarter is brought to a close with singing, prayer and the benediction. Such seivices ought to ensure a good attendance, but in a populous suburb with a Sunday congre gation of several hundreds, the attend ance at the week night service has never risen above 30 peisons, and sometimes it is only half that number. IS THERE A REMEDY ? What is to be done ? A godly and intelligent layman, writing to the Methodist a short time ago, suggested that ' it would be immensely better to have one strong, variegated meeting in the week in which prayer shall pre dominate, but which shall contain also exhortation and testimony, than to follow the traditional arrangement of nraver, sermon, and fellowship, on three different evenings in the week.' That may be a wise suggestion, or it may not. But, surely, the promotion of the spiritual life ot the individual member should be the first great aim of the Church, and the second, which is like unto it, is the effectiveness of the Church in its corporate capacity in the carrying on of those enterprises which have been com mitted to her care. If this be so, it is a question well worthy of consideration by pious minds and responsible officers, whether the blending of the preaching service and the prayer meeting and the class meeting into one well-attended, warm-hearted, and Spirit-blest meeting I might not do more to build up the members of the Church, and promote its effectiveness, than half a dozen poorly-attended, drearily-conducted and I spiritually-frozen meetings m which the pious twos and threes heroically endeavour to persuade themselves to believe that 'it is good for us to be here.' The promise of the Master in Matt. xvii. 20 must not be construed into an argument in favour of small gatherings of Christ's disciples, although it is always a comfort to feel that it is not necessary to enquire if there is a quorum present in order to I constitute a meeting sufficiently large to I secure the Saviour's blessing. | AN AMERICAN COMMENT. I Dr. Gladden's oft-quoted new book, ' The Christian Pastor and the Working Church,' has a chapter on ' Tne mid j week service.' Although written from i the standpoint of an American Congre gationalist, the chapter contains some | useful suggestions. To quote one pas | sage, Dr, Gladden fays, ' When they 1 (the mid-week services,) are what they I ought to be, they serve an important purpose in the life of the church. The 1 demand is not supplied by a lecture from ; the pastor ; what is wanted is, that the : people themselves should be trained to i think and express their thoughts on the : great themes of the spiritual life. It is ] well also to connect with these devo -I i.1 ? 1 ? __!?____ ? ll _ J ' ? _1_ ? I Jl_ i uuiitu meetings uonsuiottDions aooui tne various charitable enterprises of the i church, so that prayer and study may j bear fruit in service, and so that work j may be informed by study and conse \ crated by prayer. There is no need to I search history for a warrant for such I services; it is possible that nothing \ closely resembling the best prayer \ meeting of the present day can be found ; in the Apostolic Churches, or in the !- Church of the Middle Ages. It may be : well that social conditions in the earlier i days did not warrant this kind of con s ference.tglf existing social conditions warrant it, and call for it, that is enough. It is to be hoped that we may learn to use many instrumentalities that the early fathers never dreamed of. The life of the Church may be left to develop the forms which are most serviceable.' AN OMISSION IN METHODIST ECONOMY. A question which Australian Metho dists might profitably consider is whether in our week-night services we have not looked upon the reception of the baptism of the Holy Ghost as the end of our coming together rather than as a means to an end ; that end being equipment for service. May I venture to suggest that while in the economy of the Methodist Church ample pro vision has been made for the instruction and strengthening and comforting of its members, there is little provision made for organised effort on the part of the Church in order to extend to the people outside the hand of benevolence and the message of salvation. Have we not confined ourselves too strictly to the enjoyment of the blessing of receiving to the loss of the superior blessing of giving. True, in our churches we give weekly to the support of the cause of God ; but that, for the most part, means the support of those agencies which minister to our own spiritual upbuild ing. The week night service, the prayer meeting and the class meeting are means by which our own souls may grow in grace, and helps by which we may be enabled to ' pass the time of our sojourning herein fear.' But they do not afford any opportunity for con ference in reference to the maintenance Ul UJ-J.U CVUU1Y1U1CO KJL UUO V/UULtjU J.J-1 1UU spiritual and philanthropic departments. The Christian Endeavour organisation may, if it be permissible, teach us a lesson in this direction, for while all its meetings are strictly spiritual and devotional, its members are pledged not only to attend the meetings as a means of grace for benefit of their own souls, but also the machinery is provided which will enable them to do something for the good of others. WHAT IS NEEDED. ' Consecrated service ' ought to be the watchword of every organisation, as well as of every member professing to follow in the footsteps of Jesus Christ. As a section of the Christian Church we hold doctrines which we believe to be more bcnptural than those of any other section ; our standard of spiritual experience is as high and our devotional meetings are as numerous as in any other Church ; but have we, while generating spiritual forces, provided adequate machinery for the utilisation of the motive power thus generated ? When the members of the Church realise that to each individual the com mand is given, ' Son, go work in My vineyard to-day,' when the Church becomes less a spiritual 'At Home' and more a working factory ; less a means of religious recreation, and more a centre of aggressive operations ; less a spiritual boarding-house, and more a spiritual arsenal for the manufacture of weapons for the equipment of an array prepared to go forth to fight against the world, the flesh, and the devil ; when Church members cease to be so many pores of a sponge, only sucking up the water of life, and become so many artesian bores through which the life giving streams may flow out in en riching abundance to all around, then the tpiritual 'wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them, and the desert shall rejoice and blossom as the rose ;' then the mid-week service — no longer deserted — will be the rallying point of the officials and workers of a well organised working church; prayer and Bible exposition and testimony will each have its place, and the members, feeling that they have something to do and something to conjer about will gladly come together for prayer and conference and mutual help, and, above all, a renewal of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Edna: ' If you should try to kiss me sir, I would scream for help.' Charlie : 'But I don't need help,' 