WANDERINGS & PONVSRINQS it* T. N. It gave me great pleasure to meet in Paris the Victorian artist, David Daviea, and in tbe midst of sucb artistic wealth as exhibited in the Louvie. The art treasures of the Louvre, as exhibited that day, were valued al £400,000.000, but I think experts should still further increase the valuation, I went through halls and gnllcrirs stored with sculptures, paintings, and historical relics, and I was more excited and enchanted than Alice in Wonderland. It was not going into one gallery of sculpture and into another of painting. No, it wa9 going into a maze of galleries—a new world crammed with sculpture of all ages and all Countries. Here amongst the antique statuary was the Venus de Milo, the most perfect figure of a woman in the world, not even ex* ccpling the Venus de Medicis of France— The stahie that enchants the world, Which, bending, tries to veil the matchless The mingled beauties of exulting Greece. I was simply bewildered as we passed through gallery after gallery of sculpture, from Egyptian and Assyrian to the modern. The guiae d of bolber l0 gtl us Jong. » hc cliedi .. or £ wiu nol \- ' — - anything. I felt inclined to" say as Hamlet said to the ghost, " 1 will go no further I" Then the guide brought us through the handsome and famous Galerie d' Apollon, where we saw the swords of Charlemagne and St. Louis aod St. Denis and others who murdered peeple for the love of the God of Mctcy. Then we looked out of the window at the end of the room where Charles IX. is said to have potted so many Huguenots as they rushed about helpless and terrified below. There is no douhtthat Charles IX, was bad enough to assassinate anybody in the cowardly manner described, but there is a doubt that the window was there at the time, and the king can be given the benefit of the doubt if that is of any use to him now when he and the victims of Bartholomew's Day have been resolved by time into a few ounces of mother earth. After that we entered the picture galleries. We were in a forest of pictures. Galleries to the right of us, galleries to the left of ns, galleries before and behind us, galleries of every school and of every age. I hardly know whether I was dosed or erased as I gased and passed through these vistas of the masterpieces of Raphael, Titans, Leonardo da Vinci, Paul Veronese, Salvalor Rosa, Carracci, Rubens, Rembrandt, Van Dyck, Mastys, Durer, and all tbe many masters of the oia Italian and Dutch schools. And then there were thousands, it seemed, of French paintings, old and new, and I wanted to gaae awhile at the picture of Claude Lorraine, but the guide kept plucking me with the refrain of—"Come on, or you'll see nothing to-day 1" What, thought I, see nothing in those miles of such psintings. How I envied the Parisians who so pleasantly sauntered along at their leisure, able to devote the whole day to perhaps one little compartment. It was then no wonder to me that the Parisians were so merry, and that they looked forward to the Sunday with sucb pleasure when tbey bad their Louvre and Luxembourg, the grand National library, the museums, the aoological and buanical gardens, tc., all open to them to impruve the mind and rccaperate tbe body. Our guide was right. We could not suy. And so leaving this palace of art treasures (so called, I believe, from the wolves which used to infest the forest there in the days oT King Dagobert, twelve centuries ago) we were soon in the adjoining Tuilleries looking out of the window where a few years ago Napoleon III., the destined monsren of the world, and his empress, used to look out proudly and fondly at the equestrian exercises below of the young prince, who afterwards could not resist the temptation of going out to Africa to murder some black patriots whowere rightly struggling to be free in their own country and to enjoy autonomy after their ides of what home rete should be. "On to the Eiffel Tower" wss now the word. Our driver stopped at tbe Place de la Concorde, and we had a look at tbe obelisk which in 1836 was brought from Egypt and erected there. The Parisian obelisk is taller, and said to be older, than the Cleopatra needle, which dates only as far back 11 Tholhmes III. (1500 B.C.) just when Moses was finishing bis youthful education, But what impressed me perhaps still more in the Place da la Concorde was to see the eight statues, representing eight different towns—Brest, Lyons, Nantes, Bordraux, Rouen, Lille, Maiseilles, and that city which is no longer a French one, Strasburg. The statue of Strasburg is draped in black, and that black is very eloquent. The right of that drapery causes thousands of Frenchmen every day to register a vow that Strasburg will again belong to France, and until it does the mourning will remain and France and Germany can never be other than at daggers drawn waiting tbe chance to strike a fatal blow. In vain the Dowaget Empress of Germany may try to plaster up a friendship) the veiled statue of trasburg points the other way. And then riving put the Palace de P. Elysee, the avorite residence of Napoleon Bonaparte, but now the residence of the President of the French Republic, we went along the noble Avenue des Champs Elvsees, and reacted the great Arch of Triumph, erected by the pn- Smer of St. Helena to celebrate his glorious victories, which resulted in so very little good after all the smoke and bloodshed. There is a splendid view to be had from the top or the Arch «f Triumph, (or eight principal avenues branch out bom it. But we were bound for the Eiffel Tower, up the Avenue de Jena and across the rivet, and so on we drove to that neat triumph oT engineering skul of which 1 must have something to say in my next 