The No-Confidence Debate. THE Assembly want of confidence debate was what ^hey J in the f^rUn^ ^h-gh'oSy.ould say that Tue, day's display was of the first order in merit 1 hree members of the Cabinet-Messrs. Peacock, Dully •Twniinms lounced in at about nine o clock, button ho es They had evidently been dining out somewheretand SirG. Tui ner, in hisplam brown suit, did not appear to relish this haw-haw behaviour. Penitent Peacock went home, changed to his workaday brown clothes, and returned m about an hour\ Mr. Isaacs had stuck loyally to his chief His speech had an a r of special pleading. It was funny to see Mr. Moule rush across the L ? when he bad done, and try to argue both with Mr Isaacs and the Premier. Australian cricketers are in England and an excricketer of experience in England, Mr. Moule, the night sitting of the Le glsat,ve Assembly on Tuesday with his speech on the no confident motion. However, Mr. G, lies eclipsed all on that side. Truly the war-horse made beholders rub their eycB ! He was quite in his form of long ago, in rare buckle. Keen, incisive, logical and vigorous, the very ghosts of Mr. Higinbotham and Sir James M'Cullocli seemed to rise up before him, instead of Sir George Turner sitting at the opposite side of the table, nervously twitching, taking notes with a stump of peDcil, and contemptuously tearing them up, croaking out little interjections, and gradually recovering from the rage into which Air. Murray Smith had wrought him. Mr. Hancock was decidedly missed in the Assembly on Tuesday night. His punctuations would have roused both sides. Mr. Murray could have filled the gap somehow, but chose to be preternaturally solemn, whereat hon. members only smiled the harder. Mr. Murray was laboured and lumbering. Nor did Mr. Deakin touch his most brilliant mark. Perhaps he would have done best to abstain. His entering upon the merits of the ease was palpably off the matter, and no other member but this wizard of tongue could so have charmed members off the track. Mr. Gillies tore him to pieces on that- score, and had the bridle hand of him otherwise'. To say this is not necessarily to say the Opposition had the best case. Sir George Turner has a fine, straightforward fashion of casting off all the Parliamentary buckram, and hitting right out from the shoulder. Certainly Mr. Murray Smith seldom if ever appeared to such disadvantage as in the No Confidence Debate, with his quite stupid jocularity. Where was the point? If Mr. Murray Smith was a Republican, his clumsy fun on Sir George Turner's decorations might have been changed to dazzling thrusts of the rapier, but from a devoted Tory like him, the thing was an absolute puzzle. What Sir George said, in effect, was: " Insult me on that score and you insult the Queen." Very well put, too. His usually amiable assailant evidently saw it. 