The Grey Eagle of the Atlantic. , CHAPTER III. Jack Ghost and Launcelot Morlcy camo in . v ?'?quickly, bnt tliey did not come alono. The sailor had hold of the ear of a strangc ?looking creature-r-an idiotic-looking fellow, ' 'who seemed more than boy and loss than ? man. For ho was long and lanky inform, i but beardless in face, with yellow, uncombod Jjair streaming around his gaunt neck, and thin freckled features. He was barefooted, 'wore on his head the crown of an old straw rliat, for the rim was torn away. The rest of *. i ? ? 1 tr/Kof. -ie IriiAW.i tic n crnfYrnRftTT , JUIS uppuiui vrcto ^ v.w ~ or knit woollen shirt, very dirty and very ? ragged — a pair of old canvas trousers, and '? nothing more. ' ' Who are you, a layin' around o' nights ? to hear what folks are talkin' about. Speak, . you slab-sided shadow, or I'll pull your ear off,' cried Jack Ghost, as he dragged the fellow forward to the light. 'Darnation! Yeou.jest let go — yeou hurt — darn yeour pictur, yeou hurt,' squeaked the crcature in a piteous tone. ' Then tell me who you are, and what you . ' were doin' stretched out there ou a bench like , a sea-sick lob-lolly boy.' 'I was a sleepin'. Hain't a feller got a right to sleep when he's sleepy, an' eat when he's hungry ?' ? , '2 You woke up mighty easy when my leg happened to touch you accidental like. But you haven't told me who you are.' 'I'm Silly Bill, and I catch fish and sell 'em for Steve Crane, and I'd jest like tew see yeou pull his ear like yeou pulled mine, darn , yeour pictur.' 'Oh, you needn't swear any more. I ?didn't hurt, your ear.' ' Yes, yeou did, and sayin' darn isn't awearin'. If I wanted to swear I'd do it easy, for Steve Crane he gives lessons in that.' ' Who is Steve .Crane, and where does he -live?' ? ? ' Steve Crane lives on Crane's Island, and : -catches fish, and I sells 'em.'. ' Why don't he sell 'em ?' ' 'Cause he's got somethin' on the island 'that he don't like tew lose sight of.' ' What, a hidden treasure, or a treasure that he must guard ?' 'Wall, if a gal that's pootier than any pictur yeou ever Seen, is what yeou call a treasure, then that's it. ' A gal ! His daughter ?' asked Jack, curiously. ' He calls her his darter, but his mark ain't on her. He'd turn sweet milk sour if he looked in the pan, and she'd turn vinegar into honey if she'd jest whisper taw it !' ' Where is Crane's Island ?' asked young Morley; ' Don't yeou know ?' said Silly Bill, with a stupid look of wonder. ' If I did I should not ask you.' 'Wall, when yeou're way down the bay -where yeou can hear the surf thunder on the outer reefs and ledges, and are past all the islands but one, yeou'll find Crane's Island. But when yeou find it, stop — don't come on tew it, or old Steve'll shute; jest as sure as CJhris'mas- !' ' Why will he not allow visitors there ?' ' 'Causo he's afeared o' losin' that gal, I guess. Oh, she is pooty, is Miss Reney — pooty as — as I don't know what. But I allers ?want to get on my knees and go to prayin' tew her when I'm where she is, an' he ain't around.' ' Well, my friend' I'm going to see her one of these days. And you can tell her so. But you needn't tell the old man of it.' ' ' Geo wliittaker jewsharp ! Yeou'll go tew see her ?' ' Yes— I have ? said so, and I generally keep my word !' said Launcelot Morley ..gravely. ' Wall, if yeou'ro a comin' and hev got any thing tew leave, jest you may make your will before yeou come^mister.' ' I will, and will leave you some better vdothes than those you wear. By the way, Mrs. Flint, just run up to my room and get the suit I took olf, and givo them to this poor hoy. I shall need thorn no more, and I am :sure ho does !' 'Wastin' on them as is not deservin' is real sinful !' said tho widow, but Bhe went after tho clothe^. It was a nice genteel suit, and not likely to )fit the tall, lean boy very well, for Launcelot Morley was not his lioiglit by sevoral inches, and considerably moro plump. The boy seemed hardly to realize that they ?were indeed meant for him at first, but when ?told so a second time, his light bluo eyes .gleamed with gladness, and his freckled faco ;glowed with pleasure. ' Geo wliittaker jowsharps ! won't I shine ? Won't Miss Reney look at mo now ! Mister .if there's anything on airth Silly Bill can ?ever dew for yeou, he'll dow it, or break his' neck a tryin'.' ' Well, Bill — I'll try you. I feel interested — I scarce know why — in this fair girl who must lead such a hermit lifo .out tlioro. Here w my picture, in a gold locket — you must give it to her when no one else is prdsent and say to her, some day, soon, I will come and get it, without sho wants to keep it and givo mo hors, if sho has one, in exchange. And if you will keep it for yourself, and not let old Crane see it, hero's a golden sovereign for yourself.' ' Geo wliittaker jowsharps ! For me — this is gold for mo ?' 'Yes — and do my errand faithfully!' 'Won't I? I'll tell Miss Reney all about yeou, and when yeou're comin', if I know of it aforehand, I'll wet the primin' in Steve Crane's pistols, and musket tew. See if I don't. Yeou shall have 'leven chances out of a dozen, jest as sure as Chris'mas !' ' Very well. I'll see. you again, or you'll hear from me here whenever you come.' ' If she'd buy fish of me I'd come of'n.' And Silly Bill pointed to the widow. ' Come when you like and I'll buy your fish !' said the widow, encouraged to say so by a peculiar glance from the young officer. ' Then I'll be a goin'. Steve Craue'll give it to me for goin' to sleep, and stayin' so long!' CHAPTER IV. When Silly Bill reached his island home it was very late, or rather early, for it lacked but an hour or two of daylight. Steve Crane was asleep on a settle, so drawn before the unbarred door that any one trying to open it must waken him. ' What kept you so lone:, you lazy cuss ? What kept you so long ? Speak, or I'll wallop the lifo out' of you !'' cried the fisherman, harshly, as he recognized the voice of Bill, asking admission. ' Isold yeour fish, and here's the money for 'em,' said Bill, handing Steve a few shillings in silver. ' What kept you so long ?— that's what I axed you, you freckled whelp o' Beelzebub !' 'Didn't yeou tell me tow sneak around and git the news, and find out what was goin' on ?' 'Yes — what news do, you bring? It had best be worth something, or you'll wish you'd never been born !' ' I'vo wished that a hundred time's, Mister Crane, or that I'd been born dead when I did come. Wouldn't you like tew know somethin' of the Gray Eagle ?' ' Yes — yes, if you've brought news of her — why I'll not speak a harsh word to you for a month.' ' Wall, I seen her goin' right by here not half an hour ago !' ' Do you kuow where she was going ' 'Yes — I hearn a chap they call Jack Ghost, who is cap'n's coxswain aboard of her, say they were a goin' down to Salem. I guess, ~ from what I heard, that he's got a sweetheart down there.' ' Good. Do you know if she will lay there long?' ' Three or four days, I reckon, for she's tew have some marines allowed to her, and they're tew go aboard there.' ' Good ag;. in. Your news is worth a good deal to -me. Wouldn't you like a good glass of grog, Bill ?' 'No, Mister Crane, yeou know I never drink grog.' ' But it's cold, Bill, and yo'u'vo had a long row down the. bay.' ' It weren't hard, for I had the ebb tide tew lift me alon^, Mister Crane. As tew grog, I know I'm a fool, Silly Bill byname and Silly Bill by natur', but I've got sense enough to know it isn't good for me. Yeou jest put a bucket of whisky and a bucket of water afore a lioss, or a cow, or'a hog, or a ox— whioh'll tliey drink F The water or the whisky ?' ' Why, the water, of course.' Then, as^ big a fool as I bo, I ought tew know what is fit tew drink jest as well as them. God made water — he sends down a dew every night tew givo life tew the pooty ^flowers — but Satan made whisky, atid .his' friends are the ones that use it, I'm a thinkin' !' 'That'll do, Bill — belay your jaw-tacklo and go to' bed. If I'm gone' when you wake up, keep a bright look oat. I've got to got a message olf to a friend who is outsido of tho : capes, and I may have to take it myself. If I do, don't you stir tack nor sheet away from hero till- 1 come back. Nor lot anybody land— if you do I'll skin you alive. Do vou hear?' ? J 'I guess I do. Hoarin' hain't been denied tew me, if wit has. So I'll jest turn in all a standm like a trooper's hossi' ? y°ti have a bundlo there ! what's m it?' Jest some clothos a young chap givo me, cause he said it was a shame for me tew so so near naked ! I'll shine now when Sunday comes. ? ? J Sunday, you fool ! — did you evor know a Sunday on this island ?' * q ' T°a'i pran°. didn't we have a bunday last Chris mas ?' 'rthoughtyou'd^0^^!..' No, Mister Crano-I'll not forget it. ou got drunk and blacked my oyes, and dollai?'°nCy °r and Sb mo » bright silver ' Well, you havo got a memory. So to bod with you, and when you wako up remember to obey my orders.' Silly Bill said no moro, but threw himself down on a pilo of dry seaweed in one corner of tho room, while his rough master again stretched himself out on tho settle. Bill couldn't sleep right away, but lio lay there studying out how ho could describe the handsome young officer to Miss Irene — and how ho could manage to get his master out of tho way when the young man made his promised visit to tho island. He was, however, just getting drowsy, when Steve Crane rose and went out of doors. (To le continued.) 