RELIGIOUS ORDERS. The Pope's Recent Letter. Rev. P. E. MA.GBNNIS, B.A., O.C.C., GaWIiER. "That which also is alleged—that the religious life is of little or do benefit to the • Chureli—besides that it is insulting to the religiouB orde/rs, cannot be the opinion of those who have any real knowledge of ecclesiastical history/' It is thuB the head of the Universal Church writes to Cardinal Gibbons. In bo far as thiB remark is applicable to English speaking people, the admonition iB both timely and necessary— to say less would be doing but Boant courtesy to the illustrious personage who now occupies the chair of St. Peter. The trend of thought, which ever affects the thought itself, is the creation of the medinm in which the thought flows. The atmosphere which BurroundB our daily life is not Catholic. The general literature, the press, the platform, when not antago nistic to Catholic thought, are merely libe ral with a liberality which confers no bene fit, nay, rather inflicts injury upon the well springs of our religious life. The idea, whose ghost yet wanders around, that the monks and nuus were incarnations of sensuality and diabolical agency, lived longer than the boasted enlightenment and generosity of the age would lead one to expect, and in dying gave birth to another idea, largely different and yet still retain ing somewhat of the hobgoblin. The audi ence of the " ex-priest" and the " escaped nun " has almost disappeared, but a time there was when a golden harvest could be gathered in by those pseudo maltreated individuals. Even in our own days we have known fathers of families who rigorously excluded from their households the daily paper when painful facts of family life were retailed in it, and yet the " tract" containing mendacious statements as to the morality of conventual and monastic life was eagerly welcomed and treated as sacredly as the " book of common prayer." Catholics and Religious Orders, To the ordinary, well-informed Catholic the place of the religious order in the mighty machinery of the Catholic Church is well understood, but the fact cannot be denied, that there are many Catholics who, either from neglect, or from want of opportunity, or because of unfavorable associations, do not understand this matter as they should. Converts to Catholicity are often well informed, and have high ideas of religious life, yet not a few are found who, only with long striving and . earnest endeavor, can quite shake off the peculiar idea they had contracted from early associations. Docile in matters of dog ma, and well-intentioned in all, in this mat ter they are like to the child who has been frightened by a heedless nurse's threat of spooks, and who, even when grown to man's eBtate, requires all the philosophy he can command to banish the dread. When His Holiness appealed to ecclesias tical hiBtory in support of religious orders, he was not unaware of the fact that Luther was an Augustinian, Bale a Carmelite, Hooper a Cistercian, Bruno a Dominican. From the troublous world men turn their eyes heavenward, although Lucifer once dwelt in high places there; and the faithful heart yearns for companionship at the First Holy Table, although close by the Son of Man reclined " the son of perdition." One, who once enjoyed the society of a common brotherhood, but who wandered away, far away, from the influence of his community, has wisely remarked," He has known mem bers of religious orders who were unworthy of their profession—that goes without say ing ; of what widely extended body may not the same be said ?" Gibbon, in a chap ' tor of his " Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire," where there are painful evidences of the violence done to his early religious convictions, remarks, "The theologian may indulge the pleasing task of describing 1 religion as she descended from heaven ar , rayed in her native purity, A more melan choly duty is imposed on the historian. He must discover the inevitable mixture of \- error and corruption which she contracted in a long residence upon earth among a weak and degenerate race of beings." Taken in a proper Bense, we may accept this assertion ? in the most sacred places, as in his holiest moments, the frailty of man would fain assert itself. ThB H18TOBT of Bblioious Obdxbs. In the present article we make no at tempt at a definition of what a religions order is, and for the present, although theo logically incorrect, we may. assume the monk, the friar, and the member of the con gregation are all one; in fact we speak now of that religious spirit evidenced as also in the communities of women. To those who have a knowledge of ecclesias tical history, the period of which we speak shall be an index to the division spoken of, only of course to a certain extent. For general remarks alone is the admonition neoessary. A writer in the " Contemporary Review " of two years ago, and who, we believe, was a renegade to Catholicity, as he was cer tainly to religious life, writeB: —" Next to the Papacy itself, there is no institution of Latin Christianity that fills' so striking a place in history as do religious orders," and then remarks of the Church of the mediaeval times, " If it is looked upon as the kingdom of Christ on earth, it was in the monasteries that His law was most faithfully observed. If it is conceived as the society in which men are trained for eternal life, the religious orders were its chief school of holiness, in which nearly all its saints were formed. If it is remem bered as the the benefactor of mankind, teaching the arts of civilization to the rude tribes of the north, it was the work of the monks which gained it this renown." - His torians bear testimony to the faithfulnes of this description. "The monks of this period (about the ninth century) were in truth, the propagators of Christianity, the dispensers of its blessings, the pioneers of civilization, the instructors of the people, and the guardians and fosterers of science." (Alzog, vol. ii., chap. 3.) Of the monks of the seventh century we read—"It was from the monasteries of Ireland and Britain, where knowledge was cultivated and fostered with an ardor and love such as religion alone can impart to intellectual pursuits, that thoBe great moral heroes is sued, who, from time to time crossed over to the continent of Europe to revive an ex tinct or to preserve a decaying civilization." The Work of Monasticism. The monks of these centuries, whilst they were accomplishing the design Provi dence had in their own regard, did a mighty work for the Church and for man kind. Although the cloister was, on a small scale, the seat of a university—a sort of polytechnic institute and agricultural college—there was no neglect of those higher duties in which they could realize the nobleness of their vocation, and obtain strength in the hour of spiritual need. It was only in after years, when the cares of the world occupied too much of their time, that the prestige of monasticism became associated with other qualities we dolefully read of. Monasticism, as we find it in the eleventh century, was not able to satisfy the longings of those fervent spirits, who, like Robert of Molesme, Bernard of Claireaux, Bruno of La Chartreuse, and Stephen of Grammont, desired to be so far away from the haunts of men that they could feel they were really alone with God. These men showed to the world, by example, the power of poverty, chastity, and obedience, for the fame of such lives nor cloister, nor desert could limit. Wondrous are the evolutions of the soul in its seeking after that on which it was imaged. The recluse, in his cell telling his beads and singing his matins, and the monk who cries aloud to men in the market place, are one and the same, each providentially supplying a want in the Church. This mode of life was ju&t; such as men should Bee at the time. Every one of these ex traordinary men was as distinguished for intellectual ability as for high spiritu ality ,- the student of ecclesiastical history remembers how the brilliant rationalism of the unfortunate Abelard paled before the saintly science of the monk of Clairveaux. A New Form of the Orders. The century after Bruno's pure spirit winged its flight to its eternal home saw the Churoh of God in sore distress ; in fact, only the promise of the Master that " He would he with His Church until the con summation of the world," could hare com forted the faithful. Not only was the authority of the Church questioned, but hate and scorn were heaped upon its minis ters. A different form of religious life was now required; men were required to mix in the throng of life, to come away from the solitude of the cloister and cry aloud in the market-places, to talk to men as brother to brother, to confound the wisdom of the worldly wise with a wisdom caught from meditation and prayer; to lead an internal life, one hidden from the world, antago nistic to the world, and yet the light of it should so shine that struggling, erring brothers should see that light and glorify the Common Father in heaven. The mer chant's son of AssiBi, and the Spanish Canon were God's instruments this time. The poverty of St. Francis and the preach ing of St. Dominick rescued the world from the voYtex into which it was drifting, and gave to the Church of God a splendour upon which we yet can gaze. The Fbatkes Minores. The poverty of the Fratres Minores did not prevent the growth of intellectual wealth, and the philosopher and theologian of the nineteenth century look with amaze ment on a learning so profound as that -posBeBsedby the41 Subtle Doctor,"so varied as that shown by the " Xrrefragible Doctor " and the "Seraphic Bonaventure." He could lay no pretenBionB to even a cursory knowledge of ecclesiastical science wbo has not heard of the "Angelic Doctor " and his tntor the " Universal Doctor." These friars were giants in intellect and saints' in daily life. The work done by them might be eaid to be imperishable; and now, Biz hundred years after the death ot the most learned of the learned sons of S. Dominick, His Holiness Leo XIII. wishes all professors of theology to follow (admentem) the course hewn out in ecclesiastical knowledge by S. Thomas Aquinas. Epictetus, the pagan philosopher, demanded from him who would acquire the great treasure of right knowledge that he would keep his body pure from the defilements of evil. " For," BayB he, " it is not fitting, nor will the gods allow, that so precious a gift of heaven as is that of wisdom should be borne in a loathsome vessel." The secret of that great intellectual power, which acts upon the world for good, is purity of life, and the silence and seclusion , of the cloister are best favorable to true purity of life. The Rise of the Jesuits. The closing years of the fifteenth cen tury saw a condition of affairs in the Church of G-od which augured no good for succeeding years. Even to the religious orders the words addressed to the angel of the Church of Laodicea might be applied— "Thou sayest: I am rich and made wealthy, and have need of nothing; and knowest not that thou art wretched and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked." The prosperity attending the success of their mission inflicted a blow, from the effects of which, with difficulty, they recovered in after years, even when a purifi cation by cruel sufferings had been under gone. Modelled on the Master's life they had forgotten his warning as to the world and what the real enemy of religious life is, says Alzog (vol. iii. chap., 4.) "The reli gious orders, whose members were more numerous than the secular clergy, showed themselves utterly unequal to the task of grappling with the dangers that menaced the Church." But again another form of religious life came forth, this time conquer ing and to conquer. It is with pride, laud able in every way, that the Catholic his torian relates the deeds of Ignatius of Loyola and the illustrious members of the Society of Jesus. The student of ecclesi astical history loves to trace the progress of that mighty institution from the little band which cast itself at the feet of Paul III., and added to the trifold vow a fourth, which was pregnant with great results even till the present day, when mem bers of the Society of Jesus represent a spirituality in life, and a profound and extended knowledge, profane and sacred, which are the glory of Catholicity and the terror of its enemies. " Specially designed to repel the advances of Protes tantism, this order has at all times filled the Protestant mind with a vague and un defined terror. Protestants, as a rule, have regarded the great society as an enemy to the human race, formidable indeed, but deserving the execration of all good men ; and even Catholics, while professing true allegiance to the Church, have judged it erroneously, and condemned it unjustly." (Alzog 1. c.) An Histoeian's Opinion. Lord Macaulay, in his essay on Ranke's History of the Popes, writes, when review ing the struggle between Protestantism and the society, " It was at the feet of the Jesuit that the youth of the higher and middle classes were brought up, from the first rudiments to the courses of rhetoric and philosophy. Literature and science, lately associated with infidelity or with heresy, now became the allies of orthodoxy. Dominant in the south of Europe, the great order soon went forth conquering and to conquer. In spite of oceans and deserts, of hunger and pestilence, of spies and penal laws, of dungeons and racks, of gibbets and quartering blocks, Jesuits were to be found under every disguise and in every country—scholars, physicians, merchants, serving- men; in the hostile court of Sweden, in the old manor-houses of Cheshire, among the hovels of Connaught." The last sentence of this quotation accounts for Pro fessor Ranke's remark that little progress was made by the society in' Protestant countries; in these countries the Jesuit order, like the faith it professed and championed, was proscribed. Very dif ferent now are the social conditions of these antagonists. The Society of Jesus—united, vigorous, as in the days of Lainez and Salmeron, breathing the piety of Ignatius and Xavier, possessing in its ranks the first intellects of the day, offering a harbor of rest to the soldiers who, wearied in the fight for truth, in a region where it was not, have gone over to the enemy of Protestantism and untruth—Protestantism divided, subdivided again and again, and other divisions coming forth, possessing no quiet for the spiritual nature, having no refuge for the man of intellect, the curse of Reuben is upon it. " Unstable as water thou shalt not excel"; the noblest phase of this unhappy schism , is presented to us in the present day when the minds of some of its most worthy membeis are trying to infuse into meaningless Protestantism a ritual indicative of what religion is; the combination is impossible, the experiment ridiculous. Unreasonable Bigotry and Prejudice. Those who have gone into the study of history well understand what the world of religion, of science, of philanthropy owes to religious orders. What the Church thinks of them can be gleaned from the estimation in which they are held by the present Pontiff, who speaks with a know ledge historical and personal. The annals of the different religious orders teem with accounts of deep devotion and self-sacrifice in the cause of Christianity the wide world over displayed by the members of the different orders; the roll of martyrs in the cause of religion and civilization is a long one, whether we speak of the Franciscan, Dominican, Augustinian, Jesuit or Carmelite martyrology. The researches of history bring back to the orders what bigotry and calumny and rapaciousness have stolen. " With a view of obtaining grounds of accusation against the monks and nuns, Cromwell set on foot a visitation of the monasteries. He appointed deputies who were, in fact, some of the worst men in all England; men of notoriously infamous character; men who had been convicted of heinous crimes; some who had actually been branded. On the reports thus obtained from these men an Act of Parliament was passed, confis cating hundreds of monasteries." (Eng. Hist. C.B.) Personal observation seems to dispel the cloud which ignorance and reli gious hate had collected around the fame of religious life. In his essay on Paul Sabatier, the Rev. Canon Rawnsley ("Contemporary Review," October, 1898) writes :—" At La Yerna one saw more than devotion to the founder's (St. Francis of Assisi) memory. One saw the practical carrying out into life of his beneficent wish that the poorest poor, who work with their bands, might come into relations of personal brotherhood with a teacher of the way of Christ. A famine was in the land, and at intervals throughout the day there streamed up the long rocky stairway to the monastery gates the peasants of the neigh boring woods and valleys, come many miles some of them, and foi what ?—for just one little loaf of bread; and all who came were welcomed. The welcome accorded by the monkish benefactors had nothing of patron age about it. The Need at the Present Day. Is the charity of the world so far reach ing that there is no more room for the sons of the Seraphic Francis P Has the world grown so very fervent in the religious effort, that it requires no more the preaching of St. Dominick; Has the world become so erudite that the learned son of IgnatiuB finds no place therein? Are the efforts of man, in and by them selves, so efficacious for supernatural ends that the daily prayer and midnight vigil of the recluse of Carmel effect no purpose in the Church of God? The Vicar of Christ answers these questions in his letter to the American people. " Had not your own con federated cities the principles not only of faith, but of civilization, from the scholars of religious houses P How many (reli gious) go forth to carry the Gospel to new lands, and to enlarge the boundaries of civilization, and this with the keenest ardor of goodwill, and amid the greatest perils P ... . From them the young have their educators; from them finally the Church draws examples of every sanc tity. Nor, in these our praises, do we in tend to suggest any inequality between religious of active life and those who love solitude, attend to prayer, and practise the works of penance. How much these latter have deserved and do deserve of human society, those know well who are not igno rant of the value, as a means of pleasing and satisfying God, of the effectual prayer of the righteous, and especially the prayer that is united to the crucifixion of the flesh. . . . For men being to- day, more than in the past, eager for enjoyments, more than ever should those be esteemed who leave all to follow Christ." These are words of wisdom addressed by Our Holy Father to his children, mindful that he is the successor of Gregory the Great, the Benedictine, Paul IV., the rigorous Thea tine, Pius V., the zealous and Holy Domi nican, Sixtus V., the austere and unbend ing Franciscan. 