Hope the Hermit. CHAPTER XXVII. When Miohael awoke it was quite dusk. The sleep bad graatly refrained him, and as he strode acroai tba fields to Stable Hills fsrm his spirits rose and bo folt eager for tho night's adventure. Keeping a little to the south ol the lioathonie he waited in tbe pic 00 that bad beon agreed upon until he saw in tho fas' deepening gloom tbe light io tbe window above the great door oxiingniabod.' It had beon kindled in tho Island houso early in tho evening as a sign that all was woll and that Audrey would come as arranged, and now tbat itj was pot out be knew aho must be getting into tbe boat and in ? few minutes would be with him. His heart throbbed fast when, out ol tbe gl-om, be saw tho outline of the dark hull approsobiag and htard tbe sound of hor muffled oars olose by. In anotbor momont she wna at the shore, and losping ioto the boat bo paahod off again, taking thoseaond pair of oars that bad been provided, and giving her a wbiaporod greeting. 1 The other boat is all right ? ' she inquired. 1 YeB, Bafoly moored near Portiosoale, and Btowod away in it I hato patiome old clothes that Dickon was keepiog for a aoareorow, and a ragged emock whiob would mike any kio)r ldbk like a olown.' Audrey smiled, aud they rowed steadily od, taking care to give tbe Mill as wido a berth sg might be lest Mounaey should de«ory them. Now to find the entrance to the Dorwent at tbe south end of Derwentwater is no easy matter even by daylight, for tho marshy gronnd with its wilderness of reeds, its uarrow ohanoels which often prove more ' oats de sse,' and its absonoo of landmarks is bewildering. Rat by night the task is bard indeed, and well as Miohael knew the country he was sorely baffled in the midnight gloom. Atlas', however, they at rook the right channel, and after that, every bead being familiar lo them both, tbey got on easily enough, mooring tbe boat on the opposite side of the river to Manoety mesds andjthen sotting off across tbe wet grsss towards the entrance of the Happy Valley. The night was clear and the stars were shining brightly bo tbat the; oonld dearly distinguish tbe ontlines of the o'rsggy bills wbioh BurrouDded it, and guided by tbe stream they walked on swiftly, Audrey springing lightly orer the boggy gronnd in the raiment of the ghost and thankful not lo have heavy skirts trailing after her irr tbe darkneis. ' Ah, Mia I ' she exalaimed as he helped her over a bit of gronnd that bad beootne a 8 warn p sinoo the heavy rain, ' two is better than one. I should have been in a panio of terror many a time this night bad it not been for you,' 1 Thank God, I am here then I ' he said. ?It mikes me sbunder even now to think how nosrlj Matt Barkett caught you the other, night.' : Ab, and it was not only oi human beings I was in terror,', said . Audrey, ' I kept on thinking how it would be if tho mook bogle and tho' real bogle were to oome faoo to face.' Ho lung hod at this idea, and then they both started violently, for a aqreeoh-owl flew past them' with' its melanoboly* foreboding ory. ' Well, if we meet nothing moie dsngeroca than owls and bogle* we Bhall carry throng Ii oar night's work easily,' said 'Michael, obeer fally. ' Don't you think you might gire tbo call now ??»?.?'????? ' ?'- ????-???? ;? Thoy paused by the stream wbile berolesr jot soft ory sounded out into the night, and was echoed' bv John Badoliffe in his 'shelter under the yew tree. He oame down tbo hiil and, leaping into the stream, gave them an eager greeting. \- Is all well?' he asked. 1 Yee, your boat awaits von,' was tho reply. 1 Thai's well,' be said ; I should have rotted bad I been mewed up mnoh longer, Talk about Kiug Charles in tbe oak,' he wis lapped in luxury compared with me I And when at last the deluge ended I didn't dare oome out of that apology for an ark. ainoe a boy saw fit to feed bis flock of sheep at tbo other end of the valley. Well, little ghost, how'many ruBtios have yon soared on the way here!' . ' 1 We have not Been a soul,' said Audrey, blithely.. ' Horo is a paoket of money which grandfather sends yon, with bis best wishes for your safe journey to Franoe.' ' ' ' That's good of him,' he said. ' Mr. Der wrint, did yon remember the disguiie? ' 'Yes, sir,' said Miohael. ? I hare robbed a eoarc-crow in your beboo .' This tickled Ui« Jacobitt'* fanoy, and they bad some difficulty 'in making him bush bin Uugbler bs they cams down once more to the river and got into tho boat. ' Give me the oar?,' raid John Rtdoliffe, ' and, Andrey, do you Htrer ; I shall be glad to stretch my limbs onoe mote.' And then eilenoo (ell on tbe pirty wbile swiftly, with the' ourront in their favour, they rowed down 'o the reody ontranoe to Dervrentwator and out on to tbe broad expanse. 60 still was the night that Audrey could see tbo stars reflected in the water eB in a mirror, while tbe gloomy heights ol Maiden-moor «nd Catbells loomed darkly up on tbe western shore. ' Tbe only sign that any other human beings besides themselves oxiBted in tbo noigbbonrbood lav in the twinkling rush- light in the ohildren's room ou St. Herbert's Isle and the light in her graodlatber's bedchamber on Lord's Iiland. The two men had kept on their dark ooats, for fear their white shirt sleevos should betray, them to any ohanoo watober, but Miobael, heated with rowing, bad thrown off bis hat so tbat tbe night breeze gently blow back tbo long brown hair of bis peruke. She faneied tbat bis faoo gleamed onriouily white in the dim starlight, and onoe when a suddoo flioker of aommer lightning illuminated every thing for a mimiie, she raw that there woro lines of pain round bin lips, and in hia eyes s look whiob mads her ti'ink of the oyoe of a wounded stag she bad once seen in Borrow dale, Tbat was vesrs ago when Miohael bad first gooo to Cambridge, and she rc membrrod tbn it was bet lover who bad been out deer-stslking, and tbtt the wounded S'sg bad fallen a victim to bis gun. Sbri Shivered 1 little. Wib it beosaie the part ing wsi bo near at hand that hi bore that I ok? Th;re was another quiver of sheetIight nipg ; this' time be stopped rowiDg for a minute, glanced round to see tha opening to tbe Derwant; and whispered to her lo steer a little to tbe left. Against the dancing light Skiddaw and Latrigg rose majestically while below, in silvory brightness, the Greta flowed into tbe Derwant, and all tbo roods and rushes along the banks shimmered' and' sparkled like the spesra of a great army. ? Tho current is strong ; keep well to tbo left, olose to tbe rushes,' slid Miobael. 'Now we aro almost there ; I moored her to that willow round tbe next bend. Ship your osrr, sir,' he added, glaooing baok at the JaoobUr. John Radoliffe silently ebeyed ; Audrey, with both hsnds on tbe tiller, kept her.eyrs fixed on the willow tree ; and already the; had osugbt sight of tbe moored boat,' when suddenly there was a blsze of light from a lantern held by someone balf hidden by tba reeds, atrong bands olu'obed Ibeir boat anl rmde it fast, wbile, with an effort whieh nearly oapsized them, John Radoliffo wte drsgged ashore by three men wbo flntg themselves upon him. The bearer, of . 'tbV lantern stepped forward and touohed him on the shoulder. ? \- fn the King's name I* he slid ; and Au drey, shrinking down into her place in tie stem, knew that it was her lover, ' ' . ? She felt a band on hers, and lifting bcr face law Miohael stooping over her. 'Quick,' he wbiBpered, almosl lifting bor on to tbe seat he bad 'quitted. ''Take tbe oara and row home, I'll, out the rope while they are getting me ashore.' ??'? ? ' Bhe was like one stunned, and it. was only under bis compulsion thatihe obeyed jwhik be, with' ears sharpened by anxiety, 'icas listening to the confused babel of yoioes. ' 1 There be two other gentlemen in the boat sir,' oried Burkofet. Be us to mak' 'em all prisoner V - . Henry Brownrigg turned, having been, too mnoh oooopied in seeing 'tha oonitable bind John Rudolifls's arms lo bia aides to heed' anything elBe. ' ' ' 1 To do sure, Burkett,' he said. ' So, Mr. Derwent, you have changed your vlewn, Drsg him out, men'. What's the good of resisting, gentlemeni We aro five of us here, and are bound to take you.' As be spoke he bung the lantern on ? brsnoh of tbe willow and. stepped closer to tbe boat, from the bows ' of which Miobael wbb struggling with his would-be oaptors on tbe bank. 1 r He had unsheathed his knife, and wai desperately sawing at the oord with whioh the men had secured tbe prow, Bnrketl only divined what be was about, and gripped bis arm like a vibe, whereupon Miobael , shifted his knife to the other baud, gave- the fellow a touonLvMtb the point wbioh made him start back' . for a moment, and, then in triumph severed the ropo.- : ' ?.-..- ? ??? ? 1 Pull off !' be oried to Audrey, and at the same moment be took bis assailants utterly by surprise by yielding and leaping on shore ao suddenly that be tent tares of them spraw ling to the ground. . ? ' ? ? But Henry Brownrigg was not to be 10 easily baffled ; be gripped, fast hold of the boat before tbo rower bid had time to get fairlj off. ... ' Hold there I' be oried. ' Von don't esospe us now,: my man 1 Get up, you fellows, and make tbat other gentleman prisoner.' He broke off, for Miohael put ? band on. bia shoulder and said, in a tone whioh oonld .not reaoh the others, ' Sir, do you not ses that it is Mr. RsdolifiVa neioe in dlBgnise 1 For God's sake — nay, for her sake and your own— let her row home and say no more.' ? To be oonlinned. 