? "past. Present. Future." SYDNEY, SATURDAY, JANUARY 21, 1809. Bush Traditions. The bush, the Australian bush, is fnil of tra clitions. Not-very-romantic ones, nor such ai lend themselves to legend and story, as d< those that cling around- older countries; bu still quaint,-and wonderfully reproduced in al] parts of Australia. These traditions are nol of the midnight only, when "graves give up their dead," but rather of familiar things that are common to every sojourner in bushland. Some are culled from the aborigines, the re- mainder from, the tales that are told by those who. are locally called "old. hands." Not taking the name in the convict sense, but as one who has seen strange things in the past, and can tell the young genera tion of great evil doné by the early pioneers who had to fight for their own hand. Take the instance of the poisoned flour eack, left for the blacks to steal, which caused a camp full of natives to expire in agony. That yarn is current in every one of the Australian colonies, has been, told circumstantially, and in detail, in a thousand and one localities. It is a good and impressive yarn to tell, and it will go on being told until the tale of the aborigines is that of a lost nation. But it is fiction for all that. Another one is about the man who is dying of thirst stripping off all his clothes and wandering around in a nude, sun-burned con- dition, until he finally dies and leaves a mes- sage scribbled on the billy or quart-pot that he has carried throughout his frenzied wander- ings. This is a favorite theme with our poets and storytellers, but actually there is no truth, in it. The last stage of a man who dies of thirst is utter exhaustion. There is no desire to wander on in a state of nudity; in fact, it is doubtful if the last stage of all is painful. -With a horse it is, up to a certain point; then those who have had the misery- and it is an acute misery- of watching a good horse die, and see- ing the soft eyes turned up to yours and hear- ing the pathetic whinny, asking you for help that you cannot give, might think that, like Falstaff, the poor wretch was "babbling of green fields." Then bush tradition steps in, and, when a man is concerned, says he should have cut down saplings and put them in a billy to drain,, and he would hare been able to have a plunge a ucl shower haili in no time. Right away in the scrub lauds, lying to the north of tho Great Australian Bight, where a-maximura of four or five inches of rain fails annually, tho ?wretched natives live at limes on Jiie mallee roots, dug from underground, which, when mit in their wooden vessels to drain, afford them a. scanty supply to sustain: their flickering life on. From this has tradition spread throughout Aus- tralia that the roots of any trees hold life-giv- ing quantities of water. The traditions of the bush, many got from the aboriginals, are end loss." That the. den tir allder springs, like the flight of a boomerang, and if it misses its murk and strikes a tree, the tree will die. That tho nests of'.crows, black cockatoos, and pelicans have never been found. That "a crocodile can- not turn on land, and that any horse can swim if he gets into deep water. And many moro traditions that you will find it hard to rob an old bushman of the belief in. % All these be- liefs and traditions are but tho natural outcomo of rhe lone life in a great solitary country. The influence'of the huge monotony makes the bushman long for something fresh and novel, hud the vastness of his surroundings, tho strange phenomena that occur by day and night, make him at tim'es turn to the supernatural'for very relief. The only wonder is that there are not more ghosts in Australia. . As it is they aro mostly imported.. The indigenous stories aro as vague as the great mystery that sur- rounds the men who tell them. They recount tales they have heard from the blacks of the invisible bird that cries and walls at night until the natives have to shift their camp. Of the huge centipede whoso* bite is death, but who only comes out at night amongst the rocky and stony country, and of the lurking bunyip, .which-is a travelled edition of the northern crocodile. It is strange what faith the unedu- cated1 bushman puts in the tales., that old-'äenii-, clTIÏÍláèa^^íblackfellows tell. This leads him to exaggerate what he experiences himself, and hence the many strange and wonderful tales wè hear of the birds, beasts, and reptiles of the interior. That a snake or a tortoise, no mat- ter how _mortally wounded, does not die till sunset is one belief, and some go further, and assert that anyone bitten by a deadly snake will-not" die till'sunset, as the sea folk hold that the dying, die with the ebb tide. That crows talk tb each other is another and per fectly understandable tradition in the bush, and that in the winter months it is colder at full moon than at new .moon Is a belief that is shared by moire than tho uneducated. Out of bush beliefs, Andrew Lang, if he donned a rough suit, and went to the right sources, could get more than enough unique -and quaint; but, to hear them properly, the would have to go out and, sitting beside the camp fires, hear, as a bushman himself, the stories with all local color laid on. 