. Two not&blo; speeches, which have set the United .Kingdom talking, have recently heen made in England from the opposite poles Of politics. One was de livered hy the. British Premier to the Primrose Leagiie. The other was an elaborate reply hy Sir William JIaroourt in an address to his constituents in West Monmouth. Lord Salisbury, as was quite" fitting, took occasion to slug" the praises of his party, historically considered, and, moresuo, to throw a few gibes at the weak ness and demoralisation of the Liberal Party, which he pictured as broken up, dead, and buried beyond the chance of any icourivctiuii. Tiro opportunity was too tempting for the Premier's opponents to let slip ; for though the polished sneers of the Britisli Premier Avere keen as a rapier's thrust, and carried their own sting with them, they left liirn open to a fatal re joinder. As Sir William Ilarconrt re marked, while the Premiers speeches are always interesting, and his cynicism poignant, his rhetorical artillery is of that class whose recoil is more fatal to his friends than to his opponents. The British Press seems to admit that the ex- leader of the Opposition made a. " smasli- " ing reply," oven where he failed to take the edge off the Premier's raillery. There are two things which concern us in speeches liko these. First- we see how entirely, by the circulation which they get through the Press, the platforin and the newspapers conjointly are taking the place 'of Parliament as the educators of public opinion. The solid mass of the British public stands by as it were nnd looks on this duel of the rhetoricians with almost as keen p. zest as it would watch a dog fight, or witness the Game Chicken knock out Bullocky Boh in eight rounds. The personal encounter in any form is in teresting, and when two such experts as the British Premier and the fighting ex- Libcral leader drop the buttons from their foils ifor a bout at close quarters, the great British multitudo will count and critioise the points with almost as much relish as it will ad- : T f mire the wrist . work in Maclaren's hatting or tlio break of Howell's bowling. And truth to say, apart from the party extremists on either side, the general judg ment is singularly impartial in giving to caoh oratorical fencer the meed of praise which is his due. In this way public opinion is formed outside Parliament, and not from within, or only in a very minor degree by Parliamentary discussions. It is matured, too, as wo see, only on a few great topics which are ripe for the Parlia mentary arenn. These nre the subjects which form the watchwords of the rival parties, ou which Legislatures nre constituted and Ministries are formed. Thus, we see that the member of Parliament of to-day, instead of being returned, according to the ideal of Edmund Burke in his famous Bristol speech, to deal independently with' all questions before the House, is a mere dele gate to register the wishes of those who sent him to act for them. In new conditions, such as these two great speeches make clear, Parliament is no longer a debating society, nor ought it be a mirror of tlio national thought on the hundreds of minor issues which are as yet unripe for legisla tion. Having too little time to deal with pressing aud practical matters, it has none to waste - on the abstract questions witli which' the advocates of' proportional repre sentation desll'e to- bLock Parliamentary progress. But none of these thoughts formed any part of the out and thrust of Lord Salisbury and bir AYilliam Harcourt. The picture drawn by the Liberal of tlie past and present of British Toryism was a line contrast to his sketch of the past and present of British Liberalism. It is astonishing how like is .the trend of the two parties, in whatever part of the world they may he oast. Sir William says the Tory party in England is forever adopting to-day the policy it denounced yesterday, and that its record is a long, catalogue of swallowing and digest ing the schemes and projects whieh it abhors. For example, Lord Salisbury's gibe that Liberalism had almost washed its ' hands of Home liulc .elicits' from Sir William Harcourt the retort that the failure of Gladstone's Irish Homo Rule policy of ' 1886 made inevitable tlio Tory concession of Local Government to Ireland in 1898.' He re minds the Premier that " it is not so " many years ago that Lord Salisbury " declared Irish Local Government was .as " dangerous to the Commonwealth as Home "Bule itself, and yet ho has lived to carry " tlio measure lie so denounced." Aud then he adds ; — " The Tory record is that all the " causes which they have espoused have " heen defeated, cither by their opponents, " or still oftencr by themselves ; that they " have abandoned everything which they " U3cd to support, and have adopted every- " thing which they used to oppose." The rich Conservatives who are for ever crying out that the Democracy wants to plunder them lie likens to the. old lady who lives in perpetual alarm that a burglar is under her bed. He instances the' British Finance Bill of . 1894, . Avhich Lord Salisbury denounced as an Act of. Spoliation, -hut which he now retains among the statutes of the land in spite, of liis supreme majority in Parliament. This is precisely - what Liberalism has seen in Victoria, and what is a standing jest against Mr. Seddon's opponents -in New Zealand. The sting of all this, of -course, lies in its palpable truth,. But as against these, protestations- and subsequent pliability on the part of the British Tory, Sir William asks his coun trymen to contemplate the Liberal record. It is one, lie says, of perpetual 'movement forward; " a register of great causes boldly " advanced, steadfastly adhered - to, which' " sooner or later have alwaj's tri- " umphed for the 'benefit of the "country,"" He counts it as a glory that this party is always espousing new causes. Tlio world moves, and the .party leads the movement, instead. of drag ging hack and being whipped unwillingly in the traces of progress. It was the 'Liberal party that solved the discontents of Canada hy a courageous concession of Home Rule, just as it .Avas Toryism which occasioned the disruption in America by refusing to oolpnists the rights of free men. It has been Liberalism which has swept away the odious monopolies and class privileges of tlio rich ; which has redressed the wrongs of iniquitous taxation on the poor, and which in doing so has given a stability and security to property which' it never litvd under old Tory regimes. In short, says Si"? AYilliam, tiic magic wand of a greater justice to the people has always heen the talisman which has conquered and falsified all the timid prophecies of Toryism. As to the taunt of Lord Salisbury that Liberalism lias known few successes .save those of the extension of the franchise, Sir William is content to reply that it has been these which have made all other progress pos sible, and he hints broadly that tlie future has -more of this work in store for the Liberals of the Kingdom. On'the other main topie of discussion — tlie battle between Imperialism and the Little Englanders— Sir. AYilliam Harcourt does not carry away nearly so many honors. It is true that tlie picture he paints of tlio British Jingo is a lively one. AVliat an Inflationist is in currcnSy, an Extensionist is in Jingoism; and Sir AVilliam would rather cultivate an Empire than'boom one. This is neat; and not less so is his state ment that the Expansionist's claim is that " the earth is ours, and the fulness there- " of," to the extent that " the Empire is "committed to land speculators, to " mining syndicates, . . . expansion "at any rate, at whatever cost, " and hy whatever means." That is how Sir AVilliam j reckons up Jingo istic- Empire boomers liko Mr. Rhodes, who prate about a continuous British occupation of Africa "from the " Cape to Cairo," who are for " taking " everything and fighting everybody." And yet tlio Liberal leader repudiates any Little England sympathies, and shows that he can strike au Imperial note quite as deftly as his opponents. He says : — I laugh sometimes when I hear myself and" others denounced ns Little Englanders. (Laugh ter.) 1 confess I did not know that there was a Little England to belong to. (Cheers.) I always thought that England was the greatest, the most extensive, the most powerful, tho most famous nation in tho world, that it was one of whieh any man might be proud to ho a citi zen, and have no causo to he dissatisfied. (Ohoers.) "Little England," forsooth ! AYhero is it ? (Loud laughter.) If I desired, which I do not, to he a Little Englander, I must cease to be a British citizen; because, being a Bri tish citizen, I am necessarily a Great Englander —a citizen of a great Empire. (Cheers.) But while Sir AVilliam Harcourt can talk in this strain lie does not seem to recog nise the fact that, whether we like it or hot, the division of the unappropriated por tions of tlie globe is going on, and in the words of Sir Robert Giffen, "wo are in "for it." The criticism about the land soramble may be true enough ; hut that is nothing to the purpose when it is shown that Great Britain must either take her part in it with the rest or step back into a position of disadvantage in her foreign relations. It is against British desires that China should he carved up ; hut if other nations force on- the partition, how can England, in justice to herself, refuse to have any hand in tho process J That is tlio weak point in the Liberalism of mon liko Mr. Morloy and Sir AVillinm Harcourt, and it is just tlie place at which Lord Rosohcry sheers off from Ills old allianoes, and justifies tho Salisbury sneer that British Liberalism is visibly falling to pieces. These discus sions of high Imperial themes, done by artists, have a world-wide interest, and serve the host use3 of the now statesman ship, which consists of educating _the people quite as much as in making laws. Madame Sarah Bernhardt has recently, on tho suggestion it is said of no loss august a personage than 1I.R.II. the Prince of AATales, played in Paris the part of Hamlet, apd in it lias rivalled the successes of her prime. Though tho performance, com mencing at half-past eight, was not over till two o'clock, tho audience stayed on at the close lo give her repeated recalls, and seemed quite overcome with au enthu siasm divided equally between tho talented actress and tlie immortal hard. A couple of days afterwards two wall-known men of letters fought a duel, caused by a dis pute over her reading of the most enigma tical character in the whole range of the world's dramatic creations ; and that rare event on tlie tho modern French field of honor— a serious wound inflicted ou one of the principals — has added to tho furore. All Paris lias been talking during May of tlie play which was described hy A'oltaire as " the work of a drunken savage." The change seems to show that tlie whirligig of Time has indeed brought in his revenges, but in fairness to the lively Gauls it must be said A'oltaire's outrageous utterance Avas notoriously caused hy jealousy of one whom another Frenchman had described as " the god of the theatre," and that he him self paid Shakspearo tlie sincerest form of flattery hy imitating Hamlet, Julius Cn-sar and Othollo in three of his own plays. Nor eyeu if Aroltairq's splenetic outburst were not palliated hy the fact that he introduced tlio bard to his countrymen, the Briton is not free from blame for depreciations almost as absurd. If his Elizabethan con temporaries knew his worth, for genera tions Shakspearo was no prophet in liis own country. Pope asserted that lie wrote both better and worse than any other man, and attempted to solve . his own paradox by ascribing to'' interpolating players every scene and passage that did not suit the taste of the Queen Anno period. AVe all know of tlie Scottish patriot who greeted tlie fall of the curtain on Home's Douglas with a triumphant shout of "AVhaur's your AVully Shaks- "pearenoo?" A brother Scot, Humo, in his History is less pardonable in his ac count of the poet, whose birthday — 23rd April — Sir /Walter Besanb wants the English speaking people to take as tlio fete day of the race. The historian says: "Born in a rude " age, and educated in the lowest manner, ' without any instruction cither from " the world or from books . . . a rea- " sonable propriety of thought he cannot "for any time uphold." It would have been strange if some foreigners had not been equally uncomplimehtary. Yet it is arguable tliat the Germans Lossing, Ger- vinus and Goethe were at least not be hind Englishmen in insisting on tlie real value of Sliakspearo's philosophy and psy chology as apart from, liis " native wood- " notes wild." Simultaneously. with Madame Bernhardb's triumph, a M. J. J. Jussorand has pub lished a translation in Engiish of liis " Shakspeare in France, " a Aveiglity com pilation which completely clears his countrymen of any charge of a want of appreciation of tho greab'dramatist His industry is untiring, arid lid commences with tho following comment written by Nicholas Clement iii 1684 in tho catalogue of Louis XIV. 's, library, which contained a copy of the Folio of 1632 " This English " poet has a rather line imagination, " tiiinks naturally, expresses himself skil- " fully ; but these fine qualities are oh- " soured by tho filth he introduces into his " Comedios." But in our century the greatest French writers have exhausted the . vocabulary of . praise in their comments on the literary monarch of Perfidious Albion. To George Sand every thing in literature seemed fiat by the side of Sliakspearo's poetry. To her Flaubert wrote: — "I read nothing now 'but that " prodigious ' bonhomriie,' whom I have " taken up again from one end to the " other. It invigorates you and puts air " into your lungs as if you were on the top " of a high mountain." The elder Dumas, whose great novel is just now holding the stage as tho Princess's Theatre, expressed his view in the wordB after God, Shaks "pfcarohas created; most." Hugo recog nised three men only as memorable in the history of humanity— Ilomor, Moses and Shakspeare ; a tributo hardly exceeded by Mr. Swinburne's overwhelming declaration that lingo liimseif "Victor in drama, " Victor in romarice," had earned — AU tliqpmtso of all earth's tongues in all earth's ages, All the love of all men's hearts hi all tho world. Even so early as at the ,end of tlie last cen- tnry Jean Francois Ducis translated six of the greatest plays for tlie French stage, corresponding with David Garrick Avliilo so engaged. But he made some rather large concessions to French ttistcs. His greatest success was witli Othello, hut when he was preparing this, in 1792, the patrons of the French national theatre, who just then were engaged in tlio atroci ties of the Bevolubion, warned him " against revolting their feelings by renro- " ducing the barbarities that cliarac- " terised the clqse of Shakspeare's " tragic masterpiece." Tlioy could dance tlio Carmagnole round the tumbrils carry ing their fellow-citizens to tlie guillotine ; hut they could not hear to see Desdemoiia smothered. So Ducis in his version makes the Moor discover and pardon the villainies of lago, and become reconciled to liis Venetian bride ! Even Diimas, with all his .enthusiasm for tho creator of Hamlet, when he collaborated . .with Meuriee on a French noting edition made tlie Prince of Denmark siirvivo till the fall of the curtain, when tlie Ghost returns to say that Heaven prolongs Hamlet's life as a punishment for his reverige on tho King and Queen. AAre in these days are accustomed to think that there" is not much that could shook an audience acclimatised to tlio French stage. Yet when Charles Kemhle and the Miss Smibhsou who later married Ber- lioz the musician pkyed Hamlet' in Paris, the famous critic "Magnin thought that when Kemble threw himself down at Ophelia's feet in the play scene, such an undignified pose for a tragic liero would ruin the piece. It did not, and Magrtin magnanimously admitted that the per formance showed that "there are ways of " reaching the sublime unknown to " us." Of the three points of perennial dispute in the play, Hamlet's sanity, his age and liis weiglit, it was the lastmentioned which formed the cause of tlie duel after Madame Bernliardt's performance. The divine Sarah's almost infinitesimal slimnoss lia3 for years heen one of the standing jokes of Paris. One wit lias described her as driv- ing up to tlie theatre in an empty carriage, out of which tho actress stepped ; and"nb 65 she is still almost invisible. At the per- formanco one eritic, named Vanor, declared she ought to have heen padded for the part. Ho accopted as genuine tlie common reading where the Queen de scribes Hamlet as " fat and scant of breath1' in the lost scene, ignoring the tradition tliat Burridgo the actor substituted "fat" for " hot" in that lino, to cover liis own portly presentment of the melancholy Dane. M. A'anor's remark was too mncli for M. Catulle Mendes, a novelist and critic of Falstaflian proportions, who may possibly have scented a personal application in the coiiimeut, which drew a challenge from liirn. But his " too, " too solid flesh " stood him in good stead, for in tlie duel with M. A'anor he received a wound in tlie abdomen that might easily have proved fatal hut for tlie rolls of adipose tissue protecting liis vital parts. This was not the first, nor will it he tllb last, quarrel over the proper interpretation of Hamlet on the stage, though Mr. AAIIboii Barrett, at tlie close of his season hero, produced, in reply to somo of his critics, some very strong reasons to show that tlie Prince was meant to . he a mere youth undor 21, and that his madness was en tirely assumed. For the first point lie relied mainly on internal evidence, suoli ns to the age of the Queen, who was only 39, and on tho fact that, in tlio original Version, Yorick's skull was said hy tlie sexton to have lain in the earth, not "three and twenty " years,", but "a dozen years." But tho altercations on these points Will probably last as long as the dramatist's reputation, and tho New Zealander who sketches the ruins of St. Paul's from a broken aroli of London-bridge is not likely to find them settled. France and England, which have at present so many points of differ ence, have at any rate just shown a cor dial reciprocity in stage matters. For while Sarah Bernhardt lias heen extorting Parisian enthusiasm for Hamlet, Henry Irvihg, on his return to tho hoards after a serious illness, lias heen drawing all Lon don- to see liim enact the part of Robes pierre in an English adaptation of the last play hy the greatest French drama tist, of our own times. 