PURSUED BY THE LAW. V Published bv Special Abbaxoekext.j By J. MACLAREN COBBAN, Author . of " Tho Rod Sultan," "Tho Avenger of Blood," "Wilt Thou Have Thi Woman?", "Her Royal Hijjhnessla .Love Affair," "Tho Tyrants of Kool-Sim," "The Whito Kaid of tho Atlas," "The Burden of Isiibel," &o.;, &o.; CorvmonT. . ' CHAPTER V. The Needle-gun. HE rcsult of tl)at . mysterious asser- \\.Pl8fe turn, that Robert Graham had been shot, was more IJBaijk astonishing still. The body of the jgk jpBSjl # deceased Robert fi-rayfftK S \ Graham was eare- j fully explored by Al the "divisional srir- ...c 'geon. "There was Jl0 0f a 'DUi. \- let or shot wound, . and tho surgeon was about to cease his soarch, with the opinion that the anonymous letter wusahonx, when he found on the loft of the buck, in the neighbourhood of the heart, a singular red dish mark, like an enlarged flua-hitb. On oxamining that closely he found that tho skill was broken, and on fingering more closely still he discovered there was somothiug buried there 2 A second or two's exploration with his instru ments, and he drew out a steel thing which was shaped like a darning or carpet needle, hut flattened and rounded at the head. From the wound thus loft open flowed u drop or two of blood and serum. "This is most extraordinary," said the doctor. 44 Shot? How could ho have been shot with this?" Tho young and ambitious detective, Wor- Tnall, in looking and .searching around, found thrust into the umbrella stand, among walk ing sticks and umbrellas, a small guu some thing: like a carbine. Its barrel, however, was not a barrel in llie ordinary sense, but five or six steel tubes of the thickness of tobacco pipes bound togethor. The bore of these tubes was just great enough to admit such a thing us tho singular ueedlc-shot. 44 1 wonder," suidho, 44 if this has anything to do with it." He inquired for the old servant Liz (who was dividing attendance upon Mrs. Graham with a hospital nurse), and on licr appearing, he asked her if she knew whose the gnu was. 44 Eh, to be sure I do," she answered, not knowing, as yet, why thev were iu tho house again. 44 It's Mister- James's ; he made it htssen, just for play. For usual, it hangs thero." And sho pointed to two hooks on the wall abovo the umbrella stand." 44 Did you ever see him shoot with it ? " 44 Shoot, say'st tba ? " She was about to flow on with" speech, but of a sudden she became suspicious that sho was being pumped, und she broke off with 44 Never! Not!!"" And she looked obstiuute and defiant. Tho detective examiued the gun, so did the inspector, so did tho doctor. How was it worked ? How was a shot tired ? 44 There's nothing like trying," said the young man, and going out into the back yard (to dissipate tho sound of the explosion in the open), ho pulled the thing like a trigger and aimed at the back door. There was a low hiss like that of escaping steam, and a piug ! And there, stuck deep in the wood of the bock door, was such a needle-shot as had been ex tracted from the body of Robert Graham ! 44 It's an air guu ! " exclaimed the doctor. 14 Of a new kind," said the detective , 44 a revolv-r." 44 He must bo a clover fellow," said the inspector, shaking his head. 44 I'm sorry for him ; bo's in a worse hole than ever now." 44 Must tho coroner's business be dono over again ?" asked tho young detective, with some uneasiness. 44 The Treasury," said the elder and more experienced man, 44 may get out a -writ of certiorari for the coroner to sit again, hut I don't think so. It ought to be good enough to let the young fellow go to trial ou tho present churge, with this new business to back it up." ,4Wliat I should like to know," said tho doctor, 4 4 is who thought it worth whilo to writo that anonymous letter and give the young man away." 44 Ah !" said the two detectives ; that und no more. Thoy eyed tho dootor, aud they cved each other , they each hud an opinion — a theory — which they were not at tho moment prepared to communicate. CHAPTER VI. ' Mr. Townshund of Jkiimyn Street. S 7 T WAS plainlybeeome a desperate J situation in which James Graham was placed. It was all the more hazardous ami exasperating that, since he was not truly theresponsible person, siuee he truly had seen nothing-, he could give no explanation of the new oir- Oumstnuces : he could only spooulate concerning thorn as others did. As for his faithful sweetheart, little Nelly, she was at her wits' end when she knew of tbo nnouyiuous letter und tho discovery ensuing thereupon. And, she could for some timo discuss tho mntter only with Liz . for her lovor was not accessible, and Mrs. Graham, still tossing iu her fever, romaiuJd unaware of all that hud happened and of nil that was happening. And Liz did not help inuoli towards it solution of the mystery. "I do wonder," Nelly said, "if mother could have fired that thing off." "Not her !" said Liz. Then with convio- iion and satisfaction, "It was nobbut a judgment on that man !" "But even if she hod dono it, " said Nelly, pursuing her own line of thought, " she couldn't have written the letter ; that must have boon written by someone who saw it done — or, perhaps, who did it !"- And hor suspicion flushed upon tho strungo gentleman called Townshend, of 2o Jormyn street , though why ho should have done it sho could not guess. "A man," she continued to Liz, "could easily havo come in quietly, for you had left the door latohed buck." "Now give over, 'oonov!" said Liz. " Where's t' use o' turning thy noud inside out guessing conundrums like them ? It's as plain tome as my hand thatit was t' finger o' God Almighty !" "What?" said Nelly. "You meun thut God pulled tho trigger and fired tho gun ?" "And what for not F" demanded Liz, in dignantly. "Bsin't God Almighty's judg ments wonderful und past finding out, us t' Book says ? And wasu't Robert Graham just as hud us hud could be?" " And I Nupposo," said Nelly, ironically, "God Almighty wrote that letter too ? " "Woll," oned Liz,- "and couldn't He? He lias written a mort o' things about Moses aud t' prophets, and it wouldna be so- much wl' one dip o' His pen to writo yon bit o' a letter 1" Those views did not oncourago Nolly to pursuo speculation any furtlior with the aid of Liz. But, brave and resolute little heart as sho was, she formed u great and gravo resolution. Sho had already addressed a civil little, letter ill her lover's behalf, to " — Townshotid, Esq., 26 Jermyn street," iund she thought that, having done so much, alie might do more. Mr. Townshond was evidently well disposed' to her lover — from whatever cause — and ready to do him a sevvice ; if she saw him fuco to face, she might be able to judge what kind of "gentleman" ho was; might got somo guidance or light from him iu the darkness of this mystery; ami, iu short, might derive soverai advantages whinh wore hoc quite clear to her yet. At uny rote, sho mudo up hor impulsive and resolute little mind to go to Mr. Townshond's address, and she went. Mr. Townshend, about seven " -'nek that evening, sat in his room in Ju. ... street, talking to his "man," and keeping the thought of dressing in his mind. "Yes, Marquis," said the man; "and what jeweller- ?" "It's at the Savoy — with Mr. Barnato and' that lot. No, Mortimer, we won't bo vulgar. I'll wear nothing but the Czar Alexander's dinmond ring." "Yes, Marquis," said Mortimer (who, though all old valet. was active und attentive), " that will be nobby. It will take the shine out of tliem." "The devil!" exclaimed Mr. Townshend, who was l imning hie eye through the extra special of 'the Globe. "Hero's a new tip about that man Graham ! Read it, Mor timer." Mortimer read the published news of the anonymous letter mid the diseoverv which ensued thereupon, -while -Townshend pulled his thick lnoustaohe in careful thought. When Mortimer had finished and lumded buck tho paper, Townshend looked up. tossing buck tho black lock whioh foil upon his fore- lieud, and allowing, with that and his long throat containing' a very pronounced Adam's apple, a head strangely lilco that of a Polish fowl. That construction of head and throat gave him a remarkably deep und vibrant voice, which iu its higher notes made you think of tho sound of a foghorn off a dangerous coast. "What do you think of liim, Mortimer? — of his chances nfter that?" he asked. ! " Chances, Marquis ? I think he'll have to be one of us— and u lucky good elmnce, too !" " I think so, Mortimer. Ton my soul, I'm sorry for him," " You are for everybody, Marquis." "And a clever fellow, too!" Townshond continued, without heeding Mortimer's re mark. " Just think of tlmt gun, Mortimer— his own invention ! A real needle-gun ! Perfect safety with it, oh ?" "Yes, Marquis!" said Mortimor, nodding in admiration. " But lio'il be one of us yet, Afarqnis'; there's 110 doubt about it. You'll iiiunngeit, Marquis!" "Did I lieur our bell ring, Mortimer?" said Towushoud. " I'll see, Marquis," said Mortimer, and went off. In a minute or so ho returned. "A lady wishes to see yon, sir." "A lady?" " Yes, sir; seems a nice enough little person. But she has never been here" before." "AH right. Show her in. And, Mor timer." "Yes, sir." "Put my clothes out iu thero. I shall want to dress in a fow minutes." Mortimer was a discreet servant, with furtive step and drooping ove, and after intro ducing the visitor lie retired so softly that he seemed to molt away, like an unsubstantial ghost. It was a little lady — pretty and piquunte — that Townshend received with an impressive bow us she crossed his threshold. " Perhaps it is rude of mo, " said sho iu a tone at once frightened but resolute, "to cull on you like this." " Charmed, I'm sure," said Mr. TownBhcnd, with another bow, and placed a chair. " Delighted, Miss — or — ?" "My name is Clontanoe," said Nelly bravely ; " I wrote a note to yon on Mr. Grahnm's account." " Ah, to be sure — Miss Olemancc," said lie, and a new kindly politeness as well as a now attention seemed to animnto his iiumiicr and liis voice. "Won't you put off that damp cloak? It is a horrid wet night. Allow me." He lifted the fur cloak from her shoulders and' spread it over tho baok of a chair. "You are Mr. Townshond?" said site, looking at him in frank scrutiny, when they had sat down opposite enob other. " I am— at your service, Miss Olemnnco." "I hoard from— from him — Mr. Graham- how you appeared at the door that first dreadful night," said she. " Exuuse mo," said lie, " hut did you come to me from Mr. Graham P" - "No," sho answered, a little put out, and blushing in lier perplexity. "I luivo come just because I suddenly thought I would. I thought— I thought " "Oh, he at your ease, pray, about that. I only wished to kuow if Mr. Graham had asked you to come. If I can serve you, bo assured I will." "It's him I want you to help, Mr. Towns hend !" she broke out. "You seemed so kind and generous in tka way you wrote to him I havo ventured to epnio and ask you ! I am bewildered. I don't understand this thut has huppened. Perhaps you do. You kuow, I think— or guess— that "Mr. Graham had nothing to do with it at all ; that it was all over, whatever it was, when ho got home — that—" " My near Miss Clenumue," he interrupted, " is it quito fair to put all that to me without Mr. Graham's permission ? He went himself, without any compulsion, I presume, to tho police, and made a certain statement ; if he menus to stick to that statement. — and I sup pose lie docs — what good purpose can be served by our going behind it ?' "Oh, I don't know!" sho said, clasping hor hands in her lap. " Perhaps I have done wrong. But I know he is innocent, und I want to save him. I would take his plaee if I could." "Couie, come," said Mr. Townshend, soothingly and kindly. " Bear up. You are a bravo youug lady, I'm sure. Between ourselves I don't mind admitting that I know Mr. Grahum to ho innoeont. That is very ugreeublo to know, becauso it makes us admire him; but it doesn't help us to get him off." "It may," auid she, briskly, "because you must he sure he did not let off that guu ; who did, then? " " Ah, who? " said he, regarding her, " We oan find out, surely ! " " Wo can try. But we may fail. Lot mo point this out to you, Miss Clemunce. Au ordinary detectivo oan no more work without a theory than a — a clergyman can prcaoh without a text. You may he sure that the fixed theory. - of the dcteatives in thie is that James Graham killed his father, either on putpose or by acoident. A now fact' more or loss won't turn thom away from that theory , it will only multo thorn squeeze the fact to fit the theory .< Hero they have little difficulty;, the gun was Mr. Gralium's own. . And I venture to doolure thut they have already made up their minds that James Graham himself fired- that shot — if," he added, with his odd flutter of a smile, " you can say fire a shot, when tho business was done with air and u needle." "But how unjust that is in them!" she exclaimed. "My dear Miss Olomunco," said ho, "tho business of detcotives is not to do justice, hut having got hold of a mnu to get him oon- viotod. They don't meun uny harm; it is just in tho wuy of businoss." "But," she oried, "what about tho letter? Evon if Jumcs might have fired the gun he can't have written the letter P Thoy must bo vory stupid if they can't see that !" , "They are stupid. Most people are stupid. And then you know the saying, ' None are so blind us those who won't see.' " " Do you really and truly think they won't see it ?" she asked, in dismay. To ns Continued. 