THE OLD UNIFORM. ai t One of my desk-mates in the office at the ministry of war was an ex-non-com f missioned officer, lenri Vidal. He had s jlost'.his left ainii.ini tlief Llinzll caini- I a paign, buti wilt his remaimnig hand he g executed marvelsof caligraphy-down to drawing. with onef pen-stroke- a bird in r tihe floulislh of his signature. t A good fellow, Vidal ; the type of the "1 upright old soldier, hardly forty. with a n sprinkling of gTey in his blonde imperial' I v --he had been in the Zouaves... We all e called him Pndre Vidal,. more respect- i fully than famuiliarly, for we all kiihehis life of honour and devotion. 110-lived iln n acheali little lodging at G reniill., ?here 1 if --oii the money of his cross; his 'pension, \- and his salary-li-he iinaged to 'uipport d lhis widowed sister iand lier: tlhree lil dren. Three. thousand franes for live o people ! No 'matbter; his redingote, the v empty left sleeve canught to the third e button, was always brushed as- if for d parade; and so seriously did lie take his red ribbon, iiivariably fresh, that lie took it out of his buttonhol- whenever lhe e carried a pair of boots or trousers or went *r on any cominonplaceeerrand. I- As at that time, I, too, was living in e the southlrin suburb of Paris,-1' often walked homre with Pdre Vidal,azid I used t Ii to make him tell of his campaigns as we il passed near the military school, mieeting n at every step--il was at, the close of the t I Empire-the splendid, unifornls of the e Inmierial Guard, green cliasseurs, white lancers, anid the dark arid maingtitiilit e artiller.: officers, black' and'gold, at cos ttuime worth while getting killed in. Sonmetinies. on hot evelnings, ' triaated r my companion to absinthe; out- of it economy lie never, drank.. On these d occasions the ex-sold'er,who had becomni e a sober paterfamilias, and had lost the I e habit of the parrot. would rise fronm the a table with a 'touch of heroicdrutikenutiiss i in his brain, and the rest of the :av I "t was almost certain to hear soime tale of war. - ir One evening-I believe that Pere e Vidal had had two glasses of absinthe as we walked along the hidious Boule is vard de Grenelle, lihe stopped suddenly d before a military old-clothes shop It there are many like it in that quarter Ii a dirty, sinister den, showinf` in its win )- dow rusted pistols, bowls full of buttons, e and tarnished-epaulets ; in front were d hlung, amid sordid rags. a few old of officers' uiniforms, rain-rotted and suil " burned ; with the slope-in at the waist r- and the padded shoulders, theyhad an almost human aspect. Vidal, seizing my arnu with his righllt hand and turning his slightly tipsy.gaze on me, raised his.stump to point out one of the uniforms, an African officer's to tunic, with the kilted skirt and the 'e three gold braids making a figure eight ;s on the sleeve. t "Look " lie said ; " that's the uni n form of my old corps, a captain's tunic.'! Drawing nearer lie niade out the num ber bngraved on the buttons, and went as on with enthusiasm : . " 'My regiment.! The First Zouaves ! re Suddenly his hand shook, his face e- darkened; dropping his eyes, lie mniir mured, in a horror-stricken voice:' i- " Mon Dieu, what if it were his." I Then : brusquely ' turiin;"' the' coat ri. about, he showed me in the middle of st the back a.little round hole bordered by, a a bllack rim--blood, of course-it made s, oiie shudder, like the sight of a wound. y " A nasty scar," I said to Pere Vidil,' who had dropped the garment and was a hastening away. And foreseeing a .tale o- I added to spur him on: "It's not usually. ig in tihe back that bullets strike captains e- of the Zouaves." Ile apparently did not hear me;. lie n n mumbled to himself: "" How could it get tii there? It's a lollg way from the battle er field of ~lelegnano to the Bouleivuard of se Grenelle ! Oh, yes. I kniow--tlle carrion: di crows.that follow the army; the strippers' I- of the dead ! But why just there, two' to steps from the military school where the' Ahi other fellow's regiment is stationed ? n, IIe'must have iassed; lie must have re a- cognised it. What a ghost !" " '"" See here, Pere Vidal," said f, vio s. lently interested. "stop your muttering,; id and tell-me what the riddled tunic re to calls to you." ot Except for the two absintlies. I doubt' ic if lihe would have spokeid; for lie - looked at nme timidly, almost suspiciously. Sud it denly. with a great effort, hebegan: rs "'Well, then, heregoes for the story;' n. I can trust you; you will tell me frankly,: in on your honour, if you think my conduct' re excusable. ,Where shall I begin? All,' I can't give you the oiither man's sur a nalne for he is still living, but I will rd call him by the name he went under in c- the regiment--Dry-Jeanand lihe de ig served it, with his twelve drinks at tile e. stroke of noon. ed "lie was sergeant in the Fourth of the ie Second, my regiment, a good fighter, bpt id fond of quarrel and drink--all the bad I; habits of the African soldier; brave as a Id bayonet, with cold. steel-blue eyes and a n. rough-red beard on his tanned cheeks. n. When I entered the regiment, Dry-lean id had just re-enlisted. lHe drew his pay lit and went on a three days' spree. lie ft and two compalions of tlie sanie kidn.y rolled through the low quarters of Algiers iin a cab, flying a tricolour bearing the s- words ' It won't last for ever.' It did w rinid up with a knock-downi fight at a SIloorish womanis dive. She got a kick I that did her ulp. Lry-.fi;n? a cut on the hr hicad froni a tringlo that inearly finislched r himu, a fortniight ill the guardl-room, andl t fl loss of ii, strip-s--lhl seconiiil tinme hc lie had lost thieii. (" )f well-to-do larcilets witlh Solle i t educlation, hlii would laVie ri-isu to be ali Soflicer long before if it had not, been for ci his coduct. I:Eighteen Inoithls lter hII got lii striplcs balck againi, tlih;inks to the Sindlulg Tneol t11h, 01d African caplai who had st'on hiii iiiid1r fir- iil Kabvlic. II chief cf liattalioiu, alid ll?iy isend us out, I iamocd lHitili, inst out of school, a cold, ll n ibit io ?s, itvh ? r fll ,. Vcit IX(iclilig, Ip hiard o his in. givinl" yoiiiziiht days l," foii sp15 k ii f u'lust oh your mu " ir a hUt I III o ll o li i i u iit lls ; i nllo' , i en i rr li ha i'in- s-rins in .\li-i'ia, not, tohlraing l faitslllla oi" tho slighl l lt want of disci Spliii. Tli, two tiok a halri' ti uauh other fro tol the li'rst; rc-sult., thI guard-I ro1 1 o" Illy-iu aIi t I ilieti" I iv' r l 'f ill'-" little hillo , e s sillt s a I ristl, wI iti h tile iilnlstaicluis of : ;ill iiigiy ut'l, l tuglll his puilllii1"i t i llIu ry-.hiai eillii' nd, I iidiig a word aii walkli d Iluietly laway to lo > pack-drill. ut all the sailen. tihe caip le tai, ,ighl . havl . i ne ii 1i ill i. hi. hih hlorn.. th- -ii s'rgeait-i flii- a- h(i liurlled lis huaid liand thi hatred that Ilashfd through ilis le " I lurceuipo the iIimpe'orl" declarls war ainst. llth Austriaiis, unf we alre t shipped ol i to Italy. itut let. i corie at 1t oc ito thi dlty lefori lithe fatlte of if3 11l(gliaiio-+ Wthueui- I hetfl 11- arlml yoe gi know. Our battaliii was caimpid in a p. little village. and before brcaking thi is ranks the captain had iiade us a speech i-rightly cijough--to remoind us that we k were iii a friendly country and that the slightest inijury done to the inhabitantl would be punishedinan exemplary way. DJ)uring the speech, Dry-Jean-a little shaky on.his pins that morning, and for the best of reasons-shrugged his shoulders slightly. Luckily the captain didn't see it. " Ati midiiglt a noise woke me. I sprangfront my heap of straw into the t farm-yazrdlnd in tile moonlight I saw a grou6p of comradies and easants wresting from the arms of Dry-Jean, raging like a lion, a handsonlewenchidishevelled and half dri-ssed; ivlio was callinig loudly on the Mafloima and all the saints. I was 1 hasteniting to lielpi. wlien Captain Gentili arrived. With one look-the Corsican had aparalyzing: 'ay-he cowed'the ter rilied sergeant ; thenr reassuriing the Lombard girl by a few words in Italian he held up a trembling finger before the scoundrel and said: "` Dogs like you deserve to have their brains blown out; as soon as i can see the colonel,-you lose your stripes again, this tinie'fdor good.. Tli.There'ist be fight ing to-morrow; try to get killed.' ' Sure enough, atdawn the cannonade awoke us. The column formed, and Dry Jean-never-had his cursed blue eyes glittered more omitiously-placed- him self beside me. The battalion moved for ward ; we were to'dislodge the white coats, who, with their cannon, occupied Meleguano. Forward, march! .At the seconid kilometer the, Austrians grape shotecut downi fifteeifbf oiur comipainy's men.ii Then our officers, waiting for tlhe order to charge, made us lie down in the grain-lield, sharp-shooterwise; they re mtuined standing naturally, and our cap tains wasn't the least straight of the lot. Kneeling in the rye, we kept on firing at the battery, wlhiehilay :witlin range. Suddenlysonie'one jogged niy eIbow. I turned and saw'I)ry-J can, who was look ing ll:t ame, the corner of his lips raised leeringly, lifting his gull. " ' Do you see the captain ?" he said, nodding in that-direction. " 'Yes, what of it P' said I, glancing at the officer, twenty paices oil. e He was foolish tospeak to nme as he did lastnight.' "' .ith ai swift, precise- gesture, lie shiuldered his arm and fired. I saw the captain-his body bent backward, his head thrown up. liis hands beating the air for an instant-drop his sword and fall heavily on his back. " ' Murderer !' I cried, seizing the ser geant's arm. But hestruck me with the butt of his rifle, rolling me over, and exclaiming : " ' Fool ! prove that I did it !' " I rose in a iage.just as all the sharp shooters rose likewise. Our colonel, barehleaded, on his smoking hdise, pointed his sabre at the Austrian bat tery, and shouted: " Fdrward,-Zouaves ! Out with your bayonets ' " Could I do otherwise than charge with the others ? What a famous charge it was, to!e Have you ever seen a high sea dash on a rock ? Each company ruslledup likea breaker on a reef. Thrice the battery was covered with blue coats and red trousers, and thrice we saw the :earthwork re-appear with its cannon jaws, impassable. " But our company, the Fourth, was to snatch the prize. In twenty leaps I reached the redoubt; helping myself with my rifle butt I crossed the talus. I had only time to see a blonde mous tacllh, a blue cap, and a carbine barrel almost toulihing me. Then I thought my arm flew ofl. Idropped my gun, fell dizzily oh my side near a gun-carriage wheel, and lost consciousness. "-When I opened my eyes nothing was to be heard bdit distant musketry. The Zouaves, formingadisordered'half circle, were shouting .-l'yive t'Empereur !' and Sbi-andishiring their rifles. " An old general followed by his staff galloped up. He pulled up his horse, waved liis gilded helmet gayly, and cried,: " ' Bravo, Zouaves ! You are the first soldiers in the world !' '.I found myself sitting near the wheel, supporting my poor broken paw, when iSuddenly I rmembered Dry-Jean's awful crime.. At that very instant he stepped out of the ranks toward the general." He had lost his fez, and from a big gash in his close-shaven head ran a trickle of blood. Leaninig on his gun nwith one hand, withli the other' he held out an Austrian flag, tattered and dyed red--a flag he had taken. The general gazed at hims admiringly. " ' Hey there,. Bricourt !' turning to one of his staff;' look at that if you please. What men !' " Whereupon Dry-Jean; in his canaille voice, sipoke up : ' Quite, so my general. But you kinow -the First Zouaves-there are only t enough left for once'more !' " I would like to hug you for that I' cried the general; ' you'll get the cross, you know ;' and still repeating, ' what men I' he said to his aide-de-camp some thinh I didn't understand--'m no scliolar, you know. But I remember it perfectly: ' Worthy of Plutarch, wasn't it. Bricourt ?' 1 " At that very moment the pain was too much for me and I fainted. You know the rest. I've often told you how they sawed oft my arm and how I drag ged along in delirium for two months in t the hospital. In my sleepless hours I used to ask myself if it was my duty to accuse Dry-Jean publicly. But could I prove it ? And then 1 said : ' He's a scoundrel, but lie's brave ; he killed Cavtain Gentili. but hlie took a flag from the enemy,' Finally, in my convales cence, I learned that as a reward for his courage Dry-Jean had stepped up into the Zouaves of the Guard and had been decorated. AI ! at first it gave me a disgust -t at my own cross which the colonel had pinned on me in the lios pital. Yet l)ry-Jean deserved hlis, too; only his Legion of iHonor ought to have served ais the bull's-eye for the squad ( detailed to put hlim out of existence. " it's aill far away now. I never saw him agaiin; hlie renminicd in the service and I becalnt a good civilian. But just now. when I saw that unifornm with its bu Illet-hole--God knows how it got there \--angiing a stone's-thlrow from the barracks where the murderer is. it seetm'ed to mie that the cnplain,the crime still utipunished, was clamnoring for lI did imyn utmost to quiet P'cre \Vidal, I assurint him that lhe lad acted for the hest. Five dilays later, on reaching the oflice, Vidal, handing me a paper foldtid itt vertain pa.ragraplh nrurncclri ravely: " Wh lat did t tell you?" readn " Auothler victinl of itntcnllcratee. -Yesterilay afternoon, ot tlit BIoule yard de G'renelle, a eirl:ain Jeani Mallei, known as Dry-Jean, sergeant in tlhe Zutatvesof the Itperiail 4 ;uard who with two conitipations had been Idrinking frh.ely, was seized with sl)tite oll Ilnifor-tlls t lsllagill ill a see eliiu - hor.l lie w-l-ehs bayoetit ;lald dtlshedit l down (lie street to tile t'ler'or of all passers-by. The twio privatls with himi hadil the utmnost dlillicully ill securing the madman, whIo shoutidl ceaselessly : ' I am not S;I Iaurdlerelc, 1 took til Austrian I lg at 3hl:gtnalo ! ' It seems that \- thi latter st1Itelent is true. Mallet iwas decorated for this feat ; his ad S dicttloll I tldrink halls alone lprevcntedt him f'ot r-ising in the -anks. lthal htlt, was conducted to the military f hospitalI of Giros-Callon, whence l(e I will soont ' r;ansferrtled to Charten 1iii. for it is doubhtful if hlie can re covt'r his rsiolnl." As I returlned til IPallcr to Vidal, lie looked at n nli ieatuislyandt conIcluded: " Captaitn Gentili iias a Corsican-he has aveieilt himsldf I 