THE SCHOOL MAID AND HER FATHER Girls are generally creditod with being raoro dutiful than their brothers to the wishes of their parents ; probably maternal Influence is respousible for this. Boys—sohool boys ftt any rate—aro pretty well all tarred with tho same brush, their firat atep in tha direction of striking for liberty nob infra* quontly amounting to playing truant from sohool, or ' wagging it,' aa it Is frequently tormed. "Whatever tho early offenceo of yo'ing ladieB may bo, they havo raroly boon charged wifrh thai of playing traanb. As an instance of obedience of paternal wishes may bo quaked tho following';—Miss Alice Marner is tho daughter of Mr George Marner, of % Lamington,' Viotoria Road, Aubcrn. Mias Marnor had been Tory ill, and upon roturning from school alio exporionced a continued languid fooling that made hor mosfa miier able. In the courso of conversation with ft roportor aho eaid 'Father took rats to boo r doctor, and ho said I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to excrb myself. Aa I had no inclination to do so, thoro was no foar ot my diaoboying thiB order, and 1 took tho 4 quinine tonio' given mo with regularity. Then I commenced to feel aoute pains in my shouldors and back, and at night I could scarcely gob any rest.1 ' Wo tried everything to induoo sleep,' in* terpoaed Mr Marner. ' but it had no effect ; then I consulted a well-known Collins Slroob practitioner. He said my daughter was suf fering principally from weakness, and advised a change, Her mothor took her away* for & trip to Queensland, but she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rislne In the morning ; and food tukon could not be kept down, She lost fleeh and booame a mere ghost. * This time last year,1 said Miso Alice, 'I weighed 7ot. Slbs., now I am Oat fibs. ' A groat Improvement ; your treatment taunt hav° been bunoBcial V ' No ; all the modiolno I got did me very llttlo good. Actually Dr w illUms' pink pills for pale people deserve that credits Juab boforo the Jubilee holidays last year, father bought m» a box of Dr Williams' pink piila at UrPleABance'a, Ohapel Street, Prahan. 1 had heard so much of tho bone&cial; changes whlsh tlioy had prodncod in others, that I oboyod father's wishes that I should be oaroj fnl to follow the directions. 1 am glad to nay that thoy did mo so much good that I con tinued with them. It is a long time since I discontinued taking thorn, and I am now as healthy bb anyone could wish.' ' And yon would recommend them !' ' Yos ; and that Btrongly, too,' said Mr Marner, 'had I known of Dr Williams pink pills two years before, it would have saved me a handrod pounds.' A perusal of the foregoing musb huvo shown you that Dr Wil initm' pink pills for pale pooplu aeoomplUH oures after other romodles havo failed, They did in Miss Marnor's case* For rheumatiim, Influenza, bronchitis, pneumonia, aoiatlca, lumbago, goooral weakness, eto., given a fair trial, thoy never disappoint. Avoid snbskl* tutcB and got tho'genuine pills Willi all 'oven words—Dr Williams' pink pllla for palo people—printed in red ink. on whlto outside wrapper. Of chamlsts and storekeepers, and tho Dr Williams' Modiolno Co., care Jttonke, Torapoitt and Co., ITHndors Street,' Mol« bourno ; six boxes fifteon and threepanos, one box two shillings and nlneponoe, post paid. Those are the pllla Trhloti ourod MUs Marner. 