Breaking In a Book Agent. I am afraid that I once spoiled a good book agent," said the head member of a book agency. "We had gotten out an expensive reli- «ious dook, and had advertised for agents to handle it. " Among the numerous applicants was a Ull, lanky youth. I asked him if he thought he could sell bookß, and he said that he reckoned he could. " ' Very well,' sadd I, • I'll see what you can do. Take this book, and consider that lam your intended victim. The price of the book runs from ten shillings to a pound. but you must always endeavour to sell the highest-priced book, although it is no dis grace if you only succeed in selling the cheaper kind. if you succeed in selling me a 'book 1 will hire you. Now go ahead.' "He took the. book, fumbled it awk wardly, and then stammered : " ' Ye don't wanter buy a book, do ye, mister ?' " I smilingly answered that I did not. "'Better buy one,' said be; 'I'll sell It to ye pretty cheap.' "/Get out of here !' I yelled, pretending 'to be mad. • Don't you see that sign, " Boo* Agents Not Wanted V" " ' I'll let ye hey one for a pound, mister, Beeln* it's ye,' said he, taking off his coat and throwing it on the floor. " ' I am afraid ' I began. "' A pound, mister, and cheap at the price,' he added, as he rolled up his shirt •leeves. " I didn't like the looks of all these war like proceedings, and declared the test off. But he refused, and gave me three min utes to ' dig up' the price of the book. " While I was trying to make the fellow understand that the joke had gone far enough, he jumped at me. " I didn't stand the ghost of a show with the husky youth, and I soon found myself oil the floor, with the would-be book agent •itting upon me, saying something about a book he would sell me ' powerful cheap.' " To save my life I reluctantly consented io take one of the ten shilling kind. He ■aid he was sorry, tout he only sold the twenty shilling kind. "He allowed me to get one hand loobc and I produced a sovereign ; whereupon he released me, and wanted to know bow soon he could go to work. "I kept my word and hired him, sent him as far we»t as I could, and then dis charged him by wire*" 