PARLIAMENT. ? ? ? ? THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The Speaker, took the chair at 4.30 p.m. \- NOTICES. The PREMIER gave notice that he would move -cm Monday next that for the remainder of tiie session ail Government business should take precedence of other motions and orders of the dav. Mr. ILLDTGWORTH said that he would, move on ^Monday nest that leave of ab sence for 'a fortnight be granted Jo the bon. member fpr z-iantagenet on account of pri vate bngnesB. * .jfc.'JCIJJ'GSMILL gave notice of motion ?' for .jVednesday next— That in the opinion Of this House the Government should, at an eaxry date, ? take into consideration the con etaxrtaon of a railway from Fort Hedland to JJarHe Bar.' Mr. HOLMES intimated thai at the next 1 sitting 'of' 1fce Honsa be would moVs for \ leave to restore to the notice paper his mo J tiou in regard to the administration of the Railway Department, which was interrupted by the 'count out' on Tuesday evening. CGTTESLOE LIGHTING AND POWER BILL. TUB bill was read the third time, and transmitted by message to the Legislative Council. FISHERIES .TUT.T. IN COMMITTEE. Clauses 1 and 2 were agreed to. Clause 3 — 'Interpretation.' 'Mr KINGSMILL moved that after the words 'inspector iwi\t inspector, or sub ? inspector of fisheries; and any officer of police ' or constable,' there should be in serted 'and any' person appointed under the }-an/i of & ^fjnigtep* or a justice of the .peace.' He suggested that in addition to the notice in writing they should be fur nished wi&i; some sort of a badge to show iieir authority to those persons whom they nay consider to be guilty of violating the 4.ct. The clause as amended was passed. Clause 4 was passed without amendment. Clause 5. Mr. BASON moved that in the first line the words 'for sale' ba struck out, and the words 'by any engine' inserted. Mr. KINGSMILL pointed out that 'any GCgine' . - would include the ordinary hook aa-i line, and reduce people to catching fish 'with tiieir h^jj^g Mr. RASON said that he had intended afterwards, to insert the words 'except by book or line.' Mr. LOCKE said that he knew of a man wifti caught in one haul £00 salmon, most of whjch -was wasted. During tiae last two years it had been almost impossible to drive along the .beach, at BuaseJton owing to the large quantity of fish lying rotting on the beach. He suggested tbat the appointment of game protectors and fish inspectors should oe wn^^mntflfi But birds, more even than men, were the enemies of the fish. His brother shot a cormorant, which was dis sected, and inside was found 37 small fish. He thought a bonus should be offered for fee. destruction of these birds. The COMMISSIONER for CROWN LANDS thought thai the restriction pro posed in tibe amendment would press hardly on -people visiting health resorts who might JSah for pleasure. It would mean that they would .have to take out a licence. Our .health, resorts were few enough. Mr. T.KAKF hoped tbat die amendment ?would not be pressed: The mover's object would be secured, by clause 16, Which said lhat any-one catching fish shall be deemed to be naming fish for sale, but if he were » sportsman . it 'would be for him to prove that be was fianing'-for pleitsuiJB. ' - The PREMIER: Everyone using a net should be licensed. ? ' Mr. LKAKF. : Only professional fishermen «*e a net. The PREJuER : The object o£ the billie tb prevent the wanton destruction of fish. .Mr. T.F.AKE : The clause does not 'want any alteration. __ Mr. SOLOMON thought that anyone fish ing with a net should have a licence. Mr. KINGSMILL asked whether it would be possible to licence the net and not the in dividual. By that means the difficulty could be overcome. There should be a clause in the . Aet prohibiting its application to the abori ginal population. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said that the suggestion to* licence to net was practicable, but' the difficulty would be in the working of the system. Nets could be passed from hand to hand. He would point out that the idea of the Act was to prevent the wanton destruc tion of fish, and he thought that every person using a net should 'have a licence. Mr. RASON withdrew his amendment in favor of one proposed by Mr. KingsmflL to add tne following words to the first para graph of clause 5: — 'Provided that no per son shall fish with a net, except for shellfish, unless lie is tne holder of a fisherman's licence.' Clause, ; as amended, carried. Clause 8 — 'Nets to be emptied in water.' Mr. KENtrisMILL moved to alter the depth of the water in which the nets were to be emptied from 3ft. to lft. He thought it would be an injustice to ask fishermen to draw their nets in 3ft. of water. Mr. LOCKE suggested that the amendment should be altered to '2ft.' Mr. KINGSMILL accepted the suggestion, ?nd the- words 'two feet' were 'inserted. Clauses 9 and 10 were passed. Clause U— 'Masthead light on boats fish ing after sunset;' Mr. (RASON pointed out that many of thes8_fiahing boats had no mast, and he moved, as an amendment, that, instead of the light being carried on the masthead, provision should be made? to compel fishermen to keep it exposed. The amendment was carried. \- Mr. SOLOMOS hoped that something would be done to prevent fishermen from burning flare-lights on their boats. The PREMIER did not think that the peo ple would obey the law if they imposed too many restrictions. In his opinion, no pru dent .master would be guided by flare-lights ?' .from such boats. . ' ' The 'clause, as amended, was passed. The remaining clauses were agreed to The COMMISIONER for LANDS moved the following, as a new clause, to stand as clause 18:— 'This Act shall not apply to fish obtained for food by the aboriginal inhabi tants of the colony in the customary man ner.' Agreed to. ' Schedule 1 was carried. ? ,Mr. E3NGSMDLL considered that the weight for schnapper, in schedule 2, was too low. There were two kinds of schnapper. That known as 'Squire'' was not so good as the -ether; He moved that 'Squire' be in serted in the schedule at 4oz. , and the weight «rf Gchnapper increased from 8oz. to 16oz. Ss also- moved that tie weight of 'tayior' b^ reduced from 6oz. to 4oz. The tayior w»a uuarceboaie and-destructive fish among Jb jfelkrtrs, and he wouJd like to penalise \:ihe amendments were agreed to, and tie a&edule; so amended was made part of tie inH* t i ' ' - Tbe bill -was reported to the- House, and tiu' conatderaitaon of the report was made an jorder of .tie day for. Monday next. , PAPERS. . JHfe= COMMISSIONER for RAILWAYS l$-raai'&e;' ttf&a; *-f«ie Hou*; reports with e^ocq^s and plus of route «f.the proposed ?pfflwayjt jfrom CooJgardie to Bonnie Vale, Mennes, to LeoadEa,' 'jggalgardic to Norse 'Aw, WMJ '1^/T'1^'1 '^i* CffinonaSlmp * also., a* report of tbe wrpwinwili node by t&e; tele graph branch of tir? General Post-office in (rireless telegraphy. DRAFT COMMONWEALTH BILL. SELECT COMMITTEE'S REPORT. Mr._ HIGHAM resumed the adjourned debate 'upon the amendment proposed by Mr. Wilson to strike out aH tie words after the word ''Premiers ' in line 2 up to and inclusive of tbe word 'Parliament' in line 4 of die following motion proposed by Sir John Forrest — 'tVhoi, in die opinion of this House it is desirable tbat the Common wealth Bill, as amended at tiie Conference of Premiers ; and tiie Commonwealth Bill (as amended at the Conference of Premiere), with the amendments suggested by tiie joint select committee of both Houses ot Parlia ment, should be botii referred to the vote of the electors, and that the necessary legis lation be introduced as early as possible. '- fc was appareat, he 'Said, to anyone inter ested in Western Australia . that the special conditions applying to this colony were alto gether overlooked by the conference and by their delegates to that body. Tie uni form tariff of the Commonwealth would, he felt certain, be introduced not in two or three years bat in six or eight months, and woiria be of a highly protective- nature. In his opinion, federation, neither on tbe basks of the original bill nor with the amend ments proposed by the joint select commit tee, would be satisfactory Ho this commu nity. He was convinced tbat federation would reduce tiioss engaged in agricultural and industrial pursuits in Western Austra lia to the low standard «f comfort enjoyed by persons engaged in similar pursuits in the other colonies. Western Australia had all the elements needed to make her people a nation in themselves. Mr. nXINGWORTH said that to ask the people to decide on three issues would be to cast the decision of this question upon a minority of the electorate. (The Premier: There are only two issues.) Supposing 30,000 people voted out of 44,000, and sup posing J.0,100 votersvoted 'No,~ 10,000 for tbe original bill, and 9,900 for the amended bill. ' (The Premier: It won't be put in that way). How, then, did the right hon. gentle man intend to put it? (Hie Premier: I shall be glad to tell you.) Supposing that it were put to the electors to vote 'Yes or No' for the original bill, and 'Yes or No' for die amended bill, in either case confu sion would be worse counfounded. The Pre mier's motion would have this effect, that we sbould sever know when tbe vote was over, and it was merely a red herring across tbe trail- (The Premier: And a very good job, too.) The people who desired feder ation most would vote for tbe original bilL (The Premier: Federation at any price!) No; federation at a given price, and the proposed amendments did not alter the price. ? Mr. VENN said that he could not follow tiie member for Central Murchison. He regretted that there was such a small House when so - important a- ques tion as federation was being dis cussed, and especially when it was likely that they would have a division that night. It would be a scandal if the division took place with such a small number of mem bers present. Some particular ' date should have been fixed on which to finish the debate. (Mr. Forrest: We can do that; make it. next Tuesday.) He desired to offer a few words of counsel to those who, with him, were strong federationists. *ie had seen no reason to alter his views on the question, as he was not afraid of Western Australia and her capabili ties to stand shoulder to shoulder with the other colonies. He was ashamed of those who were afraid of their fellows on the other side of the continent. He was sure that the Premier really was at the head of the move men| at the present time. He had not pro nounced himself as some of them had, for his responsibilities were very much greater, and it ?? was wise for him first to let the people thrash the matter out, and, when the time came,, to bring down certain amendments wftfch' he ^relieved should .be' carried. The two parties' should try and come together, and adopt a unanimous course on the question. If '/ifaey- attempted to. split straws. on the matter there would be such a division that the question would be lost. He repudiated the idea that the Premier desired to wreck the question by getting a double vote. There should be -no further delay, but they should carry a motion, so that Western Australia could, be one of the original states. The Gov ernment had promised to send ths original bill to the people, so it should be sent, and, if Parliament approved of the four amend ments proposed by the Premier, then a bill containing them should be submitted to the vote also. All parties, however, would have to work together, as otherwise They would not get federation at alL (Mr. Forrest: That would be a very good job.) If the other colo nies federated without Western Australia, the latter would be in a very- different posi tion from what it was now. That position would be impossible. (Mr. Forrest: Why?) Tbat should be patent to every man who had a thought, political or otherwise. It would be in the' position of an isolated State standing against a great political and com mercial combination. The colony would be occupying an untenable position. If they did not enter now they would be forced to by and by. What had Western Australia' to fear? It had a gold yield of 2Q5,000oz. in one month, and that would go on increasing. With its territory, climate, and industries Western Australia had nothing to fear in being shoulder to shoulder with the other colonies. They should be ashamed of them selves and the stand that was being taken on the question. As a pastoralist, and the holder of a large quantity of land in the colony, he was not afraid of the future, and he be lieved that' fhdse in a similar position to himself held- similar views. With federation and intercolonial free trade, their position and progress would be ten times more assured than if they were an independent State, hos tile' tb the tariff and to their brothers on the other side of Australia. It seemed to him that, as far as the debate was concerned, they had been drifting into a. wrong chrUineL They should have dealt with the original bill item for item, and, when they came to those clauses which had been amended by the select com mittee, the House should nave discussed them, and said whether they agreed with any, all, or none of them. If the House bad gone through the whole bill, and amended certain clauses, then the bilL. with the amendments, should have gone to tbe people. If, on the other hand, they .approved of the recom mendations of tiie committee, hotus bolus, without considering them in all their phases, they would be swallowing the bill without having given it the consideration thsy should have done. That would be a very undesir able state of affairs. It seemed to him that tne consideration of the recommendations of the select committee was a little out of place, and they should have some opportunity of dealing seriatim with the clauses. He thought that any intelligent man, on reading the evi dence taken bv the select committee, and considering the cross questions and remarks made by the members of the committee, could only come to one conclusion, that that com mittee should have absolutely opposed federa tion in anv circumstances. The recommenda tions of the committee were, however, alto gether different, and disclosed how strong the feeling with regard to federation was in the minds not only of the Premier but of the other members who formed the select com mittee. Their recommendations were abso lutely opposed to the evidence they 'had taken, and, after all, those four proposed amendments were very immaterial to the bill itself. It had been ithonght wise by the select committee that the amendmente -that had been made should be submitted to the House. He did not say for one moment that they were bad. He certainly thought that they were good, and that it would be beneficial to the colony if they could be inserted in the Common wealth Bfll, but it did seem strange that the gentlemen ? wfeo ' attended - the Convention did not dank of those matters at tbe proper time. He agreed with the Premier that had these proposals been brought under the no tice of tiie Conventions they would have found a place in the bill, but unfortunately they were not thought of. They were now at the stage at which they were going to commit themselves, eidier to tihe amend ment moved by the hon. member for Can ning or the amendment moved by the Pre mier. His sympathies were with the for mer gentleman, but he thought it would be more to the interests of the country if they could all agree. But they could not agree, and if they went to a division the hon. member's amendment would be Iwst. They could not afford to be divided, and they. should therefore try and effect some combmaftion and work to the one end. Be fore concluding, he desired to mention that h? listened with tiie greatest possible plea sure to the address which the Commissioner for Crown Lands delivered a few evenings ago. Tbat speech raised them from a leth argic state, for it came straight i^pm the heart, and, moreover, was a commonsense speech, which flowed that tbe hon. gentle man hod faith in Western Australia and faith in himself. If they had no faith in tihis colony, then they should cry peccavi. But they had only to look at the* enormous wealth thai they bad in gold, tin, lead, copper, coal, and' other industries, and what, therefore, had they to fear? He did not tbink that he could support tiie hon. mem ber for Canning, and he hoped that be Would not go to a division on his amend ment, because, wnfle he was strongly in favor of federation, be did sot tJunk that it would lead to a good result, if tiie hon. member did press tbe amendment to a di vision', he supposed that tbe only reasonable course thai, he could follow wonBd be to go with him. He would, however, do so with regret. Ubey could go to the countey witih two biSe, but wfih strong recommendations on one bilL so as to get the voice ot the people on tbat. At this stage tbe Speaker left the chair for an hour. On tiie House resinning, Mr. WOOD said that it was too much to ask them to support the amendment, which simply meant that the original bill was to go to tiie people, and that only. He would vote against it. He also touched upon a matter that other members, be said, had over looked — that was the majority vote. He con sidered that there should be a majority of two-thirds in favor of tiie bill to secure its adoption by tiie country. The PREMIER said that tiie member for Central Murchison bad gone out of his way to accuse him of having some ulterior object hi view in mating this motion, and had eaid that he (the Premier) was trying to draw a red-herring across the trail. But tiie hon. member was accustomed to making extraordi nary statements, which surprised no one. la his (Mr. Illingworth's) opinion, the only way in which -we could federate was by adopting the original bill as amended by the Premiers. The argument of the member for Central Murchison came to tins — that no mat ter how disadvantageous that bill might be thought to be by some people, still, as fede rationists, they must accept it and trust to the future. His (tbe Premier's) enthusiasm for federation-, however, did not carry him quite as far as that. We could not go into federation if we were going to lose a lot of money over it, and no one expected us to do S3. The member for Central Murchison also seemed to think that there would be a great many difficulties in the way of obtaining an expression of opinion from die people, unless a single issue were put before them — would the people have the original bill or not? He (Mr. Dlingworth) had a poor opinion of tiie people if he thought that they would be un able to understand a simple proposition, even if it were put before them in three issues. (Mr. Ulingworth: Is it to be a simple pro position?) If half-a-dozen propositions were put before them in simple language they would understand them. (Mr. Dlingworth : You did not understand me.) No one could under stand the hon. member, who got more and more confused every day. ~ As- a matter of fact, there would be only two questions put to the people. Hie two questions would be printed on separate pieces of paper, and be in different puts of the same room, and the ?electors would go in and answer them separ ately. The first question would be, 'Are you in favor of either bill?' If the voter was in favor of either bilL he would strike out the word 'No' and leave tiie word 'Yes.' Those who were opposed to federation on any con ditions would also be opposed to both bills, so that in voting they would strike out from the paper the word 'Yes.*' If, after all tbe votes in the colony were taken, the noes pre ponderated, the first question would be at an end. The question on the second paper wonld be, 'If you are bound to have one of these bills, which will you have?' What simpler questions could be put to the people? - The more important question was whether, in the event of the majority of the people being in favor of the bill as amended, the colony would be able to enter federation. Some people said that the other colonies would not accede to the amendments, and it was only beating the air to persevere with them; but he war not of that opinion. He was almost posi tive that the bill as passed in the other colo nies would be amended in some particulars by tbe Imperial Parliament, not in matters af fecting those colonies materially ,bnt in so far as they affected the Imperial ParliaLient. That was not only his opinion, but the opinion of many prominent persons at tiie head of this move ment. One of the leaders of federation in Australia, who had written to him on the subject, believed tbat some amendments would be made to the failL. He thought that the main amendments asked by Western Australia would meet with ready acquiescence both by the Imperial Government and the other colo nies, so that the whole of the Australian colonies might -be included in the Common wealth. Anrfthpr important point was that, if Western Australia did not come into federa tion, the representation of New South Wales and of Victoria in the House of Representa tives -would correspondingly suffer, and that matter would, no doubt, weigh with them. (Hear, hear.) He could not understand how tuere could be any objection on the part of the other colonies to the proposals of Western Australia. He could not agree, however, with Mr. Venn that we should, in any cir cumstances, suffer as a small State alongside the big ones. In Europe that difficulty was not found by Belginm, Switzerland, and Hol land. We should be a self-governing country. He felt convinced that if the other colonies were shown that we were in earnest in the matter, not the least difficulty would be found in getting the amendments we required. The matters involved were small, as far as the other States were concerned, but very import ant as regards ourselves. Everybody knew that almost every member in the House ap proved of the amendments on their merits. They would see when the decision was taken what the strength of the opponents was, but they must remember that those who were voting against the Government proposals were merelv strengthening the hands of the anti federalists in another place. (Hear, hear.) Mr. JAMES considered that the proper time to consider the matter would be wnen they got the FnaMiTigr Bill before them. There fore he wonld limit his observations on the present occasion to one or two points. It was said that Chose who, like himself, sup ported federation, did so at any price; but that was ungenerous on the part of those who not only had a majority in the House, but also controlled the metropolitan press. The bill had been framed by -delegates who were fairly representative of the Parliament which sent them. This Parliament elected the delegate* for the .purpose of going to the Convention. As the Premier then pointed out, by the passing of the EnaHing Bill the members were com mitting themselves to the broad question of federation, but their desire was to have the delegates sent to the Convention to watch affairs and see if they could control the for mation of the constitution. They all appre ciated the fact that whatever commonwealth came into existence it mast be one based hugely on the lines of the bill of 1891.' When the Enabling Bill was brought before ' the House it had verv miifli the same genesis as the similar ones passed in the sister colonies, and those bills arose from a suggestion made at the Premiers' Conference in Hobart in 1896\. All the other bills provided that the delegates sbould be elected bv the people, and that the bill passed by the Convention should be sent direct to tne people for ac ceptance or rejection. Western Australia de parted from the custom by providing that tbe delegates sbould be elected by Parlia ment, and that when the bill had been1 passed by the Convention it should go. before Parlia ment for approval ; but the understanding at tbe time was clear' that Parliament should not interfere with the details of the bill. Mr. FORREST: Why should it not? The PREMIER : We never discussed that point. Mr. JAMES: No one questioned the fact that Parliament had the supreme authority, but tiie idea was that tbe bill should be sent as it was by Parliament to the people, or be not sent at all ; but Parliament, must not in terfere with the details of the bill. The right hon. gentleman, in introducing the bill in 1896, said:— 'It will be noticed that there will be no .power for Parliament to alter tiie bill as it comes from the Convention. It can be sent on, or it need not be.' He said sub sequently: — 'The Parliament will have the opportunity of saying. whether it will be sent on or not, and it will also have the power subsequently of dealing with it when, the question comes np of whether it should be forwarded for presentation to the Queen, and, therefore, throughout the procedure, which is definite and simple, Parliament will be supreme.' The Premier said definitely that there would be no power for Parliament to alter the bill as it came from the Conven tion. That was the intention of Parliament at that time, and of the Enabling Bill. Of course it was .possible to revoke that decision, but that was th^intention. It was meant that Parliament should exercise the supreme power, «nd 6ay that the lull should be sent to the people sis it stood, or that it should aoc be eent, tiie reason being that it was thought that the details of the bill should be left to the Convention, and that, those being settled, Parliament should not resolve itself' into a separate convention for the purpose of again discussing the details disposed of by the Convention. With that sense of responsi bility upon Parliament, the delegates were appointed. They bad a bill which had been approved of by the most important and re sponsible of the delegates — the Premier. He had expressed bis approval of 'it on more than one occasion. During the past few months he bad thought, apparently, that the mature opinion at which he had Arrived after ten or twelve years' study required recon sideration. There could not be anything seriously or wickedly wrong in the bill, in favor of which tbe Pre mier had spoken very strongly in May, 1898, and on other occasions. Tt may be that the bill was not as good as the Premier had thought, but that was a question which should be determined by the electors only. Now it was suggested that the people Were quite competent to decide aU the various issues likely to arise if the bill .were sub mitted to them as it left the Premiers' Con ference, and with tiie amendments proposed by the Select Committee. Now, he thought that there would be a very great difficulty: in deciding tiie question, allowing that it needed great care for tiie people to decide what was the correct thing to do, having re gard to the issues. It Was not a question of saying whether the bill as it left tiie Confer ence was all that they desired to see. That they were prepared to dispose oi ; but they must bear in mind that, having regard to the fact that unless they accepted the Premiers' bill as it stood, or were they prepared to re ject the bill with its attendant consequences, and vote in favor of tiie amended one? It was his earnest opinion that it was a very difficult question for anyone to determine. The question was whether they were pre pared to take the risk — what the risk might be each would have to determine for himself — and reject the bill for the purpose of en deavoring to get the amendments, which might or might not be obtained. There was this point to 'consider: A great number of people would probably be in favor of some ot the amendments, and be opposed to others. There wee the question of the separation jf i the colony into districts for the felection of Senators. There was a wide difference cf opinion with regard to that, not only among those who believed in federation, tmt also among those who opposed it. In every one of the amendments there was room for. a great difference of opinion. In the sister colo nies it bad been said that there would be no difficulty in obtaining the amendments There again they obscured the issue, for there was the question for each man to decide whether those amendments would or would not be obtained. It would be impossible for the people to decide if they were going !o have two bills put before them, even in the wav suggested by the Premier. It had been suggested that the Imperial Parliament could make the alterations. Of course it had supreme Parliamentary power, and could make the amendments. It had been said that that body had made amendments on other similar occasions, but it was not likely that the amendments would be made unless they had the unanimous approval of the Premiers of the sister colonies. The Premiers of ihe other colonies knew the- position taken by the Premier here, and they had known all along that an overwhelming majority of the members of Parliament of this colony was opposed to the bill as it stood. He would have thought, therefore, that they would have communicated with the Premier of this colony as to whether they wonld or would not recommend the adoption of the amend ments by the Imperial Parliament. If they could be* clear on that point, some of the diffi culties would be removed. The PREMIER : They are waiting to see what we shall do. Mr. JAMES: I cannot understand what thev are waiting for, for they know as well as we' do what the Parliamentary position is here. Ik PREMIER: I have not approached them sines the y»w»rMinnpnt«! were introduced. Mr. JAMES thought it a great pity that he had not done so. If the Premiers ob jected to the amendments the Imperial Par liament would not introduce them. It might deal with the bill as it affected the royal prerogative, and the constitutional matters which affected the British Crown. The Imperial Parliament would know thai it went to them jwt only with tbe sanction of tiie colonial Parliaments but with the affirmative vote and an overwhelming ma jority of the people of Australia. He would ! tike to sav, but width the utmost respect, that the Premier himself was perhaps to blame as much as anyone else for a curtain amount of warmth which had been brought into the discussion. He could not help thinking that if any terms were to foe ob tained, 4die best way wonld have been not by attacking vigorously those of them who thought that the bill was good or those who formed opinions laagely on arguments, .but bv pointing out at the earliest opportu nity those matters tbat they might have overlooked at the Conventions, those mat ters that tbe country might nave over looked, because he repeated that that Par liament ajid Chat colony was just as mnch responsible for tiie shortcomings as tbe dele gates themselves. It should have been pointed oat in what way the bill was de fective. Had the Premier done that, bad he pointed out what, to bis mind, were the difficulties, they would have mJin'H how mnch. he had supported federation in the past, and he would perhaps have been listened to with greater patience and greater attention. He wae anxious that the Pre mier should lead the federal movement in this colony. Had he done so he was confi dent that there would have a. far better op portunity of obtaining the amendments than at present. Long betfore the meeting of Parliament tie Federal League requested the right hon. gentleman to lead the move ment, but he replied that he would not do so, nor woidd he express an opinion until Parliament met, or until aU the other colo nies had joined. The nest stage was the meeting of Parliament, and then, for the first time, they found that the question had been made a party issue, and he did not think that he was wrong in drawing that inference from the Address-in-Reply. Tt was hix intention to support tbe hon. member for the Canning, for he thought that they should give* the people an opportunity of saying whether they wanted this bul or not. It would be the 'only opportunity they would have of expressing their opinion upon it, and by agreeing to the amendment they ?would let the people themselves decide wlhether they wanted it or not. He was quite certain that the issues amounted to exactly the same thing, and he really be lieved that the Premier wodld have seen that if he had not committed frirngpilf so strongly to the select committee. If the majority of people in tins colony were in favor of the amendments then they wonld not be able to eater as an original State. (The Premier: I don't think that.) At any rate, the chances would be against their entering as an original State. But he did not think tbat the other colonies would consent to all the aanendments. The second amendment, that in regard to the railways, would perhaps be one tbat there might not be much difficulty about. (The Premier: I think that is the only one that will give trouble. The others will be easy to deal with.) The third amendment was one that they could not reasonablv expect the other colonies to agree to. (The Premier: I think that is one of the easiest.) Ho did not agree with tbe Premier. They would find it very difficult to obtain the acquies cence of tiie other colonies. He desired to point out that if the people voted for the amendments they would be voting against the bill of the Premiers, and that was very clear. 'Hiey had before them one of two things. If those who believed in the amendments could convince the people tiiat tiie bill, as framed at the Premiers' Conference, was detrimental to the interests of the colony, all they would have to do would be to vote against it. (Mr. George: Then we will have no federation.) If the Premiers' bfll was rejected then ths House would know what the country required. The electors should have the right to say whether they approved of it as it was or not. (The Pre mier: Why don't vou give them the choice of the bills?) The difficulty then was that they would not have «. clear cut issue. They would have placed before them an alterna tive which might or might not be obtainable. Whether hon. members agreed to the terms of the Premier's bill or not, the people should have the right to say 'Yes' or 'No' to it, and should not have placed before them as an alternative a bill embodying amendments which represented the views of a majority of the House. It had clearly been the intention of the Premier that the 'bill, as it left the Convention, should be sent to the people for their acceptance or rejection. It was never intended that Parliament should go into tbe discussion of the hundred odd clauses of the bill. If Parliament believed that the bill, as it stood, would be detrimental to the inte rests of the country, it should throw it out, and not let it go to the people. They should either send tbe whole bill or no bill at all. The PREMIER: We want federation Mr. JAMES: It was only a few months since tbe Commonwealth Bill was before Par liament, and all the conditions suggested now were just as obvious then. Parliament had given no instructions to its delegates, and now, after two years, they had all these mat ters raised. ? The PREMIER: We are getting into close quarters. Mr. JAMES : The House never thought of those amendments two vears ago. * The PREMIER: The bill was not con sidered then. Mr. JAMES: The issue should have been brought before the people. The PREMIER: We made a lot of sug gestions, which were not carried out. Mr. JAMES : Not one of the sugcestions made touched these questions. Thev did not think of it then. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL: Let us think of it now. Mr. GEORGE : If we were blind then, it is no reason why we should continue to be so Mr. JAMES: If this great supreme Par liament did not know what it was talking about two years ago, does it know now? Mr. EWEfG thought it highly desirable that tbe people should be given an opportu nity of entering into federation. Many peoT pie who would not federate on the terms of the original bill might possibly do so on the terms of the amended bill, and the question was, 'Will the manner in which the bills are proposed to be submitted lead to a false re sult in the voting?' A very simple plan would be to ask the elector if he was in favor of federation, and which bill did he favor. He denied the right of Parliament to throw the biii out. The House was not returned on the issue of federation, and consequently it was not competent for it to decide the matter. (Mr. Oldham: We have no mandate to amend it.) They had no mandate to amend it or to accept or reject it, but they micht make suggestions to the people. Seeing that their desire was that the people should have the right to vote on this question, they should give them every opportunity of voting for or against federation. The federalists would be adding a second string to their bow by sending both bills to the people, as if they did not succeed on one bill they might hope to succeed on the other. He would support the motion of the Premier to send both bills to tbe people. Mr.GEORGE could not support the amend ment of the hon. member for the Canning. The hon. member knew well that he had not the ghost of a chance in succeeding with his amendment, and. his action could have pro ceeded from no other motive than that of creating delay. Mr. OLDHAM could not support the amendment of the hon. member for the Can ning, who had not acted with his usual dis cretion in bringing it forward. He (Air. Oldham) wanted the issues placed before the people in such a ?manner that the result shall be the undoubted reflex of the desires of the people of the country, and that result would be best secured by the proposal of the Premier. He disagreed with Mr. James in thinking that, because the House sent delegates to the Convention, no alteration could be made in the bill which those delegates assisted in pre paring. What he wanted was a form of federation which would be fair to Western Australia, and the proposal of the Premier would enable the people to say whether they considered tbe form of federation before them was fair and adapted to their requirements. He congratulated the Premier upon tiie course he had taken in the matter. Mr. SOLOMON would urge a conciliatory and a give- and-take policy. He thought that the select committee had pursued a most i moderate course, and showed its anxiety to adopt federation if' it could be done without too serious a sacrifice of the best interests of the colony. The amendments proposed were of a very important character, although thej were not such as need involve delay or oppo sition on the part of the sister colonies, especi ally if those colonies were sincere in their de sire to meet us. As the Premier had pointed out, if there were one electorate for the Sen ate, only a portion of the colony would be elected. There would be no objection to what Western Australia proposed in that matter. They need only forward an approv ing despatch to England when the bill weut before the Imperial Parliament. Our indus tries would be crippled if the amendments proposed by the select committee were not carried into effect. The wine industry, for instance, would be ruined, and that was only one out of many. In the other colonies they liad had 30 or SO years within which to build up their industries by bonuses and other means. The proper time, however, to deal ! with such matters would be when the bill | came before the House. Mr. MOORHEAD had come to only one conclusion after reading the long and tedious 'Hansard' reports of the debates on federa tion, and that was that it would be a good thing if the 'Hansard' vote was reduced. It was absurd tuat the moneys of the colony should be wasted in the publication of the reiteration of the speeches of hon. members on federation. He thought that the sooner the issue went to the people the better, 'lie House had not got much 'forrader' in the matter of putting before the people anv ad vantages to be derived from federation with the other cblonies. He had listened to the hon. member for East Perth with great atten tion in the hope that he, being what he might term the apostle of federation, would say what practical advantages were to be derived from their adoption of the principle. All he had ascertained was, however, that they must accept or reject the bill in its entirety': that they had no business to warn the * people against the danger that might accrue; and that to put before them the ajuendxneuts sug gested by the Premier would be false to the trust reposed in the delegates sent to the Con vention. He could not accept that doctrine, fur the question had never been submitted to the people, and the delegates wiio went over to the picnics on tbe other side had never re ceived a mandate from the people to discuss either the principle or the details of the measure. That tbe delegates had not done this was apparent in tbe bill that came back to the House. He desired to explain the contradictory vote he was about to give. In the language of the member for East Perth, he was an extremist, for he was de&d; against federation, and he would be false to the labors of the best years of his life if he -were to turn round now and vote for the principle he had opposed in another hemisphere. He could not imagine that a man of common sense should be willing to abandon to other people* the control of h;s own aifairs. Anv person who had experienced the detrimental effect of over-centia- lisation must know th.it with federation the colony must become but an appendage to the other colonies. The wealth of the colony would follow ths s^at of Government, men of means would leave its shores, and in time the drain caused noiv by the removal of the gold to England would be enhanced by the removal of those among them who were possessed of wealth made .!u thj colony. Those were some of the conse quences which was apparent to all of them, for they had an example in the experiences 'n the Irish troubles. Not only would this be the case, but their own internal affairs — even the management of the posi-ofBce — -woa'd follow the removal of the Government *rous their midst. Opposed as he was to federa tion, he still recognised that he was in the House as the mouthpiece of the people in his constituency, and as such he was the trustee of their views. He had no right to speak or to seek to bind the people of the colony in a 1 matter not -of local but of national importance, J which had- never been submitted to them J Gould any individual member of the House say that the views he entertained and enunci ated were those of his constituency? The question had never been submitted to 'he people, and much less could the members --f tiie House arrogate to themselves the -ight to bind the future destinies of the colony t-n a question of such importance, when ttey recollected that the House was not repressata tive of the people. It was absurd to sar that the number of voters on the roll who had re turned members formed the electorates - t the j colony, and absurd to say that the 9,003 voters who had 6ent the members to 'he House were the only people entitled to have their voices heard on the question. Therefore, opposed as he was in the extreme to federa tion, not on tbe mere petty question of die industries to be affected or the food duties to be swept away, but on the broader .aid wider principle that they had no right 10 barter away the internal management of their affairs to other people, he was still in favor of the question being left to the people, and for the people to assume the responsibilities of the decision. That was tie duty of the members of the House, and it had been recog nised by the right hon. the Premier. The member for East Perth bad said that they had no right to submit anything else but the biil to tiie people. He differed from that on the grounds he had mentioned, and further more because it was absurd that, if they dis covered that the measure which the delegates had agreed to accept were faulty, they should be bound to adopt it straight away. He was sure that even those on the other side would agree now that a better bill might have been provided. The inclusion of the suggestion of the committee would have improved tiie measure, and if members were of that opinion, why could they not effect those amendments now? He could see nothing against that action being adopted. Certainly, if tbe dele gates had received a mandate from the people on the bill they would have been bound by the action of the delegates. In the cirenra Etances, however, where they found tie bill defective, and knew that they might seriously imperil the future prosperity of tiie colony, was it not their bounden duty — if not em powered to alter the bill — at least to set forth their views in such a way that they might have the necessary effect on the Premiers of the other colonies? It had been said that the Premiers would not amend the bill, but he ventured to think that they would be very glad to amend it if the result were that this colony would enter federation. The strongest argument for such a conclusion was in that morning's paper, where it was anounced that the gold output for October was over 200.000oz. He considered that the Premier Reserved the thanks of the House for the amendments he had suggested. He thought that federation would be detrimental, so that, if it were so, the next best thing to rejecting it was to render it as little harmful as was possible. The Premier had taken the step of submitting what were termed contra dictory and involved issues. He saw nothing involved in them, and their simplicity had been pointed out by the member for the Swan. The issues were simple, and need not involve even a second ballot-paper, and, cer tainly, people who were so dull as not to be able to form an opinion upon them were hardly those who should have the right to deal with the destinies of tbe colony. There fore, although he was opposed to federation, he was in favor of it being submitted to the people, and with the proposed amendments. Let it be put before the people, so that they could see tbe dangers that would ensue, not alone to them but to generations to come. Therefore, it was best to submit the main issue, together with the subordinate ones as set forward in the amendments. Mr. LEAKE said that it was refreshing to hear such a manly, outspoken speech as that of the hon. member for North Murchison, and he congratulated that gentleman on his first important effort in the House. Such remarks as his would undoubtedly raise the tone of the debates in the Assembly. The idea of the amendment of the bon. member for Canning was to sive a second debate, for prac tically it embodied the resolution on the busi ness-paper urging that the petition of the Federal League should be granted. If, there fore, there were any hon. members who were in favor of that petition they could give effect to their views by voting for the amendment of the hon. member for Canning. Before re suming; bis seat he desired to refer to the sug gestion that had been made as to the course that might be followed if the referendum was not granted by Parliament. He considered that the shortest and most proper course would be to have an immediate dissolution upon the question, with the idea of deciding the feeling of the people, and to let them re turn their members to Parliament to speak emphatically on this important question. If be country returned members opposed to federation, the whole matter would have to be left alone then for some years, until the Federal Government had been formed, when they could discuss with the real and proper authority as to the terms upon which they would be admitted. (Hear, hear.) The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said that the amendment of the hon. member for Canning had for its object practically the nullifying the whole of the labors of the select com mittee, while it was also a vote of censure on the labors of that body. He submitted that it was the duty of the House not to rush the question through in hot haste, as it had not received the consideration that had been given to it in the other colonies. The House divided on the question that the words proposed to be struck out by Mr. Wil son's amendment should stand part of the question, with the following result: — Ayes (24) — Sir John Forrest, Messrs. Penne father, Piesse, ThrosselL, Lefroy, Woods, Harper, Moorhead, George, Solomon, Locke, Mitchell, Forrest, Connor, Holmes, Higbam, Monger, Quinlan, Hubble, Rason, Ewing, Oldham, Robson, aud Morgans (teller). Noes (8) — Messrs. James. Leake, Wilson, niingworth, Venn, Wallace, Oats, and Kings mill (teller). Majority of 16 for the Ayes. Messrs. Conolly and Gregory and Messrs. Phillips and ijhoil paired on the question, the former being in favor of the amendment and the latter against it. The ATTORNEV-GENERAL moved the adjournment of the debate on the original lesolution of the Premier. Mr. LEAKE asked whether there was any possibility of having a final division on the question at an early date. The PREiOEK expressed his willingness to take a division en Tuesday next. Tne debate was adjourned accordingly. FEDERAL LEAGUE PETITION. X'he House divided on Mr. Leake's motion that the prayer of the petition of the Wes tern Australian Federal League be acceded to, with the following result: — Ayes (8). — Messrs. Wilson, Venn, Wallace, Oats, Iliingworth, Leake, Kingsinill, and Juices (teller). Xoes (20). — Sir John Forrest, llfv-STE. Pennefather, Piesse, Throsssli, Lefroy, Mor gans, Monriit.id, Solomon, Hubble, !«.?*-. n, Harper, Mitchell, Locke, Forrest, Higlism, Monger, Quinlan, Connor, Robson, and George (teller). Majority of 12 for the noes. 'A POLITICAL TRICK.' The PREMIER complained that the leader of the Opposition had been guilty of 'a politi cal trick.' He said that the substantive motion before the House was a motion in his (the Premier's) name, and its substance was that the bill which formed the subject of the petition was the same biil with the amend ments of the select committee. The member for the Canning moved an amendment that the bill, as amended by the Premiers, should } be sent by itself for the vote of the people, and that was negatived. As it stood now. his motion was before the House, not withstanding that tbe motion of the member for the Canning was to the same effect as the ' mc-tion moved by the member for Albany. : jhe result, however, was that they had had a diefcon, in which tliey had votc-d ,| exactly opposite to the w^y in which they jj had voted two or three minutes before, viz., . .% that the bill by itself should be referred to the _4 j-tople. His motion also was that the an- iend- 1 ed bill should &e; submitted to tha people. j Jtfr. FORREST: It is 'a political trkk.' J The SPEAKER ? I do cot think lh::t the? j are different questions. 3 Mr. LEAKE: An I entitled to be 3)0.irQ j| on this? There are Trords in my resjlution '1 about being in time to join as an original -#1 State. There is a petiiion invsiMitcd to Par- 'J lianient. and it has to he de^lr with. x The SPEAKER: It is ueuk with bv the 1 hon. member. 'm Mr. LEAKE: It is rejected, and the only | question is the question of i'it petition. It ^ must be got off the notice paper in liie usual a way. -'I The SPEAKER: The same f.aesjion can- v| not be decided twice in liie House : b'JV 1 % den't know e-santly \v5ia,t cai bo done now. T!:e jj House has divided on the two ix-s^'iinniis. It :« was probably my fault in having allowed it io || take I'lace. but, having taken place, I can jf see no remedy for it. -3 The PBKMTKR: It is a trick. J Mr. GEORGE : A despicable trick. 1 Mr. LEAKE: That is what vou say ta ;*J 23,000 people. ' 1 ADJOURNMENT. | The House, at 10.20 p.m., adjourned to 4.39 ~M p.m. on Tuesday next. |! 