H'lXaaPOBTK. Bt J.O.B. Owing to the presence of a ghost at the Blay ney copper mine the workmen are leaving by half-dozens. Up to the present the spook has con fined itself to sighing, groaning, blowing out candles, making strange noises, and brushing past the miners. So long as it restricts itself to these feeble manifestations there ia little to be feared. But with spectres, as with men, immunity breeds recklessness, so that before long the Blayney shade may take to breaking tools or removing ore. There was a time when apparitions connned tnem- m selves to diamond mines or to rich gold deposits. 1 That they've come down to copper suggests that g things are not as bright as they were in the spirit- I world. Should they have to submit to a further fall I —should they have to put up with iron mines, brick g yards, and lime-kilns— the prospect before live oj 9 dead humanity is not cheering-. The person who I in this life spent eight hours a day wheeling bricks 1 will derive small comfort on learning that when 1 his flesh is gone his occupation will remain. The 1 spiritualists should be consulted. Sydney is full I of people who at one sitting could find out all I about the Blayney ghost, and why it was shoved I in a wet shaft iu a copper mine. From where I I write I could pitch a biscuit on to the roofs of a I dozen houses whose occupants know enough to ? yank the most cross-grained spook out of a crater ? and make it tell its story. v- * # * ♦ m ?Eg The recent spinsters' ball at Dudgee (N.S.W.) m will long be remember by those who were there, k and by those who were not. A local -papers says M that on entering the supper room after the ' !an- B cers,' ' The tables were foimd to be loaded with if eatables sufficient to make an epicurean gaze with H delight.' It is clear that the lancers were out of I sorts, and didn't do their duty. I've run against H various regiments of this gaudy branch of the ser- B vice, the 5th Royal Irish included, and it is but ? fair to them to say that when anybody entered a I supper-room or a bar after them he'd find precious ? little on the tables or behind the counter — certainly I not enough to arouse the enthusiasm of an I epicurean. The same journal states that at the Hill I End social in the Wesleyan Church ' the refresh- I jneute, owing to the great number present, were I not so plentiful as eome desired.' Thus, in the I matter of attention to mere animal wants it would jfc appear that Budgee was a good first. But it is in V connection with the Mitchell's Creek surprise I party that the paper's social writer lets himself I out on the toilettes. Thus : — I Mrs. &., Junior Bed and black m Mrs. T. ., White. « Mrs. B. White and black. ? Miss B. Black and white. m Miss C. Blue and browu. ? Half the pleasure of rural felicity consists in hav- I ing justice done your war-paint by an expert. I * * ' * * I From the A.vondale Lunatic Asylum (N.Z.) a m patient reoently made his escape only to surrender ? himself 20 days after. According to law, a fort- I night's absence necessitates a new medical ex- ? amination. Before the fresh board the late con- I finee not only proved to be of sound mind but I possessed of reasoning powers much above the I average. So the authorities stand limp and dumb- . a founded in the face of the three-headed puzzle : — I (a) Was he sane all the time ? I (b) Was it his incarceration that restored his JL sanity? «p (o) Was it his escape that brought him to I reason ? m And at the bottom of all lurks the public «us- I picion that the days have by no means gone by K when tbe occupant of a padded cell is a good sample of a sensible citizen. * * * a The second progress report of the Victorian Eoyal Commission on technical education is an eye-opener. The result system is so emphatically condemned that its sentence to perpetual banish ment cannot be much longer deferred. In tech nical matters the pupilB are in a chronic state of 'mark time,' which is nofc to be wondered at considering, according to the Commission, that the teachers are not competent to instruct them. Briefly, in comparison with European methods, our neighbours Beem to be hopelessly behind. It is not for us to ' holler,'* for probably a similar inquiry here would expose similar shortcomings. A good deal of this backwardness is attributed to the retrenchment policy arising from the pro digality oE previous administrations. But the economy following on the employment of teachers who cannot teach has some advantages. It calls up remembrances of the Squeers Academy, so famous for loud cry and little wool. Even in advanced Australia there's still something to be learnt frDtn the benighted outside -world — some wrinkles still to be obtained from the rotten old monarchies of Europe. * * * * If every circus proprietary throughout the Em pire would behave as the Piizgetald Brothers at Melbourne, no further contretemps would arise from stampeding mules and disappeaiing maxims. Fiiz-G freree made a present of 12 trained horses to the departing Victorian contingent. It might be confidently asserted that the quadrupeds which could stand clowns' jokes would never run from Boer shells. A whole battery of mountain howit zers might be discharged full in their faces with out inconveniencing them in the leatt. In fact, they'd probably take it as a signal io lie dowe and remain quiet till the firing was over Ab a vehicle for the transport of machine guns and spare am munition the circus horse has at last found his true vocation. If anything short of an earthquake can make him desert his poet, it is because his training has been neglected. Should the pro prietors ,of other travelling combinations follow the Melbourne example and euhance the value of their gifts by throwing in a few clowns as drivers, the British -would be outside Pretoria by Christmas. * * * * A new duty has fallen to the already over burdened rural policemau in New South Wales. It is to prevent country publicans from keeping phonographs in their bare. The attractions of tbe shanty are thought to be sufficient at present with out the aid of scieuee. In foreign lands the rustic auberge and beer-gardeu are tbe traditional homes of dance, music, and song. Pi-rhaps, after all, it is but natural that on this side of the world, where birds laugh rather than sing and fruit grows with the stones outside, the guzziiog should take place without musical accompanimtnt. With a singing barrel on the counter and a silent but full one behind, it is doubtful if the bar would ever be empty. The Continental Sunday would not be much longer delayed once an unholy al liance was permitted between phonograph and ' pub.' * ♦ * ♦ What may happen to an absent-minded chair man who has the misfortune to preside at an absent- minded speaker's meeting was well illus trated at Auckland (N.Z.) some nights ago. To guard himself from long-wiiidedness the speaker, an aldernianic candidate, placed his gold watch onthe table, forgetting to remove it when he sat down. The responding chairman, stuck for an appropriated adjective, nervou&ly; fingered the glittering chain, and had his neighbour's watch half -way in his own fob before the missing word could be found. Cries of ' time ' and ' ticker's a-goin' ' from an observant person in front, who'd just undergone a 6J^ months' course of treatment for sbop-liftiug, restored the president's self-possession and the owner's timepiece. And now that chairman bas to sidle through Auck land by- streets so as to avoid the main thorough fares, where every etep would be arrested by a friendly voice requesting to know tbe correct time. * * ? ? * Whatever fate may have in store for their hus bands, sweethearts, ani sons, it is certain that the Boer ladies are determined to be the best dressed women south of the Equator. For they've tapped the Johannesburg drapery establishments and drawn off an accumulation of soft goods. Lonely veldt and remote kopjo are already dotted with showily- dressed females arrayed in costly frabrics fresh from the looms of Manchester and Lyone. Every housewife is a rainbow, every child a kalei doscope. Compared with a Transvaal family after the recent rag raid, Solomon, even when receiving Sheba's Queen, was but a Quaker. The unfor tunate Uidander drapers who resorted to early closing for protection find their present customers no bent on securing bargains as to insist on shop ping at all hours and serving themselves. Life is full of sweet things— the watchdog's honr 6t bark ; ale in barrels : first love ; a legacy, and (some times) children's voices. Sweet to many emanci pated ladies were the strains of the ' Carmag nole ' or ' Ca Ira ' chanted to the music of tumbrils. But the sweetest of all is the sack of a large millinery assortment while the owners are out of town. In face of such an opportunity for . laying in a stock of summer goods, the woman that hesitates is lost. . .. „. . * * * * Thus, ** Saul 'in a better to the Sydney press : — ' Britain is fulfilling the role— the destiny, if you will— of iBrael, and must do so till the world is under the suzerainty of the Anglo Saxon race.' Considering the job M. Bull has before him in establishing a suzerainty over the ten-thousandth part of the race, Saul's contract is a big one, and will require time. One of the questions that has puzzled the sages of all ages is why people shoulddesire to govern those who do not wish to be governed by them. Fenelon de votes attention to it in his ' Telemachus,' but leaves it much as he found it— a riddle. Does «? Saul 'and thoBe (if any) who think with him really know that almost within measurable dis tance are two inventions which will certainly alter the map of the world ? Get a boat to travel with safety under water ( America has already made one which serins to meet the case) or a machine to travel with safety in the air (here, again, the Yankees have pointed the way) and national boundaries will quickly run through strange places. It ie doubtful if Saul is among the prophets this time. 