The " Three Friends " Reef. There were'Three of them — "Toff- Sam Williams, aud Joe Budd, better known as " Holy Joe." The Iatter's title had been bestowed nnon him partly on account of a habit he had of quoting Scripture in a free and original way of his own, and partly in a spirit of irony. Sam Williams was no. good, the "Toff" was bad, but both were saints ' compared with " Holy," who dominated them accord ingly, in virtue of his superior gifts. They called themselves "prospectors," but, in truth, they were nothing more than gleaners and snatchers of other men's leavings, and were content to haunt played-out diggings on the for lorn chance of dropping across some stray patch or overlooked nugget. They were partners on the " share and share alike" principle, and it did hap pen occasionally that a streak of luck made the ever-present possibility of a month's idleness and debauchery at the neighbouring township a blissful reality. It was a roasting day — the sort of day on which even industrious men, who have rates, and possibly income tax, to pay, are inclined to take things easy. Over the sterile face of the Prince's Creek diggings the hot air skimmered and rippled as over the mouth of a furnace, and the pungent haze which drifted lazily before the slight northerly breeze told of bush fires on the distant range, " What's become of Sam ?" inquired Rudd queruously of "Toff" Sim- monds, as the two reposed under the shadow of an oak which had, by some chance, been spared the usual fate of goldfield trees. " Fancy his messing about in that hole the Murpliys sank last year," grumbled the " Toff." " Much good tlury did in it, and much more he'll do, though SOI2I lib oJ_y '11 llaro to Ao 002230- thing soon, for they've stopped the tick down at the store, and Smith, the butcher, had the1 cheek to tell Sam that he had pigs enough of his own to feed without botherin' about the likes of us." "How's the tea?" inquired Budd again, with a faint show of interest. " About half a pannikin left, and the sugar's out," answered the other. " Stony ain't the name for it." From this it will be seen that the affairs of the company were, like those of many a bigger concern, financially straitened. The periodical streak of luck was long overdue, and even the daily harvest of tiny specks, which, collected, made a beggarly show in the bottom of a two-ounce medicine bottle, had failed, and the appaling prospect of having to support themselves by regu lar labour was staring the unhappy men in the face. " There's nothing for it, ' Holy,' " continued Simmonds. "If we don't drop on to something right away we must clear ; there ain't gold enough left in place to plug a tooth with. Blamed if I wouldn't rather take a job o' wood-carting than go on like this," he answered desperately. " Yes," assented Rudd, bitterly. Budd was a heavily - built, slow- speaking man, with deep-set little eyes, and a fat, expressionless face. He was inordinately fond of drinking, eating, and good living, and it was a hard fate, indeed, which had driven him into his present condition. For all his apparent slowness, however, he had more than the wit of his two mates combined. Under different con ditions he might have scored heavily t as a labour Irand,g(mams£r-- andj as it was, he managed to work least, and -eat and talk most of the party. Whilst the two men conversed thus sadly, 5a crunching step was heard on the gravelly soil, and, looking up, they saw the third partner, Williams, com ing towards them. He walked with a hurried, stumbling step, different horn his usual loitering gate, and his mates could see by his face that something out of the way had happened. " Well ? What cheer, Sammy ?" cried the " Toff." " Did you find it too lonesome down there ? Didn't see nothing of the ghost of old Murphy, did you?" Budd did not speak at first, but, fixing his pig-like eyes on the new comer, who stood -before them with a childish grm "oh"1 his face, and his right hand half held behind his back, he.eried: " 'What; is it Sam ? Spit : it out, man — spit it out 1" For answer, the other extended a big hairy paw, in the palm of which lay a piece of rusty quartz, about tbe size of a cake of toilet soap, thickly en trusted "mill rich virgin gold of the quality dear to the hearts of all miners.; "I've struck the reefi" he said, briefly. "Where?" gasped the two men. springing too their feet simultane ously. They were all equally excited now. i'LBight 3a,t She-eiid of the drive," said Williams ; " if they'd worked another two hours they'd have been on to it." s. i ; "Thank God old man Iturphy turned ?np his tofes when he did," said Budd, solemnly. - " Amen to that," assented the others, sotto voce. In the brains of each of the three men there welled up a luxurious vision of a probably near and glorious future. "Holy' Rudd became (for the: mo ment) a prosperous metropolitan hotel proprietor, for his tendencies were all in the direction of respectability. The " Toff—conjured-up a gorgeously ar rayed presentiment of himself en sconced, on. the.box-seat of a- four-in- hand, "and driving for all he was worth to Hades, via the Melbourne Cup. Poor Sam Williams, who was defi cient in imagination rand 'who had at one time been a shepherd on a station, got no farther than the nearest town ship atod: the knocking down of a col- lossal cheque. A ravishing suggestion of ham and eggs, co-mingled with the subtler odour of bottled liquids, seemed to pervade the atmosphere, and the sordid toil-compelling sur roundings . to be. lost in a delirious dream of feather beds and indolence. -Budd was the first to come back to earth. " Look here, mates," he said, hold- ing Atp an impressive .finger,, "thie must, be kept dark if there's anything in it..; Not even a licker, not so much as a taste even, till we get things mixed up, or we'll be having the whole district camped round here. ' Where the carcass is — ' but let's have a look at Sam's find first, as a sort of preliminary." The "find" proved good beyond their hopes. In five days, by dint of unwonted toil, they managed to drag out of the abandoned claim gold roughly valued by Budd (although he did not say so) at nearly five hundred pounds. By his advice the pretence of poverty was carefully kept up. In response to the storekeeper's demand for something on account of his little bill of three pounds ten, a few penny weights of small dust were paid, and the trio walked past the open bar of the Btassey Arms in the spirit of martyr heroes. " No blooming boards of directors or company promoters for us," declared the self-constituted leader of the party, as the three, tired, but exultant, held secret conclave in their tent on the sixth night after the discovery. ' We've got enough now to start the thing ourselves — engine, crushing plant, and all ; we can rough crush what we've got in hand, turn it into cash, get everything set up, and there we are — the ' Three Friends Gold Mining Company United,' unlimited and no liability. We've fallen on stony ground of the right sori, my bucks, and we're going to reap a thousandfold." Next day, however, the hopes of the new company were doomed to receive a severe cheek. The reef, which com menced so well, suddenly gave out. The proverbial bad luck of the Murphys seemed loth to relax its grip on the claim. They had been known locally as the "no good Murphys," to distinguish them from from other more prosperous residents of the same name, and people who knew the family intimately did say- that the luckiest tliiug that ever hap pened to them was the sudden termi nation of the old man's existeney by a fall of earth in the drive a year be fore. For a time the three worked on feverishly, in the hope that their luck might return— for reefs are erratic things —but no glint of the yellow gold again rewarded their labours. The first to realise the full extent of the disaster and the hopelessness of it was Budd. He did not shed tears like Williams, and lay the blame of the misfortune on the Murphys in particu lar and Irishmen in general, nor did he blaspheme like Simmonds ; but he thought, thought hard. Was his cherished dream of ease and indepen dence to be snatched from him just as he had begun to feel his grip tighten on it ? Not if he could prevent it. " Three's into five " — so ran his thoughts as he strained at the wind lass (for he had persuaded the others to work on just to beep them in hand) —"three's into five, once and two over: into twenty it'll go six times and two more, that's another six — about a hundred and fifty altogether, allowing for expenses ; not enough to do any good with — not near enough." The "Toff" was below breathing his curses into the bowels of the earth, while Williams was helping at the windlass and unloading the bucket as it came up. All heart had gone from them, but they toiled on, hoping against hope that the reef had only taken a dip, And that they might drop on it again. Just as the loaded bucket neared the top the voice of Simmouds was heard calling eagerly , up the shaft, but his words were unintelligible. " What's ,'Toff' hollerin' ' aboht. Sam ?" said Budd. j " Blowed if I can make out," an swered Williams, as with another turn they brought the load to the surface, and, letting go bis grip of the handle, he leaned over to . lift, it off the hook. Quick as a flash, in continuation of his torrner train -of thought, -a small sum of simple subtraction passed through Rudd's mind — a sort of sum that might be given to the youngest beginner in an. infant school. " One from three," he calculated, " leaves two ; so much the better for two !" and he also let go his grip. Williams, knowin that his mate stood thirty feet below in a direct linn under the heavy _ bucket, made a wild, unavailing effort" to grasp the whirling, invisible handle. As he clutched vainly at it, the iron struck him twice — once on the knee, bringing him to the ground, and once on the top of the head. " Phew !" exclaimed Budd, " both of them ! This is rather more meat than I ordered, but I suppose I'll have to take it ; it seems no more than the fulfilment of Scripture after all !" " He had gone down the creek for water," he explained to the coroner's jury, " and on returning found both his wates stiff— one on top near the windlass, .and the other at the bottom of the. shaft alL smashed up by the falling bucket.'' , " It was unusual,", he said "io trust poor Sammy alone at the&rind-; : lass,' and added -regretfully thati had die only . -been about at the timfe, the accident would certainly have never happened." ; "What troubled him most," he further confessed to one who desired to commiserate with him on the sad event, " was the belief that neither of his late partners was prepared. ' Let us all be prepared,' " he quoted, wip ing away a tear, " ' for we know n6t the day nor the hour.' " "Years afterwards,. .a roving: resi dent of Prince's Greek came across him, running a snug-looking-pub. in a Melbourne suburb. He. was fat and sleek, and looked like brie who slept o' nights — but possibly his slumbers might have been less easy had he heard substance of the poor ." Toff's" part ing words: " Mates, I've struck the reef ; the three of us are made men !" 