THE- ASHFIELD FIGHT. I — * — REID BOOSTS ' BRiCKY.' Town Hall Tactics. THEPUOTEV'l'.Wr BfiA3-I- ft] SSI ' S'olice!' anil 'i'lincJt 'Km Out! ' Free Speech Suppressed ?'It is not Mr. Bavister who is opposing me,' said Mr. Wise at Ashfield on Friday. 'Mr. Reid and Mr. Carruthors nro my opponents.' No utterance made during the campaign has souudei so true a note. These men, in tho bitterness of their small cnulia. nnH t.lift hniffnnnn.v of nsliri- «prAnnfil jealous)', have done and ara doing ali that their petty hatred can prompt in order to secure the defeat of the Attorney- General. Mr. Wise's pronouncement might bB para phrased till it would road : ' Mr. Reid and Mr. Carnithors are not supporting Bavister, they aro determined to defeat Wiae.' Such would be absolutely corrod. Their trouble i about Bavistcr ; what they want is Mr. Wise's dafc.Lt. .Thus it w:is that last e, -en- ing our one-time jolly and fat Premier, now in truth as MELANCHOLY AS A MUTE, and far from as robust about the belly Ijiuilulur region cj foi'incly ioumtiyoil to Ashtielci and malic a futile endeavor to drive a nail in tl.e lio.itical co.iin o; Mr. Wiie. His efforts, however, were wofully un successful. Despite tho fact that 'every care was taken to suppi-os^ any vok-o raUe I in disapproval, buriv gonllcnie:! being posted ihio.igliuut tho hall, iu s^imiIs ui three and four, to suppress any dissentunt voice, THE WILDEST DISORDER provaile-l irom the beginning to the end of th.3 meeting. In fact, th-j services of tho police were callnil in to suppress freedom of ep'C?h, and stifle the voices of those who, ojipnseii to the shifty tantics of the dis credited and disgruntled Keid, dared to give utto aicc' to their sentiments. Thus it was that several decent, orderly electors who had tho hardihood to exercise tho ireespoech oi free electors, were thrown out into the street. Mr. J. J-. Gray paosided. and the wobbly, woolly, Whiddou,' M. LA. for Siirry Hills, occupied a position on the platform, 'to- gether, with manv other distinguished nonentities from Ashfield, Enfield, and ths various other fields which ' Brieky ' Brvister seeks to represent in Parliament. No doubt he finds the gvecn fields— he'll ' babble ' of them presjntly— a much more desirable locale than telephone tunnels. ' Ualdy ' Davis, from Bourke, was also Mr. Gray introduced Mr. Roul, who was received with a spontaneous storm of hoots, hisses and howls, intermingled with a few cheers. For some minutes the Premier stood, making futile ufforu to speak, his face alternately flushing a. id blanching with ungovcrnibio passion. A lull give him an { opportunity, and he said : 'These are the same men who followed me about from meeting to meeting in ovdncy. They are hired ruffians and ? !' * Hut HE GOT NO FURTHER. Indignant cries of 'Liar,' broke out, and hoots were hurled at the ex-Premier's sUnders. Getting going again, he said ho had como up to oppjsj Mr. Wise, anil ho would tell them why. (A voice : 'Because he did you in for your £23U0 !' Hear, hear aud laughter. ) No, that was not the reason, ho (Reid) would soon have that aga n. (Cries of ' Never Wriggler '. 'You re done.l YouYo in tlie mud now, George.' Hoots and hisses.) This brou-ht Rumpty back to where he started, and he was dnderstood to nuke further allusions to 'hired ruffians,' but iiis voice was drowned. His thin piping treble, barely readied the press table. 'Hands up for Jiavister' cried someone, and a dozen bands re sponded. 'Hands up for Wise!' came the answering cry, and 30 bonus rose, and each hand had a stick in it ! Two gentle men now GOT INTO 'HOLTS' and Keid sat down while tho little argu ment was s.'t'.led. Reid then made another effort. '' We must huve some order,' ho said. 'Go home, George,' ur^ed an elector, while another, with a clever imitation of Reid's shrill voice, pathetically asked, 'Georgie, Porgie, what time does the bal loon go up?' The chairman here jumpjd off the stage, and dashed into the body of tlie hall, accompanied by his coat-tails, and gleaming ii e through his spectacles. He had a word or two with a po. iceman, and t..en came back. Mr. Reid, seding the boys in blue were on his side, started off again. But the big meeting, the hall was crowded, were not taking any Beid. Cat-calls greeted his rising. Tncn tlie chairman elevated himself, and waving his arms like a sema phore, was understood to say something ubout tho ' honor of Hashfield boin' in the 'ands of the meetin'.' Pointing to some ono in the hall, he ' MADE FRANTIC SIGNALS to tho police, and they ejected, but not without considerable difficulty, the nun in dicated. Soon after a second Iman went out on his ear, and Reid romarkod that th=y would soon have a lovely meeting. These ejections whetted the polico appetite and they started to look for stjusli. They looked to Reid and he grinned. Responsive, tho burly bobbies commenced to lay violent hands ou everybody, and some 20 or 30oloc -tors were tired outside. One harmless and quite respsctable old gentleman was summarily ejected, and fur no earthly reason. He was HURLED VIOLENTLY DOWN ' the stairs, and bnt fsr tho assistance ren dered him by seme onlookers would have been seriously injured. Comparative quiet ness now reigned and Reid commeneed to deal it out tn WiBo, but all he could say was that tho Attorney-General had always been opposod to him (Reid), and for that reason be (Reid) cordially hated him. But Bavister bod always been a loyal supporter, and hence ho was a genuine whole-aituled, PUBLIC- SPIRITED, PURE-MINDED PATRIOT, who was deserving of £6 a week if the electors of Ashfiald would only give it to him. He attacked the Ministry, but eould find nothing much to say against it. So ho raised the hscal ghost, and said that they iuteudod to got a lot of extra rovenuo through tho Customs. He regretted that he could not speak any longor— tho intor ruptors had prevented him from saying all ho meant to say. Just here, Air Bavister mado a belated' but dramat.c entry. Mr. Reid having shaken bonds with him, with a' great show of warmth, '?Brieky' Kavister stuck his bobnailei -!a sy roots under the chairman' s table, and allowed Mr. ' Reid's amj-U form to eclipxo him. .Shortly after Mr. Reid succumbed, ooucluding with a volcanio outburst of dis jointed remarks concerning organic changes political eruptions, great and glorious countries, traitors and tunnels. Hoots and jeers, and some few cheers, marked Georgie Porgie's resumption of his scat. 'iiruddcr' Broughton, K.C.V. of that ilk, who got bushed in the municipal wilds of (Jook Ward, some lime ago, made remarks concerning why he was there, and moved a M-lo of thanks to Reid. Mr. Winchcombe, who 'seconded tlio motion, asserted that Bavintnr was an honest man. Continuing, he said their late momber, who was seeking to depose the Attorney-General, was an honest man. In conclusion he remarked that Bavistcr was an honest man. Ho said it in tones that seemed to Buggest he was surprised at it. Cheers wore called for Reid and given, but tluy were completely drowned by thu lu-at-tv groans accorded without solicitation. The ine'siiii!,' then broke up, a largo gather, ing waiting outside the hall and speeding the iliscru litcd and disgruntled Reid on his tvav to Summer Hill, with liools, jeers and howl,-. Following Mr. Roid's very bad reception at AshfisU, he essavoil to address another meeting a few minutes later at Summer Hill. Bui hero his meeting broko up in ths most hiiiconu disorder. Fivo\ m:nut;s of hooting a:id howling, intermixed with cries of ' Wriggler,' 'Crawler,' and ' Traitor,' Vforj sullioiant for Mr, Reid, who retired, defcatod, cowed and crestfallen. All he could -ny was tliat the electors of Ashfield wc-.e ilickguards, criminals and ruffians, remarks that they will no. doubt remember to tho cost of his protege's seat, at the ballot-box on Tuo, day. Mr. Wiso's committee are working most assiduously 011 hisb-'lulf, and the success of ti:e Attorney-General is assured. Tho Hou. E. Barton, Q.C., is to speak at Ashtield 011 his beliilf on JI)nday cvenin:, an I his visit is expactcd to completely demolish the last cha.iK-0 «£ succoss romainini 10 tlie telephone 'tunueller' ;:nd his political sponsorj, Wriggler Reid and Cocky Garrutbors. 