SOME GHOSTLY LEGENDS. -HAUNTED^-PJGACES; " . The remarkable story: of the apparition at Berry Pomeroy Castle, near Totnes, appears to be . authentic, and is well known in the. West of England. The jlegendruns that An the latter ;part of the last .centuri' Dr Walter Farquhar, • who was then at Torquay, was called to the Castle to attend the steward's wife. On his arrival he was shown into a room on the ground floor and asked to wait a fnoment. . After some minutes had elapsed he grew impatient, and arose to (question a female who had opened a side SdooK and was ^Walking across the room. jHis - surprise, • however, was great whe pie noticed her.manner and garb. ;- She was drefesed in-rich attire, butin an absolutely out-of-date Costume, and wrung her hands in:a pitiful -manner—her face evincing signs of great: distress. She walked to the flight of oak' stairs and,- ^quickening ..her pace, .disappeared.At that moment the steward entered .the room, and announced that his wife was \- -- - /Dr F^arquliar^iound his' patient dangerously ill, and heps-as s6 iflhisl^engrossed with this case "that h# forgot, ere ire left the building, to question the steward as to the young lady in the curious dness he-had seen. -On the following day he found, his . patient much improved, and remembered to ask the . steward about the mysterious young lady. "As the doctor recounted 'his experience the •poor felfow Showed unmistakable/signs of fear and trembling, and .told thei Doctor that now he was sure his wife would soon die, as the spectre -was the spirit of •the daughter of an e.arly owner ..of the Castle who had murdered "her child, and had' sinee appeared as an omen foretelling the death of an inmate. Dr FarqUhar quickly gave the steward , every as-, surance of his wife's turn for. the better, :ahd that he thought she would continue, 'to improve.but the credulous old steward would not hear of it. The next day the :Doctor. called at the Castle, and was as^ ;tound%d to find that his patient h^i 4 died: soon afjer he left th<?'i>l^'^rptt£? [ceding day. . ^ The most strange part of tKg'-'stbrjris'tbf eonfe/* 'After an ''Interval iSf '"'several {years, "fir F&rquhar; was- wifl SnSwn'^fiir 'and could- count among -Kis. clients arid friends certain members' of?tiobility and Royalty. One' day a lady came to'bliS iri great distress, saytng 'her sister was ill; and appeared to be "wasting away, and that'-on being questioned, she was most emphatic in saying she saw ghost when- visiting- in Devonshire some weeks" before,. which had "left such "an impression-upon; her, -that' do what -she •would she could not shake it- off. The lady-further said that the :-spectre appeared r at > Berry* 'Bomerdy ' Castle, at which Sir Walter-started, told his; experiences, and' - requested to • see- the young lady immediately, whom he found suffering as described. The .poor girl appeared greatly relieved to* be speaking to someone:who shared her uncomfortable experience, and. it may be added, »so on .regained her .usual health. .;.:•». Sykes Lumb" Farm, near - Blackburn, Lancashire, has a well known ;reputa-. tion for being- haunted. The house itself is a very, primitive dwelling,, built t of .large, rpugbly hewn blocks of :coarse limestone, having a lonely situation in-a •'secluded dell by the banks of the Mel ler : Brook. Several partly have;asserted that they have seen an., old wrinkled woman pass along the road which JLed to tlie Lumb, but were so afraid .thai they never dared to question her. ^ .It" came to pass that a young farmer occupied tlje premises, and .on' seeing ..the "ghost" one night, beneath an old . apple tree iri the orchard he accosted her, when she pointed to the. ground. The young man dug and. soon came upon a number of .earthenware jars containing ancient gold and Silver coins of pounds value. After this bight it is said the old datme has not' troubled the country folk so much. ' . . .. Heath Old Hall, near Wakefield; "York "shire, also has its ghost.^ This mansion Is & splendid/pile of the filiz'abetfiafr'.pe riod. and the windows were . formerly emblazoned with the arms of some of the chief bf England's, nobility: ' In'1^3 William Witham, who was in possesion, was suddenly taken ill and died. A later owner of the Hall was a sister of Witham's—Lady Mary Boiles—a. strongminded woman, who was locally known as; ' ! OJd Mother Hubbard," 'and who," it Is recorded, died in 1662 at the age of eighty-three. Tradition says this lady's spirit,still.haunts the,place.. Her,.favor? ite spot seems-te be<the^oldi banquettLng hall, where she has been seen to • glide along in a most-mysterious fashion,,This ghost is also-reported to have walked in Heath Grove; but was afterwards coniured, dojvn. into a, hole of the rjyer, which is even to this day. known as "Boiles' Pit." - There is a strange story .pf the supernatural in connection with Hackwood House, an old mansion' near. Basingstoke, in the shape of the ghost of young .lady, said to have been murdered there. She was seen soon, after the house was purchased by Lord Bolton, by ix>rd Bolton himself-and two of his friends'. The ghost of Barbara Villiers, Duchess of. Cleveland, is said to haunt Walpble House, Chiswick Mall, and her spirit"appears at short intervals at a bedroom window ih the upper part of the house, wringing its hands and-beseeching some unknown person to "Give her back' lier lost beauty."— "Royal Magazine." 