THE UNEMPLOYED PROBLEM. A sentence uttered by the Prime Minister before lie took oflico has frequently been repeated with intent to discomfit him. Like a ghost from the tomb it is made to haunt his way. Beforo he was in a position to deal with tho matter rosponsibly, he declared his conviction that he could settle tho unemployed problem satisfactorily in forty-eight hours. The words said in haste were in a manner openly repented of on Monday lust, when Mr. Rcid receivod a deputation from tho Citizens Unemployed Committee. He admitted that he had not solved tho problem during four and a-half years of offico. And he promises to take up tho subject with a purposo to deal with it thoroughly. Tho deputation enmo with a word of counsel as Woll as a request. A schedule of recom mendations was placed at tho disposal of tho | perplexed Prime Minister. The committee essayed to lighten his darkness. But, when wc examine the recommendations we confess that wo see no light in tliom. Mr. Reid is not tho only well-meaning person who has felt a confidence in solving tho un employed problem which experience has reproved. And, if he follow the leading of these recommendations, ho will enter a region of dangerous experiment, into a quagmire where some empirics have already been lost. In other words, lie will apply untried expedients, or he will repeat deviccs discredited by trial. But he will not solve the unemployed problem, because it may safely be averred that its solu tion on the basis of the recommendations may not bo attempted by any sane man. For they are permeated with the spirit of State Socialism. Some of the suggested devices have been tried' in this and in,, the | other Australian States, and have lamentably failed. While other suggested extensions of State Socialism which we have not tried have also not been put in practice anywhere else in the world. It is not now possible in detail to traverse the recommendations of the com mittee. We note one or two points. The State is called a capitalist. The /State is no such thing, in tho sense that a private citizen is a capitalist — the garncrer of savings from industrial profits, or tho accumulator of fruit from financial investment. The- money which the State handles is taken from the Citizens who compose it, for the purposo of managing its organisation. The assumption of the recommendation is no doubt that tho State might become a capitalist in the ordinary sense by working its .mines at a profit and by supplying object lessons in the conduct of lapsed industries which strikes or lock-outs had terminated. But the country is not educated to the pitch of attempting such experiments. Then there is a proposed grading of men for Government day labour. The spirit of labour legislation is alien from the principle of grading men for pri vate labour.. On the contrary, private employers ? must be made to pay an uniform wage, and the outcome of that mandate is ? to augment the ranks of the. unemployed by sending into them workmen not worth the statutory minimum, and who must go. We make no pretension to solve a question of tho gravest complexity, and which ^demands humanity indeed, but quite as much experience), pru dence, caution and justice, as elements in its solution. Yet we venture to suggest that a mode of lessening the pressure of the unem ployed trouble would be revision and modification or ' refusal of laws, which discourage private enterprise. The com mittee says nothing about such a means of relief, yet it is- notorious that the labour element in the Parliaments is responsible for such accentuation of the unemployed difficulty as proceeds from treat ing the private employer as an enemy to the State who ought to be crushed. In New South Wales, the trouble is acute, and will bo more pronounced before the year expires^ by reason of tho drought. Special remedies for a special unhappy condition of things will be wanted. The problem, however, of tho un employed will always be with us, and the' solution is yet to seek. We concede humanity to the recommendations of the Citizens Com mittee. We cannot see in them the equally essential attributes of judgment, caution, experience, and justice. 