WIPED OUT. The disaualification of the popular favorite, Bobby Walne, for one month by the racing stewards and the recom mendation of the latter to the executive that he be further disqualified tur a period of six months came as a great shock to the many fricuds who erve followed his career with interest. - he dissatisfaction with Walne's riding in the five-mile event of the Common wealth Stakes was the cause of ghe trouble, for it was alleged that in this race the favorite ran a stiff 'un. 't'hen the field went out the betting stood at 2 to i on, but when it was observed by the knowing that the affair was ]UkeLy to be crook the odds rapidly changed, and at the last lap Walne's price was F io to i against. When the sunmuary s sentence was pronounced against nin SWalne gave notice of appeal, but \- could advance no further explanatory I ot tither no satisfactory explanation of \- the means by which he lost the race, \- so the veto was allowed to stand. Mar tin and Jackson both spoke in his s favor, as was perhaps natural under the circumstances, but their explana f tions were not considered of any value. 1 The disqualification of Walnc, al " though he had not a ghost of a show t of carrying off the Austral, came at an \- awkward time, and it has kept him out \- of numbers of events in which he in tended to compete. The summary action of the stewards has had the good effect of rather frightening racing men, and more carefulness is being observed t on the track. Very stringent are the rules applying to competitors who are kept under strict supervision of a small army of police while on the course so that no betting can be in dulged by the iiders immediately prior to the race. They are also not al lowed, under the new regime, within the stand enclosure. Should other inquiriel being instituted by the authorities result in current ru mors being substantiated there may be expected a regular "burst up)' among various champion riders. The sus picions of foul play are believed to be well founded, and if this proves the case on further investigation it will serve to show upon what degenerate days the \- sport of bike racing has fallen. The indictment is that certain champion riders formed a combination among themselves to the effect that all the 1 prize money carried by a certain event run recently was to be pooled and di I vided equally among the syndicate. It i is alleged that this brilliant scheme was s carried into effect, the parties interest ed partaking of the spoils with mutual satisfaction. It is doubtful whether sufficient information can be gleaned upon which to take proceedings, but the alleged "cronkness" is to be de plored. An amusing action by which a widow of comely appearance sought to recover various sums of money and articles of furniture from a mounted constable, oc cupied the attention of the County Court. In the course of evidence it ap peared that the fascinating "widdy" and the gay policeman had been "keeping company"-in fact, at one period they had been engaged to be married. It was during this tender interval that the lady had handed over the cash and pur chased furniture for the proposed joint establishment. However, "there's many a slip 'twixt the cup and the lip," and the wedding never came off and the en gagement was broken. Thereupon the lady requested the return of the furni ture and money lent, but the greedy constable declined to part, so she took proceedings. After scrutinising some of the correspondence, His Honor gave a verdict for the plaintiff, and lovely woman triumphed. 