HOW THE LETTER HAS BEEN RECEIVED; THE COMMENTS OF CATHOLIC TAPERS. We take the following from the San Francisco Monitor, March 4 : — The long- looked-for Papal letter on 'American- ism' has come. For some time back we have heard rumours of its existence, and have had dark hints about its effect on the Church in America. It was to be a death blow-to Archbishop Irela'ndand those that think as he does. It was to lay the mighty low, and to exalt the humble who happen to be the good. Well, like most things that are feared while unseen, the publication of this letter has robbed it of all terrors. We expected it to contain some ex plosive of very great power, and were agreeably disappointed. It is a plain and simple letter dealing principally with matters of doctrine which nobody ever had the least intention of disputing. The questions of discipline touched upon are not of general importance and concern only a few persona in America. So that it is another case of much cry and very little wool. It would be comparatively easy to deal with the ' question of 'Americanism' if anybody would tell us what the thing really is. In France and Eng- , land they think they know all about it, and maybe they do. Some of the European ecclesiastics are very learned men indeed so far as books go. But since nobody has as yet written an authorized book on ' Americanism'* there is nothing very tangible on which our European brethren may build an in destructible argument. They have endeavoured to theorize from insufficient data, to argue from false premises, and if their conclusions are smilingly denied in this country they have no right to feel hurt over the matter. The founder of the Paulists was the Rev. Isaac Thomas Hecker. He was a very good man, and, some say, a very great man. . He was a convert to-* the Catholic faith from Everythingism. He is ad mitted to have been a very poor theologian, a dreamer, and a mystic. But he certainly never in tended to preach any opinions opposed to the teach ing of the Church. He lived for long years in com munion with the Church, and he died a most holy death, faithful unto the end. His life was written by a member of the community which he founded,, Father Elliott. This book was translated into, French, and at once created no small sensation, among French ecclesiastics. Some, defended it. warmly, while others made it the object of the most violent and bitter attacks. The war was carried to Rome, and there it ended for the time. American Catholics are not deeply interested in Father Hecker's theological opinions. Few of them have ever tpken the trouble to know what he; thought of 'passive virtue,' or the direction of the Holy Ghost. They do not seek novelties in their belief. They accept in all its entirety the faith de livered by Christ to His Apostles, and conserved and explained by His infallible Ohurch through all the ages. His views about religious vows were not so new in themselves as in the. manner in which they were expressed, and we think it hardly fair to ac cuse him of teaching false doctrine on the subject. If he did hold the opinions attributed to him, he was wrong, and nobody is annoyed or displeased when false teaching is condemned. The principal thing to be borne in mind is that. Father Hecker and his Society are not the Catholic Church in America, and if their teaching or methods are condemned, American Catholicity is not thereby condemned with them.' The cause of the trouble was that the opponents of this so-called 'Americanism' Avere flying at higher game that Father Hecker and his disciples. Archbishop Ireland and his friends were the ones really attacked. Their policy has always been de nounced by a strong party in the Church in the United States. Long before the publication of the ' Life of Father Hecker' this denunciation had gone on in season and out of season. Archbishop Keane was removed from the rectorship of the Catholic- University at Washington through the intrigues of this party. The controversy was still ^_^ ? ? — — - continued, and everything that could possibly be done was done to show the Archbishop of St. Paul in a false light at the Vatican. No very great progress was made for a time. Mgr. Schroeder lost his position at the Catholic University. All looked black. Then the 'Life of Father Meeker,' with a ?preface by Archbishop Ireland, came out. Here was a chance that should not be neglected, and was not. Prove Father Hecker a heretic and you prove Archbishop Ireland an abettor of heretics. Home could never countenance a man whose opinions were theologically unsound. Archbishop Ireland must share the ignominy of Father Hecker's condemna tion. This was victory, and the p;r?an was accord ingly loud and long. ' Heckeri8m' and 'Ameri- canism' were inseparably united for evermore. Both were false and to be condemned. We cannot see that the letter of the Holy Father at all closely touches the question of ' American ism' as the vast majority of the Catholics of this country understand the word. Some sort of reproof is certainly implied for those who believe in European ' Americanism,' but it scarcely concerns American Catholics The letter says: 'Although this letter be not intended, as preceding ones, to repeat the words of praise so often spoken, but rather to uall attention to some things to be avoided and corrected ; still because it is conceived in that same spirit of Apostolic charity which has inspired all Our letters, We shall expect that you will take it as another proof of Our love, the more so because it is intended to supress certain contentions which have arisen lately among you to the detriment and peace of many bouI.s ' This contains a mild re proof. Bat to whom 'a and absut what ? To Father Hecker's followers and teachings and methods as they are represented or misrepresented by the Rev. Charles Maignen, S.T.D., a French priest and the author of the book, 'Father Hecker. Is He a Saint?' His Holiness takes up the theological views and preaching methods one after another and says: 'We are not able to give approval to those views, which, in their collective sense, are called by some ? Americanism.' ,' That is all there is to it, and very little it is for the Catholics of this country. For true 'Americanism' the Holy Father has no word of censure. ' But if,' he says, ' by this name (Americanism) are to be understood certain endow ments of mind which belong to the American people just as other characteristics belong to various other nations, and if, moreover, by it is designated your political condition and the laws and customs by which you are governed, there is no reason to take exception to the name.' This is plain enough, and scarcely calls for comment. Every people have their own characteristics, every nation its own laws and customs. The American people are Americans, not Germans or French or An?o-Saxon8 or Irish. The genius of a people will necessarily show itself in religious as well as political affairs. The Church in France and Italy and Ireland while it is the same Church essentially is yet not altogether the same. But the difference is not a matter of faith or morals, and arises from the different dispositions and tradi tions and customs of the different races. That dif ference shows itself distinctly among the Catholic peoples of foreign birth in this country, and this is the cause of the whole difficulty. To erase this dif ference as far as possible, and to make the Catholics in America one homogenous body in touch with the institutions of the country, and partaking of the genius ot fc/ie American people — 'this is the 'Ameri- canism' that Archbishop Ireland and his friends and supporters stand for. This the Pope has not condemned and never will condemn, because to do so would be an impotent attempt to stop the natural progress of things which cannot be effected. It is a pity that such a question as 'Americanism' should ever have been raised. The Church has a great work to do in this country, and it would appear to be doing it with fair success. But the ultimate success which we must all pray for, and 'i'e warran ted in hoping for, will not come until i . tholics are united not only by a common faith but a by common political opinions and aspirations. This unity only the years can bring. That they will bring it few American Catholics will doubt. 