EMS OF CORN. THE WBATHEH The weather dining the past week his beea very cold, little or no rain has fallen. , ; j The case of R. T. M'Far- SETTLED, lane " Y. M'Donald was ' settle;! cut af Court,-the defendant agreeing to accept judgment for £25 15s. * Amateur,' the writer of POULTRY Poultry Notes from week NOTES to week, is prepared to ansvrei any questions in reference to Poultry by addressing ' Amateur' this office. The committee of the NEW local Institute decided at BOOKS tfieir last meeting to purchase 30 new books for the library. We understand, that they have arrived and wili be available 1 in a few days. ' Out of the 26 blocks al- To RESIDE lotted fromthePenton Vale lands, 19 ofthe euc- J cessful ones intend to nae the same for | personal residence, while three are for j grazing, an i the other four are for the salt obtainable: - ^v SEVEN DAYS The U.J.S. issue I by Mrs. H. A. Steele against Chas. Horn to be dealt by the Local Court on Monday last, resulted in the non-appearance of the defendant,-but who was awarded 7 days imprisonment. ' I •' - . The gentlemen who con- LAND - stitute the Nort and B»ARD. Midland Board, which i*ecent.ly allotted the lan is at Yorketown are Messrs. fhos, Porter (Chairman), P. S. Allen. 7, Edgeloe, and F. W. D. De Burgh (Secretary.) We understand that the "VISITING well-known firm of SOLICITORS solicitors, Sinclair and Cruikshank, of Adelaide and Port Adelaide, intend paying monthly visits to the Peninsula. Mr. Sinclair vyia, pr<jaen ( t _at the Court on Monday lasi. 1 V J ' .. The Wesleyan -Church- WESLEYAN was well filled on Sunday CHUBCH evening last, when the pulpit was occupied by Mr. J. H. Sinclair. The preacher took as his text part of verse 51, lets 7, " We do always resist the Holy Ghost," and delivered a pointed address. A prayer meeting was held at the close, four decisions Deing recorded. Preparations are being THE aiade bf the su«essfnl BLOCKS applicants for Penton Yale lands to get on their holdings. The Homestead Blocks havp given two additional i amities, while the larger .ones provide accommodation for seven new' families to the district. i . The visii of 4 Uncle Harry 1 ' UNCLE (Mr. D. H. BoUrill) of HARRY.* the Children's Sunbeam Society, is being looked forward to with pleasure. The local Institute Committee have arranged for the visit * 3 tske plaoe on July 19, vhen he will conduct a gramophone entertain man t in aid of the library funds. The case of E. P. Dignan AT $0tJRT v.;W.Thompson came on | forhearing at the Local Court on Monday last, befoie Mr. J. T. 0'Hal!oran, S.M. Mr. J. H. Sinclair 1 appeared Cor the." plaintiff, and Mr. Evan for the defendant. The case j was a claim for £40 or the recovery of a stripper, sold to ane Aldenhoven by plaintiff on a hire agreement, but was afterwards sold by Aldenhoven f to Thompson. .Afterleugtfiy .argument by counsel the case was adjourned till September 4. . 1 It transpires - that that \- THAT gubernatorial greeting to BIRTHSTAIN New South Wales was not the work of His Ex cellency, but waa the inspiration of one ©f iiis euite who happened to be reading Kipling's verses. - He wrote out the lines and asked . a pressman what he thought of them. am delighted,* replied the scribe, ' I shall keep this as a memento.' Then he vainly e^ijeavored to get ah interview, with the Governor. In despair for nutter foi copy he with true journalistic instinct made use of the ' greetihg.' and it was duly telegraphed t - ) tho Sydney press, That's the long and the short of it If anybody is to" be crucified over those sentiments to Sydney he is Rudyard Kipling, who is just now leaving a sick bed. His Excellency has nothing to do with it, so should be promptly reprieved and given the benefit of the First Offenders Act, 