The Sunday School INTERNATIONAL LESSON. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1899. HAMAN'S PLOT AGAINST THE JEWS. v ; Esther iii. 1-1 !? GrpLDEN Text; (Rom. viii. 31). — !| If God be ' for us, who can be against us ?' A Notable Feast. Ahasuerus, in the third year of his reign gave a grand banquet to his lords. The Persians of that period are proverbial for drunken ness ; and under the maddening influ ence of wine, the king, violating all Oriental etiquette, summoned the queen to appear. When she refused, he, at the suggestion of his counsellors, divorced her, and published the edict throughout the whole kingdom, lest the example of the queen should have a bad effect upon the obedience of other wives to their husbands. Among the virgins brought to him was Esther, the Jewess, a relative of Mordecai, a Jew in exile. She was elevated to the A New Queen, throne but continued her intercourse with her relative. He discovered a con spiracy against the life of the king. Haman, a declared enemy to the Jews, became Prime Minister, moved by jealousy he obtained a decree which threatened to exterminate the exiled Jews. At this dramatic moment our lesson opens. It is one of the many I The Unceasing pictures of the conflict I Battle. between the evil and I the good : the weakness, j envy, hatred, malice, and uncharitable, j ness of man, and the calm, assured J steady movement of truth and righteous ness. ' Mordecai ' is a lowly Mordecai. descendant of a royal family. He belongs to the scattered foreigners who were carried captive from Jerusalem. An orphan child of a relative he makes his sacred charge. God has blessed her with beauty, and the grace of a humble- obedient, and unassuming spirit. She loves her people, their customs, laws, and religion. She is to Mordecai indeed a Hadassah, a myrtle in the true sense of the word. In the court she will become to him more and more a brilliant star, an Esther (aster), in whose light he views his own and his people's future. A certain graciousness of being and carriage superadded to her beauty gave her the charm she possessed.' — Con- densed from Dr. Schultz. Mordecai' s pride stood Haman. over against Haman's egotism. He would not bow to the newly created peer. Offended ambition and hatred against Judaism stirred the mind and shaped the policy of Haman. It has been assumed that Mordecai's refusal of the mark of reverence towards Haman was caused by religious scruples. The Persians regarded it as an act of homage per formed to a king as a divine being, an incarnation. Haman allowed his jealouly to burn until it incited him to cruelty and injustice. On the relations between Vanity and vanity and cruelty as Cruelty. exemplihed in tne life of. m Haman, Professor Adeney I says : ' The story of Haman helps us jS to see by a series of lurid pictures how jfi fearfully provocative the one is of the 9 other. As we follow the incidents we « can discover the links of connection lag between the cause and its dire effects, raj Vanity is a form of magnified egotism, f The vain man thinks supremely of a himself. He looks out on the world \ through the medium of his own shadow. I Like the Brocken Ghost, this shadow j becomes a haunting presence. He has j no other standard of measurement, j Egotism utilizes the suflermg of others j for its own ends. Cruelty is often a j consequence of sheer callousness. In j Hainan's case however it was not simple H indifference. In the agony he could, jm cause his own thirst for vengeance M would be slaked. The selfishness of J9J vanity also destroys the sense of pro- m portion. Self is the greatest object, and j» everything else is insignificant when. j9 compared to it. What is the slaughter m of a few thousand Jews to so great a 'm man as Haman, grand vizier of Persia ? i- Vanity also leads to cruelty tnrougu tne | entire dependence of the vain person on | the good opinion of others ; and this we | may see clearly in the career of Haman. J Vanity differs from pride in one im- \ portant particular — Dy its outward [ reference.' — Condensed. - The name of God is not J Providence, mentioned in the Book of. 5 Esther, yet the Providence j of God is marked on every page. ' God | works,' one has well said, ' no less by \ His Providence in the world where He m is veiled than by His grace in the m church wherein He is revealed,' n I ' Not by Eastern windows only, ? When daylight comes, comes in the light ; M In front the sun climbs slow — how slowly ! ' 9 But Westward look — the land is bright.' 9 ? f'.hmnh. 9 — if Haman's vanity and1. I Judgment, ambition destroyed him. i He was hanged on the j gallows he himself prepared. ' Curses j are like young chickens, and still come i home to roost.' 'Whoso diggeth a | pit shall fall therein : and he that rolleth ] a stone, it will return upon him.' — Holy \ Scripture. ' The mills of God grind slowly. But they grind ? ' 