LOST' FOR LOVE. \- CHAPTER XXXIX. THE DOUBLE COMPACT, Olive Henderson lay on a sofa in lier bed room, her face lialE buried anions; tbe pillows, lior cloud of tar-black liair all loose and disordered, falling about her, and still wearing the out door dress of yesterday. Bright streaks o£ crimson glory, in the dull dawn sky, heralded tho rising of another sun, of another day to the restless, feverish little planet below Dressed in that uncomfortable attire for re pose, Olive Henderson, -while the red morning broke, lay there and slept. Stuff ! It was more stupor than sleep, and she had only sank into it half an hour before, from sheer physi cal exhaustion. Those in the cottage had been disturbed all night long by the sound of restless footsteps pacing up and down the chamber where she now lay, up and down, up and down, ceaselessly, the live-long night. When they had lifted her up, and carried her home in that dead-faint, and Dr. Leach had brought her to, her first act had been to turn every soul of them out of her room, Laura Blair included, to lock the door, and remain thero alone by herself, ever since. Everybody 'wondered ; Oatty Clowrie, most of all, and tender-hearted Laura cried. That sym pathizing confidante had gone to the locked door, and humbly and lovingly entreated ' Oily' to let her in ; but Oily turned a deaf car to all her entreaties, and never even condescended, to reply. Mrs. Hill felt deeply on the subject of refreshments — if her young lady would but partake of some weak tea and . dry toast, or even watergruel, and go to bed comfortable, and sleep it off, she would be all right to-morrow ; but to shut herself up, and her friends out, was enough to give her her death. Oattie Clowrie said very little, but she thought a good deal. She had remained all night at the cottage, and had listened to that troubled footstep, and had mused darkly, instead of sleeping. At day-dawn the rest . less pacing had ceased, and Olive Henderson j lay sleeping, a deep stupor-like sleep. Her .face lying among the pillows contrasting with her black hair looked ghastly white in the pale dawn, and her brows were drawn and her \- position strangely wretched and unnatural. Mrs. Hill came to the door several times ' and tried to get in, but in vain. Her feeble knocks failed to awake her young mistress from that deep sleep, and the sun was high in the purple area outside before the dark eyes slowly.' opened to this mortal life again. She sat np feeling stiff and cold and cramped and unrefreshed, and put the black cloud of hair away from her face while memory stepped hack to its post. With something like a groan she dropped her face once more among the pillows, but this time not to sleep. She lay ao still for nearly half an hour that not a hair of her head moved, thinking, thinking, think ing. A terrible fear came upon her, a horrible danger threatened her, but she was not one easily to yield to despair. She would battle ?with the rising tide, battle fiercely to the last, and if the black waves engulfed her at the end she would die waging war against relent less doom, to the close. Olive Henderson rose up, twisted her dis . ordered tresses away from her face, searched for her ink and paper and sat down to a little, rosewood desk to write. It was very short,' the note she rapidly scrawled, but the whole passionate heart of the girl was in it. ' For God's sake come to me !' (this abrupt ?note begai) 'every second is an age of agony till I see you. I thought you were dead — as Heaven is my witness, I did, or I should never have come here ! By the memory of all the happy days we have spept together, by the . memory of your dead father, I conjure you. be ?silent,' and come to me at once ! H.' The note had neither date, address, or sig . nature; save that one capital letter, but when it was folded and in the envelope, she wrote the address : ' Miss W. Rose, ? House, ?Queen street, Speckport.' Then, rising, she exchanged the crumpled robe in which she had slept for one of plain black silk, hastily thrust her hair loose into a chenile net, put on a long black silk mantle, a bonnet and thick brown veil, placed the letter i in her pocket, and went down stairs. There ?was no possibility of leaving the house un seen; Mrs. Hill heard her opening the front door and came out of the dining-room. Her eyes opened like full moons at the sight of the street costume, and the young lady's white, resolute face. I 'My patience, Miss Olive, you're never going : out ?' . ? 'Yes,' Miss Henderson said, constraining ? herself to speak quietly, ' My head aches and I think a walk in the air. will do it good. I will be back directly.' 'But, do take something before you go. Some tea, now, and a little bit of toast.' 'No, no ! not any, thank you, until I come back.' She was gone even while she spoke ; the thick veil drawn over her face, her parasol up, screening her effectually. Catty Clowrie, watching her from the window, wonld have gTYO'. uuubi.uuitf.uii3 iu J.V11UW iiui, ciuu. duo where she went. She had little faith in that walk being taken for the sake of walking, some covert meaning lay hidden beneath. 'I declare to you, Catty,' exclaimed Mrs. Hill, coming back, 'she gave me quite a turn ! She was as white as a ghost, and those big : black eyes of hers looked, bigger and blacker than' ever. She is turning bilious, that's what she's doing.' Miss Henderson walked to Queen street by I the most retired streets, aud passed before the hotel where Major and Mrs. Wheatley boarded. She had some idea of putting the letter in the post-office when she started, but in that case Miss Rose would not receive it until evening, and how could she wait all that time, eating out lior heart with mad impatience ? There was a man standing in' the doorway of the ladies' entrance, a waiter, and quite alone. With her veil closely drawn over her face, Miss Henderson approached him, speaking in .a low voicje : 'Thero' is a. young lady — a governess, called Miss Rose, stopping here — is there .not?' ' Yes, ma'am.' ' Is she in now ?' 'Yes'm.' ' Will you please give lier this letter ! give ?it into lior own hand, and at once !' She gave him the letter, and a fee that made him stare, and was gone. The man did not know her, and Olive reached home with out once meeting anyone who. recognized her. Mitfs Catty Clowrie did not leave the cottage ?all that day. She was sewing for Mrs. Hill; and,' seated at tho dining-room window, she ?watched Miss Henderson furtively, but inces santly, .under her- white eyelashes. That young ' lady, seemed' possessed of the very spirit of restlessness, since her return from her walk. It had not done her much good, apparently, for it had neither brought back colour nor appetite ; and she wandered from room to room, and upstairs and downstairs, with a ? miserable feverish restlessness that made one fidgety to look at her. And all tho time in her dark colourless face there was only one expression, one of passionate, im patient waiting. Waiting, waiting, waiting ! For what ? Catty Clowrie's greenish-gray eyes read the look aright, but for what was shfi wn.it, inrr ? ' I'll find it out, yet,' Miss Clowrie said, inwardly. ' She is a very fine lady, this Miss Olive Henderson, but thero is an old adage about, ' All that glitters is not gold.' I'll wait and see.' There were a great many callers in tho course of the^ morning, but Miss Henderson was too indisposed to see any of them. Even Miss Blair was sent away with this answer, when she came ; but Miss Henderson had left word, Mrs. Hill said, that she would be glad to sec Miss Laura to-morrow. Miss Hender son herself, walking up and down the draw ing room, heard the message given, and the door closed on her friend, and then turned to go upstairs. She stopped to say a word to her housekeeper as she did so. ' There is a person to call to-day, Mrs. Hill, she said, not looking at the pilot's widow, ' and you may send her up to my room when she comes. It is Miss Rose, Mrs. Major Wheatley 's governess !' Her foot was on the carpeted stair as she said this, and she ran up without giving her housekeeper time to reply. Catty Clowrie, industriously sewing away, listened, and com pressed her thin lips. ' Miss Rose coming to see her, and admitted to a privato interview, when everyone else is excluded ! Urn — m — m ! That is rather odd ; and Miss Rose is a stranger to her— or is sup posed to be ! I wonder why she fainted at sight of Miss Rose, on the wharf, yesterday, and why Miss Rose's face turned to pale amazement at sight of her. She did not ask any questions, I noticed ; but Miss Rose was always discreet : and no one observed her but myself, in the hubbub. There is something odd about all this !' She threaded her needle afresh, and went on with her sewing, with the patient per severance of all such phlegmatic mortals. Mrs Hill came in wondering what Miss Hen derson could possibly want of Miss Rose, but her niece could throw no light on the subject. 'Perhaps she wants a companion,' Miss Clowrie remarked ; ' fine ladies like Miss Henderson are full of freaks, and perhaps she wants some one to play and sing and read to her, when she feels too lazy to do it herself.' Catty Clowrie had read a good many novels in her life, fall of all sorts of mysteries, and secret crimes, and wicked concealments, and conspiracies— very romantic and unlike every day life — but still liable to happen. She had never had the faintest shadow of romance, to recover rosily her own drab-hued life — no secret of mystery of any sort to hap pen to herself, or any of the people among whom she mingled. The most romantic thing that had ever occurred within- her per sonal knowfildcrfi was thfi fact nf this new heiress, this Olive Henderson, rising from the offal of New York, from the most abject poverty, to sudden and great wealth. Miss Clowrie sat until three o'clock, sewing at the dining-room window. Luncheon-hour was two, but Miss Henderson would not descend, and asked to have a cup of strong tea sent up, so Mrs. Hill and her nieee par took of that repast alone. As the clock was striking three, a young lady, dressed in half mourning, came dc-wn the street and rang the door bell ; and Catty, dropping her work, ran to open it, and embrace with effusion the visitor. She had not spoken to Miss Rose before since her return, and' kissed her now, as though she were really glad to see her. 'I am so glad you are back again, dear Miss Rose !' the yoUng lady cried, holding both Miss Rose's hands in hers; 'you can not think how much we have all missed you since you went away !' Now it was rather unfortunate for Miss Clowrie, 'but nature, who will always persist in being absurdly true to herself, had given an insincere look to the thin, wide mouth, and a false glimmer to the greenish gray eyes, and a clammy, limp moistness to the cold hand, that made you feel as if you had got hold of a dead fish, and wished' to drop it again as soon as possible. Miss Rose had taken an instinctive aversion to Miss Clowrio the first time she had seen her, and had never been quite able to get over it since, though had conscientiously tried ; but she never betrayed it, and ' smiled now in her own gentle smile, and thanked Miss Clowrie in her own sweet voice. She turned to Mrs. Hill, though, when that lady appeared, with a far different feeling, and returned the kiss that motherly old creature bestowed upon her. ' It does my heart good to see yon again, Miss Rose,' the housekeeper said. ' I havn't forgotten all yon. did for me last year when ( poor, dear Hill was lost, going after that ship. You can't think how glad I was when I heard you were come back.' ' Thank you, Mrs. Hill,' the governess said. ' It is worth while going.away for the sake of such a welcome back. Is Miss ? ' she heitated a moment, and then went on, with a sudden flush lighting her face ; ' is Miss Henderson in ?' ? ' Yes, my dear ; I will go and tell her you are here.' ' ., ? The housekeeper went upstairs, but reap peared almost immediately. ..'You are to go upstairs, my dear,' she said ; 'Miss Henderson is not very well,, and will see you in her own room.' Miss Rose ascended the stairs, entered the chamber of the heiress, and Catty heard the door closed and locked after her. As Mrs. Hill re-entered the dining-room, she found her gathering np her work. ' I left the yokes and wristbands in your room, aunt,' she explained. 'I must go after them, and I'll just go up and finish this nightgown there.' Thero wore ' four rooms upstairs, with a hall running between each two. The two on the left wero occupied by Miss -Henderson, one being her bedroom, the other a bath room. Mrs. Hill had the room opposite the hoiress, the other being used by Rosie, the chambermaid. Miss Clowrie (one hates to tell it, but wljat is to be dome ?) went deliberately to Miss Henderson's door, and applied first her eye, then her ear, to tho keyhole. Applying her eye, she distinctly beheld Miss Olive Hender son, 'the heiress of Redmon, the proudest woman slid had ever known, down upon her knees i before Miss Rose, the governess — tho ex-school mistress; holding up her closed hands in wild supplication,- hor face like the face of a corpse and all her black baJ' tumbled and falling about her. To say that Miss Catty Clowrie was satis fied by this sight would be doing no sort of justice to the subject. The first words she caught were not likely to lessen her astonish ment—wild strange words. CHAPTER XXXIX. love's old sweet story. ' I thought you were dead ! I thought you were dead!' in a passion of consternation, that seemed to blot out every thought of pru dence. ' I thought you were dead ! As Heaven hears me, I thought you were dead, or I never would have done it.' Miss Rose was standing with her back to the door, and the eavesdropper saw her trying to raise the heiress. ' Get up, Harriet,' she distinctly heard her say, though she spoke in a low voice ; ' I cannot bear to see you like this ; and do not speak so loud — some one may hear you.' If they had only known of the pale listener at the door, hushing her very heart- beating to hear the better. But Miss Henderson wonld not rise ; she only knelt there, white and wild, holding up her clasped hands. 'I will never get up,' she passionately cried. ' I will never rise out of this until you promise to keep my secret. It is not as a favour, it is as a right I demand it ! Your father robbed my mother and me. But .-for him I would have never known poverty and misery — and God only knows the misery that has been mine. But for him, I should never have known poverty and misery — and God ' only knows the misery that has been mine. But for him, I should never have known what it is to suffer from cold and hunger, and misery and insult; but for him I would have been rich to-day; but for him ray mother might still be alive and happy. He ruined us. and broke her heart, and I tell you it is only justice I ask ! I should never have come here had I not thought you dead ; but now that I have come, that wealth and comfort have been mine once more, I will not go. I will not, I tell you ! I will die before I yield, and go back to that horrible life, and may my death rest forever on your soul !' Catty Clowrie, crouching at the door, turned as cold as death, listening to these dreaded words. Was she awake — was she dreaming ? Was this Olive Henderson— the proud, the beautiful, the queenly heiress — this mad crea tur.e, uttering those passionate, despairing words. She could not see into the room, her ear was at the keyhole— strained to a tension that was painful, so absorbed was she in listening. But ( at this very instant her strained hearing caught another sound — Rosie, the chambermaid, coming along the lower hall, and npstairs. Swift as a flash, Catty Clowrie sprang up, and darted into her aunt's room. She did not dare to close the door, lest the girl should hear her, and she set her teeth with suppressed anger and fury at the disappointment. Rosie had come up to make hor bed, and set her room to rights, and was in no wise disposed to hurry over it. She sang at her work ; but the pale-faced attorney's daughter in the next room, furious with disappoint ment, could have seen her ohoked at the moment with the greatest pleasure. Half an hour passed — would the girl never go ? Yes, yes, fkere was Mrs. Hill, at the foot of the stairs, calling her, and Rosie ran down. Quick as she had' left it, Catty was back at her post, ailing her eye at the keyhole once more. The scene she beheld was not quite so tragic this time. The heiress and the governess were seated opposite each other, an inlaid table between them. There was paper and ink on the table ; Miss Henderson held a pen in her hand, as if about to ?write, and Miss Rose was speaking. Her voice was sweet and low, as usual ; but it had a firm cadence, that showed she was gravely in earnest now. 'You must write down these conditions, Harriet,' she was saying, ' to make matters sure ; but no one shall ever see the papers, and I pledge you my solemn word, your secret shall be kept inviolable. Heaven knows 1 1 have done all I could to atone for my dead fatlfer's acts, and I will continue to do it to the end. He wronged your mother and you, I know, and I am thankful it is in my power to do reparation. I ask nothing for myself — but others have rights as well as you, Harriet, and as- sacred. Two hundred pounds will pay all the remaining debts of my father now. You must give mo that. And you must write down there a promise to pay Mrs. Marsh one hundred pounds a year annuity, as long as she lives. Her daughter should have had it all, Harriei, and neither you nor I ; and tbe least you can do, in justice, is to provide for her. You will do this ?' ' Yes — yes,' Miss Henderson cried ; 'that is not much to do ! I want /to do- more. I want you to share with me, Oily.' ' No,' said Miss Rose, ' you may keep it all. I have as much as I want, and I am very well contented. I have no desire for wealth. I should hardly know what to do with, it if I possessed it.' ' But you will come and- live with me,' Miss Henderson said, ' in a voice strangely subdued ; ' come and live with mo, and let us share it together, as sisters should.' ?The detestable housemaid again. If Catty Clowrie had been a man, she might Have in dulged in the manly relief of swearing, as she sprang up a second time, and fled into Mrs. Hill's room. This time Rosie -was not called away, and she sat for hearly an hour, singing at her chamber 'window, and mending her stockings, Catty Clowrie, on fire with impo tent fury, had to stay where she was. Staying there, she saw Miss Henderson's door opened at last; and, peeping cautiously out, saw the two go down stairs together. Miss Rose looked as if she had been crying, and her face was very pale, but the fierce crimson of excitement burned on the dark cheeks and flamed in the black eyes of Miss Henderson. It was the heiress who let Miss Rose out, and then she came back to her room and resumed tho old trick of walking up and down, up and down, as on the preceding night. .Catty wondered if she would never be tired. It was all true, then ; and there was a dark secret and mystery in Olive Henderson's life.' 'Olive!' Was that her name, and if so, why had Miss Rose called her ' Harriet.' And if the governess's name was Winnie, why did the heiress call her ' Olive ?' Catty Clowrie sat thinking while the April day faded into misty twilight, and ..the cold evening star glimmered down on the sea. She sat there thinking while the sun went low, and dipped into the bay, and out of sight. She sat thinking while the last little pink cloud of the sunset paled to dull gray, and the round white moon came up, like a i shining shield. She sat there thinking till the dinner bell rang, and she remembered sho was cold and hungry, and went slowly down the stairs — still thinking. To her surprise, for she had been too absorbed to hear her come out of her room, Miss Henderson was there, beautifully dressed, and in high spirits. She had- such a passion for lnxury and costly dress, this young lady, that she would array herself in velvets and brocades, even though there were none to admire her but her own servants. On this evening, she had dressed herself in ( white, with ornaments of gold and coral in her black braids, broad gold bracelets on her superb arms, and a cluster of scarlet flowers on her breast. She looked so beautiful with that fire in her eyes, that flush on her cheek, that brilliant smile lighting up her gypsy face, that Mrs. Hill and Catty were absolutely dazzled. She laughed — a clear, ringing laugh — at Mrs. Hill's profuse congratulations on her magical recovery. 'You dear 'old Mi;s. Hill!' she said, ' when you are better used to me, 'you will cease to wonder at my eccentricities ! It is a woman's privilege to change her mind sixty times an hour, if she chooses — and I choose to assert all the privileges of my sex !' She rose from the table as she spoke, still laughing, and went into the drawing-room. The gas burned low, but she turned it up to its full flare, and, opening the piano, rattled off a stormy polka. She twirled round presently, and called out : ' ? ' Mrs. Hill !' Mrs. Hill came in. ' Tell Sam to go up to Miss Blair's, and fetch her here. Let him tell her I feel quite well again, and want her to spend th'e evening, if she is not engaged. He can take the gig, and tell him to make haste, Mrs. Hill.' Mrs. Hill departed on her errand, and Miss Henderson's jewelled fingers were flying over tne ponsnea Keys once more. Presently sue twirled around again, and called out : ' Miss Clowrie.' ' I wish Laura would come !' Miss Hen derson said, pulling out her watch, ' and I wish she would fetch a .dozen people with her. I feel just in the humour for a ball to-night.' She talked to Catty Clowrie vivaciously, and to Mrs. Hill, because she was just in tho ' mood for talking, and rattled off brilliant sonatas between whiles. But she was im patient for Laura's coming, and kept jerking out her watch every five minutes, to look at the hour. ? ? Miss Blair made her appearance at last, and not alone. . There was a gentleman in the background, but Miss B. rushed with such a frantic little scream of delight into the arms of her ' dear, darling Oily,' and so hugged and kissed her, that, for the first moment or two, it was not very easy to see who it was. Extricating herself, laughing and breathless, from the gushing Miss Blair, Olive looked at her companion, and saw the amused and handsome face of Captain Caven dish. (To be continued.) 