A GHOST IN GREENWICH GOLLEUE. vOreat diOioulty hat recently been ex perienced in getting nurses to take night duty in the hospital attaohed to Greenwich College, owing to the nooturnal visitations of a phantom nurse io the wards and corridors. About a doten nnrses in suoaatioo have tendered tneir resigna tions after staying from two to aix weeks, until the sense of the place being haunted completely unstruog tlieir nerves, render ing them unfit for the doty of tending the sicV. One of these nnrses, who is now living at home, nave the following account to 'Lloyd's' representative of her experience : 'It was about mid night, and £ was sitting in the centre of the room, expeeling every moment to have a cop of tea brought cp to me. A nurse, as it seemed to roe, entered the room a few ateps, and then went back again without speaking. I could nut understand what it meant, and ran along tbe passage alter nor. mere was no body to be Been, and I waa so puzzled that I conld hardly summon conrage to letnrn to my post. No tea was brought 10 me that night, end in the morning every one denied having come into (he ward during the night. Then I learned that several nnrses had left the institution Beared by the same apparition that 1 had seen. It was impossible for me to take duty another night.' The report speedily sot abroad that the Oollejze was haunted. and local spiritualists, of whom there are many in the Royal suburb, turned their attention to the solution nf the mysteiy. It was then found that an old dwelling immediately behind the College was quite a rendezvous of ghosts — unaccountable noises terrified the occupants nightly, with sundry violent accompaniments, such as ornaments falling tram the shelves, and a bookcase being dislodged from the wall. The spiritualists arranged to bold a seance, and hired a medium from Ken sington. An actresi, who was playing Trilby in a touring company, also came for an object lesson in hypnotism. There were five ladies and four gentlemen, including a clergyman, who sulemniaed the proceedings with prayor. Presently spirit which possessed him directed that all the company should descend to tha basemont. The sequel was very extra ordinary. Everybody promptly fall into a trance, and an involuntary free fight ensued, the ladies ecratohitig each other'a facet and tearing out each other'a hair. For several of tlie company that was their last spiritualistic entertainment, and tbe clergyman declines to apeak of tbe affray. What relation exists between these obilreperous spirits and the phan tom nurse in, ol course, not known : though very laloly other mediums have been requisitioned from Brighton and other places by the morn persistent and courageous of the spiritualists. 'Lloyd's' repreeentalivs wu informed by one of then— not the apirita, but the spiritual ists—that tlii medium! ill concurred that there wst money under tbe floor of the house. Bo far, however, the boards have not been taken op to put that atatement to the test: 