'Afterwards.' (COMPLETE SHORT STORY.) (FOR THE 'SUNDAY TIMES.') What ailed thee, then, to be born, For a darl and a sting and a thorn ? She had been 'well brought up,' as tne caving is, and in her younger days was thought to have enjoyed something of the 6weets of life. She may not have looke-l -. not.- hut such was the case. ? Her tem peramen't, however, was little understood toy those at home — at least, this was what ehe thought ; and probably she ;wa3 right. Her younger sister was mere favored- by Nature, and was consequently made more of by everyone in the house. The elder girt was of a more sensitive disposition, and was continually being subjected, or ima gined she was being subjected, to all sorts of petty little annoyances and tyrannies. 'Ah!' she would say tojtierself, 'nobody understands me j nobody, tries to- under stand me. I have no liberty. That's what I want. I might as well run away and see what life really is. Why should I submit to restraint when I have only to say 'I'll go?'' She nursed her indignation, and brooded over her little persecutions, or sup posed persecutions, till finally, after a ra ther violent scene, she ciace up her mind that she would say the word. -l'ou say you want liberty. Do you really mean -it ?' he askec. ??Yes. I really mean it.' ? ? . , . 'Then only say you'll . come,' he .con tinued. 'We'll go to-night. Why delay? Have you not often told me you are un aappy, that 'your life at home is unbearable, that your people do not care for you — well, leave them and come with me.' ';. . He leaned down as If to embrace, her, but she shrank- away. 'I won't say yet,' she said. 'I will decide to-morrow, aiid eee you.' He seemed a little disconcerted, no doubt conscious of his real intentions. However, tie to- morrow arrived, and she gave an aflirmative reply to his invitation, 'come with me,' which had been pressed upon her for some months. ? ' They bdth possessed more than the ave rage knowledge of books and literature. She, especially, had delvefl deeply into modern fiction, and had studied the rea listic novel. Once, when reading a short story in the Yellow Book she. came across the rather ugly, but expressive German ?ompound, 'Welt-schmerz.' She. guessed at its meaning from the context, but was determined to know definitely what it was. She went over to the district schoolmaster — a great reader, and a scholar of the old school. 'What's Welt-schmerz, Mr. Lang ?' 'Ah, my girl, that's called 'velt-schmerts.' Yes, ah ! It would take me a. long time to explain that; yes; it means literally 'world-pain,' the modern spirit of unrest; but these German conipc-jnd words express a great deal in a short compass. But come, my girl, you haven't- reached the world pein stage of life yet, surely ?' 'Oh,' she replied. 'I know exactly ?what it means now. Thanks.' And she ?was off again, to continue tiie all-absorbing Yellow Book. The questions probed by such -writers as Hardy and Ibsen possessed a posuliar aad powerful fascination for 'her — and to a less extent, for him* too — just as the mind of a child is fascinated, though at the same time Emltten with terror, by some weird ghost, tale. The most 'objectionable' and start ling parts of the modern 'poets, too— 'those ?who think it well to criticise aad ridic\ilc everything that is — these received their due share of attention. . ''Let all the shams and illusions of society be stripped off, so tha-t -the facts and actualities of existence may stand forth — ugly and unpalatable facts, perhaps, but .still as. long as they are unvarnished realities, why not know them?' Expressions like this were fre quently on his lips— sentiments which found ready response and approval from his — from her. Do these views v,-eaken ons'-s senses of fidelity ? Certain it is that he began ex amining himself and asking such questions as 'Why should absolute exclusiveness be demanded, of a man in his relations with — in these matters ?' Moreover, the feeling grew, and was not without i'ts conse quences, 'though even he experienced just a tinge of compunction sometimes as he considered tie situation. Still, his mind was raade up — and had been from the first. As for her — she was still the same dreamy, suspicious woman; she still dreamed and looked out into the great sea and pan theised and poetised and tried to under stand the' inner meaning of things. He ?was found one day in a soip»7/Ji-at av/kw-Eli predicament, trying to make explanations and give reasons for his changed demeanor and his transferred affections, or what she supposed to be such. 'Brooks' girl has been down, that's all. I suppose you don't object to that, do you 1' He tried to epeak with a3 much nonchalance as pos sible, but there was a slight tremor in his voice, which betrayed a nervous anxiety that only increased the suspicion of the ?woman addressed. Then, proceeding again, he managed to stumble ou:, ''Can't under stand you lately at all. i see you have come to doubt me. Haven't I always stuck to you ?' 'And 'haven't I always stuck to you ?' she returned. 'I knoTV the finger of scorn is pointed at us. I know, too, that you think I stand in ..the way of your propo sitions and ambitions. No longer will it be said that I -was the obstacle ia.^jour path!' .-.?'.. -,'':*'? ' . ' :' - '? .' *'%-.. ? * i; ' ' \- It- was ? all over— the same old suspicions cheating spirit vrould not allow the breach to be healed, and one evening when he re turned to his study he found the following note, addressed to him, on the table: 'I have not much to say to you,' it began, 'nothing that I have not said before, very likely. You say I can forget you. Per-, haps so; it should not be hard to forget such a one. As to what has (taken place, rest easy, it shall not be disclosed. .You -will- no doubt feel - relieved when- 1 say I leave this 'city to-night.' In' saying' fare well, I wish you and your new mistress every happiness, which such a beautiful liaison is well calculated to bring about.' Outside, on 'the cheerless deck of. one of the N — : — boats. Everywhere* was the sign of Winter. The wind blowing from the south seemed to throw damp arms round her neck and lift the. hair from the pale face. :'Ah,' she thought, '-what a lie they utter who speak of Nature's; sym pathy — there is. no such-thiing, she mocks, us in our distress,' and ju3t. then the gusts of wind seemed to thrust the wet sea- foam into her face. 'Everything that is is ste rile, empty, unreal,' and the wildness and gloom, of 'Winter colored the trend of her despair. '? Would there e\~er be a life from which confusion, doubt, misery -will be- ab- sent^ and where all high aim3 and hopes 'will have fruition ? The thought seized 'her with irresistible power. She would speak to that tall man on the other side of the boat.' He had a manly appearance. Ap proaching, she beckoned him to come where s&e; might speak unmolested by the ele ments. 'I want to- ask you something. Teil me, do you think there's any other existence after thisv life— some great After wards, where one m.\r make a fresh start?' The man was' thunderstruck..' He did riot realise what the woman ..meant, and evaded ah answer. He wen,t' below, the ? words 'some great Af terwarfls' still echoing in hi3 ears.' About half-an-nour later he re turned, and looked for the woman. No; she ? was not there. He wouid go to the other- side.. .Yes, there sne was on the seat, ? huddled . up in 'the corner. He. went up to speak to her, but soon stepped back. 'Yes, that's the same mantle,' he inut tured, an'd once more disappeared below.' It was' the same.- ' He read the account in the papers. The description of the woman and the circum stances related were not lengthy,, but left no doubt as to the identity. 'My' God 1 What, a relief. When I read her note 1 could tell she was the same damned vixen as ever.' —ALEXANDER DUNCAN. 