SHORT STORIES. THE MIILLIONAIRE'S IBRIDE. (By John K. Leys.) (Continued.) Our conversation did not last very long, and I was going downstairs on my way out when I met, to my amaze ment, on the stairs, the lady from whom I had just parted, Emily March mont herself. For a moment a superstitious dread mastered me. I stood stock still, gazing at the appari tion-as it seemed to me-drawing slowly nearer. Then I saw my mis take. The girl was not Emnily Mar ch'nont. Close at hand the lileness was not so striking, but at the distance of a few feet it was positively start ling. The girl's height, carriage, poise and shape of the headi and cast of features seemedi absolutely identical with those of Miss Marchmont. Ere I reached the front door an idea struck me. I turned on my heel and slowly went back to the drawing-room. "Pardon me," I said on re-entering the room, "but I met just now on the stairs a girl who bears a singular re semblance to you, Miss Emily." "Isn't it odd?" cried the youngest Miss Marchmont. "Every one notices it." "But who is it?" "Only our maid, Forbes. We came across her once when we were staying at an hotel in Scarborough, and we engaged her because or her likeness to Emily, in order that we might get her to play in some private theatricals we had in view where tne point of play was mistaken identity. It succeeded splendidly. Everybody in the room though that Forbes was Emily; and in the middle of her acting the real Emily came in and confronted her. The people stared as if they had seen a ghost, and the applause was quite deafening." "Don't chatter so, Dorothy," said her eldest sister; and she turned on me a" look which seemed to ask me for an explanation of my conduct in returning. "It has just occurred to me," said I, "that possibly we may be able to make use of this accidental resem blance. Your great wish" (turning to Emily) "is to do something which would put a final stop to this annoy ance. Now, it is my belief, and Mr. Corbett's as well, that the rascals who wrote the threatening letter mean to strike him, if they strike at all, through you. And by far the most likely plan for them to adopt would be for them to try to abduct you, and hold you for ransom. Pray do not misunderstand me," I added hastily, for a scared look came into Miss Emily's face. "I do not for one moment suppose that they could succeed in carrying out any such crime. But if they have any serious plans underlying their threats, we may be pretty sure that they take the form of carrying you off by force or fraud and holding you to ransom. They demand twenty thousand pounds now of Mr. Corbett. For that sum they will graciously consent to leave him (and you) alone. But if they really suceeded in hiding you away it would not be twenty thousand, but two hun dred thousand, they would demand as your ransom." "But, Mr. Farrar, are such things possible in a country like ours?" asled the eldest sister. "I hardly think the attempt would succeed," said I; "but it might cer tainly be made. One cannot be al ways on one's guard, and the police cannot be everywhere, as some people seem to think they ought to be. Our aim is that if the attempt is made to carry out these threats the black mailers should not get the money they are scheming for, but get caught and sent to penal servitude." "Exactly! But how is that to be managed, Mr. Farrar?" ''My suggestion is this-that from now until the eve of the wedding Miss Emily should be somewhere else—say in London-while her maid should be lent to some friend in need of a maid who lives a good way off. That would be given out to the world-to servants, postmen, friends and acquaintances— to everybody, in short. But all the time the maid and the mistress would have changed places. The very eyes of the conspirators would aid in de- ceiring them. If they make any at tempt at all it will be against the maid Forbes, and you. Miss Emily, will escape altogether. Nor need Forbes be under any apprehension as to her safety. She has only to satisfy her captors that she is the girl Forbes, and not the rich prize they had hoped to gain, and they will be forced to re- lease her, for the simple reason that they must know hat no one would pay a large sum to ransom her. And when she returns to us the maid will be able, if I am not very much mistaken. to give us such information as will lead to the capture of the whole gang." The young ladies were delighted with this plan, but the person whose consent was really necessary was Forbes. She was sent for, and I be gan to explain matters by saying that Mr. Corbett had received several threatening letters. At this the young woman turned so pale and looked so alarmed that I thought I might as well give up my scheme at once. She would never have courage, I thought, to carry the thing through. I went on with my explanations, however, and took care to mention, In conclusion, that I felt certain that Mr. Corbett would be willing to promise her a very hand eome present in the event of the plan succeeding. Upon this the young woman asked if she might have a little time to consider the matter; and this being agreed to, I took my leave. Mr. Corbett was delighted with my scheme when I mentioned. It to him. The sole point he objected to was that he would only be able to see his sweet heart once or twice, if at all, before the wedding day, whereas he would b he forced to call upon the sham Emily SMarchmont every day, so that, if his \- movements were watched-as I had little doubt they were-the spies would be convinced beyond a doubt that Forbes was in reality the millionaire's bride. When I proposed my scheme to Ludovic Steyne he was not enthusias- tic about it. He thought it was too fantastic, smacked too much. of the Sstage, to be practicable. However, he offered no very decided objection to it, and the maid consented to play the a part assigned to her-after Corbett had promised to pay her £50 if a finger was laid on her, and £200 if the con spirators were arrested. The details were left to the Misses Marchmont, and they managed things a hundred times better than I could have done. Miss Madeley, an old governess of the Marchmont girls, was taken into the secret; and she readily consented to take rooms in Bayswater for herself and Eliza Forbes, who passed as Miss Emily Marchmont. It was given out that Miss Emily had gone up to town to see after her trousseau. It was also given out that Eliza Forbes had gone to stay at Miss Bellingham's to help to mend and clean some wonderful old lace which was to form one of the marriage presents. This Miss Bel- lingham was a great-aunt of the bride. She lived by herself in a small house near the Thames, Wickham—as re- tired a place of concealment (seeing that the boating season had not be- gun) as could possibly have been found. She had but two servants—one a strong-minded, faithful creature, who had been with her for forty years, and who was necessarily made a par- ticipator in the secret; the other, a red-checked country girl, who had lately come to the house, and who never doubted for a moment that the fine-looking, dark- haired girl who sat all day in the mistress's room. was Eliza Forbes, the Misses Marchmont's maid. Lady Marchmont's own servants were kept in the dark. They simply knew that Miss Emily and Eliza Forbes were from home-- they supposed that they were both of them in London. Twice a week Miss Bellingham's elderly servant walked over to Thames Wickham with Emily Marchmont in time to catch the early morning train. The train took Miss Emily direct to Wimbledon; and then she alighted and took a cab home. This she did for her mother's sake, but the utmost care and caution were observed, both in go- ing and returning. She wore, of course, clothes befitting her supposed station in life. On the other hand, the sham Emily Marchmont came home frequently, and always in the open day. A little enquiry showed that the tradesmen and neighbours habitually took her for her mistress. In a word, the transmigration was thoroughly and artistically carried out. When one of the two weeks had gone by Corbett came to see us again. He had received another anonymous let- ter that morning. It was rather dif- ferent from the others in that the writer assumed an air of contemptuous insolence, as of a man who is already master of the situation. If Mr. Cor- bett chose to remit twenty thousand pounds by cable to New York within the next three days the money would be accepted and no further claim would be made. If not, let Mr. Cor- bett look out for himself. He would not say that he had not been fairly warned. And more to the same ef feet. "The impudent blacklegs!" cried the young American, as he walked up and down my chief's consulting room. "Let them look out for themselves, that's all. I have this with me day and night"—he showed us the handle of a revolver sticking out of his pocket —"and I've engaged a giant of a fellow to go about with me. They can't touch me, and if they try any games on with Miss Marchmont they'll burn their fingers nicely, won't they?" "I have no doubt they well, Mr. Corbett," I returned, seeing that my chief was plunged in thought. "Miss Forbes seems an intelligent and spirited girl, and she has been fully instructed. If they presume to lay a finger on her they will find that they have caught a Tartar." Three days later Corbett went up again, and this time he was in a state of nervous agitation, for which I could not account. At last it came out that that afternoon, in passing along the Strand, a big, broad- shouldered, red haired nian had thrust himself in Corbett's way, laughed impudently in his face, and passed on. The inci- dent was nothing in itself; but I could see that the fellow was upset by it. He was convinced that the red-haired man was one of his hidden enemies, already gloating over his victim; and indeed it was a trying situation for a man to be in. He believed that his foes were only waiting an opportunity to spring upon him, and yet he could not take a' single step towards meet ing them, or warding off the attack. The night just three weeks before the wedding was dull, cold, and misty, more like November than March. About half-past seven at night Mr. Corbett came to Brussels Square, his face, radiant, beaming over with satis- faction. "We've got them!" he cried. "That Miss Forbes' is gone. I've a telegram \- here from Miss Madeley. Those ras- cals must have nabbed her on her way home to-night. I wonder how they managed it. I suppose she made no resistance. Ha! ha! Won't they be mad when they find out their mistake? I think I see their faces when she says 'Marchmont? That is not my name. I am Miss Forbes. Miss Marchmont is my mistress.' HIa, ha, ha! I say, Mr. Farrar, do you think we shall be able to put salt on their tails, eh? Can I see Steyne? When will he he in?" I was in the act of answering him when I heard Steyne's latchkey in the street door. He came in; but half a minute later I heard the door hang be- hind him. He had gone out again. Corbett ran to shout after him, but he was too late. Eight, nine, ten o'clock struck, and my chief did not return; and still the young American waited as patiently as he could. At last, about half-past ten, Steyne came in. I saw at once by his face that something had happened. When his eyes fell on Corbett he stopped short, and a look of grave pity came into his face. Then he walked up to the young man and took his hand. "Mr. Corbett," he said, ''I am abolut to put your manhood to the test. A terrible thing has happened." Corbett became white to the lips, and yet I saw him make an effort to pull himself together. Outwardly he was calm, and he looked Steyne straight in the eye. "She is gone!" said the young man hoarsely, and I now saw that he was shaking from bead to foot. Steyne nodded gravely. Corbett made a rush for the door, but the older man was the stronger of the two, and easily held him back. "What would you do?" said Steyne. "The last train for Thames Wickham has gone, and if you walk or drive you willonlyfatigue yourself to no pur pose. Everything that man can do, all that the organised police of the country, backed by your enormous wealth can do, has been done, or is be ing done at this moment. Take my 'advice: try to remember that it is not the policy of the kidnappers to injure Miss Marchmont in any way. She will be restored to you very soon, I am certain. Go home and try to get some sleep, and if you want to see with your ewn eyes what is being done. come to the Holborn Town Hall at 8 o'clock to-morrow morning. (To be Continued.) ============ 