OUR PARIS LETTER. Pauis, iluy 27. Mrs. ai&iaprop; says tnat for a lasting likrog it is best to commence with a little- aversion. That appears to be realised in the case of the Hague Conferenoe. It grows slowly in favour; it has outlived much prejudice, and vanquished many misgivings. Even the French, who keep coy on the subject, com mence to perceive that the congress can lessen many of the inhumanities of war: they note that political capital can be made also. Thus Britain and the United States hav ing adopted the principle of arbitration for the settlement of quarrels—illustrating it by example in their own case— could weli attract and lead all the secondary States. Pnblic opinion would be on their side, and that is the con trolling factor in political transactions for the disputant that has it not on his side—as in the case of a strike—may at once throw up the sponge. The wish is generally expressed that the conference will not draw out its existence to any great length, that it will agree to certain leading lines, and leave to an effective and permanent commission the duty of regulatingdetail. There can be no millen nium police to execute the decisions of the Universal Peace Court. That role must devolve upon a steadily cultivated and kept up-to-date public opinion. The conference must base its starting point from the inven tory of the world as it is. There is a vast mass of political brushwood to remove, to allow the scheme to work its way upwards. It was only fabulous Greece that could turn out ilinervas from the head of Jupiter. Another week's patience, and the verdict of the Court of Appeal will be known. A strange hold the subject must have had upon many. Or late several persons on their deathbed expressed their regret not to be able to know the decision before they died. How ever, for six weeks a ITonnt Pisgsh glance of the end was very visible. Opinion, save in the case of involved interests, is quite pre pared for a judgment in favour of Dreyfus There is not a particle of evidence to justify any accusation of guilt. Uncertainty exists as towhether the court will vote that he be retried by a fresh court-martial. That would be a lame and impotent conclusion, and wonld not whitewash the compromised general staff. Nor would the nation consent to be racked and divided for another IS months, to arrive at exactly the same situation as now exists. There is no new evidence zorthcomiog; any more muck- raking is out of place and useless. The public has now clearly separated the army from the guilty staff. There is no capital to be exploited in that strategic cry. The danger is now that the side of the winning Dreyfu&ards; will have their revenge on the agents who took part in the persecution of Dreyfus and his friends. The latter at first were a small party, not more than 15. Now they ore a nation. So certain is justice and truth to he victorious m tbe end. The idea prevails that, after the acquittal of Dreyfus, the Govern ment "will step in and declare the dispute closed. One fact connected frith the perse cation is overlooked—that the honour of sus taining- the demand for a fair trial for the unhappy Dreyfus reverts to the fair sex, and to the then few humble periodicals they com manded. Their weekly subscriptions of halt a franc up to one franc, heralded the current of opinion and indicated the course of its flow. Major Harchand will require to keep a very cool bead if he desires to remain green iu the hearts of his countrymen. TheBoulangistsand the enemies of the existing constitution intend to run him for the people. The major lias not politically committed himself Compelled on the demand of the British to quit Fashoda after a fortnight's residence, that winding-up was not his fault. He was the instrument of the last intrigue to embroil his country with England, which the latter exploded by serving a notice on France to quit, or to fight. The French are free to discover what consolation they please in that unpalatable event, at which the world may either applaud or—smile. The African travels of the major were greatly aided by the labours of preceding explorers. He worked his way well across the Bahr-el - Ghazal. Therein lay his success. Had he been able to execute his mission of barring out the British ou the Nile, his countrymen could rejoice. The Negus, after warmly welcoming Major Marcband after his hardships, and his—sorrows, perhaps, quietly resumed the delineation of the boundaries of his empire with the Anglo-Egyptian authorities, con ceded equal trading rights in his realm to Britain, and then inquired about the progress of the railway to Kassalu from the British resident diplomatist. Tbo French journals have been very eulo gistic of Queeu Victoria and her life of four score years. She has during her reign been i the friend of every country iu the universe. ' and naturally the admiration for her character is universal. A longer spell of life is ardently ! wished for ber—and so say all of us. The British colony of Paris observed the Queen's Birthday with every mark of loyalty and affection. The religious service, specially organised, was well attended, and the official world of France and that of diplomacy mustered strong. The British Ambassador and Lady Monson worthily sus tained the honours of the day by giving a most successful ball to 1.500 guests, every thing being in the best English style. Every notability was present. But from the opening to the close of the ball the rain was incessant and torrential; the windows of heaven were 'opened and the fountains of the great deep broken up, in the opinion of many. As the morning broke, optimists commenced to look for tko bow in the clouds Some delicate patriots objected to tho [ cards of invitation being' printed in English instead of in French. Her Majesty's Lord. Chamberlain when he next issues invitations to do so in French. Or the French Ambassador afc London, when he gives a ball, could get up his cards in Anglo Saxon, the language of realms having 500,000,000 inhabitants. A ball-reception like that just successfully given by Lady Monson would be the best way to keep the anniversary of the Queen's birth and empire day for the fntnre. Sarah Bernhardt'* Hamlet was a surprise and a veritable success. Till now the only Hamlet the French knew was that created by Hounct-Sully. He represents the prince 05 a man of intermittent and terrible energy. The grand Sarah presents him as a sort of child led by disordered nerves. That suits a feminine temperament beat. The scenery is too gorgeous; that of .Elsinore Castle and the cemetery are gems of art. Will any manager ever give a Hamlet as it was given in the poet's time, and with the humble accessories of the Globe Theatre? Everyone has his own idea of what the mysterious character of Hamlet ought to be, just as every philosopher has his idea about the world. The ghost scene was satisfactory, so was that with Ophelia. " To be or not "to be " was tamely rendered, and " the play to catch the conscience of the king" rather infantile. Hamlet's dialogue with his mother and the gravedigger's scene had nothing remarkable in them. The speech to the players was highly relished. Many approved.of the grappling with Laertes, bat in some way you felt unconsciously in the environment that a woman held the foil. The applause was unanimous, and the conclusion undeniable that Sarah had reaped fresh laurels. But the 44 Dame aux Camillas " will bring in heavier receipts than "Hamlet." During one of the interludes H. ilendes, the poet, and Vanor, the critic, were warmly discussing the physique of Hamlet. It waxed warm; Vanor maintained that Hamlet was very thin and asthmatic, &c.; hleudes, who appears to be asthmatic, took the allusion to himself, and slapped his opponent's face; blows followed, and later in the morning a duel was arranged. Mendes was wounded in the abdomen, fatally it was believed at first, but the patient is polling through. His wife remained in an open carriage under the trees. 100 yards away, and was a spectator of toe fight. At Dijon, where President Loubet made his first official visit, to inaugurate a statue to the late iL Carnot, he struck two keynotes that have been very well received by the country—namely, that there is no disunion in . the army, which is the outcome of toe cation and which duly returns thereto alter finishing its service. The second note was to impress upon France that it was in toe field of commerce the battles of the future must take place. The weather is very disheartening and depressing. It is next to murderous for aged persors, who expected spring in Afar and find winter to be still dominant. In the course of three to five days, the grippe does its work. The Trench doctors officially recognise no less than fire sorts of influenza. Poor Rosa Bonheur was afflicted with two—she is 77—aa she was preparing to come to the Paris Salon, from her property at By, near Fontainebieu. Fire doctors left Paris to prescribe for her. The Brussels Chamber of Commerce con cluded that one of its body was not a merchant bat a salaried spy in the employment of the French "War Office. Unable to eject him, they resigned collectively. The French Minister appears to hare said the accused had secret documents of a very compromising character. He sent, it appears, a crown of flowers to be placed on the grare of the forger and suicide, Colonel Henry. A jury of honour was impanelled and acquitted the suspected member. The Dreyfus gangrene is in tho affair. The Opera Comique. in the erection of which so many millions hare been expended, does not give satisfaction. The house will bo closed for three months to allow of the neces sary alterations being made in the stage ami the" orchestra. Its great drawback consists in not having its frontage on the Boulevards. The Municipal Council and the Prefect of Police are not agreed about the organisation of the police for the Exhibition; the city ban contributed handsomely to the show, and to expect it to contribute an extra three millions of francs for the police was not to be thought of. The State will not be bled, and it is hazardous to draw on the expected receipts. A very good bull-fighting business is being done at Ronbaix. a manufacturing city of 120,000 inhabitants, some short distance from Liile. The baiting is conveniently situated to suit English, Gorman, and Belgian visitors, of whom there were recently about 5,000 in the well-filled arena of 12,000 spectators. Six bulls were killed, the picador wounded, and the matador, from Spain, a* warmly ap plauded for his dexterity in despatching the bulls as if h« was in Seville. Roubaixis along way north from the south of France, whew the authorities hesitate tosuppress the cruelty. The inhabitants boast that the slaughtering " softens manners, and fills the coffers of tha local charities." And only think, the butchery will not be tolerated in Paris J That violates all the equalities. The Government is afraid to apply the law at Ronbaix also. Is the postmen's strike over? The Senate struck out of the budget the grant of 2,000.000 francs, voted by the deputies, to increase the salaries of the letter-carriers. The estimates having come back to the deputies, the latter have reinstated the 2,000,000 francs. By rejecting the grant the senators provoked the strike. Will like case like rule followP It worries the postmen, who ate sullen. Street cars propelled by liquid air have been \ satisfactorily tested at Zurich* 