Short Story. A Case of Conscience. There were perhaps a score of people in the drawing-loom of Westholuie Towers. The assemblage Included, among others, young Kadson, of the Guards, for whoui I had conceived a vast partiality ; Wallace Lewln, known to me-years ago, wlien lie was consul at Jaffa ; Mr. Can nau, the owner of the demesne adjoin Iug my cousin Tom's ; and Mr. Cauuau's winsome daughter. Dorothy. Miss Canuau sat at tlie piano, white Toiu, under pretext of turning over her music, stood close beside her, all plea santry and courtesy. Tom— tall and well-built— showed at his best that evening— I noted it with gull in my heart ;' and his jovial face was abeam with smiles. His diligent attendance on Dorothy Ciinuan had been decidedly more pro iiouuced of ,Jate, lending colour to the rumour then current to the effect that he iiud she were to make a match of It. From my seat in the embrasure of the window, with bitterness and envy mnk liug in my breast, I watched them. Strive as I might— and I detested myself for harbouring the abject fancy— I could cot help thinking of the consequences their. union would entail upon me and my expectations. ' His life only is between me and eight thousand a year,' I soliloquised fretfully. ' If he marries— faugh ! 'there's an end of* my prospects. Not only that, his marriage will rob me of hei' whom I love as my life— more tuau my honour. Lose Dorothy ! I cannot bear to think of it' My nerves were strained to their ut most tension that night I felt un wontedly irritable and reveugeful as I pictured the misery which the near future had in store for me. And while 1 brooded thus darkly, I seemed to hear a voice— the Evil One's, surely— ever and anon whisper encourag ingly into my ear. ' Only his life— only his life !' Thankful enough was 1 when Lieu tenant Radson and Mr. Lewln, crossing tiie li«or, broke in upon my churlish reverie. ?? What, moping alone ?' cried the lieu ceuant, cheerily, ' This will never do ! Cheer up, old chap. You seem out of sorts to-day.' ' Yes,' said I, wiping my brow. ' My h(ad feels bad— it's the hot room, I Ihiuk.' 'Well, come out with us into the library,' young Radson. went on. 'Stay, though ! Lewln has just told me that you possess a museum of your own that is, a collection of bric-a-brac, silver ornaments - and gew-gaws that you In-ought with you from the East. What do you say to displaying them to. us both ? I should greatly relish seeing them.' Upstairs we went to my dressing room— which adjoined my bedroom— ?where stood the oblong marqueterie table on which the articles were ranged. They consisted of various silver knick Inmnirc nf Tnrifnn .fillieTee-WOrk which I liad picked up in Bombay a year before, ?with other bizarre samples of Oriental workmanship which Bad chanced to take iny fancy. ' Very Interesting,' said young Rad sou, stifling a yawn, in the midst of iny panegyrics. 'Shall we go downstairs again ? I hear Tom staging.' . ?' Half -a- moment,' I interposed. 'You haven't examined this yet' So saying, I picked up what I vainly imagined to be the gem of my odd col lection— aa elaborately carved ivory sheath, in which reposed a no less artis tic Malay kriss. The steel 'of the razor-edged weapon ?was fantastically inlaid with silver, and it possessed some sort of historic value in having once been owned by the noto rious dacoit, Lai Mangos. The sheath I handed to the lieutenant, while Lewin stretched out his hand for the keen, curved blade. ' ' Very pretty, indeed,' commented Badson. 'Worth something, that, 1 suppose ?' Meanwhile, Lewln ran his finger along the edge of the kriss, a subtle smile upon bis face. Then, as if seized with a sudden thought, he struck a tragic attitude, lifting the knife high above his head. ' Ha ha !' he cried, aping the ortho dox transpontine villain. ' It's his life or mine ! Shall I strike ? Ha, ha !' Eadson laughed hugely at the ex consul's ludicrous posture, a laugh in ?which Lewln himself presently Joined. Then the kriss was once more placed snugly in its sheath, and we. returned to the drawing-room. By this time my cousin had dragged himself from Dorothy's side, being now seated in close converse with her father. Thenceforward, to my inind, try as I might to win her attention, she appeared woefully reticent. Several times I caught her eyes roam ing in Tom's direction, and the soul of me waxed wroth at the inference I could not avoid drawing. And at one time I thought she cared for me— thought she ? Joiew I oared for her. '-At 'that moment the voice smote iny ears again with its Insinuating hoine ' thrust— ' Only his life— only his life !' ' When the hour arrived for Mr. Oannan . and his daughter to start for- home, I '? escorted Dorothy to the carriage, Tom following at some little distance behind with her father. The pressure of her soft palni still lingered in my hand when I went up to iny room for the night. Once again, like muttered thunder in my ears, there rose the reiterated phrase— ' Only his life-his life !' II. After a wild tossing about on my bed, harassed and feverish, at length I dozed off. . . Was It a dream I dreamed then-^a horrible, torturing nightmare ? With ' all the strength that Is in me, I . pray that such a dream may never agnln fall to my lot. -??- . In the. dead -tf nlgtit, I thought that an invisible, Irresistible energy clutched . hold of, me, Impelling me. helnlosR ' against its mandates, to deed's fulr of 1 darkness; Ingratitude, and treachery. In obedience to Its behests. I dreamed that I rose from my bed, stole furtively Into my dressing-room, and there took the ugly fcrlss frojn'Jta'^bbard ; I Stj-' tlnptl.v, recollect tl\nt I ch'uckled softly , —oh, tlie horror of it !-pas ,,T snw the glint of the steel In the moonlight . ??: I Then, I knew not how. I fornidwyself. gliding cautiously into my. ? rimstn'fl room; ncross the thick carpet to the Fide of his bed. A sw)ft, strong Wow, fleep into IiSb, heart, nnd It was done 1 . ? , A cry— hoarse end appalling -broke the stlllriess.of the night and this It was, I suppose, that wakened me. ? | I sat up' In bed shuddering. Merciful powers { It was no dream ! The long drawn wail of mortal agony still rang upon the air. It came from the adjoin ing room— that of my cousin Toin. A cold «weat pouring out all over me, I blindly crept into my dressiug-roohl and struck a* light. Yes, It was no dream. The deadly kriss, lying bare nnd bloodstained on the little table con victed me. As 1 snatched it up again, to gaze aghast at its gory .edge, the muffled groan once more struck upon my ears. Still retaining the -weapon In my grasp, I darted out into the corridor. I saw the flicker of half-a-dozen candles, as, roused by the outcries, the Inmates 'pt the house hurried, panic stricken, to the spot With ,the ap pearance of the lights, Tom raised him self upon his elbow, stretched . his arm towards me as if In denunciation, and then fell Tjack— dead ! I have a dim vision of paled, awed faces around me, looking at me half rompassionately, lialf-loathfngly ; I saw the fearful gash In Tom's breast, from which the blood fiUll trickled ; .tbove all, like a scar In my memory, I recall tlie red-tinged kriss around which my fingers tightened convulsively. When the police came I gazed at them blankly, unable to renllse the import of their queries. I replied to them, fit hazard, Incoherently*— ' His life !' I murmured/ disjointedly. ' I was in a dream. Somnambulism ! I don't understand. A crime— who says it was a crime ?' The police inspector shook his head pityingly, and turned to speak to young Radson. 'Yes, yes,' said the lieutenant, with evident reluctance. ' It sounds like a confession. He'll go quietly, I've no doubt . ril accompany you, too.' So they led me, dazed and impassive, away. In a vague kind of fashion I knew that I was being taken to prison, and I managed somewhat to rally my scattered faculties. There was no use in -concealing the unconscious part I had played in this grim tragedy, and I unburdened my mind frankly. ' It's a terrible business,' said Radson, when I had finished. ' No, I don't blame you exactly. In that half -sleeping, ,half waking state, you were hardly .respon sible for your actions. But it's a terrible —terrible business !' He need not have told me that, for when I was left alone the vivid recog nition of my guilt was more than I could bear. The many instances- in which I was indebted to my cousin came to up braid me with the baseness of my In gratitude in ever countenancing an Ill wish towards him. And In what way would his death benefit me now ? I could never be rich with his wealth, nor possessed of bis lands ; Dorothy, too, would execrate my name, and hold my memory in deserved abhorence. Nothing remained for me but the ghastly farce of trial and conviction ; beyond loomed the gaunt, forbidding gallows. III. A man. left alone with such thoughts as mine tastes an earnest of death. The leaden hours passed slowly by, and al though I could not have been inside the gaol over five hours, it seemed as many weeks to me before Lieutenant Radson returned. 'Phew !' he said, eyeing me intently. ' You seem the ghost of yourself. You ought not to give way like this.' ' Ought not ?' I echoed, bitterly. ' Do you expect me to laugh and dance under my sin ?' ' Come, come 1 it's not so bad as all that' he added quickly. ' I've a ques tion or two to ask you. In the first place, why did you pitch me that tale about a gruesome dream V' ' What do you mean ?' I cried ex citedly. 'Why this— that you no more killed your cousin than I did !' , ' What ! Is Tom not dead 7' ' Unfortunately, yes. But you had no hand in causing his death. The real murderer has been found — wapdering half-clad, and raving niad, upon the moor.' ' The real murderer !' I repeated vacantly. ' Have no fear ; he Is in safe keeping now.. He must have let himself out of the house Immediately after the deed was done, still retaining, in spite of his undoubted insanity, a lurking notion of the necessity of flight Of course, as soon as we missed him, the hue-and-cry was raised, with the result that he was discovered on the moor, as I have said, chattering to himself and chuckling over his atrocity. He particularly gloats over his frenzied cunning in having secretly filched the Malay kriss from your room, and in replacing It without disturbing you, after (he had put it to the vile pur poses conceived by bis crazed brain. Certainly, ? the poor fellow is not ac countable for his actipns, yet his people are greatly to blame ? ' 1 'But,' I interposed hastily, /'you have pot told me who this madman Is.' ':Why, it's the man you knew away in Jaffa— Wallace Lewin. His friends were at once communicated with, and a brother of his reached Westholme an hour ago. From him I learned that ', Lewin has of late been somewhat erratic in his behaviour, the outcome, no doubt, of the sunstroke he sustained a few months back in the Levant Ever since then he has been subject to periodic fits of melancholia, but nothing serious was thought of them ; certainly, nobody Imagined that they would culminate,,, as they have done, in a seizure of homi cidal mania. What impelled him to vent his delirious spleen upon your cousin, rather than upon any one else, I can't understand, unless, Indeed, It was for the reason I have already mentioned— the apparent ease with which the mur : der could be fathered upon you. That, too, seems to be Mr. Caunan's' theory.' ' Ah J Has Mr. Oannan been to the Towers ?' ' He came directly ne neara ot xoms death. By the way, we were all at fault with regard to Tom and Mr. Cau-- nan's daughter, I had a long talk with: the old man, and, from what he said, I conjecture that Tom was endeavpurlng to smooth tlie path for you, Aware that her father, would probably '.discounte- nance any engagement between you and 'his child, becauste'io'f your unsatisfac tory position financially, Tom— the mag nanimous fellow— even hinted at settling a' substantial annuity upon you, on con dition -that Mr. Oannan withdrew all obstacles. That expedient will now no longer be needed ; equally, of course,' Miss Oannan knew nothing of these pending negotiations.' ? ? ; 'And she?'.! murmured. 'Have you seen.ov heard onytliingof her ?' . . ' Only that she is in a state of anxiety and indignation ;on account of your, arrest, nigh bordering on, distraction. Her father has gone to see about, get ting you out of this Infernal hole, and If I might advise you, I would suggest that you drive straight to tils bouse, and set her at rest Hark,' adflea he, as foot steps drew near the cell door, ' here comes Mr. Oannffn to carry you off.'— ?»' Weekly Sun.' 