Defective-Inspector William Wiley, of the Criminal Investigation Depart ment, Great Scotland Yard, was one of those quiet, sabdued men who be lieved in himself. IJedisliked fass, and though not averse to seeing bis name in the dailies io connection with as mart explore,* he was very close with any little basinets be had in hand until the affair was carried through. So when a little bird whispered to bim—a bird officially known as '* information received"— that Haliiwell House had been marked down for inspection on ft cer tain night by a small but"select- gang of *' cjacksmsjn," Inspector Wiley smiled, and requested Sergeant Buster; to be sent to him. The worthy sergeant bad been his companion in many an arrest. lie was big, in fact balky, bat discreet and the detective trusted him im plicitly. ♦' It's a plant- uf this new lot,"' said the inspector to the genial Buatcr wheu he had appeared. " This is the fourth affair they've been in, and got clean off so fiuv -We'll dG this ourselves quietly acd be sure of 'em.\ First time they've been given away, so we'ye gut 'cm clean," '* Right y'are, sir,";} responded the serj^ntj cheerfaUy. \ ^ When is it ?'' " To-morrow, qaarter after mid night. We'll get there* at 11.45 to maks sure, plain clothes of course. We shan't want anything but the * darbies/ " So they arranged their little .programme. Haliiwel! House was one of those large, old-fashioned places which are still to be foahd in the near northern suburbs of Loudon ; & detached resi dence, standing in its own grounds well back fromthe raain road. Mr. Pessel, who ran chemical works in the City Roac, was the owner, and lived at Halliwell House practically all the year round, with the usual staff of indoor servants and a gardener, On principle Inspector Wiley gave no notice to the inmates of the burglarious attempt to be made. He did ebt want to be bothered with an excited householder and a lot of streaming women. His idea was . to etiect th«s capture quietly, without disturbing a soul—except the burglars So, punctually to time, he and his burly sergeant found their way tc the edge of the lawn at the back of. the house / commanding the scullery window, which, they were informed, wonld be the point of attack. " Better make sure they're not ahead of us/' niarmared.the detective, and he cautionsly crossed the lawn to try the window. Half-way : across he stomBled dverf&ome; obstruction and fell heavily, the sound of his fall covering an exclamation not to be found in the; rnles of the service. " Confound it," he whispered to Buster, who crept to his assistance, "they've pegged «>nt their ground already. Shouldn't wonder if we find 'em ia the honso." The officer had come to grief over a strip of copper -wire used by; cautions cracksmen to cover |their retreat by tripping up any chance pursners. The two officers were examining the fastenings of the scullery window, with a bull's-eye which they had t urued da, when footsteps were heard on the gravel walk just behind them. They turned round in time to face two gentleman, baivheuded and in evening dress, who each laid a sacri legious hand on the coat collars of the men from Scotland Yard, while with the other hand they held a huge Army pattern revolver, pointed with siekeniug precision at the respective heads of the officers of the law. There was a moment's silcuce. It was broken by the taller of the two gentlemen, who said:— *'So we've got you, my beauties! Come inside and let's have a look ac voit. No noise, if you please. I've got my wife ill upstairs, and I donV want bar distutbed." Noise was the last thing the captives: dreamt of. They were speechless with amazement and indignation. Still collared, they were marched through, an open French window, whence the host and his friend had noiselessly emerged, and found them selves in .the dining-room. Here the tall gentleman turned on the electric light with the barrel of his revolver, stood the dazzled inspector and his comrade against the wall, and ejacul ated, in & low tone:— •'"Well, I'm blessed! This is a lucky Ptroke. What have you two got to say for yourselves?" '* Simply, sir," said the' now irate," bat still.cairn, inspector, •* that yon have made a ifdicu Ions, mistake.- ~ We received information that your house was to be en'ered by burglars at 12.15 to-night, and we catne to catch the parties—who evidently got here "before Us, because T. tripped over one of their wires." "Then who the dickens are you if you ate not the burglars yourselves ?" inquired the other gentleman. H I am Inspector Wiley, of Scotland "Yard, and tlrs is Sergeant Ba3ter." Come, I say," remonstrated the same gentleman,, "you do pile ifc on. Yon don't expect uS to believe that yarn, do von 'f Where's your anfehor t._5» " .. sty." u Here.'® promptly responded the inspector, diving into his coat-pocket ; buf withdrew his - feasd empty, with an annoyed expression on his countenance. " Coafotind it, my staff mast have dropped out when I leilT " Vsrv likely," remarked the other gentlemen, dryly. "It'sit uay they've got. isn't it? It's a wonder ibis didn'4 drop off and he made a sadden snatch at the beard of the detective which caoic away in his hand. The officer made a movement to mwter. his property so uncerenion oosiy appsnpriated, but 'was met by the cold glister of the pistol-barreh •* No now," said the tail man. roughly, " or I'll let you have a ha!h& with ail the pleasure in 1 fe. Ton spandrel* want a lesson bidly ; rvpiiar pests of society; vera ought to be exterminated. What-do yoa mv, George, shaH I wing him? and he t ,i sed hi* weapon thmitt-ningly:" ♦ No, said the other. <sdon't lei'?. have a row; well get theta leu ytnus instead*" . - '*1Aincy trvii gtn come the detective tlotiif uver us, false beards and all, L<Ktk ai hjus, PesbeJ, heVgot Portland writ large alf oser h*s f iCtj." tfift oin<*h for IXiteciive Inspeetor Wiley. " &*ik here, geat[onir:3, this tniv he verj fanny for you 8t present, bat let me teil you it will be a veiy serions tiling f«r ji>a in the m "thing ; obstruc ting e*fficers in the discharge of thei? duty aud'th-eateniiK t»iil» firearms. It's' out a case of e paltty fiue. ramd you; it'g a felony," and the inspector drew hnr.stlfup, _ 0!ir,we've had enongh of that rot,'* , r»'flied the one esliul George. " Where | can we pat them Tor the night ? I au» Lbanpjed if I'm going t« hunt up a con- j stable at this time of night; beside?, we don'i want the folks npsiairs disturbed." " But,. great hearen?, sir," reinon ti'rafed the inspector, in a fine frer.zy, "don't y«»n see we shall lose the burglars «hen they do come? They have jt* hablv gone a"5?ay, to return at 12.15, and they may be at the scullery wiudow any minnte now." " Upon my word," said Georgp, you do keepJt np well. The scullery window, was it? Ah, well, 1 don't kuow that we conid put them in a better place, eh, Pessel ? Good, strong do»r, and bars to the . window; besides —ha, ha,—they will be iu the rery spot to catch the friends they say they are expecting." '* Splendid," said Mr. Pefsul, " but I think ire had better tie them up, eh? Slippery chaps, you know—they mi^ht g-i off through the window. Lei's search them. Halloa," plunging his band into the sergeant's p ;cket,41 what's this? liandenffc— the very tiling. They do dress up to their part, don't they ?" - Amid the indignant protests of the officers, somewhat subdued by the aim of the deadly revolvers the inspector auti sergeant were handcuff d together, and merched off to the scullery. " Now, not a gonad," said Mr. Pessel; " if yoa ppeak another whisper' we shall gag- yon. You can make y« urself comfortable here for the night, »n l I'll hand you over to the police in the morning. Meantime, if jour en terprising brothers in-armscnj? along, well, yon have each a free hand to deal with them. Good-nigh'." The door was closed softly and the ! k«*y turned. i " Well, s'elp me me," muimnred the balky sergeant, who spoke for the first time, " I call this 'ere a fair cop an' no mistake." "1*11 make old Postle-and-mortar i pay for this, see if I don't," hissed the i in»pector, savage'y; " perhaps they'll believe u? when we've landed the gang, bat I quite exppct all that blaze of light has scared 'em/' And so it provid; at least the prisoners were not tits urbed from the ontside. They passed a far from com fortable night: Ab'mt 6 o'clock they heard a door bang, and someone moving in the had ' Gone for the constable, I suppose," said Bnster. •' Shan't I enjoy the sight of his maj w'eu he fetches'im along." But the steps drew near, and the detective made bold to lap at the door. 4t Halloa, who's there ?'s said a voice which scemid strange to them." '• Dome, sir, you know well enough ; it's time tfe were ont and had this little matter settled," replied Wiley. ' Well, I'm—ahem 1*' said an un doubtedly straiigo voice, as the door opened; *' the birds baveu't fl>wn yet." A stout, flmd old gentleman stared at the couple. At the sight of h:m Wiley turned pale aa a ghost. " For heaven's aake don't tell me that you are Mr. Pessei," he cried. " Well, then, I'll tell y.oi for your own sake, n»y friend I am Mr Pessel." 41 Then who were those gcutlemen here last night—your son«, perhaps ?" faltered the poor inspector. " Sons," thundered the old man, " I haven't any, nor wife either for the matter of that. Y«u wrre the gentle man who were her/, Icxpect, consider ing that the house has been eleared ou*. I had a bogus telegram last night ab>ut important business?, and just re turn to fiud all my plate and valuables j gone, but the thieves don't seem to br," ; and here he looked meaningly at the two tftioers. " Done," moaned the inspector. " Done brown," echoed the sergeant; and the first-named proceeded to ex plaiu the silttiliou, ii.d how the real burglars had acted tbehust and his friend. " But here, I say, you know, how am I to know that this i<n'x all bunkum ?" '• We've had enough of that line of talk," replied Wiley, quite fiercely; cili. the constable on the beat—he will soon tell you who we are." '* And suppose he is a friend of yonrs made np, eh ? We've heard of such things, you know." " Great heaven?, sir, I want to be after these men. Look, there's my ser vice staff- on the lawn : you can see it from thcr. window." ' • - - *• £ snppo?e it's all right," slowly re turned Mr. Pessel, " but it's a mighty queer business." and lie let the officers ont. " A poor lot, these Scotlahd Yard men, afur all I'm afraid ft's good.bye to iny plate." The officers are still looking ",for two gentlemanly men who affect evening dress, one of whom answers to the name uf Ueorge. And Detective-Inspector William Wiley, of the Criminal Investi gation Dcpartm-ii'. has not yet heard the '.last at tl»e'Yard of bis recent neat little job,'* 