Dopariqre of Sir. J. J. Williams. PIIR3ENTAT10N BY THE SCHOOL ? oniLDKirs. On Friday last Mr Williims covered his Cf)nnoctioT?-With the Wilcannia Publio School, of which ho h&s; been in chargo for tbo paat livo years. M* Williams' do- parturo ia regretted by tho childron, parents nnd townspeople Ken#ni'y» bavins fillcxl whAt \a narham tho most important publio post in the town, in an exceedingly able and .concientious man nor. Ho goes to his now sphoro of labour at Smithtown with tha cood, wishes of overyono in Wilcahniv ** &n; ^orcn°on of Friday, Mr VyilUama wis preaent«xl with a handaomo silrerdish. accompanied by a nratly vfrittcjix id4rea3, rdnmng* as folloyps ?' Dear Mr Wnillsmsj^rAs you have b^on our teactjer for a lonjf tlirfe! and aro now going away tq another school, we wish to make you a httlo present to tako with you, and winh you to please eocopt jt ifith^ur- good .wi«hev We thank you for al|. roa have dono to help us on with onr stadias, sod hope you will like tho new town and fohoolyou are;gojng to. — Violet Holding and1 Maud MaU, oq behalf of tho pupils of tha school. Mr WUliam* explained that owing to a recontly issu'od ciroiils'r from tho MinUtor ho was unablo to formslly accept tho pro sent, but would take stops to obtain tho Minister's sanction. .In tho meantimo .there was nothing in tho regulations which proventod him from acting civilly to tho children who had been ao kind and . generous, and siocurdin^ly thanked thom heartily. And expressed nia pleasure in aclcnQwlrdgfn^ titelf kindneu, nui only at tho nrenont, but on nuny other occa sions, during his residence in -Wilcannia. Ho had aleoMTelt a spirit of loyalty and confidenco among the pupils. ' Ho was awaro thoir spirit of gratitudo waqdeop, but all tho aamo their action on thQ prp sent occasion came aa a wolcomo aurpriso, and ho only felt aoh*y he was not ablo to thank them in thoat terms their kindness dc^orved. . In tho rvftornnon a second presentation was mado consisting of sevoral handsome books, and tv sccona address was road as follows: — . Dear Sir,— W« tbe pupils of tho Wilcsnnia Publio School desire^ on you removal to. another distrlot, to expreas our gratitude to you, for tho g«-id work yon havo dono in our I mtdat fur the post five years. The regret wo | feel in parting i* tempered only br the fcolinft I tb&t; our loss will be fourRain.- We bope ana I trust that the chanre will be a material I benefit to yoursolL'mfe, and family and we vri*h you all prosperity and bappines* in yonr now horao. We rtnain, The Pupils of tho rublio SohtMl, The teacher again expressed his anr pride and pleasuro at tl\iq sooond display of gonuino friindahip. He thought it was all finiaho^ in tho morning, but now thero was a Bioond draw upon irift almost oxhaustod atvfehouso of suitable word*. Ho could on'y thank thom again for their creat kindicss. In rofcrunce to tho remark In theaddre&s;, 14 that thoy desired to express their gratitudo for tho good work he bid- done in their midst,' ho could only hopo that good frui^ would bo the result, but to what oxtont ho would not presanjo to say. It was not always safo to oppress, our own opinion, lie proferred their opinion. But there was one thing that gave him satisfaction, and thai waa tho iaward oonviction that he bad tfiod to raiso thom morally and intel lectually. He had tried and that was a great dcal,'ind although ho was conscious that ho had dona thing* that porhaps should not'have beon done, and loft thingn undone which it was too late to do now, nevoitheless ho had dono what ho could, and it was^gmtifying to hear thoy appreciated his best efforts. As farewell advico Upgavo thom tho famous line of Tennyson, ''Live puro, sneak true, right wrong and folViw Christ.' Ho was aware it was bocoming old fashioned, but tliia was why ho pfoftrred it, becauso it was only things wkic\ are trno and gonuino that lire and erov nld fa^hionml. Tfr vean also practical advico. If ho exhorted thom to try n^d become famous states men, poets or ^rntors ho might bo asking .them todowlutGod Almighty never in tended thom to do ; hut in asking them to 'live purq ipeak truo and follow Christ' he wm only asking them to do that whieh he knew tho Almighty ox poctod of lis all .? Mr Williams loft by the Cobar coach on Saturday afternion, when almost all tho sohool childron and a large number of frionds aasombl^ to bid him farewell and Qcd speed. 1 iho following poem, wntton: by Mr Williams' broth* in tho 'Educational Oaaotto' of Janniry. 1899, ia insortod by request as appropnato to tho occision FA1BWELL. '-? A ghost of sadness talked with mo to. day, And from tha hill Itaw the children play, I While girdle aftor grdle, pare and sweet, . 1 Of merriment, thov 00k with racing ifeet Aronnd thir school. My thoughts I cann t bear— Farewell ! Farewell is written everywhere. Child faees, atoepedm sympathy, impren The leyal stamp of laman tenderness. In shaking hands I weighed— I sadly weighed— ? - The rock of friendaho Uttle friends had made. Farewells like these rill sfcapoa thought and start Well bred impression leaping in the heart— Iropreasions which perhaps have slspt for years, And now awsko to Y-atthemsolvea— ia tears. 