THE M/ELSTROM. [Br EDWARD NOBLE IN THH 'ROYAL MAGAZINE.'] (Continued.) He stumbled to hie feet again, and called toQ&skin; for -his flask. We went over to where he stood, and I heard Gaskin speaking quietly to him. ' ' Were you to pilot her down F * he questioned. 4 That's about It, air. Times are .hprd—a man must lire.' * I don't blame yon, bat the pilots would.' * There's as good men In the boats as evci piloted for Trinity House, air. Talk about robbery, {Jap'n^M'in; ain't itirobbsry for one cbap to have the pref. over all the rest!. Ain't that robbery ?' 4 That's better,' said Gaskin, quietly, to me ; * now we shail get something out of him.' * Look here, air, it's like thi3. I'm afloat in the old boat betimes off Greenwich lawst Tuesday, when I see the Maelstrom coming down stream in the wake oC a little toBher as ehe c#uld have stowed betwixt galley and mainmast. There are no boats alongside, so I says to myself, I'll take the liberty of putting my hook aboard yon. Perhtps there'll be a job out of it perhaps there won't Odds is evens in cases of this soi t, so hook her it is. By-and-by, I fix the boat's slip and climb on board over the stern. There's a white-baired Dutchman at the wheel, an' there's a yellow- haired Dutchman, wiv a long yellow beard, walking the poop. 4 That's the skipper,' says I; 4 but there's no pilot. Hellings! there's oil in this Here cruse or I don't know nothin.' /Good mornin', Cap'n,' sajs 1. ' Goot morning,' s»«s he. * Sir, 1 says I,' van are wanting a pilot. Any maa could see that by the way you're standing out in the thick of the tide when you might be cheating it. You'll have to take a pilot a bit lower if you don't take me.' 4 Wheer your papers ?' says lie. ' Here,* says I; and I out with my ticket like a bird. 4 Liceased under Waterman's Hall.' says I. 4 Ten shillings to the No re,' saye he. 4 A pound,' says I. 4 1 Till giff.you fifteen schilling or go away.' * Done, sir,' says I ? * I'm your man,' and we clenched the deal in as good a glass of Hollings as ever you may wish to get outside of. Well, sir, we tow down river all day as quiet as you like, and towards evening come to anchor at the foot of the Lower H»pe. There's a lot of Dutchman lying there then, but the wind coming westerly a Wednesday morning, sent the mosi of them scootin' wiv a flowing sheet. That morning, shortly before noon, I'm stacdiu' aft talking to this here Bjornson, when I hear the fluttei of petticoats about the kebbin stairs. 4 Hallo I»says I. 4 Women aboard ?' 4 Oh, yes,' said Bjornson, who speke English first-class, liko most of these Dutchman. 4 It's the Capn's wife. Haven't you seen her ?' 4 She grubs in hen. room then,' says I; and with that I turn about, and there she was standi ug atop of the companion stairs. Cap'n Gaskin, 1 ain't much of a hand at givin' you the pictur of a woman, noJeHfarin' had much truck wiv 'em. But I've seen picture—picture of angels and gells with dawk eyes, and babbies at their breasts at the Hospital up at Gr*»enwi;h—and lumme! there you are; tall, straight as a lower mast, round aB an aople, dawk hair, red lips, * a>id eyes, sir—eyes that would look through a man and bring him up all standing. Bjornson takes off his cap and stands lookin? at her. I do the same, and stand like a fool while she blares at us out of those black eyes of her's a minute. Then she turns and goes belo *t, looking as haughty as they make em. There's a flush aerost Bjornson's face. ' Cap'n' wife, eh ? ' says I. 4 Ought to be,' says Bjornson. 4 Ho, ho !' says I,' that's the game, is it ? Where did you pick her up ?' 4 Out in Rio last voyage,' says Bjornson. 4 ^he was for marrying the o'd man when we got home. But it didn't come.off. He felt shy of it in his owii town; promised to marry her here>. Now my lady won't be married, aid there's smoke between 'em. 1 ' 'When I come on deck after tea, Bjornson, who has taken a fancy to me, cames up, and whispers : 4 There's trouble down aft, Pilote; there s muddy water being stirred. I wouldn't be the old man. These Spanish women aran't to'be trusted;'. * That night 4 whilst I'm walking the deck, it's going on for two o'cloak in the morning, I hear a sound down below, and I remember in a minute what Bjornson has told me. So I slip over to the scuttle which is drawn. There's a low, swashing noise down in the dawk of 4he kebbin. Sw-i-s-h-h-h, w-h-r-r-r, w-h-r-r-r ; then all is as still as the dead. My hair goes np acrost my heai, sir, and the chills run down my back, for it's a ghostly ncise 1 heir —notthe sound of an^ jnortal thing, I know. It deii't belong to ships, or steamers, or the river. It's like "the fluttering of a giant moth. ' Awhile this went on, thtnall grew as silent as the grave. And in that silence—if I'm asked—the skipper died. Died stose dead, Cap'n, with nary a spill of blood in all the kebbin.' * What make's you say that ? • anked Gaskin, quickly. 4 Did you think of foul play ?' 4 Not that night I didn't, sir. 'Twaeu't till the next day—yesterday that is—that it struck me. Then I remembered there was no sign. The skipper die I in his bed, sir,{aud I saw the sheets- as white a3 the full moon. ' Gc on,' said Gaskin. * How far are we from the Maelstrom, Ditmal ?' 4 Matter of half-a-mile, sir.' 4 Creep up in shor<» of her, and let me knew when you are well ahead. Go dead slow.' In the morning Bjornson comes to me,* Htllinigs went on 'slowly. ' The Cap'n's dead/ he says in a queer voice. 4 Lumme!' says I; 4 then I heard his ghost quit. 4 How,' says Bjornson ? Then I tell him just what I'm telling you, Cap'n, an' he sits wiv his head acrast the rail shivering like a child. 4 She wanis to see you," says he. 4 Who ? * says I. 4 Cristobel, Crissy ; the skipper's wife. (T«> be continued.) 