m of By GEORGE GRIFFITH. ; 'Author of "The Angel of the Revolution," "OlgaRomanoff," "Outlaws of the. Air," "Romance i of the Golden Star," "Knight of the White Rose," "Valdar the Oft-Born," &c.;, &c.; ■ {Published by special arrangement with the . author. All-rights reserved.], CHAPTER XVII.—(Continued). . He had his finger on the spot indicated by the latitude and longitude m the report as he spoke. Then he put the i-o- re-nnger of his left hand on Toulon. The lieutenant got up and leaned over the map with his hands on the table. "It's a very- long way," he said, deli berately. ' "N o, I should not say that it was possible. What I mean is I don't know of any sea-goingeraft that could do the distance in the time. _ At. a rough guess 1 should say that it is considerably over three thousand miles—nearer - four, in fact. ' The Lucania herself couldn't do it by a day; and this craft was nothing like the Lucania." • "But I thought that..the report stated that she travelled at an enormous speed?" asked Standish, with a touch of disap pointment in his tone. • ' "She certainly seemed-to do so," replied the lieutenant. "For instance, we were going seventeen, and she ran away from us just as a "destroyer might have done in smooth water; but then yon must also ~ remember that out: at. sea appearances at night are-very, deceptive. Still, of. course, there are the two facts, that he was tra velling very fast and that he was going without lights, = and if we hadn t lost him so soon I should have felt inclined to give him a hint with a four-inch gun. Beastly ' bad manners, you know, .when you're spoken by one of her Majesty's ships not to answer." , , ."But you did get a good look at her [with the searchlight?" .said Standish. ."Oh; yes, just for a moment. Yon know ,when'you see anything with', a searchlight like that it looks like a ghost coming up out of the darkness. Still, I bad time to see that she was apparently a yacht of considerable size——" . "Do you think you would know her again, lieutenant, if yon saw her?" interrupted Standish quickly. "After all, "teats a good deal more to the point." . .. , ,, "Well, yes, I think I should," replied the lieutenant slowly.. "You see • we fellows nt sea have to have a knack of taking in a ship's appearance very quickly and al though I didn't see her for very long—only a few moments, in fact-—I saw her very distinctly. .And of course the circumstances . themselves would tend.to.cause me to re member her." • „ , ' ., "Well, that's good enough for me, said " Standite. "Now, lieutenant, I want you" to ■do me a favor, which I should have no right to ask you for, only that I believe ■you'll grant it if you can when you know ithe reasons." . "I should certainly like to solve the mys tery myself, and as I have a couple montns' leave due ro me——" "Just the very thing I was going to ask , you," said Standish, interrupting his eager ly. "I'm going to ask you to spend that leave, or some of it at any rate, in a trip across Europe to tee Mediterranean, and, if necessary, .'further. I want to find this Sy bile and I want you to tell me whether she is the boat that yon saw, and before you say 'yes' or 'no' to that I'll ask you to let me'tell you why I want you to . come." The lieutenant leant back in his chair and took a sip at his coffee, giving no evidence of surprise at the somewhat singular, re ; quest, , and said just as quietly as he had spoken all along— • "Please go on, Mr. Standish, I'm sure your reasons will be worth hearing and I . shall be most happy-to fall in with your crashes, if-I-can. Only, of course, I shall have to rhn home for a day or two first." "Of course," said Standish. "Take a 6moke. 1 can recommend these. Well, now to put it as shortly as- possible, the matter. ' stands ' this way. . This -Merrivale and myself ' are both in love with the same girl. She's refused , me and accepted him, or at any '* rate there's an understandingbetween them and so you mustn't put what I am going to ; say down to selfishness, because.I am not the sort of man who would risk taking 'No' from anyone twice. Still, this young lady belongs to an old and honorable fami ly. After what I have said I needn't, of course, tell you that I respect her very highly. Now this story seems to be a mt ; too good, and yet perhaps you've seen that there's one bit missing, which makes \- it all read very suspiciously." j "I can't say that I have seen it so far," said the lieutenant. "But then. I've only just glanced through it. What is your point?" "It is this," said Standish. "Merrivale knew that this brother of his, whether the marquis or the convict, was a passenger on the Scandinavian. Therefore, if this story about picking him up is true, he must have . known that he could only have got into that conditiouby the Scandinavian becom ing a wreck, and as he knew that, why did he go all those hundreds of miles up to : Toulon without going into Gibraltar, or somewhere about there, to report what had happened? You know a yacht's not like a mail ship, lieutenant. Her time's her ■own, and a day's steaming is neither here nor there." Why didn't he do that?" "Well, yes, I must say that that does look a little suspicious," was the quietly spoken reply.' ."And another thing," lie .went on, staring hard at the map, "a big ship like that couldn't run into another or get run into and smashed up and both ships go down together without making a good deal of flotsam of different sorts. And beside, you 'know, even in the case of the Bourgogne some boats got away, and, as it /happens, we came over that very spot, as far as one can judge, and we never saw a thing, and nothing has been reported. .Then, again, mo -other snip has been report ed as lost at Lloyd's within the last fortnight, and-certainly if anything capable of sinking the Scandinavian had been lost I should think Lloyd's would have heard iff it 'by this time. But you haven't told me your "theory of the affair yet." "To tell you the truth," replied Stand ash. "I 'haven't got one. I only read this story-this -morning, and since then I've been pretty busy thinking, but I must con ! fess I haven't got any very clear ideas to go upon. But, for the sake of argument, one might put it this way. Supp'ose this • Merrivale is not the marquis, but the con . ,vict. He. knows tha t -his real brother, the marquis, has sailed in this mail ship. This other marquis, d'Avranche, who, by the /way, has one of the loveliest daughters the light of day ever shone on, owns a yacht 'of enormous speed, and perhaps armed /with some infernal contrivance which could send a ship to the bottom in a few minutes. • ' "These two -are accomplices. They start lout to stop the 'Scandinavian' in mid ocean, -hold her up, take the other fellow off, and then sink her. Of course- I ad mit that it's- a pretty wild theory, and if I hadn't seen that paragraph about your report no thing of the sort would ever have struck one. But-it seems to me that, mad and all as the theory may. sound, it's the only .Way of accounting for the absolute disap pearance of the 'Scandinavian,' the absence of all wreckage in the. waters where she is supposed to have gone down, and .what you saw that night. You'll remember, too, • that you saw -her right in the track of the [African liners. Who was she? What .was he- doing there? And what sort of a yacht must it be that can steam twice as fast as one of her Majesty's cruisers?" ®T'm afraid, my dear sir," said the lieu tenant, "that you'll find it as difficult to find an answer to those questions as you .would to get your very ingenious theory as to' the loss of the 'Scandinavian' accepted. lYou see, it would involve an act .of piracy »f the most-atrocious description, and they 'don't make pirates in steam yachts nowa days, you know. I grant you, of course, that the great speed of the vessel we saw is--a: mystery. No such yacht is kntown —I mean no yacht capable of such a speed, because she must have been travelling over thirty knots. Again, the fact of her go •• ing without lights on a dark night like bhat, and the further fact that, instead of answering our hail she-ran away from us— well, all this is certainly very suspicious. Whatever she was doing there she was after no good. And so far I follow you. But as for the reste—" "Well, then, lieutenant," Standish in terrupted; "if you can follow me as far as that, will you come and follow the yacht with.me? When we find her, if you can say, That is the craft I saw,' we can go further; or, at any rate, I can, because I believe there's crooked work here, and I'm going to got to the bottom of it, good or bad, if I costs me a million dollars- to do .it. When there's even a possibility of an es-conviet masquerading as a' marquis and persuading Violet Say on our to marry-him " "I beg you pardon," said the lieutenant, looking up. "Did you say Violet Sey mour? One of the Northumberland Sey mours, isn't she? She has a brother Al fred. hasn't she?" "She has," said Standish, "and a very nice fellow, too. Do you know them?" . rqplfed'. the lieutenant, smiling, "I was at Harrow with Alfred, and when I first knew Miss Violet she was- wearing short frocks. When do you propose to start?" ■ "Then you'll come?" "If you can give me a couple of days to run home, I will," said the lieutenan t. 'The Seymours are very old friends of ours, and the bare possibility of anything like you suggest happening to any of them is quite enough for me. If I can get leave enough I'll follow that yacht' round the world with you." "Good!" said Standish, holding out his hand. "That's a deal. Shake!" ■ [To be continued from day to day till finished.] 