' AT THE EX. The' Excelsior Club, since its inception some .15 years ago, lias always been ^ associated with tbe dramatic art, and. it ? has presented to the people of the town ' many proofe of its abQity to^produce the .] works of various authors in a creditable manner— as regards intelligence of con- j ception and adbesion, to detail. Among its most notable productions may lie - mentioned — ' PygmaJion and Galatea,' ?Uncle Tom's Cabin,' ' 'The Octoroon,' ' ' The Green Boshes,' 'The Blind Colonel,' ? School Days,' ; ' Sweethearts,1 ' After Dark,' London Lite,* Our Boys,'*' New Magdalen,' ' Black-eyed Susan,' &c.;, &e.; The local club has always been looked upon as the'premieir of Victoria, and we are hot at all surprised to hoifce that they are going to produce what isr sopposed to be the dramatic test, ofnot only amatenn, but the profession, viz, ' Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.' this is an arduous trial, bat, spealdng fixanr what we know of ihe club, and,jndging from what they . have done in the past, we predict that: .they will do justice to themselyeB and credit to the commn&ity;/ which they represent. It therefore behoves all in the district, who deaireto see it improve; intellectually, to support the Exieelaior Clnb in their laudable desire' to ?be the first amateur uramacic ciao iu v icwna viuca asis aaa the courage to present to their patrons a complete LShakepearian play. It will perhaps not be amiss to give an abstract plot --f the play. TKe scene opegs in Elisnore^ where a ghost is seen :Dy. the .BenUnels keeping guard before %he casfiej S^hich circum stance is related to Hamlet by his friend Horatio, who describes the spirit as much resembling the late King of Denmark, his deceased folder, whom his uncle Claudius is suspected to have murdered, in order that he might usurp his throne; which lie had done, and also married-his queen, the. mother of Hamlet, within a month after. Hamlet, moved by the relation of Horatio, determines to watch the next- appearance of the ghost, which was- seen again at midnight, discovers itself to him as his murdered parent, and relates to him tbe circumstances of his cruel murder by tbe king, his uncle, and calls upon Hamlet to revenge it. In order to accomplish this purpose, Hamlet feigns madness, especi ally in his conduct towards Ophelia, aaugnter oi roiomus, with whom he is enamoured, Hamlet engages some play ers, who. enact a scene in the presence of the King and Qaeen, which displays the morder of his father, purposely to try the King. Claudius, on beholding this, stung by his conscious guilt, and fearful of some untoward event, determines to rid himself of his nephew by sending him to England. This project is aided by Hamlet killing Polonins, whom he mistakes for the King, and who was concealed behind the arras to listen to the conversation between the Queen and bee son,, who bad demanded an interview. Hamlet is by an accident made prisoner by some pirates as he is - on his way to England ; but he escapes, and unexpectedly returns to Denmark. Previously, he discovers that the am bassadors are instructed by the King's letters, to cause him to be put to death i on his arrival in Epgland; which letters he | exchanges for others containing .the same ] directions for 'their deaths. During his 1 absence, Ophelia, distracted through her father's death and her own misfortunes, destroys herself; and her brother, urged ^ by false rumors concerning his father's death, rebels against the Kiag; but he abandons bis intention on being told that Hamlet did the deed. A strat agem is got -up 1 by the King, in which Laertes basely consents to dispatch Ham let by secret means. Claudius wages six. i Barbary horses against six French swords with Laertes, that in a dozen passes he does not exceed Hamlet three j Hamlet consents to make trial, and is first wound- - ed by Laertes, who has treacherously used a piisoned weapon. . In a-eenflh they change swords, and Leartes is him self wounded by the same deadly weapon. The King bad prepared apoisoued chalice, with which he determined .to end Hamlet, j if Laertes failed. In the contents of this, the Queen, unconscious it is dragged, pledges, ^ Hamlet, and is poisoned. Leartes, io tbe agonies of death, confesses his own perfidy, and aecusss the King ; and Hamlet, with the sword of Laertes, revenges himself by stabbing the infamons Claudius. The whole concludes with the news of the death of Bosencrantz and Guildenstern, through the letters forged by Hamlet' ; an eulogium on tbe unfor tunate Prince by his friend Horatio-; and the fihoiRa nf vnnno fn* ? , J— ft ftiug of Denmark. Mobal. — In this play we see exempli fied ^the proverbial saying, Murder will Out, 1 for by introdocing the Ghost of the murdered King, Shakspeare intended no doubt to intimate, that though secrecy may veil the deed of the murd«r»r for s. time, xxovidence, who 'suffers npt a sparrow to fall to the ground unnoticed,' will by supernatural agency, both expose and punish tbe aggressor. In the death of the Queen, we are warned againgt participating in the fancied success of villainy ; and in that of Laertes, against suffering our passions perfidionsly.tb lead tis to seek a secret revenge, -pithout a regard either to justice or our own honour. He bas our contempt, but. might have commanded oitr pity and admiration. The play will produced on Tuesday evening, May 30th. Front Seats 1/6. Back Seats 1/ 