DISTRICT NEWS. [FltOM Onn^OWN.'CdBBESPONDENTS.j'.^ CollnroMe. . 'U-.V,'-] '? -? ' September Old Yanko.residents will be sorry- to he'ar of the death of Mrs; M'Kerzie, wild pnfcsed : away peaceably. ( ri Saturday last at the reW£ dence of her son, M r. A. A. . M'Kerzie, ' Old Mile. -The funeral took place on t'heHtlij1 and was followed by 30 vehicles and' 20 horsemen, to the;Nararidera Cemetery aiiu.- wcttiiiicr is ijul mi we L-uuiu uesire,. being too dry, with hot winds at times. The crops are looking well, and good rains, fallj Bhortly heavy yields may be expected.. .ihe: amount of grain gathered next harvest w, ill, dependqn the rain that falls (luring jh'is. month :and .October. - Anyone would suppose that our nineteenth; century' civilisation and advancement bad plnccd ghosts for ever in the background, . along with witchcraft, and many other, things our forefathers believed, but not bo. A farmer here- says his house is haunted bya ghost, who performs high and lofty tumbling on the roof. At times he goes under, the home, tries to force up' the flooring. At others he enters boldly, pulls at the bed clothes, and plays skittles with the parlor furniture. His latest freak- is toride round the house, about twelve fept off the ground, in a bugey with no horses attached (tnuBt be of the larrikin order surely). .All ghosts I ever knew or heard about wore white , dra- p«ry. Our local one is always dressed' in sombre black, affecting a respectability, he does riot possess evidently. Everyone re members when they were boys.. We could, only play the ghost when the melons 'were- about to make the head, and hold the' can dle ; again, we never could have a ghost after Wednesday, as we always had. to . bor- row a Bheet from some clothes line.. But here melons in or out, it is just the same, we await some scientific solution to clear up the | mysteTy. The agricultural mind - cannot graspmich deep problems. A constable has been out, but as there it no mention .of ghosts in the Police Regulations, the,, officer would not have known how to act if. he had met him, therefore he wisely returned to head quarters. ' The question : What^-game is the ghost up to now 1 is so stale. , jnd we nro all getting so us?d to.hearirig. aoqiit him,, I doubt if any would even start if 'he i made, his appearance. Continued flirtations with Usherand'Herinessy jyill often mafce.jpeopie see snakes, perhaps ghosts, who knQWS ? - . . ? 