The Queen of the Ants. A gentleman who is very fond of every living thing, who watches animals carefully that he may learn their ways, tells a very interesting story of some ants he onoe saw. Ho nobioed a prooession of ants going aoross the path, Tins gentleman wacohod, and knowing the ways of ants, knew that they were immigrating to a new colony beoause the old oity was overorowded. Ho watched the ants closely \to decide which was the queen. At last ho discovered her, attended by a guard of honour. Quickly and care fully ho lifted the queen and hold her in his hand, She was missed at once, and there was tho greatest excitement. The guard of honour were seized by the others and held under arrest;. Ants started out in every direction to look for tho queen. They looked everywhere, and returned again and again to learn it' there was any news. At last the gentleman put the quoou clown on tho path somo distance away irom the point at which ho had oapturod her. She was discovered by one of tho soouts, who hurried baok to the point where the ants had assembled and told of his disoovory. A guard of honour hurried' to the queen and actually aarried her back to hor subjoots, who received her with demonstrations of joy, The new 'oolony had boon established under a bench, A hole under one of tho logs of the benoh led to it, With tho guard of honour carrying the queen, tho procession re-formed and began its march, and soon disappeared from sight, Tho gentleman molHbenoa four lumps ofsugar and put thorn in the path, Soon two or three ants appeared, fouud the sugar, and immediately roported at tho now oolony. When they returned a number of helpers oame with thorn, and the sugar was all oarriod, grain by grain, to tho now homo, Doubtless, they thought they had found a most wonderful land to settle in, when food was provided in such quantities near at hand, A Woman's Heart. Sucicimstmi:) :my ' A Minor Pout,' by Amy Lmvy, Somewhere you asleep in London town, Whoso skies were dull and grey, And I,- who only knew your name Until (jOiday, 'Feel that beneath this throbbing page I've found tho frlond indeed Whom long I sought o'er hill and dale 1 In dire need. ? For you havo caught my stifled Bobs, Choked words that Would not oomo, , And wove them into verso, for mo A poot dumb. ' You know how when tho painter Spring Hath brushed the words with green, Why all tho world seems fairy land And I, it's quoen, Why when from heights tho western wind Games wrestling with the trees, ? I shake and shiver with tho boughs And trembling loaves, Why walking through a quiet street I olonoh my hands In pain ? Booauso a ?bunah of cowslips beluga t The Past again* How often as, In at'owdod room, I jolu In danoo and song,; , One idle word shows ghosts for guests Amid the throng. And wherefore still I fail to see The Future, for my tears, But turn and gaze, where twilight broods, O'er vanished- years, And wherefore if I ask for bread And someone gives a stone, I seek the dark, with coward heart, And only moan. Ah, dear, booause you speak so clear The words I cannot say, I think of all the ' might have been,' And softly pray ? # ? ? That somewhere else, where skies are blue, And Life no longer sad, You may 'have 'learnt to lift your voioe In song most glad, Sydney. Akkaii Lumn. 