CHAPTER XVI. C.UT.U.V Alhox. It (" TIT; FA CON Ali son's visit tol.awrcr.ee C:J laghan's theatrogsve that young |i\ man :i new flA " .. /iihl happen happened, during the c lit- I°W '""'JS full owing the mcrnor ahle visit and supper party, that several people inquired of liini in a more or less jocular manner as to whether the swagger old parsou had expressed any opinion on the morals of the play. ' Opinion,' he returned to each ques tion, ' by (iervge, hut didn't he express an opinion. .He told me that it was the finest sermon he had heard preached for years I' 'Yon don't say so! "Well, iheve's never any knowing what these parsons will do or how they'll take things. I should have thought that a cut-nnd dried old chap like that would have taken the out-und-dried line, and aired all the old ideas about purity ami smli like. I should get a few more parsons, V if I were you; it's wonderful tliot influence a parson has in a theatre—far : more thau lie has out of it. Aud at that mom«.nt a new idea struck Lawrcucc Callaghau. lie was not a young man to let the gross grow under his feet, nnd when a bright idea struck him Jic lost no lime in carrying it into effect. Sa from that moment any clergymen who arrived at Lawrenco C'ailaghan's theatre were politely and firmly told that they would hook them seats with pleasure, hut that Mr. Cal lagban did not take mor.ey from the clergy. It was a clever move. Oddly enough the scheme never found its way into the Press, aud many were the con jectures as to why the clergy had so V thoroughly taken up the play of Pru-' denee Pasturcll. ' "What is there about it that gathers all the black coats here ?' said a man : one night, looking round the theatre. • There arc seventeen clergyman here, and tl'.er all seem to he thoroughly approving and enjoying the piece. I shouldn't have thought it a play likely; to attract parsons.' Jlowowr, Lawrence Callaghan kept _ his own counsel, and his clergyman guests did not betray him, excepting to one another. . , j .So the reputation of the piece grow j and grew, ft seemed as. if the public [' vouhl never bo tired of it; and Kit If Mfdliudcr began to he called the actress !• of long runs, and to acquire, among her I other jewels of reputation, that of being £ a mascotfe. It seemed as if there could | be uo check to the brilliance of her | career., Her great gift had ca ried her f straight to the front, and, what was t more, kept her there. The great ? success grew as only a great success -.4 ever can grow. There was never a ;i| wiser saying than 'Kothing succeeds ;{j like success.' K ■So time rolled on, end flic play had .? been running for nearly six months, and J seemed like to rim for six and twice six | again. This brought the time to the £ very end of the reason, when Lawrence £ Callaghan intended to close his theatre and to make a short tour through the fe provinces, playing at a limited number ji of first-class towns, and taking a short - f_ holiday before opening again in London. 1 the first week in October. K J5y this time it must be confessed that f; Kit was looking forward to a holiday, If with all her heart. She had scarcely g been a night out of the hill, the part was an extremely tiring and exhausting one, tiie heat of that year was very great, and she began to think with a longing which was almost passionate of Scotch Moors, of sea breezes, of snow-;! covered Alps. Sim had never hecu in | Switzerland, she had not the least idea.j what the Alps were like, hut such was - the bent of her mind. And at last they got to their closing week. I It happened one morning that Kit {' went into the dining-room of her Hat |r where her sister-in-law, Violet, was jt'-. reading her letters, - She was very 6; pale and weary looking, her face not £ much less white than the cambric S wrappor she was wearing. g ' You look like n ghost, Kit,' saidjf Violet, cheerfully. : I feel like a boiled rag,' said Kit, ! promptly. 'I will tell you what it is, Violet, I want a holiday.' '"Well, you'll soon have one now.' ' Yes, 1 know.' 'Try to make a good breakfast,' sail Violet, cheerfully. 'I believe that ii one of the great secrets of keeping well. J You don't cat enough. This kedgeree | looks awfully good.' She was a very helpful and judicious]; I kind girl. She poured out Kit's coffee, coaxed Iter into eating the kedgeree, , told Iter one or two bits of gossip whiti she had gathered from her letters, anl ministered to her generally in a wa; I winch made, tiie jaded actress feel vents younger and pounds better. Then Kit > , began in a desultory kind of way l» l> open her own letters, while Yiolot tool tip the newspaper and glanced at tin jt jontetils. : If They had not sat thus for morn Ihstfj two minutes when Violet uttered exclamatiou: 'flit Kit, oil Kit,' she said. '01 Kit!' 'What'sthe matter?' said Kit. ' L\ news?' ' Xo, dear, not had news. lie's gl; his 1 roup,' . ■ _AS [to nr. coxTtsvco next whex. j ' ' A peer tuimot resign liis pocMgo. £ 