Notes and Chat. — -w (By a Lady.) The Perth public do not seem to be so fond of reading as they .are in Victoria. However, it may be questioned whether the love of books is a pure , and healthy one in the sister colonies. Bovs, and girls too. are to be seen pouring over tales, which are mostly of a sensational character ; blood-curdling stories fig uring largely in their favourite litera ture. It is one of the evils of the day, that these mere children can get trashy if not absolutely obscene, im moral tales or songs for a mere trifle ; tales that fire the imagination and that incite boys to laugh at social and moral restraints, and make of them precocious larrikins and idlers, and we all know that Satan finds some mischief still for idle hands to do. Catholic boys -and girls surely do not need to go to low-toned fiction for their recreation. The lives of the Saints, stories of the angels, and legends innumerable are more enthralling in their beauty and fascination than any novels. I remember lending Lady Georgiana Fullerton's " Life of St. Frances of Rome" to a lady in another colony, and she and her whole family of boys and girls were so fascinated by it that they read on and on through the night till it was finished, and I have never seen the book again, for it was sent on to Protestant friends in Queensland, ' and has been circling on and on ever since. I was sorry to hear a remark the other day that was made by a book seller in Perth, to the effect that it would be impossible to get up a lending, library of Catholic books., owing to their expense ! I know that there are some school libraries, but what a pity it is that we cannot have one for the general public-r-the Catholic public at any rate ! We, of all people, might educate those amongst us who are so ignorant of their faith, and might even re claim many a soul and redeem many a wrong by our books. I have found inyself,„in lending books, that it was impossible to keep, up the supply, so great was the deniand for interesting Catholic books ; not always of the story or - legendary type, but little books of piety too. There were four little books especially that I could never get back when I lent them. One was a tiny red book by a Dominican Father, on the Holy Ghost ; another was a very old series of meditations on the Sacred Heart, which was read by all with avidity ; the third was De Montford's glorious book on the Mother of God. A whole row of this charming work, in a Sydney bookshop, was bought up within a week ; and lastly, there was a wee bookie which was devoured by all. It was called " Comfort to the Sorrowful," and it was written by the dear foundress of the Blue Sisters — the Sisters of the Little Company of Mary, who are settled in Sydney, and have a children's hospital, and take in blind patients, going out to nurse the sick as well, arid who, besides all this, have a beautiful hospital for the insane, which was founded by a merchant prince of New South Wales. The foundress of the above order of nuns has writen a number of little book lets, one of which is " The Path of Mary." We had a lovely devotion in Sydney, which was carried on in a suburban church, in honour of the Blessed Eucharist. Every Friday there was a succession of adorers, who took an hour before the taber nacle, two at a time. The Blessed Sacrament was not exposed, but several candles were lit, and flowers placed upon the altar, and each Adorer marked down his or her atten dance in a book. A banneret of the Sacred Heart, or of the Blessed Eucharist ; was conspicuous in front of the railings, for we wanted to tes tify to our devotion to the God of the Eucharist in these days of laxity and unbelief. Books such as those mentioned above were left on a table for the use of adorers, and were greatly appreciated. , The parish in which the devotion was begun has had many graces showered upon it, and now the members of the League of the Sacred Hearf are so numerous there that one day has to be set apart for the men's devotions, and another for the women. Neither did the work rest there. A Catholic who came over from Melbourne saw and fell.in..love, with the adoration, and, on returning -to Victoria, obtained the Archbishop's permission to estab lish it in St. Patrick's Cathedral. It does not take place every week, but on every first Friday of the month, the adorers gather round the altar, and the devotion has spread to all the 26 churches in the city of Mel bourne and her suburbs, and to all the other churches in Victoria. Queensland and Tasmania have not been behindhand in copying the mother colony of Australia, and I believe it has even taken root in distant New Zealand. We hope sincerely that it may find a home as well in West Australia, as wherever it has been started, graces have been showered down upon the people, and we are happy to be able to mention the encouraging fact that no failures have ever been recorded in trying to establish this devotion, but the people have vied with one another in asking for the most trying hours either in the early morning or during the dinner hour. There were a few who objected once to take their vows when the church was being swept, but having been reminded of the value in the eyes of the " Victim of the Eucharist," of even such small, acts of self-sacrifice, they were glad of the opportunity of showing that their love went beyond their own personal comfort. A Mahomedan once said, " If I believed what Catholics do, that God is present on the altar, I would lie prostrate, and nevr reise till I had drawn myself to His feet." Catholics in Rome ascend on their knees the sacred stairs that were sanctified by the Presence of the Saviour of the world, but where He Himself is so truly present in His own Person both Human and Divine, we do not even show the reverence that is univers ally bestowed on royalties of earth. This little account of a beautiful devotion was brought to my mind by the forty hours adoration of the Blessed Eucharist that was celebrated last week in Perth, together with the great festival in honour of the Sacred Heart. 