The Chapel of Ease By Harriet Riddle Davis. CHAPTER XIX.-(OounmuBD). , * The doctor has gone, sir : he told me to pay, when you oame in, that he sees nothing alarming in Mrs Cecil's condition ; that, so far as he oan judge, she is nervously ex- hausted, but he thinks she will be all right with rest and caro. After you went out, sir, she recovered consciousness, and asked for you, and when tcld you were not here she became so excited that the dootor was ob- liged to give her something to quieten her. She has dropped off to sleep. ll she wakes again, yon may see her ; but there must be absolute quiet ; there must be nothing, to excite her.' John stepped softly past the nurse into the dimly lighted room. She followed him, and whispered, cautioningly, « You must not wake her on any account, sir.* John shook his head in silence and quietly took up a position where he could see her face, lt seemed to him that it was the ghost of Hester, the ghost of bis love, that lay before him. Her face was white and exhausted ; her yellow hair had been gathered off her face, evidently in hurried fashion, and lay in a rope over tho pillow. Her half-open hands lay nervously on the counterpane, and there were traces of suffering in them and ia every line of tho faoe. As be noted thom, there swept over him a feeling of emotion that threatened to overmaster him. Ho could feel tho swift tide rise from his heart and spread straight to his lips, which quivered beneath it, and to his eyes which beoame suddenly dim. He had to shut his hands to koop down the flood gates. Everything that had been wretchud and horrible in the events of the day fell away from him completely. ' He wondered how anything on earth could ever have mattered to him when balanced against Hester's life sad love : it all seemed so little, and pitiful, and mean. He was so lost in contemplation of her faoe and in the thoughts and emotions that came crowding to his brain that he did not know how long he had boen stanaing, nor realize how worn out and overwrought ho was, until the nurse quietly brought him a onair, and, placing it by the bedside, motioned him to sit down. . He gratefully accepted it, and leaned his tired head against the;«ido of the bed, und his long vigil began. Once, later, the nurse oame again-to him, and said, ' You look very tired, Bir ; you had better go to bed. I will callyou if sho wakes.* But John shook his head. Ho would not Bleep until Hosier should open her eyes again and look at him. He oould not forget the last terrible expression he had Been iu them when she had turned her foco to him after the sor vice was over in tho church ; A little after midnigLt Hester beoame very restless, and begun to mutter broken, dis- jointed words. Finally she oponed her eyes und looked eagerly round tho room, and oalled John's name in a frightened voice. He instantly bent, over her. She was so startled when sho paw bis eyes looking into hers 4 hat John's heart stood still. Ho thought that she did not know him ; but almost immediately the startled look died out of her faco, tears gathorod slowly in hor eyes, she tried to speak, her lips quivered, and finally she turned her faoo from him. * What is it, Hestor r1* be said, anxiously, though Boftly. She mado an effort to keop back tho tears, and said, slowly and brokenly, ' Why wouldn't you hom my explanation ? Why did you givo mo up ?' It WAS evident that sho had oither for- gotten or had not soneod tho marriage service. Her mind had not gono beyond tho eoene with John in tho vestibule of tho ohuroh ; everything olso had boen blotted out. John lifted up ber nerveless hands in his, pressed his lips to them, and said, y.ietly,- * ' I did not give you up ; wo woro married, Hestor; you aro my wife; that is why I am heio bosido you.* She turned her faoe eagerly towards him ; a Ufo carno to her eyes. She was .about to «peale again, but the nurse oame to ; the bed and made a warning gesture, which John understood. He bent his head close to Hester's, and, kiseing her softly, said, in a hushed voice, 1 Don't try to talk any moro now, Hester ; I shall watoh beside .you all through the night ; I shall not leave you for a moment, and I am strong and happy in my love for you.' The look of relief whioh spread over.her* face was instantaneous. She asked no further questions ; she did not want to talk ; John was beside her, he. had said that he would not leave ne¿\ She dimly understood that he îmew everything, and, she could rest atlast. With a sigh of infinite content, she smiled into his eyes, then, her own dosed heavily and she sank into a deep sleep. Her slender, nervous fingers clung to. his hand and never relaxed their hold all through the silent peaceful night. And John kept his Vigil at her side. When the mail-bag was opened a few days later at Chapel House, there were two letters in John's handwriting. One was for Aunt Jenifer, and one was for Garey Aunt Jenifer wiped her spectacles, adjusted them carefully, and proceeded to open hers, wondering what John could find to write to her about. Carey carried hers over to the window in order to spell out John's queer handwriting, but her attention was im- mediately attraoted by a big bluebottle fly whioh had somehow managed to defy the cold weather and was buzzing and humming around with ail the cheerfulness and con- fidence appropriate to a day in June. Carey oould not attend to her letter, even though it was from John, till she had despatched this exciting fly. She determined to out him in two with Aunt Jenifer's shears, and she was just beginning a lively ohase up and down the window panes, when she was as- tonished to see Aunt Jenifer rise suddenly ' from her chair, upset her work- basket, and call out in a sharp voioo to the entire house- hold, although no one waB present but Carey,- - r 4 Carey J Beoky ! Jasper! all of youl They've none and got married in town'!' * Who's gone and got married in town P' asked Cn rey, mak'ng dabs at the fly . with the shears. r; 'Why, John Ceoil's gone and married Hester, to be sure. Well! well ! I .never heard tho like ot it.' , 4 John and Hester got married F eohqed Carey, dropping the Bhears and Buddenly sitting do wu on the settle with a'thump. *'l don't b'lieve it,' she exolaimed. ' YOB, her« it is : John says, * Dear Aunt Jenifer,' (' Dear Aunt,' indeed !' she sniffed, though it was clear from the pucker around her lips that John's adoption of her as a relative was highly pleasing to her,) ' I may tis well tell you without any flourish that Hester and I were married on Wednesday at St Paul's Church, and, barring the faot that HeBter haB had an attaok similar to the one when she fainted last winter, and that I have been awfully worried and upset about her, we are the two happiest people I know of. We don't know when we «hall return. X hope you will paoify Carey before we come ; I shall probably have to give her half of my possessions in order to appease her. Hester sends her love, and will writ» very soon. * Yours affectionately, < JOHN WORTHINGTON CKOIL. ? It's the meanest, sueakin'est, most low- down thi^g I ever heard of, to go off and.get married all by themselves and leave us all out, and then stay in town and have a good time; 'twould been a heap moro f nu for 'em. to 've had me and Jasper and the dog. along. I just tell you, Aunt Jenifer, I'm goin.' real mad about it ; I ain't goin' to speak to 'em or notice 'em when they do get back, and I guess they'll wish they behaved hotter,' angrily exolaimed Carey. Then she was silent while sho tried to adjust her mind to the new order of things. Atlast she . bruho out again : 'I'll just make John fork over, lots of things ; i'll make him gimme the new beagle puppieB, and his double-bladed jaok-knife, and his best pair of dividers, and I guess I might as woll speak for the yearling oolt while I'm 'bout it,' Hbo wound up, jumping up from tho settle and already full, ot the idea of her now possessions, whioh, under the oircumatanoos, she knew she oould wheedle out of John. 4 Well, I know what Caroline Jenifer's goin' to do,' said Annt Jenifer, arranging* the contents of her work-basket, taking ott her apron, and picking tho threads off her gown. There was determination ia her tone and a flush on her smooth, pink face. 4 I'm goin' to march myself to Dorset, and I'm going to toll ovory man, woman and child in that village that John and Hester aro mar- ried, atd I'll wager that before night it will bo known all over Dorsot parish and the wholo country to boot ; and if somo of those pooplo yonder don't fool about tho size of a poa when I'm dono with 'em, then my name uin't Carolino Jenifer.' And Aunt Jenifer, with skirts tucked np, and her Bturdy feet ouoasud in goloshes, wai soon splashing her way over tho muddy road to spread tho news of John and Hustor'H murringo. Her triumph was ooinploto. Tho villagora stared in ono another's fuooR. Thoro was no truth in tho dreadful stories, and thoro novor hud been ; Colonel Krönt was dead, and Hestor hud boon a widow af tor all. and John Cecil had known Jill tho time what ho was about. Ifivorybody agrond that it was tho i most suitable match that had boen mado in I the county for yours ; and tho wholo parish was in an idyllic stato of delight ovor the marriago of John and Hester, and their anticipated return to Capel House, dostlnod I to bo to them, in a new sense, truly a Chapel. ' of ease. (THU END.) 