A. Ghostly Appearance at Auburn. EXCITEMIENT IN THE NEIGBBOUR HOOD Thct some sceptics may deny belief in. visitants from another sphere, yet with the majority of folk the belief dies hard. Miss sarner. of "Lamington," Victoria road, Auburn, Victoria, has more than once seen. something resembling a ghost- when, for instance, she looked in her mirror, so de bilitated was she by many months illness. She says:- " L commenced some two years ago, to feel: very ill after returning home from school. I did not feel sufficiently unwell to taketo my bed, but experienced a continued languidi feeling that mademe most miserable. Father took me to see a doctor, and he eaid I was overgrowing my strength, and I was not to> exert myself. As I had no inclination to do so, there was no fear of my disobeying this order, and i took the-' quinine tonic" given me,. with regularity. Then I commenced to have acute pains in my shoulders and back, and at night I could scarcely get any rest." "We tried everything to induce sleep," mnterposedt Mr Marner. " but without eff6ct; then I con sulted a well-known Collins Streetpractitiona He said my daughter was suffering principally from weakness and advised a chance, Her mother took her avay for a trip to Queens land, bat she returned looking worse. She would also retch on rising in the morning;: any food taken could notbe keptdown. She lost t-sh and became a mr-cre ghost." " his time last year said," said.liss Alice , 1 weighed'7et 31ts., now 1 am.9st 71be," " A. great improvement ;. your treatment must have been beneficial 1' "No ; all the medicine I got did me very little good. Actually, Dr Williams' Pintk Pills for Pale People deserve- that credit, Just before the .ubileee holidays, father bought me a box of Dr WVilliams' Pink Pills,. at Er Plesance's, Chapel Street, Prahan;. they did me so much good that Icontinued with, them. It is a. long time-since I dis continued taking: them. and 1 am now as healthy as anyone-could wish." " And you would recommend them I" " Yes ;.and that strongly, too," said Mr Maroer, " had I known of Dr Williams' pink Pills two years beforeit would-have szave &. me a hundred pounds." There are many readers who may bo fortunate enough to save their pocketaif they act as this young lady did. Dr Williams: Pink Pllls will cure- anemis, weak heart, sleeplessness, scrofala, consumption, chronic erysipelas, debility, indigestion, liver and kidney,.dieases, and chest and lung troubles pale and sallow complexions, paralysis,. locomotor- ataxia, neuralgia, St.Vitus' dance and nervous- headache, and all nervous disorders. They are sold by chemists and storekeepers. nod by the Dr Williams' ledi cine Company, care Rocks. Tompsitt & Co., Flinders Street.. Melbourne at twoand nine a box, or six for fifteen.and threepaence, but are genuine only with the full name (sevaen words), Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale Peoplei on each box. Thousands-have teatl fled to their curative powers. 