THE ROMANCE OF THE GREYST0SES. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. „ ^APTBRXX^-CConclud^) By HARRIET ARNOLD. The sudden flash of his anger <!)«l out, and he asked my forgiven-ess for what he had said. But the words had been spoken, nothing could ever efface them from «>• recollecfcioii. A sudden t^lmness c«e over me. All the goodness that- was sLrugglmg for mastery tn my breast, ana prompting me to rejoice unselfishly in tie happiness of my beat and. only friend, at iett m e ,thout looking at, or answer- . , . j , f -firmlv reftlfif uu » 1 Irom Me ro^ Tirnuy reitu. ing to see hun again before he left the vJla, although he begged earnestly tor an interview. "I found out where his fiancee lived, and to her a pathetic letter, begging her w to r ruin uui a wouiujib XmtutV uie life aiiii and u ha-ppin.^, and warning her that if she married Prince Boris, , she -— would make a bitter enemy of I sent the letter auonvmously, ana awaited a reply. None came. I went to Pai is to seek a personal interview. _ Remembar, I was maddened with Boris's words that had shown me how impossible in the eyes of man was the recrossing of the line thai divides innocence from guilt. '"'When I readied Paris, I found that Thekla and Boris had been married secretly and had gone away to Russia. "Cone! And Boris had not thought it worth while to teli me! Who can fathoj* tie depths of a jealous woman's hatred? "Now I found that I hated Boris, and hated TliekJa with a remorseless hatred. She had, no doubt, laughed at and ignored the appealing letter I had sent to her. No doubt Boris would also tell her my story— the story of his adopted sister. "In m.v possession, amongst other papers of his left in my charge once when he took a journey into the East, was the certificate of his first marriage. Armed with this document, I followed them to Russia, scarcely knowing what I purposed doing, llie Princess was alone at a castle on the Volga. 1 had often heard Boris speak of it, and easily found my way thither. I entered the castie unobserved, and there encountered the Prince's wife, Thekla- Spare me the recital of what occurred between us! I had no mercy on her. She -was a nervous woman, "but she made some sKght stand, demanded proofs of my identity as Boris's wife; denied receiving mv letter before her marriage. I confronted tier with the marriage certificate. Then she collapsed. "I threatened vengeance on her through her family. 1 declared my intention of publishing ihe.story of her few weeks' sojourn with mv husband in his castle- She declared she had not seen him since her weddingday. I had her completely in my power, and she gladly accepted the terms I dictated—to leave at once the castle. I offered her my sledge, Boris; I did indeed, beliere me! 1 had no other thought than to make you both suffer for a time, as 1 was suffering. I also made her leave a note, so worded that you would think she had left you for some one else. Then she became demented—I did not use soft words to her— and rushed out of the castle into the snowy night. I feared the arrival of the Prince, and therefore hastened away. • Some of the servants must have seen me leaving, as 1 concluded afterwards. "I was back at the villa in the Riviera awaiting results when Boris came to me there a sorrow-laden man. "He came to me with a sad story. He had been greatly deceived in the woman whom he had married. She had fled from him with some other man—unknown. The servants had seen her leaving the castle in a posting sledge on the day when he had been expected back from the capital. "I wanted to tell him then; but the hatred engendered against Thekla by those few words was still rankling in my breast, although I believed she was lying under the snows in Russia. She could "not have lived through that night without shelter, and the nearest village was miles away from the castle. "Boris said he was going to seek his wife; but even if he found her, he did not like to think what the result would be. He wished the story of his disastrous second marriage to remain a secret. Therefore, the search for the fugitive wife must be cautiously carried out. "He bade farewell to me, and told me that when I deceived him, if I ever did, his faith in woman would be broken for ever. ''Then a reaction took place in my feelings. I fc-lt it impossible to Jive upon Boris's bounty. I was reckless and careless as to what became of me—a dangerous state for a woman to be in! I was 'haunted by Thekla's last crv as she ruslied out of Droffsky Castle. I left the villa secretly, and began the world again. I need not tei] you what my life became; surely a curse was upon me. "On Sir No,el Erringdean's yacht I again met Aurandal, and knew him. He was under an assumed name when he first met me; but never by look or word did he profess to have' previous rememberance of me. "On that voyage I also met Boris; the only time I have spoken to him since 1 left the villa is to-day. He came to the yacht, for what purpose I do not know" "'The secret police service whom I had employed to find. Thekla bdieved that you were she," interjected the Prince broken- ly- "When the yacht lay in a Russian port," she continued, "'he saw me, looked with a white contemptuous face over my head, and left the vessel. That was years ago. The yachting party, one of similar ecapades, was broken up. Erringdean and Aurandal went to Africa. I saw nothing more of them until they arrived in Australia, whither I, too, had drifted. "I11 Melbourne I met a man whom I—ah, me! I. must not say it. At the Longreaeh garden party I saw a blind girl, the miniature duplicate almost of Thekla Greystone. From her I learned that the woman whom I thought- was lying under the snow of Russia all these years was alive and in Australia! Mv'anger against her was almost dead now, and I would willingly have unwoven the w-eb of eviL But many things held me back. For one thing,. 1 thought Thekla either a coward, a martyr, or a cold- hearted woman. She had so faithfullv—too faith- fully—carried out the terms of our bargain; and so successfully—too successfully—hidden herself from her husband! ISien, before I could decade, whilst my mind was struggling between the opposing courses of good and evil, I again met Aurandal. Tliora and John were engaged. He loved Thora, but I loved John. To gain our mutual desire we plotted and made use of the knowledge we possessed " Suddenly she stopped. The ebbmg life of the unhapp. v woman wa« almost spent. So tihe sad confession was ended. Lady Mcintosh's only comment was to take the forlorn golden bead of the dying Countess to her bosom with a mother's tendemess. The fast-dimming blue eyes were r£fS»MTi gratefulness to her sympathetic consoler, and then turned towards GraJiaine. "Go at once to BeUarine." she just brsaiihed; "go at onoe! My alonement js sincere. I am self-Rarrifieing' now".febon*I sen A-you from me-in my' last-houraf^- CS&re; tihem all my confession, and ask for ine 'forgiveness from all I have wronged, intentionally or not. Go quickly, or my good resolutions may fail, and I plead with yon to stay " - " -> - She turned to the Prince, who-stood-silently at her bedside, as yet too dazed and bewildered to quite understand that his long-grieved-for wife was living, loving," aaid innocent stfll.. .. Boris, my true and faithful friend, I have deeply injured yon. I have stung the haed that brought me only good." Yet, teB me that I am forgiven. 1 " . . - . The Prince was roused from las abstraction at sound of the pleading -words addressed to him. He stooped over her and took her hand in feis. '•ftjbrieffle, my poor child, I pray yon lo pardon my thoughtless cruelty in those bygone times. Love too often makes men cruel where only kindness aiKrnld be.. For any in jury done to my dear wife, Thekla, I can assure you of her forgiveness. I have nothing to ioz'giv-^ now. AH clemency was granted you an 'hour ago when I understood all. JTarewell! my dearest sister Gabtielle!"' He kissed the pallid face, and..turned away. John went -with him to the door, half" undecided. Then he turned Jiis face towards -the -couch, tie look-nfc- yearning -love in the eyes upraised to his decided him. He came back and took his seat by tfoe bedside. "Are you not going?" fte Countess faintly enquired, her voice fast failing.- ' ' ~ " ' " "I will remain with you a-little longer," he answered simply. , _ The look that . overspread her face would have been ample reward, had reward " been dc»ired, for his great act of self-sacrifice. He' would have time, he told himself, to earn' the news to Thora, his dearest love- He understood now her reasons for anting as she had done, and he loved her all tie more dearly for.it. How noble, and good, and self-sacrificing she could be, his blind darling! The short while spent in soothing the closing hoars of this unhappy life would never he grudged by either Thora or himself. Just before consciousness left, poor Gabrielle, she spoke to John. Solemn, faltering words they were, spoken from tlie brink of the river dividing Time from - Eternity. She told him of lir love, for him, and of h.a strangles with herself when the veiy foree of "lier love made her fee] how tmwortbv she was to love him. She was content to go. Life had been bitter to her; she was aweary of it ail; -it would have been unbearable now. She had never been happy: always the ghost of a nameless re- morse was with iher. .She. prayed, thai, when his last'hours on earth came, the-one whom he loved as dearly as Ehe loved him might be by his ade. Then unconsciousness came and continued until, at the end, die opened her eyes widelv, tuinod. rautely towaids John. He bent his head and laid his lips to hers, then, with a contented sigh, like. a. tired child, she turned away and nestled closer to Lady Mcintosh. A few moments more, and on an honest woman's bosom the -weary eyes, closed in death. (To be continued to-morrow.) - 