A DISOBEDIENT PATIENT.: The Fraser fracas still occupies a foremost .position as a cause celebre, and public interest centres ' strongly around the principals. Mrs. Fraser, locked up on a serious charge, that of attempted -murder, was in a pitiable plight. -For days she refused food, and hour after hour paced up and down her cell, inquiring from time to time how her husband was progressing. Tc a woman of her excitable nervous tem perament the suspence was torture, and no comfort could be gleaned by the re pentant prisoner out of the meagre re ports from the hospital. Supervening on her collapse — for the miserable wo man .quite broke down under the strain tof -emotion — Mrs. Fraser contracted in fluenza, and was removed to the gaol hospital, and placed under medical su pervision. Being too unwell to appear .in court she was further remanded, and the crowd of expectant sightseers whe .assembled to catch a glimpse of the. prime mover in the tragedy perforce ?went away disappointed. Oh' DrT^'ra ser's admission to the Alfred Hospita? he was at once pronounced to be in a dying condition. The operation of 10. moving the bullet from his brain was 1 mooted ?.toJiim, but he steadfastly de clined to undergo the necessary opera tion while his brain remained' clear. :Lateri his mind wandered, and whether or not silence was taken for consent several.. medical men. undertook to lo cate and remove the bullet. For hours the patient was kept under the influ .ence-of chloroform, and the whole medi cal staff, nurses, etc., belonging to the establishment were engaged on the job. All to no avail, for, desite the apphca tion of X-rays and the discovery of the exact location of the bullet, the latter, ?.was- so deeply embedded in the brain that its- extraction was deemed impos sible. The shot was fired at lunch time on Saturday, September 23, and the- victim then pronounced dying. Sc ;great .was Frasers vitality, and so won- ; derful. was his constitution, that, al though, the heads of the medical profes sion/vowed that he could not last an other.: 24 hours, still his hold on life was so. tenacious that he absolutely de clined to give up the ghost. Several' times ?were depositions taken during the. week in the presence of the neces- , sary'P.M., etc., etc., and signed by the alleged dying man, but he rallied again ] and again in spite of the doctors. Throughout the time the patient wasi nearly always clear and collected, and! conversed scientifically with his brother practitioners regarding his injuries, but there were, of course, times when the ; strain began to tell, and his mind wan dered. '.The peculiar habits and eccen- : tricities of the pair were especially marked, and they had never been on i good terms one with, another. Jealousy was the cause of the separation, which was only the climax of rows uponrows. It is-Tumored that the lady was in the habil of solacing herself with spirituous consolation, but officially this has, so far, not been proved. Anyhow, she was pretty, highly excitable, wildly jealous, an excellent shot, and, given a loaded revolver and a husband who declined with many adjectives to have anything further to do with her the sequel may well be. imagined. The couple were in excellent circumstances financially, and owned\a;'great amount of valuable pro perty ia.and about St. Kilda. 