The Sketcher. / ii Alpine Tragedy. Mrs. Leighton, aged 23. Lady L'liilhvortli, aged 00. St'i'iii' : The covered terrace of the Hotel Itiffelalp facing the peak uf the Mat terhorn. I.Mrs. Leighton is looking through tlic hotel telescope at the peak of the Mat terhorn. Lady Chlllworth (approaching) : What are yon looking at, my dear 1 Mrs. Leighton : I'm looking for my husband. He iti oil the .Mutterhorn. Lady Chiilworth : Ah, you're young. When you get to my age you'll find it wiser to Hook at your husband through the wrong end of the tclescopc. . .Mrs. Leighton : I think 1 see Iiiiu. Look, a tiny black speck against the pure white snow. Lady Chlllworth (after prizing at Mrs. Leighton quietly for a few moments! : What an eloquent description of you and him. Mrs. Leighton : What do you mean V (Nervously.) Lady Ciiillworth : Oil, my dear child, you can't deceive me. Do you think I don't know why you're making this dutiful display of interest in your hus band ? Mrs. Leighton : But, indeed, I Lady Chlllworth : My poor child, you kept your room all day yesterday, and I heard all that passed in it the liight before lam—before your husband left for tho Jlutterhorn—a most unwilling audience, I assure you ; but Uiese for eign hotels, with doors connecting all the rooms, like a public picture gallery, are not safe places for husbands to make exhibition!) of themselves in. He's a brute 1 Mrs. Leighton : Lady Chlllworth ! Lady Chlllworth (with rising Indigna tion) : Yes, a brute. That bruise on your forehead ! Mrs. Leighton (colouring deeply): I fell against the chest of drawers, and Lady Chlllworth : He pushed you. I beard him. Mrs. Leigbton : No, no—indeed. Lady Chlllworth : Yes, he did, and you, like the little heroine you arc, fear ful lest tbe truth should be known, sit here making a display of Interest and affection before all these strangers. But you seem to have one devoted friend. Captain Thornton is Mrs. Leighton (with enthusiasm): Ob, he is such a good, true-hearted Lady Chlllworth : No doubt of it, and fin sure be means well; but I'm an old woman, and know the world pretty well, and of tbe two, there's more danger to a young, attractive woman in a sympa thetic male friend than in a bad hus band. ill's. Leighton : But Captain Thornton its a chivalrous gentleman. Lady Chlllworth : Granted ! And if friendship were possible between tbe sexes it might be possible with him; but it isn't. Mrs. (Leighton: He is the soul of hon our. 'Lady Chlllworth: Granted again. But he worships the ground you walk on ! 'Mrs. Leighton (eagerly, then checking herself): Oh, you don't think that, do you ? I mean I'm sure he— Lady Chlllworth : Don't try to deceive a woman old enough to be your grand mother. Do you think I don't know a man An love when I see one ? Mrs. Leighton : But what makes you think lie—lie—cares for me ? Lady Chlllworth : There's no mistak ing the look In his eyes. They soften the moment lie sees you. I have watched you both. Do you know what heart hunger is V Mrs. Leighton (feelingly): Oh yes! (Checking herself) At least, I scarcely think I know what you <meau. Lady Chlllworth (grimly): Quite right Keep like that. Captain Thornton Is a prey to tho most acute form of heart hunger, the hunger lliat gnaws the heart of a man debarred by honour from declaring his love. A woman never mis takes that. Men think we don't know what they feel for us unless we show them we know it. Oh, my dear, what a mistake. I've been through It all. Mrs. Leighton: You ? How sad you look. Lady Chlllworth (sighing) : Sad ! I've a woman's memory, child, heartless old worldling though I seem in the eyes of a world that Judges by externals! Your ease brings back to me a memory of the past. (A pause.) •Mrs. Leighton: Won't you tell me about it V Lady Chillworrti: There's not much to tell. I married young, an undisciplined girl, Ignorant of what love meant. When 1 grew to womanhood (here came one into my life who changed the meaning of existence for me. I loved him with every fibre of my nature. Had he asked It I would have thrown every tie that bound me to the winds. But be loved my fair name and honour before all el6c, and in the loneliness of old age, lustead of a remembrance of the shame tiiut dings for ever to a stained life, I have the fair memory of a man's chivalry to live on. The woman who holds such u memory in her heart is not quite the heartless old worldling she seems. (A pause.) Mrs. Leighton (in a soft voice) : I am bo sorry for you. Lady ChlU'worth : There, I'm a Billy old woman 1 Don't trouble your young heart about me, but look to yourself. Few women are so fortunately unfor tunate as I was. Mine was an experi ence too wonderful to occur again, so beware of friendship. Mrs. Leighton : But Captain T!ii.\7to» is such a sympathetic friend, tind 1 look.up to blm and trust liltu no. Lady Ohiliworth: And beware of sympathy, too—It Is the overture to love. Mrs. Leighton: But I am a married woman.. We can't love—we musn't. Lady Chlllworth : Mustn't 1 The word Isn't in love's vocabulary. Oh, there is Captain Thornton. See, even his good manners are severely tried at seeing you monopolised by any one else. I fancy I saw the ghost of a frown on J.is face when he saw me. Good morning, Captain Thornton. And don't y»u in tend to do the Matterborn this time ? Captain Thornton : No, I think I Iiavc done with the iMatterhorn now, Lady Chi It worth. I have ascended it seven times. It has no more charms far ice. Lady Chlllworth : How man-like ! No thing but the unattaiued Interests you men. Well, we 6hall meet at table-d' hate this evening, I dare say. I am go ing down to Zermatt now. I hope to heav of the safe return of the mountain party when I come baick. Good-bye. (Lady Chlllworth nods to them, and leaves them alotie together.) Captain Thornton : And so Mr. Leigh ton h.ib gone to the Matterlioru after ail? Mr;--. Leighton : Yes, I tried hard to persuade hlui not. In his present rftatc of health 1 a 111 sure be wub not 6t to | bear Llie fatigue. Captain Thornton : I saw nothing of you all day yesterday. Mrs. Lolglrtun (tluiidly) : No, I—I stayed In my room. I had ratlier a dis turbed night. You £l'l<, Mr. Lelgbton started early wllb liis guide for the Mai terbom, and a lot of otber people went too, and the clatter and nulsc wade me wakeful. Captain Thornton (after gazing at her): How pale you look, and—what's tliat—a bruise on your temple ? Tliat wasn't tliero last lime 1 siw you. 'Mrs. Lelgbton : Oh, It's really nothing —nothing at ull. I—I fell—It was iny own fault. I fell against the cheat of dra weiti. Captain Thornton (with great emo tion) : Oh, my God—ho struck you! Mm. Loigliton (faintly) : No—no—In- I deed—Indeed not. Captain Thornton (turns away and looks out across the valley to hide his emotion. After a pause lie returns to j lier, and, taking both Iter hands In his, speaks with an effort at self-restraint) : I am so dreadfully sorry for you, I—I can scarcely trust myself to speak to you ; but if thf knowledge that you J liavo it devoted friend who would ela.llv face death for you Is any help, hear It from my lips. Mrs. Lolgliton (looking up into his face with tears in her eyes) : l'es, Indeed it is a help, a great help. I cannot tell you how great. (She sinks down on to a seat.) Captain Thornton (bending over her) : You look so faint and ill; shall I send for your maid '! ■Mrs. Lelghton : Would you mind ? I will go and lie down again, I tliluk. I didn't sleep well last night. (Captain Thornton retires, ,'ie returns with Mra Lelgliton's maid. and tshe goes away to her own roo.li.I Six hours later. I5rouln£. (Captain Thornton Is smoking on the covered terrace. Lady Chlllwortb approaches hint excitedly, and puts her hand on his arm.) Lady Chlllwortb : Ob, Captain Thorn ton—your poor little friend. Such a shock. Her husband ! 1 Captain Thornton (starts) : What of him ? Lady Chlllwortb : Dead, dead 1 The news has just eomc—died on the Matter born from exhaustion. He was a dread-1 ful man, but still, he was her husband, and sadden death Is always shocking. Captain Thornton (as if in a dream) : Dead—dead V Impossible ! Where is she ? Lady Chlllwortb : Iji my sitting-Toom. I broke the news to her. (A pause.) Come to her—come (laying her hand upon bis arm). I understand. Captain Thornton : Has she asked for me 1 Lad** Chlllwortb : Could she ask ? Come. (They enter Lady Chlllworlb's sitting room together. Mrs. Leighton Is sit ting on the sofa. Captain Thornton I elts down by her. Taking ber hands In bis be draws her gently to him, and filie bursts Into tears.)—S. T, S., in " Block and White." 