The Miseries of DYSPEPSIA EFFECTUALLY ERADICATED The Case of - Mrs. CLARKE. {Iriin the 'Kepea n Timts,' i\r,S. IT.) (!JV OUR SPECIAL REPOKTER.) Directions were given to our reporter to look up Mrs. Clarke, of Woourofic Street, Penrith, Oil calling the pressman received a cordial reception, and, on inquiring about her illness, Mrs. Clarke said : ' I first guessed there was something the matter wiun'I found that I couldn't do my ordinary work. I . I felt Restless and relaxed, and if I wanted to go out any u-hpi*/ T fplt Kn tired liv t.hn time that I hud ? finish _d dressing that I often changed my i.iiiul and took my things ofT again. Then I began to notice a twitching, pricking pain between the shoulders, which got worse aud R' rsc. At night it gave ine the most ui&tress;, then the anguish of it was so great that night after night I was Not able to Lie Downf out sat up in bed, as it was easier to bear the pain in that position ; and, as for sleep, w hy. I hardly ever got an hour's rest from evening to morning.' '.*o bad as that?' ' 44 Yes, and all this time I had a heavy sick headache that never ceased, and iny Food disagreed with me every time I' took it. After eating! felt great oppression on my chest, and 1 would have given the world to have thrown it up again.- But there it ttuck, cold and undigested, till it turned iourand brought on wiudy spasms. There ?pas always a nau&eous; 'taste 'in my mouth which nothing could remove. It is no wonder that 1 was So Thin and Weak, of a pallid, unwholesome colour. People used to say that I looked norc like a walking ghost 'than a tuman being, hut I looked no . worse ilu\ i I felt. I had to give up trying to ft'os U; it was no use, I couldn't do it. Tortured with unceasing headaches, and harassed fyy The Never- ending Pains in my back, life seemed not worth the living, und everything was a misery. Meal times, which, to those who are in health, is a time of cheerful gathering, only wearied me, for 1 had no appetite, and only ate when t was actually obliged to.' ' Tilings couldn't last long like that,' aid onr reporter. 41 You're mistaken; a woman takes a lot W r,v, anA t itl for Three Years, aid always getting worse,' ? 4 * Purely the doctors could relieve you V ' Nothing of the sort; the doctors could lo nothing for me. Their physic quite bDcJ in its object. Icas'tstoptotellyou now io\v many different pills and other things took trying to get relief. If they were all put i together JT believe the bottles of medicine and boxes of pills I took would have filled buckets. Every penny of tlie money I paid for these things Was Utterly Wasted, &nd; I can hardly understand how my poor body stood it all. It was quite plain that bone of these remedies bit off my disease, so I ccased taking medicine altogether; but I grew no better. A sluggish torpor lay heavily on me all day, my eyes were di and swollen, and yet I was not able m Bleep, and at night I never could find to easy position in which I could get a few hours rest, which I needed so oadly, so exceedingly acute were the Tortures which Affected Me. I grew very dejected. A great weight of despair hung over me like a cloak. The conversation of my husband and children was not, able to arouse or interest me. Lower ami lower I sank, and got weaker and weaker, till very oftcu I thought that iny spark of life was going out, ana that I was about fo die. Medicine had seemed useless, and I could not see a gleam of hope anywhere, and yet, at last, I found a remedy That Defeated the Disease which had hold of me.' ** Yes, what ?' ' Clements Tonic. I was 'repeatedly advised to take it, bp,t I put it down as being about as much use as the other things which 1 had swallowed. But I was quite out of my reckoning, for, when I did give in and commenced to take it, An Immense Difference was easily seen in my general health after only oue large bottle. The dull appearance about the eyes gave place to a brighter and healthier look. I soon took a pleasure in reading aud the company of friends, who complimented mc upon My Marked Improvement, I obtained four more bottles ot Clements Tonic. It brought my strength back splendidly, and my headache and the pains in my back gave me less trouble and pain after every dose. I felt quite sprightly and lively in the daytime, instead of heavy and stupid as I used to do, and at night, not feeling any pain to speak of, long sleep began to be a regular thing. No day passed but what I was a step further towards my usual vigorous health. Once I sent my food away, but now I called for more, and it did me good, digested easily, and I began to fill out all over. I avoided any chance of a relapse by sticking to Clements Tonic even after I thought I was convalescent. All traces of Pain and Disease were Dissipated, and I was robust and vigorous again, thanks to that fine remedy, Clements Tonic, and I need hardly tell you I'm never now without a bottle in the house. It cured me. You seo I am in perfect health wow; I hope I ever shall be. No one knows The Misery and Despair of one in ill health except those who suffer it. I am glad to give the credit to Clements Tonic. It did worlds for me, and I don't care who knows it, for you or Clements Tonic people can publish what I've said in any way you like. 