Sylvania. AN IDEAL RESIDENCE. By the ' Globe Trotter.' One of the world's sweet essayists, Wm. Hazlitt, has affirmed that "people may collect all the wisdom they will ever attain quite as well by staying at home as by travelling abroad." Only those who have travelled afar can fully appreciate such a statement, maybe, but it is a deep and gracious truth that ought to be well considered by the people who think that they could write passing well if they only had liberty to travel. But the human eye can never see any more than it can see, because we see with the brain. What we have in our brain we see with our eye. There is not so much beauty in the sweet waters of Europe and the Sultan's kiosk to a poor eye as there is at Botany Bay to a keen eye. White saw more at Selbourne than most men can see in the Bois de Boulogne. Mr. Darwin saw more while he lay on a sick bed watching his plants than a million men would see with health and the freedom of God's fair earth. If some man would but arrive and explore Sydney, and tell us of it, as Stanley told us of Africa ; as Nansen told us of the Polar regions ; then would we all be glad and the world the richer for his story. But, alas ! the seeing soul cometh not. Most people see objects only to distinguish them in practice, or by name. To see the real glory of the burning bush is reserved for Moses or the deathless ones. The other day a friend said, "Will you come to Sylvania with us for a bicycle ride?" The name was attractive, so on a certain Saturday half-a-dozen of us went off a-wheel to see Sylvauia, and we were one people, with no jarring note in our com- position. We were three men, with three wifes (one each), and their names are familiar to you all, unless, perchance. it may be that you know not mine — but that is a detail. We were of that race which lives richly in poverty ; of the people who can give thanks to God for what is, and yet cry— "Oh! let No special gifts for me be stored. May joys that ragged millions share Enrich my life. I do not crave Immunity from toil and care. Give me, O God, no blessing save Companionship with those who fare Beside me to the waiting grave." We reached Tom Ugly's Pointt (Oh, melodious name !), on the Georges River, about 3 o'clock on a bright aflernoon, and we crossed the flood on the creaking punt, and we watched the wonderful effects of sky-lights on rippling waters, and we wondered at the darkness of the Australian hills and the blueness of Australian skies. We looked out on the broad bay where Governor Phillip anchored with his fleet on that February day in 1787. It seemed so short a time since, and yet here was civilisation and peace and great comfort, and we three men with the three wives lived, not by the axe or the pick, but by law and medicine and literature. Yet a century has scarce passed since those early voyagers dropped anchor at Kurnel ! And so go the fleeting years. We landed on the other side, and in a few minutes were rattling down a wide, well-gravelled carriage drive to a stately gate, through that into the domain of a courtly- minded gentleman, who had built him a castellated mansion. The lawns were smooth and green, the walks were trim, and the "ivy green" climbed up the castle wall. We stood our steel steeds near to an hospitable gateway, and called, "What ho ! the guard." But the guard came not. Then we sought for the bugle that hangs by the castle wall, that we might blow a mighty blast thereon, but, alas, no bugle found we there. So we took our lives in our hands and adventured within. There were stately Egyptian bronzes all about. There were vases of exquisite white marble. There were life sized statues of the gods and goddesses of a long dead day, and there was comfort and elegance — yea, even unto the baths of a sybaritic people. This was thirteen miles from Sydney Post Oflice. This was an hour's trip from town, and the George's River laved the grounds of this castellated, quaint old house, and Botany Bay faced it, and the glory of sea and sky and hill and valley was all about it. And the golden sun painted the clouds for us with a glory such as earth but rarely sees, and the quiet waters rippled to our feet, and the glittering jelly-fishes lay on the sands as the tide went out and quivered in the dying day, and a glory that was not of the earth nor the sea rested upon us all. Why will not some great explorer, with a soul to see through things, come and open our eyes to the glory of this house ? We have dwelt in Sydney for years, but nobody ever told us of the glory of this old house, and it is old, very old, for a young country like ours. The battle of Waterloo had been fought before it was built, certainly. Trafalgar and the Nile were old stories when it was built, yet it is old — for us. Some seventy years ago this place was started, and the father of Laycock, the rower, was, maybe, the first settler ; so do we reach, by personal contact, as it were, from to-day' into the legend-land of our early history. Some day, when this generation is dead, the explorer, with the soul-piercing, truth seeing eyes, will come and tell the story of this old house, and it will be full of ghosts, real ghosts, and dusty glory and events that we may but whisper now. The old house has about 40 rooms in it, and the bed-posts are giantesque, and the beds have valances, and as big as the bed of the Giant of Ware. The rooms have small windows aud quaint old pictures, and I am sure that a sensible man could easily get a ghost to walk there. When the young English Princes were out here they were guests at Sutherland House, and you can sleep, in the beds that were slept in by the Dukes of York and Clarence, in the time that seems already so far, far away. You can wander round the picture gallery that is full of French pictures, all of the strictest moral character, and you can weave romances about the rooms and about the dead and vanished glories of the place. Outside the old house you are alone with nature. Some dweller here spent thousands on the place. He made a fish-pond over 300ft. long and about 40ft. wide, where the tide flows in and out and modern degener- acy has changed it into a swimming bath ! The beach that goes round two sides of the house is clean, yellow sand, where millions of crabs go through their everlasting toil of casting up their sand-heaps when the tide goes out. Why do crabs burrow and worry and throw up sand-heaps for ever and for ever in vain ? Why do we worry and fret, aud build houses and pile up riches— or fail to pile up — for all our weary little lives ? The tide levels the sand-heaps of the crabs, and death levels us all at last. But what's the use of moralising ? As I looked at the work of the crabs, and saw the restfulness of the place that a man had built and left, it seemed to me that there's a mistake somewhere. But what's the use of worry- ing ': As the poet sang — "I see, from my higher level 'Tis less the path than the pace That wearies the back and dims the eye, And writes the lines on the face.' We had a right royal time that afternoon. National Park is only five miles distant. Port Hacking is about the same and it's an easy run to Cronulla Beach, and the wide, wicked, worrying world seems far, far away. In this old castellated mansion we sat at last, when the day was done, at tea, and the "Mistress of the Manse," Mrs. Hamilton, asked God's blessing on the tea, and it was such a sweet and pleasant meal, amongst restful sort of people, that I wished I could be a boarder at Sutherland House. That's what it is now, a private boarding house, and I met country people there who knew "Gossip" and the "Globe Trotter," and our editor very well, and it was like meeting them at a German Kurhause, or along the coasts of the Mediterranean, so far away did we seem from droughts and rabbits and land laws that hurt. When the night had fallen and "The sentinel stars set their watch in the sky," we started for Sydney on our bikes. We crossed the rippling river on the creaking punt, and we wheeled along under the ghostly gum trees, and were at home long before the "noon of night" and then I wondered how long we must wait for the explorer, who will open to us the glory of our own land.. 