SKETCIIER. j' ON THE TBAIL OF A GHOST. j There has been published this week a book under the title1 of ' The Alleged Ha anting ol B House,' whioh should cause no little stir in peychioal and spiritualist oirdes. It is edited by the Marquis of Bate and Mia Goodrioh Freer — the *Mia X* who figured prominently in the controversy two yean ago. ' B ? House ' — lor obvious reasons its real name and that of its proprietor are not given by Lord Bute, -bat it is well known to be Balleohin House in Perihahire —having the bad reputation of being haunted, was taken on lease by the Marquis, and Oolond Taylor, a well-known Spiri tualist, pat in possession to investigate mat ters with the aid of Mia Freer and other Roman Oatholio friends. They all kept diaries, whioh recorded their ghostly experi ences, and this book tdls the whole story. It is a oapital book for the holidays. It carries on every page the elements oi never ending wonder, speculation, and soeptiaism, to make things livdy on rainy days at the coast or in the oountry. We make some oharacteristio selections ;— yTWSK LOSD BUZ8 mnvn OF 1 1. It was in 1892 that Lord Bute first heard 50 1 the haunting ot B— — House in Perth shire. Hen is an extzaot from his journal : — August 7. In afternoon with Father H— and Lord Dumfries to Falkland. He gives a long aooount of the physioal dis turbanees at B— ; noises between bis bed and the oeiling, like continuous explosions of petards, so that he oould not hear speak. Father H— said he had spoken oi tne matter to Mr S ? (the proprietor), who expressed an . ida that the dis tax ban oa might be caused by his anale, the late Major 8— , who waa trying oo attraot attention in order that prayers might be offered for the repose of his soul. The Rkstlkss Majob S— . Major S ? was bom in 1806, retired from the Indian army with the rank ot major in 1850, and died in 1876. His two brothers died unmarried, and of hisvdx sis | ters three married and a fourth, Isabella, entered a nunnery, and then professed the name ol 'Frances Helen.' She died in 1880. The Major bequeathed B ? to the repre sentativeo ol his married sister Mary, and on his death was suooeeded bv her seoond son John, who was a Roman Oatholio. The Major was a believer in spirit return, and many iritussa have attested that he fre quently spoke of hia own return alter death. He was fond ol dogs, and he frequently in timated his intention ol entering the body ol a particular blaok spaniel whioh he pos sessed ; but after his death all his dogs, in cluding the spaniel, were shot, in order to render any Buoh aotion on his part im possible. Spxeit Bap fob Ma job's ScooBssoa. John S ? , his e accessor, went to London in 1895 on family business, and was there ran MAT bv & nlth and kill./) in bis journal, under date January 17th, 1897, soys — ' I hear that the morning the l^te S— -— of B— — left home lor the last time, spirits oame and rapped to in his room, doubtless to warn him, so that death was owing to tbe oruel superstition whioh had prevented him allowing them to be oommonioated with.' Lord Bate's infor mant seems to have been the Bev. Sir David Hunter Blair, now Father Blair oi Fort Augustus Monastery. The son. Captain d — -, at onoe let the house and the shoot ings to Oolond Taylor as the nominal bat Lord Bate as the real tenant; and then the fdn began. Youho Ladi ajcd tuti Spooks. I Mrs G. writes : — 1 A young lady oi by no | means timid disposition, and possessed oi gnat presence ol mind, has often heard the swing door poshed open and footsteps oom ing along the oorridor, pausing at the door. The footsteps she had also bear? going round her bed. Many visitors have had the eame experiences, and many have heard the wild unearthly shriek whioh has rung through the honse at midnight.' Tub Clock Szbtok On. Mrs G. gives ha own experiences : — «' The &-t sight all was Jtill, bat the fallowing night a succession of thundering knocks oame from the end oi the passage, an hour afterwards my husband heard a piero ing shriek. The next night we heard aingle knocks at different doors. The last night oi our visit, I heard the clock strike one, ^ immediately it oeased six violent blows shook our own door on Its hinges, followed by dap groans. A man with bronnd com plexion and bent figure lm been seen by two friends of mine. They both describe him as having oome through the door, and passing through the room in whioh they wen, about three in the morning.' Fzbst Siaar or tss Nujr. Mia Freer's journal ol her experienoa is very good reading : — £*he maids tell me tney beard the sounds oi continuous reading aloud, whioh afterwards baoame quite familiar. The sound was always that well known to Roman Oatholios, aa that oi a priest saying his office.'* .We . decided to walk in the avenue. It was quite dark_ but the snow gleamed eo white that we oould see our way to the plantation. In a few minnta I stopped. Against the snow I aw a light buokfigan— a woman moving dowly up the glen. She stopped and turned and looked at me. When she oame «md«» the tree ahe disappeared. Ihe others saw nothing.' In a letter te Lord Bate under February 25, 1896, Mia Freer describes tbis figure with some detail :— ' These figures do not appear before 6.30 at earliest. They appear co be outlined by threads oi light. It is only when the face appears m profile I tt»t one oan dacribe tha iatoroa, ana ibii J is aoatewhsi pnrented by the ntia's ♦dl. ' Ishbd appears to dm to be slight and el fair bright. Her hair ii dark, and' there ia an intensity ot gaze which is rare in light ooloored eyes.. Lord Bute identifies the nun aa probably ]Qa Isabella S ? , the favourite sister ol Major 8— , who be came a nan in 1860 and died in 1880. Thb Doa xbd tub Spook. 1 February 16—1 had an experience this morning whioh should be recorded. X waa writing. I felt a distinct gentle push against my ohair. I thought it was the dog, bat he was not there. I went on writing, when came another decided push against myself whioh moved me on my ohair. I looked backward, the room was empty. When Mrs W— — oame in she oalled my attention to the dog, who waa gazing Intently from the hewtnrag at the plaoe when I had expected to see him, ' ISKBBti' AKD ' MABaa».' 'I saw the nan again, and an older woman , in grey, who talked earnestly with bar, she answering at Intervals. My com panions heard the voloee, bnt did not see the figures. The. older woman afterwards became familiar, and the name of ? Margef was given to her half in fun, and simply beoaaae this eras one oi the two names given by the 'Oaija' board — used by Spiritual ists— in bypnotio writing, ae ' Iahbel' was also given several times when her name was aaked.' ? February 16—1 saw - Isbbel' and ? Margef in tbe old spot across the 'born, ' Iahbel' was on her kbees in the attitude of weeping, ' Margef apparently reasoning with her in a loud voioe. I could not hear what waa said lor the noise oi the burn. Mus M— said, ' I aw ( nothing bat I heard a low talking.' ' The editors in a loot-note ay : — The nun to whom was given the name ot ' Ishbel.' This aubjeot ha bean already dismissed, and the suggestion thrown ont that the phant asm was an erroneous mental pioture oi the late Bev Mother Franoes Helen, evolved from the imagination of a half-educated j person who bad never san the lady in | question, and knew little about her. This j figure was seen many times by Mia Fraser I and Miss Langton. twioe by the Bev Mr Q, ? ? and probably by Madame Boisseauz. who unhappily died suddenly before the editors had an opportunity of 'M'|; her for exact information. There were also earlier witnesses. She was never seen else where than in the glen, ' except once by Mia Langton, and on the one oooamon when a Bishop was saying Maa in the house, and Mia Freer saw her outside the window just after the elevation ol theahalioe. It was stated, however, by two separate witnesses, that a figure, probably the aame, had been seen indde the house on at least one occasion, when, some years before Colonel Taylor's tenancy, Mrs 8 ? was keeping her room, and a maid who waa bringing up a tray met the figure on the stairs, and experienced suoh a start that she dropped the tray. The lay-woman dreasd in grey to whom was given the name oi ' Marget,' and who was sometimes Men in the company ol ' Ishbd,' usually as though upbraiding or nproving her. She was seen by Miss Freer and Mia Langton, and her voioe in con versation with ? Ishbel' waa heard not only by them, bat by Mr O — — and Miss Moon, Mr ' O.,* and Miss ' Doff.' ttth if aw WITH THB r.nrp. * February 21,— Again this, morning we heard noises of pattering- in the next room. The dog got up and sat apparently watohing something invisible to us, turning his head dowly as ii following the movements ol some person or thing across the room from east to west. During the night Mia Moore keard footsteps orosaing the room, a of an »ld invalid man snuffling in slippers.' Mia H ? , another visitor, also heard the steps of an old man with a most peculiar limp. HE TA1TBB THB BUSINESS Uf HIND. Lord Bute, in a private letter on April 29 to a. distinguished ecoleaiastio, ays ' We spent 48 hours at B — — . On the way I was shown the endoaur* in the ohurohyard wherein lie, in unmarked graves, the late Major 8 ? , his hooakeeper, and hia Indian servant. I would have gone and prayed then, but the plaoe seemed to me too public. The house is bright and oheertnl, As her ladyship and myself did not wish to be troubled at night, we took room in the 1 wing whioh the late Major S ? had built in order to ave his children from the 'haunting,' and we slept their quite oom fortable.- Alter 6 p.m. I went to the plaoe near the burn where the apparition often appeared. I read aloud the ' vespers ' lor the dead, but no phenomenon appeared, nor had I any sensation. About 7.30 I want to room No. 6 and read aloud the first ? Noo turn oi the dirge ; ' there was nothing to be seen or heard, bat I idt a strong actuation that persons wen listening. (The words, in uttering whioh Lord Bute was thus affected, were—' Begem oui omnia vivaut venite ad oremus,' an invitation which he meant to indude all intelligent being?). Daring the night dept weu, Saw and heard nothing. Next day visited haunted burn; saw nothing,. At 10 o'olook, in room D, read the third 'Nootura,' made j dips ol pronunciation and Idt the praenoe ei others very strongly, and that it was hostile or evil, as thongn they were kept at aims length. A disagreeable sensation continued until I thnw some holy water on my bed before getting into it, when it sud denly disappeared.' The Lm Burs. Mus Freer, in a letter to Lord Bato, in describing the departure of a visitor — Mdme Boisseaux — says — ' While waiting lor the oarriajje ahe tonohed my arm and pointed to the window, where I perceived the figure oi ?Ishbd,' ana 'Marget' earned to hover in the background. After Mdme's departure the Bishop blessed the hotue from top to bottom. He sprinkled rooms 1, 3, .nil 8 with holy water. He and the ppats had hardly gone when then was a load bang on a little table. Th« Bishnn and nriMfai rii. tamed and the oenmony wa repeated , alter which the bang ooourred, bat much more laintly. This bang was the last phenomenon oi an abnormal kind during this tonanoy.' Shallow ato Ixpcdhkt licrosnraa. As a suggestive pendant, it is worth re calling the trenchant article of the 'Times' writer, in vthioh he denoanoed the whole affair as a gnat imposture. Here is an cxtraot 'Lord Bates oonfidenoe has been grossly abused by some one. it was re presented to him that he was taking the most haunted boose in Scotland— a house with an ' established reputation for mys terious, if- not supernatural disturbances. What be has got is a house with no reputa tion whatever ot that kind, with no history, with nothing germane to his purpose beyond a cloud ot baseless rumours produoed dariag the last 12 months. Who Is responsible for this imposture it is not my business to inquire, bat that it is an imposture ol the most shallow and impudent kind then can be no manner of doubt. The whole thing has been fadged np in London.' 