THEIR FAVOURITE BOOKS. It is not, perhaps, generally known that the Queen takes no small interest in the fiction of the day. A writer herself, she is a capable critic of all she has read to her, and is said to prefer in this branch of literature the novels of Edna Lyall. The Prince of Wales is a great admirer of George Meredith's works. Another great writer, Mr. Gladstone's political has somewhat outshone his literary fame. The eminent statesman, however, found time, until quite lately, to get through a large quantity of varied reading. His library at Hawarden C(astle is rather curiously arranged. The walls are covered with shelves of books, and between each partition there is room to walk. By this means LMr. Gladstone is able, with little difficulty, to lay his hand upon any one of tam 1.5,000 or 20,000 volumes that he may reqluire_ Once seated with his book, Mr. Gladstone takes a pencil uand makes copious notes in the margin on subjects he wishes to remem ber, of which he is in doubt, or which he disputes. These he afterwards classifies at the end of the volume, thus being able to refer at once to those things he wishes to re member in the book. The Grand Old Man's favourite authors are Aristotle, Dante, and Bishop nutler. The only fiction he affects is that dealing with history or philosophy. He is an admirer of Mrs. Humphrey Ward's " Robert Elenmere." Another noted statesman, Mr. Goschen, delights in a novel with plenty of plot in it' He also gets through a quantity of reading. and prefers the IRev.S.Baring-Gonld's novels to any others. Sir William Harcourt is also a great novel reader.but Lord Salisbury finds little time for light literature. Stanley, the great African traveller, is extremely fond of his Shakespeare. It was with extreme reluctance that he burned his copy of the Stratford hard's works by com mand of the Zing people Barbarous nations almost invariably associate books with sorcery andt witchcraft. The German Emperor is teond of novel reading, and is a great admirer of George Eliot. Mr. II. Rider Haggard. though never a great reader, has two favourites-Charles Dickens's " Tale of Two Cities " and Lord Lytton's " Coming IRace." Other books of which he never tires are " Ecclesiastes " and the poems of Edgar Allen Poe. " My grandfather," said the hoee clerk boarde?, " once knew an old man who in sated that the ghosts came and milked his cows every nigh!." " Sirt of milkin' spectres,eh?" commented the Chis, ful Idiot. 