CYCLING CHRONICLE. THE LEAGUE. i ? I CLOSE OF THE A.N.A. MEET. I WALNE WINS ANOTHER MILE. BOB LEWIS RIDING WELL. Don Walker Gets the Test Race. Crowell and Corbett Score— Mut- ton Beats Jackson— Wholesale Dis qualifications in W.A.— A fleeting at Coolgnrdie — Entries for the ! Electric Carnival— And Intercolo nial and Foreign fleins. (Ill- 'WHEELER.') The cxecutlvo of tho- Victorian League has again, after 11 lengthy niscusalon, ic fused to recognUo the Bcmligo track, which Is saw to bo dangerous. '?- l'roniiscs. wore ttiado of improvement, but 11 seems there is a divided authority. .The council 'talked of alterations; hut, It Is' said, the ground belong? to tho Agricultural Society, and tho ? League asserts that nravlaus nranilses wore broken.1 Tlio result.'is that unless Ihe Don dlgonlonfi hurry 'up thtre will be no' League cyellngon St. Patrick's Day or at tho Boa ter Fair. -, . '' Tills Is how tho cracks ran In tho mile tost race In Melbourne: — Fust heat : F. S. lleauchamp, ]; A.'l»ithcr,'2 ; A. C. Forbes, 0\. ?- Second heat; W. M'Donald, 1; L. Scharp,'2 ; S. H. Gordon, '.I. Third heat : I D.-Walker, 1 ; L W. Jackson, 2 ; G. Mor- I gan, 3. Fourth heat : L. Corbett, 1 ; .1 I W. Pnrsons, 2 ; A.' IS. Tame, 5. Filth heat: | L. narker, 1 ; R. Lewis. : : W.'!^ Park, .!. ! Final : D. Wjlhcr.'l ; W. JI'Donald, 2 ; V. S. Ueauchainp, 3. Time, 3mln IS 2-33es. ' — — 1 'Jimmy Crowell was successful In the two miles handicap at the test meeting In Mel bourne, tiierp having been 62 starters. Charlie Miller was spcon;!, a:.d A. A. Uo,v land third. The Sydncyltes wore having a day out, for I.arry Corbett vb:i thc.'iuila handicap, with Dick S'utton second, and G. Farley third. Time, ilniln 1 3-3scc. Jack Parsons came a 6roppcr at the test race meeting In Melbourne, his luiicll^-bau ?giving way. ' Comparisons aro often drawn between tho times made by cyclists and horses. Re cently six furlongs were run at Haiidvvlck in lmin 13scc, and it seems to mo It woulu not be a bad idea to introduce a three quarter mile cycle raco occasionally. It woud be'a'clitti!go-frbm the half-mile, and ?vould .afford an Interesting record. This distance has rarely, if ever been run In Australia, and tho electric- light manage ment: might lake tlio lilnl. An Invention for cycIIMs has lust been patented all over the world by Mr. G. .;. Dolts, of St. Kilda- (Vic). It is for the purposo.of preventing the air escaping from tho inner tube of Ihe tyio when It has been punctured. A lajpr of a substance of the natuie of lndla-iubbcr is attached to tlio Inner tube, adding aboul Coz extra, weight to tho machine. It Is tho composition of this layer which forms the patpnl, and 1: is maintained (cays a conlcinporarv) that If penknives, nails, &c.; aro stuck into the tube the puncture at once closes. Suthcrlrnd, vho won thp Wliccl Unco al Diincdin aLo secured the Tni'o Miles Scnti-h Rnco (as previously ueutloncd). A. C. Mictdlcton (iVcllxiurne) was second, beaten bv a wheel, and M Dennett (Uunu dln) thrd Time, Tmln 37iscc Thp council ot the League cf Westrallan Wheelmen met at Pertn and decided to dh qualifj Ljkke, of South Auslral-a, for Iv.o ,\c.-rs for hi\in!; ridden j.t ihe '.Cjlffixirllo iir.eeting aittr Eisntnt'on hi the Irf3;'ao, tha KnlEOorllo Club .0 be illsquiliflcl for six months for allcivlng Lj!,kq to rldo ; ar,u the League icp iscitntlvo at Kal poorhe to bp ulsqual'ildd for ^vvo jcars. It vw-s decided to obtnjn tho nanip3 of all UijJ rldors who competed qgainst Lylckc, with ? ' riuvv to. dealing with them. -..?,.. -I M nine and^Valker were adjudged to have run a doad heat in a heat of tho nillo race on Saturday. Dan rcmarkud that It was a 'red-'hot decision,' for which he was Kuvorely cautioned. Mutton was fourth in the filial, Forbes sixth, mid .M'Donald last. Inthc second hentof thcsccoml roumlof the trams' race nt the A.N.A. meeting on Sat urday R.W.' Lovyls,, I'. It. Bcauchump, and F..S. Deauchainp did, a lino pleco ot pacing. 'Tliey -started :from : 40yds, 'iho next team ahead, ot them .was- 'at I7fiyds, and thoro wore two others on the 300yds mark. Lowl3 and hi3 companions paced. one another until they caught tho. noxt team, when P. n. Deauchamp had had enough,. and slackcnud oil ;F. S. Deauchamp and Luwls, however, went on, and after a fast lap Beauchamp won from Lewis, in the excellent timo.of limln 3S 5-5soc. The test meeting in Melbourne resulted In £31, for, the charities. The .bad blood' which resulted :fiom tho overland ride of Mather and Coloninn lias ended In a libel action, ^liefore tho Chief Justice at Melbourno Wn. Gladstone Hae, proprietor and publisher of 'The Austra lian Cyclist,' sought to recover damages from Carlo lingo Urnst Noesc, proprietor and publisher ot 'The Cycling Ncvs,1; and Thomas L. Colcman. cyclist, In. respect ot statements made by Coloinan and published in 'Tho Cycling Non-3.' Tho action aroso out ot Colemnn's overland ride from Port Darwin to Melbourne. In defence Bocso stated that he published in gooJ faith tho s'tntcmonts made by Colomau, and Coloman claimed that what ho had said was true In substance and In fact. lie counter claimed j: 200 for aileged breaches ot agreement. The Chief Justice said the defence had broken down, ami there remained nothing but tho fact of a very groas- Html, which had done damago to plaintiff. lie found a verdict for plaintiff, with £100 damages, with costs, nnd deoldcd against Coltmau on tho counter claim; » J. Green and IV A. Panker may be fairly claimcj aii .the oldest racins men .on .the path to-day, and still In ihe Jlrst class. Doth were racing years bc-torc many ot- their contemporaries of this jcar. The secret ol their remarkable rotomion of 'form' Is, probably, says 'Whf cling,' that both men havo lived steady lives and taken care, of themselves. Tho professional racing man has Li treat himself as a machine It lie wishes to malutaln his condition. Any of Hip League riders v.ith a bit ot pace nnd time to spare could do worse than visit We-jtralia in tho Autumn. There Is one meeting to bo hold on St. Patrick's Day at Coolzardlo to which .C200 is nt tached.The principal event Is St. Patrick'!) Wheel Race, £100 (£70, £20, and £10). There is a live mile3 scratch race of £15, and; other events with £15, nnd £10 at tached. Visitors will have the .advantage of excursion fares.' 'Entries are due on March .1, invl fuller particulars are adver tised in this Issue. I am also advised that most of the other centres, Kalgoorlle, Cue, Menzlcs, &e.;, are holding meetings, with about the tamo valuo in prlrcs. nob LovvU'isrldlngin pretty fair form just now. but scarcely goon enough to win. Ho is, lion ever, picking up n few of ihe crumbs. Winning his brat in tho A.N.A. was worth tomelhiuE. Then ho has been I-laced .second in each tcr-m race, and on fc'a'turday had a ljatilo with V/nlno for flrt-t In th« mile scratch race. The champion .r3 just a bit too snoU, but Lcwl3 ought to win it 'payable race or :.twb before 'tlm season elopes Bpb'i lidini; sunsesls tho question of liovv well Mbg&on; Would .liavp got on ainonsst the cracks in, Melbourne. A mile tost race In McltfMrnn It pick 11 representative for the championship in Ado laldp rcs'lllcii in a victory for Don Walker by a few iuchps, with M'Don.Ml soron.l, and IJCiiucbsmp third. It shows how unsatis ff.ctory there test races arc as a rule, for, f'.llOT.iig that Walker is fast on his day out, tho chances aic lliat !ie vtan'.t b-j placed in tnp riiaaipionship. Wnlnc did not start, Jt.sce-ins, and it Is ntarly ce-rtain lw will wli at AilelMtlp. while severn! otheis are l!!:clv to beat Walker. FoutJi AuEirnKn. wants nothing but I he lust, whpn thev j.ay foi It, and onu can'i very iKc'll W.imo (hem. Under tlio rcci l-ro»:iy agreement, which Is pretty well played out, they n.ro -required' to (jay tho t-'ipecsics of a icprc.'eitatlvo fiom till.! colony, to'., tho mile championship. They a^ked for M^egson, of course, but as ho could not go, Charlie Miller wius offered, but declined, with thanks. Dick Mutton, who has been unlucky not to score nn Important win ere tbla, de feated \V. C. Jackson In a beat of the scratch mile In Melbourne on Saturday. Ho Is liable to beat tho beat of thorn any day, and Walno lccognlscs how dangerous ho la. If the Xovv South Wales rider minds him self, and keeps his temper, ho will oio long bo ono'ol the jlrst I:lght, as I have hlnlcu1 before. Tho Otago Wheel Raco, 2 miles, prlsc3 £30, £20, £5, nnd £2, with 10s for hoat winners, ie3iiHed:— G. Sutherland (Duno din), scratch, 1; A. .Tones (Honolulu), 3ydd. 2; W. Tierney (Thamfs,), 40yds, 3; H. W. Alter (Poliucrjlon North), l-IOyds, 1. Tituo, 4mln K2»scc. Won by a wheel. A. C. Middleton, of Melbourne, on 50yds, wan put out In his heat. Privately, I hear that 'Major' Taylor, the lightning colored American rider, Is likely to pay us a visit. Good luck to him. Fast as ho ls,~I think wo can iind one or U.o to keep him moving. Hut he must not try acy of tl».- elbow tricks which American papers credit him with. By the way, whut has become of_Starbupk ? Each of the first three riders in the final 0' tho A.N.A. hail a Maltose cin33 on thn breast, forming part of his distinguishing colors. 'Paddy' O'Brien, who was so recently knocked al-out tlmiuch a.i accident, for which llieio was no r\cusi\ nnd for v.hic'.1. ho was not responsible, Is tn.ining nsaiu. it his ncnes me not affected, he ousht to \vju shortly. An account of n. L. Jpffercon's ride lo Khiva is to bo rubllshrd In the '-'v^Ieic World.'' Kalhcr suggestive, eh ? \Tlio theatrical venture of 'Eddie' Bald, tho Amciicun champion, has been a monu mental' failure. After -.running for. twenty nights, at vailou'i towns, and plnyini: to the benches every time, it fizzled out at Boston, when, on 'treasury day,' tho 'ghost didn't walk' (writes 'Whecluirr'). Bald's solu Interest. In it, this paper cays, was 'drawing his salary When he could got II,' and the Amriican imbllc has inken oven Irs3 intcicst in it. Eirht tnousanil dollars is siilil io have been dropped over 'The TvviB of Laurel, 'nnd Bald,- is colnis back, to the path.. He Is convinced that ihero is inoro money in being a nrofes slonal cyclist, to cay nclUini; of- the amateur. Al.Ias't nicctlus of the cxccutlvo of 'iho Victorian League, the -balance-sheet of tiio January Cup mooting 611 Cm. M-jllo'.iruc (Jrio ket Ground showed a profit (it £55. At tlio sucKeslioii of Mr. Pryde', the flin ire 01 1 mlttco wan Instructed .to brine up a apodal icrort about the lccclpts and c-xpcu'Jltuit. 'tor' Mr. Prydc added, 'If. that b Kpii!o to bo the iesult ot our lace n cotlns nu shall have' to decide -whether, wo will carry them. on: or not.':. The dlsnualiilcaticu; of A. 13. Lykko, by the Wcs-tialian 1 --ng fo six mouths, was endorsed. At Coo!.'.rr.o-.'., on ' Anniversary Dor, a lad named liallc}, only ID yenia o' a-,o vuj mounted on a Masncy-IIairls fill ic--d.t^ machine -\\\ I t!i 92 ;;cr.r. and sccuil(1 1 t prire in the I3oys' ltacc. This Is 11 otnc cvldqnco of the cuay ruunins of tho ^ i-a j - Harris bicycle. Walno ctcod.out of .tho Mllo'-.TsstMla'co In Me^ourne because too manv (2i) w re chosen: to race in it. Ilio idea is that only \--l\ of the best should be selected 'and he Is not far .'wrong. Racing nicn are reminded ? that .'entries for the third clcctilo light mcctlnD n c posltlv cly due on Saturday nej t 