AW0M1FSWH0LE EXISTENCE. _ ? ^_ ? \\!' -' By MARY CAPES. '' ' She was so evidently on the side of the ( ' fugitive governess that Sir Gerard, liking her face and frank manner, let iher tell her own tale, and learnt that ? Ada had no right to be in that particu lar corridor at that time of night — it was post 10 o'clock, at night ; but there was a window at the end, from which stolen talk could be enjoyed with one of the grooms. 'Oh, sir, I'm sure, as sure can be, Miss Ross had nothing to do with it! She was always a bit nervous and fright ened of my lady and Miss Dunster; but ;she couldn't be a thief! 2nd poor lit tle Miss Molly, she's just breaking her ? heart about it ! As for Mr. Hubert ? ' But here Ellen stopped short, blush ing hotly as she met Sir Gerard's sharp glance. . ? He had forgotten Lady Donnithorne's \-- telling of the tale. From the servants, it was only the disappearance of the ?. jewels he was inquiring into. Her hint about her son had made little impression ? till now the maid's words recalled it with sudden force to his mind. He made no remark, though, letting Ellen go ? after stammering out a request that he ' would see Miss Molly soon. She was fretting terribly. Ona after another all the servants — men and women — were called to the li brary to answer their master's questions, in many cases with a few words only on either side. Sir Gerard wag a reserved man, asking little in the way of service or attention, living his own life, and ap parently not given to troubling himself much about the lives and doings of even ..; . those of his household. ' But he could be roused, as he had proved before now on occasions, and : once fully awake to the necessities of the .-?;? situation, he would not rest till some . sort of a solution of the difficulty had been arrived at. It was late in the afternoon before he ihad ended his investigations. As a rule, tea was brought to Em inthe li brary, but to-day he sent a message he would need none, and went straight to the schoolroom Molly, a forlorn little figure, despite the afternoon sunshine flooding the room, and the little white kittens Ellen had Drought in from the stable by way of consolation, sat at the table pouring ??'???. out her own tea, a privilege that would have brought unmixed pleasure with the beloved governess looking on, but mean ing nothing now. She knew what manner of interview her uncle had been holding, and sprang up instantly, quivering with indignation, while Ellen discreetly retired from the ; . scene. 'Oh, Uncle Gerard, how can you 1' she cried. ' And in her words and voice was an agony of childish impotence and , misery. Sir Gerard put his arm round her ten derly, made her go back to her seat, and drew up a chair for himself. 'Give me some tea, please, Molly. I see you have got another cup ; and when . you have had your own you shall' tell me all about it in your own way, dear.' . 'But she did not do it ! She is not a thief! It is cruel of Maud to say so, ' and make mother think so too! And ,now they will tell Hubert, and you will both belieye it!' 'Not unless we can prove it, Molly. I am inclined to believe you are right, .my child j but, anyhow, I cannot have you making yourself ilL Drink your tea, and eat some of this ; then we will talk.' . Sir Gerard held out the untasted plate of bread and butter, then took some him self, and Molly, already a little comfor ted, by Mb words and manner, obeyed him at once. Then, the meal finished, hel went to 1 the armchair by the open window, where poor Lil had spent many a happy hour, her pupil crouched on a low stool at her feet, listening to the stories and fairy , tales as told by the governess the child loved so dearly. Taking her on- his knee, he made her tell him how she had waked up in the ? night, seen Miss Ross get out of her bed V and go to the door ; but she was quite sure— quite sure — she came back again ..; ' directly. She1 could not possibly have had time to go to her mother'a room, and she was so' sorry — so very sorry — she had told anyone about it ; only Ada said she ' had seen a ghost. Ellen told her while she was having her bath; then Maud came and asked questions. With many sobs and wishes that she could see Miss Ross again, and tell her how sorry she was, Molly confided all her troubles to the uncle in whom she felt instinctive trust and confidence; and Sir Gerard left her at last, her childish heart aching less, soothed and comforted for the present at any rate, ready to go out with Ellen, and share with her the reassuring feelings her uncle had inspired. Then, finally, Sir Gerard wended his way to the drawing- room, where he knew he was anxiously awaited by Lady Don nithorne and her daughter. That all the evidence pointed to the probability of the governess's guilt he could not deny to himself ; yet his own feeling was greatly in her favor, and, be sides the strong partisanship of Ellen and poor little Molly, he had not failed to note that many of the servants were against the idea of the jewels having been taken by Miss Ross. As to Ada's ghost, that was easily ex plained. No doubt she had caught a glimpse of the governess as she stood at the open door of her room, but, being in a part of the house where she had no right to be at that time of night, did not like to say much. He had been told that Lady Donni thorne and her daughter were out — Ada sitting up for them — and, so far, facts fitted in so well that a question of time did not occur to him ; therefore he did not elicit the information the girl kept hidden for reasons best known to herself — that the ghost was seen when dinner was only just ended — before the ladies had started for their ball. Lady Donnithorne did not discover the loss of her diamonds till the morning. The key had gone from the place where it was kept, the drawer open, the cases disappeared — one containing a necklace of great value, another a diamond spray for the hair, and the third a ring. Then the key was discovered in the afternoon in a dark corner of the very corridor in which was the governess's bedroom. There was no trace, apparently, of anyone having entered the house bur glariously. , Lady Donnithorne had told him that, though it was Maud who had suggested the possibility of proving the thief to be Miss Ross, yet it was also owing to her that her mother had agreed to wait for Sir Gerard's return before informing the police of the robbery. ' Possibly Maud had been moved by some friendly feeling towards this girl, not many years older than herself. Sir Gerard tried hard to think so ; but, if such were the case, why should, Maud keep Molly out of the way, and, fo^r no reason at all, take the child to drive' with her? Could this be the act of the sister who usually both looked upon and treat ed the child as an unmitigated nuis ance? ? If she had done this of set purpose, she could not have hit on a surer method of driving poor Lil to despair and flight With all this in his mind — evidence thatj much to his own regret, he was aware pointed decidedly one way — Sir Gerard opend the door, of the drawing room, and became instantly conscious of a fresh element introduced into the situation. A new actor had arrived on the scene — Hubert Dunster ; and he was talking in a fashion for which his mo ther's words, and the halting speech of the maid Ellen, had not quite prepared Sir Gerard, who, unperceived for the mo ment, listened in silence. Hubert Dunster, his usually pleasant face hot with anger, his eyes, always bright' and a little piercing, flashed now with strong indignation, as he warmly defended the absent girl 'It ia preposterous, mother! Who ever it was that got to your room, it was not Lilian Ross. There is something behind it all; but her( honor is my own — she is my promised wife! — I will find her, and prove it io the ? ' He stopped short, seeing Sir Ge rard, who came forward slowly, looking from one face to the other of the three occupants of the room. The young man's at any rate, expressed nothing but honest and manly anger and indignation, very natural under the circumstances; but of the two women it was hard to say which looked the more unpleasant. Sir Gerard had never much cared for his sister-in-law from the first— they had nothing whatever in common; but he was not a man to quarrel with a wo man easily. He had lived his life, and she hers, with no lack of ordinary har mony between them,' though no real friednship. He .had discovered long ago that, contrary to most mothers, she cared comparatively little for her son; her heart was wrapped up in her beau tiful eldest daughter, even to the exclu sion of little Molly. . He was also aware that she had a temper given at intervals to break through all .ordinary restraints. But the look on her face now, distorted by rage — tiger-like .eyes, glowing under brows drawn together' and lowered into a scorching line— was truly terrible;' while the insulting toss of, her daugh ter's head, the contemptuous curves drawing down the corners of her mouth/ the insufferable intention of meaning in the half-closed eyes, gave an effect almost equally repellent. Both faces were a revelation to Sir Gerard Donnithorne, though, he, too, perhaps, could tell, had he chosen, of experiences in his past life, known in that place to none but himself. He had not seen Hubert for several days, and therefore held out a greeting hand, which the young man took and wrung vigorously, as though with in stinctive knowledge of having found a friend. And ' even before Sir Gerard could speak, he began his own tale. He must put himself straight first; he would have no misunderstanding with this man, whose home was practically his, and who had been good to him, in ' many ways for the widow of the late Mr. Dunster was not rich. Her son owed most of his school education, his college successes, and his power of en tering an honorable profession, first to his stepfather, Sir Anthony Donni thorne, and later to his brother Gerard. He softened his raised voice now, speaking with the deference of tone he always used to the man he liked and respected so much. 'Will you listen to me first, Sir Ge rard? You were away the day I spoke to Miss Ross, asking her to be my wife. I have loved her ever since I was here last Christmas; but I assure you, on my honor, I had no intention of telling her so yet, not until I had a certain posi tion to offer her. It was my mother and sister who forced me into it. Be fore me, here in this very room, she was spoken to cruelly — .made to cry by Maud's insulting words and tone. What could a. man do? I went to the school room, where never once had I sought her before, I swear, and ? ' He paused, turning to his mother. Lady Donnithorne had risen, her pas sion at a white heat ; with outstretched hand, it seemed almost as though she would have struck her son. ' - :? Then her words burst forth— words .useless to repeat— abuse, reproaches, invectives hurled forth in a torrent from the mouth of this woman, a lady in ap pearance— -at least, outwardly — who yet proved herself by her coarseness of tongue a virago of the lowest possible type. . ;?? ? Aghast, horrified, both men listened in absolute silence ; only the girl,, her daughter, showed no sign of disgust; a smile of cynical amusement replaced the hitherto scornful expression on her beautiful face, that was all. . ' , At last the storm came to an end. Exhausted by violence, Lady Donni thorne sank back on her chair, panting out her final words : 'Justice I will have? The police shall be put on that girl's track at once, her boxes searched, and her hiding place discovered!' . . For a' second or two dead silence reigned in the big room : then .Sir Ge rard spoke, very quietly, meeting the glance of the woman's angry eyes with calm, steady decision. ' '?._.? 'Excuse me, Lena, this house is mine. I will have no policeman sent for un less I choose. When I have learnt all I possibly can, it will be time to de cide; but I think it probable I shall leave Miss Ross untraced for the pre sent, at any rate. You are certainly in no state to .discuss the matter just now. Hubert, will you come to my room with me at once ? I; . must first hear what you have to say.' Before Lady Donnithorne, dumb for a moment with renewed fury, could speak, the two men. had reached the door. As it closed behind them, Maud sprang up, her eyes gleaming. 'There, mother, what did I tell you? Wasn't is just as well I made you wait? The sly minx, for all her pretended shy ness, got hold of them both. You had better be careful, or Sir Gerard will be turning you and me out of Stane Court for good and all.' Despite all her adoration for her daughter, Lady Donnithorne glared up at her with angry, puzzled eyes. It was she, Maud, who had at the very first suggested the governess as the probable thief ; yet surely, in her voice now, there was a note of mingled tri umph and relief. Late that night Sir Gerard sat with Hubert Dunster in the oak-panelled li brary, a. shaded lamp on the table be tween them, the only liglffc save for a pale beam of a crescent moon low on the horizon, shining athwart dewy lawns and sleeping, summer blossoms into the room through the long open windows. Dinner — an awkward meal, it must be confessed — iad been got through some how, with just talk enough to deceive the servants. , , ? . To be 'continued. ? 'One evening,' writes a correspon dent of the London 'Daily Mail,' 'in coming back from the mines at Umtali a young Englishman on his bicycle had to pass along a narrow. footway, which had been trodden by the natives. Right in front of him he saw a great lion in the path. He concluded that he could not turn back with safety, so he dashed ahead straight at the lion. The lion seemed to pause and consider the situa tion, and then he turned aside and made his way into the undergrowth.' The relyenue of Denmark is about 40,000,000 crowns, one half of which is absorbed by military expenditure. A caterpillar can eat 600 times its weight in food in a month. An express engine consumes ten gal lons of water per mile. It has been proved, as the result of experiments, that the circulation of the blood is affected by music. 