Dead or Alive ? CHAPTER XVIII fcONTINUED.3 1 jpfer ELL ?' said Lord Conway eagerly. Roy Pole silently folded the sheet and placed it securely in his breast pocket, seemingly lost in thought, while Lord Con way watched him impatiently. ' You see, Sir Lionel is alive, after all,' said tho young man presently. Mr. Pole looked at him absent ly. He was puzzled. He did not really beliove in the man representing himself as Sir Lion el Gauntlett being the Baronet in propria persona ; but, if not Sir Lionel, who was it ? Cer tainly not tho dark, lithe Italian Ludovieo. I neither know nor can know for the present,' he said at last. ' But I see nothing hore whioh should render our immediato journey to Harve less important.' Lord Conway clung to tho hope -that, in contradiction to serious evidence, such as the blood-stains in Sir Lionel's Btudy, the missing Baronet might still bo alivo and compos mentis. ' Will any amount of evidence,' lie said, with sonic impatience — ' will seeing, hearing, touching Sir Lionel — convince you of his existenco in tho flesh, Pole ?' ' We shall see,' said Mr. Pole quietly. Howevor little he be lieved in the. apparition of Sir Lionel Gauntlett at the British Consulate in Paris, , and however his fears. andr doubts were aug- "inented, he felt glad that some news had come to raise Lord Conways's spirits and render him a more potent ally. 4 You will explain this frosh news to Lady Gauntlett better than I can, Conway,' ho said. And Lord Conway, pleased to cast aside painful fears, at nil events for tho moment, willingly undertook the ambassadorship. He found Lady Gauntlett re covered. She glanced at him anxiously as he entered, and his news revived both her and her daughters. Lady Gauntlett ap peared bewildered at the contra dictory telegrams, aud welcomed his suggestions as to their origin with nervous satisfaction. 'It is impossible to judgo Lionel as you would judge other mon,' she suggested. Her voice sound ed weak and hesitating. ' How can he bo like ordiuary people — his father iusnue when he was born, he of a silent, suspicious, self-contained nature, which coun try living did not improve ? I quite believe, Conway, that as soou as ho sent that first telegram from Wiesbaden he changed his mind and, disliking the place, rushed off to Harve. It is a great comfort to rac that he was seen by the people at tho Consul ate.' 'Yes, of course,' said Lord Conway, forcing a smile that he hoped was cheery, but tho hollow- ncss of Which Ella detected at once. 8ho was very silent during tho ride back to Belmont Castle. If Roy Pole and Conway were really satisfied with the condition of affairs, why did not the lawyer return with Conway to tho turret- room ? Why was her lovor so palo ? What meant that wild gleam in his eyes ? She saw it only once or twico in the moon light ; but it was no fancy. Roy Pole was glad that tho bustle and fuss cf the next twenty four hours prevented Alys from from noticing his gravity. Alys had enough to do in directing -her own packing and assisting in her mother's arrangements, and Mr Polo had to transact business that- would have occupied the energies of a dozen ordinary men. Among other tilings, ho inter viewed the land-steward and the bailiff of the Home Farm, went through the accounts, and obtain ed tho necessary cheques from Lady Gauntlett. Then ho saw the house-keeper, and nrranged for the 'dismissal of tho staff of servants with a month's full pay- , If Gauntlett Court had been struck by lightening, there would have been less consternation than was felt by tho servants on tile momorablo. day of the sudden migration of the- family. Thoy » A ncoeptcd tho explanation that Lady Gauntlett and her party woro really to join Sir Lionel and to live abroad for a time. But- a general depression, an ominous nightmare-like feeling, roignod. Although each ono had to accomplish far more than the usual amount of daily work, there . was a peculiar silence. Tho maids trod softly, as if death- were in the house ; the men- servants spoke but seldom, and then in a low voice. Hover had tbey loft a nice easy plaoe in suoh ourious circumstances. The party — Lady Gauntlett, Alys, Roy Pole, Lord Conway, and Ella, with two maids — Lord Conway preferred to travel with out his valet — started by the five-o'olook train for London, dined at the Railway Hotel, then left for Southampton by the nine-o'oloek train. They were to Bleep at Southampton and oross to Le Havre the next morning. Several of the servants, left Gauntlett Court that night ; but tho housekeeper and housemaids remained next day, arranging tho rooms for a long period of desertion. Holland covers en veloped the satin and gilded furniture ; tho chandeliers, great CiOGKBy Quu DluCKOlS W61O 08 closely veiled as Turkish beau ties ; stair- carpets were rolled up and put away, the Bhutters closed and barred. By tho time Lady Gauntlett and her party would arrive at Le Havre, Gauntlett Court, seeu from without,' would resemble, inoro strikingly than over it'Kuge white mausoleoiim. That day- was ono of the brightest of an unusually fino autumn. Tho flower-beds — the losenges, circles, orosses — were gay with dahlias and early chry santhemums; the white-blinded windows were( like sphiuxes' stoney oyes gazing blankly at the gardener sweeping the dead leaves awuy from the smooth turf; tho fountains played on with a gentle, monotonous splash ing. Then there was a briof bustlo in tho stable-yard — the waggonotto and carts taking the housemaids and their luggage to Barrel station. The housekeeper like tho captain of some good ship that is about to founder, remained until tho last. Two old servants, housekeeper find hntlnr in Air TTnrltart'a t!m who had resided at the principal lodge, woro to be caretakers dur ing the family's absenco abroad. The old people, who had been put about somewhat by tho transformation in (heir fortunes, arrived at seven o'clock. Tho son 'of the - village policeman, who was to take their place at tho lodge, drove them to the back-entrance in a cart. A young housemaid, dressed for departure, opened tho door and assisted them to alight with their ourious assortment of packages and bundles. Timothy Waller was a short thin old man with eyes that had grown sharper while his deafness grew more incurable. His wife was stout, buxom, kind, but troubled with asthma and semi- blindness. 'Well, of all tho persons to leave in a splendid 'ouse !' said tho housckcoper disgustedly, after she had shown the old peoplo tho rooms thoy had to pqcupy — that which had been ners as tueir sitting-room, the kitohen, and tho butler's pantry and bedroom above. ' Mary Ann' — this was to her niece, one of tho under-housemaids, who was to accompany her to London — 'if I had known of this, I would never have set foot in the 'ouse ! All tho trouble I have taken to instruct you girls — you and Phoobo and Harriet and Maria-: — to keep those picture- frames and china and carpets and-statues rnd Chines dragons and things clean i And now for them to bo left to moulder! It's enough to break my 'eart —and, upon my word, I think it will ." And then sho began to weep. ' Mury-i Ann failed to comfort her ; but tho T-onrt which wns to tiike them to the station was unpunciuul, and, in her . oxoito- ment ht so nearly losing the train, the good woman had her thoughts turned into another channel. ' CHAPTER XX. The old couple wore aloue in Gauntlett Court. As Mrs. Wal ler unpacked hor "things" in the comfortable bed chamber that over-looked the stable-yard, sho felt dreadful misgivings. It had all happened so suddenly. " A gentleman" — Mr.Polo — had come to the lodge with Lndy Gauutlett's orders, and, as soon as her hus band had acceded to what was asked of him, all had been in a whirl. ' I declare I feel for all the world like a whisked egg!' she shouted presently to her husband who was sitting warming his thin hands at' the kitchon fire. ' And to think of us two alone in this big houso ! If we aiu't robbed aud murdered, it'll be a wonder!' J imothy Waller heard enough to know that ho aud his wife had similar sensations on taking pos sesion of the Court in this unex pected way. ' Look here, old gal,' he said in a husky, unmelodiou's voice — and ho lifted a black bag whioh had been placed dose to the fender — 'that lawyer-gentleman ain't no fool. When I says to him this morning, 44 Lawk, sir, me and the wife all alone in the court, full of valuables — it ain't to bo thought of, sir, not for ono mo ment !" he writes down big, a- smilin' quiet to himself — "Threo London constables coming to pro tect you. Thoy will stay till further orders ; they will require the keys, which are in this blaok bag. You and your wife will have a shilling and sixpence a day more for waitin' on 'em." That's the position of affairs, my dear, as they suy in the news papers. And one-nnd- sixpenoe a day makes ton-and-six a week, and ton-and-six a week comes to twenty-seven pounds six shilling a year ; so mat, with a pound a week rog'lar, and extra for the women in tho village for oleanin' up, we ought to save — yes, save ! For there's the vegetables in the garden, and " Here thcro was a peal at the bell, preceded by the sound of wheels unheard by the deaf man and his preoccupied wife. 'That's them!' said Waller; and, seizing a candle - lamp, he went to the back door, which he unbarred and unbolted, and eon- fronted three dark-looking men with beards, low-crowned hats, with Inverness capes. ' All right, Mr Waller — we're tho constubles from London,' said the tallest of the three. ' Come to look after you, you know !' he shouted, being evidently propared for tho custodian's deafness. Then, while, Mr. aud Mrs. Waller ushered his companions into the brightly lighted kitohen, ho paid and dismissed the fly which hpd brought them and their ono trunk from Barrel station, and rebolted and rebarrcd thejdoor with minute care. . ' How, my good lady,' he said to the pleasant-faced, white-haired Mrs. Waller, ' wo aro not here to put you and your husband out ; but- her ladyship and her advisers thought it was not safe for you to bo aloue hero. The Court is a well-known place, and would a right- down paradise forburglars. It'll get known that the family's away — the London theives aro always on tho look-out for a big haul — so wo lost no time in com ing. You can givo us a bit of supper, I suppose? We'll settlo up as we go along. Come, Robinson and Tom— help Mrs. Waller a bit!':; He took off his Inverness cape and the others followed his oxam- plo. While Mrs. Waller was laying tho supper- oloth and brin ging, out a cold joint and tho re mains of a cheese whioh the late housekeeper had t fid her was left for her, tho thin-faced bearded man heid a written conversation with old Waller on a sliito which he had brought for the purpose. 'You quite understand we do not intend to disturb you, Mrs. Waller ?' interrogated the leader during the somewhat ynsociablo meal ; and he wont on to say that the Wallers, wevo to consider, themselves custodians of thc.offi- oes only — and ho and his men wore responsible for the Court it self. 'There will always he two of as on duty at night,' he added, as they quitted the kitohen. 'Wo shall take it in turns to sleep, and the ono who sleeps at night will guard the house by day-' Evidently none of. the three were going to sleep that night. Their first act was to look the old custodian and his wife into the offices by securely fastening tho gieat iron door- which had been erected iu case of. fire/ Then the tallest bearded man, who was the well-known Inspector Hollingford concorned in many oriminal cases placed the lantern on the table in the corridor nnd consulted the plan of the house. ' It seems to me that wo go straight ahead .for the turret, Barker,' he said. The smallest man, who was Barker disguised, volunteered to lead the way. The threo mon went silently through tho long wide hall, where the statues and murble groups gleamed ghost-like in the dim light, up tho denuded staircase, along the corridor hung with portraits . of doad- and-gone Gauntletts, to the vestibule whore on ono hand was tho staircase that load down to Sir Lionel's study, on tho other tho door of Lady Gauutlett's bod-chamber. A door opposite was . that of Sir Lionel's bedroom. ' Barker pointed out. her lady ship's door and held the Inntorn while Inspector Hollingford look ed in the bag for the koy. The keys were all labelled. Before the inspector fitted the key in the look, he tried the door- handle; the door opened. 4 Of course I' ho said somewhat | nettled at his oversight. 'I might ihave known that the doors would be open, as tho keys wore collec ted before tho family left.' Barker led the way through the splondid chamber with the satiu- embroiderod hangings, now care fully folded and covered with tissuo-papor, to the turret-room. ' Is this tho room where tho love-soene witnessed by Lord Conway took place?' asked the inspector, glauoing round tho room, which was gloomy enough now, without curtains, ornaments, bird-cages, flowers and womanly knick-knacks. Barker drew a square black- covered note book from a large pooket in his eoat whioh had been specially made for its.reooption. This was Oliver Smith's notebook — the result of his observations during his stay at Gauntlett Court. ' This is the room,' he said, 'and here is the diagram drawn by Smith from accounts given by Mr. Pole. You will see, Mr. Hollingford, those figuros by the hearth were the lady and gentle man, and this squaro is the door from whioh Lord Conway saw the two embracing.' The inspector looked steadily at the diugram for a minute or two, then said — ' Have you the candles?' Barker had brought a carpet bag upstairs with hira, whioh he now opened, and, taking out a package, handed it to tho inspec tor, who was evidently absolute head of the throe, for, while he opened the package, fixed the waxlights in two bronze branches attached to the .wall on cither side of the fireplaoe and lighted them, tho others stood watching without speaking. ' I want yon two to stand hore as the two stand in the diagram,' said Inspector Hollingford after ho had arranged the candles. ' Doctor Champion, you will not object to help me in this as you have helped me many times be fore, I know. But those wigs and beards had better come off, or I .sha'n't- be able to judge whether Lord Conway could bcg distinctly a lady's face.' Tho dark wigs- nnd beards were removed; and tho youthful- looking Georgo Barker stood revealed. The third couspirator was a young man with fair hair and n fine firm faco, broad chin, and lcoon eyes. This was Doctor Campion, a young medical man whose intense interest in murder- oases led him to sacrifice grenf possibilities of rising in his pro fession for tho full indulgenoe of his hobby. < " ' I will do anything you liko, ho said, with alacrity. Doctor Campion wns not the man to do things by halves. Ho insisted upon plaoing himself' and Barker as nearly as possiblo in the position of the figures in the oarefully-drawn diagram. His entire laok of a senso of humour made him invaluable in inquiries of the subtler kind. Inspector Hollingford stood immediately before tho door, and stared at the two figures. - 'Thanks — that will do,' ho said, as if he were a photographer taking their portraits. 'How, if you please, wo will proceed to the' tower.' The tower was thoroughly searched. Ludovico's rooms had been swept and garnished, but there still remained the unfinished oak tablo in the work-shop, the portraits of Sir Lionel over his bed-room mantelpiece, and traces of the Italian's recent presenoe in odds and ends inside the chest of drawers— ends of cigars, half- empty match boxes, ties, odd gloves. 'This is the slab whioh some one had suggested had been in tended for a coffin ?' asked the Inspector, in the workshop. \- George Barker replying in the uniriuiiiiVvj uu uivudiiivu il \vivii afoot-rule. ' The dimensions are here al ready,' said Barker, referring to Smith's note-book. ' Six feet four inches by three feet ?' — 'Yes.' 'We will go on to Lady Gauut lett's bed-chamber, if you please,' said tho Inspeotor. Arrived there, he 'looked both doors, then, pacing about for a few minutes, ho turned to Dootor Campion and said — 'Barker knows Smith's opin ions, Doctor — in faot he is up in the case and all its aspects und peculiarities; but you are not. Only Barker, Isaacs, and myself really know at present what Smith's opinions are. I need scarcely ask that, if I tell you, you will neither speak of now allow yourself to aot upon the information. I know you would have been of more service to ns if you were unbiassed — and the formed judgement of a man like Smith must bias any one — -it has biased me. But at this juncture you mus; know. First of all, Smith is convinced that Sir Lio- nel is dead. , 'Yes,' said Dootor Campion, fixing his clear oyes on the In spector. (To be continued.) 