BARNEY M'DONOUGH'S C0W.| \ — ? — e- ? I A BIG SCRUB RACING STORY ) (By C. Jardyne Paton.) It was pay-day at 'The Bluff,' one of the largest sugar plantations on the Richmond River, All the hands were gathered together . at the homestead awaiting for their pay. The owner, Mr. Hervin, paid promptly and cheerfully, and always treated his ' employays ' (as he termed them) to a stiff glass of liquor on ' dollars ' day. One of the hands, a regular new chum, had been in the place twelve months. He, anxious to learn colonial experience, had engaged for the first year at the princely remuneration of | £20 per year and the 'run of his dover.' Now, when he found himself the happy owner of £15 (the rest had been deducted for clothes, tobacco, etc.. sold by his ' omployerre ' at a bare trifle above cost price), he felt that he was a anrf nf omhrvn millionaire. BS it W6r6« ' £15 odd, an' all ov a hape,' said Barney to himself. ' Whoi, I nivvir was so rich in me loife before. Bedad, then, I'll just ax th' boss how I'll invis me money. I belave there's a dale to be made in cattle now that th' dairyin' . , .* ? ? - -1 ? J ^ inaastory is gom Butmu uu last. Mr. Hervin, on being interrogated as to the safest and most profitable way of investing such a huge sum, laughingly said, ' Oh 1 buy a cow, Barney, as a start towards dairying,' never for a moment dreaming that, his ' employay ' woa'-d start in cattle traffic. Barney thanked his employer for his gratuitous couasel, and withdrew. One of the neighboring « cookies ' did a good thing with Barney, by selling him a cow for £12, which was at least 100 per cent too much. Bursting with pride, Barney betook himself to the homestead to relate how promptly he had followed his master's advice. 1 My good man, you snrely didn't be lieve I was in earnest 1' ' Oh ! yis sirr \ I quite belaved yer worrd,' said Barney, with an uneasy feel ing that he had bsen too precipitate al together. ' Weil, Barney a horse would suit you you much better, I'll make a deal for yon— if you like,' said the boss of The Bluff. Barney respectfully refused to accept the offer. He thought he would play a lone hand this time. He soon in formed some of the neighboring cockies and butter-splasbers thet be wanted a horse for a good cow, that had cost bim ' iviry penny of £12.' Then Johnnie MoFadden offered to let Barney take his pick out of a mob of twenty unbroken horses in one of his riverside paddocks, Barney carefully explained that he wanted to have ' the choosin' av the baste all to himself.' nni'fa n n- rannltln firsfth A UAUrOUUOU ? ? plan simplified matters. On the day ap pointed, Barney went over to '? Gundal bimba' (McFadden's abode). ' Give me a quid, Barney,' said one of the boundary-riders, ' and I'll pick the best blanky moke in tbe.blanky lot.' 'Git away, ye omadhaun 1 D'ye think Barney M'Donough don't know a good honist baste when he sees him ?' said Barney with a most knowing air. '? You'll be had bad, Barney — as sure as eggs is eggs.' J ' Open bis month and count bis ieetb, Barney, before ye buy,' ' Take care that Johnnie don't trade off a steer on you, Barney, old flick.' So the hands poked borak at the in nocent son of Erin. Barney was im pervious to all such badinage. He had made up his mind to Bilence the scoffers by picking the best horse. He walked about w;th one eye abut ; pointed out imaginary defects by design and real defeots by acoident. Fina ly he ' tuk his ohice.' And the hilarity of the small erowd was mosi pro. noucced. Barney's chice was a big, raw boned chestnut colt, about the ugliest and unlikeliest animal of the mob. Bill Tyler, the local wit, dnbbed the colt, ' Barney McDonough's Cow ' : and the name tickled the fancy of the bystanders (who mostly sat on rails, by the way) so mntih that it was universally adopted. Johnny M'Fadden offered to break the oolt in. Barney was to come in a week's time. Of course, every hand about the place rolled up to see Barney witch the world with noble horseman ship. One of the jouseabouts slyly stuck a good- sized quartz nugget under the saddle ; so that Barney's first ride lasted for about 10 seconds ; then he went soaring t\ea,vei»wards, only to come down In a tangled, disheartened heap. Some body suggested Owt Johnny M'Eadden Wff,?. reoj/.pniWe for tbe awfully placed pebble, ju'. nny drew himself up stiffly, apd remarked — 'If you was bnything but a blanky ijit you'd k5dw that I nnsVe jokes ' (here he paused to give a fearful emphasis to tbe remainder of hi.o observation^, 'i aon c play 'am like some blanky jackasses.' It was unanimously agreed that Johnnie was innocent of any knowledge of the nugeret. 'Yo must break him i:i entirely, Johnnie,' said Barney. So ' The Cow' was thoroughly broken in. Barney had made pleasant trips o$ mm. ne was uiu prouueeii uiuu uu mc River on Sundays, for then he rode his moke all over the place. , One day it struck him a3 necessary that tho horse should have a name. 'I'll give th' baste a dacent name.- I'll call him after th' blessed pathriot, Robert Immett,' thought Barney. Nobody save Barney ever spoke of the horse as Robert Emmett. Far and wide he was called 'Barney M'Donohogh's Cow.' In two years tho horse filled out wonderfully, but he was as ugly as of old. One Chrisimastide one of the Bar harbor ' sports' got up a grand race meeting. The prizes were remarkably liberal. The Barharbor Handicap of 40 8ovb and the Maidon Plate of 25 sovs were the chief items. It struck Bi 1 Tylor that he could knock out morn fun I if ho could only persuade Barney M'Donough to enter Robert Emmutt for tbe Maiden Plate. Barney was a bit ; \- tanks# when tho insidious propoBol waB made to him, and he willingly con sented. What fun the sports bad when they beard of Tyler's successful ctrategy. Johnny M'Fadden determined to make a joke. He interviewed Barney. ' Is it trne that you have a book on the races, Barney ?' he innocently asked. ' Phat's a book on the races at all, at all?' said Barney. ' Why, a book for making wagers, of course.' ' Oh 1 th' devil a wan I'll make. I do be thinkin' me good money has gone already in interies.' 'Not at all, Barney, old flick. You'll scoop the bloomin' pool with that noble animal, Robert Emmett.' 'D'ye honistly think I've got the ghost ov a show, Johnnie,' ' - ' my colonial oatn. X ou ve got a sole snap Barney.' ' Go 'long wid ye, Johnnie. It's only pullin' me leg, ye are.' 'No, I ain't Barney. You're on vel vet right enough,' Race day came, and Barney was re solved before the first race that nothing would do him bnt he must ride Robert . Emmett in the Maiden Plate. Six. horses accepted. When Barney did his preliminary canter the crowd roared again. It was funnier than the Chinese Derby at Cooktown. Barnev. however, didn't Ream tn Hn such a mug on a horse as he bad been. Ridiculous odds were laid against | Robeit Emmett, especially by tbe'Lis more and Grafton bookies. George - Henson quietly took all the money he could, 'What on earth are ye up to?' asked Bil Taylor. ' Why, you d ? d goat, Barney's moke ain't got a hundred to one Bhow, unless the others fall several times each. You're balmy.' Parh'nna I Toronto tn ah a \- uuq Tvaa iuu much for me. I couldn't help taking a few wagers on the off chance,'' said Henson. Bill Tyler was too disgusted to repiy. He went and had a ' Jimmie Woodser' * for satisfaction. The race was a mere- procession. Robert Emmett took the lead at the start and ran home an easy winner by ten lengths. None of the jockB troubled to watch Barney M'Donough'a moke, They felt certain he would soon shoot his bolt, and while they cunningly waited on eaoh other, Barney stole a march on them. ' The race was tbrowa away,' was the general opinion, and those who had laid against the winning horse were only too eager to get back their stuff and a bit over ; and so they laid heavily against Robert Emmett for the Bar harbour Handicap, the big race. Barner soon got gloriously flooded afier his win in the Maiden Plate. Of course, the cute di vision thought he would ride bis horsein the big race. George Henson was too smart foijthem. He engaged a jockey who had been knocking about tbe distiict for some time and la.d him £20 to nothing about the race. When the horse came out for the event of tbe day tbe bookiesi and others were a bit surprised to see a strange juckey up. Still, they felfe nrottv safe. No and hnliflvorl th.* u Dow' Jcould gallop. After a clever'/y. ridden race, tbe Btrange jockey landed him a comfortable winner, Berney and George won £65 in stakes and about £150 in wagers. The wholn affair was a cruel take-down for the cute ones. Here was a nag that they had seen hundreds of times. A local man had raised him ; a new-chum galoot owned bim— yet that galoot hud just swept the board, By-nnd- bye the truth came out. It was sysnplicity itself. Robert Emmeit's »peed had been discovered by accident. George Henson and Baruey were out riding one day on the North Beach, and the former, who was monnted on a very speedy hack, laughingly said to the latter— ' I'll give you a hundred yards' start and race you to the Postmen's Gap (about a mile). Barney agreed, and, to Kin Afltnniflhrrmnf Ko aimnin 1^*4 l: ? ? ? ? mtT ? ? 1 'uou ui» rJYBU The nags were tried Beveral times on the quiet ; and it was found the ngly brute was quite a flyer, and a plucky 'an to boot. George Henson trained Robert Emmett at his place, and it was deter mined to have him entered somehow for the Maiden Plate and Barharbor Han dicap. Bill Tyler made tHe matter of entry for these races, very easy, He and Johnny McFadden lost about £50 be tween thena. Johnny was sore over defeat for a long time. He useii to speak of the ga'lant and speedy Robert Emmett as — ' a gory, ugly old cow, wot wasn't fit to feed the orow^ on.' Barney invested bi$ winnings in a dairy farm, and iij now a prosperous butter-splasher, u The Cow ' has never raced Binoe that memorable meet* ingn 'Ho,' said Barbey, when pressed to make a racer of his horse, *» Robert Emmet' has an unbroken record, and. I intind for to kape it. Besides, I promised Father Minnis that I'd nivvir. race again — an' I won't 1' And he didn't.—' Lismore Chroafeft;,' 