MISS MAUD MACCARTHY. Miss Maud MacCarthy, who will shortly arrive In Sydney, has within tho last few days been heralded by the issue of a pamphlet of London press notices, containing also a brief review of tho gifted young violinist s career irom mo in fantile period of her musical education under Miss Pcdloy, in Sydnoy, to her last appearances in London and America, which have been re corded from time to time in this coluinu. Throughout the press notices have been wurmly and uniformly eulogistic. The compiler of the pamphlet pays a tribute to the high critical standards of tho London press, "usually so cold iu its criticism of even the greatest, artists," but. which has "unreservedly given such lavish and enthusiastic praise to tho young Irish-Aus tralian violinist." Generally speaking, one is not so sure of tho authoritative characteristics of tho London press critics. Their ranks contain many trained men who are ready enough to turn a keen attention to a now work, but as regards executants often show none of that salutary severity towards mediocre performances that would justify the ue of the words "great criti cal authority " Miss MaeCarthy's manager uses. At times artists have come to Australia by no means up to tho standard their industriously cir culated London notices have led us to expect. Tills has especially been the ease with singers. But then critics are only human, and it may bo they sometimes forgot the advice in Eeclo- siaatcs: "Use not much the company of a woman Hint is a singer, lest thou be taken with her attempts." PADEREWSKI. Padcrcwskl wan married to Mme. Hclenc, Ba roness ot Rosen, at tho Church or tho Holy Ghost, Warsaw, on May 31, ns will bo seen from tho accompanying wedding card: — The famous pianist sails from Europe for his fourth American tour on November 27. His first recital will he given in New York. Ho will wit ness tho flrst production of his grand opera in Dresden before leaving. It will be remembered the arrangements have been mnde tor nn Aus tralian tour by Paderowsld early next year. 