DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL. "The King's Musketeer" makes its first ap pearance in Sydney to-night. Gilbert and Sullivan's comic opera,. "H.M.S. Pinafore," • is undergoing a pro nounced revival in London at present. . , Our recent- visitor, lUiss Ailela Verne, the accomplished young pianist, has been giving 'si' successfulscries-of-Kvitais-iu--London. llavry Uickar&s; himsolT is: leaving jfor : Europe and America v.-ith a view of securing ! tlio hif-cyt novelties fur Melbourne Bijou and s Sydney Tivoli. • j Madame Aibani, the Canadian prima j donna, has returned to England from South j Africa. At her first- concert in London.she ! was assisted by the baritone. Santlcv. • T»i«a distinguished coJitinentaJ violinists j have.been, visiting .EiigKind, viz.. Ysayo. the | Belgian, and -" Bara'sate, the wonderful j Spaniard. ' Ilolloway and Anderson arc striking rich patches in both Sydney and Adelaide. In the Ilarbor City "Our Native Home" is scoring a decided success, while "When London Sleeps," etc., is triumphing in the western city. "A Trip to Chinatown" opens at the Prin cess, Melbourne, to-night. The cast includes Mr. "Wallace Brownlow and Miss Carrie Moore. The latter plays the part of Flirt, the role in which the late Miss Sadie M'Donald was so successful on a previous trip. Hiss Clarice Malvon, a very clever 13al larat young lady, who has been a familiar figure and successful coinpcl.it.nr at the Austral, Bendigo, and South-street, B.U'.arat, competi tions, has secured an engagement with Messrs. Williamson and Mnsgrove. Miss Malvon attaches herself to the King's Musketeer Com pany in Sydney, and \uii undertake the con genial role of Gabiieile. Bland Holt is also making a change at the Royal to-night, "Straight i'rom the Heart" being replaced by another drama of the sen sational order, entitled "The War of Wealth." This play will probably end Bland Holt's season at'the Itoyal. Holloway and Anderson follow with a melodramatic repertoire. M". Jean de Tfeske. the famous Polish tenor, who on her Majesty's birthday assisted : in the performance 01 an abbreviated version of Wagner's "Lohengrin" at Windsor Castle, has been invested by the. Queen with the lfoyal Victoria Order of the Fomth Class. The only other musicians! on whom a similar ! distinction has been conferred are Sir Arthur Sullivan and Siguor Tost;. Mr. Podda Perry, the phenomenal male alto' from Bendigo, is maintaining-his reputa tion at the Is ewburv-Spada "pops" in Syd ney. His latest success is a duct with Ma dame Spada—Mendelssohn's "O wert- Thou in the Cauld Blast." In this concert Walter Bentley made a great hit with his "Cantilla tions" or recitations with organ efforts. Fricdenthal has also appeared in conjunction with the. company. Wc-have received from Messrs. Williamson and Musgrove one of the souvenirs of "The King's Musketeer." The little brochure is. exceedingly interesting, even as a literary production.. It is interspersed with photos, of the principal scenes and characters in the play, arranged ill an artistic manner. A' capital flashlight photo, of the. auditorium of the. Princess's Theatre is by no means the least interesting item. The lctierpress is the work of Mr. John Sondes, of Melbourne. As a reminder of the famous historical play, this little work well fulfils its mission. Miss Lilian Devlin, an Australian soprano, who has studied in Europe, and who includes amongst her teachers Madame Blanche Mar chess, made her first appearance in London at a concert in St. James' ILill recently, which was largely attended. The new comer was first heard in Cliiniene's air, "Pleurez nies Ycux," from Massenet's opera, "Le Cid." in which she exhibited a well trained, though, perhaps, not too powerful voice. Miss Devlin also sang Mozart's "Yoi chc sapetc" and Tosti's "Good-bye." The concert giver had the assistance of her compatriot, Miss Ada Crosslcy. According to a London paper, Padcrewski was married on 31st May with the utmost secrecy to Miss Helen Rosen. at the Church of the Holy Ghost, Warsaw. Padcrewski's domestic life has not tip to the present been one of sunshine. When still a youth he'.fell in. love with a beautiful Polish maiden, 'whom ho married. Soon after the birth -ot her son she died. One of the .great clouds of the eminent pianist's life has been the reflec tion, that Iter death was., perhaps, hastened by his inability to procure proper sustenance for her. Padcrewski's genius was at that time unrecognised, and the young couple were liv ing in a state of poverty. The son._though he survived, is a cripple. It is said that no thing appeals to Padcrewski more than kind ness to his unfortunate son, and more than one has earned his life-long gratitude in this manner. Though he is now secure from any further monetary wants, his earlier trials have left their mark on him, and made him the impassioned man he is. Sarasate, the Spanish violinist, who-haw been paying a flying visit to England, was born in Pampeluna, Navarre. Spain, in ISi-i. although his now white-haired locks give him an older but unmistakably hand sumo appearance. As a child Sarasate was brought from Spain to France, and 011 Isr. January, 1S56, before he was lii years of age, he entered the Paris Conservatoire, where he became a pupil of Alard, gaining in the fol lowing year first prize ior violin playing. Sarasate is a player of great purity and sweet ness of tone, absolutely perfect, intonation, and marvellously refined and brilliant execu tion. These, indeed, are hi.-; chief characteristics, and although he has en deavored from time to time to increase- his repertory by the inclusion of worksi by Bach and other classical masters, it is .in composi tions of the brilliant school, and particularly in his own Spanish dances, and pieces of virtuosity, that his audience best appreciates him. Mark Twain once wrote that next to a calf chewing a dish-clotli recommend him for self-consciousness to an amateur tenor. The intelligent foreigner will probably laugh at the idea, essentially ono of a nation of shopkeepers, that eminent tenors can be bred and trained for money. The idea seems, however, to have firmly seized one of the wealthiest members of the Corporation of London, who is an ent-husiastical lover of tlio tenor voice, and who has just deposited a large sum in the hands of the committee of the Guildhall School of Mines for the ptir poso of the discovery and training of real tenor voices. Whether the school authorities are expected to offer a reward for the dis covery of budding tenors it is not clear, but if tliev do, the time of Mr. Cummings, the principal, will probably be fully occupied for many weeks to come. The truth, of course, is—although the wealthy city man accus tomed t-o purchase anything for money can not perhaps quite grasp the truth—that for many years the search for tenors has been vigorously prosecuted by experts in all parts of the globe. If a first-rate tenor voice had at gsy tame been, offered to the Itoyal Act^ demy or the Eoyal College of Music, there never would have teen the slightest difficulty about the fees, for either scliool'would liav'o been, only too happy to have, taken the pupil for nothing. Also any impresario take any such rara avis, and have him -edu cated on the bare chance of the money lie would make, and the standing it would give tlio manager. Still, the proposal is well in tended, and there is, of course, always tlio chance of a first-rate voice turning up. Ono of our most respected concert tenors was dis covered in (of the most unlikely places in the world) the reporters' box of 1I10 C'iiy of London Court. Sarah Bernhardt, in her memoirs, declares that before she went on to the stage she .wished to be a nun. Her god-fatlicr wanted to put her in a millinery shop, but other coun sels prevailed, and as she says, "I was not ugly, and I had what is better, namely, a sweet voice and beautiful teeth, so that I could smile." Her early struggles as an actress arc interesting. On one ocec.°.i-on she says— "When I-was called .upon. I w£C fright^?/:!.,, and I felt a strong desire to run away. I went "into'the-room more dead than alive. All around, a large table sat- several gentle men, talking and arguing. I looked round among those who wore facing me in search of someone to inspire me with confidence. Tears filled my eyes, and only a gentle look of Camille Domet gave me a little courage. I began the fable, and I went through it in one breath.' "Little, one,' said Auber, 'do you know anything elser' 'Yes,' I replied, 'I know the scene front Agues, but not too well." 'Well, recite what you know.' When 1 had concluded and about to leave the room Auber turned to the other gentlemen: and ■ said. 'She's a very nice little girl.' Another I cfcntleinau said, *1 will tnko her in my class I r.nd make something of her." The speaker was ?d. Provost. T kissed him and ran away, very haw.-. I was accented.'" 