? - ENTERTAINMENTS. THEATRES. &c.; At first sight one finds it difficult to dis-1 cover any relativity between the author of | the "Divina Commedia'' and the gentle- ] man who produces bouquets of flowers out J of a sheet of blotting-paper and billiard balls out of the tips of his fingers. But when Tennyson speaks of "Dan Chaucer, that sweet warbler," he refers to "the j magic of his art," and the same expres sion uiay fairly be used of the great, 'Florentine whose name has been adopted by the conjuror ?who opened a season at tft. George's Hall on Saturday last. If a poet is a magician surely it is allowable for b magician to take the name of a poet. Perhaps it was by a piece of jugglery of that kind that Dante the conjuror bor rowed the name of the great poet, with as much sangfroid as he would borrow a hat irom an old gentleman iu the audience. Daute the conjuror has a Beatrice in Mademoiselle Edmunda, an attractive lady, who maiie her appearance on the stage at Mt. George's Hall as mysteriously as her prototype, when that beauteous lady ap peared to Dante in Paradise, and who dis sippeared with equal rapidity. Mademoi bdle Edmunda has a startliug habit of j pelting into a light wire cage ou the plat- j jorm and vanishing from view while the j t*yes of the audience are upon her. She j has also a way of stepping into a species u£ open-work meat- safe, and going off by spontaneous combustion in a cloud of lire | and smoke, to re-arise presently like Pbcenix, resplendent in glorious plumage. But Mademoiselle can not only appear and vanish with a suddenness that would bring a blu*=li to the cheek of the ghost of Hamlet's father, but she can also bicycle about in the air with an utter indifference to her upright position, and is quite much at home when she is pedalling head downwards and feet upwards, as she is when she is in the ordinary attitude of the cyclist. After a performance of that kind one looked on with languid wonder while hhe sat blindfolded ou the stage and added up figures which persons In the audience wrote upon a slate, though she did the work as expeditiously and accurately as a ledger-keeper with all his eyes about him. There is nothing of the old-fashioned conjuror about Dante. The magician of our childhood was an oily person, with a voluminous dress-coat, in the tails of which a bowl full of goldfish could be readily concealed, and trousers of such ample di mensions that a couple of dozen pigeons might roost comfortably in the legs thereof. Dante, on the contrary, wears a well-fitting dress-coat of fashionable cut, and his leg6 are encased in knee-breeches and black silk stockings of unwrinkled tightness. ltj would be difficult for Dante to secrete marble about his clothes without a tell-1 tale bulge being apparent, and as he keeps j lii« coat sleeves tucked up to his elbows: ail the time it is evident that he does not rely upon that place of concealment, which is so useful to amateur conjurors. With all these apparent disadvantages he fairly took the senses of the audience by storm. Jlis sleight of hand is so clean, so quick, to subtle, that one is lost in bewilderment, and his "palming" is the "dernier cri" in that useful ail. If Dante were to devote himself to practising with spurious "thick uns" and notes of the Provincial Bank round the suburbs on Saturday nights he could hardly fail to realise a modest com petence in a very short period, but although he believes in the maxim of "populus vult decipi," he likes to let the deception be taken voluutarily. llis performance of the box trick, which was brought to a high btate of efficiency by Maskelyne and Cooke, at the Egyptian-hall, is marked by a con spicuous advance upon the older version. In the trick as formerly performed the operator took several minutes to emerge from the locked and corded trunk, and when he did emerge' was always terribly distressed. But in Dante's feat there are t wo boxes, one of which is placed inside the other, and the peculiarity of the trick lies in the fact that a man tied in the sack jn the inner box is discovered standing up outside, while his companion, who pre viously stood guard over him, is found securely fastened iu the inside box. More over, this transmigration is accomplished in a few seconds. Dante did one or two rard tricks which are the property of every conjuror, and also one or two tricks with coins, but by far the larger part of his capital programme was as fresh as it was clever. There is no doubt whatever that Mr. Blaud Holt's production of "Woman and Wine" at the Theatre lloyal has caught the popular taste, and that it has achieved this result not from any brilliancy of a literary | Jiind, nor from any specially powerful act ing, hnt from the spirited and realistic man ner in which the stage pictures have been presented. Mr. Bland Holt himself as a married man in an Kton jacket and trou pers several sizes too small for him is a perennial source of amusement to that con siderable proportion of patrons of melo drama who regard the low comedian as by far the roofit important member of the com pany. In fact, it may be Baid that with a .gjjipd'jow comedy part, in which, there is "nW%4jf "fat," a eteeplecbasing scene car [ 6tit by experts In a. thrillingly convinc £^anrie#<and a decent thread of renti- { which to bang the inci g66d iiiSodrama, from a business be produced without no "difficulty in at, jjJ^timre, and '$?&' WgnJficenHy '.&. Jhas performance, patchy in places, but bright,] lively, and amusing enough as a spectacular! trifle, which one should not take too J seriously. Since Mr. Coventry got to work upon the "book" the production plays more closely, and there is even an approach to coherence about it, which was quite absent from the original representation. Mr. Girard, Miss Hepner, Miss Louise Royce, and Miss Belle Bucklin work hard to make the piece a success, but they are severely handicapped by some of the other members of the company. Mr. Uany Rickards announces the last night6 in Australia of Miss Peggy Pryde, who is probably the most successful im portation that the enterprising manager has ever made. Miss Peggy Pryde has been appearing at the Bijou before enthusiastic audiences, and she formed one of the large company of artistes who gave their <ser vices gratuitously for a benefit performance to Miss Pattie Browne on Wednesday last. Mr. Wallace Brownlow, Dante (the con juror), Mr. G. C. Deane, Mr. Cathcart, Mr. All>ert Bellman, Mr. Travis (.the ventrilo quist), Mr. Horace Wheatlev, and Mr. Rickards himself were among the male per formers, while the ladies included, in addi tion to the beneficiaire and Miss Peggy Pryde, Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis, Miss Noni Rickards, Miss Lottie Moore, Miss Olive D'Elroy, and many other favourites. The matinee was well attended, and every visi tor was presented with an autographed por trait of Miss Pattie Brownie. At the Alexandra Theatre Mr. Duncan Macallum lias been staging "Waiting for the Verdict"' during the week. On Satur day night Mr. Grattan Riggs is billed to re-appear in his favourite part of Conn the [Shaughraun. M Ell CUT 10. « DRAMATIC NOTES. " The Geisha'' is now in its eleventh week at Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, and the house is still crowded nightly. On Satur day last "The Geisha's Reverie," a new song by Mr. Sydney Braev, was introduced into the first act bv Miss Perry. It was warmlv applauded. The song was sung in Mel bourne in the third act as a variant to the "Jewel of Asia." Mr.Broueli has taken off "Madame Sans Geno" at the Theatre Royal, Sydney, and I Ima staged "I^ord and Lady Alev.'' "i he last nights of "Othello, one of the most successful Shakespearian productions ever given in Sydney, p.re announced. Mr. George Hignold will make his next appear ance as l-'alfctaff, in "The Merry Wives of Windsor." Mr. Henry Jewett, a native of Tasmania, has made a hit as "John Storm/' in Hall Caine's drama, "The Christian," which was recently presented at the Boston Museum Theatre. The Boston "Herald"' writes of him:-"Mr. Henry Jewett, as John Storm, win one of the greatest successes scored litre for inanv years as au actor. The part suits him, and lie fits the part. The very qualities which militated against his success in other leading roles enabled him to win a signal victory in this. He understands the role thoroughly, and plays it with rare dignity and great strength and moving in tensity. The house rose for him after the ^reat scene of the plav, in which the dis tracted priest attempts the life of tlie woman he loves." Miss Alma Stanley died in London on March 0 from an affection of the throat. She ha-1 been playing the part of prin cipal boy in the Christmas pantomime "Ciuderella," at the Grand Theatre, Ply mouth. Miss Stanley was a well-known performer on the dramatic, burlesque, and music-hall stage. It was recently announced by cable that Mr. Henry Irving had appeared with great success as Robespierre, in Sardou's great drama of that name. The play was rendered into English by Air. Laurence Irving, who also took the small part of Lallien, one of the members of the convention. Mr. KyrJe Bellew was cast for the part of Olivier, son of Robespierre. A curious circumstance in connection with the production is that Mr. Charles CartM-right, who, it will be remem bered, recently visited Melbourne with a comedy company, produced at the Pavilion, St. Leonard's, a new drama, in five acts, en titled "Robespierre." This step was taken by Mr. Cartwright, the author, merely with the view of protecting himself from any pos sible eharee of plagiarism in the future. Mr. Carl wright completed his play two yeans ago. The veteran actress Mrs. Keeley died at her residence in Brompton, London, on March 12, at the age of 93 years. She en joyed good health until just before her death, when she woe attacked by. influenza, and was earned oft by pneumonia super vening. fihe was born at Ipswich in 1805, her.maiden name being Mary Anne Go ward, and sang in public for the first time at the age of 13. Her father was a brazier and tin man, and kept an ironmongery shop next door to the Ipswich Theatre, and she used to pass much of her time when a toddling mite behind the scsaes. She made her first appearance in opera as Rosina, in the opera of that name. Having married Mr. Keeley, ?.vho was tlien playing at the Lyceum, she played for several years with him at Covent Garden and the old' Opera-house under the Kemble and Arnold managements. She had a phenomenally long and successful career in the drama, and on her 90lh birth day she appeared on the Lyceum stage be fore her many admirers. Miss Mabel Lane, who will be remem bered well in Melbourne, is now appearing at the Shalcespeare Theatre, London, in "'ilio Blind Witness," a sensational melo drama of an exciting kind. She sustains a leading role, and is supported by Miss Entile Grattan, Mr. Sydney Harcourt, and Mr. Charles Weir. Pinero's graceful comedy, "Trelawney of the Wells, lias had a fine run here or 129 nights (writes our New York correspondent on March 1.7), and the Australian friends of Miss Hilda Spong, who came over front London to take one of the leading parte, will be glad to know that she has made an excellent impression in New York as a conscientious actress of exceptional ability. 'Trelawney" has now been followed at the Lyceum by a new American comedy, in which her woife lias pleased the critics, who commend its sincerity and force. The opening sale of seats in San Francisco last week for the Melba season of opera amounted to 65,000dol., which surpassed all previous records there. Mr. Durwood Lely, the Scottish enter tainer, who was in Melbourne last year, has been giving a Glasgow newspaper a few. of his experiences ill -the colonies. It ap pears that the popular - tenor was m Duuedin when the American-Spanish war broke out,- and hiu manager, Mr. R. f3. Hniythe, thought it would lie a good idea Jtc -introduce the American National, Awlhern into the programme. So for several. ^veriinge "The Star-spangled |iMtoer" 'cited as much enthusisam as "AuKl Lang Syne." Having received some expostu latory letters on the subject, one of them from a Scottish lassie, who said she was half Spanish, and who thought it wrong of a public singer to excite bloodthirsty senti ments in his audiences, Mr. Lely said one day. to his manager, "Look here, do you think this sort of thing is safe? If eoute of the Spanish sailors about the wharves take me unaware?, you will lind yourself some fine night without your tenor." "I don't think there's much chance of that,'' replied his imperturbable manager, "but if I could arrange to have you stabbed in the back-not jnortally, you know; a little wound would be "enough- you would draw bigger audiences than ever, and when you got back to America vou would be kissed all ovel" the States, lilce Lieutenant Hob erkfi " 