HE WAS HAUNTED. -:0o usms'saghost has been laid, to the regret of who have oherished him as a winter story 4e fireside. le is nolongerbelleved to sit p of a three-rail fence as a clue to the dis Sryo! hbs bones In a stagnant pool. But h man in the Glebe, Sydney, who was ated by a speetre whioh never left him. It with him as he eat all day mending shoes, Ito the dark and silent watohes of the night dulng to him, and he began to look nupon it as eanil part of himself ustil his time would \- to enter the spirit land. It was a grim horrible experience, and all his days and his were spent in trying tb solve the enigma presence, and the way that he sould lay t they had laid Fiseber's ghost. The worst the matter was that it was invisible to all .himsel?t; he was worse than haunted, it red him, for this spectre loved to give pain. At length the means were given him free himself of its bateful presenSe, and desoribes his last fight with it to our ntative who waited upon him at 86 g-road, Glebe:-" For the past eight U- said Mr. Win. Burke, shoemaker, "I e ndured very muoh from onaltpatiosn and Sao medicine seemed to do me good. At ht cold not sleep, and by day I was too -y to do my work. Nothing I took could wne of pain, until I tries Dr. Morse's Indian Pills, and now I can say that they are the remedy I have ever known, as they do not or weaken, and yet do all that is said of a. I m a better man to-day than I have for years. It is a-grand oure." Dr. -ses's Indian Dot Pills sure nsch eases. are a positive sure for liver ailments, sick hen, biliousness, indigestion, dyspepsia, tipatlon, fooul breath, sallow complexione, a perfdeet blood purifier, eoring eo?sema, *ples, blotches, sand all skin diseases. As a an's best friend they stand alone. Sold by tets and storekeepers, price 1s. 3d. per ile. Australian Branch of the W. H. Com Seok Co., Ltd., 68 Pitt-street, Sydney, N.8.W. ;1&wtholesale; in Queensland by Messers. Ilot Bros., Ltd., Brisbane. Easoh bottle has leoll name blown thereon, and the wrapper et the signature of Win. H. Oomtooek. avoid esubstitutes, and see that you get the bantns. 