[?] r, -iTS ? cricket dlBputo,' after a great deal I of talk, nownpapor and otherwlw. Wble with roaard to our Molboumo coub £b, but wo would remark thai it In nr, ex tremely peculiar -clrcumBtanco that, wMlo they are partial (o a alniilar match In Mel bourne, they fall to ego tlio utility of tho ? Sydney watch, if certain Melbourne p ay em are prepared to forego a game wlild will probably bring them In £100 net each, tho public la thoroughly Justined In assum ins mat Doneaiu uiu »ui»»w~ — - — othor Influence at work. ? o « ? In cricketing c-irclca In Sydney tb°inattor hm. becu freely dlneiiBBod, i «d » '?'* opinion of many that some of the Melbourne players disfavor the match because In 1898 ; a public outcry was made against tho i In - !. elusion of Johns and the cxcIub on of Kelly and Hill from tho Australian Eleven. Ami ohould any particular failure amongst the alrwdy selected tako place. It In now feared . ttat there might bo a public «Jcmonstratlon ngnlnst tho player- But wo do not think tUoro li. any justification for ouch an nn Mimptlon. ' the Sydney people clamoured for tho inclusion of Trumper. or anyono else, thoy will, we oro qulto sure, not do bo for the purpoao of oxcludlng any of tho aelectod ones. o » ? ? Boneath al! thin, howover, there i la an other buttle bolng fought. It la too ween the Now South Walca Cricket Asasoclatlon and the Melbourne O.C. It 1b not an open battle, it Ib not oven acknowledged an a battle, but all tho mime It m a Btlff, otern battle, nnd wo 'believe that, no tar na tho Now South Wale. Cricket AiMOclutlon la concerned. It will be an unyielding battle. The M C 0. hair dwarfed tho Victorian An soclatlon. It has, no far frultleanly, onucav ouro-l to burnt the Australasian Cricket Council, and tho lion In lto path o the domination of Australian cricket la tho Association of this colony. And In the In terests of cricket It Is to be devoutly hoped thnt the Ilou will eontlnuo to hold the path. o * ? * Clipped from a Melbourne papor :— ' On Saturday afternoon Major Wardlll received a telegram from Mr. Jameo M'Laughl n (vloo-prcBldent of tho M.C.C.). who la In Sydney, an follown : ' ImpresBlou Here that Victorians do not want to play In Sydney. Bollevo trustcoa1 power dead. Think I could reinstate 3rd March match If you wish.1 * ♦ ? ♦ On Saturday afternoon Mr. M'UaUtfhlln was out at the Wavorlcy Oval In the com pany of Mouara. Philip Sheridan and John Portna. The telegram waa Bunt earlier In tho day. ' JU'llovo truHtoos' power dead.' MalcoB funny reading Tho trustees' power to back up tho Melbourne Club may bo aoad,. not through any woaknesa In the ar tillery of tho truateeu, but through flhocr lack of dcelro to back up a foreign body ngatnst that which should hnvo control of tho game In Sydney. * » ? ? Harold Iflvera hnn a very bad thumb, tho remilt of a knock HUBtnincd whllnt talcing tho fmit bowling of Manfu at Lclohliardt. Tin; linger la iiovoroly awollou. - * * ? ? We have to express our aympnthy.wlth Mr. Loo Abrams'ln lilu aldormanlo dofcatat tho Olebo. The fact of hla being oxaldor innn Abrama will not caimo him to nbato lila offortti to bvlnB out Glcbo crlelteters ' no tho' nnal wlnnoro of tho Hordorn Shield o fow yours hence. Tho Trustees of tho Sydney Cricket Ground Jiavc very gonoroimly donated a nii»n of ton RUlnoaa towarda tho Charles Uanuonnan testimonial. They have also Blvon tho ground froo of chnrgo for tho nrouent mutch. Tho Cricket Aonoclatlon ? Will no iloubt follow thin splendid ocamplo, and conic down with a ehoque of handsome proportions. The Australian lSloven might ?nlKo mako a'IRtio girt out of tho proceeds of the Sydney toat match. 6 * * * The ' cricket dispute' uorvoa at loast ono good purpoao, Innntnueh aa It advertises tho niatcii far and wide, without coat to tho parties moat Interested. Itocoo Atklnn and IQveni exactly douhlod tho South Sydney ocoro for tho fifth wlckot ftt IjQichhardt. It was 03 When thoy bo oamo partnoru, nnd 180 whon Kvora wwi caught at tho wlckota off Woolcott for GB. o » ? ? ? Dr. n. J. I'opo has ft birthday to-day, born Fobrunry 18, 1801. Tho doctor playod for Now South Walon a&srinut; Victoria In 188-1-D, hla oponlnff ocora being a inorry 47 on' tho Melbourne around agalnnt Pal jnor, rirune?, «nd Co. In thoao dayn ho waa « Syduoy Unlvornlty colt. Frank Wnltora' ro-appniiranoo In tho ?I South Bydnoy tonm at I^olohharflt waa full I ot liven, Mo got IB iwktf, UHtlns thun ; ? ?1 1MG51. Brief, brlKht, .boundary iJlttlug. 1 It waa not thvouith ««y fault ot W. Btub J bliui thivt l/alclihardt tnlu.niuhod over South .1 Sydney. Ho oaptm«-l 4 for 51 nnd carried I lilu bat out for Z\\\\. ;|, *? » * II Rlnnnond and Swan Uoldoil brilliantly for I! X4ololtlit\rdt. TUoy Bnyod na many rmia na 1} on ordinary batmnnn 'inalcoa. it * . ' T ? ? || frolclkhnnU In tiiolt innlnR'a had ?! wlokotu II for 93, South Sydney had 4 davrb lov 145 ; I^jlchhardt had 0 down for 100, South Sydney G down for 207. Tho Lelchnavdt tall, how ever, got moro notches than tho tall of tho South. « ? » o Tho blg,luru-out of crlclcct lovers at lUo Waverley Oval woro treated to an oxcop tlonal display of batting. Good butting, waa anticipated, but. Victor Trumpcr'n ar Uotlo manipulation ot tho willow waa qulto n revelation to many who had not bccti him performing In one of hla big inniuRi). He Boomed to havo tho bowlore Uopelosaly puzzled, bin beautiful strolcca on tho leg Bldo fairly knocking them endwaya, bo to Bpeak. Tula young one did not give tho ghost of a chance, uor did ho mako a falao utroko from start to finish. It waa an ac compllohed Innings of a kind that few men In the world could havo eaualled. Ho seemed to got from tho minimum ot effort tho maximum ot effect, nnd at tho end was as strong and frcah as a colt. Victor Trum per wont to tho wlclcoto unit with A. O. K. for tho flrot wlckot. Ho and M'Dowoll added 67 for tho occond v/lcket. of which Trumper mado 32. Tho thlrd-wlcket part nership with A. C. Banuerman waa ono of 183, Trumpor'B eharo being 120. Ho and Noblo then added 149 for tho fifth wic- , kct without a aoparatlon, Trumper getting over 90, and scoring nearly twice as fast aa his partner. ? ? ? ? In tho course of his 55 not out at Waver ley M. A. Noblo scored a dozen consecu tive singles. 0 * * * The portly S. W. Austin bowling. A sud den roar. 'How's that 1' The umplra lookn uncertain, and then puts his hand up. In token of Allck Danennau'a. exit. Tho llttlo man looks Bternly at tho umplro ana walks off, evidently a victim to a mlotalto. Said an onlooker to a player aftor tlio match: 'Didn't you think Allck Uannerman hit comethlng when ho waa given out ?' 'Yen,' said the player. 'Ah ! I know I wan right,' chuckled tho onlooker. 'You wero, Indued,' responded tho player. i uuuuyu uu mi luu uu iiiuiij u*iiu. « * e » Toward the end of tho play laat Satur day Trumper and Noble scored from uliuost ovcry ball delivered by Pemell and Boll. Tho former pitched them very fjhort, and Trumper took them round to lee with a utrnifjht bat. Twonty-ono consecutive balTo sent- down by tho left- hander wero ncored from thus : 1,1, 1,1, 1.5,1,1,1,1,2,1,5,1,1,1, 1.1,4, 1,1. Tho Rod Torn fellows, on tholr way to Parrnma.Ua on Saturday, wero no happy aa a band of boys out for a holiday. Thoy went off brimful of pleasant anticipation!). On tho way to tho ground they picked up old BUI Howoll, who promised to glvo them no balls out of tho box. But old Bill, usually a man who aotu up to his promiseo, payed them a vllo trlcK on the ground. Ho at once loosened hla arm, an.l bowled away at tho Kedforn follows aa If they wore so many Maclarena. He (tot a suorter through tho defence of I'oiilcvin, ami wound up with tho rattlliiK analyalti ot nix 'for !-2 off 2Gr overs. Rifiltern'a total waa only 132, and iholr dreams ot aucccaa wero Ulna rudely dispelled. ? ? ? » In Farquhar'a 86 In the iiccond Innings of Cumberland lliero wero 1G fourd. Ho and Joo WllBon, who Rot 56 not out, put on 110 for tho second wlckot. North Sydney II. pulled 'bhcmsclroB toge ther very well laat Saturday, .and routed tho enemy. They aro still tho only unbeaten team In the Second drada Computltlon. «? it '? , ? T.I10 Shoromcn vary creditably camo OMt of thdr tunolo with Burwood. Fair bawl likB, well handled by Captain P. C. Chart ton, and backed up by tip-top floldlnK, ;;ot rid of Burwcod for llll, which, on an o:uiy wlckot, may bo written down afl a trlumpli for tho Shoremen's bowlora. GoorRo Bar bour's fi« waa an InnlnRn 'of vopt uso. It la tho third time ho has half-conturlod In ulx tries for Bunvood this neanon, and iu ono of tlio other lnnlnga ho got 25 not out. Burwooil poimcKs lioran i)rotty Good bat'i mon, who, however, fall to 'rcet (Tolns' with anylhlnc approaculnK conalBtcncy. » ? » » Bob narbour hn.'i cipturcd 20 wickets for Burwood to date, and tho coat la but moderate. Ills isoyon for (M aKainat tho Shoruaien Is ono of tho.beat thin[;a doiko In Senior cricket this ucaoou. * « ? . *- Oonalotenoy In not a virtue common to tho batmnen of Durwood, but a fnw ot tho mou poo3caB tho virtue, ono, at leant, H'aiTy .Donnan, In a hlfrh docrco. Slncn the llrat maitcli Inat season ho haa not failed to sot a douhlo llRuro.ror tho ciuu, nis nuquonuo of notc-hlnfia raaltliiR tho follow'lnt; pretty array : 44, 07, 103, 200 not out, 17, 23, 49, 07 not out, 42, 27, 70, 9K. 45, 39 not out, and 25\. ? e ? ? ? The Shoremen aro now rconorally regard ed aa tho team poHsesslns tho bout proa pocta of pu.'ihliiK PaddliiKton for tho pro nilomhlp. Tholr bowline otronRth In com monly looked upon mi weak, and it certain ly la not vory formidable-' upon tho bout clonu of wloketa, tout tho. aide llnldu up ao woll, and tho mon bond to tho will of their captain do rwidlly, 'that It In not nltojiot.hor nn eauy matter to knoolc up runo nRalnst tlioln. To Iiclchhnrat boloiiRU tho honor of havlntt mado tho lilffhoal acoro (S12) Ofralnnt their uowllnfr to dnte, but Cumbor Itk'nd, wltU two wlclteta down for 181, would In nil probability havo nurpanood 'that total liud thoy boon In n poiiltlon to [50 on. I)ur iiiR tho whole of laat nonnon a total of 300 ?wwi only 'thrlco hit up nEalnut the Shore men, Burwood Rotting 323 for nino wlckotn, Wavorloy illl for clffht -wlcltoto, and P»id d'lugton 801- for flvo wloUota. In aaoh of their last four matotKM laat Summer North Sydney exceeded 300, and this year thoy havo dono bo thrice. Porclo Oharlton han bo far dono tho best work with tho ball for tho Shoremen. Ho hns bcon auocessful in gettlnK wlckots without meeting with heavy punishment. Hopkins and Clarke, the former especially, havo also dono vory ?woll; indeed, Hopkins 'has baggod moat wkk.ct.-J to date:— O M. n. W. AvRC. T. C. Clmrlton ... VXI S» 1»3 }J '.80 A. .1. Mopki.H .... Ill 27 aw ' 1S.78 G. It. C. CUrltc .. «» » 2t» li 22-l« « ? ? ♦ Tho real strength of tho Shoremen, how ever lies in their batting. Nearly every man on tjio side la capable of getting a do oont ocore, and about half of them are worth CO runa apleco on a decent wicket. Their Inat four totals this ssason aro 422 (Redfern), 331 (Leluhhardt), 388 for flvo wickets (Central Cumberland), and 234 (Bui-wood). They malvc a nrat-claas ue- ? (luonco, arguing favorably with regard to tho strength of tho batting. Looking up tho figures. I find that In the course of throo uoaaona Albert Hopllna has failed to got double figures on only throo occasions, aud filnco tho first match of lnst Ecauon he haa not once failed. It. A. Uuif and Qulst havo only twlco failed within tho last two fiea Hons. U. A. Duff and Hopkins havo mado a double every try this soaaon, and Quint has failed onco only. Tho principal por formers and tholr performances this season are given hereuuder:— I. N.O. H.3. Hiins. Avg«. W. S. Duff. ? 7 1 ISO *10 09.83 H. A. DiiIT ? 7 1 123 S35 63.83 A. J. Ilopkiim ? 0 0 137 310 01.00 K Uui'it ? 7 0 75 237 33.83 H. UriniUu ? 7 0 78 200 23.60 V. Wado ? 7 1 GO Ml 21.00 ? ? ? ? Tho stock of L/olchbardt la going up with a good old bang. After a run of four do~ foata by powerful adversaries (l'addlngton, Wavorloy, North Sydney, and Cumberland), they havo defeated Daat Sydney and South Sydnoy vory comfortably. Added to this Id tho credit of getting 312 against tho Shore men, and Buffering defeat In that maloh by only 9 runs. Although ho had mot with no bowling success In tho earlier matoho3, E: P. Wooloott performed excellent nervlco With tho toll In tho laot two, besides get ting very uiioful scores. His four for GO on Saturday waa a pretty good performance. Tho Glot-o Won ti double laat Saturday, tho first eleven Just boating Baat Sydnoy, nnd Mia nocond tooan vanciulshlnit Lolch hurdt II. lOlllott nnd Pagan put on 01 nina for tho last wicket, taking tho ocoro fiom 08 to 153. o 6 a B Balmaln havo been successful In threo conoecutlvo matohca, and havo won six of tho laat seven. A. Martin got hla second century (101) at tho oxpouoo of tho Wavor loy bowleni. Ho haa already compiled 408 runa for Balmnln. o «? o o One hundred and fifty-four rums for tho lost wicket Is something out ot tho com mon. Thla number was put on by W. D. Carglll (83 not out) and A. I. Blue (71) for tho Unlvoroity Udorgradiuttca' laBt wlckot against Central Cumberland II. at tho 'Var Hlty Ov«l. You oaunot reckon on having ewt rid of tho Undcrgraduatca until tho tenth baiteman is' on his wiy back to tho pavilion. Carglll and Heden a abort time track also made a strong tonth wlckot stand. „ « « o At leant nine membera of tho Under graduates tciuiu havo oach iicorod over 50 runs In ono lunlnga of a Second Grade match to dato. Which argues a sound bat tlnp' Bldo. W. ^- ueiuuury iua\iu aoc »v»'» M Whlto 117 not out, 112 not, out, and G5; arVocm, 105, 79, and C8 ; Hcdon. 77 not out, 5t and 52 ; Manning, 8;! and 54 ; II. C Ut'lohory, DC, 7C, and GS ; OftrffUl, 83 not out ; Blue, 71 ; and Curtis. 55. Besides, Stephen has got runs comiloteuUy in ovory match. t m W Watta of nedforn, visited Parramatta on Saturday, anticipating a leiilhor- huntlng for the local team. He had been dlmnlsaod on tho flrat day, and did not bother to bring hla cricketing toga ulonff. Anticipations wero not realised, however, and ho had to iro on to tho flold attired In hla ordinary clothefl. Alter a while ho retired for tho purpose of changing hl« trousorn, a local cricketer having kindly ouppllod a piUr. W W on hla reappearance wan a. alcetch. Ho Imi ovldoiitly lined la Bhoo-horn In guld Ing tho garment onto his limbs They flttod ll.ko tlKhtsi. Being doputod to howl, Watto nroacntly rocelvwl a low chanco back, froin j C Wilson, but to otoop abruptly moant a' burstlnu asunder of tho pants, no Watta tried to bond itontly, but did uot got dawn quite far enough, and lout tho chanco. * o ? ? ? At tho Sydnoy Cricltot Oround match this afternoon tho Dnlraalu Premier Coldstroam Hand will perform. » ?» * * Old crickotor Thco. Powoll, of tho Uni voralty and Now South Wuloa olovena, haa been elootod Mayor of Uandwlck. Ho wan vory good on points or order, and otlior obstructlonal taotlc« whon a mombor of tho N.8.W. Cricket Association. Tho Hand u'lck Council is a moaoi in uumu i i»i»»^ It taken a lofty position When Hitting, und Ha debolteo aro never desultory. oo o o In hio'260 not out wero thirty-five1 4'n and a couple of G'b. It will bo an ovorlnoi lnB pity If Trumpor falls to got u placo in tho Auotrnllau Blevun. „ « » ? In tho 'Sunday Tlmwi' to-morrow you will find complete accounlii ot tho matches Now South Wftleo v. The NcKt Elovon, and Victoria v. New Zealand, bealdo a lot ot other important cricketing rosulto. « ♦ ' ? o Redfern II., Hko tho Undergraduates, lvave b-oeri only onco beaten In tho Second Orado. Flnlilne T* cklc.-Hpcclnl norlcn of Bnrtlott'B rclVbrotcd honlin Jimt lnmlctl. Umcni prices at Mirk Slmtnono. llnymarltct nnd Branchcii.* 