CHAPTER XV. By a jJiuBt'EEEB s Hand. R. Iluiold J ohuscu, the muua gcr of the Lynmouth Hotel, was sitting at breakfast on the fol lowing morning when "Williams, the porter of the ertablishmentburst into bis room, his face white and his hands trembling. The manager sprang up alarm. "Good God, Williams!" ho cried, " what has happened?" j"Murder or suicide, sir, I j^jgr don't know 0^ which," gasped < outtbeman, as he sank into a chair. Mr. Johnson turned to a cup board and took out a bottle oE 6piriis, some of which he poured into a teacup, there being no glass in the room, and handed the cup to the porter. "Now, tell me what is wrong, ana don'tsit there staring liko a man that has seen a ghost." "So I have, sir—that is, I've seen worse. I've seen a dead man—a man that was alive and hearty last night no further gone—as you will say yourself, sir, when I tell you his name." "You will drive mo mad, I tliiuk. Can't you speak, you idiot r" shouted the manager, catching the m^n by tbc collar of his coat, as if he wanted to shake the words out of him. "What is it that has happened ? Who is dead ?" " Mr. Mullen, the Irish gentleman." " Good heavens' Are you sure?" "Certain sure, sir. He is always very punctual of coming down to his breakfast; and this morning when it got to nine o'clock and no signs of him, Mathews says to me, 'Run up to No. 79,* Rays he, 'and ask Mr. Mullen if he wants his breakfast kept for him till Doomsday,' says he. " So I went up to No. 79, and knocks at the door. No answer. I knocked again. Still no answer. Then I tried the handle of the door, and it opened at once. I looked in, and there was he layin' on liis bed as if be was asleep. I spoke to him twice, but be made no answer, and then I went up to him and took him by tbe shoulder, thinking perhaps he had taken a drop too much the night before. But it was the shoulder of a dead inati that I touched. His face is the colour of aslics, and his eves wide open and staring." " Wait here 1" cried the manager, turning and running out of the room. He thought that very likely Mullen was in a fit, and that it might be possible by prompt measures to save his life in spite of the delayi that had occurred. He sprang up the steps three at a time, and reached the door of Mullen's room. It stood wide open, as Williams hud left it. A couple of chambermaids were whispering together at a little distance, and throwing scared glances at No. 79. The raauager went in and shut aud bolted the door. One look at Mullen's face was enough to convince him that tho porter had not been mistaken. The inan on the bed was dead. He had gone to his account. No living face ever looked like that since ineu first came into the world. Mr. Johnson nerved himself to close the staring eyes, and drew a comer of the sheet over the ashy face. Otherwise he did not togch it. Then he took a master key from bis pocket, and went out, locking1 the door after him. After cautioning WiUiams to remain where he was and not to breatho a word of what ha<T happened, under penalty of instant dismissal, he went himself for the doctor. / - The doctor's house was' within five minutes' walk of the hotel; so that hardly a quarter of an hoar hud passed from tho time of .tho alarm being given before the manager entered Mullen's room once more, accompauicd hy the doctor. "Dead, beyond a doubt, poor fellow!" said the doctor in a low tone, when he had turned down the sheet. 44 But what is this? A bullet wound I" He pointed to a round wcund at the side of the dead man's head, jiut behind tho left temple. ) 41 He has been shot, evidently." " Impossible. Dr. Leeson!" exclaimed the manager. 4'If a revolver had been fired in this room, it is inconceivable that some of the people iu the adjoining bedrooms should not have been awakened by tho report." ; "And how do you" know that they were not ? Have you questioned them ?" 44 Not yet. But surely, if anyone had heard a pistol exploding m the night he would have rushed from his room and given the alarm— or at least he would have mentioned it this "The murderer!" said Mr. Jcbnson. 44 Surely you do not mean " 4*"What else could I menu? This was r.o accident," and he pointed to the livid wound on the dead man's temple. 44 I thought he must have committed suicide." 44 Where is the revolver, then ? I don't see such u thing about." They looked for a weapon, but found none. 44 Who was the first to discover this man's death?" asked the doctor, sharply. 44 The hotel porter, Williams—a very steady man. It seems that the poor man"—the manager nodded sideways towards the inani mate thing lying on the bed to Bbow whom he was referring to—44 was usually very punctual at breakfast, and as he did not appear for some time after Ms usual hour, the head waiter asked Williams to step up and sco when Mr. Mullen would be down. The man knocked, and got uc answer, and then peeped iuto the room. Seeing the occupant of the room m bed apparently asleep, he went forward to wake him, and saw that he was dead. Then he rushed down to tell me what he had seen. And as soon as I had seen with my own eves that he was not talking non sense, I went off for you." 44 It is almost certain that death was not due to suicide," reflected the dootor, 44 or the weapon would have been found. And if a murder has been committed, who can have done it? What can hare been his motive? Do you know anyone staying in the bouse that bore a grudge against the deceased?" be added aloud. The manager started. He remembered tho scuffle in the billiard-room the day before. In itself it was nothing; but it certainly showed that a certain animosity existed between the two men. 441 know one gentleman who had a few words with Mr. Mullen last night," said the manager slowly, us though he were weighing hie words before he spoke them. 44 But it is a long way from a hasty word, or even a hot-tempered scuffle, to deliberate, cowardly murder." «• True, said the doctor. 4 And yet—hut I am travelling all this time out of my proper province. You "will send notice at once, I suppose, to the coroner, and I will make an examination of the body. It will V? little el&e; than a formality, for no mtu can doubt what the cause of death has been." After a little more talk about the arrange ments that had to be made, the manager left the doctor to proceed with his examination of the body, and went downstairs. As yet scarcely anyone in the hotel—no one, tn fact, except Williams, who was still sitting in the manager's room, Mr. Johnson, and the doctor—knew of the tragedy that had occurred. The manager logkcd iu at the wide open door of the coffee-room. The room was nearly empty. He beckoned to one of the waiters, a smart-ldoking young man with a head several sizes tco large for his body, and the man came out to him at once. 14You know Mr. Ashley?" Was he at breakfast ?" he said sharply. 441 know him, sir. He had breakfast here, and left the coffee-room not ten minutes ago. Shall I see if he is in the smokeroom sir, or out on the veranda? " 141 wish you would. But don't let him see that anyeno is looking for him." The waiter smiled, and came hack in less: than five minutes with the imformation that Mr. Ashley was not in any of the public rooms of the hotel. He must cither have gouo out or he xnust he in his room up< stairs. 441 wish you would go and see," said the manager. 44 And if he is in his room take off these black things and put on plain clothes before you come down again. Be as smart as you can.. I will wait for you here. Stop a moment," be added, as the waiter was moving awav, 41 make some excuse for seek ing Mr. Askloy in his own room, for I don't want him to fancy that—to fancy anything, in short. Ask him if he is the gentleman who ordered a riding-horse for this after noon." 441 wonder why he is stopping onhere, if— but perhaps he thinks it the safest plan, and I am not sure that he isn't right," he muttered to himself as he walked into a waiting-room tbut opened out of the hall and commanded a view of it. While waiting thero he wroto a note to tho constable stationed in the village, as well as a telegram to be sent to the chief constable of the county, and another for tho coroner. By the time he had finished James came bank, clad in a rait of sober gray tweeds. Ho reported that Mr. Aebley was in his bedroom, and was engaged in writing. 44 Very good. Now, James, I wish you to keep Mr. Ashley in sight for the present. If ho leaves his room you must follow him at a safe distance, so that he shall not know that ho is being shadowed. If he leaves tho house, send me word, bat do not lose sight of him yourself. You understand ?" 44 Certainly, sir. And if bo sends a letter to bo delivered to anyone?" 44 You are a sharp lad, James," said the manager, with a smile. 41 What made you tbiukof that?" Because I thought he was writing a letter when I went into his room just now." 44 Well, if he puts his note into the letter bag I must be told of it. But if be bands a letter to you, or to one of the other servants, to bo posted or to be delivered to anyone, seo that it is brought to mo at once." Beforo live minutes had gone by one of the housemaids came to the manager, who had returned to bis private room, and laid on the table before him a bulky letter addressed to Miss Wcstbury, Poruhestcr House. Mr.j Johnson smiled queorly to himself as he read the address. Then, after pondering the matter for a moment, he locked up tho letter iu his safe. 