THE STORYTELLER. MR. BOWSER'S TRIBULA- TIONS. THE WOES OF AN AMATEUH MUSICIAN. __ _ t_, ,>, -.r fied Jd'SL^V^JSd• K n n been eaten, and he had sat down to his cigar and *tlhe evening paper, bat he was restless and uneasy. Aire. Bowser mentally wondered at a bargain whether or he found had bought a new jre- an elephant m«ly for consumption, but said nothing. By-and-by he tossed the paper aside, and observed:— "I haven't heard the piano going far the last three months. Anything out of order?" "No, it's all right," die asjprered, "but, as you hate music, X don't " play when joji are here.' "I hate music What are you talking about?" •"You have often compared my playing to the sounds of beating on an old tin pan." "Well, of course, you are a poor player, and your voice is cracked; but so far as music is concerned—real music—it "fills jny •soul with joy." "Bat you never sing or nlay." : "Haven't had time heretofore, hut now I-I" "".You intend to." "Yes. I fed the need of something to make home more pleasant—to offer more diversion during the evenings. I think I shall learn to play the violin." ; "What! At your age!" exclaimed Mis, •Dowser. ~ . . "My age!" he shouted,- as he bobbed around <m his chair. '.'That e •what I cxpect- -ed to hear. What's the matter -with my age? I am -neither blind, speechless, nor crippled. Pliny went at it and learned sis languages afteT he -was seventy years old." \- "Well, I suppose yon brought home (the violin?" '"Yes.- It's a beauty, and I got it chaap. It's a real Givoni, end I bought it of a man who was hard op. Got it for £7, and it'« -worth £30." "And yon will try to learn to play it?" •"Certainly. I had one lesson.this afternoon, and in less .-than a mon&b; Til astoai® yon." "You wSl practice in the gairot, I suppose?" • . "Not by a jugful! I shall practice right here! That is, there -wont: be much practice about if, as-1 shall be playing times by Saturday. Let me show it to you." He had left it in the hail aehe came in. He got the package and unconrered it, and brought back a greasy _oid fiddie .- which looked as if - it-aad l)e£n carried around the country since the days of Blizabetih. "Tins violin was-made by Givoni bansdf over 109 yeare ngo." lie eaid, as lbs. Bowser" gized at the o9d xc&c.; "Who was Grvom?" "Who was Grvom? - ^Why doctyoa ask who Queen Victoria, is?" .... • "Well, it's.vmjr opinion -fetfc -yon have bee-n swindled on the instrument, and 1 fear yon are too old do take np ,snch music." ' "Do you? Thai's a niceway to efaooorage a husband! I seo.now way so many men run out nights. I not only saved £33 in buying this fiddle, "but TT1 make yocir hearf "ache with jealousy before the month is over!" -, _ - He sat down and began to «w. He held his head on one side, ran -ccfc - his tongue, and sawed away at .the scale, and he hid been going about five minutes when t&f;! cook opened the door, 1 beckoned Bovreser ont, arid wirispeiea—• Mrs. give you notice that I dhaal leavie after dinner to5norrow!". . "Why.twhat is it?" was asked. • "Him-Mr. 'Bowser!. He'll .bring spooks -ahJ .ghosts about! I ha?e already^ been taken with-palpitation of,-, the:, heart. Mercy! But listen to ISioee voices- of the dead calling out to each other across their graves! - Mrs. Bowser, it's the wonder of i the people that you don't commit emci.ic!" Mr. Bowser continued Barwine<»way until : his arm was tired and his collar wilted, hot he wouldn't haye stopped when he did had not a voice in front of the house shouted— ' "Why don't some one. throw a rock at the door,- or ring fortfee policeman?" Ntat day a daric^dnned man,,who ..said he was a grandson of the late Givoni, came np and gave Mr. Bowser a. lesson, and the cock, who .had almost consented to stay on. suddeciy nose up and rushed after her bundle. When ready to go die whispered • to Sirs. Bowser— . 'Tm soriy,. for you Hat's to be left behind', mum, hut if he gets violent ywrll have lam taKec to the" asylum, of course." • Mr. JBoWser took four lessons in all,, and -t&en;' told. Ins -teacher that' ias eervices wcul4 no longer be tenttired. He took the 3ast twp 3eS6on=-ia tfee'barn ; Hi oidej^ as he pair 1 ., to surprise the neighbours. On the evonihg 'of'tae last lesson he seated himself on "i, rustic chair in tihe back-yard, and. when ready to "perform" he said to Mrs. Bowser— "You said I could not learn to play -the -sTtflin at my age^ ^Juet listen, and see if yori don't change ypSr opmioiL." Tie started in°wkii" whkt was meant, for * wild, weird prelude. It hadn't preluded over thirty seconds whena dozen: people appeared at the back windows. - Fifteen seconds later, as Mr. Bowser got his tongue out and his arm limbered Hp, sx.difierent 1 voices yelled at him. _ "The applause begins," he said to Mrs. Bowser, as sheetoodat the window above. 'Tm afraid they don't. Bke it,-" she re- . plied. -. . - -, "Don't Mke.St!" he exclaimed, as he produced a waiTof despair on the strings. "If we're got neighbours who tan'i appreciate mufdfe, I'd like to know it at onoe, and ; prepare to nioyie.' Dim't .td! m^r^T-" It was a big oicimiber whidi whizzed by -h«s ear. The cucumber was followed -by a ' potato, wiodi grazed his shoulder, A lump .of coal struck file fence behind him with a hang, and as he rose np to bow to the "applause" a tomato hit horn in the mouth, en? "S&s.; • Bowser sereained to him to flee Jor his life.. ®e was dazed, for'a moment, ~ and it was not until a generous "half of a lemon, alighted on his shooldeav that he started for sheSter. As he gained , the bouse he had hi? revolver apd eis diffi^eat murders in xnmd, tut just then a policeman rang the door-bcSl, and, as soon as he was admitted, he excitedly demanded— "Now, then, who is it torturing cats Jn ' •Hie back-yard?" "T—T was playing -fee.violin, . stammered \- Mr .Bowser, in reply. ' — "Do you mess, 4o teli me ifoat those nar- -lihle rounds were made by a fiddle?" •'. "Y—Yes.? ' „ "Then you'd "better, stop it. _ If the neighbours start in to lynch you itH be all over before I can «et help!" The officer departed lust- as three of thfe neighbours appeared, They invited: Mr. Bowser out n> the-gate for a conference. What was said 'may never-be revealed in print, but after ten minutes a decision was arrifed at. When Mr. Bowser re-entered the house he was looking as pale as a rag, , and the first thing he did was to kick the fiddle sky-highy and the second to throw the pieces out of the back window. "Mr. Bowser, have you gone crazy!" exclaimed Mrs;. Bowser, as he threw the bow after the shattered fiddle. "No, ma'am, I haven't, but I've got a fewwords to say to-you!" -fee replied. "What have I done?" • "B<»ie! T»onfrJ Who coaxed me into buying a fiddle?" "The trrandson of Givoni. He had an old fiddle Tie wanted to get rid of, and he struck you for a fiat and got twice its •worth." "Struck me for a fiat!" shonted Mr. Bowser, as.he walked arounA on the cat. "And why? Because I was willing to keep poice in ulie family. You had your mind set on a fiddle, and a fiddle you must have." "Mr. Bowser! What did I want with a fiddle?" "Heaven only knows.. jBut for you I sHouJd never hare thought of trying to play on it. What do yau suppose,Greene and Davis said?" "1 hat you were a dunce." "That if their wives led them around by the nose as you do me they'd wipe the __faici!y out and then commit suicide! I must "have looked sweet dawdling over that fiddle!" "You did. J told you that it was nonsense your trying to leara music at your age. •'Vv age! There you so! Am I a thousand years "V old. a Am I five hundred. Am 1 even co ing it at mc ? Vu^W* tb #hTr" P mor g e ir.ii^iu in ir.v big tn toe k„r. than you have LvJr in your whole body. Jirs. Bowser, this is the limit. You have gone far enough. Now beware! The worm is ready to turn!" "But how did I have anything to do with it? l>idn't I say all I could to discourage you? Didn't I" "Never! Never! But for you I should never have bought a fiddle and made a fool of myself- It was your little frame, I morning. .Vcunv. hilo—meanwruiie' ] And he glared at her, and nodded his : head, and Ktafked iritn the library, and banned tbe door and locked it behind him. —"Detroit Free Press."' 