Religious. SPIRITUAL EXCELLENCE. BY GEORGE MATHESON, D.D. (the Blind Preacher). "Even so ye, forasmuch as ye are zealous of spiritual gifts, seek that ye may excel to the edifying of the Church."—l Corinthians, xiv. 12. the emphatic word is the word " spiritual." It is a great pity that they had no underlining in those days—no italicising. The emphatic word is the word " epiritusi." " Forasmuch as ye are aesioas of spiritual gifts," seek to excel. I understand Paul to mean that, " If you are feealous about material gifts, I would give you very differ ent advice ; if your heart and soul and conscience were bent- upon things not spiritual, that is, if your mind were bent upon earthly things, if it were to Joy in something which centred round your own special earthly nature, then I wouM say to you, 'Keep your mind away from that : Do not try to excel/ But, because it is a spiritual gift you want, I have no hesitation in telling you to make it an object of constant study, to medi tate upon its glory day and night. Inasmuch a» re ate sealoug of spiritual not material gifts, seek to excel." Now I want you to observe the reason of this It is briefly this : that to excel in a material gift means to excel others, but to excel in a spiritual Sft can only mean to excel yourself. What is I • difference in value between a material gilt and a spiritual gift, a gift of Christ T WeU, you will find that to* value of every material gift whatever depends upon its rarity, its scarceness. 1 do not care what gift you take, what material gift you take> you wfH flud that the value to you and to everybody else depends upon the small number that have it. Take the love of fame, for example. Wherein consists to any man the value of fame ? Is it in the fact that you and I may bscos—• William Shakspcare Not at all. It U la the fact that William Sbakapeare is a Terr rare, aa almost impossible commodity. Or take beauty, I mean physical beauty, the beauty of the human face. On what does the common, the artistic view of beauty depend 1 The value of beauty de rds upon its scarcity, sod the wish to excel in in this sense of excelling, would peas away, if It were to. be absolutely reached. But stow will you look for a moment oa th* other side of the ladder t Look at those gifts which Christ has given to the human race, and what do you find ? Why, you find that the value of all these gifts, without exception, depends aot upon their rareness, hut upon their diftWreaeat, that their value passes away, and diet Just ia pro* portion aa it is not shared. Take joy, for example. 1 wppese that no one denies that Joy is a gift of the Lord, a gift of Christ. Why, I suppose a /Sanguine temperament is as much a gift of Christ aa a beautiful face. There are some people Joy ous by instinct. Some people can give no reason for their Joy. It is a thing that comes without seeking. It is a gift of the Lord. You cannot tell how it comes any more than Saul of Tarsus could teH how the light came upon him. Joy is emphatically a gift of the Lord, but there is this peculiarity about it, that Joy to be successful, to be preserved, must be shared. We are all like the little child that comes to tell. We often tell lust from the Joy of spreading the interest that is Inside of you into some other person. Oh, the value of all Joy depends upon its diffusiveness, upon our not excelling in the possession of that com modity. Take lore, any lore yon like, there are no two kink ; take even sensuous love, if you will. 1 mean not sensual but sensuous love, love of the external evanescing beauty of life. Well, that it * gelflah thing in some respects, but in all respects it demands two. If I love you to excelling, and jroa do not excel In your love to me, then I am very miserable . for the want of the reciprocity. Oh, love must always demand two at least. It demands two, it might -have two million, but it demands two in every form. Its value depends not upon its rareness but upon its diffusiveness. Take knowledge. What does the value of knowledge depend upon r Its diffusiveness. Know ledge unshared is solitude. It is an awful- thing, th* solitariness of greatness. Ah, my dear friends, I have often thouftht of these words of the Matter, " They will not come to Me that they mijrHt have life." It is like a crying child. " They will not come to He chat they might have life." Why, He felt that He had a gift, that, if they would only come, He might share with them. It is like the man who Arst invented chloroform, or who first invented a steam-engine, hiding men sceptical, that they would rather rack in their pain or rather trudge the weary miles than take the chloroform or take the train. "They will not come to Me that they might have life." Or when He cries again, " Father, I will that they also whom Thou hast given Me be with Me where I am ; that they may behold My glory." It is like a multitude of blind men standing be fore a pleasant landscape, say. standing on the top of the Castle Rock, looking down upon your city, and there is one man, the physical Son of Man, so to speak, who has got perfect sight, and i* casing on that landscape, and the burden of its beauty falls upon Him because it is unshared, and He says, " Father, I wish that those who are about me could be with me where I am, with sight, that they might behold the glory which I see." Why, that is the meaning of all our Christian Institution*, the cry for fellowship, the cry for grtatly excelling, the cry to get my gift shared with another. That is the meaning of the Gatftstiaa Kadeavonr Society, of the Young Men's . Ottttiu Associsrioa. of the Yeang Woaaft CM* Man Association, of the Girls' Friendly Society, that is the meaning of the Boy*' Brigade, that is the meaning of every spiritual institution through out this wide world. " Forasmucn as ye are sealous of spiritual gifts, icck that ye may excel." What then r Why then, you ask, should we excel at all ? Now look at the remaining clause of the verse. Why should we strive to excel at all T Ho answers, " for the edifying of the Church—that is, in order to make the body—the member* of the body—of humanity, happy.' That is the reason any man shouid excel. In order to make the members of humanity happy. Well, I can imagine some one to-day asking me : " Can you give roe a test as to whether a gift is spiritual or material r" 1 will give you an in fallible test, a test that can never be disputed. It is this : Why do I wish to excel in this particu lar gitt f Is it that I may be chief among ten thousand ? Is it that men may gaze upon me with rapture f Is it that men may say, "He is the first in his profession ; there has never been any one who has.signalised hhusafef so buuittiuliy or gloriously uhe r" Then, my brethren, your gift is material, whatever it be. It is material, and nothing more. But is it that I may g.adden some heart ; is it, in fact, that 1 have cucne to •hare my gifts and graces with those around me, those beneath me.f Tueu your gift is spiritual, whatever it be. 1 My brother, my sister, it does not matter a straw whether it is a bit of lace or a bit of grace. It is not that that makes the difference. A bit of lace may be pure spirit. You may get a bit of lace, work it out in order to present something to a friend, or some gift to gladden the poor, to bridge over the gulf of poverty. Then it is spiritual. Or you may go up hi your bit of grace like that man who went up to the temple to pray, and said, " 1 thank Clod that I am not as other men" ; and, remember, lie was not telling a falsehood. lie was not as other men ; he was completely free from those rices he was speaking of. But it was no object of congratulation to him. lie ought to have said, " Oh, my Father, I regret that I have got all these gifts to myself. I regret exceedingly that I am so deficient in spiritual things, because that is against them. It is robbing Thee of Thy kingdom. Thy power, and Thy glory." It does not matter what kind of gift it is. Ay, and 1 will go further : It does not even matter supposing the gift got earthly remuneration. The salary baa nothing to do with it. I do not preach to get a salary. 1 get a salary to preach. The salary is a. bit of my organism. It is a bit of my throat, it is a bit of my face, it is the thing that keeps snul and body'together. Does the la.k take a salary to sing f It does not get it for singing (or, rather, it gets a salary to sing), but it goes up there to the sky, and the sky is its smlaiy. It is paid in advance. Ah, and that ad vance becomes its very sang ( Its morning sun shine, its rapturous breath and air of opening day— these tnne its voice. The salary makes it sing, but it does not sing for the salary. Now, my brother, my sister, let me give yon the real test, whatever you are paid for your gift as the price goes, whatever sura of money is put down to enable you to sing or to do anything that is good, or useful, put to yourself this question : What am I doing it for ? Am I making it the instrument of the Lord's Prayer f An I saying with this gift, "Hallowed be Thy name, Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven 1" Are you taking hold of thif sing ing a« a means of making glad some sister's heart f Are you playing this piece of music with a view of relieving the depression of some downcast, down trodden soul, giving him or her a happy moment which will help to carry them to the Mount of Horeb, where they get new strength again ? Are you using this poetic power of yours to give the inspiration of aspiration, to give pinions to the hearts and souls of men that ss yet have no power .of flying T Are you using this art of yours, this painting, to paint some flower which may gladden I the heart of a poor sufferer in the infirmary, and I suggest to such the sight of green fields and wood lands fair ? Are you using this voice of yotfrs, this power of reading, that you may go and rpend an hour with the blind, and enable them to pass for a short time through the ivory gate and golden ? Arc you using this wealth of yours ai the means of disseminating life, and beauty, and and comfort, in places that before were places of starvation, and want, and ehame ? Then, my brother, your gift is spiritual. . Heaven and earth may paw away, but your gift shall not pan away, for the motive of love to God and man has mtde it a gift of the Holy Ghost. 