Fifteen Million Acres. Within one short month, the Government of this colony will have at its disposal no less than fifteen I million acres of Crown lands. To-day, those acres, in all, covering nearly twenty four thousands of square miles, are supporting some millions of flocks and herds, and directly sustaining many thousands of the colony's population. The leases held over the epormoas area fall in next month, and the government will then find itself confronted tfith the prodigious pro blem of what their policy is to be regarding it. Plainly the position will assume all the emergency of a crisis; and equally plainly, it will call for the presence of profound statecraft to make the uttermost of the opportunity, without loss of. legitimate advantage to the State, or" without" hardship, much less injustice to the present lessees. The curse of the rotten land policv which has prevailed in New South Wales in the past, threatens, in this supreme crisis, to come home to roost permanently, and with a ghoulish grin upon its bloat features. The whole side alienation of the public estate at panic prices, for the purpose of provid ing partial stopgaps in revenue exigencies, long since permanently nightmared upon the oppressed chest of our rapidly declining financial carcase, which daily threatens to give up the ghost in its forcign-dcbt drugged lethargy. It has been a veritable " Devil-take-the-hindmost" p 'Iicv, and his sable Nickship is now treading so closely upon our financial heels, that he galls our national kibe. It had been different, and at least partially pardonable, had the huge gratifications from the sale of the public estate been applied to the con struction of permanent and reproduc tive "works. But we know that they have not been so. We know that they have been poured into the bottomless pit of mortgagedom, which ever loudly howleth for more and more. The national debt has slowly bloated, until its apoplcred girth I nearly reaches 60,000.000 of solid sovereigns. Excepting the unearned increment on the public stationary assets, outside the necessarily volatile railways, the bulk assets of the colony, and they arc the public lands, have been gradually gambled away with all the recklessness of a dicer's ill gotten gains, and with equal levity. It is as though responsible government in the colony were a synonym for a " two tip sschool," in which wriggling jack spudding spieler-politicians wield the " (op," and the stakes in the ring are colony's destinies, and the people were laid the " schnide" wager, " heads you lose and tails we win 1" Small wonder that the population of the colony hasdetermiuedly gravitated to the big cities, until the congestion has become so unbearable, and the frightful struggle for existence so frantic, that the main progress for the last decade has been in the enlarge ment of the constabulary, and the ex tension of the gaols. Small wonder that when a desirable block of land1 has,! by the grace of God, and the freak of Fate, fallen within the reach of the people, a frantic concourse of appli cants, polyglot as promiscnons, hail ing from every point of the compass, have jostled and trodden one another down in their sweaty eagerness to obtain a chance of making a living otherwise than by " spieling," or work ing for slit-eved Chows at five bob a week. Small wonder that the ballot has been such a success as an ex pedient when it is the highest expres sion of - the utter failure of the whole land admistratian " as a sys tem! To turn to statistics for proof as to the demand for land in the colony,— that is to say the demand by genuine yeoman settlers who only want handy areas—were superfluous. Those who know anything at all of the everyday affairs going on around them need no Bceh proof. Here, within one short ' month, the Government will have Z4,- J doo square miiesat their disposal. How id!! it be disposed ? It is said that not more than one third of the reversion ary lands is fit for settlement purposes. That means at least 8000 square miles of settlement areas will be available. Can it be, that when every day, swarms of anxious yeomen are treading one an other under foot in their eagerness to obtain as little as three Jiundred and twentyacres, thegovemment intends to dodder about the coming opportunity with its customary ineptitude < Or can it be that the shekels of Boodledom will prevail against the paramount policy of permanent development ? Those lessees who have held this huge tract of the colony are assuredly due every consideration of justice. Let there be no mistake about that. But if they are due that and no less, they are due that and no more. No one will contend that one square mite out of every hundred is worked to its full advantage by the pastoral lessees. Half the area of these leaseholds is hidden beneath dead timber, or smothered in the suffocating embrace of impenetrable scrub. The cost of improving that state of matters is not now the question, neither is it incum bent in a general argument, to go into all the side issues involved in a com G" lensive consideration of the whole problem; but it may be broadly postulated, that given anything like a fair season, the prodigious profits made by the pastoralist amply prove that the public estate is capable of in finitely greater things, under closer settlement, than ever, in the wildest dream of squattocracy, were ecstatical ly imagined. The thing is this. The government should at'once set to work, with every available assistance and expert autho rity obtainable and at its command, to formulate and cany iato effect some healthy scheme whereby, without in any. waf thrusting an injustice, upon the outgoing lessees, the huge army of genuine yoemen may be afforded op portunities of obtaiuDg handy settle ment areas out of the admitted one third of these 15,000,000 acres avail able. If the matter is left to the last minute there must inevitably._be a panic and a hoo-rush. In every such crisis, the weakest must go to the wall; and Boodledom will inevitably shove the people out on the road, ana slam the gate on their amazedfaces. The chance now within the grasp of the government is as nniqne as un paralleled. If it fails to avail itself of it, it then remains for the people them selves to boot it ruthlessly out, and, through other representatives, to take control of affairs for themselves. Tet another municipal Bidhmond in the | field. "Cardman" baring died a very vio lent newspaper death, and having been safely etowed away at dinner 1" not where he eats, bat where he is eaten"); and deer old " Pro Bono Pnblioo" (God met his sonl!), having shuffled off, tins new-comer swoops down with a woeful whop. " Two us ronanmaa nr Tax £" ! Bach' is the terrifying front name under whioh be stolidly staggers 1 (God bless his sonl!) But, doci hit pnthtr know htU out f For if die does, she nobly deserves arraignment for wilful abandonment of her guileless infant. And yet the Gsboxicle shrewdly snspevtg (and it's not too slow, eh, Cardman that if the three fierce newspaper warriors were lined np in row, and numbered from the right, the squad would not register more than own! in abort, there it a sab Of municipal Pooh-Bah-ism about these three ink-dealing warriors—a trinity of unity, so tq apeak—and therefore the Chboxicl* docsn t fear bring "mobbed." Mr. Cardprobono pahlicotwoandfourjenorintheponnd'e latest wail is (boiled down to a sentence), th . now the Council baa fortuitously been relieved nf fifty pounds per annum in its legitimate ex penses by the stress o! competition, it should follow its look, and bundle out all and sundry connected with the municipality who don't do at least a pound's worth of "yakker" for a "boh." Here is his wisdom folly un muzzled :— Kmc the eireomtlancet htce enahtedtie Alder met to rev farm tit Benefit de tail tlqf, it it tube hoped the tlur cast Ofintt them «/ tpendit/ at taut a third of the rata in eater iet will he retnecei. I how the tevit ward aldermen here long held the opinion that one M ten do the vvrk allotted to the Git -til Clerk, tad at thep out he retted on to ettek to their opinions amp attempt to inmate the pop in that, department it hand to mat their op f ctiiion The eltrteal tiof htt been bleeding ear relet faite long oooogk, end note then it a chance it oof hi to be stopped. There are deductions, obrion* and plain, to be drawn from the wiedotn that tmmnzzled. If one nun can do the whole work connected with the Ooancfl olartaWp, and the late clerk «i getting £40 per mm more than the new man, together with fifty pound's worth of uootii own j extra asaistaiice, the new man is manifestly and mathematically re eeinng exactly twice times fifty pounds pot annum too mat . That is to aay, he shonld only be rec.hing fifty ~ whole, good soreragns per year, and shonld he bound to offer up a nightly prayer for the presentation of all leg-hearted alderman's SOnis, " CardpFobonopnblioOtWO endfonrpenceinthepound's" included. That is the first deduction The second is that seeing there are somewhere about £4000 annually passing through the Council clerk's hands, the stupendous salary- proposed by "our hero," is exactly oar and e jmtrUr pre ernt oommiatioo. (Chmkieo want a bigger istan than that on a bunch of turoipe). So that in addition to all the work entailed, and the responsibility inroirsd " oar hero'1 i'God bleashisinnooentaml)! woold actually lead the onfortunsts Council clerk Into the terrible temptations iff exhmnganoe, gambling, riot one Using, and general licentiousness, by gising him a trie's e« sad a yutrUrptr call on the gross rslue of his rssponsiUlita ! (Onmasasadrink)!"The third dedncHtm is that harness the West enden "hare long thonght that '* ooa man could do the neceasary work," their one man is to do the eaid necessary work on a quarter iff a man's screw!! - (Cumin aranotherdrmk)! ' And the fourth deduction is that, in addition to its aznelUnl reputation for dasdness, wobUey water works, any pw uiewKtt pie yraroiB^ tad general jobbery, Armidab b to take the rig belt u the ebeoUtk muniiipsl sweets of the North! Wherefore, drew the cartels rf mercy upon the bettered omrceee of " Oerd probopopufclieotwoandfonrpciioeint h e p o a s i | Esq," end—Camanavmn<<tberdrmk. Hean wh3aitwoaU.be more to the credit of every one concerned, II the asristant Conned clsk, who hu proeed himself a faithful officer, re oeired en increase of celery adequate to the work which he performs. Ihe attention of all just minded aldermen b directed to this matter. Pontic curiosity is' in a high etate of inflammation over that mysterious personage now known as "Ba'ty O'Cellagbao'e dad." In itself the incident ie just as insignificant as any other of the unfortunate social slips with which the world teems, bat the whole surroundings seem to establish a principle that b not unworthy of nota. Except where the intereata of justioe demand, thjrt seems no ralid reason why names should be dis closed in matters of this sort. It serrea no good <nd. Indeed on the contrary, it undoubtedly ooodosea to every species of chicanery and perjury. So far as the actual bene of the inquest In this case was con cerned, the father, not his name, waa the material factor, and where he had done, ae he undoubtedly had, everything in his power to compensate for the moral sin he bad committeed, it would sorely be an I act to subject him to publio hatred, ridicule, j and ooutempt. Unfortunately there b a! suspicion, loo waU grounded, alas 1 that In these matters then li one law for the rich, and another forthe poor, Heuoe, when an exceptional case crops up,-it is, in acoordauoe with the .unlrefaa], demand far - ostensible fairness, swept into the voracious -mc^stzom. of publicity, and whirled around and about until it is sue tod back into that oblivion whoDoe it should never base been dragged. Not the elightest good purpose k served in these matters. It would be far better -for public morality, if every unsavory matter were confined to the cognisance of those immediately oonoerned, and to the responsible authorities. It is a well-known fact that suicide beeotaes cyclic, and murder epidemio, after any notable ooourrenoe of either, mid further, th it the morbid mindedneas of the average person is a dangerous negative npon which to permit the imagery of the peering ahow of sensationalism. A nd ths preoedent of discretion having been set in Baby O'Calla ghan's case, it is to be hoped that It will be faithfully honored In the future, and farther that it will be honoured far and wide through out the whole of Ihe ool -nies. Now-that-the Armidsle Court Houee i undergoing eome nececauy repairs, thi responsible authorities might sorely be in daoed to make some better provision -in th way of warmth for both Bench and public The Court Boom, wbibhb a large, and h oold weather, a most unoomfortaUy. air, oh amber, has but one pettifogging flreplaoc which doesn't give sufficient beat to cook i mutton outlet. Ths couaequenos is that th teeth of the presiding magistrates chatte with the frigid atmosphere, and fan, eabler and mufflers ate at a high premium. Th publio, too, .are fa similar extremities, ani 3 ustioe has ebont the ooldest oomfort she eve knew this ride of the South Pole. It mh; not be known to the Sheriff that an Armidal winter b'cousin germane to the nueattrtu'p the ioe bound regions where the Aorar Boreklis has its winter palsee, and If he wool only oome and eit an hour or two through.! tedious case, be would be luoky indeed if hi hadn't to^te fhawedsfut of hb-eeetjby .* htigi furnace. Now is the time, therefore, for tha considerate offidal to extend a tobdioum p mercy to his unfortunate felkrwman. Befori the'repairs now going on io the 'Court Boor are completed; ths installation of a hot wate eervice round theohamber oould ba effeotei at si minimum of expense. The correspond ing advantages would be immense, and hi would handbills, name down to a gratefu posterity in a mamior oompared with whicl Isaac Newton b a mae rironuiatanne. It i devoutly to Jbe h?pel-ihat no .-delay wilt "bi permitted in file carrying out of this really neeeasary work, lor it i» indeed a consumma tion devoutly to-be wished. Ths Obbosicu knows that attention to the matter b only necessary, and is anxiously awaiting to writ* sioongratulatory article to the Sheriff upot its completion Obui Wnuui Fd*b ■ The London ■ Times' gires an interesting aooonnt of the progress nude by the Wesleyans in Greit Britain in their attempt to taiae a fmid of a million guineas from a million Weeleyams, The fund wss only etartod aix months ago, and already » one x:it, 125 has beeo promised half a million of which is in do^h goiiieasi This seems io make it oertain that when the lists eloee on Jaanaiy let, 1601, the whole enm will be raised. All who were nol blinded "by prejodioe (writes the London' Spectator') wiU heartily wish eneoees to the fond, whioh is —> to be wisely and honorably administered. 