poin¥s.'!c The ChrifttmaH number of tfic Wttk% illuiu trated, will be ready on December 15. Agents and others please order early.. .The';. beat weekly paper in Queensland. Send it to your friends. ' Illustrated, price only 3d. : The ' deoision to send tho Canadian and Australian ( forces to loin Lord Kcthuen is both a compliment to -them and a wise choice. To send them to assist somo of tho hest regiments of tho British army also shows what is expected of them. No ono will feed tnuoh pity- towards tho psoudo cx-Congrcgafcionul minister -who was yesterday found guilty of 'bigamy. ' Rogues of this character need to be made examples of. Moreover, bigamy is not the only crimo - of which the prisoner has-been convicted. -There is nothing remarkable in the state ment of tho United States Treasurer, that the gold staudurd of currency would bo adhered to. Like all other largo nations, they havo found it essential bccnuso tho instability and continually lowering prico of silver huvc made it impossible to base it at a standard value. The Indian rupee is an instance in point. Mauy silvcrites exist in tho United States, but thero is not much hope of their carrying their wishes. Ever since tho close of the war with Spain tlio policy of- President M'Kinlcy has' heeu attacked on account of its lukowanrness, His message to Congress is " timid and colourless." , The war ovidontly.hasnothad tho offcot of making the occupier of tho "Whito House billigerent. The Boers aro said to have recovered from the dismay caused by tho frequeut bursting of their Mauser rifles. They have discovered that tapping the bullet on a stone drives tho powder home ou tho lead and prevents the cartridge bursting. It is stated that Boor commandoes uro murching from Natal to reinforco Cronjo. If this .statement is correct it indicates thut the burghor forces on tho west havo suffered heavy losses in tho buttles with Lord Mcthuon's troops. 1 The Crown prosecutor yesterday pointed ont that a decision had heen given in au election case whero one witness wus stated to have put tho book to bis lips, and another to his nose. 41 Equally good places, I should say," remarked the judge. "Gray Ghost of Landewarne." ' Sea Christmas number of the Week. Order early ; prico od. illustrated. Mr. Lyne, every now and again, throws overboard a sealed bottle containing a mes sage to futurity about federation. The Sydney George street electric tramway atlaFt seems to bo an accomplished fact. Trial trips have , been made in which the oars worked smoothly. Those who have beeir engaged in introducing tbo servico as well as the public, will now perhaps breathe a little more freely. Colonel Robert Stephenson Smyth Baden-Powell is the son of a clergyman, and tho grandson of an admiral. Hk was educated at Charterhouse ; at the ago of ID ho joined tho 13th Hussars, and has risen to bs commander of the 5th Dragoon Guards. He is now 42, and like so many men who have wou fame iu Africa, he is, a bachelor. : In the. miust of his active servico in Afghanistan, Iudiu, West Africa, and South Africa, the colonel has written quite anumbr- of books. v The Hun. J. G. Drake, who was s.o recently translated to a higher sphere, appeared as a spsctator outside the bnr of the Legislative Assembly yesterday. The now Postmastcr-Gcnerul looked de-' cidedly unhappy during tho face ious speech of tho member for Flinders, and still more so whilo Mr. Curtis, tho spokesman of the remnant, was on hisfeHt.. Mr. .Curtis was most emphatic in declaring >4 .(hut those. wliQ.hud followed Mr. Dn ke were', up to the last moment absolutely ignorant thnt thoir leader intended to desert them. Their faith in Mr. Drako was such that when thoy wore told he had gono over to tho... other side for a' consideration they positively ' refused to believe it until the truth was proved beyond doubt. A prominent labourite tho other day was discussing the possibility of forming a stable Government from among tho Opposit! mists, when a witty individual chipped in wi U tho query, " How could you form a stable Gov-, crnment without a Groom During tlio brief reign of tho labour Ministry, tlio Minister for Lands discovered a carotakor in the department, who worked seveii days a week, and who did not receive extra pay for tho Sunda' work. The ardent champion of tho worker at once gave the man Sk. extra. Mr. Givens, in tho Houso last night, said that a new and flourishing industry was springing up. That was tho brother-in-law business. There will soon be no room for thoso who ate not related to Ministers, or who aro not billiteri. Mr. Philp will not bring on tho Electoral Bill this session. Reason why : It was to servo as a double bribe, und it served only once. The Opposition wero to get it if tho Rail ways Standing Committeo Bill was passed. There mnsr be a strong backbone of love ; for self-government, or New Zealand, which is "anti-fed," would not buve returned Seddou with a great majority. The Christmas number of the Week illus trated. will be ready on December 15. Agents and others please order early. Tho be.it weekly paper in Queensland. Send it to your friends. Illustrated, price only 3d. 