WEDNESDAY, MARCH 15, 1899.!. /.'.' TIIK UNEMPLOYED PHODLKM. A SENa'ENOK uttered by tho Primo Minister liof oi'b''; ho took office lms frequently boon repeated with intont to discomfit him. Like a ghosb from the tomb it is mado to haunt liis way.. ./Boforo ho was in a position to deal with tho matter responsibly, ho declared his conviction that ho could sottlo tho unemployed problem satisfactorily in forty-oight hours. rpi,n -urnriiB naitl in IirhI.o woro in li tnnnnor oponly ropontod of on Monday last, whon Mi1. Boid received a doputatioii from tho Citizens Unemployed Committco. Ho admitted that 'hehadnbb solvod tho problem during four and a-half yoars of oHioa. And ho promisos 1 to talco itp tho subject with an ondoavour to deal with it thoroughly. Tho deputation oamo with a word of oounsol as woll as a request. A sohedulo o£ rocom .mendations wns jJnoed at tho'1 disposal of tho porploxod Primo Minister. Tho uommittoo essayed to lighton hi3 darkness. But, whon \to oxamino tho l'CQommondntions — a copy of Avbioli lmtt boon forwarded with tho oxproB ision of a dosiro that wo Hhall mako them public— wo confess that wo soo no light_ in ?thom. Mr. Boid is not tho only woll-ineaning . person who has f olt a oonlidouco in solving tho ainomployod probldm which oxporiouco has roprovod. And, if ho folio w. tho loading of thoso i-ccomiiiondations, ho will ontor a rogion of x dangordris oxporimont, into a quagmire Avhoro Homo ompirics havo already boon lost. In bthor ?words, ho will apply untriod oxpodionts, or ho will ropoat ? dovicus discredited by. triftl. But ho will not uolvo tho unomployod problom, bocauso it may Btifoly bfl avorrod that its solu tion oiv tho basis of tho rocoramondationB mny not bo af£6mptod by any sano mall. . Wo prooood to stato a« fully na wo can -yhat tho rooommoudations are. Tlio committoo ? ' recognise « rolation already subsisting botwoon' ???' tho S'tato and tho unomployod, whoroby tho State foods and Jiouhoh thom, and provides thorn with modical oaro if siok, and with asylum if infirm. It proooods to ask '. whothor tho Stato cannot, m addition to por formiuK tboso offices of humanity, provide the unomployod with ilio moana of oaruing broad, audhomon, and tho comforts of Wo. The answer is that tho State, boing a largo land ownor, a largo mino-ownor, a largo capitalist, ' ' can do this. It can sofctlo families in groups or Crown lands \ supply moans for oullivatuiK ?fcholaudj and maintain thom till than- work becomes remunerative. It can retain and work for the employment of its citizens (and sometimes for their profit), tho mines of which it is tho possessor. It can use its wholo organisation to further alike tho prosperity of tho farm settlements and of the State mining industry. Moreover, thoro aro those among tho unomployod who are physically unfit to compete with their etrougor brothron. Pro vision for thesp must bo included in tho Stato plan of furnishing opportunity for earning bread. Whon in consequonco of ? a striko or look-out, a number of workmen aro thrown on tho^world, the Government might in select cases, it is suggested, to carry on the industry, and show how in justice to all con cerned its continuance is posajjlo. Especially in connection with tho obligation ? to provide employment for tho loss export and less able i ii i '?* i 1* ? tit docuou men, uio a ay lauour system, snouiu as far as practicable replace the contract system in Government work. The Committoo lays stress on the fact that its recommendations forbid tho displacement of ono sot of work men for apothor — what is aimod at is a sub stantial addition (to tho produotivo industry of tho country. Becognising tho existence in tho community of loafers, tho committee would havo such . folk Bent to ? labour settlements whore work for food should be compelled.. Tho, committee favours legis lation restricting tho hours of labour, and for more rigidly rogulating child labour ; and it affirms the principle of compulsory arbitration in industrial disputes. As appendices tho committee supplios a draft scheme for a Labour Settlement, and tho sketch .of an improvod' system of grading tho unomployod on public .works, taking into consideration thoir various physical inoqualitios. Any rofidor who is not in sympathy with .the nostrum which is at the basis of all those recommendations will concur with us in thinking that Mr. Eoid is not likely to recoivo valuable aid from tho committoo. The - roeommondations aro permeated with the spirit or btato oociansm. As has boon said above, somo of tho suggested devices have boon tried in this and in tho other Australian States, and havo lamontably failed. While tho suggoatod extensions of Stato Socialism which wo havo not tried havo also not boon put in practice anywhoro olso in tho world. It is not now possible in detail to travorso'tho recommondations of tho com mitteo. Wo note ono or two points.. Tho Stato is called a capitalist. Tho Stato is no suoh thing, iu tho senso that a private oitizon is a i capitalist — the garnorer of savings from industrial profits, or tho accumulator of fruit from financial investment. The1 money which tho Btato haudlos is takon from tho oitizons Who composo it, for tho purposo of managing its organisation. Tho assumption of tho rocommondation is no doubt that tho State might bocomo a capitalist in -tho ordinary soiibo by working its mines at a profit and by supplying object lossons in tho oonduot of lapsed industries which' strikes or loolc-outs had terminated. But tho country is not educated to tho pitch of attempting such oxporimonts. Then thoro .is that proposed grading of mou for Government day labour. Tho spirit of labour legislation is alion from tho prinoiplo of grading mon for pri vato labour. On tllo contrary, private employers ? must bo, mado to ' pay an uniform wngo, aud tho . outoomo of that mandate is to augment the; ranks of1 tho unomployod by Bonding into thom workmon not worth the statutory minimum, and'' who must go. Wo mako no proconsion to soivo a quosnon oi miu gruvuBu complexity, and whioh demands humanity indood, but quite as much oxporionoo| pru donee, caution and justico, as olomonts in its solution. Yet wo vcmhiro to suggest that a modo of losBoning tho pressure of tho unom ployod trouble woiild bo rovision and modification or rofnsal of laws, which discourago private ? Oniorpriso. Tho , com mittoo ? say \nothing about suoh a moans of roliof, yofc it is nofcoriniif^ that tho labour olomont in tho Parliaments is rosponsiblo for suoh aooontuation of tho unomployod difficulty as proooods from troat ing tho privato employor as an onomy to tho Stato who ought to bo oriiBhod, Iu Now South .WaloB, tho troublo ib aouto, and will bo moro pronounced boforo tho year oxpiros, by roaHon of tho drought.' ( Spooial roraodio* for a spooial unhappy oondition of things will bo wantod. Tho problom, howovoc, of tho un omployod will always bo with us, aud tho solution ib yet to Book.- Wo oonoodo humanity to tho recommendations of tho Oitizons Oom mittoo. Wo cannot boo in thom tho equally ofl'sontial attributes -of judgmoftt, oaution, oxporionop, and juotioo. 