THE GENERAL'S STORY, j Was I ever really frightened ? Well, yes, though not in the Geld. I have seen some hard fighting, as you know, but I think the affair I allude to waa the closest shave I ever hai. ; I was studying law in New York at the time. One day as I sat in my office writing, the post* man brought me a neatly-folded envelope bearing my address. As I tore it open a faint odour of perfume filled the room. The contents of the letter, as near as I an remember, were as follows :— Dear Friend,—Call this evening at e'ght o'clock. I wish to see you on some very particular business. Do not fail me. M. A. S. To say that I was much surprised at tbe invitation is a mild description of my feelings. I bad known tbe writer only a few weeks. As " ahe was what Dickens would call a mature young lady, nnd 1 was a mere boy, our inter* coarse bad naturally been very limited. What " particular business " she wished lo see me abont passed my comprehension. I thought of the matter all the afternoon without coming to any reasonable conclusion. Hawi ver, I was young and curious, and at the appointed time set out for the place indicated iu tbe letter, aud witb a nervous hand pulled tbe door-bell. After waiting for a few moments I heard footsteps approaching. Tbe 'door was noiselessly opened, and Miss Sandys stood before me; making a gesture to indicate silence. Reaching out her hand she led me through the hall to a small room which was enshrouded, as was the hall itself, in the deepest darkness. In a whisper she told me why she wished to consult me. " My sister," she said, " is about to run away to-night to get married. Father is bitterly opposed lo tbe match ; he is a very violent man, and keeps a pistol on his table before him in the next room vowing to shoot my sister's lover il he dares to enter tbe house. tVe think he suspects that this is tbe night appointed for the marriage, and is prepared ts execute his purpose. We have done all we could to pacify him, but in vain. He is in a terrible rage." " But, my dear Miss Sandys,'' I said in some perturbation, " wh&t; bus all this to do witb me." " We may need your protection ; I told sistet I felt sure we could rely upon you." " You are very comp'inuntarjr. It seem; tc me, however, that in family matters, a stranger should not interfere." " Oh, we don't consider you a stranger, Mr. - . - - s - Stanton ! I am sure you will not refuse tc oblige us. Hush—I hear papa moving. Ke< p perfectly still in thi6 room uutil I call you." Tims saying she noiselessly disapj>carc<t, leaving me to my own reflections which were not, as may well be supposed, viry pleasing. I could hear the heavy footsteps of tho heac of the family as he paced unceasingly about . '| d o n s o y 'e s g s e n n e e d -t tbe next room. I could hear tlie deep ma* taring of his wrath as he called duwn m&lttdictiail;! ou the head of his prospective son-iu-'aw At the time passed his words becninc blt-nde^l together, indicating that he had been drinking heavily, aud once or twice he staggcre.l violent ]y against the door, almost breaking into the room iu which I sat. ," He will certainly hurst tbe door open," I said to myself ; "he will mistike me for Bruvrn and before be discovers his error I shall be slain and then it will be too late for me to prove mj , - s y , , y f o t , t. r: o o ; r, d e it ll e e , ts is ir e identity. 1 shtll have died tbe death of a sup posed burglar." Several times I made up mymindtostfj out of the room and rscape ; but the fuotstep: of tbe infuriated father rounded dnngero;i*b near ; I was unacquainted with the hulls anc and lock by which the front door was fastened and did net think it was possib'e to remove tliei without making noise enough to start my vigilant neighbour on mj track. How long I continued wrapped in my own uiv comfortable inflections I do not know. I< seemed to be an age I could almost hear mi heart beat in the sombre stillness of that dart room, but the ceaseless tramp continued, anc the hours" rolled on until I was iu di spair, anc the conviction forced itself oa my mind that 1 should never get out of that bouse alire. A' last I he»r<! the rustliug of a woman's drcs: near me, and the noise in the street of a passing carriage, which appeared to stop nesr. Tiiet a female voice said :— h h- y n d - , e - , n - '* We are all ready. Make no noise, auc follow me."' Silently, and as quick as passible, she led im tu tbe ball door.where the younger Mi«s Ssndyi tremblingly stood. The bolls were drawn, th< key was turned in tbe lock, and in a second were in the street, where Mr. Brown's cr.rriag' awaited us. For a min weighing two hundred an l fift« pouuds Brown displayed a wonderful amount c 1 activity. In less thau two seroadi he had jump ed from bi6 se»t, kissed his prospective wift fifty times at least, lifted her hodily from thi sidewalk and placed heron the seat be-iie lii:n Miss Satidts aud I quickly follow.<1, IT time was lost in leaving the dangerous vicinity Presently Mr. Browu, who st erued to be of : facetious turn of mini), introdu.-cd a new phasi in the elopement. Addressing himself poin'cd ly to nie, whose acquaiut~ncesbip be had jus formed, he remarked : — "Come, Stanton, Sarah and myself are gi>in: to get married, anil it is a good time for yoi and May ta follow suit. What do you think o tbe idea Y' " Oh, Dick, don't I" gipglcd Miss Sandys " We never dreamed of Mich a thing when wi started We only want to see you ami Saral safely through. fsu't tliat≪, Mr. Stanton she coquet'ishly added. Here was a predicament for a bashful b iv <-1 How could I affront tbe young lady l» refusing her band ? Aud yet I felt 1 could no marry her ; better the revolver irom which .' hail ju&t; escaped than that 1 Fortunately for me. Brown did all tbe tilkin; and now ceased urging the matter until tb< carriage stopped at the minister's residence where we all alighted. Just before we ascend ed tiie steps he turned around and delivertd hi parting admonition • " Now as soon as the minister completes tin ceremonies in our case, you and May can stef forward and take our places, and in a fen mo ments you uill lol'i be made happy for life Don't be afraid ; it will be >11 right !" I suppose the man was joking ; he saw m; trepidaliun, and wished to have a little fun al my expense. But to me the matter was a grin reality. I have never been sentenced to capitpunishment. bat I know I experienced, whtlf ascending those steps, the exact sensations of ; man who is about to mount the rcaffold, an. sees, for the first time, the rope by which he i: to be executed. I remember bow my limb: trembled, and feel convinced I looked as whit* as ghosts are said to look,allhough I have never seen one. Side by side Miss May and I followed Brown and his prospective bride to the minister's stud)-. The solemn words were pronounced which united them for ever, and ere tbey were ended I made up my mind to escape bsfore it was too late. The door being left open I retreated in haste without the formality of a farewell, and never stopped running until I reached my owu door. What Miss Sandys thought of my flight I dc not know, as 1 never saw her afterwards ; neither can I divine her motive in placing one wbo was almost a stranger to ber in S3ch a trying position. Yes, I plead guilty to having made a cowardly retreat at least once in my life; and yet—would any of you have beet) braver ? SARAH'S CHAIRS. Sarah Bernhardt'^ newest freak—if report 8peaks truly—is calculated to inspire the ijreat tragedienne's intending visitors witb some alarm. In one of her reception roonit the furniture has been selected with a view to surprises, which may amuse the hostess bnt uot her victims. For instance, in e prominent position stands an armchair of the cosiest description, inviting repose. Woe, however, to the unwary being who seats bim or herself therein, for a smart tap on the head causes tbe intruder to spring np again promptly. Another has arms which close upon the occupant, who ie powerless to stir until released. Probably her friends will think twice in the future before accepting the divine Sarah's hospitality. _ " I wonder why the Jiving machine is so long about getting out P" queried the scientific boarder. " As near as I can figure it oat," said the cheerful idiot, " Ihe trouble seems to be a defedivoflew." * * " How do you like my new dining-room motto, ' Eat, driuk, aud bp merry, for tomorrow you die * ? " asked the boarding-house lady of the old boarder. {think it very appropriate," he said, witb a euggt stive glum at the famine before him. • • Little Boy: " What's the difference between an advanced woman and any other woman ? " Little Girl: "Why, dont you knowF An ordinary woman doesn't let her hnsbaud know that she is managing bits, but- MSdwmd woman doe». n * 1 PAINTER, Wi S. BURNS, SIG If WRITER, PAPER HANGER, HOUSE DECORA 