POINTS. The Christmas number of the JPeeh, illus trated. will be ready on December 15. Agents .and others please order, early. The best weekly paper in Queensland. Send itto your friends. Illustrated, price only 3d, £70,875. 'Just fancy, this is the amonnt of money invested in Adams's six sweeps on tho Molbourno Cop. £23,G25. Out of the amount invested £23,G25 camo to four winners in Queenslaiid, ay one-third of the total amount. , One in Cairns ; one. in Fortitude Valley ; ono in Longrcauh : ono in Croydon. Surely the suppression of gambling in Queensland must ho moro observed in the breach than ifs observance ; folks will huvo their " bit " ori. . V.R.C. Meeting. Herbert Power,, owner of Merriwee, took £5,076 out of '.tiio £15,452 distributed in. prize money by tho V.R.C. Dkweyiuii two seconds and one third at the V.R C. meeting. Joe Thompson bad a £20,000 double book on the Cosarewitoh and Cambridgeshire. The first pvmt was won bv a favourite. So it looks as though Joo is in 'for a bad time. The Molbourno Cup this yeUr'.was worth £3,543 and a £l< 0 trophy. The Cesurowitob Stakes was won by Scin- tillunt. 3Nyenrs old, carrying G st. 10 lbs., who started equal .favourito with Irish Ivy at 6 to 1, And won by a'head from Ercildoune, a 20 to I chance. Doing the 2 miles 2 furlongs and 35 yards in 4 mins. 2 3/5 sees. Queensland cricketers and Queensland rowers did not sbiuo very brilliantly oil Saturday hist. The performance of our rower in thcintcr- stnte eight-oar contest was extremely dis- uppointmg. " . They, actually finished last and behind South Australia; who, it was alleged had no water to practice on when it wus decided to enter a crew for the contest. President Kruger has a rather largo number of British soldiers under his thumb as prisoners. IlKPOBE.mauy weeks are over he, however, will perhaps bo glad to release thorn in ex chanuro for some of his own ni >n. I iiosb vho feared the magazine at Lady- smith had been blown up, will probably .find Mint tho Boer explanation, that tho explosion was with respect to a railway bridgo, is correct. All the Winners. See Christmas number of the Week, illustrated; prieo 3d. Order early. Sowk people fanny it is nu easy matter to get damages from a newspaper. But most people who huvo endeavoured to do so have bitterly repented their 4 action." Not iiecnttso of having to pay costs only, bur. for oLlinr reasons. Tiiby do say that now that the 'Railways Committee Bill has been virtually defeated, The Premier cannot see the necessity for bringing the franchise Into lino with the systems of the other States. But. then, people will talk, you know. Tats boing suspected there is a great furore iu certain quarters, And 44 they " say to one another, 44 Woll, wo omrht to have knowu better than trust such a man." But unless J.R.D. passes that Electoral Reform Bill, , . He wiil puss nothing else, and the sitting will be a vcritablo long Parliament. The question by Mr. JCioston to tho Pre mier. How do you expect to carry on with a doubtful majority of one?" Was pointed, and perhups it contained a veiled threat. Chbistjca8 Burglar. See Christmas number ot the Week. Order curly. Price 3d'. ; illustrated. Queensland has lost the intercolonial eight-oar raco at Melbourne, uh was antici pated. Tho reports show flint, tho men trained remarkably well in the timo at their disposal. In. competing for the sculliug championship the Qiieemriutidcr Slack has had to give up his laurels to Daley, a now oursinau from. Nov/ South Wales. Queensland has opened the cricketing sea.-on raihor badly. However there is no Huffieimit reason why wo should bo last iu ull athletics, and we must look to our men to redeem our position, which thoy must do by paying atrcntion to every detail, uud going in for very thorough training. Perhaps the scruples about selecting Eng lish footballer Adurnson to represent Queens land in cricket will disappear before the team for the return mutch is selected. A contemporary on .Saturday in describing Great Yarmouth 'and its famous narrow rows," heads tho paragraph as 4 A Village's Distinction." This is remarkable in speaking of a city of 50, MOO inhabitants, and one of the largest — if not the largest — fishing ports in the United Kingdom. Evidently the subeditor's ideas of English towns are rather hazy. News of the proposed revision of th© cricket rules to shorten tho length of test matches will bo hoartily welcomed by cricketers here. The number of drawn games last year was provukingly numerous. Ghost in Brocade. See Christmas number of tho jyeeUt illustrated ; price 3d. Order early. It is clear from the list wo have received t.Hat the numbers of British prisoners in tlin Transvaal arc mounting up. So are tho lossos of the Boers in killed" aud captured. Tho former must be a formidable figure now if it could be only learnt. The wreck of the armoured train at Woenon is a uasty hit, but there were equally hunt blows struck at the Boors at tho samo timo iu other places. General Bullkr's plans are fast maturing. Tho force going to the reltof of ICimbcrloy, and the flunking column moving towards Bloemfontein, will give the enemy desperately hard times in tho Free State. Tho men going to relievo Ladysmith will fully occupy the Boers iu that direction. News should be soon to hand of two big battles, to my nothing of skirmishes. If Australiau forces only do as well as tho Natul colonial forces have already dono, we shall have no reusou to bo ashamed of them. he Christmas number of the Week, illus trated, willboroady on December. 15. Agents and others please order early. The best weekly, paper in QueenNluud. Send it to your friends. Illustrated, price only 3d. 