LADIES' COLUMN. SOCIAL. Yours sincerely, VIOLET. fCorrespondents will bo kind enough to address their communication*! —to arrive not Inter than Thursday forenoon* for pub lication—to “Violet,” Independent Office, Hcndiao.l My dear Maude, —The next meeting of the Shakespeare Club is to be held at Mrs. J. Cohn's residence, “Horsens,” on Friday the 28th. Scenes from “As You Like It” will bo subjects of rood but and discussion* On Thursday evening Mrs. Vahland gave a most enjoyable euchre party, and on Fri day night the friends of the Mieses Watson were entertained at their residence, Ander son street, in a like manner. . Mrs. Abbott will be “At Home* on Fri day evening next, Tho marriage of Mr. Fred, Bush, third son of Mr. Albert Bush, of “Landsdowue," to Miss Maud Steele, daughter of the late Air. T. Steele, of Melbourne, is to take place on Wednesday next in the Ohureh of England at Filzroy. Tho Von. Archdeacon McCullagh will officiate. Bush’s store on Thursday was tho scene of a very pleasant ceremony, when the em ployes of the firm presented Mr. Fred. Bush with a handsome silver cheese and biscuit stand, and a case of beautifully en graved silver fruit knives and forks, Tho manager, Mr. C. R> Stilwoll, in a few ap propriate remarks, made the presentation. Mr. Bush in responding, thanked the em ployes for the good feeling displayed, and hoped that it would always exist between them and himself. Tennis is in full swin" again at the Ben digo tenuis courts. Single and double tour naments arc being played, which excites the members to work hard, each being anxious to win, Tho Misses Gray and Clarice Groan are the guests of Mrs. J. H. Abbott, of “Edge bastonia,'" A happy time was passed on Thursday evening by the juvenile friends of Mrs. Arthur Walker at her residence, Barnard street. Miss Maggie Stirling made her first public appearance in London, at tho Sacha Orches tral Concert, in tho Queen's Hall, on June 6, when she was entirely successful. Her rich, mellow voice was heard with admirable results in Tschnikowsky s “Jeanne d’Arc.” Tho same success attended her second num ber, “Lascia ch’io pionga." Accounts are to band of the farewell bene fit tendered to Miss Lalla Miranda at La Hague on tho 1st of May. After the second act Miss Miranda was presented by the man agement with a gold and diamond necklace, and by a number of subscribers with a very valuable ring. A number of other presen tations were also made, including a magnifi cent travelling bag. Tho Australian diva was on tho final curtain overwhelmed with applause by an enthusiastic audience, who loaded her with flowers, and as tho orchestra burst out in a grand burst of melody cheered her to tho echo. Last Monday’s Warsaw Courier (says a Paris telegram of Juno 8 in the London Daily Mail) announces that Paderewski was mar ried on May 31, with tho utmost secrecy, to Miss Helen Rosen,at the Church of t he Holy Ghost in Warsaw. The newly-married couple are now in Paderewski’s villa near Lausanne, where they intend to sjTpnd their honeymoon. I There is a fashion in diseases, sometimes : misnamed epidemics (says Punch). To bo i in genteel society in Sydney just now you inusft have rheumatism in some form, of which .tho most aristocratic is rheumatic gout. It became bruited abroad some weeks ago that rheumatism was going to bo “tho thing' in Sydney, bub now that it has been whispered that the Earl of Beauchamp is, suffering from rheumatic gout in his left hand, you must simply be rheumatic, or die. This is not a joke, but a sober fact; 