Ghost Stories, Bt Kate Thorn, Of all the abominable practices of which sensible grown people can be guilty, that of telling ghost stories to children Is the most abominable. Ths man who would do it ooght to be tied up in a dark cellar, and be danced around by a troop of Jack-oM&nterne; till daybreak ; and the woman who would do it ought to be obliged to forego winter bate and big sleeves, and dress in ghostly white the reBt of her life. Who believes in ghosts! Does any body ? Did any living person ever Bee one, without the help of the imagination 1 Children's minds are new— they easily receive impressions, and first impressions are lasting. What unimaginable terrors the poor little things have suffered through the indiscretion of their elders in repeating before tbem some silly story In which a ghost figured I They learn to be afraid of the dark. They will not go to bed without some one to sit by them nntil sleep comes, lest the ghost may put in an appearance. And if they wake up iu the night, they cover their heads In the bed-clothes, and lie still and tremble, and perspire, and wish they could hear somebody's rooster crow, ! so that they could be sure morning was coming. Grown people thoughtlessly repeat stories of tbe supernatural, and descant npon signs, before children, never dream ing of tbe trouble and distress they are causing. Not long ago, a dear little girl came to us, with tears In her eyes and terror on her face, and in trembling tones, asked us if we believed that breaking & looking- glass wbb a sign of death ? Upon questioning her, she told us, with a great deal of evident distress, that she had broken a mirror, and that her annt had told her it was a sure sign of death in the family ; and the poor child's nearest relative being a dearly-loved mother, her fears had turned to her, and she was well-nigh distracted at the thought of losing her. Shd had not slept the whole night before, she said, and we mentally wished that we had the power to punish the foolish old aunt. One sign we believe in sincerely— when you find a person who is continually croaking abont this thing and that thing being a sign of coming misfortune or destb, it is a sure sign that there fs something l&ckiug; abont the mind of that particulai person. Can any reasonable, sensible man or woman believe that if God was about to take us hence, iHe would cause us to break a looking glass in order to warn ue? Would He send ub an intimation of what was coming by the tick of an insect in tbe wall ! or the crowiug of a broken up sitting hen on the doorstep ? Let us be done with such absurdities 1 Life is too real, too earnest, to be fooled away In any snch manner as this. Let the other world alone ! God will take care of It. If He had designed us to know abont it, things wonld have been arranged so that we could have understood without the agency of table tippings. bell ringings, and the waving of spirit hands through cabinets curtained with green cambric, and made to conceal 44 presences" who are engaged in the business which most of this world's people follow — money making. Bot let ue entieat you— whatever ab surdities of ghost and spirit conversations you may indulge in, let it not be before children— for you make tbem unhappy, and plant within them tho germs of & supernatural fear, which will torment them all through life. 