FOREIGN MISSION WORK. Interesting Addresses By The Rev. Arthur Storrs, M.A. On Sunday lust, at St. Paul's Church, Carapcrdown, two eloquent Hermann were delivered by the Rev. Arthur Starrs, M.A., missionary from Tinnovelly, India. The morniuf; discourse.was b\\(t<\ upon a portion of the sth verse of 3rd chapter of Titus, "The Renewing of tho Holy Ghost." Tho preacher referred tr> tho great distinction between the first Easter nf the Church and its Whitsuntide. Evstcr might bo called tbe birthday of Christianity. There was life in the Church then, but it was not a life nf ex pansion. The descent of the Holy Spirit upon the Day of Pentecost awakened the missionary spirit. Whit made the timor ous Peter, who shrank away at the voice of a woman, the brave aud heroic apostle I The renewing of the Holy 'Apirit; and it was a like ctuso which changed the fngVonad di??ipU? in*the ■ ■|i|ilil room into courageous Christiansready to die for Christ. The1 prejeWr urgeo1 tlie necessity for sustaining foreign mission work. There might be regular attendance on the means of grace, but there must bo a spiritual expansion, which embraced not merely the parish, or ono'e own country, but tho world. It had been asked, why not attend to our home missions instead of devoting so much attention to tba heathen. If tho polioy' of the first apostles had been to narrow and restrict their teachings to Jerusalem, what would have been the sUto uf tho world to- day. The English speaking rue owed their re ligious life, in i great neacare, to tho ef fort* of the missionaries of the early Christian Church, who went to tbe utter most parts of the then known world with tho messago of salvation. And what prejudices had to be overcome !To tho Jewa the name '•Gentile" was a bye word. " The Jews bad no dealings with the Samaritans." Wer* there not similar prejudices in our own day ? There were tho Chinese and the Aboriginals in Aus tralia. Here, then, was our Samaria. He had travelled through the colonies, but could tee little evidence tbet_ , the Church had recognised its ..opportunities in tbe eases of these despised outs. Referriag more'particu larly to foreign missions, great as was the work accomplished, great was the work yet to be performed. . What m Camper down doing to aid in that work J One hundred aud twenty yean ago in India a converted Hindoo woman, the wife of an Englishman, opened a small church, to which people of all castes were welcomed. Today, in that district of iOO z 70 miles, there were 85,000 baptised members of the Church of England. Pariah*, scouted by tbe Brahmins, and stinking through rice fields, byeways and jangles, to avoid the scorn of the higher classes, had been changed from feroiity and paganism to ChrUtiana fall of gentleness; and courage for the troth, filled'with a missionary spirit which leaped beyond the boands of their own borne*, and carried into distant lands, with different languages, tbe gospel tidings. Some of these native preachers had gone to Uganda, and taSend martyr dom, burnt by the ?rders of the cruel Kins; Warn: ;In one instance, when stcme* were throWatbtW Coring preach ing, - the- nativer- had, with ' their own bodies,' shielded hiss from injury. He preacher then in stanced tbe case of a high caste Brahmin, who from the day he was baptised aa a Christian, was denied entrance to bis old home, but was happy in the troth thas he still hsd his Heavenly Father and brothers and sisters in the Church of Christ. To meet the wants of the mission-fields, mis sionaries were wanted M well as funds. He referred to the Misses Sunders, who left the comforts of their homes in Melbourne for mission work in China, and were massacred by a mob of Chines*. Thsir self sacrificing teal was not lost, for hundreds in that district wen' taming from darkness into the light of the Gospel. ■• The blood i>f the martyrs was tbe seed of tbe church." The life of tbe missionary was no e*?y one. In tbe preacher's case it had taken him 3 yean to speak the difficult Tamil tongas with flueocy. To-day tbe Oovetnssent officials almost invariably use the grammars sod 4ic6oMTiM prepared by ilis sihsiiiniriii to Uero the laajnuge of thesmwrry. The aissiesarias had entered iato clow toveh with the people, and thiii lcen>ed to ? press, as no Government official eonld, the feelings, and thoughts, and aspirttioM of Jhe Hindoor _He" concluded by hi appeal for Uie'pfayere and eippbrt of this congregation. •-■ ■■•- The evening sermon wm on tbe M, Mth. and l*tfa .wnjsiel^ti: ib ijsl ■ of Bevektion. feswrsme; so *be |M assjti tode slothed ia white rosaa e*i with ■alsM w twair sMswla MtawUe jktwM of bod. The preedMr tsid teweejhtt- w?j? ■sore impressive tasa • ml enerd sf people. When Ikm faomi hii wkit* throne gated on his milUon warrior* aad thought bow tuon they would {?? awaj, the n-lfiah libertine bunt into Usta. -It tv imprentivt to iSiliiJX <Uk?i|? ?■ Port Said, • gnat ta*b?r^ iJ.dMMK nations, tongwasv-wad "SwatsMaasv ?r at immense multitudes at Hyde Park, Mad with one isnpulse, one dominant id**, {■ iccftest against someiu?poaed tojo?tfe?; .but to*, most aublimaand impressM eight would be the great multitude wbbni do man could number, of all nation* and kindreds and tongues, met with oajs p?r poie, to give all glory, hwior and power to God, who hud redeemed them: ' God's' complete family, gathered at last, et> bracing nil who had believed in him. Hi* Seer of P?tmos could give no answer to the question of the Elder, " What are these which are arrayed in white robe*." save, "Thou knowest, sir?" It took the apostles a long time to grasp the truth that salvation was not for tha Jewa alone. Even some church going people seemed to think that God was tbo peculiar God of the whites, forgetting that when Chlisb came into tho world he came to tare the world; that Christ, speaking of his humanity, was not a European but an 'Asiatic, and that the Christian religion took its rise, not in Europe, but in Alia. Under'the great obfation the despised Chinee, whom we tried to keep out of the colonies, would, if a true believer, be is tbe) great throng belore the throne. Anil til* Hindoo and low-typed aboriginal; wnald be there if washed in the Moot of the Lamb. That was the esaao-; tial condition fur heavenly citiieaahi—y ■The-English eouH not cisisn.a* eqtjEcfr (in th 6 grounds uf refinement or mMhmt. civilisation, but only if they believ'esVand had been cleansed, for nuthing thafde?~ fileth shall enter there. In India million*; were striving and longing for salvation id other ways. Hindoo women had under- taken toilsome journeys to prostrate them selves before sonio hideout eby image. A powerful Maharajah had gone ou pil gtimagn to sacred atrMtnt, to holy tanks, and shrines, but Will without peace to the soul. The | rjacher had stood by one of th? sacred bathing places where a cool stream(named the removal of goilt) gustu-s down from tbu hills. Men, careless and indifferent, were chatting of next day's marketing in the midst of their worship.' Pious women were there with dark, yearn ing eyes fixed in devotion. One old man was carving fiom the rock an image of tlieob?c?n? god Krishna, saying he must do something for his god. What a rebuke such a remark from a Hindoo implied to those Christiana who were using the keen abilities nf mind and body fur their own I pleasure and indulgence, with no'thought of the duties they owe to their fellows. Such should not forgot the fate of the man who hid his talent in a napkin. In the vision of St. John, something more was required than the white robe i>f purity, fur the heavenly host had palms in their bands, the symbol of- victory. Thus Christiana •hould not bo merely cleansed but should trample under feet the world, the flesh, and the devil, overcoming by the divine power of tho Iloly Spirit, the vices of temper, impurity, or other sins. Another point was that the great throng was not ashamed to testify as to what Ood had done for them. Christianity now-vdays was made too easy. Men and women were afraid to make a bold tonfession of faith for fear of ridicule. Those described in the text, moreover, came out of great tribulation. Some people spoke as though persecutions were of toe days of Nero, when Christians were- act on lire to act as lighted torches as the Roman tyrant passed through his pleasure gardens. But to-day Dot only in China but in ludia, even under the Britith rule, Christian converts were being subjected to bitter or petty persecution.. In India a leading police official had Touched for this. The home*, of, Christians had been -had-* been -<nade against some ; others had been imprisoned by their people in cells to compel recantation, but itill had held on triumphantly to the troth. In conclusion the preacher referred to tho great rcsponiibility retting upun the Church. The Synod of Bithope In England had decreed that it was the foremost duty of the Church to carry tho tidings of the gospel to those who wcro iv darkness. Some of the laity thought it their duty to keep the gospel tv themselves. This was not like Christ who left Heaven to save humanity; nor like Pnul, who was shipwrecked and im prisoned iv bis endeavors to eitend Christianity. There were what Drum mond termed " parasites of the pew," who thought the Church services w?re> most comforting, but overlooked tho claims of the millions who were passing to the tomb without any reliable hope for the great future. Let such Christians re member thst the spirit of Christianity is ealf-xacri6ce for the purpose of saving others. Tbe duty to pray, to work, to give, was essential. 