THE EVERLASTING GHOST. A Hijuxfcon* TW*t TXv.t* Ilatic IV«S> rcsB In TU*;u( of Years. Wo are asked to brlUvo in g*iosii uo* causo In overy nge there have been ghost stories. But would f-t not ho more nat ural to supposo that in every ago the hu man mind has been subject to aberra tions, and that some spadix weakness or irregularity of the mental constitution or of tho physical organ, the brain, on which all thinking, so far ns wo nru aware, de pends, has probably given rise to this particular class of hallucinations? Yf'o cannot pretend ns yet to know tho nihvl thorouglily in health ira(i disease, but this we do know, that there aro thou sands and millions of person? whose lives are never intruded oij by ghosts and ' "^'^""'Wno Rnow awsoluteiy nothing of "occult” phenomena. According to a reverend gentleman’s figures, only ono woman in twelve and ono man in ten has had any “occult” experiences. Now, what we should like very much to have wonld bs a further analysis of these figures show Ing tho percentage of flighty or other wise ill balanced minds among tho "oc cult” and the “nonoccnlt” (if wo may bo apply tho words) classes respectively. Our own experience would lead us to believe that the proportion would he vastly larger in the former class than in tho latter. Who has not known many examples of tho tremulous, nervous, hy persensitive, wonder loving, hysterical or semihysterical type of constitution among tho devotees of ghost lore? And if such examples occur, as we believe they must, to the mind of every one, is it not at least a probable inference that “occultism” in its various phases has something to do with that kind of mind! The ghost may ho very ancient, hut wo do not believe in him the more. Tho trouble about him is that lie bos made no progreos since tho earliest times. In fact, on tho whole, he has fallen hack. We shonid not ho disposed to talk of tho “levitation" of Elijah ourselves had not the Rev. Mr. Haweis used tho term be fore us. But if, following tho reverend gentleman's lead, wo consider the proph et’s alleged translation in that light, surely it was a most successful feat in “levitation,” nud a littlo ahead of any thing the modem world can show. And, speaking generally, the appari tions and visions and other spiritual or occult phenomena of ancient times had more “body” to them than those of our own day. If therefore tho ghost has made no progress in tho course of three or four thousand years, if ho is just as uninstructivc and inconsequent a phe nomenon now as ho was when wo first encountered him, if not a littlo more so, wo may perhaps bo pardoned for think ing that he may be safely and fairly ig nored by people who huvo an average amount of business to uttend to.—Pop ular Science Monthly. 