THE SaccLrjn lVardij !bxpess ESTABLISHED 1866. SATURDAY, DECEIl.?BER 80, 1899. Mn. STEAD is a picturesque figure, both as an individual, and as a journalist with the widest range of output of any of his class. But, like most picturesque people, he does not edit himself efiough. The exaltation of nonsense in the form of some hastily adopted prejudice or theory too frequently runs away with his sense. In his article upon Cecil Rhodes, in the December number of the iReriew ofj Reviews, he makes the absurdly exaggerated estimate of his hero for the moment (to be cast aside next month, prob ably) that "the loss of Mr. Rhodes would be felt alike by our friends and foes throughout the world as a greater blow to the Empire than any conceivable reverse that might be inflicted upon British arms." There is not a shadow of justifica tion for saying that of any human being. Mr. Rhodes is a man with excellent ideals, and enormous op portunities, which he has made little or no use of. His chin shows that he is a weak man. He is a replica of Napoleon III. Mr. Stead puts into his mouth a lot of maud lin presumption as to a " 50-per cent.-chance God" which sane people should not trouble their minds with. It is sufficient for them to know that order reigns in the Universe, as far as Science has revealed the Universe, and that man's attempts to define what that order is are, and always have been, in the truest sense of the word, blasphemous. Mr. Stead, and Mr. Rhodes (so far as the latter can be held responsible for the rubbish Mr. Stead puts into his mouth) need not trouble themselves about 100 per cent., 50 per cent., or 40 per cent. deities; nor as to Darwin's " sur vival of the fittest" conclusions. His premiss is quite sufficient for the human race to take as its start ing point in Cosmos, and the white race as its " survival" up to the present. Curiously enough Mr. Stead leads Mr. Rhodes by the hand like his little boy to this ab stract worship of the "English speaking man-British American, Australian, or South African-as the type of the race which does now, and is likely to continue to do in the future, the most practical effec tive work to establish justice, to promote liberty, and to ensure peace over the widest possible area of the planet," but there he leaves this "English-speaking man" without any form of government. This can hardly be accidental on Mr. Stead's part. The fact is that although he prattles about methods of govern ment more than other man living, and reaches a larger audience, he has never escaped from Popery of the most absurd and fanatical and non-Catholic kind. His Pope is a will-o'the- wisp. At one time it is Gladstone, at another the Emperor William, at another the Czar of Russia; just now it appears to be Rhodes. And as a background to his Popery he has a strong Non comformist prejudice against all forms of sacerdotalism, while re taining its premiss, anthropomor phism. Whatever Rhodes and Stead do or think or say is a matter of interest, certainly, as they are both prominent men, but the hffman race will only find its Mecca in British Imperialism of the Con stitutional-Monarchy plus Parlia mentary- government type, and yet Mr. Stead makes no mention of an Executive for his "English-speak ing man." Mr. Stead need not trouble himself about inventing a deity, and finding language for him, as he does (per poor Mr. Rhodes) as follows :-" Therefore, said Mr. Rhodes to himself, in his curious way-If there be a God, and he cares anything about what I do, I think it is clear that he would like me to do what He is doing Himself. And as he is manifestly fashioning the English-speaking race as the chosen instrument by which He will bring in a state of society based upon Justice, Liberty, and Peace, He must obviously wish me to do what I can to give as much I scope and power to that race as i possible. Hence, if there be a God, I think that what he would like me to do is to paint as much of the U map of Africa British red as pos sible, and to do what I can else where to promote the unity and ex tend the influence of the English speaking race." As we have al ready said, there is nothing so dis- t honouring to the human race as the enormous mass of blasphemy i created by endeavouring to embody in an entity man's successive crude ideas of Cosmos-past, present, and future. British Imperialism (of the kind we have indicated) is the all sufficient new Crusade for all prac tical purposes, and even for all re ligious ones, for they all fall into their proper subordinate places under the British flag. Some verses quoted at the Presbyterian General Assembly by the Moderator thereof (Rev. W. C. Wallace, M.A., at one time tutor at Ingliston) meet our views exactly, and he quoted them as embodying his views as to a "God immanent in the forces that are moulding humanity," and as having been written by an American divine: A parish priest of austerity Climbed up in a high church steeple, To be nearer God, that so he might hand His word down to the people. And in sermon script he wrote each day What he thought sent down from heaven, And dropped it down on the people's heads Two times one day in seven. In his age God said, " Come down and die." And he called out from the steeple "Where art Thou, Lord ?" and the Lord replied, " Down here among the people." 1 LnuGE deposits of iron ore are known to exist at Coimadai, and at i one time it was probable that Eng 1 lish capital would develope them by. r carting the ore to the sea coast for furnace treatment. The demand i for iron is increasing, by something t like a million tons per year, and the price has risen from 43s. per ton to 70s. There may soon be a rail way from Bacchus Marsh to Coima a dai, and if so we should get our much desired station on Stamford t hill. Commencing with next issue, the price of the Express will be 10s. per year, or 12s. when posted. Miss H. Paterson, heon. secretary to the Bacchus Marsh Ladies' Benevolent So c3 iety, begs to acknowledge with thanks 3 the receipt of the following donations: t Captain Percy Chirnside, M.L.A., £3; Mrs. B. B. Mogg, £1; Mrs. G. C. Kelly, £1 1s.; Mrs. Albert Miller, 10s.; Mr. \- Molesworth Greene, .l. The proceeds of the concert on Wed nesday evening were £6 6s. net. It is not thought that the Institute will be charged for, and there are no other ex penses. Prize-winners at Boxing day sports, who s have not yet received their money, can t obtain the same on application to the hon. t Secretary, Mr. F. G. Howe. The diameter of logs in wood-chopping competition was 18 inches. The boot race for youths, 16 yrs. and under was won by S. Lay; 2nd, Mann. Barnel race for boys e -1st, ErnestOliver; 2nd, Ted Kennedy. The ladies who managed the Boxing t day luncheon expect to hand over about 1 £26 to the Trustees, which amount is 'about equal to last year, although there was a loss owing to the 2 hotels at Mad dingley having reduced their joint sub . scription from £5 to £1, on account of a r license now being held at the railway station. The gate money at Maddingley Park Swas £28/8/, or rather more than last year. Mr. Bence had a successful sale of stock on Thursday, and Messrs. M'Phail had a e good sale also on Wednesday. The 2 dairy farms at Coimadai offered for sale on Thursday last by Messrs. Pear son, Rowe, Smith & Co. and Mr. G. A. Bence (in conjunction) were not sold pub 5 licly, but may soon be disposed of privately. The best bids were £4/4 and £4/8/6 per 3 acre. Residents in this district who knew Mr. Milsom during his short stay in Bacchus Marsh were sorry to hear on Friday, 22nd inst., that he was drowned that day at the e public bathing place at Euroa, in which s town he was employed by Mr. Bird as a draper's assistant. The accounts of the sad occurrence which have been published Sstate that the deceased went to the river Sduring luncheon hour, and as he did not e return enquiries were made, when his clothes were found hung upon a tree, and his body was subsequently taken out of a waterhole 7 feet- deep. A bazaar in aid of the Melbourne Hos. 'f pital is to be held in Melbourne during I Easter, and the Mayoress of Melbourne I has addressed a letter to, all newspapers asking them to receive donations of goods or money towards the above object. In definite appeals of this kind are of little f use. Duly accredited collectors, travelling everywhere, and accepting half-crowns or shillings, would do far more good. Messrs. Campbell & Sons announce the sale for Saturday, 13th Jan., of the late Mr. S. Crisp's cottage and lucerne block. We have received a copy of a school annual, called The Xaveroian, issued by Sthe pupils of St. Francis Xavier's College, .Kew, a very high-class establishment, both architecturally and scholastically. \- The magazine is singularly free from 3 rectorial or managerial control, and in Sfuture issues there should be a separate section of the magazine devoted to pre senting the College to its supporters in its historical, educational, and managerial aspects. Perhaps tihere is such a publica tion, issued separately, but if so it should be amalgamated with the one under notice. The size of page should be enlarged. The printing of the present issue is not first class, although it aims to be so,- and a re dundant " d" in the-spolling of a word on page 35 is rather awkward in a school magazine. MIessrs. Matterson & Perryman, of 126 Sturt street, Ballarat, advertise this week their Diamond cycles, which have a high record for racing successes and general Sexcellence, T'RA iINS, UZ'l'.ON, Or conversion of food into ipure richl blood, must be coplepo, ordyspepsia and indigestios ensue. Iso perfect the process Ujee Weol'es Schnspps. I y:i !yed most laughably and consistently :throughout, being well backed up by ,Mr. Teerly, while Mr. Little, as a Dutch' landlord, filled in the background very copiously, evidently enjoying the situation immensely. IHe was " very pleased they had come to his house," and no doubt many of the audience knew that they had comle to his house, in a very literal sense, for it was Mr. Little's pluck which put the programme under notice on the stage when it was in danger of going into " recess" for this year at anyrate. Bacchus Marsh is an excellent place for training willing people to be very useful, each in their different ways, and Mr. Little's ways are many-sided. Of course, without Mr. Robert Morton the programme would have lacked robustness to face the public, even with the powerful aid 1 of Messrs. Colebrook and Harris, who are indispensable for chorus work, as well as for solos. Miss Simpson, too, as pianiste, lent constant and most valuable aid. Mr. Charles Oliver, as r scenic artist, and property man, and general encourager, was not the least valuable of the collective forces neces sary to put what some persons who have I not tried stage management may regard I as a very simple thing-a one night's programme-before an audience. We have good hope that the organisation iiow so creditably developed by Messrs. i Teerly, Morton, Little & Co., will, in the words of Rip Van Winkle, " live long and prosper," helping all our local institutions, for even those not directly benefited by the minstrels' performances. have to take their share of the " Bac chus Marsh man's burden" of support ing the score or so of local organisations which put out appealing hands like Banquo's ghosts in ian endless proces sion every year. 