His Ideal:-._ "9 0 on bhold fast to your idealst" she acted. "I wouldif Ihada cha?ce," he answered, softly. " You are mine." ,.The Spur. She: "ou will have to work hard if you win her." The"Poet: rI'll have to work harder if I don't." U: seless;" "See. 'yer,' here's a German clock I hought for yer in New York."' -Good grcacious; Hiram'! how foolish. You know I can't understand a word of German." l Trutlhfulness Pays. He: "Do you dawnce?" She (who has been informed that he is a bore): "No." li: "Neither do I. Let's spend the evening just talking to each ether."--Life. Had All She Needed. He (after a long explanation as to why he loves her) : "In view of all this. Miss Marlow- Estolle-I offer yeou my hand." She: "Thank you, Mr. Sorely, but really the two I hare are all I need." The ,Tlred Oyster. An oyster said to himself one night, At the start of a banquet spread: H Here I'm at supper with these swell folks, SWhen I'd rather be home in my bed." S --Philadelphia Times. Curious Term. The magician threiw a teacup into the air, ad it came downro infragment Then he threw the fragmentstin the air, and the top came-dowi *hole: NOw why should every one call him- saucerere The Feline's Fate. Mrs. McTerrigan: "Phwhat's become of O'Learey's ould yellow tom-eat?" Mrs. O'Dooley: "I deno; but their daughther Molly is eportin'.wan o' this new fashion mink hoeys."-BreehlyszoEgte. A Russian Joke. At a country all. "My dear sir, you have just stepped on'my partner's foot. I' demand satisfaction,"..,Oh, certainly; yonder sits my wife-.go and step on her foot."-Peterburgshayoa;Gst,. No Danger. !"Thew is ose'' thing I dioad," remarked Johnson, ¶and that is a prem. ature burial." "Don't worry about that," repliedBrown. "Thething is impossible; there's no danger of your being buried too soon." Two Dialects. Miss Brownstone (at the reception): "Let us again. converse in French, Count." -The Count: 'I shall be most happy, to comply. er-shall ve talk in your French or in my French? "-Chicago News. A Lakeside Success. "I hear you took the' Went by storm." "Well, I should say so:- Why. the first time I got on a cable-car half the men offered their seats, the other half tried to pay my fare, the eonductor gave me apars, and the motor-man came in and proposed to me." Preparatory Dlsclpllne. " No, I'll not marry. I think I'll be come Sisterof Charity:' "You don't know what that means." "Don't I? Haven't I sat up withyou every night from eight to one for three months P" In for It. Gamin (on discovering his teacher in a perilous position) : "Hey. Jimmy, wot's de matterwidyer' Yeraslosin'de chance of yer lifetime! Here's de teacher wet kep' us both in yesterday. gone elan through the loe! Ain'tdis a puddie t. - He:.ýHa Hopad lOut. -,- :+"'' She: "Oh, yes. mamma andIhave much the same tastes. Do you think I am lke my mother ?" He (an old widower) i "I hope not. Your mother ' rejected 'me twenty-four years ago." . -"A Domestic Paradox. A queerish thing about our hired girl, Who got upyester morn and went away: Though very tightly laced, this kitchen pearl.' Was just the kind of girl that wouldn't stay. 'By the Roadside. First tramp: " I say, paid, her ye any money?" Second tramp: "Nary red. l'm nethin' but a bloomin --wot do ye call it? -achrysanthemum." First Tramp: "Wet yermeanp" Second Tramp: "Hain't got ascent" HoW He Got There. The tendency of adventures tb grow with every repetition is amusingly illuscrated by anincident told of a certain socially eminent young man recently returned from his travels. "So our friend B- went to the top of Most Blanc,"* msid one aequaintan-e of his to another. " ot at all," was the reply. "S But he said so," continued the former speaker, somewhat indignantly. "True; hbut two months ar.ge when he re turned, he said he had been to the trot of Mont Blanc. Since then he has gradually lied himself to the top." It Frightened Him. Landlord: "Geood morning, sir; hope you enjoyed a good night's rest, sir?" Traveller: "Yes, thanks, pretty fair." Landlord: "Saw nothing of the ghost that is said to appear from time to time in the room you occupied r ? Travellr: "Ah, yes, I did though." 'Landlord: "And how did you get rid ef the intruder?" Traveller: "I offeredLhim a glass of your wine, when he vanished with a gesture of supreme disgust." Landlord: "Oh! Ahl Well, I never ! "--Families-Wroehenblat. Hard on Watson. Binkes: "Didyouhear about Watson's whiskers? " Jin ".No; what was it? " Binkes: " Who l ey looked so homely that all th? a'aigned a petitios, ashinsg a*ti ? p?m? ?er of publee polcy. to shave thei -o-r.' Jinks: "Well, did he do itP" Bink : "'Yes, he did it." Jinks :. "Well, what then ?" Binks: " Why, the very next day the neighbours signed a petition asking Watson, as a matter of public policy, to let them grow again."-Somerville Journal. The Last Resort. "Is this Mme. Pompom?" breathlessly inquired a man who had climbed several flights of stairs and been admitted into a darkened parlour. " It is'," replied the stately personage whom he addressed. "The famous clairvoyant and fortune tellerP" "Thesame." "Do you readthe mind P" "With perfet ease." "Can you foretell the future?" '"The future holds no mysteries that I cannot 'snrareL? "Can you unfold the pastP" "'The re cord odlal things past is to me an open book." "Then?' said the caller, feverishly, taking from his pocket a handful of silver, "I wish you would tell me what it is that my wife wanted nie to:bring home without fajl this evening, and name your pric. Money is no object! '--C'ricgo Tribunh. Their Duty as Passengers. A certain town in the north of Yorkabshire is credtted with an omnibus that carries first, second, and third class p?ssengers. ALa the seats are all alike, the traveller is Siiystified, lmt not for very long. Midway of the route the omnibus stops at the moo: r of a long. steep hill, and the guard shouts "'First-class passengers, keep your seats e Seeood--os passengers, get out and wal? ' l'I.ird-coa s poacengeco, get not and poh" 