The Boor Ajar. ? ? ? ?? -v ??'. By HELEN MATHERS. ?:. Sfcothor Tof I^erry Rise,' 'Owning a 38»rough theKyfe,' 'Hie SSry of a Sin,' ?: *c~. ? '? ? - -2SP 15rc door swung idly. In that unused Western wins of the. great gloomy 'house duet had gathered thickly, but thickest on *he threshold of that partly open door that by ttie will of the former owner of the place had never once been dosed for nearly ?even years. For the will 4faat diainherit 1 Jed Ms only son, and made a cousin ius'heir, 'signified in the terms -of a command 'that !»or the door shut by night, nor day, and (that free egress and ingress should be al lowed at all hours to the repudiated Tieir, jwihen he should be released from the term of imprisonment be was then undergoing. ' Tihere -were yet five yeans to run of the ion's sentence when the father had died, tad the new owner of the castle, who frankly preferred the Berkeley-square nouse, and a delightful apartment in Paris, fto the gloomy splendors of a place five Inffles from anywhere, very seldom came bear the Towers at all, though even bad he brought 50 guests there would have been 1-oom and to spare, -without that panelled room, overshadowed by Ithe boughs of a great cedar tree that looked in at its broad casement, and from which it took its name. Why was the door to be always, night *nd day, left ajar? The door to the boy's mother's heart had been open, Wide open to the end; black shame had slammed that of the father in the son's face, and be had died -at bitter enmity with him, leaving him a beggar, and yielding most unwilling ly -tto the mother's dying entreaty — 'Let aim (have the right to bis own room — let pi'ip, when he is free, come here, and stand before my portrait, and read in my eyee that I never doubted him, never believed in his guilt, or ever, for one moment, ceas ed tio love him; then, let him - go forth Again into the world, heartened up to face it, and, under a changed name, wipe out the dishonor itfha.t the guilt of . another brought into Qiis life, and that other was * 'woman, ettse would he have spoken out, and cleared himself of the charge.' I For the mother's instinct was unerring »r-a bad woman was at the bottom of it. S^«r 'straight boy,' as she used to call nun, because he never looked at a certain class of women, and he had never met a fcood one who pleased a't once his fas tidious taste and his heart. His young mother and he had always been chums »nd inseparable companions until be went to Sandhurst, and he was no more than a boy, just 19, when the crash came, and two years later she had closed her eyes on a world of which the light for her was extinguished. But a little while before she died, Whie 'her attendants slept, she had come in the grey of early morning to her boy^e room, and with gasping breath and failing limbs set herself to do the thing that she willed to do, and she had turned at the door to meet her own eyes in the picture, and charged them solemnly with what they should say to him when he came, and' then sue 'had stolen away, and cnJy by the dust upon her wrapper did fcer women know she had left her bed that sight, though none knew whither she had gone, or 'with what desperate fear she htid dreaded pursuit. And no one knew what was in the long letter ; to her son that she caused to be conveyed to him; and after wards, when all her magnificent jewels were found missing, and a great search and scandal were caused thereby, it was supposed that she had found means to send them away into safe hands, that they might be converted into money for her eon when he should be launched penniless on the world; it was found, too, that she had Tealised her stocks and shares, and drawn out (all her money in the ban};, but tier man Of business refused to say whether be had been party to tike matter, and the money was her own to do wrai as she willed, and Kenelm of Kenelm was a proud man, and would make no enquiries, and none ever knew what he thought about the matter. And if the ruin of her boy broke the mother's hebrt. the loss o'f her broke her husband's, so that in less than three yean from tile day when the boy was found guilty of forging a brother-officer's name, the old family was wiped clean out ol Kenelm Towers, and the new- one reigned in its pla'ce, only sending now and again ?the daughter of the house, a slip of a girl, with her governess and maids, to dance lightly to and fro in the wilderness of rooms, making a sunshine in the dusty place. The old housekeeper, who had known young Kenelm from this birth, woe still there, and for a long while hers was the only foot that ever crossed 'the threshold of the cedar room, where she went to air, and clean, and straighten it, ju^t a* ti its owner might walk in at any minute, and she never failed to test jthe window sash, to see that it moved smoothly up and down, for what if Mr. Kenelm should choose to enter by that way, instead of the door? Many a night, when set on some boyish scheme of mischief, he had ?Jet himself out, and climbed back to his chamber by the creat limbs of the cedar tree, for the room was at the back of the castle, and looked into a quiet court — pro- nalbly it was for this very reason that he loved it, so sweet is freedom to the heart jof a boy. ; And always at the door Mrs. March Itrould turn and say: — 'Ma'am-, I know the I very day and hour he will be free — and te'U find me here to meet him, come when ine may;' and the mother's eyes would jwnile back with that eager, welcoming; look 'in them that the painter had so vividly | taught one day, when she saw lier baby (toddling towards her, and tears would roll (down the waiting-woman's cheeks; as she (thought of how the two pairs of eyes (Would meet ... for she never doubted what tihe boy would come— the love be Itween them had been too intense to make (the least wish of one disregarded by the bther, but she herself was never to see jphat meeting between the quick and the Idead, for she died rather suddenly just tax months before the son came out of prison, -fretting bitterly that she; had not seen able to keep faith with her beloved mistress. ? ? But before that happened she had made friends with the little girl who had Bhot tip in be a. maiden during Hhoee infrequent .♦fats to the Towers, and there was no picture before which Letty paused so Often, and looked at so earnestly, as. that Of 'young Mr. Kenelm,' painted especial ly for his proud mother in. his first scarlet coat, and which hung apart from al| the rest in the picture gallery., 'Had he no other name than Kenelm.?' Bhe said one day, as she and Mrs. March stood before it, . . 'Kenelm Kenelm, Miss . Letty, so. the Hides* spa of, the house was always named ?-aid n» was the only cne.'i. .. . J-Tt's a beautiful W,' eaid _tlie child tauingly; but when #he was 16 she said, 'it is a noble face,' and at 17 found lines of sternness in the young soldier's features £hat .unconsciously subdued her, so that gradually lie passed into' her mind, as a hero, as oiy? jsrho had a capacity far great deeds, and might have been living a great life. With -tie single eye of childhood jrhe .naid yearly graspedy-*s _Mrs. March ,couia-*«t, the purity of thought and .heart £hafr^j**derift$[ the..vivid color and bright ness of youth : other jftjen'a Xacesj-foo-wed coarse to her beside the memory of his, and however long her absences from the Towers, 6he never failed tosgo and greet him on her return, and she secretly made a sketch of him, and consulted it often, even in all the turmoil of a first season. And strangely enough' she knew nothing of the black stain that had wiped out all the glory of the boy's life, for Mrs. March's lips refused to utter the truth, and with-, out absolutely lying, she had given the girl to understand that he was dead. And as Letty rarely saw her father, and never had any real conversation with him, it came to pass, that when Mrs. March lay a-dying, and sent for her, she gave a solemn promise to do a certain thing for the poor woman, in pore ignorance of what it meant, yet could never find it in her heart to be angry because she was not told the truth. 'Miss Letty,' said the old woman with difficulty, for already death was ' dealing with her, 'she will ask me when- she sees me, 'How did you keep your promise to me, Annie?' and I shall have to say, *My lady, I -.was called and had to come away — but I asked Miss Letty— Miss Letty ? '' 'Yes, yes,' cried the girl, who was hold ing the Ttrembling figure up in her arms, 'tell me quick — and I will do it.' 'On Christmas Day — (he comes out on Christmas Eve, and will not waste a mo ment in getting here),' she muttered under her breath, 'no matter how gay you may be, and I hear the master is to fill the castle for the first time with guests for the New Year-^-get away by yourself early in the morning, and slip into we west wing, taking a bottle of wine, and bread and meat, and set them there on the table under her picture; but if you find the door locked and barred do not eeek to enter — inside will be a soul in agony, alone with God and her ? ' She paused, and Letty wiped the sweat from the stone-cold brow. She thought it but the delirium of death, yet was re again. ' — tell no one— least of all your father, — what will be inside that room on Christ mas morning (for they two never broke faith with one another) must not be ,,dis turbed .... in the sky above, in the earth below, there is no love like that love .... but, please God, you will be there first. And when the day is ad vanced, steal secretly there again .... the place will be empty, the door once more ajar .... perchance the food un touched; but her eyes will say to him 'eat,' and he will be sore and weary ? ' the voice trailed off, a few disconnected phrases followed, then for a moment the life in her flared up, to meet Letty's re iterated 'I promise,' and then followed the silence, of the grave. Kenelm Towers showed through the darkness like an illuminated and enchan ted castle, whose lights flashed a thousand reflections in the moat below, and far along the country side made a beacon to wards which turned many eyes and hearts, for it vras the first time its owner had come hither with any state, and now he had brought not only half a hundred guests with, him, but had bidden the whole county to come and share with, them his Christmas revels. During that Christmas Eve snow had fallen at intervals, blotting out persistent ly the tracks made by the carriages that had all day been busy in conveying the rapidly-arriving guests to the castle, and when all were salfely housed the pure whire mantle spread as if in quiet contentment over the scene, and the starlight showed a deeply blue and serene sky. The last arrival had shivered and turn ed white, when with loud reverberation of horses' feet in the courtyard, the carriage had drawn up at the entrance to the castle. This (at a distance) airy, fairy palace of delight that on approaching it plunged you deep into the gloom of a for tified castle, this was the forfeited home of that poor boy whose term of punish ment was up to-day, while she came as an honored guest to the place of which he should have been master! How could she have dared to do it— what strength of evil in her weak character had nerved her to the outrage, made her believe it possible that die could carry the thing through? Huddled in her furs and laces and bedi zenments, she shook as if she were a pris oner going to her doom, and the portcullis in act of falling to close her in, and Mr. Kenelm, who was in waiting to receive her, was greatly concerned at her pallor, and drew her at once to the Sre in the great hall, concerning himself about her in a TXrav miita limiciial *i:n Hint*. irt*w cAlf~/-nn. tSined and haughty personage. And while she smiled she longed to scream, and scream, and her teeth chatter ed when she tried to speak, while she drank the wine he gave her at one draught. But she was so fragile that it was no won der that 'the long journey had tired her, and so beautiful that nothing could ever make her appear less so, and presently he escorted her to her room, and the lookers on smiled — there was really no reason why he should not adore Lady Norman, but it was shockingly bad taste to ehow it so openly! 'He was a handsome man of forty-five, with a courtly air and manner, also a look of character and great virility, which part ly explained Etta Norman's attraction for him, for she was one of the most helpless of women, and as he tenderly supported her steps she was more like an exquisite wraith than a living creature. On their way through the picture-gallery she stopped dead opposite young Kenehn's portrait, and put up her . hand to hei throat as if she were choking. 'The black sheep of *he family,' said he( lightly, 'to whose— accident — 1 owe all this,' and he waved his hand comprehen-. sively around him. 'Oddly enough, ray daughter, though- here so often, never knew the story till by_ chance it was spoken of before her last night.' 'You are, sure he was guilty?' He shrugged his shoulders. 'The law,' he said, and paused. 'Poor devil,' he added, and paused again. 'I had. forgotten it — but believe his sentence expires this very day. And his poor mo ther— she worshipped him — had an idea that he would come back — here — directly he: came out. So his room is ready for him— come when he will— in the western wing, I am told, though I have never en tered ft. You may know it. because all the other doors are locked, but his door, stands always ajar-; — ' he stopped with an,- abrupt exclamation, for Lady Norman was drooping in a' dead .faint to the Towards' morning' tlie western wing saw re-enacted tin almost precisely similar scene to the one of five years ego, bur the mother, however Jieayjly weMhed, had not -'been bowed dow?i by sin-StnU trem bling, shuddering Nareature, who floated like drift-weed down the^dark,. corridor, might have been :a disembodied SBolwiln pain, bearing a corpse-tight in her hand, with which to guide her to the scene, of her crime. Long before she came to ft, she saw tKat dcor ajar, and, entering, the light she carried smote full-on the mother's face with its eager look of greeting, end she cowered before it, as a visible human thing, and set the light on the ground and kneeled down before that poor motner, and confessed, at last, and poured out tne truth, and pleaded for pardon . . . so might she have pleaded to earthly ears, and earthly ears were there, and heard, tor Letty had barely reached the room with the food as she had promised when faint footsteps in the corridor warned her of someone approaching, and, extinguisn ing her light, she hid herself and burden behind a screen, and waited. 'He did it to save me . . . me, his colonel's wife! I gambled recklessly, 1 w&s; deeply in debt; . . . and I made love to him . . . and he loved me- . . . I was his first love . . . but the boy was straight, and would not wrong my husband . . . and I forged the cheque ... it cleared me of all my debts . ♦ . . my husband had sworn to put me away if ever I got into debt again . . . and I asked Kenelm not to betray me . . and he . . loved me.' Was it fancy, or did the mother's face suddenly become convulsed with awful an ger and grief? Looking from behind the screen Letty saw the shadowy figure writhing in the dust, saw the pale gold hair covering it as with a mantle, and in' this wreck of a woman suddenly under stood how the boy's young heart had been cauglht; for in very pity of her help lessness he had made himself the scape goat, and let her go scot free. Only 'two hours ago she had been the centre of attraction, the mo£t ethereally beautiful out of the many beauties the host's tact and taste had brought hither tihat night, and now ? . Letfty b 'head reeled witih ibhe wonder of it all,- and it scarcely startled her when the sash of tlhe window suddenly ascended and a man leaped lightly into the room. If he saw the shrouded figure on the ground, he heeded it not, but snatched the light up, and as a man blind and deaf to all save one over- mastering need, he step ped swiftly to where . his mother's eyes met his full, and loudly and ' passionately he cried out— ^, 'fciother! Mother!' Ah, those were no painted eyes that met his, that was no painted breast beneath which the heart leaped wildly to meet that cry of love and agony . . . as he had pictured her through those -awful years of degradation and pain, believing in him, loving him, strengthening him, so she looked how, only she could not speak . . . try as she would, she could not speak, could not tell him he was as dear, as absolutely in her eyes without sin, as when he had stood a little child at her knee . . . and the only tears that he had known since boy hood crowded to his eyes, and fell heavily in the dust at his feet. He wanted her arms around him . . . dully he looked down at something that stirred, arose, and the woman who had been his ruin rose up like a ghost before him.. 'I came,' she stammered, 'I came ? ' then put both 'her hands before her face to hide the scars that disfigured his. Shall a man go4hrough hell, live daily with wild beasts in human form, and yet there be no mark upon him? Perhaps it was well for his mother that she carried the memory of an unlined, boyish face with her to an other world. 'I had not seen your home, Kenelm,'*' the woman said pitifully, 'I had not seen your mother's face' — she paused and deso lately looked up at it, f'but now, since fate has brought us here together, this very night shall 'be told Che truth and no thing but the truth. The man who is heir in your place i&all; be wakened, it shall all be set down in writing— my maid is here to attest it— she knew everything, bulb kept silence for my sake^ — and your name shall be .cleared. My husband is dead. Were he living, I fear I could not — dare not ? ' she Stopped abruptly, and, snatching up the light, she seized 'his hand, and with feverish strength' dragged him with her out of the room. Lebty still knelt there, cramped and Stu pefied, when half an hour later Kenelm came back 'to the room, this time accom panied by her falser, who was halfstun ned by the story which Etta Norman and her maid had confessed to him. 'I fear I cannot give you back the es tates which your father entailed on me, and mv daughter after me,' he said, ''but Lady Norman's confession, as she insists, 6hall be placed in the hands of the autho rities to-morrow' — he sighed heavily, 'and meanwhile I will send the servants here ? ' But Kenelm cut him short. He only wanted to be alone — wanted no servants, no preparations made for his comfort, and when the door closed, he looked long at his mother, and presently said gravely, and jurft as if she could hear — 'Noblesse oblige. I had to do it, mo ther. I loved you both, and I sacrificed y°Then he kindled the fire Letty had laid in the morning, drew a «mall key from his pocket, and with it unlocked a secret door, known only to himself and his mo ther, hidden in a panel of the wall. It was here that in her dying letter she had commanded him to look for her last message. In amazement he drew out one by one the jewel cases, the bags of goJd and notes, all the property that she had secretly realised, Tind put there just before she died, to enable him to start the world afresh when he came out of prison. He piled them on the table, closed the panel, then, bowing his head upon his arms, wept as a man weeps but once in his life at the thought of that great love which had believed in him, planned for him, and so implicitly trusted in his love to obey her wish, tint she had died almost con tent, knowing that he was rtrovided for. Hark! what was that? Had she indeed found voice to come and comfort him? For close at hand, he heard a sigh, a moan, and, starting up, he dashed aside the 'heavy screen to see a girl kneeling there, ice-frozen, her stiff arms embracing a bottle of wine and generous doje of food, and intuitively guessing her errand there, he looked up to his mother as if asking her blessing on the truest and sweetest face he had ever seen. , 'And I have got my hero back,' said ?Letty, ahyly, as later he accompanied her ?to the inhabited part of the castle, and ;she looked very earnestly at t the sterner, older cast of the features that through Hong years she had learned 'by .heart, and, Sthank God, no mark of shame was there, jfor the knowledge of nis innocence and his own indomitable spirit 'had carried (him through ' an ordeal from which not one man in a thousand ever emerges un brutalised. -....,. . . 3%ere is no dust on the threshold of- the Cedar Boom now: and often Kenelm and Letjty enter the^hamber Sand in hand, and linger there^-so dear is^it for its as stjeiaijone for them both7'but the mother's picture is gone.^It bangs^in their cham ber, on the other side of the castle, where; her bofs children wave tneifUittie hands to the pretty lady Who 'talks,* and herface turns to them in as radiant a look of love and welcome as ever it held for her son, and the girl he loved, when the two stood before her, and begged her blessing. But for her, they had never met, and the truth had- never been told— but for her love, there had not been' left the door «jar. 