PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY. 28th NOVEMBER. The Speaker took the chair at 4.30 p.m. ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS. The MINISTER of RAILWAYS, in answer to Mr. Murray, said the Commis sioner of Railways could not reimburse the Warrnainbool Hospital the sum of £44. expenses incurred in the maintenance and treatment of a man who was fatallv injured at a railway crossing. If the commissioner allowed such claims he would ho inundated with them. In reply to Mr. Graham, the Minister of Railways said the proposal to apply the new grain freights to new wheat us from 1st December came from the farm ers themselves; it was not considered equit able that old wheat should be included iii the reductions. The PREMIER, in answer to Mr. Cook, said the Tramway Bill would be the first item of general business on Wednesday, 6th . December. THE MINES VENTILATION BOARD. The CHIEF SECRETARY moved— That the hoard appointed on the 18th July, 1S98, to deal with the applications which have been re ceived for the bonus of £1000 offered by the Go vernment for the best method of ventilating mines having incurred liabilities to the amounL of the maximum expenditure fixed by this House on the 1st Scplemher, 1598, and not yet having linally dealt with such applications, the House concurs in the expenditure by such board for the purjioses of their inquiry and report of a further sum of £'250. Mr. KTRTON thought the House bad a right to know the exact position of the in quiry, and when it was likely to bo fur nished with the report. Lives of miners were being cut short owing to defective ven tilation, and it was desirable that some de termination 'should be come to without de lay. .The MINISTER of MINES said that con sidering the importance of the question, its difficulty and complexity, he did not think that the board had been unreasonably long over the inquiry. The board was almost on the verge of solving this difficult problem; nnu.tiic passing ot the motion would enable the investigation to be completed. Mr. HAMILTON hoped the board would hurry up. Mr. BURTON declared that in one dis trict 15 per cent, of the miners were being sacrificed owing to the failure to solve the problem of mine ventilation. Men were dying from the elfects of bad ventilation all over the colony. Sir .TOIIN M'INTYRE said that the em ployers were jnst as anxious as the em ployes that some finality should he reached in this matter, which ought to have been settled years ago. The motion was agreed to. NEERTM RAILWAY. The MINISTER of RAILWAYS moved — That in the opinion oif this House .it is not ex pedient to carry out the work of constructing the beeiim South to Neerim railway. 1 The committee has reported that this line would not pay, and it was necessary to strike it out, so that the Railway Committee could get to something else. It might he possible to construct tlio line at a lower cost than that, given in the official estimate by the adoption of the narrow gauge system, hut it would take some eight or nine months to furnish all the official data on thn t aspect of the matter. 'The. motion was agreed to. NEWTOWN. TO BITFIELD RAILWAY. The " MINISTER of RAILWAYS moved— Tluit the construction of a line of railway from Newtown to Pitfield he referred to tlie'l'arliamcli- tiny Standing Committee on Railways for can- sidcralion and report. Of all the lines which were asked for at the present time, this was perhaps the one which was the most required. Many people thought that the line should be continued further, in order to effect a junction with the Beech Forest railwny. The population over whut would be tlie extension was at present very sparse, and the mining, being alluvial, Mas only of a temporary charac- teSir JOHN MTNTYRE: Deep level min ing is almost as permanent as quartz. . The MINISTER of RAILWAYS: The reefs had been discovered at1 Bit field, and the mining there now had every appearance 01 permanency. 111U re port of the Railway Commissioner was not of such an encouraging character as one would like, but the possibilities warranted the belief that -within 12 months tlio line would pay. The line urns to bo .11 miles in length,. with a grade of 1 in 40, andr<ad- cording 'to tlie departmental estimate, it would' cost £3483 per mile, or a total of £30,360. The annual cost in interest M'oiikl -bo £1380, and the working expenses £1490, or a total in working expenses and interest of £2870. The revenue from passengers would be £050, goods £720, and other traf fic. £100— a total of £1460. Tlie revenue from the carriage over other lines, less 60 per cent, for working expenses, would - be \- £400, - making a total revenue of £1860. There tvoukl, -therefore, be a deficit to begin with of £1010. That estimate was for one train a day for five days in tlio week and two trains on Saturday. If there wero two trains a day for tlio five days .and three trains on Saturday, the total annual deficit would-be £1200. Mr. KIRTON said that this "motion should have been introduced 12 months ago, -as the mining in the district had assumed the character of permanency. The 'country beyond possessed geological features which, satisfied him that at no distant date there would be several gold fields between 'Bit field Blains and the Beech Forest. , Mr. LEV1I5N said that tlie Wensleydalc line, which was tlie source of a large. timber industry, had been closed. If suitable rates were charged and proper facilities provided, that, closed section would pay. The present system of dealing- "with neu' lines' was an insult to the country, lines being proposed one day and withdrawn another, and the sooner they reverted to the old system the better. Air. GURR could not believe that the Minister was in earnest in proposing this line. The Wensleydalc section was closed because it involved an annual loss of £300, while the loss on this proposed line was- to he £1000 a year. On tlie Wensleydalc sec tion there were 7000 or 8000 tons of firewood and tens of thousands of posts and rails waiting to lie carried away. Mr. MURRAY thought there was a great deal in the objection of the lion, member for Barwon to tlie existing system of in quiry by the Railway Committee, the mem bers of. which were entirely dependent upon the officers of the Railway department for their information. An independent en gineer, who could check the departmental estimates, should be appointed to assist the committee. Mr. VALE said that in another colony the department constructed the 'railways right to the mines. It would not do to make any suggestion to the £3500 a year man here. ' 1 ' . Mr. KIRTON: Who's that? Mr. VALE: Oh, shut up! (Laughter and Oh!) . i . . The SPEAKER ruled that the remark was disorderly. Air. VALE said the interruptions wore very disconcerting. He did not believe that the estimates of the department were reli able, and wis convinced that the line under consideration would pay. Mr; M'GREGOR observed that the bright outlook of the Bitfield gold field fully justi fied the construction of a railway. .Lite iuotiun was, ugrecu to. IMMIGRATION RESTRICTION BILL. The COMMISSIONER of CUSTOMS moved tlie third reading of this measure. On clause 8, "Liability of master and owner of . a ship for illegal lauding of immi grants," , . Mr. MADDEN moved to provide that a vessel might lie refused a clearance until any penalty had been paid, or until pro vision had been made by tlie master for the conveyance out of the colony of prohibited immigrants that may liave been landed, the penalty in such a ease to be remitted. The COMMISSIONER of CUSTOMS re plied that the proposed amendment would merely create a loop hole for the evasion of the act. The amendment was negatived. Air. R. AT. SMITH moved the insertion of a- ne iv clause giving the Commissioner power to issue a permit to an employer for the introduction of five persons, who would olhcrwiRo be prohibited immigrants, pro vided it. was shown they wero necessary or desirable in connection with the exercise of the religion or business of tlie employer for a period of five years. The clause aiso pro vided. inter alia, that no such permit should be given until the employer nnd two suffi cient sureties liad entered into a bond by which they undertook to pay £200 in the event of the persons being employed in any services other than were necessary in con nection with the exercise of the religion or business of the employer. , The COMMISSIONER OF CUSTOAIS snid the new clause was acceptable to the Government except in so far as it related to the "business" of the employer. He moved, as an- amendment, that the word business!' be struck out. \- The .amendment was carried on the voices. Mr. R. AI. SMITH objected to sub-clause 3 of the new clause, which provided that in proceedings for a breach of the bond the onus of proving compliance with the condi tions of the bond should rest upon the per son sued. This had been added without his consent. The COMMISSIONER OF CUSTOMS moved that the sub-clause stand part of the clause. Ayes .. .. 46 Noes. , 27 Majority for the sub-clause.- 19 . , AYES. Sir. Rapes Mr. Grose Mr. Murray Reazley Qurr Outtrim Hamilton I'encock Bowser Harris, A. Songster Bromley Illegins Smith, T. Burton Isaacs, I. A. Spiers '-'Gk lsancs, J. A. ' Styles Pcakm Kennedy Toutchcr Duffy Kirton Tucker, A. L. lluggan Matonoy Tucker, J. B. !!",r M'Cay Sir George Turnci '''"a M'Crcgor Mr. Turner horrest M't.ean Yale Gillott Met liven Wilkins Graham Moloney Williams, II. Gray NOES. Mr. Austin Mr. Harris, J. Mr. Murphy Brake Irvine Hawson Brown I.angdon Salmon Cameron Madden Shiels Carter. M'Arlliur Smith, R. M. Chirnsido Sir John M'Intyrc Staughton Gatr Mr. M'Kenzic Thomson Gillies M'Lcod Wheeler Graves Moulo White. The clause as amended was agreed to, and tlie bill passed through its remaining stages. SUBTLY BILL. A supply bill, to provide a sum of £391, 7SS for the payment of salaries, &c.;, of the public service for the current month was brought in by the Treasurer, and passed through all its stages. THE ESTIMATES. The House went into committee of supply on the cstiinates; On the item, ' Legislative Assembly, .ICMO.J, Mr. WILKINS thought this item should stand over until the House saw what the Government proposed to do with the hun dreds of poorly paid public servants. He would move that the item be reduced by jMr. GRAY noticed it was proposed to in crease the salary of the Speaker from £1000 to £1250. Was that increase in the same proportion as the increase to the President of the Legislative Council? Tlie PKHMIHR: It is in the same pro portion. Mr, GRA1 ! ff, hnr? lmnn nnnnnn nz-n-l In the press that the Government proposed to grant increases to the lower , ranks of the service. The House ought to be informed ot the intentions of the Government in the matter. i"V10r "k 'kMIEU said it would be impos sible lor him to detail the increase in tlie case ot every officer, but the additional es timates, showing these increases, would be circulated in a day or two. He might, how ler, say generally that the Government liad followed the Reclassification Board's report. Where the Reclassification Board had iixed a higher minimum than that at present being paid, the Government had given the officers concerned the benefit of these increases, but where the board had re commended a lower .minimum, the Govern ment had decided not to interfere with the salaries of the 9fficers at present in the positions for which a lower minimum was recommended. In nearly all cases where officers were, receiving less than the mini mum recommended by the Reclassification i»oard. the salaries would be brought up to the minimum. In some cases that would be done by two steps, but in the majority of cases it would be by one. The junior messengers were a large class. Those who were receiving £60 would have their pay raised to ,U60, and those receiving £66 Yi" d ,';c raised . to £72. Next i pi ,!oso receiving £66 would obtain tlie £72. - With regard to i.iiiorers, they would he brought up to £104, in some cases by one step, and in others by , Warders would obtain an increase o.. (i start with. Last session tlie House Mas equally divided on the question of giv ing the police an increase of 6d. a day. Tlie Ixiverniuent proposed now to grant that in crease. In the departments there were various classes. of artisans, and tliev would get certain increases. In the Post 'Office there had been a good deal of discontent t mTzT of, >'eara with re gard to the telegraph messengers. Tlie I/.oposal of the Government was not to re -m il- lcngth b"t to raise them this year. The Government laid made provision . for some of them on the estimates, but it was proposed also from 1st January to make increases from £60 to £ is, and form those officers into a new grade of postal assistants; With regard to operating messengers, they were to be ciassea as assistant operators. There wero some 2„ of them, and if they passed the requisite examination, which should not give them much trouble, they would at once get an increase to £100 a year. . If they passed the examination tliev would" be ell- gdfie for proinotioipoia'here' dre'a nuftibbi'' ot other small increases to postmistresses, letter carriers and- others throughout the J.-ostnl department. In other departments junior draftsmen and type writers - would get certain increases to put them in a bet- tor position. In tlio Fducation department tbPV,o ,1VC a large number of officers affected. It M'as proposed to' appoint 175 assistants extra, which would enable pupil teachers to be at once 'transferred to tlie position- of assistants, nnd would afford t hcin tlie opportunity of gradually working their way into the other classes, there were a- number of teachers who had been doing tlie work of the higher classes, hut who had not received increments. Tliev were to go to the minimum of tlie class they were in at the present time. For instance, a third class teacher performing first class duties would receive tlie minimum of the first class. 1 hen there were a number of teach ers who, in consequence of the regrading of schools, had been prevented from getting any increments. Where the attendance at a school had fallen below a eertan number tlie teachers had not lost any of their salary in the past, but they had not received in creases. The Government would allow tlie increments to commence from 1st January. Those were what were culled fifth class teachers. No provision had been made for paying them any arrears, although it would have been more pleasant to himself and his colleagues if he had been able to do so. Tlie whole of these increases ' lie liad men tioned amounted to a total of from £25,000 to £30.000. Tlie Government liad dealt only with the officers receiving up to £200 a year, tlie offieinl report of the Reclassifica tion Board --with regard to those in the higher grades not having yet been received. The Government thought that those receiv ing the higher salaries could wait for a little while longer. He find started all these in creases from 1st January. The Government would have been glad to date them from 1st July, hut up to the present the revenue for the year had not been satisfactory. That day lie liad given instructions to his col leagues not to pledge the Government to any new works. If it had not been for the increase of £100.000 in the railway receipts the revenue would have been fully £100,000 behind. There had been no windfalls in tlie wnv of probate duties. The increases, it, would be noted, wore practieallv all in the lower grades. Next year- further in creases wnnlri-be mnde. Mr/ -MURRAY said that the increase in- the salary of the Sneaker was from £1000 to £1250. or something like 25 per cent. Mr. TRVTNG : It is onlv a reinstatement, not. an inrrrssp. - Air. MURRAY: The increases in the lower ranks did not amount to 25 per cent. It was also to be remembered that we were on tlie eve of "-"deration, and that very anon there would have to be reductions in tlm nxpeeees ef tin, Inpnl Legislature. ATr. GTLLTES said that the high position occupied by tlie Speaker, and Ins social duties apart from his duty in the Chamber, skr.uk! k-c adequate), rcer-eii ;.-/:u . The Speaker had freouept.lv to meet and com municate with the distinguished strangers from various parts of tlm world. Surelv members wou'd not like the Speaker to per form those duties in a porfunetor manner. Tn regard to the service generally. Ministers recognised Hint the best men jo tlm do- nartments were those who came immediate ly under their notice and who had the great est vesnmwlhilitv. ATr. MURRAY: It. is a great pity that these officers do not, impress the outside- public as tlmv do ATinisters. ATr. GTT.T TFS; Tlie public do not come in contact with 1 1 pip . The OTTTFR SECRETARY" observed that the Speaker's salary had been decreased from £1500. It was now merely proposed to restore onc-finlf of the amount by which that sum bad lmcn reduced. Several of the higher officers in different branches of the service had left to take on outside employ ment because the State did not. sufficiently remunerate f1-"-1 fee their services. , ATr. A. T.. TUCTxT.R said Hint the Govern ment bad desnoiled the Savings Bank deposi tors of £70,000 by its action in reducing the rate of interest, which was now lower than in any other part of the world. While some of. the Tost Office employes were receiving such miserable wages, how could the Chief Secretary stand im nnd talk of abolishing sweating? The Chief Secretary was tlm biggest, sweater in tlie colony. (Daughter.) Where was the money coming frony to in crease tlm high salaries? Tt. was coming out of the (ilchines nnd eribbings of interest, from the Savings Bank depositors, nnd money from the same source was possibly obtained to manufacture the Government siirnlus. ATr. TRVTNE asked if the member for Eitzrov would contend that the Savings Bank should continue tn pav 4 per cent, in terest when all other banks wore paying 2J? The TREASURER : And when it could not. hcin doing the same. ATr. IRVINE : Surely it was ridiculous to sneak of filching or spoliation in such a case. The member for Fitzroy must recognise tlint. Mr. KIRTON recognised that the Speaker had shown conspicuous ability in the discharge of his duties, but he could not support the proposed increase of salary while he found the Government declaring it could not afford any increase in pay to signalmen, porters und shunters and others on the railways. The Government had brought in an Old Age Pension Bill, but it was said it could not be proceeded with owing to lack of the necessary funds. Ho was pleased to see that that great demo cratic newspaper, "Tlio Age," bad sugges ted, m a sub-leader, the only equitable means of raising tlie money for old age pen sions, namely, that it should be taken out of tlio general revenue.' The TREASURER: We have got to put tlie money into the general revenue first. Air.. KIRTON: The u'orking classes M'oro tile principal contributors to tlie revenue, and they were asked to maintain this scheme. 1 lie treasurer might laugh, but lie would tell him to his face that lie was not sincere: .Ilia t. he had never intended to carry out this old age pension scheme; but simply desired to throw dust iu tlie eyes of tlie electors. (Oil! oh!) The TREASURER: I am as sincere as any member of this House. Air. KIRTON: Tlie Treasurer had intro duced nn old age pension scheme which snowed a maximum of sentiment and a (Taught'1!- ) collsljl'llct'ive statesmanship. Mr. MFTIIVFN ; Where is that scheme now? Mr. KIRTON: It is as dead as Cmsar's ghost. (Laughter.) The CHAIRMAN of COMMITTEES: I am prepared to listen to. reasonable illustra tions in support of the hon. member's argu ment, but lie is not in order in referring to Cicsar 8 ghost. Daughter;) Mr. DLAKIN: Would not Cesar's ghost come in under tlie scheme. (Laughter.) Air. KIRTON meant to say that the scheme was as dead as Julius Caisar. (Laughter.) It liad been killed by its crea tors, u'ho must have known that the pro posals attached to it could not- possibly commend themselves to the House. In view ot be fact that the Government could do nothing for tlie aged poor or for many of tlie poorly paid menibeVs oi tlie public service, he thought tlie proposal to increase tile speaker s salary was inopportune. Ah. AI'KENZIE thought it M'ould not be right or proper to restore the salaries of t.lio Highly paid officers ol the House or State, until public servants receiving small re muneration had been restored to their for mer positions, He would -vote against the Government proposal. ATr. HAMILTON did not think the House would be justified in increasing the Speakers salary while pupil teachers, gaol warders, telegraph messengers and certain other members of tlie pub lic . service . M'ere being sweated. In his constituency a gentleman employed in the nost office had left, for the Transvaal with tlie Victorian contingent. He had been receiving £200 a year, and his place had been taken by one who did the name work, and who M'as given the munificent salary of £60 a year. Alen averaging from 24 to 26 years of age, many of them married, were being offered £78 a year, and while that was so he could not vote for the proposed in crease. Air. AIOULE was extremely unwilling to cast any reflections upon the dignity and im portance of the office of Speaker, 'but .until lie knew how the affairs of the country M'ere being worked out he thought it would be umvisc to increase the salaries of these more highly paid officers. The question M'as whether the Government could do tiiis, and at the same time do justice to'those who were under paid. In voting against the pro posal, lie was not undervaluing the impor tance of the Speaker's position; (Heai-, hear.) Air. TOUTCHER could not understand how members could justify their vote for nn increase, when the underpaid servants of the, State were receiving inadequate pay. He could not support this proposal, when people were not treated with common jus tice by the Government of the day. Air. GRAVES said the vote he was about to give M'as entirely unaffected by any personal feeling towards tlie lion, gentle man M'lio had brought forward this pro posal. There M'ere a number of men in the service endeavoring to support a family M'lien their Aviige uns not a living wage. The Speaker and Chairman of 'Committees should be restored to their former positions, but only after the other matters liad been sot right. The Chairman of Committees, M'lio was most assiduously in liia' place, M'as especially entitled to consideration. Air. CARTER said they M'ere paving, not a. i .li._ tile, nam, uttt. Lite tjiueu, aim uic onrce Mas supposed to attract the best intellects of the country. The hon. Alinister who had just returned from England (Mr. Tavcrner),'wns the only one M'lio had sufficient funds at his command to ask a,.man(to have a . drink with hiiii. i. Livpglitqif-X ,.Othqp, 'mcmlii»s from their extreme poverty, ivere uhable'to ask a gentleman to have a glass' of claret with them. (Laughter.) lie would vote for the Government on this occasion. lie thought the .Speaker's position m'as certain ly m'ortli £1500 a year. Those m'lio objected to tlie pay in tlie Government service could leave it; as a matter of fact, all Govern ment pqsitions wore being rushed. Air. BAILES m'as. pleased the Govern ment had found itself in a position to do justice to the lower paid officers in the service. . Ho had no doubt that before tlie discussion on the estimates was concluded the Government would grant these officers a little more. Why should tliev pay larger amounts to ndiat the lion, member 'for Bal- larat We6t called the tall poppies of the ser vice? The CHIEF SECRETARY: These are reinstatements of reductions. - Air. BAILES: It m'as in the province of the House to object to these increases. Air. METHVEN could not understand how the J'ostmnster- General, for example, could vote for these increases, -when such a largo number of men in his department M'ere receiving only £60 a year. He looked upon tlio Government as the greatest su-eatcr in the country. The Government had reduced the interest on the Savings Bank depositors from 3 per cent, to 2 per cent., and by that means had made the working classes con tribute an extra £70,000 to the revenue. Air. SANGSTER M'ould vote for the amendment of-the hon. member for Col- jingwood, as he did not consider that the Government M-as doing justice to the IoM-er paid officers. Air. WHEELER regarded the Govern- T?eni'oS-n swIea'cr' there- being -men in the Lost Office who were working for anything but a living wage. What m-as needed, even more than a factory act, m-as an act to prevent gwenting by the Government. Air. AIALONEY said that when the hon. member M'lio had just spoken m'.ir Alinister ot Railways he too was a sweater. fMr'.,TIEELER: ' While I was Alinister ot Railways there Were no reductions in the case of officers receiving less than £3 a week. Mr. MALONEY : " But there were then many men who were working for 25/ or 30/ a week. As to the Postal department, he did not blame the Postmaster-General for the sweating that was carried on there, as Tf Yn9 "f the Ministry as a whole, ft the position of Sneaker whs open to com- petition, they could get an lion, member to fill it nlily for mjieh less than £1000 a year With regard to the remarks of the hon. member for ATelbourne, lie could tell him of an action taken in connection with a brewery, a child s bed nnd bedding having been sold for Oil. and pitched out of a win- dow There had recently been a case in winch a man employed by, a Government week received a wage of only 9/ a wm' supported the amendment. i 0 f'cro wiis such sweating in the Go vernment Pnnfm<r-nffV„ <1,„ rr. — r nrri'ne-m?r?iirl'-Silnric' t h'gh official's/ k'll a e hf we advertised one billet in Printing Office to morrow there would be 100 applications for It. s Mr. GRAY: There are men in the Go vernment service doing men's work for £30 a year. Tjie BREA1IER: Who are they? Give me individual cases. \+ ¥i'' : The Premier need not try to bluff: he knows pll about them. The PREMIER:5! don't know anything of the kind. Give me the names and I will innnire. Air. GRAY: If the Premier will give a promise that lie will grant them the same rate of wages as is paid by private employers 1 will give lnm Hie names. AH. HARRIS remarked that in justice he M-as bound to oppose the amendment. Air. J. B. TUCKER said tiiat five or six men M'ere employed as supernumerary laborers in tlie Government Printing Office at 5/ a day, and a number of ni'inters ass-stants at 20/ a week The electoral registrars M'ere also underpaid, and u'litle these rases M-ere allou-pd to re main untouched he M-as surprised to find Hie Government proposing increases to the higher paid officers of the State. Air. LEVIEN said that a railway line in his constituency which m-as of great service to the settlers of the district . had been closed because it showed a loss of £300 per annum; yet the Government- was nrepared to incrcnso the salary of one highly paid officer of the House by £250 per annum. lie must vote against the proposal. Air. DOWNWARD m-as onnosed to thn proposed increase, in vieu- of the fact that the Federal Parliament would largely re duce tlie work of the House. ATr. O'NEILL thought the Treasurer M'as striking out in the wrong direction from the path of economy. There were manv poorly paid branches of the public service that were more worthy of attention. : Afr. BROWN regretted he could not sun- port the increase. He considered £1000 per annum M-as a very fair snlarv for the Speaker. It M'ould He considered a very fair income by men engaged in commercial pursuits. ' The committee divided on the amend ment that the amount be reduced by £1. Ayes 49 Noes 22 Alajority for the amendment 27 AYES. Mr. Bailes Mr. Grose Mr. Mothvon Bowser Gurr Moule Brake Hamilton Murray Bromley Harris, A. G'Neiff Brown Harris, J. Outtrim Burton Kennedy Salmon Ohlrnsido Kirton Sangstcr Oook Hi not km Smith, T. Downward Lcvien Spiers Duggan Maloncy Stcrry Dyer Mason, j. Toutchcr Phik M' Arthur Tucker, A. I-orrest M'Cay Tucker, J. Gillott M'Gregor Vale Gr.ihJrn iM'Kenzie Wilkins Craves M'Lcod Williams, E. Gray NOES. Mr. Anderson Mr. Gillies Mt. Murphy Austin Irvine Peacock Di'st Isaacs, I. Thomson ' Cameron Isaacs, J. Sir G. Turner Carter Madden Mr, Turner Craven Sir .1. M'Intyrc Wheeler Dully Mr. -Moloney Williams, II. 1- oster Air. SALMON moved that the amount be further reduced by the sum of £1. There was no intention on his part to reflect upon the ofiiccr whose ease lie was about to bring under notice. He referred to tlio posi- f'i0n "f./he clerk of the Legislative Assem- bly. J he Premier had been exercising the provisions of the Public Service Act in tlie most stringent manner M'ith regard to those who had reached the age of 60 years. He did not know u'liy any exception had been made in this particular case, but if there was any reason, lie Mould be glad to hear it. He had received the utmost courtesy and assistance from the clerk of the Assem bly, but he felt that by his retention an iiu- justiee M'as being done to a number of offi cers below him. These officers liad a right to expect promotion, not only with regard to their emoluments, but with regard to their position. Air. VALE hoped there would be no billet of instruction to increase the pension, list; 'Already there M'ere numbers o( men in AIcl- bourne and other cities receiving pensions and competing M'ith those who received no npn»intm nf. nil The PREAIIER said that when a public servant reached the age of 60 ho retired, unless the Public Service Board certified that, in the interests of the public, lie should be asked to remain. Each year the Government looked very carefully into the list before deciding whether, in the interests of Hie public, those who had reached the statutory age should he called upon to re tire. In a number of eases the Government had come to the conclusion that there m'ould be little saving or none at all, and that, in the interests of the public, it m'ould be unwise to ask these men to retire. There were only about 40 or 50 over the age of 60 in the service. If the committee took away this discretionary poM-er from the Go vernment it would be ucting very unwisely. Air. SALAION : Is there any speeial rea son M'hy the act should not bo adhered to in this instance? The PREMIER: There is a very strong reason M'hy M'c should retain all the know- Hedge and all the ability and experience of the clerk who has faithfully served us for many years. Mr. AIALONEY suggested that if it M'ere decided to keep officers in the service after they M-ere over 60 years of age the clainiB of those officers should expire at their death. There had been many instances in which men who had been given up by the doctors had sent in their resignations mid had been paid a large amount of money as compensa tion. Air. BROA1LEY thought that, instead of officers being retired when they M'ere 60 years of age, it would be much more sen sible to retire them when they M'ere unfit to perform their duties. Alany pensioners who M'ere in full possession of their health and mental faculties M'ere competing with others outside the service. Air. MURRAY agreed with the view of the member for North Carlton, but Baid that there were men whoso retention in the service was due to favoritism. Did the Premier intend to take the last vote as an indication that no additions should be made to the salaries of the most highly paid offi cials? The PREAIIER: It only applies to five — the Speaker, tlie Chairman of Committees, the Clerks and the Commissioner of Taxes. Air. BAILES said that, he intended to vote against the proposed increase of salary. , The QHIEF SECRETARY: (It is not an increase in salary. It is merely a return of what is legally due. Air. TOUTCHER was opposed to any in crease of. pay. : "Tli'd I&? 'SECRETARY : ' lit ' is ! no ' iiii crease of pay. ; Mr. 'TOUTCHER, on that assurance, would vote against the amendment. - Air. AIALONEY M'as satisfied that the proposal represented an increus'o of sa lary. . . The CHIEF SECRETARY 'thought hon. members M'ere under a misapprehension. I lie, act by which the percentage reductions of the higher salaried officers of the State were made during the days of the retrench ment expired on 30th June last, and they then became legally entitled to . payment a't the full rate. The item, under discussion represented the old rate to which the officer in question u-ns legally entitled. Air. SALAION desired to say that his amendment was only moved M'ith the ob ject of testing the question of whether offi cers over 60 years of age should be retained in the service of the State. In deference to the generally expressed wish of the com mittee, however, he M'ould withdraw his amendment. Tlie amendment was accordingly with drawn. Air. MALONEY desired to test the ques tion M'hether officers of the State receiving more than £450 per annum should receive increases while nothing M-as done for the lower paid men of the public sendee, and with that object in view he would move nn amendment that the item he reduced by Air. HAMILTON hoped the lion, member would withdraw his amendment. The House had entered into an agreement to restore tliese salaries: to" their former posi tion, and could not in honor draw back If the House thought tlie salaries/too high it could reduce them in another way and at another time; ATr. BROA1LEY wished to know the posi tion of the Government if the amendment were carried. Tlie Government had enter ed into an ngreemnt to restore these salaries to their- former amounts. Air. TOUTCHER hoped tho amendment M'ould be M'ltlidrau'n. Air. SALAION said lie had been told that he had taken the action he had at the re quest of certain officers of the House. He had acted entirely on his own initiative. (Bear, near.) . Mr. KENNEDY would like a test vote taken as to the desirability of reducing the salaries of the higher paid officers. Mr. IRVINE said the officers in question M'ere entitled to these increases. If an in justice had been done to tlie Speaker, it was no reason M'hy an injustice should be done to others. Mr. T. SMITH said that, although oppos ed to the increase of high salaries, he did not see that any good could result from dis cussing the item, as an act of Parliament M'ould be required to give effect to the amendment. It M'as too late in tlie session to further proceed with the matter. Air. IRVINE: Certainly, too late after to-morrow. Air. AIALONEY said that lie did not de sire to rob any man of that to which he wn« legally entitled. Having heard the Pre mier's explanation, he would withdraw the amendment. Tlie item M'as agreed to. On item, "Acting Government Astron omer, £400, Air. MURRAY observed that £400 a year M'as an absurdly small salary to give to a scientific man with the Government As tronomer s attainments. The CHTEF SECRETARY replied that he M'ould bring the question"! this officer's salary before the next meeting of the Cab inet. The item wns agreed to. On the item, "Government Statist, Cleri cal Division. £6824. Ah'. T. SAIITH desired to bring fonvnrd the poor'reniuiieration received by electoral registrars. Their duties liad recently been largely increased, and he had been asked to ascertain M'hether tlie Chief Secretary M'ould recognise this additional work by an increase of pay. Air. AIURRAY thought something should bo done to expedite the publication of the next "Year Book." (Hear, hear.) Air. ArALONEY honed the Government would do something for the registrars of births, deaths nnd marriages. W The TREASURER: I will provide for them. Air. AIALONEY: Hear, hear. Tlie CHIEF SECRETARY promised to consider any suggestions by tho electoral re gistrars themselves as to an equitable scheme for their remuneration. As tn the complaint of delay in regard to the publica tion of the Year Book," he hoped to re move that grievance at an early date. The item M'as agreed to. 0nr,ilht Atem' ."?0,ice> -«G?.26C," includ ing Chief Commissioner of Pol ce £00(1 AH AIURRAY said that AH. Chomlcy by virtue of his position, must necessarily block promotion. AH. Chomley M'as an amiable and estimable public servant; but he (AH Murray) did not think tlint at any period Mr. Chomley had been indispen- sablc. He did not know how . old -Mr CnomJev wns. Tlm CHIEF SECRETARY: I think he is over On. Air. AIURRAY wished to know whether it Mas the Chiof Secretary's intention to re tire this officer. _ " ' Mr. BROMLEY said that inspectors were detailed off to persecute publicans, M'hile train-wrecking outrages were being carried out apparently with impunity. Air. KENNEDY said he had seen in an evening paper an instance of a young wo man in weak health being sent to gaol for 12 months, when the only charge against her was that of being destitute. The PREMIER: That is the action of the bench. Air. KENNEDY hoped tlie matter uould be looked into. The CHIEF SECRETARY snid tlm Licensing Act was a difficult one to ad minister. If any case were brought under notice of a publican being unjustly prose cuted he m-ould have it looked into. With regard to Air. Chomley, lie was retained on account of his exceptional Air. AIURRAY: Rubbish! The CHIEF SECRETARY said he was retained because of the exceptional experi ence that lie must have gained. With re gard to physical fitness, he had to go, like any junior, before a medical board. The item M'as agreed to. On the motion of tlm Premier, pro gress m'as reported. AD J OURNAIENT. The House, at 1.'28 a.m., adjourned until 4.30 p.m. this day. 