DEATH OF 'REV. GEORGE PEPPER, THE "FIGHTING- PAKSON" AND BRILLIANT OBATOB. The Chicago "Citizen," AugOBt 12, says the death at his home, Maddison-avenue, Cleveland, O., of the gifted and noble hearted Bev. George W. Pepper, D.D., removes a gentleman whose services, to America and Ireland have "channeled deep" the hearts of both nations by "constancy and worth." Dr. Pepper was born of an old Methodist family of Ulster, and continued, in his own person, that long line of Irish Protestant patriots which began with William Molyneahx, in the reign of William HE., and through good and ill fought for Irish rights "by work or word, by voice or sword" from his time to the brilliant days of Swift and Lucas; from their day to the glorious epoch of Flood and Grattan; mounted the scaffold with William Orr; fought beside Monroe and McCracken in Down and Antrim; bled in the dungeon with Lord Edward and Wolfe Tone; wept for the early doom of Emmet ; thrilled with Davis; labored with Mitchell; trodtho plank of the felon ship with him and Smith O'BrieE; and rallied around Par hell in his tremendous Parliamentary battle for "the rooting of the Irish people to their soil." George W. Pepper had m mm the heart of a. hero and the soul of a crusader. He was the friend of human liberty in all lands and under all circumstances. His love for humanity was not bounded by clime, color, condition, or creed. The death of such a broad, grand character is an irreparable loss to the cause of freedom everywhere. As soldier, clergyman, patriot, citizen, husband, father, he won the admiration of all who were acquainted with his fine career, and their name is legion in the new world and the old. As an orator he had few equals. Ireland and the Irish may well weep for the noble son and brother whose ring ing tones will be heard on earth no more for ever. To the Irish people of Chicago he was a long-familiar figure. He was twice orator of the day at the annual Irish National Demonstration in this city, and spoke repeatedly at Central Music Hall on Emmet and Parnell. As a youth of fourteen he heard Thomas Francis Meagher's, incomparable address to the Protestants of Ulster in Belfast in 1847, and he once described to us how the Orange youngsters of the University which he attended and who crowded one portion of the great hall rose and cheered till the rafters cracked when the then youthful Meagher, having brilliantly apostrophised the States of Europe that had risen against their op Sressors and became free and indepen ent, exclaimed towards the close of that moBt splendid of all his superb speeches: "How say you, yeomen of the North? Has the Red Hand withered?" Hats were thrown to the ceiling, orange and green handkerchiefs were waved, the la dies in the galleries went wild and rained flowers on the young Irish Cicero, whose features flashing with heroic light, and Mue eyes dilating with the passion of patriotism, seemed illumined by the sacred fire of the Holy Ghost. Meagher carried everything before him after that. The grim old Orangemen who muttered of "Papists" and "the Blue" hung their heads. Even the "pious, glorious, and immortal memory" of their Royal Dutch idol could not blind - them to the fact that they had, at last, seen and heard an Irish Tapist," who could advocate the liberty of Ireland without giving offence to the followers of King William. The "Old Ireland" faction, which has been boisterous on account of Young Ireland's quarrel with O'Connell, was shamed into silence. Never before, or probably since, did the voice of an "inspired boy," or man for that matter, produce such an efEect on a hostile audience. In "Dona hoe's Magazine" for June Dr. Pepper gave some of his recollections of Meag her. Dr. Pepper was born in Ballinagar rick, County Tyrone, Ireland, July 11, 1833\. He came to America in 1852, and completed his studies at Kenyon College. Soon afterwards he was ordained minis ter of the Methodist Episcopal Church, and joined the North Ohio Conference, of which he remained a member for more than 40 years. Feeling strongly on the subject of negro emancipation, he joined, soon after the breaking out of the Civil War, the SOth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and speedily rose to the rank of captain. He fought in the bloody battleof Cor inth and throughout the twins' Vicfrs burg campaign, giving splendid evidence of bis inherent Irish courage in every engagement. The.men, who adored him, called him—for all the soMiers nick name their favorites—"the fighting par son." When the war ended, Dr.; Pepper became chaplain of General Nelson A. Miles' rpgiment, and served with it in Virginia and North Carolina for some years, He left the army-in 1867,,and re sumed church work, in which he was liighly successful. Among his doBest personal friends were the lateGehferal John A. Logan, Hon. James G. Blaine, 'Zachariah Chandler, and Wendell Phil lips; and among his prominent surviving friends may be mentioned President McKinley, General Miles, and the Hon. Jobn Sherman. Dr. Pepper leaves five children. They are George W. Pepper, superintendent of the railway mail service of Cleveland; S. A. Pepper, of Montana, now in the Klondyke; Charles M. Pepper/ of Wash ington ; Miss Lena Pepper,-and MiBS May 8\. Pepper, of Cleveland. 