WHAT A PIC MAY BE. Peccaries are the pigs of Central America, and wonderful tales arc told of their nrowess. They roaut the forest in herds, nnd woe betide the hunter who meets with litem; for unless he enn climb Into n conve nient tree nnd pot tlicin one by one from the branches, tliey will reduce him to absolute mincemeat almost In a moment of time. They are fond of nssnultliig railway trains, nnd dash Impetuously forward to meet the approaching monster. Half the herd are killed, of course, and the train gocB uncon cernedly on Its way; but the rest of the pack turn up next day, punctual to the moment, to renew the attack, nnd so on until but one last survivor Is left to Immolate himself In heroic butfutlle protest against the advent of steam. Then. If you want to kill off a herd of pccenries (whose flesh innkcs excel lent bncon), there Is only one way to do It. Yon must lie up concealed among bushes, In a spot which commands the hollow log where the nnlmals sleep nt night. The way of the ncccnrles Is to return towards even ing, like the Forty Thieves after one of their predatory excursions, nnd back Into their log one nfter another, the last to enter — who Is generally doomed by Hie force of circum stances to .lie .with his head outside— being expected to net as sentinel. Ab soon as they lutve settled .comfortably down,, you take enreful aim. nnd shoot the lonely watcher through the bond. If 'ydu plant your bullet In exnctly the right spot', .-lie turns a somer sault and gives up the ghost, while peccary No. 2, In no- wise disconcerted, brings his slumbers to n close nnd promptly tnkes his plnce. A second shot follows, and he turns n somersault also, to be succeeded In his turn by peccary No. 3; nnd so you go on, steudll.v shooting, until Hie log Is empty, mid the ground In front of It Is strewn with the dead nnd dying. It is excellent Bport; only If once you miss your aim, nnd fall to plant your bullet In precisely tlic proper place, all the peeenrles come nt you with a rush, and nothing but the utmost agility In tree climb ing can possibly save you. So, nt least, the legends run. 