Pith and Point. The largest mammoth tuslc yet dis covered was lGft. in length. The consumption of boot-blacking In England In ono year amounts to a value of £660,000. 'The Three Muskeiteers' is the third act of an Adelphl melodrama the whole way throucrh. Twenty-two coal-laden ships sailing from Newcastle, New South Wales, have boon reported as , missing at sea since 1S88. ? ? . ' A first-class merchant steamer costs in building £28 per ton weight of hull, and £13 per indicated horse-power of engines. In the names given in Inverness Direc tory there '-are 730 varieties, yet the '' Frasors made ? up 93 ,,.? per cent of , the - - whole population. . ' The general rate of pay for all classes of labour In Switzerland Is a little over - half as muoh as is paid for the same , * description of work in '? Great Britain. A man stood Inside the Venetian, blinds thu, other iday,' and spent fifteen minutes trying- to brush- a streak, of. sunshine off his coat with the clothes brush. In San Francisco a 17-year- old hus band recently obtained an absolute divorce from his 16-year-old wife. He was employed as a messenger boy. A young lady ate half a wedding cake, then' tried to dream of her future hus band. Now she says she would rather' * dle::than marry the man she saw In that dream. The Paris jeweller Satin, who was .charged with replacing with paste the jewels of Mme. de Hute, which had been ?temporarily Intrusted to- him, has been ' sentenced1; to 'eighteen months' -imprison- ment. A 'cat's eyes are said to be largest at mtdnlght.; We never made -an ex amination, but we : are positive that its voice is about seventeen times larger at that hour than at any; otheri -period .during the twenty-four. . xne lana on wnlch tne two battles of Bull- Run were fought is to be sold at public auction early next month, arid cut up into small farms. As the first great battlefield of the war It answers some of the requirements of a national park. Her. Majesty the Queen is. not in the habit of wearing much jewellery, but - there Is one trinket she aaways has on, and that is a. gold bracelet given to her by the late Prince Consort. This, It Is said, her Majesty has not' unclasped from- her arm for the last, thirty-four years. . . This winter there are 28,709 ? student* in the German universities, (4597 -vf whom are studying theology, 8132 law, 8361 medicine, while 7619 are under the .' philosophical faculty. There is a dis tinct falling off in the number o,* students of evangelical theology 'from last year. Many are the anecdotes told of Dr. Keate, Mr. Gladstone's . head master at Eton, and his constant threat, 'I'll flog you' — notalbly of his way of enforcing the lessons of tho sermon on the mount, 'Blessed are the pure In heart,' sal«! Dr. Keate. 'Mind that; it's your duty to be pure In heart. If you're riot pure in heart, I'll flog you.' Fifteen hundred sea otter skins wera brought to the ? traders by Alaska Indtians last year, according to the es timate of a -trader just returned to' Seattle. Furs of bears and foxes aprjjre. gating may thousand dpllars in ? valut'. were also brought In. He says Alaska's wealth in furs is very great, and in many, regions is yet practically untouched. A singular Coreari hat is a great round mat of straw worn by a mourner,' The hat is 'bound down at the sides so- as almost to conceal the head and face of . the wearer. He carries in his hand a. screen or , fan,, and when in the. road any one approaches hir \ he holds . the screen in front of him, so that- it; to gether with the hat, completely, con ceals., him. Intense cold, 'as is well known, burns — if we may use the term — like hea't. If - a ' drop' of .air at a temperature .of 180deg. below zero were placed upon, the ' hand it would have the same effect as would the same quantity of molten steel. \ Every one who has had the care or horses ought to know the intense pain ???? ' . ' '..?.. ' :?-.':?-?' :: \\-J' -?',?? \J -??? ? ???? ' ? si§w|K 'Ghostly vtaltatlnns' tM1W^1|1 Clan don House, near Cuiidfoid, in ^S^ Surrey, one of Lord Onslow's mansions. ™ There are upward of fifty persons In Clandon village who claim to have seen the ' ghosts.' One takes the form o£ a black dwarf, another that of a lady, ''' sometimes brilliantly, .sometimes very' sombrely, attired.. All the servants at Clandon House say they have seen one or other o£ the apparitions. ?^' '? ? . , ' 