THE FATHER’S MANIFESTATION. By \Y. GARRETT HORDER. If ye, then; being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit.—Luke XI., 13 (A.V.) Him whom the Father sanctified (con secrated) and sent into the world.—John x, 36 (R.V.) These passages tell of two gifts from the same source. In both cases the Father is the giver, but the gifts differ. In one passage we hear of the gift of the Spirit, in the other of the sending of the Son. My purpose is to call your attention to the fact that Scripture tells of the Father reaching men by this twofold way; by His Spirit and by His Son. And when we come to think quietly and earnestly about it, do we not see that these are the very things that a father would do, could not help doing? There is toothing arbitrary about such a proceed ing it is rather an absolute necessity. A father standing aloof from his children, making no effort to reach or guide, or in spire with affeection, would be a father in name but not in reality.To refrain from this would be a denial of his fatherhood. Real fatherhood does not arise from the mere existence of children, but from the kindling of the father's heart prompting the father’s hand to every kind of minis try to them. Could you call Rousseau a real father who dropped his children one after ano ther as they were born into the box at the Foundling, and never heard or cared to hear any more about them ? In a physical sense the men summoned by the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children are fathers, but in the higher moral and spiritual sense they are not fathers at ail. Fatherhood, whether Divine or human, implies the outgoing of the father's na ture to the children—the adoption of means to guide the children's life and to waken response to the father’s love. Is that not self- evident? It seems to me so. But there are those who seem to think that the Divine Fatherhood can be a thing apart—suspended in mid-air. with no connection with the children on earth. The Fatherly heart cannot be thus self contained; it must reach out by all pos sible avenues to men. THE NEED OF A REVELATION. Those who speak of the Fatherhood of God and deny the expressions of it named in our texts—the Spirit and the Son should remember that it is by these that the Fatherhood of God has established itself in their thought and feeling. How have men come to believe in God’s Fa therhood? By scaling the heavens to dis cover it—have they reached and looked upon it for themselves? No they have re ceived it by these two manifestations— unveilings of it—by the Spirit and the Son of which our texts speak. Could a child discover his father in one who had never spoken to him. never presented any proofs or tokens of fatherly affection ? Assuredly not. And I make bold to say that men have never reached any real vision of God’s Fatherhood apart from both these expressions of it of which Jesus Christ speaks. Did the Greeks with all their acuteness of mind reach this with all the acuteness of mind reach this sublime belief of a Fatherly God? It is the one thing they did not reach. Am ongst them there was a great variety and subtlety of thought about the gods and their connection with the universe, but ot a Fatherly relationship—no ! Did the Hindoos with all their genius for religion reach this great conception of God as Father ? 1 believe there is an ancient Aryan word for which means Heaven-Father ; but whatever it meant, the people of India have never grasped the idea that God is Father. A tangible illustration of that presents itself in their idols which, of course, are an embodiment of their thought of God. Could anyone of their idols be said to represent a Father? No; rather a Fate or Destroyer—one who compels worship by fear rather than at tracts it by love. A true idea of Fatherhood in God is to be found only in these Scriptures, and in its completeness only in the New Tes tament portion. In Old Testament times this Fatherly side of God was here and there flashed on certain elect souls, bu; to the nation at large God was known ra ther as the .Ruler and the Judge than as the Father. In Christianity' alone has the thought of God as a Fa:her become a living reality and an abiding influence in the lives of men. And the reason is ob- 1 vious: the Gospel comes with the wirness of one Who has revealed Himself. Here we read of a Father who gives His Spirit, Who sends His Son. And I am persuad ed that this Fatherhood of Gou. which is becoming the great force in religion, is due not to men reaching up to God,but to God reaching down to men. The great declaration "No man hath seen God at any time, the only begotten Son which is in the bosom of the Father, He hath re vealed Him,” is in deepest harmony with the facts of history. In this way men have come to see God as Father—and only thus will the great conviction be kept alive in their hearts. Where men doubt or deny the possibilities of any re velation of God to men, as did the Deists of the last century, there the sense of His Fatherhood fades. Where men have grasped the idea of His Fatherhood, but turn away from the manifestations of it of which our texts speak—there sooner or later the idea fades. GODHOOD WITHOUT FATHER . HOOD. A Father who does not manifest Him self or seek to move in the hearts and lives of His children is not worthy of the name. Utter the word Father and you must go on to say He gives his Spirit. He sends His Son to win His children to Himself. I was once travelling from Pisa to Rome. In the same carriage was a gen tleman who seemed to speak French, Italian, English, with equal facility. We got into conversation, and after account ing for his familiarity' with these three languages by saying he was French, but had lived in Manchester and now carried on his business in Italy, he said, “I am an atheist.” “No,” I replied, “No man is that, he cannot be." “Oh, I believe there Is a God, but do not believe in any com munication from Him." “You are a sceptic, not an atheist,” I replied. He did not describe to me his conception of God, but 1 know full well it could no: have been of a Father. It might have been of a ruler or a judge of men, but it could not have been of a Father of men; for a Father must communicate Himself to His children in some way or other. Matthew Arnold tried to sneer men out of the idea of a Father in God—he tried to put in its place “a power not ourselves working for righteousness.” That might satisfy a man with the ideas of Fa:her hood he had. I will give an illustration of that, communicated to me by his own brother. Matthew Arnold one morning left his house at Harrow to examine a class of pupil teachers In London—one of his children being dangerously ill. In the mids: of the examination his sister, Mrs Foster, came to tell him that his hoy was dying. To which he replied, “I cannot come until I have finished this examina tion." His brother gave this as an illus tration of devotion to duty. I told him It was a denial of his fatherly heart. I dare say such a man could do with the thought of God as a Power instead of a Father, but my heart craves a Father ra ther than a Power. I could not worship, I certainly coUld not love a Power. I could more easily love a Napoleon or a Bismarck,- for in both of these were points of love. Strike the note Father and there must be the blessed melody of such words [ as these, which tell of the gift of ' His 1 1 Spirit and the sending of His Son. i I Some people seem to think that the only reasonable thought of God is of His unity. But then they must be content with the 1 bare idea of God. If they once strike the note “Father,” there will be the unity, but that unity expressing itself by Spirit and Son. And that is the Trinitarianism of the New Testament. There can be no real gospel of fatherhood without this. Deny this manifestation and what have you left? A Father in name but not in, reality—a Father that might satisfy the heart of a Matthew Arnold, but not of those who have learnt that love is the crowning glory of life. THJC DOUBLE MANIFESTATION. Now I would like to show, farther, that I one of these manifestations is not suffi cient; that both are needed to draw us to tlie true Father of our souls—the Spirit working within, the Christ visible to our eyes. If I may use such phrases, we need a subjective and an objective manifesta tion of God to know Him as a Father. Each brings its own element. They are eompl mentary the one to the other. The Spirit speaks through conscience. Conscience is the organ of God in the human soul. Its voice is imperative. Concerning the right it says, “Do." Con cerning the wrong it says “Don’t.” All the morality of the world. I believe, is j due to the spirit of God in the souls of men; all the immorality to disobedience of that Spirit. It is the light that light eneth every man that cometh into the world. To man in all ages and in all lands this light comes which reveals the way in which men should walk, by all this voice is heard with its imperative word. And; this reveals one side of the Father’s nature—that of the ruler, for re member that ruling is a part of a Father's work. And we need to know God on this side of His nature. God does thus give us His Spirit. We all know it. We are all conscious of His working within. Without this we should be like rudderless vessels, or sailors with out a compass. We are not. On all ques tions of right and wrong we know. On matters intellectual, artistic, political, we have to grope after knowledge, but in the moral realm we know at once where duty lies. Why? Because here God utters Himself by His Spirit. I am as certain of God’s Spirit within as 1 am of my own existence. But where men have had only this, they have not reached to the idea of Fatherhood in God. They have only reached to one side of it—to the side of the Ruler in the Fatherly nature. There has been no warmth of love—there has been the sense of duty, but not of affec tion. If God had only been revealed thus within our souls we might have been di rected to the right way; but we should have walked it only under compulsion— slave- like, not son-like. Look out upon men where Christ has not been made known, and you will llr.d them without the glow of love to God. Even in the noblest men there has been more of mor ality than of religion—light without ■warmth. Read the writings of the great est of the Greeks or Romans—their purest and best—and then pass to the writings of St. Paul, and it will be like passing from the Arctic to the tropical regions. Without the Christ men may see the way they should take, and sometimes take it, but as a duty, not a privilege. Their feet may move along the road, but only be cause they must; not with the gladness and buoyancy which love quickens. If morality were enough, then an inward Spirit working in the hear: would suffice, but if men want a religion there must be an unfolding of love to give it birth. If it were enough to serve God as mere Ruler, then the word of duty through the Spirit moving within would | be enough, but if we would serve God as Father, serve Him as son. then His love must be made known. Here comes in the other passage before us, which tells of the Father sending' the Son, the Son of His bosom, and so revealing that which is deepest in His Fatherly nature. Christ is the Revealer of the heart of God. And that is what we meet need to know. All other things lie on the surface—this is at the very centre. We all crave to know how God feels towards us. Christ an swers that craving. “God so loved that He gave.” “Herein is love, not that we loved God, but that He loved us, and gave His son to be the propitiation for our sins." This is the central matter in the Christ. This was the new element He brought into the world. His moral teaching could be gathered out of the works of previous teachers. The ab solutely new thing He did was to present the inspiration to such morality by un veiling the great redeeming heart of God. Matthew Arnold once described religion as "morality touched with emotion.” The world had the morality; it was Christ who touched it with emotion by revealing in Himself a Father Who would walk with and talk with His children, who cannot he content till they respond to His Fatherly love. This was a hard thing to accomplish, for men have always inclined to the sterner idea of God. The religions of the world show that they represent a despot, or a fate, rather than a Father: Nothing is so difficult as to make men believe in the love of God. Men more easily be lieve in the love of their fellow-men than of God. Their natural tendency is ex pressed in the cry of Israel to Moses, “Speak thou to us, let not God speak to us lest we die.” They could trust Moses, but they could not trust God. Being so difficult—the human messen gers having failed—the cry was heard, “I will send them my beloved Son. it may be they will reverence Him when they see Him.” The sending of the Son is a stupendous idea, but then the necessity for it—the work to be done by it—was stupendous—it turns hearts of stone to hearts of flesh. How could that be done save by presenting love in its most mov ing form? And how can love show itself save by life? Shining out of a human face, trembling in human words, appeal ing to deeds of pity, reaching its climax in the bowed Head of the cross. What means less than these could be effectual to so great a task? And so there runs down :he ages the great declaration. “He that spared not His own Son, but freely gave Him up for us all, will He not with Him freely give us all things?” That great fact has awakened the be lief in the Fatherhood of God. To it we owe the great conviction by which the world will yet be redeemed. And that must ever remain its foundation. Let it slip, and men will sooner or later revert to the thought of God as mere Ruler or Judge, and the light will die out of their heaven and leave their lives in darkness. Robert Browning touches the very heart of the matter in his great poem, Saul, which thus concludes— ’Tis the weakness in strength that I cry for, my flesh that I seek In the Godhead! I seek and I And it. 0, soul, it shall be, * A Face like ray face that receives thee a Man like to me; Thou shalt love and be loved by, for ever; a Hand like this hand Shall throw open the gates of new life to thee! See the Christ stand. And so the whole creed of the Church is in essence contained in the great Bene diction: “The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God and the fel lowship of the Holy Ghost be with you all. Amen.” Sin and Holiness.—It is no*, one of the chief reasons why the Bible is made so little of, that men do not realise what sin is—how dreadful and how fatal it is. What is the horizontal line of the Bibic? It is holiness. That is where earLh and Heaven meet. But on that horizontal line there is only one point of sight:’ it is where God and man meet in Christ, ir whom alone holiness can be found.—Dr ' M. Gibson. 