[?] \- v. . AN ADVENTURE YTITH ELEPHANTS Elephant catching has long been prao- : tised in the North-EaBtern districts; - The most 8uccessfnl man was Mr Sanderson, but a good deal of that was due to the: system introduced by his predecessor,- Mr-Nuttall,' and- to his having: acted on ' the -advice: .of' the late Gaptain" Williamson, - to commence operatibns-in the-Garrow country, - the old grounds having: been over-hnntod, agd also to - his own great energy; and not interfering too muoh- with: his - trained mahouts. - . \- I accompanied Mr Nuttall in one of his last hunts — his health was then broken down from repeated attaoks of fever, which led, a year or so afterwards; to his death; But he was most anxious to do his duty, and, know- ing that, !„took, great interest. Jn everything connected "with sport, he asked me to aooom- pany him. I wanted Aim. then to try the : foot of the Garrow hills, but his arrange- menta had already been made, and ye went into one ot bis old beats iu the Ohittagong. ) distriot . " . | . to qacoh elephants months of preparation are- required) I eonld not get away as soon as T'iexpeofced, and it was' only a few dayk before the final drive took plSce that I joined him. We were not very successful. In the first keddah only twenty-saveii and in ."the second-only nineteen elephants were Caught, whioh scarc'ely paid for the! espenses ' in curred; but no blame conld.be atteoheri. to, .the snperintendent, for both he iand'hii head -sergeant had'been, and' wefe srill , 'off ahd on ill from malarial f ever .! The chief j emadar had died, -the seoond had beenMiledt whilst the third, who wonld'-have snooeeded,' hadleftthe! department and't'akea kervioe yifh me some time before; so as'the heads df : the departr ment were not 'properly t'lresenfod, .the ) operations suffered. Elephant catching in, keddahs has often been described; and; bt for a ourioua circumstance whioh happened, I; should not be now wilting this hrtidle. The herd we had ' sbrrohhdecl was a very large :one, and after two days' eonstant .trouble And watching by day and mghj;, tiie 'greater part of the animals had been driveh into . the re-entering angle of the keddah, when there vsAs a . great disturbance ahead, and; the leading ffles - halted and 'sHowfd. signs of breaking back. We found it was caused by a tiger,r who "had 'got into the1 l atookade and was endeavouring to get back into the' jungle";' L . : ! Mr Nuttall was Aroused from his' sick bed) nd, lookmg v" feeble) took bqnmand, and every available- man and beast wai pushed to the front -to induce the'reoaloitraut Beasts t6 continue thrir flight within the enqlosdrC,. They were driven" forward once" or" twice, . but rushed baok : in a panlo onAearihg the giitteral roar of riie tiger, who was Just in- ! side lAe paling iu a blu'mp of long grksS. I. Went some distance aheall and ohmbod up si . tree that overlooked the interior, with the. view of slaying Mr Stripes; but. Leonid not' gfet a glimpse of him; ' But he must have; left- his post t6'- try if he ootild "find aiiother! etit, and during; this interTOT the roaring oCased, and we: managed tp get twenty-seven adult elephants, -five tuskers, ; two muohnas, - fifteen well-gro wn femaies; and five three/ parts - grown youngsters) besides about four calves, well inside. The brute just then rdared agato) and the herd inside fight about faced, and the people, fearing that it might . pScape, barred'-' the ;entratn6e rather prema- tdrely,' for somefiozen -" more elephaute were then close' by, mid might have "entered! ; The) men- on ' the lookout ' endeavoured ) tcf with- ' dfaw-the bars, but just theh succession of roars caused1 a fearful 'panic! ahd all .those, not already entrapped fore'ed their ' Waiy baok and escaped/ , Nuttall had fo retire almost in' an unconscious state, 1 and)'5 'as I . Was ; a: straugef, I ha no'oontrbl oyer the keddah) men', and neither my elephants nor jemkdar were with me. .-..-V ' : : Onoe a herd' is entrapped)7 everything should be1 kept as'- quiet as jpossible;); ®Sfcfs! are lit outeide, and ' men' armed "with Bpealte end blazing torches stationed "outside7; ' while; the animals must not be irrita£ed'.' Batr that) .confounded tiger would not be quiet, neither could he esoape)' so he kept - them on the qtii vive the whole night. If the oiaptives are . left -in peace for a few honrs.they settle down arid get reconoiled to their fato. Ai souii ais it was daybreak I asked Nnttall if I should , go inside on A ataunoh elephant and' eh- de'avour to shoot the feline, bat he thought it Was bettor not to do so ; and now that it . was- daylight, he thought the tigear'wonld : nd a loophole and esoape) I was jxtit retiring to my tent to bathe when there was" a igreater: row than 'ever, md the jemadar begged me to come with . him; and' he wonld shpw me a tree whence I eonld pot thC tiger — bacau'se, if he was allowed to distarh the herd maoh longer, he was sure they Aodid rush at the barred entrance in s body and esqapeV I wqnt At once and took up my pojaition. I could' see A gfeat commotion going oii, bnt could not seen any portion of the tiger.' -The roaring of the beast "and; the trdmpeting of the elephants were inqestsmt'" the herd were gathered in a olnstCr, with their tails almost touohing the stockade, en deavouring to getaway as far as/ possible from, a clump of grass. T was thinking of firing into the grass, when I saw a luge tusker rush forward, and with A vigorous kiok with his forefoot, he sent a brindled mass flying, and, folio ring up. his opponent quickly, He threw him) well intq the air. As he fell the tusker got' him. between his legs- And oommenoed to play .football, bioking the struggling brute forward with his bind, legs and back with his fore, and:I knew all would . apon be oyer. The tiger's roara degenerated . into half fotua,' half growls,: which were. all .but overpowered by the . screams, of - the elephants, who in eborns created a din which could be hoard many miles .off; And which. were taken up And re-eohoed by our tame> elephants.. TMs brought poor Nnttall pff his siok bed ; but the tragedy- was ail but finished. ' The) tiger, with a . dying effort, . got hold ofithe elephant's foreleg jqstiabove the foot ; tha paehyderm gave one prolonged . scream, then, shaking o&tiie; ) inoubns, npuu . clear, and with lightning ppjsed ikueltop his , oppoaeht, who soon gave, up the ghost. : The : .eoraged monster lifted": him up ahd thraw him towards the herd, who rushed forward, .and in a few minntes kioked and trampled the tiger into the dirt,"' leaving"' no semblance . of his ever haring been the king of .beasts. : '.Bvien. after it- wii« life left ; m; thriAfbe, ifirst; iqne)elephaut'aha thqn ahoth'er would run forward, UnS After) admini8tering a kick, iquiokly retire/ giving .utterance to his valedictory" address./ We doubled gumda over the stookade)iqr,!twjq days, and as the imprisoned be&ats; bad had no water and : hut suoh fodder as we. threw into them, they' were greatly miMaed.fftnd we had'no diffloulty ' in tetnering them one by; one and leading them to a place where , there waB plenty of water and fodder. . As. we conld Aot removeithe skin1 of thfr'tiger; for nearly three . days, it eventually, spoilt ; ' but when we got the body of the tiger , out, it was. wonderful to see what little damage had been done to the skin, thoagh of. course : the body was- most offensive. , After .being washed and pegged oat,, no one would have guessed what a violent death the beast had met, bat the hair 'peeled off, and as atrophy the skin was useless;':' Our second venture was even less saooeiis- - ful, and quite uneventful. Poor Nhttall soon afterwards . died, exhausted by thirty , years' residence "n this malarial' 3nd peati- 1 lentiai nortion of our oossessions— but after doing his dnty like a man.-/F.' T. Poiaoic.- - 