. CHAPTER VII. It was the wedding morning, bi'i^Lt and clear. Everything seemed to pro mise well for the happiness of the young couple but one thins:, the wraith had been seen close to the Abbey era. the evening before, and the old servants shook their heads ova- it, while the squire looked grave,- and Amy had a frightened look in. her lovely blue eyes, as, leaning on her uncle's ami3 she .passed up the nave of the village church to the altar, where Guy waited for her. There was no shadow on his handsome face, and his words rang out 'clear and distinct as 'he vowed to love and cherish the beautiful girl at his side. At lasfa the service- was over. The clergyman had pronounced them man and wife, the register was signed, and Guy led his bride proudly down the na-ve, through the crowd of ' spectators which filled tho little church.' Then, for the first time, Amy raised her eyes and looked- timidly around, when sud denly an expression of terror came into them, and she turned pale as death. 'What is it, my darling?' whispered Guy, who had seen the paleness, but not. the look of terror; thenj as her eyes closed, he pub his arm round her, and m a. secona tuey reacnep.tno porch, just as she became unconscious. It was quickly cleared of people, and restoratives were applied; then in. a minute or two Ainy opened her eyes, and as she met Guy's tender glance, she whispered : 'Take me home!' 'Can you walk to the carriage, darl-' ingi' ' .' ''Yes ; oh, yes. Take me from here!' she said, in a tone of feverish impatience which was noticed by Olive,, who was standing near. YYitnout lurtner delay, liuy -led her slowly and carefully down .the path through the crowd, who cheered them, to the carriage, and Amy sank among the cushions with a sigh of relief, while they drove off amid a shower of rice and old shoes. Then Guy drew her tenderly to him. 'My darling, what made you' faint?' 'I saw a ghost,' she saidj'sh'uddering as she spoke. 'Was it that' never-to-be-banished wraith]' he asked, half in fun, half in earnest. 'Yes, it was the wraith/' she said, in a. low tone. » - , 'Dear love, the wraith has never been known to appeal- anywhere but in the park — usually in the avenue. I am afraid the servants' talk has made 'you imagine you saw it.' (To be continued.) 