SOME SPECIAL ASPECTS OF ROMAN CATHOLIC WORSHIP. BY REV. ISAAC MOORE, S.J. NO. IV. The Rev. Isaac Moore, S.J., delivered the fourth of his series of lectures on this subject, in the Church of the Immaculate Conception, Hawthorn, on Sunday evening last, before a still larger congregation than had attended any of his previous discourses :— In this my fourth and Jasfc lecture on Some Peculiar Aspects of Roman Catholic Worship, I will invite your attention to an aspect of that worship, which more than any other is misrepresented and understood. As the denial of the doctrine which necessarily gives that aspect, of which that aspect is a necessary outcome, involves a denial of the Incarnation; so where this aspect is not presented, the worship lacks the kindness, the warmth, the tenderness, which should characterise the worship of all who have received " power to become the sons of God." The aspect of which I speak is that given by the devotions Catholics practise towards the ever blessed Virgin Mary. The doctrine or dogma on which devotions are founded is that Mary is the. Mother of God. Every dogma is the mind of God reflected on the mind of the Church, 4nd the accurate expression in correct language of the truths thus apprehended. Devotion is the sentiment arising from the consideration of these truths. It has for its seal the emotional part of our being, but is founded on truths accepted by the understanding. Devotion is the sentiment arising from the truth perceived by the intellect. Let me now recall to your minds the definition of worship. It is the perception in another of an excellence, and the submission or deference to that excellence. We know then that Mary is the Mother of God. This excellence the Almighty has beBtowed on her. In proportion to the supereminence of the dignity will be the intensity of the veneration. What mind can • grasp the magnificence of that excellence? What tongue of man or. of angel can tell it ? That wondrous excellence exceeds on every side the grasp of the human mind. The more we try to comprehend it the more we are driven to the words of St. Paul expressive of inability: "Oh, the depth of the wisdom and of the knowledge of God, how incomprehensible his judgment, how unsearchable his ways." But the fact remains that God " did so love the world as to give His only begotten son" to take flesh in the chaste womb of the blessed Virgin Mary. And the fact is accepted in all the creeds of all who profess themselves believers in the Christian faith. This the Council of Ephesus, a council of the fifth century, by its declaration that the child born of Mary was God, definitely decided. That declaration brought into startling prominence the amazing fact that there was established clearly revealed a relation between human nature and the Almighty, a relation which elevated man to a height so marvellous as to defy comprehension. That relation was that Mary was the Mother of God, However impossible it is for the human mind to reach up to the measureless dignity thus conferred on the sinless embodiment of human nature, the Blessed Virgin, to comprehend that dignity in all its bearings, yet we can understand enough to be filled with gratitude to Him from whom comes every good gift, and with intensest veneration for her whom it pleased Him that is mighty to magnify. We can sufficiently grasp the meaning of the fact to be strongly impelled : " unto the glory of His grace, with which He has graced us in His beloved Son in whom we have redemption' through His blood, according to the riches of His grace, which hath superabounded in us in all wisdom and prudence." Surely has that grace not only abounded in us, but superabounded. For not only are we redeemed, but we are made brethren of Christ, co-heirs of the Kingdom. Nay, more, much more, for St. Paul goes on to say: "God, who is rich in mercy .... hath made us to sit together in the heavenly places through Christ Jesus." How marvellous is not the change thus by the Incarnation brought about in the condition of fallen sinful man. We plead not now as Patriarchs and Prophets did for pardon through an atonement yet to be made, but through an atonement already consummated, " eternal redemption being found." We are not looking forward now with anxious uncertain hope for one to crush the serpent's head. For we know "the woman" foretold in Genesis has come, and her seed has crushed the serpent's head. The grace of God has surely superabounded in us. But even under the old law it was not absent, because of the merits of the Redeemer not yet come, but foreseen. And " of his sufficiency " the saints of the old law partook. And on her—the woman of prophecy, the blessed Virgin Mary—that grace was poured in richest stream to make her a worthy dwelling place for the Son of the most high, so that the angel Gabriel, ere yet the Incarnation was accomplished, salutes ber with the title " full of grace." Now there is a sense of the epithet full of grace, which is true only of the God-man. There is a sense in which it is true of each one of us, our fulness being adequate to the obtaining of salvation. There is a third sense in which those who have received an exalted office from God, are said to be ' full of grace.' When however exalted the functions of that office, they are endowed with grace, adequate to their discharge, The office to which God from all eternity had predestined for the blessed Virgin was to be the mother of His son. The words of the angel declare her to have already received "of His Sufficiency, grace adequate to that supereminent dignity. Nor is this other than men were by precious words of Scripture led to expect. Fat,.from the time the •mysterious prophecy vjrf&fcttered; : " I win-put hostilities between thee 'find the, woman, between her seed and fetty-'seed,-; atfdjish^alt crijsh thy head" - ata^ent was portended iijU;a/ joyous a hope, full n <? her seed, th^Mgff Who wfc to crush the serpent's heatWre»®inseparably connected. We can see that in these words the merciful Saviour of the world is cleany and openly foreshewn. TM Blessed Virtfn also ismdicated, and Me very same hostility of both to the evil-one is strikingly expressed. Well therefore "might the Angel salute her as " full of grace." I do not allege these mysterious words were by those who first heard them understood as we now understand tbem. The obscurity of prophecies is, as a rale, proportioned to the distance of their fulfilment. Most of them, as they refer to times very remote from the time in which they are first uttered, are at first enveloped m a thicker veil. This in the course of ages becomes less dense OT li Kht is shed upon them by new oracles bv which they are evolved and explained, or by events in which they begin to be fulfilled until the final fulfilment comes, and then what was once so obscure becomes \- clear as day. That all the posterity of Adam was the seed of the woman admits no doubt, and Eve was the woman immediately referred to in the text. But during long ages no woman came whose son crushed the serpent s head Men ^naturally looked to the future for the coming of some woman, who with her SOB should gain a perfect and final victory over the Evil one. But during the centuries which passed from the days of the first Eve until the coming of the second Eve, no such woman, no such son had appeared. At last the Angd Gabriel came with the glorious message from on high to Mary, " the Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the Most Higk shall overshadow thee, and, therefore, the Holy born of thee shall IK called the Son of God." In this event mea might well see the fulfilment of the prophecy, the realization of the most blissful anticipations to which that prophecy had given rise. And we see that Mary was to be the mother of God. If we deny that Mary was the mother of God we are at once guilty of the heresy ef Nestorious. From this all who are Christians shrink. And if we admit that she was the mother of God what limits shall we put to the veneration with which that surpassing dignity must be regarded. Gather together all epithets of honor and praise which can he invented suitable to a creature. Summed up and added to a thousand fold they will not even remotely approach the measure' less dignity implied in the mother of God. That is the supereminent excellence perceive! in the Blessed Virgin which has ever excited the veneration, and ever must excite the veneration of all reflecting men. The form in which that veneration will display itself will vary as the manifestation of every other human sentiment varies with the character and the circumstances of those by whom it is entertained. The sentiment will bu like in kind to the veneration we feel for other Saints of God, but intensified proportionately to the supereminent dearness to God, which reasoa compels us to recognise in this His most favored creature. And there is asweetness and endearingness in this aspect of Catholic worship the attractiveness of which isfeltbyall. Thesublime truth once grasped that God did so love the world as to become the child of a mere human mother, the heart is at once moved and sorrow for having offended goodness so great and love arise. This is the natural fruit of devotion to the Blessed Virgin. Is it not well that it should form as it does a conspicuous aspect in Roman Catholic Worship ? Some one may ask me was it always so. Was devotion to the Blessed Virgin an aspect of Christian Worship in the three or four first centuries ? I do not think that we have much knowledge of the details of worship during the centuries referred to. That Christians met to offer the sacrifice " the breaking of bread,"—that we know. Bnt it has to be remembered that public worship in our sense scarcely existed. Christians did not form then an authorised religious corporation. They were an illegal association. Sometimes, and in some places, a contemptuous toleration allowed their meetings; at other times and in other places bitter, relentless persecution pursued them. But the revealed doctrines which they held ia common with us will have produced in them the same sentiments we cherish towards the Mother of our Redeemer, whatever the form of expression may have been. Identity of doctrine is the characteristic of the Church in all ages. Change would imply error, and that the abiding presence of the Holy Spirit promised by our Lord makes impossible. But development, both in Devotion and Doctrine once held implicitly passed into the explicit teaching of the Church as circumstances favoured or required, and devotion followed such developments. And in this progress toward fuller knowledge, the Doctrine regarding the Blessed Virgin, and consequent devotions has gone on and will go on. This growth the Church promotes for, is it not evident that it leads to increased knowledge and love of " the one true God and of Jesus Christ our Saviour," This is the desire of the Churches for all mankind, for this is eternal life. _ _ _ _ _ _ 