ir. "Any news this morning?" asked Duke Thorne, as he reined up before the old inn, whereupon all save Broadley answered in chorus: "Haven't you heard? Broadley was robbed last night." And the victim, nothing loth, had to tell his tale once more. "This Black Rider is a very devil of a fellow," remarked the young squire. "Some say he is the devil. Anyhow, I wish he would try to rob me. I would not stand a deliver. Why didn't you knock his pistol up and then knock him off his horse?" "I would ha' done If I had thought of it. But he didn't give me time to think. He jumped out of the forest like a ghost, and had his nasty pistol under my nose before I could say Jack Robinson." "So he t~ok a hundred and twenty pounds from you? A heavy loss, but with wheat at Its pre- sent price you can afford it, and it will be a les- son to you not to stop gossiping and glassing when you are coming from London with money In your pocket," said Mr. Lucas, and then turned away to confer with Bill Hawker, his huntsman. Vane made no remark at the moment, but later in the day he had a word aside with Broadley. "If this loss Inconveniences you at all," said he, "I can let you have a hundred pounds, or so, for a few months." But Broadley, answering that he had a tidy balance at his banker's, "thank God," bluntly de- clined the offer, which he ascribed, to some, sinis- ter motive. In the intervals of the chase which, owing to scarcity of hares and bad scent, were pretty numerous, the talk ran almost exclusively on the ?Black Rider, with occasional references to Stephen Vane-when that gentleman, his daughter and Duke Thorne were out of earshot: Though at one time Epping Forest had been a haunt of highwaymen, stringent police measures and regular night patrols had for several years before the date of our story put an end to their depredations, which made the appearance of the Black Rider in the neighborhood all the more surprising. Every attempt to catch or entrap, or even to Idèntify him, had so far proved futile. His ways were not the ways of ordinary high- waymen. He was seldom seen at close quarters except by his victims, and as he wore a mask none of them had seen his face He was always well mounted, too, although nobody had the least idea where he kept his horses, and as C inker, the sporting butcher, shrewdly observed, a chap can- not keep a horse in his pocket. It was at first supposed that he hailed from the metropolis,., but as np.man .answering to "his des- cription was ever encountered on' thé road, though assiduously watched for, this theory had.' to be abandoned. Moreover, as a rule, he robbed only local people, and none were molested who . had got a good round sumfin their purses; from which, and other circumstances, it was evident that the Black Rider was in the way of knowing a great deal about people's, movements and affairs. ". u ; The difficulty was to spot him, and .though many had-suspicions, nobody -ventured to put them into a definite shape until Sidebones, the horse 'dealer, one night electrified the company at the Roebuck by hinting that, in his opinion, Stephen Vane was the delinquent "If I may tell you what I think," said he," "the" Black Rider does not live more than twenty ml es from Fiddler's. Hall." ^ - . "That's nonsense-rich men don't risk.'their necks by robbing on the highway," said;, one..bf ~ them. "Besides Va .". 7 "Name no names. ' It is dangerous, ,and what we are saying here must go no further,*':Mnter rupted the horse dealer. "As you say, rich men don't rob, leastways on the. highway, but it has. never been proved as he is-rich. "What was he aboiit all the time he was in foreign parts? "No- body knows. "What is this business as takes him away every now and then for weeks on end ? No- body knows. If all was straightway and above board do you think there would be so much mys- tery? And that ls not all. There was no Black Rider before he came into the country, and no robbery has been committed except at points that can begot to from Fiddler's Hall through the Forest, and there's poachers as has seen a horse- man stealing by night down the Green Ride, and you know where that leads to. That's the point. Who else ls there as keeps, horses, knows what's going on, and can find his'-wáy about the fores; after dark?" "That's true. All the same, a man like that could not go out riding late at night without the servants suspecting something, and if they sus- pect they would blab," , urged another of the com pany. "Why not? It's not as If it -was every night. It is only no'w and then. And that servant man, as sleeps over the stable, and ls as close as the grave, would dress his horse down, and nobody be any the wiser. They are both in it, as sure as my name is Sidebones. . . . But this must go no further. It is quite among ourselves, and no names, please, or some of us will be getting into a hobble." "Quite among ourselves," acquiesced the com- pany, probably meaning to be as good as their word. Nevertheless, all who were married re- lated to their wives what had passed, with varia- tions and additions, and the tale was whispered from one to another until it became the town's talk, although a considerable time-elapsed before it came to the knowledge of those whom it prin- cipally-concerned. 