Why the Church Condemns Cremation. Persons who consent to the cremation of their bodies after death put themselves outside the pale of the Church, and are therefore denied the sacraments and Christian burial. In cases where owing to infectious malady the destruction of the body by means of fire is rendered desirable, there is no objection to priests acoording the last rites to the dead, or celebrating public Mass for the repose of the soul. The same exception is made in the case of those who have perished in any conflagration. With regard to those whose bodies have been cremated without their antemortem consent, the Church authorizes full religious rites, with the provision, however, that, whereas, in the case of children, the Mass may be public, the celebration must be private where adults are concerned. It is only since 1886 that cremation has been officially discountenanced by the Catholic Church, save in the case of the exceptions enumerated. Among the principal reasons which prompted Leo XIII. to take this step was the fact that incineration had been adopted by the atheist Freemasons of Continental Europe as a feature of their funeral rites, for the purpose of giving a public expression to their disbelief in the doctrine of the resurrection or the life hereafter ; in the second place, there is the veneration of the body which was once the temple of the Holy Ghost. See the Church's respect for relics, which, of course, could not exist if cremation were practiced. Lastly, cremation is a rude treatment, altogether at variance with our human instinct?, which lead us to dispose of the dead with tenderest care, and there is no donbt that cremation tends to a diminution of the tokens of respect for the dead which constitute so beautiful a feature of most of the recognized religions. Thus in Vienna, where a crematorium is situated at a distance of five miles from the city, the management has established a system of pneumatic tubes, through which the dead are shot in the space of a few seconds from the receiving house in the centre of the town to the building in which the furnaces are located, just as if they wore mere packages of New York mail matter; while in Paris, since secular management has taken the place of religious control in the great hospitals of the metropolis, all the so-called "debris anatomiques" are consigned pell-mell to the flames of the crematories at the great cemetery of Pere Lachaise. The "debrisauatomiques" are the bodies and fragments of bodies of the paupers and unknown dead whoso remains have been entrusted to the doctors and medical students for study and scientific investigation. After they have served this purpose they are returned to the hospitals, which thereupon ship them by the cartload to the Pere Lachaise crematorium, where they are roughly shot into the furnace like so much offal, with just as little ceremony and without any religious rites. According to the latest official returns, the corpses of no less than 27,000 human beings are disposed of each year in this manner, which is well calculated to offend the religious sentiments not alone of Catholics, but likewise $be members of every other faith, nb; matter whether Christian, Hebrew or .Mahometan. The Pope takes the ground that' the ordinary, form of burial has been, so to speak, consecnfted by usage ever since the ioundatioii'of '£ne Christian faith ; that it has been accepted from time immemorial as forming part and parcel of the religious ceremonies of the latter, and that the old-fashioned form of Christian burial may be said to have become one of the most solemn features of the rites of the Church and a consolation alike to the dying and to the bereaved. For these reasons the Pope disproves of incineration save under the exceptional circumstances just mentioned, aod in a decree dated May 17, 1886, he forbids the members of the Catholic Church to give directions for the cremation of their bodies after death, and ordains that those who render themselves guilty of disobedience in this respect shall be deprived not only of the sacraments prior to their demise, but likewise of the religious services at their obesquies. 