P missing heir GALLON by, . — IgY Mrs. G. Sheldon, , m., 0f " Dorothy's Jewels," ( CHAPTER XXXI. the ghost. I, «a5 a ion? While before Madge could , her composure ; she knew she nad the Duke of Wentworth the keen- "nrrow a man can know, for she had Ion true love, in those grave It eyes of his, and an intense desire Wf ' e into her heart, that she might Ehim even as lie deserved. fn ia a noblo-hearted man, mamma, i ho„or him as much as anyone whom lever known. I know he will make woman he marries inexpressibly r bnt I feel that the regard I have %! is not what it should be to become S>"3aid Madge, as she sat at her S'sfeet. her tearful face buried in Iu'dbw of this, dear, and I am sorry not ?ive you a bint of what was V'. ' hut your father and I really Si that you did care for him, and „jv(. him the answer he desired, fj.iideod a most estimable young n not to mention his wealth and the -Won he occupies. 1 think your father ' be a trifle disappointed, love," re- med -Mrs Dispeau a little sadly. Bat you would rather 1 would be 0, t0 myself, even to the sacrifice of ®siiu a duchess, would you not, K"„jmar asked the young girl, lifting head, and regarding her mother ear- Hestlr Certainly, Margaret ; but knowing, or gposin" your heart to be free, I thought- a coulS not fail to reciprocate the affac- on of the duke, especially as you had roeared to take so much pleasure in his cictv," and Mrs Dispeau regarded her seiner somewhat anxiously, and calleo mind the thoughts and suspicion which Hy'3 unusual excitement had caused nkWo or three hours before, when she ajcneakim; of Lord Cuthbert. )I#e aid not reply to this remark, at herejes drooped half guiltily at the aiu of thought which it suggested to her U'as she heart-free ? i'ntii this morning she had believed so, even when she had told the duke Kat she could not be his wife, no Koagiits of love for another had entered Br mind. But now, like a ray of light, Bcaine to her, that if she had received Bis nifer before that eventful night when Be had discovered Lord Cuthbert in the aait below, she would not have refused B- The revelation startled her with its Suddenness, and at the same time caused Her intense shame and mortification, and Het she wonld not stop to analyse her Belinjs further, but with an impatient povement she arose and suddenly left Hie room ; and when, half-an-hbur later, Hhe returned, having exchanged her j Hvening dress for a wrapper, her face was Halm and impenetrable, although some- Kia: paler than usual. B 'I'ben at last all was quiet in the castle, Hiie two young girls prepared to make heir nocturnal visit to Lord Cuthbert. H Nora was very much interested in the Hcc:et door which she had never dreamed Hed wida mysteries below, much more j hat it led irom her own rooms. And it Bs with a sort of awe stealing over her Hhac she followed the guidance of her Hriend. H: With noiseless steps they glided down ie sP'r4l staircase, passed through the Hscond secret; door, down the flight of tune steps, and on through the passage Hivard the vault, which had so long been Hie prison-house, and well-nigh the tomb Lord Cuthbert Callonby. H Nora grew so weak and faint, and clung nervously to Madge as she approached Hie spot, that she feared she would fall Hnconscious before they could reach the Hoom. B" not S'-Ve tip, Nora, darling ; be rave, be strong, for if we make any un- Hsua! noise, and are discovered, all will be . Hera we are. Hold the candle H. - ' draw the bolts," commanded |Ha<ice. H Bat she cc.uld not, her shaking fingers fed to grasp the silver candlestick, Bd she leaned panting against the solid while Madge set it upon the floor ihen quickly slipped the bolts and idled open the door. In an instant Lord Cuthbert bounded tward, and clasped his loved sister in H arms, drawing her within his room. Hr several minutes he held her close to H heart, his breath coming in long, eep-drasn sighs, while Nora lay back gainst his breast, her eyes closed, and and white as the wrapper, for which Biaoge had. made her exchange her tra- Hr. lu? dress aiter reaching the castle. |B. 1 Seemed to her as if she would never g , ' to move again ; she was content, at "er brother, so long monrned as B'1 ' iTas al!ve and well, and it was joy f lie there and feel the fierce Robbing of hie heart. The excess of appiness deprived her of all her strength, almost of sense. ord Cuthbert, when he began to re- BL-.l"3 a?'f"Possession, thought she > ,wave fainted, she was so still. oo-V P"or darling, you have suffered, "d ia good to give us back to other once more," he murmured, i,"1? '00 into ber face. t.i sound of his dear voice she at , , . aL'ain > her white arms crept Bid i-ju necb ; she lifted her face B , "er cheek against his, and while Bid Qn? 0.bim close, and yet closer, a BllnW ah broke from her lips, B \t„ j a a Passionate burst of tears. ,' turned and went out into the ot " the two alone ; she conld 6\. eaa their sacred meeting, and ithv D ra were Bowing fast in sym- Sho |e<j"_r.6®ained a long time, her heart ,tea -ltn a strange, sweet joy, as she oiC8, to, the low murmurs of their, ntly ' a a"6 said to herself, exult- vel® sorrows of Callonby are nearly J rith'in ,?"happiness will reign once more £n Biese castle walls!" ,r ne«1Stv1Ie ra>lnained standing thus Qddnni./ . an hour, when she was RiSindf sJaftl0B by the sound of be pa8saoe the fariher end of 8tood with a terrible be 'mWn .r a moment, for she knew ,,rald be ronm W ud Bound she was back within 'bite fa,.,! r161 hand upon Nora's, her etror in . a thng them like a ghost, and 4,'a husky tones ; " 8 cominV ®he gasped. " Someone fly quicklv passage yonder 1 With 1 are all-lost 1" itnekeu op the wind the terror, Lnr8 n8n® front the vault- sudden hod athhert paralysed at the 8 lit r vtard thfi'ro'80 ra— step3they sprang m before thfi 0t &> hoping to gain B, came P0raon, .whoever it might B>tice -ht, and thus escape . gr They could -see the glimmer of a light — their, .own they - had left behind in their fright — at - first faint, then growing, brighter as it advanced toward them. Nearer, and yet nearer it came, and in a moment more the horrified girls saw the burly figure of Ralph Callonby emerge from the gloom, bearing a lighted candle in his hand, and evidently bent on a visit to his solitary nephew. His head was bent, as if : in deep thought, so that he did not see the terror- stricken maidens," and with slow, delibe rate steps he advanced toward them: .Madge saw they could not escape, and as Nora was several steps beyond her, she could not attract her attention without speaking, and, with a faintly- breathed petition for help, she slipped into an empty vault to await, in almost suffocating suspense, the result of the encounter. Nora, too,, saw how futile was the at tempt to avoid him, and as he drew near; and the light flared upon his face, she conld see the same dark and malignant scowl upon it which had so terrified her in the years gone by. . Her face and lips grew bloodless, her eyes became dark and wild with terror; . her strength suddenly failed her, her lips refused to move, and, with a desperation born of despair, she suddenly siopped to confront him, and thus awaited his approach in the midst of the passage. In ail the years of her after life, she never forgot that moment. She expected he wonld kill her where she stood, and then murder her brother, and the fearfnl horror, afcer ner intense happiness of the last half-hour, seemed turning her to stone. Ralph Callonby had no thought that his progress was to be impeded, until, when oniy about two feet from Nora, she wildly put forth her hand to keep him off, and her icy fingers just swept his cheek. He lifted his head, mattering a startled oath as he did so. In an instant his feet also became rivetted to the stones beneath him, a wild look of fear blanched his face, and stjyed the blood in his veins ; his very flesh seemed to shrivel upon his bones, while a stinging pain crept through his every nerve, as if he were seized with a sudden cramp, and his kneeB visibly trembled. Only a moment he stood thus, regard ing that waxen, almost breathless figure, yet in that moment he lived an eternity of horror ; then, with a howl which reverbe rated through that passage like the cry of a lost demon, he suddenly dropped his candle, and turning with the speed of lightning, he fled back through the dark passage he had but just traversed, nor abated life pace one iota, until panting and breathless, his eyes starting from his head, and cold beads of perspiration standing at every pore, he reached his own apartments, and sank down upon the floor trembling as with an ague fit. "For Heaven's sake, Ralph Callonby, what is the matter with you 1" demanded his wife, who was still up, and writing some instrnctions for the housekeeper to follow on the morrow. " Ma-matter enough, I can tell you," he gasped, wiping the sweat from his brow, and his teeth chattering. " But what is it — are you ill T" she asked, in alarm, rising, and going to his side, as she saw how pale he was. " No, no ; though I never felt quite so shaky before in my life. Maria, Nora is dead !" he returned, with a horrible shudder, and staring blankly at her. " Nora dead — really dead, do you mean 1 How do you know ? and how conld yon receive the news so late at night 1 You didn't know this an honr ago," said Mrs Callonby, now really startled herself. "No, I did not, but I have just seen her ghost !'' " Her ghost, indeed ! Ralph Callonby, I thought you were above such things. You know there are no such things as ghosts," she replied, impatiently, and then added, heartlessly : " And what if she is dead, it only puts an end to so much more trouble and anxiety. She is out of the way for good and all now. I only wish her brother would be as accom modating. But as for you seeing her wraith — nonsense !" " But I tell you I have," he reiterated. " When I left you a while ago, I went to the butler's room to give him some orders about the wine to be used to-morrow evening. . And then I thought I'd go and see that— boy, whom I have not seen now for two or three days, I have been so busy about this affair. As I let myself into the secret passage that leads to his room, I was thinking deeply, and walked with my head bent down. I had got abont half way in the passage when something white shot out before, and touched my cheek, making the very marrow in my bones freeze, it was so icy cold. Of course, I was startled, and looked up, but I swear to you that I saw Nora Callonby stand ing there all in white, right in my path, and her eyes burning me through with that same sad terrified look she gave me the day that that body was brought here. She never moved, but stood there like a b'ock of stone, so that I conld not go on without touching her, and that was more than mortal man could do. Ugh ! ugh 1 'shall never get that ghastly face oat of my mind as long as I live — drat it I And of all times, to come just now, when everything is ao gay and jolly," he con cluded, rising, and sinking weakly into a large rocking-chair. "Ralph, you have either been eating something to disturb your digestion, .or else you have taken too much wine this evening. Do get tlife notion out of your head, for no sensible person nowadays believes in ghosts," said Lady Callonby, impatiently, and Bomewhat scornfully. "I have caken no wine at all, this evening, neither have I eaten anything unusual to day. I was not thinking of the girl even, until I looked up and saw her. I know I saw her as plainly as I see you now. "Wife," he went on, after a few minutes spent in deep thought, " I have a confession to make to yon. l suppose I ought to have told you in the first place, but I knew you would worry over it, and so I kept it to myself. Nora has never been at theC onvent of St. Mary's 1" "Never been at the Convent of St. Mary's? Ralph Callonby, what do you mean ? Are you mad, to tell me this ?" demanded his wife, now really frightened, and thinking -he must be losing his mind. t " No ; it is as I tell you, and I realise now- that I ought to have told you before, but I kept hoping to find her at the first, and when I had to -give it np, I thought it was no use fretting you with it." Lady Callonby's face was now also blanched to a deadly hue, a3 she listened to this fearful piece of news ; nor did she feel any relief als he went on and told her of Nora's escape, and his fruitless search in London for hei. - " I kept a detective , employed for a year," he said, in conclusion, " but he could, discover nothing ; and so I came- to -think that all she cared for was to get out of my way, and would never trouble me any more." And then he -told her of the stranger's visit from America, and his belief that she had fled to that country. " Ralph, 1 am afraid this means trouble for us," said his wife, looking very much distressed. "Nonsense ' he returned, with a hoarse laugh. ' If she is dead she can not trouble us, any more than to haunt us occasionally. I confess I never had such a start in my lif e. before ; but now toat 1 am getting over it a trifle, it is a relief to me to know that she has passed in her checks, and I can afford to see a ghost once in a while— for, Maria, our coffers are pretty well filled, my dear. She must be dead, or I would not have seen her ghost." ' He strove to., shake off the terror that was making his heart quake by- speaking thus lightly, and he did not like the. ex pression of foreboding whichremainedon his wife's face. "Well, we. can do nothing now,":she said at last ; " bnt I think yon had better go to bed at once, if you wish to be fit for anything to-morrow." . " No, by Heaven I Twill not ; ghost or no ghost, I must satisfy myself that all. is right with that boy before 1 sleep. Give me a glass of brandy to steady my nerves, and I will get James up, and we will go together and investigate this- matter."' Lady Callonby complied with his request, and he quaffed the burning fluid at a draught ; then, rising, he struggled from the apartment, for. his limbs were yet shaking from the fright he had received. " He aroused the butler, and they pro ceeded to the vault, where Lord Cuthbert lay apparently sleeping. He Had apprehended that his uncle would return as soon as he recovered him self ; and as soon as he found 'the girls were safely through the secret door, he had retired and feigned sleep, yet deeply grateful that Nora had been .taken for a visitant from the spirit world; rather than a living form of flesh and blood. All was dark and quiet when the two men reached his apartment, but he" aroused' himself as they unbolted the door, and asked what was wanted. His nncle waB satisfied, though chills were chasing each other down his back aB he asked, regarding him searchingly — " Have you been disturbed by any strange sight or sounds ?" 44 No, sir ; I have been disturbed by nothing strange. This passage, you are well aware, is too remote from the world to he very much disturbed by either its sights or its sounds," Lord Cuthbert replied, with a touch of sarcasm, and, turning on his couch, he thus signified his desire to be left alone again. Lord Callonby and his companion re tired, satisfied that all was right with their prisoner, although the former was more than ever convinced that he had seen Nora's wraith, and even after he had sought his pouch he could not entirely shake off Lis unpleasant impressions; The next morning he took his seat at the breakfast- table looking worn and haggard. 44 Are you not well, my lord ?" asked Madge, who, -as soon as she and Nora found themselves safe once more, con sidered the whole affair the most fortunate circumstance that could have happened, and were delighted that he should have believed Nora a ghost, and received such a fright. Poor Nora, however, did not recover from the shock quite so readily as Madge, and was weak and languid this morning. 44 Quite well, Miss Margaret, although I did not rest as well aB usual last night," his lordship returned, trying to smile. " You look quite ill — almost, as people say, as if you had seen . a ghost," she replied, demurely, yet not able to resist the temptation to remind him of his mid night adventure. She chuckled to herself as she saw him start and turn a shade paler, but she calmly buttered her roll, looking beauti fully unconscious the while. 44 Look as though I had seen a ghost, do 1 1" he repeated, recovering himself quickly, yet regarding her keenly, and then he asked somewhat anxiously : 44 Miss Margaret, do you believe in ghosts ?" 44 1 — don't — know," said Madge, re flectively, longing to tell him she did, ju3t to add to his torture, but hardly daring to risk so much as that. " I don't know," she repeated; 44 at all events I don't believe they ever trouble people who have a clear conscience." 44 Then you do think that a person with a guilty conscience might be hannted by one?" he continued, striving to speak lightly. 44 1 think such a person might imagine himself to be haunted if he had ever done any one great injury." 44 Then you are willing to admit that all ghosts are imaginary beings T' 44 1 can only answer for myself, my lord. I never saw one, although I have known of people who think they exist," she answered, wickedly, and then not caring to be questioned further, she turned to order something of the servant who stood behind her chair ; but it did not trouble her in the least to observe that his lordship was anything but easy in his mind during the remainder of the meal. CHAPTER XXXII. the unhidden gubsts. The day of the much anticipated ball was clear, calm, and beautiful. All around the smiliDg landscape was wonder fully rich and fair ; pasture and meadow glowed bright and warm as the sun softly caressed the purple heather, and made deeper the vermilion dyes which mottled the landscape here and there. The river in the distance sparkled on between its bankB, which were still soft and green, and fringed with tinted trees, while beyond and above all towered the hills like many huge bouquets, giving the fair picture a background richer and rarer than ever glowed upon canvas. Callonby itself gleamed with crimson, gold, and green, while in the midst towered aloft the gray, grim castle, with its many towers and turrets, guarding, like some stern sentinel its paradise beneath. The pure October air was almost in toxicating in its keen exhilaration, and it was a joy but to live and breathe; and gaze upon the glories of that perfect day, while one could not but acknowledge the infinite hanff of the great Sculptor; Archi tect, and Painter in it all. The gay .company in the "castle were in a state of delightful excitement. Trunks and boxes innumerable had arrived the night before from London and Paris, and every matron, damsel, and maid was deep in the mysteries of evening toilets ; trying on, admiring, or remodelling as the fashionable modiste had been fortu nate or unfortunate as to fit, taste; or arrangement of drapery. In Nora's dainty boudoir our two young girls, together with Mrs Dispeau, were in the depths of . costume Btudy, Madge being determined, that Nora's cos- tume should he faultless ; and her deft white fingers flew in and out among the shining folds of silk and rare creamy lace, putting the last touches to au ele gant affair just from Paris, the draping . of which had been too set and stiff to suit her ideas of gracefulness. Her own dress she had chosen for a similar occasion some time before, but accident had prevented her wearing it at that time, and now she was free from all care or perplexity regarding her own ap pearance. They were chatting pleasantly, and joyously anticipating the reunion which wonld soon make them all so happy, when someone knocked on the door. Nora, at the sound, started quickly from the chair, and, gliding through the dressing-room, concealed herself in the room beyond ; while Madge, calmly and without a tell-tale shade upon her face-, walked to the door and unlocked it.. The servant who Btood there reached forward a Balver with a card upon it, and Madge's bright eyes danced joyously as she read 44 Percival Bruce " upon it. ' Say to the gentleman we are very much engaged just now, and he .will do as a favor if he will come up here," she Baid, afcer a moment's thought, and knowing he would not be surprised at her request, as in no other way could ; he meet Nora before evening. The servant bowed and retired to do her bidding, soon returning; however, with the aforesaid gentleman. Both mother and 'daughter .greeted him joy ously, and, after again securely locking the' door, Madge flew , into .her chamber and drew Nora forth, blnshing, yet dimp ling with happy smiles.. . .. A long and interesting chat followed, after winch Madge took Percy down into the drawingroom to find her father, and introduce him to the coinpany. Evening came ; the most -brilliant and gay that Callonby had ever known-r-the; most wretched and miserable its pre-, tended lord and master had ever expe rienced. , . Everywhere light and beanty .prevailed. From the tops of its numerous towers and turrets to the gravellod drive way around it the castle was brilliant with many colored lights A sort of triumphal arch had been erected acrosa. the avenue in front of the grand entrance, beneath which the carriages drove to deliver their fair . freight, . and from this' tiny pqlored lights were suspended by invisible wires;:, forming. the word 44 Welcome." - '.. The central fountain in the park was SHrrounded with them, and sparkled from two arches crossing each other high above it, making, the spot look like some bewil dering vision of fairyland. Li the dainty pavilion, too, erected for the accommoda tion of the various bands, light -and beauty reigned, streamers waved and fluttered in the breeze, flowers added brightness to the scene, and made the air' heavy with their fragrance. Strange, was it not, that . the Lord of Callonby should have loved.it so — this light — revealing everything around, above, below, when his life' and deeds were bo evil? Yet how fitting, too, and how emblem atic, when after the darkness and sha dows which had so long rested upon and wrapped in gloom the lives of the legiti mate family, that thus that darkness and shadow should be dispelled, and the evil so long reigning there be revealed to the world: Within the castle newjjbeapties awaited to charm the eye and ravish the senses. The decorator had indeed profited by the carte blanche given him by his lordship, and had made the venerable old structure a perfect paradise with his arc. The grand entrance hall was adorned upon every panel with the English coat- of- arms — a shield surmounted by a crown, the shield' of solid green, the crown of golden narcissns— a compliment of which Her Majesty herself might have been proud, had she baen_present to view it. The ballroom was simply festooned with dark glossy green, mingled with white flowers, with hanging baskets at every available point, and seemed so pure and cool that it was a pleasure to move aad breathe in its lovely shade, while the golden lamps, suspended by invisible wires, seemed like glowworms floating among the emerald green. (To 6 e Continued. ) 