The Chapel of Ease By Harriet Riddle Davis. CHAPTER XIX.— (OotmNUBD). ' Tho dootor has gone, sir : he told me to pay, whou you oamo in, that he sees nothing alarming in Mrs Oeoil's condition ; that, so far as ho oau judge, she is nervously ex- hausted, but he thiuks she will be all right with rest and care. After you went out, sir, she recovered consciousness, and asked for you, and when told you were not here she beoamo bo excited that the dootor was ob- ugeu lu givu nur sumeiiuiug to quieten nor- Sho has dropped oif to sleep. If she wakes again, you may see her ; but there must be absolute quiot ; there must be nothing to exoite her.' ' John stepped softly past the nnrso into the dimly lighted room. She followed him, and whispered, oautiohingly,— ' You muBt not wake hor on any aooount, sir.' John shook his head in silenoe and qnietly took np a position whoro he could sea her faco. it seemed to him that it was the ghost ni Hester, the ghost of bis love, that lay before him. Her faoe was white and exhausted; her yellow hair had been gathered off her faoe, evidently in hurried , fashion, and lay in a rope over the pillow. Her half-open hands lay nervoasly on the aounterpane, and there were traoes of 'suffering in them and in every line of the face. As he noted them, there swept over him a ioeling of emotion that threatened to overmaster him. He oouid feel the swift tide rise from his heart and spread straight to his -lips, whioh qnivered beneath it, and co his eyes whioh beeame "suddenly dim. He had to shut his hands to keep down the flood gates. Everything that had been wretched and horrible in the events of the day fell away from him oomplotely. He wondered how anything on earth could ever have mattered to him when balanoed against Hester's life OBd love : it all seemed so little, and pitiful, and mean. Ho . was so lost in contemplation of her faoe and in tho thoughts and emotions that oamo crowding to his brain that ho did . not know" how. long he .had been standing, nor realize how worn oat and overwrought he .was, until the narso quietly brought him a obair, and, placing it by the beds-do, motioned him to sit down. He gratefully accepted it, aud leaned his tired head against thoieide of tho bed, and his long vigil began. Once, later, the nurse oame again to him, and said, — ' You look very tired, sir; you had better go to bed. I will call you if she wakes.' But John shook his head. He would not sleep until Hoster should openiher.oyes! again and look at him. He oould ..not forget, the last terrible expression he 'had seeii lu them when bIio had turnod hor fnoo tohimaftor the servioo was over in tho ohuroh; A littlo aitor midnight Hester boonmo very restless, and began to muttor broken, dis jointed words. Finally sbo opoued hor oyes and looked oagorly round tho room, and called John's namo in a frightened voioo. Ho instnutly bout ovor hor. Sho,, was so startled whon bUo paw his oyos looking into hors that John's hoart stood still. He thought that she did not know him ; but almost immodiatoly the startled look died out of hor faoe, tears gatherod slowly in hor oyes, sho triod to speak, hor lips quivered,' and Anally sho turned her faoe from him. ' What is it, Hester f' ho said, anxiously, though softly. Sho made an effort to keep baok tho tears, and said, slowly and brokenly, Why wouldn't you hoar my explanation ? Why did you givo me up ?' It was evident that sho had oither for gotten or hnd not sensed tho marriage servioo. Hor mind had not gone beyond tho soene with John in tho vestibule of the ohuroh ; everything else had been blottod out. John lifted up her nerveless hands in his, pressed his ltps to them, and said, i'liotly,— ' I did not give you up ; wo wore married, Hester; you are my wife; that is why I am heie beside you.' She turnod her faoe eagerly towards him ; a life oamo to her eyes. She was about to speak again, but .the nurse oame to the bod and made a warning gesture, whioh John Understood. He bent his head olose to Hester's, and, kissing her softly, said, in a hushed, voioe,— ' Don't try to talk any more now, Hester ; I shall watoh beside you all through the night ; I shall not leave vou for a moment, and I am strong and happy in my love for you.' The look of relief whioh spread over her faoe was instantaneous. She asked no farther questions ; she did not want to talk; John was beside her, he had said that ho would not leave her. She dimly understood that he know everything, and, Bhe ppuld rdst at last. ' With a'sigh of infinite 'Content, she smiled into his eyjij. -then , her own olosed heavily and she 'sank into a deep . Sleep. Her slender, nervous fingers' olung to his hand and - never relaxed their hold . all through the silent peaceful night. And John kept.his vigil at her side. When the mail-bag was opened a few days later at Ohapol House, there were two letters in John s handwriting. One was for Aunt Jenifer, and one was for Carey Aunt Jenifer wipod her speotaoles, adjusted them carefully, and proceeded to open hera, wondering what John oonld find to write to her about. Carey onrried hors over to the window in order to spell out John's queer handwriting, bnt hor attention was im mediately attraotod by a big bluebottle fly which had . somehow managed to defy the oold weather and was buzzing and humming around with ail the aheorfnlness and con fidence appropriate to a day in June. Carey oould not attend to her letter, even thongh it was from John, till she had despatched this exoiting fly. She determined to out him in two with Aunt Jenifer's shears, and she was juai uegiuuuig a uveiy (muse up ana down the window paneB, when she was as tonished to see Aunt Jenifer- rise suddenly from her ohair, upset her work- basket, and oall out in a sharp voioo to tho entile house hold, although no one was present hut Carey, — '"Carey! Becky! Jasper! all of you! They've gone and got married in town 1' ' Who's gone" and got married in town?' asked Carey, mak<ng dabs at the fly with the shears. 1 ' Why, John Oeoil's gone and married Hester, to be sure. Well! well! I never heard the like oi it.' ' "John and Hester got married ?'. eoboed Carey? dropping the -shears and', suddenly sitting down on the settle with a thump. '1 don't b'liovo it, oho exclaimed; ' 1 Yes, hern it is : John says, 'Dear Aunt Jenifer,' (' Dear Annt,' indeed !' she sniffed, though it was olear from tho.puoker around her lipB that John's adoption of her as a relative was highly pleasing to her,) ' I may as well tell you without any flourish that Hoster and I were married on Wednesday at St Paul's Ohuroh, and, barring the fact that Hester has had an atraok similar to the one when she fainted last winter, aud that I have been awfully worried and upset about her, we are the two happiest people I know of. We don't know when we shall return, l .hope you will paoify Carey before' we oome ; I shall probably have to give her half of my possessions in order to appease her. Hester sends hor love, and will write very sooii.' ' ' ' . ' ' Yours affeotionately, . ' John Wouthinoton Oech.. . It's the meanest, sneakiu'est, most low- down thing I ever, heard of, to go off and get married all by themselves and .leave us all : out, and then stay in town and have a good time ; 'twould been'a heap.moro fun for 'em - to 've had mo and Jasper and the dog along. I juBt tell you, Aunt Jenifer, I'm goin! real mad about it ; I ain't goin' to speak to 'em of notice 'em when tbey do get baok, and I .guess they'll ' wish they , behaved ;bettor,' angrily exclaimed . Carey. . Then , she waa silent while she tried to adjust her mind to the new order of things. At last she broke oiit again: I'll just make John fork ovor lots of things; I'll make him gimme the now beagle puppies', and his double-bladed jaok-knife, aiid his best pair of dividers, and I guess I might as woll speak for the yearling oolt while I'm 'bout it,' she wound up, jumping up from the Bottle and ' already full of the Idea of her new possessions, whioh, under the circumstances, sho knew she oould wheedle out of John. 'Well, I know what Caroline Jenifer's goin' to do,' said Annt Jenifer, arranging the oontents of her work-basket, taking oif her aoron. and niokina' the threads nff hep gown. Thoro was determination in bor tone aud a flush on ber smooth, pink faoe. ' I'm goin' to marok myself to Dorset, and I'm going to tell every man, woman aud obild in that village that John aud Hestor aro mar ried. and I'll wager that boforo night it will be known all over Dorset parish and tho whole oountry to boot ; and if some of thoBe people yonder don't feel about the size of a pea when I'm done with 'em, then my name aiu't Caroline Jenifer.' And Annt Jenifer, with skirts tucked np, and her sturdy feet enoased in goloshes, was soon splashing hor way ovor tho muddy road to spread the news of John and Hester'H marriago. Her triumph waa complete. The villagers stared in one another's faoes. There was no truth in the dreadful stories, and there never had been ; Colonel Brent was doad, and Hester had been a widow after all. and John Ceoil had known all the time what he was about. Everybody agreed that it was the most suitable match that had been made in the county for years ; and the whole parish was in an idyllio state of delight over the marriage of John and Hester, and their ant-ioipated return to Oapel House, destined to be to them, in a new sense, truly a Chapel of ease. (The End.) On every engine on the London, Brighton, and South Coast Line there ib printed be tween the look- out windows the namo of the driver, under which there is the date when the engine was built. It it is an old engine there is at the side of the date a- number , of miles, whioh is usually about half a million, and then another date is printod. Tho second dato is whon the engine was over hauled and repairod, and the number repre sents the distance in miles tbo eogine has travelled from the time it was built to the time when it had to no repaired. This system has many advantages. In the first place, every raau keeps to his own engine. Jtle knows all its good points, knows exactly its capabilities and limitations. Then, again, having his name printed on his engine makos every driver take a pride in it, and it is a proud day for him when he makes. a record run. 