... ' ,A DOLEFUL DAY.- ' ? ' !.; T'-' ???'? y&ML; (By 'BOONDI.') ? I :AimMw-TsS'£ EUte parti culars about the matter, b owe vfcr ; let it suf fice to say that I am more than 7\. Possibly 1 could have been born much later and weal thier had I given the subject due attention, but I was very young at the time, and must hav« for ?..« - ... - - ? gotten the t wise mail s warning:' 'Children should be most particular in 'the selection of their parents.' I might have been ' the Prince of : -..Wale/ had I thought of those wise words. But perhaps I am better off as it. is, for ' Albe'r;. Edward las a iaatte back;, and a ?;crohk kn6e; and . a deplorably unreliable scoma,ch, and a shamefully bald head, and : Jie can t .wink the other eye at the prertty girl,' or- even sneeze, without all the penny papers publishing the fact, and of course : .some :devi]ish good-natured friend shows the pars to Mts. A.E., and protty soon the ? poor Prince .finds a chap .in his porridge, and a fly in his hair-dye, and a flea in his' -ear; -and divers other distressing things too numerous to mention. I miight have been Mrs. I^angtry,. but— out— well, I am afraid .-'i.-'Sy-ould never .be able; to act up to 'the port of ' a -professional beauty; and, somehow, I don't think I'd shine as the Mother of the Gracchi, ' or' .a 'New-- -Woman' in baggy breeches and bandy-legged stockings, and Jiorribie boots either. Man's life is a war fare, but a Woman's is often one unceasing earthquake. My heart often bleeds until -my vest's all' 'Maggy' 'as T tliiiik of the woes of Jthe wives of other men. » - * ? »' _ The surest :Sign that a. man is growing old is when he begins to 'blow' about how well' ho wears:' Occasionally he. gets a kink in . his back, anflifiirls tha.t. he ought to .lean up against a- f once and cough, even as he 'blows,' but; as a rule, he lies bravely, and- says a 'fly got- down his. throat,' or ?-makes Some other excuse of an equally ri diculous nature. I have heard that 'fly' yarnr.used in the middle of the night, and in the depth of Winter- also. I don't look ..my. age, cf course, but I only boasted of that fact once. It was at a pleasant as semblage of various' sexes, and the remark was made solely for the benefit of an adorable ;young. widpw in a corner, but a learned -blatherskite heard it and bawled out in reply: 'Yes; you always remind me pf that passage in. the 'Green Carnation.' 'He looks astonishingly young. He says ?Its sins keep him fresh. A sinner with a young lamb's heart among the full- grown ..flocks of saints, you know.' ' He looked very like a saint, didn't he ? With a nose like .a squashed tomato, and a breath liktj that of a slaughter- hpuse crow. I do hate a fool., * ' # ♦ * Seriously speaking, I do not welcome a birthday now with that wild enthusiasm I did 'when a boy, in fact, I -am beginning to -wish I had been .born on the 29th of Feb riia'ry, so that I might have a birthday only once in._. every four years. 'Why do we -celebrate birthdays at' all ?' asks a scribe, who -is evidently beginning to sour with age. ? 'The average man,' he continues, 'calls his friends together when his birth day arrives and shouts: 'Rejoice with me ! I am a year older than I was twelve months ago !' And then he withdraws to his room' to put a little fresh dye on his hair, and to hop about before his glass, so - as to acquire a youthful, jaunty air, till the 'rheumatiz' doubles him up suddenly, like a' Boer. bullet. — ...V #*'.???♦ ?» ... I am not. a bit like that, of course. I'm as good'as new, since I got a divorce from my old neuralgia, and I had some furiously funny pipe yarns to spin to-day, but as I ' sat down to reel them off the children — ; God bless them all ! — came trooping in to wish me .'many happy returns,' and the tiniest' one (I can't think of hi3 number 'just now), had -a: little birthday present rol led up' in paper,' which present , might, be a great delight, but was probably a prayer book or a liver pad, for I had overheard the little, ones mother telling them to 'buy something useful for him with your pen nies'*- a week before. (Women are great utilitarians — when it comes to a matter of spending pennies.) It was all very nice and touching^ no doubt, but it gave me a blue .' and.white^spasm, just over the solar plexus, and so the jokes had to be postponed, for my thoughts flew back to the grand old lines of Horace; lines that will live as long as ever a man remains on earth, for they echo- the sentiments of the hearts of all men, who have - climbed » the hill of life, and turn from the glad world on one side to the dark and dreary, road they must soon travel down the other : 'Eheu ! fugaces, Posthume,- Posthumc, labantur ami — Alas ! Posthumus, Fosthumus, our years pass away,- nor :can piety stay wrinkles, and ap proaching old . age, and unconquerable death !' Thoughts like these; thoughts which, like P.anquo's ghost, 'will not down,' cloud the brightness of one's birth day; but then what would you ? Every rose has its ?thorn; every earthly pleasure has its pain; and' so, to-day, I sit and sigh as the old Roman -did : 'Surgit amari aliquid !' . =??' ^ '' ' *. Sighing won't boil the pot, however, and so let me. now pen some further birthday reflections of a more cheery Sunday-dinner ?. appetising, nature; - Concerning birthday gifts and the like, for- instance, it is to be regretted that the donors invariably donate what they themselves would like to have, and hardly ever what the recipients would care for. Dean VSwift was of opinion that making agfeea.ble- presents was an affair of as delicate a nature' as most in the course of life. And he added that his 'Stella' used rto say; 'A present is a gift to ?. friend of something he wants, or is fond of, and which can be easily gotten for' money.' My own - Stella generally says: 'Now, don't -you-' show your no3e ' home to-night without bringing me some thing nice, and let it be the very best you caii get;' a matter which reminds me of the cage of a- certain ..man who went down from' Sihgletbn to Sydney on urgent busi -.ness during Christmas.. wg_ek.- -As he was leaving home he said something to his . wife about bringing back a Christmas pre sent for' -her. . And, . having . finished his business in the city, he telegraphed to his '.superior half as follows: 'What shall I buy you— a d iamond r in g, ? or a silk dress, or a gold watch ?' The reply was short and sharp : 'Buy the lot!' That3' the kind of wife , , I'd like -to marry— to some other fellow. -? , » * .The definition of an 'agreeable present' ?given by Swift's 'Stella' is not exactly cor- . re-ct. The. i-arlty of.. the present and the diffi culty of obtaining rit aidd a relish to the gift, no doubt, buit it does not 'add to its value as. an ihdi cation pf friendship. The lover^ if worthy, of -the name, prefers a lock of his lady's hair to a diamond ring, and he; will treasure up a little bit of decayed ^vegetation in -the -Shape of a faded; flotwer . she gave him in bygone days far mere, dearly than ..he would a gold medal given' to him' toy tihe President of the Uni versity. A present should bo adapted to a pe^u's taste. The., son of a certain Rabbi once' made me' a ?oresent'of a verv hand some meerschaum pipe ? and ease, but : S I never use tobacco in any form, this gilt was of as much use to me as a pair of open glasses would be to \a blind man. b ex plained this to my Hebrew friend, the re sult being that he took the pipe back, aid I never got anything in its' place. Legacies, ?however, . welcome, seldoni increase on^'s affection for :the dear deceased. At least,' I do not 'think they do, but I have had no personal experience of the, matter. Gifts from the living are preferable; certainly, the donor has the satisfaction of being thanked, and of, at times, seeing the great good his thoughtful generosity has accom plished. The late Mr. Tyson might hare done immeasurable good, parhaps saved scores of valuable lives, by\ distributing eyen a portion' of his immente wealth iu charity while alive, but he wss not 'built that' ? -way,' and so far as jthe atten dance o£ sincere mourners wat concerned, he came within an ace of having k black fellow's funeral after all. I -'- * . * * 1 . An honest old countryman jwith straw in his hair and burrs on his branches, and who openly boasted that he 'ifadn't been into a city for forty years before,' accom panied his wife to one of those Tolossal es tablishments that provide a |man with everything, from a rat-trap to albrand new bride, in order to get some presents for ?the 'kiddies,' as he said, and, Ipf course, it wasn't long before he got separated from the old lady, and found himsiilf fairly 'bushed' in the big building. Knowing that^men are at a premium in the matri monial market to-day, however, 'lie coolly decided to let the old lady start ii search of him, and after mooning about in silent wonder at the marvellous sights he saw around, the old 'hayseed' pointed to, some glittering weapons in a show case and said: ' What's all them funny lookin' tilings down there for !' 'That's a manicure set, sir,' replied the shop girl, sweetly. 'A which ?' inquired the visitor, in a dazed sort of way. 'A manicure set,' returned the girl, who was already well on the gig gle. 'It's for the nails, you- know, sir.' 'Oh, yes !' exclaimed the ancient bushie, brightening up, as he thought he was on a familiar track. 'I know all about nails, I j. *0 ui x w j-Lii/x t? lituxs iu my uHre than there's 'hairs on a goat. But ain't there no hammer to go with the zet ?' * * * * 'No, sir,' answered the half-choking girl, 'these things are for finger nails, you know ?' . 'For finger nails, did ye say ? Finger nails like them ?' and the visitor held up five gnarled, knobby fin- ? gers that looked like an eld hen's claws after a hard day's rooting in a potato paddock. 'Finger nails' like them ?' 'Exactly, sir. They are for trimming them, and keeping them in: good' condition.' 'Is that what all them new, shining little toys is for ?' asked the old man, as his eyes 'began to bulge out 'with wonder. 'Yes, sir.' 'And what might the cost of the whole kit be ?' 'They range from 30s up to £5, sir.' 'Holy gosh!' ex claimed the now wholly demoralised stran ger, as he sank on a chair to keep himself from falling— 'An' do you ever sell any uv 'em ?' * * * * By this time the poor shop girl was fit to explode with suppressed laughter, and her corset-ribs were cracking in all directions ; but she kicked a pet corn against the sharp edge of a box underneath the counter in order .to gat something less ridiculous than her gaping-mouthed customer to think about, and with a mighty effort said: 'Oh, yes, sir. we sell an immense number of ?these manicure sets, indeed: in fact, we have only a few more left.' 'Weil, s'welp uio giaouua ; uuoci v.cu tuc uiu xua.ii. cjiltty - ?ly. 'An* you're quite sure tihey am''t used for 'anything else but tityvatin' a feller's nails ?' 'Certainly, sir; that's their pro per, 'use.'. 'An' you get as much, as five poun' for some of '.em ?' 'We do, indeed, sir.'. Then the dazed old dodger rose, and, without noticing the poor shop girl 'any further, he shuffled off,, remarking to him self;' as he pottered along, 'Weil,- -wall ! Whatever would some people do for a livin' if it: wasn't for the blarsted' fools that this sinful world is full of.' * * . ♦ # Now /that the doleful -day of my birth anniversary is over I feel, a 'trifle easier — something like a reprieved criminal might feeiwhen told he need not -rise early in the morning to be hanged, tout may remain in gaol all his lifetime. My appeitite is return ing, 'the sentimental fit is over, and I am beginning - to calculate which will be the best pantomime to go to next Christmas — in the interests of the children, of course. In a little while longer I'll probably be banging the furniture about if the dinner isn't served to the minute, and bribing the elder youngsters to call inc 'Cousin John, from Johannesburg,' in public (it would be a -waste of money to try .that game on the little ones, because they'd waut to know 'why ?') and perhaps I may emulate Lord Beauchamp, and face a whole young ladies', school, or even the beauteous banditti at the Cardinal's Commonwealth Fair, and throw up my head, and throw out my arms, and defiantly shout: 'Let 'em all come !' But, alas ! Old Father Time is a caller that no one can dodge or bluff when' the age oif grey hair, and gout, and grandchildren thrusts itself upon us; but, Laus Deo ! I have none of these, and may be able to bore our readers a/bout this time next year with my depressing drivel concerning another Doleful Day. '' 