The Desertion . of Mafaom med Salim. Bjr GILBERT PAEKER. Author of 'The Battle of tie Strong,' 'The Seats of the Mighty,' 'When Val mont Came to Pontiac, 'The Trail of. the Sword,' &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER I. The business began during Ramadan; how it ended and where it was was in the inouth of every soldier be tween Beni Souef and Dongola, and there was not a mud hut or a mosque within thirty miles of Ma honuned Salim's home, not a kiassa or fe lucca putting in for gossip and garlic below the mudirien, but knew the story of Soada, tin; uaugnter 01 wassex, me camei-ariver. Soada was pcetty ana upright, with a full round fcreast and a slim figure. She .carried a balass of. water on her head as gracefully as a princess might a tiara. Th's was remarked- by occasional saadats mak ing their offi -ml 1' urds, and by more than one howadji putting in with his daihabeah where the village maidens came to fill their water-jars. Soada's trinkets and brace lets were perhaps no better than those of her companions, but her one garment was of the linen of Beni Mazar, as good as that worn by the Sheik-el-belad himself. Wassef, the camel-driver, being proud of Soada, gave flier the advantage of his fre quent good fortune in desert Toot and Nile backsheesh. But Wassef was a hard man for all that, and he grew bitter and mo rose at last because be saw that camel driving must suffer by the coming of the. railway. Besides, as a man gets older he likes the season of Ramadan less, for he must fast from sunrise to sunset, tihough his work goes on; and having his meals at night, wibh broken sleep, it is ten to one but he gets irritable. So it happened that one evening just at sunset Wassef came to his hut, with the sun like the red rim of a huge thumb-nail in the sky behind him, ready beyond tell ing for 'his breakfast, and found nothing. On his way home 'he had seen before tne houses and cafe's silent Mussulmans with cigarettes and matches in their fin gers, cooks with their hands on the lids of tine cooking-pots, where the dourha and onions boiled, but la ere outside his own doorway there was no odor, and there was silence within. 'Now, by the 'beard of the Prophet,' he muttered, 'is it for this I have fed -the bint and clothed her with linen from Beni Mazar all these years?' And he turned upon his heel, and kicking tfhe yellow pi dog in the ribs, went to the nearest cafe, and making huge rolls o'f forced meat with his fingers, crammed them into his mouth, grunting like a Berkshire boar. Nor did his anger cease thereafter, for this meal of meat had cost him five piastres — the second meal of meat in a week. As Wassef sat on the mastaba of the cafe, sullen and angry, the village barber whispered in his ear that Mahomrned Sa lim and his daughter had been hunting jackals in the desert all afternoon. Hardly had the barber fled from the anger of Wassef, when a glittering Kavass of the Mouffetieh at Cairo on a black errand of conscription passed by. With a curse Wassef felt in his vest for his purpose, and called to the Kavass, that object being more dreaded in Egypt than the plague. That very night the conscription de scended upon Mahommed Salim, and by sunrise he was standing in front of the house of the Mamoor.with twelve others, to begin the march to Dongola. Though the young man's father went secretly to even to the tuue of a feddan of land, the Mamoor refused to accept it. That was a very peculiar thing, because every Egyp tian official, from the great Ismail down to the ghafiir of the cane fieldE, took back sheesh in the name of Allah. Wassef, the cameldriver, was the cause. He was a deep man and a strong; and it was through him the conscription descen ded upon Mahommed Salim ('the son of a burnt father,' as he called him), who had gone shooting jackals in the desert with his daughter and had lost him his breakfast. Wassef's rage was quiet but effective, and to some fell purpose he had whispered in the ear of the Mamoor as well as in that of the dreaded Kavass of conscription. Afterwards be had gone home and smiled at Soada, his daughter, when she lied to him about the sunset breakfast. The malignant camel-driver watched with a i lacid smile and with lips that mur mured, 'Praise be tto God,' the shrieking \vomen of the village throwing dust on their heads and lamenting loudly for the thirteen young men of Beni Souef who were going forth never to return— or so it seemed to them; for of all the herd of human kine driven into the desert before whips and swords but a moiety ever re turned, and that moiety so battered that their mothers did not know them. There fore women wept and men looked sullenly upon the ground that morning at Beni Souef— all but Wassef,. the camel-driver. It troubled the mind of Wassef that Mahommed Salim made no outcry at his fate. He was still more puzzled when the Mamoor whispered to him that Mahom med Salim had told the Kavass and his own father that since it was the will of God, then the will of, God was his will and he would go. Wassef replied that the Mamoor did well not to accept the back sheesh of Mahommed Salim's father, for the MouGetish at the palace of Ismail should have heard of it, and there would have been an end to the Mamoor. It was quite a different matter when it was back sheesh for sending Mahommed Salim to the Soudan. With a shameless delight Wassef went to the door of bis own home, and calling to Soada told her that Mahommed Salim was among the conscripts. He also told her that the young man was willing to go, and that the Mamoor would take no back sheesh from his father. He looked to see her burst into tears and wailing, but she only stood and looked at him like one j riL-kfi' !^nd. \\\ J«»ef laughed and turn ed on his heel, and went out; for what should he know of the look in a woman's face— he to whom most women were alike, he who had taken dancing girls with his camels into the desert many a time? What should he know of that love which -springs once in every woman's heart, be she fellah or ^rvaraoh'i! daughter? When he had gone Soada groped her way blindly to the door and out into the roadway. - Her lips moved, but she only said, Mahommed, Mahommed Salim! Her father's words knelled in her ear that her lover was willing to go, and she kept saying brokenly, 'Mahom- med, Mahommed ' Salim!' As the mist left her eyes she saw the con scripts go by, and Mahommed Salim was in the rear rank. He saw her also, out he kept his head turned away, taking a cigarette from young Yusef, the drunken ghafilr, as they passed on. Unlike the manner of her. people* Soadi turned and went back into her, housej am threw herself upon ' the mud floor, and put the folds of her garment in her mouth lest' she should cry out in her agony;..' A , whole day she lay there and did not stir, save to drink from the waterbottle which old Fatima, the maker of mats, had placed by her aide. For Fatima thought of- the far-off time when she loved Hassan, the potter, who. had 'been dragged from his wheel by a Kavass of conscription, and lost among the sands of the Libyan desert; and she read, the girl's story. That evening, as Wassef, the cameldriver, went to the mosque, Fatima cursed him, hpnauKP nnw nil +.1m viMatra laiHrliPf? finr»n»f.ltr at the revenge that Wassef had taken up on the lover of his daughter. A few laughed the harder because they knew Wassef would come to feel it had been better to have chained Mahommed Salim* to a barren fig tree and kept him. there un til he married Soada, then to let him go. He had mischievously sent him into the furnace which eats the fellaheen to the bones that thereafter mark witn white the road of the Red Sea caravans and the track of the Khedive's soldiers *ln the yel low sands. When Fatima cursed Wassef he turned and spat at her; and she went back and sat on the ground beside Soada, and mumbled the Koran above her for comfort. Then she ate greedily the food which Soada should have eaten; snatching scraps of comfort in return for the sympathy she gave. But the long night- went, the next day came, and Soada got up and began to work again. And the months went by. CHAPTER H. One evening, of a day which had been almost too hot for even the clanging seller of liquorice water to go by calling, 'Seebeel Allah Ya'atshan,' and the Mussulman lost Sride in his beard. Wassef, the camel river, sat at the door of a malodorous caf6, listening to a wandering Welee chant ing the Koran. Wassef was in an ill-humor. First, because the day had been so hot; secondly, because he had sold his ten months camel at a price almost within the bounds of honesty; and, thirdly, because a score of railway contractors and subs, were camped outside the town. Also, Soada had scarcely spoken to him for three days past. In spite of all, Soada had been the apple of his eye, although he had sworn again and again that next to a firman of the Sultan, a ten-months' camel was the most beautiful thing on earth. He was in a bit ter humor. This had been an intermittent disease with him almost since the day Mahommed Salim had been swallowed up by the Soudan. For, like her mother be fore her, Soada had no mind to be a mat for his feet. Was it not even said that Soada's mother was descended from an English slave with red hair, who in the terrible disaster at Damietta in 1805 had been carried away into- captivity on the Nile, where he married a fellah woman and died a good Mussulman? Soada's mother had had red-brown hair and not black as becomes a fellah woman: but Wassef was proud of this ancient heri tage of red hair, which belonged to a grand-marshal of Great Britain — so he swore by the beard of the Prophet. That is why he had not beaten Soada these months past when 6he refused to answer him, when with cold stubbornness she gave him his meals when she chose, or not if she chose. He was even a little awed by her silent force of will, and at last he had to ask her humbly for a savory dish which ler mother had taught her to make — a dish he always ate upon the birthday of Maho met Ali, who had done him the honor to flog him with his own kourbash for filch ing the rations of his Arab charger. But this particular night Wassef was bit ter and watched with stolid indifference ;he going down of the sun, the time when he usually said his prayers. He was in so ill a humor that he would willingly have met his old enemy, Yusef, the drunken ghaffir, and settled their long- standing dis pute for ever. But Yusef came not that way. He was lying drunk with hasheesh outside the mosque El Hassan, with a let ter from Mahommed Salim in his green turban— for Yusef had been a pilgrimage to Mecca and might wear the green tur ban. But if Yusef came not by the cafe where Wassef sat glooming, someone else came who quickly roused Wassef from his phlegm. It was Fielding Bey, the young English inspector, who had sat with him many a time at the door of his hut and asked him questions about Dongola and Berber and the Soudanese. And because Tielding spoke Arabic, and was never known to have aught to do with the women of Beni Souef, he had been wel come; none the less because he never frowned when an Arab told a lie. 'Ne'har-ak koom saeed, Mahommed Wassef,' said Fielding; and sat upon a bench and drew a narghileh to him, wiping the ivory mouthpiece with his handker chief. 'Nrfiar-ak koom saeed, Saadat,' answer ed Wassef, and touched his lips, his breast, and his forehead with his hand. Then they shook hands, thumbs up, after the ancient custom. But once more, Was sef touched his breast, his lips, and his forehead. They sat silent too long for Wassef's pleasure, for he took pride in what he was pleased 'to call bis friendship with Field ing Bey, and he could see his neighbors gathering at a little distance and watching them. It did not suit 'his book that they should, not talk. 'May Alla'h take them to His mercy. A regiment was cut to pieces by the Der vishes at Dongola last quarter of tha moon,' he said. 'It was not the regiment of Mahommed Salim,' Fielding answered slowly, with a curious hard note in his voice. 'All blessings do not come at once such is the will of God,' answered Wassef with a sneer. 'You brother of asses,' said Fielding, showing his teeth a little and his eyes flashing. 'You brother of asses of Bag dad!' 'Effendi!' answered Wassef, angry and dumfonnded. 'You had better have gpne yourself, and left Mahommed Salim your camels and your daughter,' continued Fielding, his eyes straight upon Wassef's. 'God knowfryour meaning,' said.- Wassef, in a sudden fright; for Fielding's tongue was straight, as he well- knew. 'They sneer at you behind your back, Mahommed Wassef. No man in the vil age dare tell you, for you have no friends, -ut I tell you, that you may save Soada before it is too late. Mafaommed Salim lives, or lived hist quarter of the moon, so says Yusef, Mhe ghaffir. Sell your ten months' camel, buy the lad out, ami bring him back to Soada.' 'Saadalt!' said Wassef, in a quick fear, and dropped the stem of the narghileb and got to his feet. 'Saadat t' 'Beforer the' Nile falls and yon may plant yonder field with onions,' answered Yielding, jerking his head^toTOjjU'. the flooded valley, 'her time will he Sp!' Wassef's lips were dramLg^lpirelted parchment over his red. gums^.bis~ eyes were like two slits 'of fire- the fingers of Bis right hand fumbled in his robe. 'There's no one-to 'kill— keep still,' said Fielding, ~- ' ?? w'- But Wassef saw. near by the. faces of the villagers and on every: face lie thought he read a smile, \ sneer; though in truth none sneered, for they were afraid of his terrible anger. Mad with fury, he&natohed; the turban jEromTiis head and threw it on the ground. Then suddenly he gave one cry, 'Allahl' a vibrant clack like a pistol shot, for he saw Yusef, the drunken ghaffir, coming down the road. Yusef heard that cry of 'Allah,' and he knew instantly that the hour had come for settling old scores. The hasheesh clouds lifted from his brain and he gripped his neboot of the bard wood of the dom pahn, and with a cry like an animal came on. It would have been well for Wassef, tine camel-driver, if he had not taken the tur ban from his head, for before he could reach Yusef with his dagger, he went down with a skull cracked like the top of an egg under a spoon. CHAPTER HI. Thus it was that Soada was left to fight her battle alone. She did not weep nor wail when Wassef's body was brought home and the moghassil and hanouti came to do their offices. She did not smear her hair with mud, nor was she moved by the wailing of the mourning women nor the chanters of the Koran. She only said to Fatima when all was over, 'It is well; he is gone from my misery to the mercy of God. Praise be to God.' And she held her head high in the village still, though her heart waB in the dust. She would have borne her trouble alone to the end, but that she was bitten on the arm by one., of her father's camels the day they were sold in the market place. Then, helpless and suffering and fevered, she yielded to the thrice-repeated request of Fielding Bey, and was taken to ;he hospital at Assiout, which Fielding had helped to found. But Soada, as her time drew near and the terror of it stirred her heart, cast rest less eyes upon the whitewashed walls and rough floors of the hospital. She longed for the mud hut at Beni Souef, and the smell of the river and the little field of onions she planted every year. Day by day she grew harder of heart against those who held her in the hospital— for to her it was but a prison. She would not look whetf the doctor -came, and she would not answer, but kept her eyes closed; and she did not shrink when they dressed the arm so cruelly wounded by the camel's teeth, but lay 'still and dumb. Now, a strange thing (happened, for her lair, which had been so black, turned brown, and grew browner and browner till it was like the hair of her mother, who, so the Niline folk said, was descended from the English soldier-slave sold into captivity at Beni Souef when the century ?was young. Fielding Bey came to see her in hospital once before he returned to Cairo, and a friend of Fielding's from the contractor's camp came after he had gone. But Soada would not even speak to them, though she smiled when they spoke to her; and no one else ever saw lier srnile in all 'the dark days in that hospital with the red floor and white walls and the lazy watdhman walk ing up and down before the door. She kept litr eyes closed in tlie daytime, but at night they were always open— always. /ictures of all she had lived and seen came back to her -then — pictures of days long before Mahommed Salim came into her life. Mahommed Salim! She never spoke the words now, but whenever eOie thought them her heart shrank in pain. Mahommed Salim had gone like a coward into the de sert, leaving her alone. Her mind dwelt on the little mud hut and the onion field, and she saw down by the foreshore of the river the great khias sas from Assouan and Luxor, with their bent prows hooked in the Nile mud, laden with cotton or dourha or sugar-cane. She saw again the little fires built along tfie shore and atop of the piles of grain round which sat the white, the black, and the yellow-robed riverine folk hi the crimson glare, while from the banks came the cry, Alla-haly, oom alk- haly,' as stalwart young Arabs drew in from the current to he bank some stubborn and overburdened khalisBa. She heard the snarl ofthe camels as they knelt down before her father's hut to rest before the journey into the yellow plains of sand beyond. She saw the seller of sweetmeats go by calling-^-calling. She heard the droning of the children in the village scfltool behind the hut, the dull clatter of Arabic consonants galloping through the Koran. She saw the moon — the full moon — upon the Nile, the wide acreage of silver water before the golden yellowish and yellowish-purple of the Lib yan hills behind. . She saw through 'her tears the sweet mirage of Oiome, and her heart rebelled against the prison wlier° she lay. What should she know of hospitals — she -whose medicaments had been herbs got from the Nile valley and the cool Nile mud. Was it not the will of God if we Jived or the will of God if we. died? Did we not all lie in the great mantje or the mercy of God, ready to be lifted up or to be set down as He chose? They had prisoned her here; there were bars upon the win dows, there were watchmen at the door. At last 6he could bear it no longer; the end of it all came. She stole out over the' bodies of the sleeping watchmen, out in 10 the dusty road under ttie palms, down tn fill* uratprside. to the Nile — tihe Dath which led home. She must go down the Nile, hiding by day, travelling by night — the homing bird with a broken 'wing— back to the hut where she 'had lived so long with Wassef, the camel-driver; back where she could lie in the dusk of her windowless (home, shutting the world out from her solitude. There she could bear the agony of the hour. Drinking the water of the Nile, eating the crumbs of dourha bread she brought from the hospital, getting an onion from a field, dhewing shreds of sugar cane, hiding by day and trudging on by night, hourly growing weaker, she strug gled towards Beni Souef. Fifty— forty— liirty— ten— five miles! On, the last two dayB, her head so hot and her brain burst ing, and a thousand fancies swimming be fore her efes, her heart fluttering, flutter ing— stopping, going , on— stopping, going on. . It was only thi sound of the river— the Nile, Mother of Egypt, crooning to her disordered, spirit, which kept her on her feet.- Five miles, four, miles, three miles, two, and then—she never quite remem bererd how she came to the hut where she was born. Two miles— two hours or incredible agony, now running, now lean ing against a palm tree, now dropping to her knees, now fignting on and on, she came at Mat to the one spot in the world where she could, uie in peace. As she staggered, stumbled through the village, . Yuset the drunken gbaffir, saw ler. He did not dare speak to her, for \- v ? '.- . bad he not killed her fathfiE,, and had hi / not bought himwdF hseo. of. punishment from the Mudir? So he ran to old Fafcims and knocked upon her door, with his ne boot* crying— 'In. tiie: name of Allah, the Compassionate, the Merciful go to the hut ot Waasjef,; the canreL-driver.'p Thus it-was that Soada heard a. voice say out of the: infinite distance of - her agony— 'All praise to Allah, he batk even now the strength of a year-old child.' CHAPTER IV, That night at snnset, as Soada lay upon the sheepskin spread for her, with the child neBtled between her arm and her breast, a figure darkened tne doorway, and old Fatima cried, out — ? 'Mahommed Salim!' With a gasping sound Soada gathered, the child quickly to her breast, and shrank back to the wall. This surely was tha ghost of Mahommed Salim — this gaunt, stooping figure covered with dust. 'Soada, in the name of Allah, the Com.: passionate, the Merciful, Soada, beautiful one.' Mahommed. Salim, once the lithe, tha straight, the sracefuL now bent, awkward. fevered, all the old daring gone from him, stood still in the miauie of the room, hum bled before the motherhood in his sight. 'Brother of jackals,' cried old Fatima, 'what dost thou here before her whom thou forsook? What dost thou here, dog of dogs?' She spat at him. He took no notice. 'Soada,' he said eagerly, prayerfully, and his voice though hoarse was softer than she had ever heard ?? it before. 'Soada, I have come through death to the ? Listen, Soada. At night when sleep was upon the barrack-house, I stole out to come to thee. My heart had been hard. I. had not known how much I loved thee ? ' Soada interrupted him. 'What dosf thou know of love, Mahommed Salim! The blood of the dead cries from the ground.' He came a- step nearer. 'The blood ol Wassef, the camekdriver, is upon my head,'1 he said. 'In the desert there came news of it. In the desert, even while we fought the wild tribes one to ten, a voice- kept crying in my ear, even as tfhou hast cried— 'What didst thou know of love, Maiionuned Sa- ^ lim?' One by one the men of Bena Souef fell round me; one by one they spoke of their village and of their women, and beg ged for a drop of wate', and died. And my heart grew hot within me, and a spirit kept whispering in my ear — 'Mahommed Salim, think of the village thou Jiaat shamed, of Soada thou hast wronged. No drop of water shall cheer thy soul in dy ing.' ' Fatima and Soada listened now with' bated breath, for this was the voice of one who had drunk the vinegar and gall of life. ' When the day was done and sleep waa upon the ?barrack-house my heart waked up and I knew that I loved Soada tts I had never loved her. I ran into the desert and the jackals flew before me, outcasts of the desert, they and I. When I came to the tomb of Amshar the Sheikh, by which; was a w*ll, I found a train of camels. One of these I etole and again I ran into the desert and left the jackals behind. Hour after hour, day and night, I plunged on. But faintness was upon me and dreams came. For though only the sands were before me I seemed to watch the Nile running— run- ning, and t!hou beside it, hastening with it, hastening, 'hastening towards thy home. And Allan put a thorn into my heart, that a sharp pain went through my bodv— and at last I fell.' Soada's eyes were on him now with a strange swimming brilliancy. 'Mahomined, MaJiomined Salim, Allah' touched thine eyes that thou didst eee truly,' ehe said eagerly. 'Speak n6t till I have done,' he an sw-ered. 'When I waked again I was alona in the desert, no food, no water, and tha dead camel beside me. But I had no fear. 'If it be God's will,' said I, 'then shall I come unto Soada. If it be not God's will. bo be it; for are we not on the cushion ol His mercy, to sleep or to wake, toiive or to die?' He paused tottering and presently sank upon the ground, his hands dropped before him, his head bent down. Old Fatima touched him on the shoulder. 'Brother of vultures didst thou go forth; brother of eagles dost thou return,' sho said. 'Eat, drink, in the house of thy child and its mother.' 'Shall the unforgiven eat or drink?' he said, and he rocked his Body to and fro, like one who chants the Koran in a corner of El Azhar, forgetting and forgotten. Soada's eyes were on him now as though' they might never leave him again; and she dragged herself little by little towards him, herself and the child— little by little, until at last she touched his feet, aud the child's face was turned towards him from its mo ther's breast. 'Thou art my love, Mahommed Salim,' she said. He raised his head from his hands, a hunger of desire in his face. 'Thou art my lord,' she added: 'art thou not forgiven? The little one is thine and mine,' she whispered. 'Wilt thou not speak to him?' 'Lest Allah should strike me with blind ness and dry up the juice of my veins, I will not touch thee or the child until all be rigfrted. Food will I not eat nor water drink until thou art mine — by the law of the Prophet, mine!' Laying down the water-jar and the plate of dourha bread, old Fatima gathered her robe about her and cried as she ran from lie house: 'Marriage and fantasia thou shalt have this hour.' The stiffness seemed to pass from her bones as she ran through the village to the house of the Omdah. Her voice, lifting shrilly, Bang 'The song of Haleel,' the song of the newly- married, till it rose even to le call of the Muezzin on the tower of le mosque El Hassan and mingled with. it, dying away over the fields of berseem and the swift-flowing. Nile. That night Mahommed Salim and Soada, the daughter of Wassef, the camel-driver,; Yfftre married, but. the only fantasia, they held was their own low laughter over the child. In the village, however, people werfe ittle moved to smile, for they knew that Marhommed Salim was a deserter from the: army of Ismail at Dongola, and that meant death. But no one told Soada thm, and she did not think; she was content to rest in the fleeting dream, undisturbed. 'Give them. 24 hours,' said ,the black* visaged fat sergeant of cavalry come to as rest Mahommed Salim for desertion. The father of Mahomined Salim again offered the Mamoor a feddan of land if the young man might go free, and to the aer« geant he offered & she-camel and a buffalo.. X 1o no purpose. It - waa Mahommed Salim timsclf who saved his father's goods to dm. He sent this word to the sergeant by Yusef, the drunken ghaffir: 'Give me w another .sunset and sunrise, and what I have is thine: an onion field and three black donkeys of Assiout rented to old Abdullah the saraf.' Because with this offer he should not only have backeheesh, but the man also, the fat sergeant gave him leave. When the time was up and Mahommed Salim drew Soada'B face to his breast he knew that it was the last look and last embrace. -st- -.-' ^' 'I am going back,' he saiaj my^place Ssiempty^atfibngola^^: -'- 'No, no, thou shalt not go£' she cried. 'See how the little one loves thee/' and, sobbing, she held the child up to him. But he spoke softly to her1 and at last she said — ?'Kiss me, Mahommed Salim. Behold now thy discharge shall be bought from the palace of Ismail, the Khedive, and eoon thou wilt return,' she cried. 'If it be the will of Orod,' heanswered; 'but the look of thine eyes I will take **ith me, and 'the face of the child here.' He thrust a finger into the' palm of the child, and the little dark hand closed round it. But when he would have taken it away the jittle-hand still clung, tliougu.ihe eyes .were Bcafce opened upon life. 'See,, Mahommed Salim,' Soada cried, 'he would go with thee.' * ? 'He shall come to me one' day, by the mercy of God,' answered Mahommed fc'alim. Then he went out into the market-place and gave himself up to the fat sergeant. .'As they reached the outskirts of the vil lage a sorry camel came with a sprawling gallop after them, and swaying and roning above it was Yusef, the drunken ghaffir, ibis nebofft of dom wood across -his Liieee. 'What dost thou come for, friend of , the mercy of God?' asked Mahommed Salim. 'To be thy messenger, praise be to God,' answered Yueef, swinging his water bottle clear for a drink. CHAPTER V. In Egypt the longest way round is not -the shortest way home, and that was why Mahommed Salim's court-martial took just three minutes and a half; and the fchnbashi who judged him found even that too long, for he yawned in the deserter's face as he condemned him to death. Mahommed Salim showed no Reeling ;when the sentence was^ pronounced. His face had an apathetic look. ' It seemed as . .if it were -all one to him- But 'when, they *' liad; turned him round to march to the elied.where he' was to be kept, till - -hung like a pig at sunrise,, his eyes glanced round restlessly. Tor-even as his sentence 'had been -pronounced a new idea had come into his head. .Over the heads of the Oippy soldiers, with their pipestem legs, Jiis look flashed eagerly, then a little pain iully, then suddenly, stayed, for it rested on the green' turban of Yusef, the drunken ehafiir. Yusef 6 eyes ' were' almost shut; iTiis face had the grey look of fresh-killed veal, for he had come from an awful de bauch of hasheesh/ 'Allah! 'Allah!'* cried- Mahonimed Sa 3iin, for that was the sound which always waked the torpid brain of- Yusef, since iWaesef, the camel-driver's skull, had crack Jed under his neboot.* Yusef's wide shoulders straightened back, his tongue licked his lips, his eyes stared before him, his 'throat tyas dry. He licked his lips again. 'Allah!' he cried, and ran forward. The soldiers thrust Yussef back. Ma'bom roed Salim turned and whispered to the sergeant. . ? , 'Backsheesh,' he said; 'my grey Arab for a word with Yusef, the ghaffir.' 'Malesh,' said the sergeant, .and the sol diers cleared a. way for Yusef. The palms of the men from Beni Souef inet once, twice, thrice; they touched their lips, their breasts, their foreheads with their hands ?three times. Then Mahom med Salim fell upon the breast of Yusef Bnd embraced him. Doing so he whisper ed in his ear — - . 'In the name of Allah, the Compassion nte, the Merciful, tell Soada.l died fighting the DcrviedieK.' .. ? . - ' 'So be it, in God's -name,' said Yusef. 'A safe journey' 'to you, toother of giants.' -. ? .-?..- Xext morning ?at sunrise, jbe'tween two 'dompalms, stood Mahommed Salim, but not more than a little' handful of the sol diers sent to see him die laughed when the 3-ope was thrown over his head. For his ptory 'had gone abroad, and it was said that no was mad— none trat a madman would throw away his life for a fellah woman. And was it 'not written that a iimdman was one' beloved, of Allah, who jiad taken his spirit up into heaven, leav ing only the disordered Jbody behind. If at the lust moment, Mahommed Salim had but cried out, 'I am mad; with ray eyes I have seen God!' no man would have touched fhe rope that hung him up that day. But, according to the' sacred custom, Makonuned Salim onlv asked for a bowl of water, drnnk it, said ''Allah!' and bow ed his head three 'times 'towards Mecca — *nd bowed his head no more. . Before another quarter was added to the moon Yusef, the drunken ghaffir, at the door of Soada's hut in Beni . Souef, told old Fatima the most wonderful tale of how ?Mahommed Salim had died on his sheep skin,, having killed ten Dervishes with his town liand; and that a whole regiment had attended his funeral. This 6s t» the credit of Yusef's account, ?that the last half of 'his statement was no lie. 