UNG0N8IDERED TRIFLES. By ' Auiolyods.' 'TriSes !ij!it aa «ir.'— OTHELLO. The Women's Christian Temperance Union has recently decided that the dancing saloons — commonly known aa ' Gd. moll hop3'—do quite as much harm aa the pubs. They sh'juul call on Bro.'s Joe Cook and Fegan to introduce) a Local 'Op-shun Bill. Bro. Jesicp has moved in the matter. It is said that Holy Cook would nevor have got, into Parliament only for a gojil nutured Lithgow publican, who planked down the £40 deposit required in those duvs. Yet Joe has since done his level best to ruin that nimliu-ui and uXi his hrcUircu. Of such is political gratitude. The Australian republic is evidently coming' when tho 'S.M. Herald' alludes to Mr. Henry Lucy's letter on 'Life in London and Thereabout' as ' foreign corres pondence.' Abdul Wade thus gives his opinion on the camel problem: — 'The white man has an objection to the camel that you can't knock out of him. At loast, I've offered whito man after whito man a job, and he won't tako it. The only whito men who would do tho work are not to be trusted like these, especially near a pub. What a beautiful arrangement, ! The water is stored in tho camel's stomach, and tue whisky in the white man's. With Knapp hiirs dc combat, and Boyee at the other end of the world, and Bevill no longer playing ' chaynies ' with Bung, readers of tho Sydney daily papers are not bored by long screeds on tho liquor con troversy, for which let us all be thankful!. When ho was first leaving for Australia Sir Charles Gavan Duffy compared Ireland to a corpse on the dissecting table, so hope less was her condition. Now that she is at tho mercy of hor neighbors, many shrewd people think that New South Wnles is in much the same position. On the musical programme of a Sydney theatre is the item 'The Faithful Ghost.' Let us hope the ghost faithfully walks. There is one hopeful feature about the Akmeda gold robbery. Nobody has got a 'clue.' When they aro completely non plussed tho police always annouuuo that they have got a 'clue.' That it is impossible to make people either sober or virtuous by aets of Parliament, the I New Zealand Commissioner of Police now I tacitly admits. Ho slates that the criminal statistics for the past year aro not satis factory. Despite prohibition, drunkenness has increased. The recent increase of drunkenness in New Zealand is officially attributed to .in creased property. In 18S3, tho Chancellor of tho Exchequer (Childers) attributed his poor budget to temperance influence. But when trade got good, the revenue jumped up again. Most people can keep sober when they have no money. Shade of Thackeray ! Mrs. Grundy has become licensee of Tho Star Hotel, George street, Redfern. Mrs. Grundy in a pub ! When the Sydney idols, Gregory and Noble, went out for a pair of spectacles each, did they see double. It looks as if they did, Australians may swear at the beastly English climate as much as tiiey like, but it saved our boys from cert&h; 'defeat in the Uiird test match. Another 'draw and they cannot possibly loso. In his essay on Byron, Macaulay says that the British public, once in everv generation, takes a spasmodic fit of virtue. The Sydney police, once in every two years, take a virtuous fit against the betting shops. But it doesu't last long. ? * * Is it more than a coincidence that the police authorities and the A.J.C. simul taneously inovo on against the betting shops! It is notorious that tho A.J.C. people have much of that club influence so effective iu moving all Government departments. The Solid Labor Party appear to be in a state of fusi:n-M3oufusion. ? ? ? In ancient Rome all games of chance were forbidden bylaw, except * 'on Saturaalibus ' (during the month of December). The Aediles were charged with enforcing the law, which, like all laws against gaming, in all tiroes, was ineffectual, says Lord Lytton. What do Fosberry and his 'galoots' say to that? The Consecrated Press says that there aro no gentlemen ia Sydney outside tho r&nks; of the clergy. Tbo flunkey is naturally afraid to decry his bosses. As regards self-government, tho smallest English hamlet is one hundred years ahead of the great city of Sydney. The reason is that iu England the householder pays the taxes and naturally likes to know bow they are spent. Every householder is a reformer. If tho property owner paid tbe rates and passed the impost on to the tenant, there would be apathy. Dan O'Connor has recently boon lotting himself out on the divine subject of music. Dan was once asked why he could not de liver great ' speeches ' when he was ele vated to the Upper House. He modestly replied, 'Shure, as was said of another great Irish orator, an oak of the forest can't be transplanted at fifty.' This was what Grattan said on learning of his rival, Flood's failure in tho House of Commons. « ? * On her return from Australia, la bolle Sarah Bernhardt was exhibiting some Austra lian pets when someone asked whether she had seen the paddymelpn and the tarantula. The divine one answered 'Paddy Melon' am mii, a white haired Irish geutclhonurie — but they call him Dan. Tarantula, yais that is the bald, bandy-legged oreature who kuelt, . kissed my hand ana called me Queen of za stage.' She was mash interested when the paddyaielon and the tarantula contested Gipps Division. With her footballers getting beaten at one end of the world and her cricketers at the other, poor old England looks as if she were going the way of other great nations. If as Wellington is said to have said, Waterloo and other English battles were won on oriokot and play- fields, Australia should yet be a great fighting nation. So far we have not got beyond Jawbone Ncild and Kernel Lasseter. The quaint Easter custom of presenting free rolls stamped with a representation of the two Biddenden Maids to strangers took plaoe.at Biddenden for the 764th time. According to Messrs Cow, Wilson and ' Stanton's report, the position of the tea trade' in England seems fairly satisfactory.* During Febuary, the receipts of Indian tea hi London were practically the same as for the same month last year, but the demand appears to have increased, as nearly one mil lion pounds more were delivered. The im ports of Ceylon tta during the mouth were about three- quarters of a million pound less, j while deliveries were about the same ; but this considerable decrease is more than, made up by the consignments which left ] Colombo during February. 