FROM OUR EXCHANGES . At the Singleton sports meeting, I on" Thursday of last week, the Obm , mittee refused to allow a female,1 who wanted to do eo, to compete in the wood-chopping contest. She was all ready on the ground, axe in hand, to commence operations. In tho Assembly, on Tuesday of last week, on the motion of Mr. J. C. h. Fitzpatrick, leave was given to introduce a bill to enable muni- cipalities to levy rates and raise revenue either on the improved value or capital value of properties therein. At tho Chamber of Manufactures Conference on the Federal tariff, in Melbourne, on Monday, a request that the Federal Government should set aside ยฃ50,000 per annum for 8 or 10 years, to be used for bonuses for iron or steel articles locally made from local ore, was cordially en- dorsed by the delegates. During a thunderstorm, it is pointed out, the inhabitants of houses should not remain in the kitchen or other room where a fire is burning in the grate, as the heated gases from the chimney-top provide a line of least resistance ; and this is so whether the house be provided with lightning conductors or not. A party of Ilfracombe visitors who were sailing in a pleasure yacht off Lee recently met with an extra. ยก ordinary adventure. Suddenly a large fished jumped on board, and with its tail smashed some of the I vessel's gear, and broke the main boom. One gentleman received a blow in the face which blackened his eye The fish then thrust its nose into the cabin and remained ' quiet, and the party made for the shore with all speed. The unwel- come intruder proved to be a thrasher shark, 15ft long and weighing half a ton. It is now being exhibited in Ilfracombe. Influenza has been very bad at the Parramatta and Newington Asylums. On Tuesday night of last week, at George-street Asylum, five of the inmates died. This is about a record. Amongst the number was Darcy Read, who for many years was connected with the stage in these colonies. The wonderful illusion, "Darcy Bead's Ghost," ran with considerable success in the colonies some 20 years ago. The funeral, which took place on Wed- nesday, was arranged for by Mr Brough, the well-known actor manager, on behalf of the profes- sion to which Mr. Darcy Bead had belonged.-Cumberland Argue. Here are some orders recently re ceived by a druggist in the city. ''This child is my little girl. I send you five cents to buy two sit less powders for a groan up adult who is sike." " Dear Dochter, pies gif bearer five sense worse of Auntie Toxyn for to gargle baby's throat and obleage." "You will pleas give the lettie boi five cents worth of epecac for to throw up in a five months 'old babe. N.B.-The babe has a sore atum mick." " I have a cute pain in my child's diagram. Please give my son some- thing to release it." "My little batey bas eaf. up its father's parish pJasther? Send an antedote quick as possible by the enclosed girl." " I haf a hot time in my insides and wich I wood like it to be ex- tinguished. What is good for to extinguish it. The enclosed money is for the price of the extinguisher. Hurry ^pleas." 