THE STRIKE OF TILLIE [SLATER.? Tillie Slater often salo she was work ing her fingers to the bone, but nobody seemed to care. Tillie's sister Alice was the "fashion able" dressmaker in Roseberry Row, and Tillie was her assistant. - She cut button holes, sewed straight seams on the ma chine. pulled out basting threads, helped to cook the meals, washed dishes, swept floors and read the news to her brother Geoffrey. There had been a time when the Slater girls had looked upon Geoff rey as a helper and a protector in .the struggle with poverty,which was the only legacy their parents had left them. But tlhat was before the accident on the new school house, where he was working. After that his arms were limp and life less, his back was bent, and his eyes were bad, and the poor boy, with the hope and strength of his seventeen years all bligh ted. because nothing but a burden to his faithful sisters. There were a good many times when Tillie worked herself into the belief that soie was a martyr. Then she secretly re belled against the hardness of her lot; but, with the exception of commenting on the condition of her finger tips. she con siderately refrained from complaining in Alice's presence. But when they took the baby to raise she felt that she was justi fled in open rebellion. "It's a downright shame." she cried out. bitterly, when Alice brought the little fel low home with her from the funeral and announced her intention of keeping him. "I declare, I won't put up with it. Just as if we haven't had a hard enough time already without this happening. It's been nothing but work. n~rk, all my life. I've never had time nor the money to go to places, and do things like other girls. I've never said anything about how I felt. for I supposed you and Geoffrey were suffer lig just as much as I did. But when it comes to saddling ourselves with other people's children. I won't stand it." "But he's our own nephew," persisted Alice. gently. "Our own sister's child. Just before Clara went she call'ed me in and asked me to take him and bring him up. and I'ye got to do it. Remember. he is an orphan as well as ourselves. Tillie. If we don't care for him. who will?'" "I don't know." said Tillie. stiffly. "I suppose you can put him in an asylum or an institution. That is where other babies go when their fathers and mothers die, and he's no better than the rest of them. There's one thing surewe can't have him. One more mouth to feed and oile more body to clothe means a good deal to poor folks like is. And we need so many things now. too. Besides. who's going to take care of him? A two-year-old baby can't very well shift for himself." ,"Yes. I know." returned Alice. "I thought you could take him out for an airing sometimes and look after him a lit tle nights and mornings. Geoffrey and I can manage to get along some way during the day. Then vacation will soon be here and you will have lots of time to give him." "Take care of him nights and mornings and haul him around during vacation! Yes. indeed. I see myself doing it. I'll strike, that's what I'll do. Alice Slater. I won't turn my hand over to help about one solitary thing. If you're going to burden yourself with troublesome babies, you'll have to get along the best way you can. I shan't hell,." Alice sighed and commenced to pare the potatoes for supper. Tillie took up her Latin reader and tried to study. but somehow she could not concentrate her thoughts on the lesson. Through the open door she could see the baby sitting by the sewing room window in the midst of some flowering plants that Tillie had carefully nursed throughout the winter. He was a bonnie child, and he looked so sweet and pretty in iis pink dress and white ruffled apron that even Tillie's hardened heart was touched, and the thought was borne in on her mind as she watched him that of all the flowers blooming there the daintiest and fairest was her little nephew. ".Why don't you kiss the baby. dear." said Alice. as she began to set the table. "Don t act that way. Poor little thing, he has been so lonesome yesterday and to-day without his mother. Clara al ways spoiled him. I guess. He'll get over it soon, but it's pitiful now to see how his heart is grieved for her." Alice lifted a corner of her apron to her eyes. but Tillie turned her attention to the Latin reader once more and refused to welcome the addition to their family. She did not refer to the subject again, but her actions gave positive proof that the strike was on. "Tillie's still salking," Alice said to Geoffrey one morning. after her sister had gone to school without heeding the boy, who had held out his chubby hands, and asked, in his baby vway, to be taken. too. "There's been an awful change in hier. She never does anything unless I ask her to. and she seems to hate little Hiram. I'm sure I don't know what I'm going to do about it." and the nineteen year-old breadwinmer sighed. "Don't wo-ry, Alice," said patient Geof frey. "Don't pay any attention to her awhile. Anybody'd have to love this child. It's contrary to human nature to hold unkind feelings toward him." But Tillie's bad linor did not wear off. The strike was continued throughout April and May, and when vacation began her dislike for the little boy who had, by common consent, been consigned to her care. was at fever heat. Tillie herself. often wondered hov she could treat him so badly. "Hiram Stewn-art. Hiram Stewart I hate you." she said one day in a low, reuse voice that fairly frightened her when she realised whata terrible state of mind scchl a tone must express. She had taken him out to the park that afternoon for an airing in compliance with Alice's request. She placed hit in one corner of a wooden bench and knelt before him that she might look him squarely in the face when telling him what she thoughlt of him. Even inii the midst of her anger Tillie invotlunt:irily pronounced himil thle I.rttiest baiby in the whole world. with his soft brown hair. long dark lashes and beautifully moulded face. but the thoughtr did not cause her to relent. "'Do you know what you have done to me. Hiram Stlewalart'' she went on. "'ou've made mne work my fingers to tile bone." Tillie could not forbear usine he11 ifavorite expiresiston. in spite of the fact that she had been doing comparatively little since his cominug. "Yon keep ile from hauving any fin. I can't go visiting with the girls. blut have to lug you around every bright day inlstead." Great tears were counsing down the baby's cheeks and his breast heaved with the storm of sobs tlhat was about to break. T'illie saw his grief, but she went on nmercilessly. "'I had completed plat:s for having a lit tie pleasure this smttnu r for the first tiume in my life, and you had to come in and knock tihem all in the head. Hiram Stewart. yonu'r te i pest of my existenc. I'li not going to put up with you any longer. I' iu-goinag-to-lose-y-ou." It seems as though thile child nnderstocd thile import of the words, for he set up a cry that echoed thlroughl that part of the park and attracted the attention of every body who chanced to ibe lounging there. "Oh, dear! Oh, dear!" lamented Tiulie. "i've done it noy. i ought to have knoawff better than to get him e?~ed. I tusat try to quiet him somehow, There, there, baby," and she assumed a coaxing tone, "don't cry. Tillie didn't means it.. Come on. darling, and go to sleep. T'illie'll sing for you." She took him in her arms and sat down in his corner of the bench. Thea, sway ing herself gently backwaid and fc'rward, she murmured a lullaby with which her own heart had often been soothed -when heavy with infanitile woes. The ntter noon sun was sinking low, and its last rays fell athwart the fair face nestled against her shoulder, when Tillie ceased singing and assured herself that the baby was sound asleep. One little hand was closed over the end of the lace scarf at her throat, but she deftly loosed his grasp. and with a dexterity born of a settled determina tion she sliplied him from her arm to the bench. Then she stood up and looked around. That corner of the park was momentari ly deserted. The only persons in sight were three boys in a boat, quite a dis tance out on the lake, and a fisherman, who was just returning from the end of the pier. She watched the fisherman until he struck into a pathway leading south.then -turned to the baby once more. One tiny haind was doubled up tinder his head and the other nestled beneath his chin. There were tear stains on his cheeks, and even in his sleep his breath Ing was convulsed now- and then, as though dreaming of the sorrow he had just borne. Tillie gave one more quick. frightened glance at the child on the bench, then. turned and ran. with the swiftness of a young gazelle, through a deeply shaded path that branched off from the wide car riage way. Twilight had already settled down In the tree- lined walk, and there was no one to watch her flight. She hand almost reached the street. where the cable cars were running to and fro, be fore anyone crossed her path. Then she slackened her speed and' walked into the wide drive with apparent unconcern. The clock in the tower of the railroad depot at the head of Roseberty row was striking seven when Tillie walked into the kitchen- alone. Supper had been standing for half an hour, and Alice al ready h:id grown nervous and anxious. "Where's Hlram'?" she asked. when she perceived that Tillie did not have the baby. "O-o-o-h," moaned Tillie over and over again. Her grief was not feigned, for her alarm had by that time become genuine in realisation of her offence. "What's the matter?" repeated Alice. "Where's Hiram?' "He's lost. or stolen or something," said Tillie. "I had him on a bench close to the lake, and I just went down to the edge of the water for a few minutes, and when I went back lie was gone. O-o-o-h:" " Somebody's stolen him," said Geoffery. Alice was weeping piteously. "Did you spealk to a policeman, Tillie?" site asked. "N-n-o," faltered Tillie. "I didn't think about it." Within an hour's time a description of the lost child had been sent to every piolice station in town. That was a pro ceeding Tillie had not counted on, and she wondered wIhat the outcome would be. It practically resulted in nothing, for in spite of the assurances of the offi cer who patroled RIoseberry row that Hiram would be restored by morning, the next day dawned without bringing any news of the pretty boy. Tillie passed a miserable night. She begged to be al lowed to sit up with Alice and the neigh bors who had come in, but they bade her go to bed. "It isn't your fault. child," they said. kindly. "Nobody blames you. You look like you'd been sick for a week. Go to bed and try to rest a little." Their tender solicitude increased her feeling of guilt. Along toward morning she fell asleep. but she was tormented by such awful dreams that she was glad when tucy told her it was time to get up. A week passed, and in spite of the ef forts of the police the Slater baby was still missing. Tillie had rid herself of her troublesome little relative, but somehow his absence did not bring the sense of freedom she had expected. The strike had been called off, and she again helped Alice of her own accord.But there wasn't touch to be done. Sewing was slack just then, and all the duties pertaining to the baby were no longer needed. She had plenty of time to go visiting with the girls, but she had no inclination to im prove her opportunity, and every day she looked longingly at the high-chair which stood empty among the roses and gerani ulms and carnations, and wondered what had become of him. Of afternoons she went to the park and sat on the bench where she had left him in the chill of the coming night. The picture of the baby as he lay there was constantly beforeher. and she cried out that her heart was breaking. It was her first great sin, and the punishment was terrible. On the eighth day after "losing" the baby Tillie walked dejectedly through the park toward the fateful spot. Her head was.bent, and site did not raise her eyes from the ground till near the fami liar bench. Then she stopped short with a cry of alarm and rubbed her eyes to make sure shie was awake. Yes, she was right: she had lost her mind indeed, for there on that self-same bench, dressed in the same-pink frock, and lying iu the same attitude. in the same corner, was the despised baby. Her heart gave a mighty bound as though it would jump clear out of her mouth. "He's dead. and that's his ghost," she cried. faiintly; "but I'm going to look at his pretty ftice once moire, anyway." A moment lItter shte stood beside him, and in another itistant Hiram Stewart, in tlesh and blood, not in spirit, was clasped in lher strong young arms. "My darling, darling baby." she sob bei~ 1 love you; indeeld I do." There was a note pinned to his dress. It was addressed to her. She opened it and read as follows: "On the afternoon of 25th June an old man who was resting in tile shadow of a clump of bushes in Lincoln Park heard a little girl saying some very cruel things to a baby. Among other things she threatened to 'lose' himn. The old man was sorely grieved at that, and after tile little girl thad run away he went over and sat on the bench beside the sleeping boy. It was dark when the baby awoke and sat up and looked around him. lie was chilled and hungry, and frightened at til lonesome stillness, and if tle little girl could have heard his pitiful crying shte would have vowed never to 'lose' him again, but to love him dearly. "The old man took him home. iHe soon learned, through tle newspalpers. to whomi the child belonged. He tmade a tripll to Roseberry row and told the little girl's Irothier and sister a few things. and theyv decided it wohll be as u-ell to b:-ingr the little girl to liher senses. The old man has given tile child tile best of care. IHe would like to keep him alv-lys, but there are otlhers who have a better cl:tint. He is youlrs lhenceforward." There was to I1'ItLie sigo.on to e let ter. Tillie looked all around fo" tte od man. vwho. sie thought, mu'-'. ?net but he bid dil'ppeared a mnsteriou"h: as he had come the 'u Shet'lost"'the baby.' -* she "lost" -?te Tillie caspeed -wr' l;,i. a.rms h eu i'id presed hitm cl:ose to .ls?' - . went stniight to Roac .t , ?I've founrs iii, AIite; she said, sim I ly. "You linku all about it. I'm sorry. ITe strike is over,.Alice, alrd if you don't let sue work Iny kigers to the bolne low, I'll never forgive you'"-"Chicago Re. cord' _ 