THE ETIOLOGY OF MALARIA. This is the season when the festive mosquito rightly sings his evening song and provokes his victim into say-<*> ing unhallowed prayers. To most people the pertinacious iirao insect is niainly noteworthy because of a capa city for Jnflietiug • annorauce alto gether disproportionate to liis size. The j apparatus with which lie does bis work has been exauiiuea under the microscope and pronounced a. marvel of adaptiveness for its special purpose, as exquisite in its delicacy as a sur- j geon's case of instruments. Admira- j tion, howevei-, is not the dominant sen- j tinient when the puncture is felt and the place begins to swell. Irritation of a specially aggravated character is tlie more common experience, aud to tliis must now' be added - a feeling- -of Alarm, pincc it has been found that mosqui toes arc allied witb malaria, aud that there is liable to lie the germ of fever in their bite. The agency of insects in the transference of organisms is a wcll-kuown fact iv natural nistory. The processes of nature arc dependent on links between the animal and vege table kingdoms, and some of the most interesting features of botanical science are closely connee.cutnereu-itu. The fertilisation of flowers only takes place \n some cases through the visits i of the bees by which the pollen is | conveyed, and as a case in .point tuo j Ligurian bee was imported some years ago in order to acclimatise red clover here; - Diseases are also trans- j initted iv The *?anie way. Ophthalmia runs riot in fly-time from this <-ause, and a fly has been known to carry the j poison from an anturaeoid sheep to a human body with fatal results. Such being the case, there is the lefts diffi culty in believing all that is said as to j the harmfulncss aud possible deadli nes of the übiquitous mosquito. We j do uot need a man of science to tell us that the object of its quest is j neither moisture nor flesh, but the blood itself. Watch a healthy speci men settle down to work, patiently j wait while he Is "wisibly swellin'," to use the words of Mr. WVsller, sen., and then when you squelch his belated car case with a slap, there is a splash of blood that disgusts as well assurprises. The blood- drinker is proved by patient watching and intelligent observation to be a blood-poisoner as well. Several investigators have been, in dependently engaged in the examiua tion of this speciality who have availed themselves of each other's labors and concurred in their conclusions. To Surgeon-Major Ross, of the ludiau Medical Service, may be ascribed thd honor of having practically established the theory of the diffusion of malaria, by mosquitoes as the resiat of actual experiment, and it is now being per ceived that his discovery may have im mense ulterior consequences. The ex ploitation of tropical countries by Europeans has hitherto been restricted by the dangers to health and life from the prevalence of certain forms of disease. Neither the enervation pro duced by excessive solar heat nor the .discomforts of an unaccustomed cli mate have proved so deterrent as the inevitable attacks of malaria, dysen tory. and some other forms of disease. Until recently the presence of malaria in certain regions lias been accepted as a permanent local condition, iudige nous like the vegetation, and as un controllable as. the rainfall. Against iff< attacks it -pas ]>ossible to fortify tfee system somewhat by adhering to snuitary aud hygienic rules, aud when tliey arrived they were vo be fought with quinine and other remedies, but prevention was not supposed to be iwssible. Every book of African travel tells the same tale of struggling with fever, and along every explorer*. : path there are white men's graves that lmr«- been filled by -.his disease. The value «?f the discoveries made by Major IJoss and oilier enquirers may prove iuesliuiahla'. for to ascertain the oxa<:l causes of tropicsil disease is an. immensely imiiortaut step towards ef fectually coping wiih it and even tually sctinpin? it oin. That this is noi an impossible dream is clearly shown by The history of medical science. The ]ieriod is no! yet re tuitte wheu Europe was periodically .subject to the ravaccs of th« ??:sm and smallpox was an ever-present ter ror, and the vii-tory that has been won over these s.-ourpes suggests, if it docs not prove.'juat similar triumphs may be gained elsewhere. Certain parts of Italy are known to be highly malarious, and in them Pro fessors Bignaini aud tjrassi have beea conducting experiments with interest ing results, on fhe connection between malaria aud the local distribution of mosquitoes anil allied insects. The three forms of mnlaria known as teriian, iju.-irlan. auu ma lignant. ar«> i raced to para sitic orgauisuis ol different spe cies. Professor Orassi believes that among the varieties of insects he has examiued there are three that have a dire«rt connection with the propagation of disease. Major Boss, ju tlie most conclusive way, sheeted home to the mosquito the charge of being iho ageut by which the parasite is con veyed from an unhealthy to a healthy subject. He procured a number of sparrows, the oloocl of which wsjs proved by the miseroscope to be in fected by the specific organisms he had recognised. Mosquitoes that had fed U|)ou them were kept for live or six days until there was time for the organisms to develop. They were then let loose on sparrows, the blood of which had been tested au<l found pure, aud a further test proved that ilic or ganisms had been received by the sparrows from the mosquitoes, and were present iv their blood. The life history of the blood-worm not only re veals the work of microscopical science iv the preservation of health by detection of the onuses of disease, but also the. part played by the insect, that not merely murders sleep, but mur ders human beings as well. There may be prescut iv the lymphatic ves sel - of a man's body a hairlike worm three inches long. With the fecunditj of low-type organisms it produces minute active parasites iv any number, which infest the blood-vesseis at night and the luugs by day. The nocturnal marauder iuseiis its proboscis into a vein nud sucks up one or more of riie.se parasites with the olood. The orgaussiu develops iv the l>ody of the mosquito, increases in size, and ac quires digestive functions. When, the mosquito having laid its eggs dies and j falls into the water the parasite es capes, perhaps to Ik> swallowed by the next man who conies to the tauk j or pool to drink, :>nd iv his ltody to do its deadly work. This is one way in | which the "ghost that bites,'' as Phil Uobiusou calls it, prepares the parasite for active operations, 4iml there may be others. Texas fever iv rattle is caused by ti<*?. which introduce, a microscopic organism iutQ 1 the blood with their bite, aud mosquitoes are cre dited with operating in a similar jnan ner. Special arrangements are being i made for the study of tropical diseases ] and tropical medicines at the Seamen's Hospital. Greenwich. The conquest of malaria will add immensely to the facility of administration and the de velopment of trade iv regions where imminent danger now awaits the j white man. In this campaign the j benefits to be secured are more itupor-1 tant than the laurels to be won, and what has been achieved affords good promise of ultimate success. ! 