PHANTOM SOUNDS. WHAT has happened to the writer, in the course of much and varied inquiry into the vagaries of sound, to be brought into con- tact with many of those whose call- ing has rendered them accurate and attentive obser- vers of acoustical phenomena, and from many sources facts and experiences have been gathered possessed of very general interest Coast- guardsmen employed on dangerous coasts, and lighthouse-keepers whose duties are those of night-watchmen, have shown that much of the service demanded of them lies in ob- serving sounds that are doubtful in origin, or hard to interpret. Moreover, it has been made manifest that the close attention re- quired in cases where sounds are vague or in- distinct often renders the watchman's task peculiarly difficult and trying. A sense of responsibility may make tie listener over- anxious, or the mind may be bewildered in darkness or fog, while the ear, like the eye, becoming quickly overstrained, may readily imagine what in actual fact has no existence. Unquestionably a large proportion of so-call- ed phantom sounds which are enlarged upon by ''psychical" inquirers, and which are as- sumed to be supranormal, are to be account- ed for in this way. With these, however, the present paper has no concern. Its aim is to throw some sidelight on a class of pheno- mena admittedly perplexing, arid seldom without importance. We are all familiar with the fact that an indistinct sound may be in- tensely puzzling if its cause is unknown. If ill-defined and intermittent, it is always ex- ceedingly hard to locate, and in consequence it is this class of sound which not unfrequen- tly has proved seriously disconcerting, even when common sense will not entertain the pos- sibility of a supernatural cause. A friend, whose practical life of many years' soldiering has rendered him proof against any kind of mere delusion, recently asked me to investigate a strange wail or la- ment which was often heard at night in his park, and which had completely mystified all who frequented or worked in the grounds. The quest as a troublesome one; but eventually led to the discovery of a large bough which was broken, half off high up in an oak, and which, lying hard against a lower bough, gra- ted with a reed-like sound when stirred by a sufficiently powerful gust of wind. This was a typical case of an indistinct noise claiming undue attention because unintelli- gible; but even a perfectly common sound, as, for instance, the natural and familiar cry of some creature, uttered under peculiar cir- cumstances, may become exceedingly hard to interpret, and harder still to trace. Among the grassy sandhills that abound near Sand- wich, a coastguardsman on night duty heard a plaintive cry as of an infant calling feebly. Walking to the spot whence the sound seem- ed to proceed, he found his ears had been de- ceived, and the cry came now from else where. Then elsewhere he walked; but again and again the sound deceived him, now louder, now fainter, and constantly assailing him from a fresh quarter, and, when at length he traced it down, he found a lamb bleating behind a rock. In, days before school boards, when in remote country places tales of ghosts were much in vogue, it would very commonly be found that an accredited phantom was in the first instance due to the hearing rather than the seeing. Given some strange sound in semi-darkness, an. appropriate apparition would readily be conjured up. In this way, a belated trav- eller crossing an open common, or a sheep herd on the downs would, by reason of the very sense of loneliness, need but the hoot of an owl, or the cry of a hedgehog, to people the night with unearthly beings. Thus, then, the investigation of many phantom sounds becomes, to a large extent, a mere physiologi- cal inquiry, and it is with no surprise that we find even the highly educated confessing to unconquerable feelings of uneasiness for which the sense of hearing is wholly respon- sible. One of our most intrepid and en- thusiastic balloonists, Mr. Monck-Mason, de- scribes in eloquent terms how to him the most impressive of all sounds, and one attended with sensations actually awful, was that oc- casioned by the snapping of the valve of the balloon after some discharge of gas in the upper regions. Its sudden sharpness in the dead silence aloft, the unexpected direction from which it proceeds, its connection with the fate of the aeronaut himself, joined to the drum-like reverberation that follows within the tense silk, always produced an effect upon his mind akin, to the terror of the ghost-seer. Away in the mountain wilds of the Desert of Sinai there are sounds to be heard as of a bell tolling deep down within the heart of the mountain, and the story runs that in the by- gone days a monastery stood on the moun- tain top till, troublous times arising, the monks sought sanctuary in hidden recesses within the mountain, whence the sound of their bell calling to prayer may yet be heard. It would almost seem as though the spirit world of yore chose a bell as its favorite in- strument long years before modern spirits in- troduced the debasing tambourine; and no farther than the banks of the Roderbach the deep tones of an aerial bell have been heard and traced, as it was supposed, to currents of air struggling through a pass. So, again, according to Cornish tradition, fathoms deep below the cliffs near Black Pit lie a peal of bells destined by the Lord of Boscastle for the church of Forrabury. They were being conveyed on board a vessel commanded by a skipper who, with lack of piety, trusted only to his skill, and so — the moral aimed at in the story seems here a little vague — as a pun- ishment the ship was lost with all its freight, and the bells are left, so it is said, to toll out for evermore their solemn tale from the bot- tom of the sea. And with unim- portant variations the like story ap- pears elsewhere ? When we consider that the chief characteristics of air— the vehicle of sound — are its constant agitation and extreme mobility, we must be prepared to find that our ears are liable to many and various surprises. The clang of metal, the chance human voice, the weird cry of some bird of night, will sometimes travel by ways not to be conceived or traced, and when the fact is duly recognised, the wonder respecting them will pass away. — "English Mechanic." 