[?] :'i .7 -si. | lick of the Woods. X. : i: ? ' ' ' ' - ' ij,: CHAPTER XIX. :'r' \ * $ - ' Indeed, a proof of the extreme folly ; of such a course on the : part of the ! Indiana was soon showh when the ; } Regulators, fighting their way onwardH I f: as if wholly regardless of the superior \- 1 .numbers of the foe, had advanced so 1 I nigh the latter as to command' (which ! ; from occupying the highest ground, \- «r»Mn ViiiH-ftw c- V\1 A-f a r1n\ fli n kirlmfY places of some of their opponents. Three young warriors, yielding to their fury, ashamed' perhaps of being thus bearded by a weaker foe, or inflamed with tho hope of securing a scalp of one young Kentuckian who had crept dangerously nigh, suddenly sprung from -their lairs; and guided. by the smoke of the rifle which he had just discharged,' rushed towards the spot, yelling /.with- vindictive' exultation. Thatr wwa t.l-in fir.of. p.nmV»n.f.n.nf.n 'R.nln.nrl . , -''J .. w.w ? ? — ? . ? ? — -i n had yet seen actually engaged in the i:; ( conflict ; and he noted their appear I ' . ance and act of daring with a sinking I I heart, as the prelude to a charge from ti the whole body of Indians from upon '^i . the devoted Kentuckians. But scarce i; ? were their brown bodies seen to rise i. ; ?, from the grass, before three rifles were. 4 1 ' j fired frojn as many points on the hill ?i ? j side, following each other in such rapid tyj ; succession that the ear could scarce i 'J distinguish the different explosions, i each of them telling with fatal effect i . upon the rash warriors, two of whom I fell dead 9n the spot, while the third ']! ! and foremost, uttering a faint whoop ,j'P 'of defiance and making an effort to A i throw the hatchet he held in his hand, ; ' ! ' suddenly staggered andfellin like man 1 i ? ner to thie earth, i'; ' Loud and bold was the shout of the 1f,j, ' Kentuckians at' this happy stroke of ?j : ; success, and . laughs of scorn were ji- 1 mingled with their warlike hurrahs, as )| ; they prepaed to improve the advan j tage so fortunately gained. Loudest j; of all in both ; laugh' arid hurrah was 'I; the young Tom Bruce, whose voice was i! heard, scarco sixty yards off, roaring, 2; ' Hurrah for old Kentuck ! Try 'em agin, boys,1 give it to 'em handsome once more ! and then, boys, a rush for the women !' ; The sound of a friendly voice at so ' v: short a distance fired Roland's heart I ; with hope, and he shouted aloud him self, no Indian seeming nigh, for as ? ; sistance. But his voice was lost in a !j ; tempest of yells, the utterance of grief and furoj with which the fall of their j! three companions had filled the breasts !j; ?. of the savages. The effect of this j.i fatal loss, stirx-ing up their - passions to ?j- ; a sudden frenzy, was to goad them into ?'i ; the very step which they had hitherto so wisely avoided. ? All sprang from the ground as with one consent, and regardless of the exposure and danger, ! ; ? dashed, with hideous shouts, against ? the Kentuckians. But the volley, with j which they were received, each Ken j ^ , tuckian selecting, his man, and firiug J ; with unerring and : merciless aim, ; , ; damped their short-lived ardour ; and j J ; quickly dropping again among the ; ' ! grass and bushes, they were fain to ! continue the combat as they had bogun it, in a way which, if it produced less injury to their antagonists, was con ! ductive of greater sefety to them ? v ; selves. : ?ij; The fii'ing was now not and incess ; -' ant on both sides, but particulary on ? ;? the part of the Regalators, who, in '? ?' spired by success, but still prudently '. ? avoiding all unecessary exposure of i . their persons, pressed their enemies with a spirit from which Roland now ; . for the first time drew the happiest ( ? auguries. Their stirring hurrahs be ; : spoke a confidence in the result of the fray, infinitely cheering -to his spirits ; ; ; and he forgot his'' tortures, which from ; ? the many frantic struggles he had ?i:y . made to force ; the throng from his wrists, drawing it at each still further into his flesh, were now'almost insup portable, when, amid the din of firing ' and yelling, he heard Tom Bruce cry aloud to his companions, ' Now; boys ! one more crack, and then for[rifle-butt, V knife, and hatchet?' It seemed, in deed, as if the heavy losses the Indians had sustained, had turned tho scalo ? of \- battle entirely in favour of the Ken ' ' - tuokians. It was evident even to Ro land, that the former, although yelling and shouting with as much apparent ; vigour as ever; were: --gradually giving ground before the latter, and retreat ing towards their former liars ; whil® lie could as clearly perceive, from Brace's expressions, that the intrepid Kentuckian was actually preparing to execute the very measure that had I ' caused such loss to his enemies, and [ i which, being thus resolvnd on, showed l : his confidenco of victory. ' Ready, boys.!' he heard him shout again, and oven nigher than beforo ; — ' take the \- shoot with full pieces, and let skirmud | geons have it handsome ! ' i , At that conjuncture, and just when !\ Forrester caught his breath with in tense and devouring expectation, an incident occurred which entirely I i changed the face of affairs, and J : snatched the' victory from the hands of tho Kentuckians. The gallant Brace, thus calling upon his followers to prepare for thd charge, had scarce uttered the words... recorded, before a voice, lustier evon ? than his own, bel lowed from^ bush immediately on his rear, — 'Take it like a butcher's bull dog, tooth and nail ! — knife and skull splitter, foot and finger, give it to 'em every way, — cock a-doodle doo !' At these words, coming from a quarter and from an ally entirely un expected, young Bruce looked behind him and beheld, emerging from a hazel bush, through which it had just forced its way, the visage of Roaring Ralph Stackpole, its natural ugliness greatly increased by countless snatches and- spots of blood, the result of his leap down the ledge of rocks, when first set upon by the Indians, and his eyes squinting daggers and ratsbane, especially while he was giving utter ance to that gallinaceous slogan' with which he was wont to express his appe tite for conflict, and with which he now concluded his unceremonious sa lufcion. The voice and visage were alike familiar to Bruce's senses, and neither was so well fitted to excite alarm as merriment. But, on the present oc casion thoy produced an effect upon the young Regulator's spirits, and through them upon his actions, tho most unfortunate in the world , to understand which it must be . recollec ted that the worthy Kentuckian had, twenty-four hours before, with his own hands, assisted in gibbeting nonest Ralph on the beech tree, where, he had every reason to suppose, his life-, les body was hanging - at that very moment. His astonishment and hor ror may therefore be^conceived, when, turning in some|purturbation at the well known voice, he beheld that identical body, the'corpse of the executed horse 'thief, crawling after him in the grass ' winking, and blinking, 'and squint ing,'' as he was used afterwards to say, 'as if the devil had ? him by the pastern.' It was a spectacle which the nerves of even Tom Bruce could not stand ; it did what armed Indians could not do, — it frightened him out of his propriety. Forgetting his situ ation, his comrades, the savages, — for- getting everything but the fact of his having administered the last correction of Lynch-law. to the object of. his terror, he sprang on his feet, and roaring, ' By the etarnal devil, here's Ralph Stackpole ! ' he took to his heels, run ning, in his confusion, right in the direction of the enemy among whom he would have presently found himself, but for a shot,_ by which, before he had run six yards, the unfortunate youth .was struck to the earth. ? ' Tha iexclamation, and the sight of Ralph himself, who also rose to follow the young leader upon what he deemed a rush against the foe, electrified the I whole body of the Regulators, who j wore immediately thrown into confus ion ; of which the savages took the same advantage they had taken of Bruce's agitation, firing upon them as they rose, and then rushing upon them to end the fray, before they could re cover their wits or spirits. It needed but this, and the fall of their leader to render the disorder of the young men irretrievable ; and, accordingly, in less than a momont they were seen, all, at least, who were not already dis abled,— flying in a panic from the field of battle. It was in vain that the captain of the horse-thieves, divining at last the cause of their extraordinary flight, roared out that he was a living man, with nothing of. a ghost about him whatever ; the panic was uni versal and irremediable,; and nothing remained for him ' to do but to save his own life as quickly as possible. ' 'Tarnal death to, me !' he bellowed, 1 turning to fly ; but a groan from Bruce fell on his ear. He ran to the side of the fallen youth, and catching him by the hand, exclaimed, ' Now for the best leg, Man, and a rush up hill to the horses ! ' ' You ar'n't hanged then, after all 1' muttered the junior; and then fell back as if unable to rise, adding faint ly, ' Go, — rat it, I'm done for.— As for the — '1 — savages, what I have to. say — '1 — '1 — . But I reckon scalping's not much ; — '1 — '1 — one soon gets used to it !'— And thus the young Kentuckian, his blood oozing fast, his mind wander ing, his utterance failing, muttered, resigning himself to his fate, ignorant that even Stackpole was no longer at his side to hear him. (TO .BE CONTINUED ) 