A TALE OF HORROR, A gentleman name Lendbetter, a hopmer chant, resident in one of the western counties, had for mauy years made a prnctice of attend ing the great annual fair at Weyhill, as a pur chaser of the commodity in which he chiefly dealt. It happened on one occasion, that he arrived at the inn to wLich he »lwnys went, some hours later tban usual ; nnd on going into tho uouee he learned, to bis regret, that so much :ompuny had arrived before him, that every bed was eigaged. Rather than go to any house to which he was a strungcr, be determined to have a bed made upon some chairs in tbe travel lers' room. Mrs. Symonds, the landlady, was about to carry this arrangement into effect, when she happened to recollect that thorn was an ostler's room in the yard, which puisibly Mr. Leadbetter might prefer to sleepiug in a room where he might be liable to be disturbed very early in tho morning.. To this the gentleman williug acceded; and after some Bhort time, be passed up the gallery in tbe yard which led to tbe apart ment, aud retired to bed. Sleep leut its leaden influenre soon to tbe weary traveller, and he reposed soundly, until a itruogo noise in the gallery which be had ascended, roused him into sense again. The noise was that of ao extremely heavy footstt p. Mr. Ltadbetttr counted every step ; aud, to his alarm, the sound increased, until the cause of it ceaohed the door of bis apartment. In an instant a tall aud gaunt figure entered the room, with a candle in one hand, aud a butcher's knife in the otber. Mr. L. attempted to speak.but his v.ice failed bim, and the figure approached the bed. It shook tUo borror-slrickeu man ; then drew the knife several times across bis own throat ; went to a table in the room, seti down the light, ami immediately quitted the ptaco Mr. Leadbtttir began to breathe agaiu ; he imagined, after a few minutes, that bo must have been dream ing ; and yet, tbe candle and candlestick on the tublu wire lo phantoms, they were palpablo realities. He instantly rose with an intent to lock tbe door, but found that it was without lock or bolt, and that there was nothing else in tbe room but the bedstead of any weight. As this fortunately r«n on casters, ho rolled it to the door, and thinking himself then tolerably s»/o from further intrusion, be endeavoured to go to sleep again. But sleep would no more revisit his eyelids ; and he lay tossing about until, in about an hour, he heard the same sounds wLicb had before alarmed him, renewed on the gallery stairs, and in a few seconds, the door of his room being pushed with great violence, his bed w«b rolled inlo the middle of tbe apurtmmt, and again I he horrid figure stood bere Lim ! The faculties of speech and motion now forsook him quite ; the figure shook bim agaiu with lirrce gesticulation, and agaiu drawing tho knife across its throat. Mr. Lead better obst-iver] Ibat marks of blood were on the blade, which wero not there buforo ! It ,theu passed awaj from tBe room, and the remainder of Mr. Leaibetter's sense Bed wilb it ; he sweoned and remained for some time insensible. As soon as he came to himself he put on his clothes with Ihe best speed his agitation would allow, and descended into tLe yard of the inn. Jii a stable there be saw a light, and on approaching it, found a man dressing down wine horses, to whom be communicated that something particular bad happened, and that ho must have Mr. and Mr* Symomls cilled up immediately. The landlord came down ; and on expressing his apprehension that Mr. Lettd better was very ill, as his looks seemed lo indi cate, was informed that indeed he was not well. Mr. L. proceeded tu relate all that happened to him, nnd concluded by expressing bis firm con viction that some horrible murder had been committed on the premises in the night. Mr) Symonds on healing the tale, was senrcely less alarmed than tho relater. The house was quickly roused by tbe torrorB of tho host and bosters ; and tho business ot tho fair was almost forgotten in the wonder excited by tbe story, which lost nothing by repetition to the several gueBts of the inn, as they suc cessively inquired into tan inuise of tho early disturbance. At six o'clock the ostler, whose room Mr. L. hud occupied, arrived from a lodging which be hod got in the town, on being turned out of his usual bed. Much pleasure wns 1 1 pressed on seeing him ; and on the story being told him, ' Wby,' said he, ' I'll lay my life I know the ghost very well ; it was tho deaf aud dumb fellow that comes to help me to kill tho pigs, anil who always comes up to my room to call mo when we have one to kill ' Tho murder wad out ! It was indeed tbe deaf »ud dumb fellow, who had made an appointment with tbe ostler to kill n pig at four o'clock in the morning, and who, thinking the ostler lazy ; had gone first to uwukeu him, nnd a second time for tbe same purpose after he had stuck the pig. 