MY LUCKY DREAM. ^GLASGOW WEEKLY HEBALD.] What jolis Christmases we used to have ? . Treby Manor, when I was a boy, a goodia * somber of years ago now, as I reflect rai fully every time I look in the glass and se the bald spot extending its ravages on m intellectual cranium. One in particular, I remember when I wi » hobbledehoy of 15. It was a regular ol< fashioned Christmas, plenty of ice an snow, holly and mistletoe, fun and frolii First of all, to give them the plaoe c honour, were Grandpa and Grandma, or, i the villagers called them, Squire and Madai Trevor ; he, a hale, rubicund, old gentli .man, with the anons of TO odd winters o his frosty head, with a bright, kindly ey and a still upright ligure ; she, a dainty ol lady in her lace cap, under which her awei face looked ont with unabated kindness! every wrinkle. Then there was my fathe the old couple's eldest Bon, and my mothe and all their family ; to wit, Diok, aged 2 and as good-looking a young Englishman < the true Saxon type as the country con! produce ; Sally and BOBS, »ged respective' 21 and 10 ; Tom, sweet 17, though in h ease the sweetness had to be taken on tras as he was a regular John Ball ; yonr hnmh servant Harry, blushing 15 ; and a tribe < ' small fry far too numerous to mentloi besides having nothing whatever to do wit the Story. Then there were various' aunts and undi with their progeny, also numerous an unimportant ; and one or two strängen It is with these latter this Bhort, veraciot chronicle has to do. > Plaoe aux dames. Vera. Blythwaite, friend of Sally's, was as pretty a girl i «ver man clapped oyes on, I thought E then, and think ' so still, hut I sha'n attempt to desoribe her, as it wonld be sheer waste of time, and would convey n impression whatever of her. charming poi sonality. Let .the reader think of .'th dearest girl in the world,' and multiply h< charms a hundredfold, and he will com within measurable distance'of - gauging he attractions. Mow for the villain of the piece. Nc that Captain Lennox was a villain i reality, but the reader's sympathies ai politely requested for the other side rep« seated by Dick. - For, of course, the 'intelli gent' and ' gentle ' reader has foreseen who Happened. . Captain Lennox and Sick were bot deeply, desperately, hopelessly énamoure of the fair Vera, and, aa a natural const qnenos, deep, desperate and bitter were th feelings they entertained towards on another. This was all the sadder, as the; had formerly been rather1 chummy,' and i was,-, indeed, to Dick's invitation tha Lennox owed his viBit to Treby Manor an his acquaintance with Miss Blythwaite Diok and ha belonged to the same oraol cavalry regiment, and thereby hangs a tal -my tole, in faot, for the oraok cavalr; regiment, had done for Dick, finanoiall; speaking. His affairs were a perfeot 'bog, and all his efforts to extricate himself onl; ended in his plunging deeper in. When . say that bia most strenuous efforts wer direoted to keeping his father, and, etil more, his grandfather, in ignoranoe of hi plight, it will be seen that, like the police man's, poor Dick's life was 'not a happy one, Captain Lennox, unfortunately, waa awari of the state of Diok'a finances, and was indeed, his oreditor to no small amount And at this particular time Diok'a affair were in rather a worse muddle than usual, Indeed, unless he had a certain five hun dred pounds before the end of the week ruin stared him in the faoe, AU thii Captain Lennox knew, and determined, tc take advantage of. Now Lennox was not a bad fellow in thi main, besides being endowed by nature witt a liberal share of good looks, comprising two handsome dark eyes, sn artistic nose of whioh its owner waa rather vain, and s really beautiful moustaohe, much admirée by all the young ladies in the neighbour hood ; all these attractions set upon sis feet one of athletic manhood and yon have a creature very few young women ooultJ resist, ''..,' So thought Captain Lennox himself, and ' yet it is a ead fact that Vera Blythwaite did not ' oare for' Captain' Lennox, and that all the gallant captain's efforts to win her for his bride were destined to bs vain, . Diok, on the other hand, was by no meant , sure that her affections were really his, and being a very mad fellow, was a little in- different in laying bis devotions at her shrine. Whereat. Yera waxed exceedingly wrath, .and would often smite graoloualy on. Captain Lennox and lure him to her «ide, whioh was no donbt a very wrong thing to do, and showed her to be a young lady sadly looking in moral priooiple.. Bat the fact of the matter was; Vera loved Diok from the bottom ot her warm heart, and was a little annoyed with him for his obtnseness. Well, as I have said, Captain Lennox determined to usa bia knowledge of Diok'a \- peonniary embarrassments for hia own bonefit, and thia ia how he set about it. He took for bia motto 'All's fair in love and . war,' and made his proposals to Diok. These were . his conditions-Captain Lennox to Say the aforementioned £300 and cancel liok's obligations to him-when I mention that these amounted to no less a sum than £1000 it will be seen that he rated Vera Sretty high-on condition that Diok imme iately and for ever resigned all pretensions to the hand of MIBS Vera Blythwaite. Poor Diok I Verily he was between the deil and the deep sea. On the ono hand was freedom from the millstone that had so long hung round his neok. Bat at what a price waa it purchased I No less than the happiness of his whole life ; and not only his own hap- piness was involved, but as he more than \- half-suspected, that of another dearer to him than his life. Captain Lennox gave him 24 hours to consider the matter, and it is now that I justify my own presence in the Btory. Like Brer Babbit, I have been 'laying low' and ' sayin' nuffln',' bat you will now see that I am the real hero of the story. It ia I who step in and save the fair damsel from tbe clutches of the villain, and restore her to the arms of her true love. This is how lt came' about. I happened to pass Diok'a door that night, and heard a groan. Now, though oar honse is old, it has never been of any interest to the Psyohloal Society, supposing that useful body to have had exietenoe io those days ; so, though it waa Christmastide and a bright moonlight night -jost the thing to tempt a ghost forth for a walk-I opened the door without a tremor and walked in. CHAPTER -H. After I hod satisfied the cravings of hunger and laid waste the table in my immediate vicinity, I had leisure to look round. Diok waa in brilliant spirits ' that morning, and- a glance at Vera's faoe ahowed me she had quite forgiven him his negligence ot tho'previous night ; while tlio gloomy look Lennox bestowed on -his plate anffloiently indicated the Btate of his mind. ' Diok, metaphorically speaking, snapped his'fingers in'Lennox's face,'and had evidently determined . that, if "bis* happiness wóB- to be brief, -ib*-abonld*.'at losst be worth-»remembering,-'Hever 'had ? he looked so handsome nor appeared 'to i uoh advantage, aa he did that ínémbVábltr morning ; nover had Vera no plainly ellown* linrpretorenoB for him. I must confess'he rather took my breath away. I almost boalt»ted to mention -my dream to him at ull. In the sober light of day it appeared a wildly.improbable thing... ... .. .However, after breakfast, when Vera had lett the room. I.Baw tho anxious, gloomy look reappear ou his face, and then my dream-appeared worth testing, .After all, ? suppose nothing came of it, there waa no harm trying. So I boldly approached him and said ' I eay, Diok, do you believo in dreams f ' Not very likely.' Thia waa distinctly discouraging. ?Well, look here, I had an awfnl fanny dream last night ¡ about the treasure, you know/ 'Hang the treasure,' said Dick, forcibly. I waa .not to be daunted, however,'and insisted on inflloting my,dream on him, with all the details, to whioh he listened with a painfully resigned look, Ha heaved a sigh oí reliai when 1 finished, and expressed the conviction that I had been indulging in too ranch plum- pudding, whioh was a vile slander. Seeing he was not to be moved I took Tom into my confidence, and waa much encouraged by the enthusiasm with whioh he hailed it. 'I say, let's get spades and go to the plaoe and dig it up,' said he. No sooner said than done. We borrowed, two spades from the gardener and set off. We had no difficulty in locating the-1 hawthorn bosh, for a large and particularly tough (os we soon had reason to know), specimen of its class grew quite near the old chapel. With all the enthusiasm of youth we set to work upon the bush, and after an hour'*, hard work had eucoeeded in rooting it. pretty well out. Meanwhile, we were in .mortal terror for fear any elders should appear on the soene,. we having a not undeserved reputation for getting into scrapes ; but thiß, needless to. say, only lent an additional charm io our escapade, while we encouraged one another in our arduous Iabuura by anticipating the BenBation we should make triumphantly returning with the treasure. The excitement began to grow when we had got the bush cleared away, and digging: operations began in earnest. Even Diok. began to get infeoted with the excitement, and worked for all he was worth ; and when our spades came on something hard, we could hardly contain ourselves. Was it really and truly the treasure ? We hacked away for dear lite, and by-and'bye what looked like the top of? an iron box came into view, but so firmly embedded in the earth that it was only after tremendous exertions, and with the help of the gardener and little boy that we got it dislodged. Then what a job we hadr getting it home, and the hubbub when we did get there far surpassed our expectations. Everybody was clamouring for a look at the box, and we were overwhelmed with questions. As for me, I was the hereof the? hour, and strutted about proudly, relating my dream (with embellishments, I am sorry to say) to anybody who would listen. Everyone held their breath when at lost the box WOB really open, ned it was found to be full of old Spanish gold coins and a lot of jewels, among whioh were seme particularly fine diamonds, woith thousands of pounds. Altogether thero waa quite a tidy little fortune in the.old box. And with so much extra cash going about, Diok took courage to confess his sins, got his debts paid, andV vowed to turn over a new leaf, a promise which he faithfully kept. Of course, the, little agreement with Captain Lennox did not come off, much to that gentleman's disappointment, while a certain engagement did come off, and that pretty quickly-an engagement that was soon cemented into a nearer tie, and one that has stood the test of time. \- Cuptain Lenncx did not break his heart, or wander about the world a melancholy man. On tho contrary, I am sorry to say for the Bake of romance, ho ate his Ohristmas dinner- with undiminished appetite, and before he left had almost made up his mind that our Sally was quite as charming as Vera ; and as Sally admired him (and his moustaohy) immensely, he woe not repuhed a seoond time, and ÍB now a much respeoted relative of mine. As for the dream itself, I only wish-1 could repeat it every time I want cash-but I never have. Diok must have been pretty bad before he took me into hie oonfidenoe, bnt it ia a. fact that he ponred his plaint into my interested ears. Why, I don't know, aa £ oould be of no earthly use to him. ' I-wish,' Bold I, by way of Baying some- thing, 'that we could find the treasure, Diok. Wouldn't it ooma in awful handy to you just now V . Don't be a fool,' growled Diok. Like a number of old families, we had a lost treasure ; but as none of oar ancestors had been obliging enongh to leave a eorappy paper full of vague directions for the benefit of a grateful posterity, it was likely enough to remain lost as far as we were concerned, Diok'a sooiety not being exactly inspiriting, .1 retired after a while. Downstairs I went tripping over a stray toy-cart with two disconsolate dolls in it, who met an untimely end under my by no means light fantastic toe. Into the draw- ing-room went I, where some of the elders of the party were amusing themselves in various way?. Vera looked np as I went, in, and asked pettishly. where Diok WOB ' For he promised,' said she in an aggrieved voice,1 to try over these Bongs with mo to- night.' " Diok poBsepsed a good baritone voice. 'Wont I do instead?' said Captain Lennox, with a languishing glance of his-, dark eye. Now Lennox's voioe was a tenor, and rather a good tenor too ; but unfortunately Tera preferred a baiitone. Alto, elie pre- ferred a certain pair of bonny blue eyes to the brown orbs now. regarding her wist- fully. ' 'Ño, thank you,' Bbc said with decision .-. but observing hin crestfallen look, ohanged her mind with lightning rapidity, and to- gether they went to the piano,- and were Boon deep in a certain, sentimental ditty, composed ohiefly of sighs and tears and hearts pierced by love's keen darts. Lennox threw a certain intensity into. hiB voioe, whioh was by no moans lost on .. hia fair accompanist, who blushed deeply as she felt his ardent gaze fixed on her,. Lennox certainly made the running that, night, for Vera waa deeply chagrined at. Diok'a inexonsible neglect. Meanwhile,.! felt myself rather de trop, in the company of my.elders, composed principally of mammas discussing the faults and failings of their domestics, and in one corner Sally and Boss trying their 'prentice bands on two callow oousins of the opposite, sex, who were SB olay ia the hands of thc potter. Most of the small fry were out at. a party that night, and Tom waa in hia own room with a raging toothaohe, BO I waa left, ont in the oold. I retired to my own den and took ont 1 The Ked Man's Itevenge,' whioh exalting tale I read till the olook struck 12, Then I. went to bed, and my thonghts- reverted to Diok, and then went a wandering to the? treasure. Of coarse, a sort of legend had come down in our family abont this treasure Briefly, this was the history bf it. A oertsin Maurice Trevor, in the reign of good Queen Bess, had espoused the only ohild and heiress of a bold buocaneer oalledi Harry Hawkesley, and had thereby become, possessed of great wealth in gold and. jewelB, which, according to the custom of the times, he had kept seenreiy locked in a Btont ohest. During the war between the? Roundheads and the Cavaliers thia chest, had been concealed for safety, and the then head of the family dying suddenly, and. leaving an only son, then only 10 years of age,'the whereabouts of the treasure .had' been lost. Both the men who had" helped - to conceal it, old and trusted servants, had " predeceased their rjastir'j' so,' beyond' à'',, general knowledge that suoh a treasure had , *~ existed, nothing waa- - known-. Successive generations had «perlt themselves in efforts to discover ita-whereabdBtsf'bnt*With-the ...' most discouraging resnlts ; and the treasure *"* wrested"from-the-D(*B on-ítfre"8panÍ3h'' Moin'.waa likely 'enougfr'tó'Tfjmoin losttill the trump of doem':' Thâ'presefie généra*'' ?* tion«wasi in faoVhtghly 'Eoeptiöal ofl'Tb'ite. existence at all, and indulged' * in ' open' '?"' sneers- "as 'icP'-the . trustworthiness of ;tho family legendi Wellíí kept;thinking bf it until I'fell'asleep,-and then I dreamed a. ' 1 dream.' "" ' Thia is what I dreamt : I dreamt I was in a certain corner of our.park, near the ruins of an old chapel,' and that I was digging beside a large haw thorn.hmm whioh.grew there. I had to uproot this bush, whioh I did (in my dream) with great ease, and after digging on for a white I came to a great. box whicti not all my efforts could dislodge, I tugged and pulled, and just BB I made one mighty effort, whioh wau bound to be crowned with success, I woke to hear Sarah, the school- room maid, battering nt my door, with tho alarming intelligence that it waa nine o'olook, that breakfast was on the table, and if I didn't hurry up there wouldn't be none left. Of oonrse, I hustled into my things aa quickly as possible, and edeceeded. in capturing some bacon and eg ga. 