ITEMS OF MEWS ACCIDENT AT SOUTH LYKLL.—Our Gormanston corres|ionilent writes:—An accident hapiieneil at llie South Lyell shaft on Thursilay night to a miner named W, Quinn, inflicting injuries to his head and shoulder. It apiiears that the bucket became fast in the shaft, aqd the engincdrivcr did not notice it and kept on lowering, when the bucket gave way and came down. He is a member of the 4-M.A., and is progressing favorably under Dr Rockett's cafe. GORMANSTON COUUT HODSE.—The contractor £Mr W. J. Andrews) for the ercction of the Oormanston court houge has nearly completed the erection of the buiiiliug, which will be a handsome addition to the architecture of tbe town, It will be handed over for occupation very shortly. HAULAGE LINE.—It will be observed by Ihe rejK)ii of the jioliee court proceedings yesterday that two men were fined 10s each tor trespassing on the Mount Lyell Company's railway. The Company, owing to two severe accidcnts occurring on the line loading to Uic haulage, have slq|i|ied all |iedestrian traffic except for ]iersous whewire provided witha pass Tlicse|iasscs arc given on the understanding that one shilling is contributed to the Qnecnstown Hospital. The Company issue the passes to those who apply for them and tbe money obtained is to he handed over to the Hospital. The defenants were prosecuted because they had given false names. ST. JOSBI-I|'S CUUUCH. — To-morrow' (Sunday) tbc Eev. M. J. O'Regan, the new priest in chrrge of the parish, will celebrate mass and preach at vesjiers. WEATH an.—Yesterday was another bleak, showery, and exceedingly unpleasant day. The winter apjiears to have set in in earnest anil blucys are now the order ol the day with Smelter and Flux bands, while the ciUiens use umbrellas and mackintoshes. Thefoiecast by Mr Wraggo, of Brisbane, is us follows " Further squally and showery, but steadily improving ; moderate sea around coast of Tasmania generally, under the distiu-liance Ajto,' which is now 900 miles 6.E. from T a c Hobart IheantBTO^C » advised--some carefully -watching jn^ts ooUBetkcroasJthe \ 1 Southern Ooeaa jt^mnjito ^iroSgce "heavy eaib&^-VA^anl^nd Shipping arecauaynba.®" , ST. MABRHT'BOAUEOTF—TO-INTITOWBDIG Whitsunday ViereWill be" special ^JviotKtit, St Martin's Ohuieh The Bev, W. 'Haoy ; Edwardea preaches morning -and winning, aud in the evening Uie Whitsuntide anthem, • "Come, Holy Ghost," as set by Atwood/will berendared. It was hoped the font. .would . have been ready for dedication and use tomorrow, but it did not arrive in time. vThe font and ftlsoa large bell are lying atfitralian " and will be used on Sunday week for the first time. it.- • -PBESBYTEBUNOHUBOH.—Theseirioeson Bunday will be held til Calms' Hall, -and the bautar will. not interfere .with them. . Rev. L. C. M.Donaldson will preach morning.; and evening on the subjects that are an- " uonneed in onr business columns.. 6MBLTBU8' BALL.—A general meeting will bo held on Monday next at Harvey's Hotel, at 8..SO p.m., to make arrangements for. this year's ball. All interested are'requested to attond. CHOPPING OABHIVAL.—At Taylor's IloUil tills afternoon there will be a chopping contest between 1\ Deegan end H. Terry for £20 n slile, and not £fi, as b.va t)-|iographical error ajqiesred In the mlvertiiement yesterday. L There will bo -a ^sweepstakes ^contest,. and another -match between Stabbe and '- Batchelor for £5 aslile. ~> • . • AJf.k—In. 1819,- if' the »a1uB~bf tlie" . jioliciea ^n' force in ih"el A.M.I , . had bBen represeuted in sovereigns, a bank teller ooald easily 1]ave countod them f n 'an tiour - mid a halt * In I8flb, tf the same teller countel tar . ah eight hour ahlfteach day, it would take him overCJ years. ; . . ; . VLOTOEIA DABWItr OOMPANR.—In our.. , advertising columns will be seen the proqieetua ;of the Victoria Darwin, which is being launched on the market by tbe wellknown broker, Mr. II. A. Lamb, whose name is sufficient guarantee of its success: From What we can gather the shares are being rapidly applied for, and intending Investors should apply early for their shares as the list will close on Monday next, Hie 22ml inst. THE EMU BAY IUU.WAY.—All work on' the formation of the Emu Bay railway to Roscbciy lias been ' cpmplctcd, and the riveters have made a good start on the Pieman bridge. The engineer In charge anticipates finishing tbc bridge and la)'ing rails to Boscbecy station within SO days. The secretary of the company reports that visitors to the West Coast will be interested to learn that the Lands Department has set aside money to widen tho track between Uoscbery and Deed Ixiad, the Usrminm of tbe North- Bast Dundas tram, a distance of four miles, sufficiently toallow of the passage of vehicles, and that the work is now wolt in hand. Tills will be a great convenieuoe to the travelling - public until the Emu Hay line is tlirongh to 2cehau. Good progress is being made at tho tunnel, which is the most important work on the Zeehan section. Sr. OosEPn'e BAZAAB, — To-night at Cairns' Hall, a grand basilar will bo ojtenod, the object of which is to raise funds to pay off the cost of fencing the church grounds. The lady members of tho congregation have made strenuous efforts to ensure the success of the bazaar and as admission will be free it is fully exjiecud that the attendance will not only be a large one but tlint the business done will result in a substantial sum being raised. The bataar is to be continued during tbe ensuing week and we have no doubt that the object aimed at will be attained, Sjiecial efforts are being made to provide novelties during each evening the basaar is open. OvKBsnen op WORKS.—The Town Board dccidcd in committee of the whole on Thursday night to incroascthc jwy of MrO. Wake, overseer of works, from 10s )ier day to lis. RETURNED.—Mr E. F. Moore, general manager of tbe South Tbanis mine, returned from Melbourne by the s.s. Kawatiri yesterday, and arrived here by the eveuing train. INSPECTOR OF MINES.—Mr J. Harrison, Inspector of Mines for tbe Wat Coast, who has been for some days on the Held viewing the operations at the various mines, returnod to Zeehan by tbc afternoon train yesterday, lie says that work is proceeding In a satisfactory manner at the various mines. Tailoring entrusted to J. Chapman is made on the premises under his own personal supervision.* A boxing contest between Adelaide Dick and Cross is to Lake place to-night at the Olympic Hall. One of the competitors is to win. Price of admission and amount of the stake arc adverted elsewhere. Intending competitors at the Gormanston Friendly Societies' Raccs ore reminded that acceptances close with the secretary, Mr. B. Woods, to-night at Gormanston. Tenders ore invited by the Oceana Mining Com|mny for the purchase of their leases and complete pumping and winding plant, closing with Mr A. Capper Moore, Equitable Building, Melbourne, on June li. The Queenstown tea room will be o|>eued to- day (Saturday) in the premises in Orr street, ojijiosltc Clear's Hotel Tea and refreshmcnt will be provided at the small CQst of six|ience. A lavatory is being fitted up, Mrs Rollins Is the proprietress. 