THE TESTIMONY OF ESTHER SANDYS. ,; TAJa KlORTfi ttESKRVED.] BY ROMA WHITE. ? CHAPTER XVIII. Iiady Sandys had been from home for a day or two; and when she returned, Blie won dered why the servants looked so Btrange. She was told that Mr. Leicester awaited her in the library; and she went to him at once. ' Well,' said she, pleasantly, enterir.;* the room, ' iBitBomebosinew of inyoephew'sV' Mr. Leicester did net anBwer. He turned away from her, and made a few steps across tins room and. beck aeii.il. Then be glanced at her in dumb pleading. A keen questioning look bad sprang into her -Ja*k «ye&. She seated hetseU quietly in an arm-chair, and motioned him to another. Then she folded her haods upon her knee, end straightened her hack. She perceived that ill-news awaited her, and she remem bered immediately that she was a SandyB. ' Do aot break it to me,' she said, com posedly. ' Tell mo at once. ' ' It is terrible news. Lady Sandys.' ' Not wo terrible for me to bear, Mr. Leicester.' Sue had become slightly imperious, and he perceived that she ?would brook neither Bott eniag nor delay of his intelligence. He bent himEelf a little oyer a table, then turned and looked at her. 'Lady Sandys, your nephew, Mr. Fitr Hoy, has been killed.'' The face opposite him blauched, but the voice which answered was steady. ' That is not all, Mr. Leicester.' ' No, he has been — murdered.' Lady Sandys moved slightly in her chair, and wrune her hands. Then, still fixing her keen undismayed glance upon the lawyer.she , she said again. ' That is not yet all, Mr. Leicester.' ' No, Mr. Humphrey Sandys has been arrested on a charge of being concerned in hie death.' Lady Sandys dropped her face for a mo ment upon her hands, and silence fell over the library. When she lifted her face again it was bloodless, but her voice remained Bteru and composed. '? Let me hear all,' she eaid, briefly. Mr. Leicester told. He laid the story be fore her in all its length of bald trivial facts; and, as he reviewed the case, slie followed its incidents closely. She had herself enter tained the two men at luncheon only the Saturday before, leaving liarsl Hall before they did. They had set off homewards about half-past live, walking swiftly through the park, where the clear golden light and the slender shadows fell across the turf. Their servant followed them, laden with the game. At the lodge gates FitzRoy had handed this servant his gun, to be taken home, with the birds, by the road; while he and his cousin turned their faces to the fresher moors. Humphrey carried his own fcan, and they set off, unaccompanied by any other person, in the direction of Healh Edge. Tbis was the last time that Mr. Fitzlvoy had been seen alive. Lady Sandys said nothing when Mr. Leicester tremulously remarked this point; but her hand went in stinctively to her heart. At half-past eitfht Humphrey was seen at the ' rusb-berriDg,' alone. When this fact had been eliuted the Coroner expressed a w ish to call Mr. Sandys' butler, to ascertain whether his master had visted Hevistou i*rjory in the interval. Lewis had been, fetched, and had broken aemrconipiecely under examination, finally falling into a seat and weeping like a child as he confessed his suspicions of his master, and his efforts to save him. The evidence of the surgeon who made an examination of the body and of the man who had first followed Leo into the rained cottage, supplied the final circumstances, and riveted the last links of the chain. Mr. Leicester spoke hurriedly, blundering ly, tumbling over his words, and feeling, for the first time in his life, the impossibility of practising politeness. Such expressions as he was compelled to use did not lend them selves readily to courtesy. As he finished speaking he was conscious of a vasue im pression that, after all, the English language was brutal. Lady Sandys heard him to the end in silence. Her face paled, and her lips uo consciously tightened. Once she put up her hand and straightened the lace of hor cap lappet. It seemed a piteous assertion of decorum and dignity in the face of humilia tion. ' You have told me all 7' '? Yes, I have told your ladyship all. I would have given tire years of my life to have averted this blow.' The lawyer spoke tremulously, bat felt re lieved when he had bo expressed himBeU. The earnest sneech brought him into a kind lier relationship with his temporary office, which hitherto he hod felt only as an outrage. Lady Sandys aaked him one or two further ' questions. She bad neither fainted, nor com plained, nor cried out; bat her face had be come older. Withal, she had assumed some semblance of pride, which aspect she faith fully endeavoured to diffuse over her count enance, that neither eye nor lip might turn traitor to her pedigree. ' Does Mrs. Sandys know?' 'Not yet.' 'She must be told.' ' Yes, Lady Sandys. I thought— ' You thought I would do it. You were right, I am the proper person. I will go to . her immediately. ' ' She roue from her chair, resting her hand upon the back for a moment for support. . But she still thought and spoke clearly. ' I must arrange to remain with her— that will ?mean a little packing. Mr. Leicester, have you dined?' ' I have had all I require, thank you.' ? ' You rouet have some wine. And your coachman— I will see that he has something. 1 shall be ready in a few minutes. ' She left the room, and lie spent the inter vening time in renewed pacings, and silent irritated denunications of the cawing rookB outside. Now and then he drew out hit) note-book, and scribbled for a moment in the leaves, When Lady Sandys returned to him she was still considerably the more com \- posed of the two. Then came the little bustle of departure, the hurrying servants, and the few last in structions. Hurst Hall shared the gloomy excitement that had enveloped the Priory. When at last the carriage drove away. Lady Sandys drew down her veil, and consigned herself and her companion to silent musings. They hardly spoke to each other until the chaise rolled up the Priory avenue,, and was drawn op in the light that fell from the «ntranco. Storm drops of rain fell heavily, and glis ftii tsned, ciowding in the flood of light. LewiB stepped out, and assisted Lady Sandys from . the carriage. The butler's face was disfigured WlUi grief, . and hie mouth worked con vulsively. Had her ladyship glanced at him be must have burstinto tears; but she moved ?*wiftly across the hall to the drawing-room, leaving Mr. Leicester to enquire for Mrs. Sandy*. 'The statreBB is upBtairs, sir,' Lewis said. 'Who in with her?' ' Mrs. Jupp came over, Vir.*' ? ?' Tell ber that Lady Sandys is here.' ??Yes, sir.' Lewis went quickly down the corridor, and Mr. Leicester followed Lady SandyB to the drawing-room. She war removing her wraps, and she laid them neatly upon a neighbouring table. Then she went to the lire, lit in consequence of the dam pn ess of the evening, and hnld out her little hands to the blaze; they trembled slightly, but she betrayed no other sign of agitation. ' Shall I leave you Lady Sandra?' ' No, I think not It is better you should remain.' Mr. Leicester went into one of the far corners of the room, and began turning over the leaves of a book. Then he desislsd, and stared up at a portrait on the wall. He gave a nervous start when the door of the room opened, and heard, with relief, that a message had been sent down to Lady Sandys, Esther was not well, and would receive her visitor upstairB. Lady Sandys left the room, aDd the attorney tidgetted about, as he awaited her return. He wan thankful to have been spared this additional pain. When after about a quarter of an hour. Lady Sandys crime back to him, he asked hastily how she had left ber grand -daughter. ' She has heard it like— like a Sandys,' answered the tiny lady, wiping her eyes for the first time, and repressing a sob. ' It must have been very painful,' he said, feelingly. ' Yes, it was,' she replied. ' Can 1 do anything further V If not, 1 must say good evening. I want to visit Mr. SandyB to-night.' ' Mr. Leicester, how will they proceed with this charge ?' He observed that she did not prefix the adjective 'shameful,' as ninety -nine women out of a hundred would have termed a similar accusation. He made a few hurried steps across the room, and then answered her, with a re newed look of grief. ' It muBt eo before judge and jury.' ' You mean the Assizes ?' 'Yes.' ' Where will Humphrey be taken to ?' '? To Lancaster.' ' Thank you, Mr. Leicester. Good night.' ' Good-night. Lady Sandys.'' He escaped from the presence of this fragment of steel or ice, and shook bis head mournfully as ho once more took his seat in the carriage, in the Priory drawing-room Lady Sandys sat beforo the tire, thinking deeply. She would not weep, nor even pray under this blow; it had fallen upon her with crushing surprise, but she bore its unguish in silence; even to her own heart she re mained calm, unhumiliatcd, and unsubdued. CHAPTER SIX. It waB a dismal afternoon. Kain was rustling down upon the grass, fulling incess antly from grey clouds. MiBts streamed up from the low pastures, and blurred the gitles of the hills. As night approached the dreariness of the weather increased, and fog began to roll and spread up the valley, and gather in drifts among the dripping trees. On the banks of the river near the weir was a little crowd of people. Some of their number directed and encouraged half-a-dozen labourers, who were dragging the water with wide nets. The low thunder of the weir sounded above the noise of tbo voices; and the water,, swelled by. the rain, ruBhed down trie fall yellow witn clay mud, and thick with froth. The twilight deepened, and the searchers were about to give up their work, when a shout from one of their number made everybody start forward. Then, slowly, an'l with difficulty, some heavy burden was drag ged up from the depths of the water. Saranna Gibson 1iad been missing since the night of the murder, and at lust two men had come forward, and related what they had heard, that evening, near the weir-pool. Their story was sufficient to cauBe a search ; but the river had ben drags 3d all day with out success. Now, in the wet fog of the twi light, Sarannu's body was found. Jonathan was among those upon the bank. He moved forward with a bewildered look, and the curious gazers fell back to let him pass. When the still figure was laid upon the grass, he bent over it in silence. One of the searchers, with an involuntary exclamation, pulled off his coat, and Hung it over the dead face. Then Jonathan straightened himself, and passed his hand across his forehead, ' Hoo'd best coom Tthoatn,' he said in a subdued voice. Somebody got a plank and the body was laid upon it and covered with a piece of sack ing. Then a slow procession formed, and moved in the direction of the town. The fog thickened, and the trees and rocks seemed to loom in and out of the shifting vapours, like ghosts. Jonathan's hair anil beard dripped with the damp, as he followed in the steps of the bearers. His chin rested on bis breast, and he breathed heavily as he walked along. Whun they reached the main street the crowd at their heels increased. Two figures coming in an opposite direction, stopped short, as they met the advancing throng. One of them was Mr. Leicester, and he pointed to the plank, and asked if there had been an accident. ' 'Tis Saranna Gibson,' he was told by half a dozen eager voices, ' lioo's bin found i't' weir' Mr Leicester tuined to Jonathan, ' I'm worry to hear this, Gibson,' ha said, 'very sorry.' Jonathan lifted his heavy eyes and Btared at the lawyer. Mr. Leicester's companion, a tall, clean-shaven man, eyed the old weaver with intentness, and some interest. Then suddenly Jonathan Bpoke. ' Hoo's dead,' he said briefly. ' Yea. I am very sorry.' ' There's no ca to be sorry. It war lh' best thing as could coom to her.' ?' What do you mean?' ?? fee none say what I means, now. Is Meelher Sandys boun' to be tried afore a judge and jury.as they're sayln' i' t' villager' ' Yes,' responded Mr. Leicester briefly. 'Jonathan passed his iiaml across hiB brow, and shook the beads of wet from his lingers, ' I'bc be theer, ' he said dreamily, '? I'jse be theer.' And then he passed on after the bearers. ' That is a strange fellow.' Mr. Leicester's companion remarked, as the two men went on again, after this momentary interruption. ' Yes. 1 wonder what he meunt by those last speeches. He's half-witted. ' ' ' Has lie any connection with our case ?'— ' His daughter had.'. ' Aye. In what way ?' Mr. Leicester briefly related Humphrey's explanation of the passage between Mr. Sandys and liis wife which Lewis had inter preted as a quarrel. By the time he had finished speaking they had reached the Priory. The butler admitted Ilium, glancing at the stranger curiously, and showed them straight into the room where Lady Sandys and Esther were sitting. Betty .f upp was tbcu'e also, for Esther had refused to part with her, and tbe baby lay asleep, tucked up among the cushions of the couch. 'J'li'- old woman would have lifted iierclmigc and withdrawn, but Esther, in u low voice, bade Her not disturb the child. She, thercforc,sat down on the other side of the sofa in sileuce. The room was in firelight, and the flicker ing glow distorted everything, and lent impiBhness to all tbe objects udou which it played. Betty's face was a. witch's head grinning above the couch ;an3 the shadows of some chain were three devils dancing in a corner. PerhapB the uncertain gleams made Bather's expression strange. Ijatiy Smdya thought so, and, with a queer nervous shiver, she hastily asked Lewis to bring a lamp. Mr. LaiaeBter introduced tlie stranger, before the light was brought in, and Lady Sandys greeted him with a curtsey. Esther with a few nervous words. He was the solicitor who waB to draw up tlie brief for Humphrey's counsel, and he had pencil and note-book ready in bis hand. Mr. Leicester began to pull off his glova, and one or two commonplaces passed as Lewis brought in the lamp. They all watched him mechanically while lie adjusted the wick and drew the curtains. The baby moved a little and made an inarticulate sound. Betty slanced at Esther, but only met un earnest look, and quick shake of the head. The old woman saw that her neice desired her pre sence, and she began softly to hush the child whore he lay. ' Now,' s,iiu Mr. Leicester, with assumed cheerfulueBB, ' if you please, Mre. SandyB, we waul all the information in your posses sion.' Esther moved restlessly, and ber cheeks flushed. ' I will tell you what I can,' she said. And forthwith she related, carefully and slowly, all the incidents she bud witnessed which bore in any way upon the murder. The twi- solicitors heard ber in silence, but the stranger — Mr. Berkeley— glanced at her sharply now and then. When she had linislicd speaking, he asked a quick question. ' Does anyone else know of all tliis ? ' ' Mo — no one.' Lady Sandys had remained silent, and Esther had been too much occupied in giving a clear coherent account of events to ask any questions. But at the lawyer's exclamation of disappointment, she turned to Mr. Leicester. ' 1 should like to understand, please,' she Baid, pressing her hands tightly on her chest. ' It has all been so terrible and so confused. 1 have understood nolhiug. What euod can all this story do Humphrey ? ' Mr. Leicester looked at her with compas sion, touched by the strong constraint she was putting upon herself. Then he made ber sit down again in her chair, and tried to explain the matter to her. . ' We want nil tiic witnesses we can get,' he said; 'you see, the case against your husband is a very strong one. It has been practically proved that the charge which killed Mr. Fitzltioy was H«nt from Mr. Humphrey's gun, and, as you know, the last time the two gentlemen were eeeu to gether Mr. Humphrey was carrying his own fowling-piece, while Mr. FitzRoy had given his to the servant. Mr. Humphrey's account of the matter is that he and his cousin parted company soon after they bad passed the Chellow Dene Works Mr. Fiultoy borrowed the gun, saying that he might come across some game on the moors near Heath Brows, and that it was too fine to go home. Mr. Humphrey ac quiesced, and turned towards the valley, but sat down near the weir, and only roused himself when the twilight began to fall. He was then tempted to spend lialf-an-liour or 80 at the ?' rush-berring,' having dined, and not fearing that you would be anxious. The murder must have been committted as he sat by tbe river; unfortunately, it was a lonely place— and, as he met no one, we cannot establish an alibi. Now, as you luiow.Lewip's evidence has gone terribly against him, for, as it stands, it BUpplies motive for the mur der. It was evident that the Coroner's jury believed that there bad been a bitter quarrel on account of Mr. FitzBoy's attentions to yourself. The mistress of the pcneiller's shed had been subpoenaed by the prosecu tion — she has talked about tile note, declaring that you said you had dropped it from your own pocket. The paper is curiously tinted, you see, aod very recognisable. What we must try to do is to prove that the note was intended for another person. It will be u great ouint in our favour if we can show that Mr. Humphrey was interfering or behalf of one of of his tenants, not of himself. Now, do you understand bow important your story is to us?' Mr. Leicester had spoken without consul ting his papers, and in the dear earnest voice of one who distinctly sees all sides of the question that is occupying him. LadySaudys had listened attentively, while Esther bent forward in her chair, her eyes fixed on him, her hands tightly clasped. She semed as if she wished to speak, but, for a moment, could not find any wordB. Lady SandyB broke into a little pause. ' Saranna Gibson 1 Cannot you subpama her?' she asked, 'I heard some story of her having left home.' Mr. Leicester shook his head. ' She is drowned,' he said, in a low voice. ' Her body was dragged up from the weir pool, to-night, ' Lady Sandys cxcliamed, and Mr. Berke ley looked up sharply from his notes. ' WemustBUbpoeua the father, Mr. Leices ter. You remember what he said to-night ?'' ' Aye.' ' If we can get a witness to swear that this note was intended for Saranna Gibson it will hi, us you Bay, a point of no little value. Surely this flirtation was gosBiped about in the village.' Lady Sandys shook her head, ' I do not believe anybody knew anything about it,' she said, ' though there may have been rumours.' ' I hope to goodness wcbIibII find someone who knew,' said Mr. Berkeley rather shortly, ' We can't afford to lose a valuable piece of evidence like this.' - -^ ' Why must it be lost ?' asked Esther, below her breath, fixing her earnest eyes upon the stranger's face. ' L am speaking the truth. I can tell all about it.' ' Aye, aye,' ho unuwered, morn gently than lie had yet spoken, ' but it Is not ad missible.' ' Why ?' ' You are Ilia wife,' Mr. Leicester ex plained, eompuMBionately, ' and the law debars you from becoming a witness.' {To be continued.) 