OntheEdgeofDoom CHAPTER XXIII. A GnoSTLY EAVESDHOPPER. Mr. Wray sat by tho library firo tho noxt night as the clock chimed tVvelve. Thoro was whisky beside him, and soda, but ho was not drinking, only staring at tho hearth and tap ping with his finger on his kneo, with the old action of driving in a nail. Tl,„ rl n Tr l.nrl L™ lnnn. . l,;,Ln„oln 'V '''6 I u™»uu°'r uu every one but Cristiane lo Marchant, who had drank in specious, covert admiration as a thirsty man drinks water. To Mrs. Trolane it had been one eifort of the nerves, not to givo way to her misgivings ; to Ismay tho hours had dragged, and yet flown, in hor fears that to-morrow might bo fraught with danger that could not bo evaded ; hor longing, that was yet a dread, for Cylmer's roturri. And, como what might, Wray must not soo thom together. Marcus, until ten o'clock, had been coldly uneasy, despite all his careful politeness. Since thon the deep lines about his mouth woro drawn less tightly, and yet tho look on his face did not reaBSure Helen Trelano as sho camo noisolessly into the room. ' Well, you liavo not over-exerted yourself to got liore !'' Ho did not stop the tapping that waB enough to got on an innocent woman's nerves. ' Do you know I havo beon waiting for an hour p Though, of course, I should bo at your disposal till four iu tho morning!' with sarcastic deference, 'I couldu'tcomo,' sho retorted. 'Cristiane camo to my room to brush lier hair, and I had to pretend to get ready for bed.' it tru.. i._'_ ? j ? j jjvmouwjf! x' ui u«i uuiuiunjr ureoBUU hair had been chaugod to a small coil that made hor ten yoars older. ' Woll, now you aro horo, I havo somo news !' ' Mark !' sho caught him by tho arm. ' Quick, tell me. Good or bad ? ' ' It is always ' Mark' when you are afraid of your nock !' His tone was smoothly un civil, his action openly brutal as he shook off her hand. ' Good, if ono can believe it;' lie took a telegram from his pocket. ' And don't you P' ' ' I've no particular l'oason to ; Van Hooft was always a liar,' coolly. ' Yot I think he knows it wouldn't pay to lie to me.' ' Who's Van Hooft ? Givo it to mo.' Sho snatchcd it from his hand. ' A henchman of mine in Amsterdam. Be good enough, peremptorily, ' not toJroad it at tho«top of your sweetly penetrating voice.' ' Thero's no one (to hoar.' But she did moderate tho strained pitch of hor voice a littlo. ' Tho parcol cannot bo traced boyond Paris, Will wire if any nows of it.' 'The parcel. Doos he moan tho diamonds p' sho oried, raging at his sullen calm. ' Why don't you answer P' ' Of course ho dooB, elso why would it bo good nows P' ' And you think ho may be deooiving you ?' 'I think he may bo fool onough to try to koep me quiet whilo ho saves his own skin.' ' Thon why don't you go and find out,' hor voice was harsh, ringing. 'Aro you going to sit horo and let us both bo ruined P' ' 1 am going to sit here, bocJauso I am afraid to bo* soon in oitlior Paris or Amster dam,'' ho returned as oareloasly ae if ho spoke of avoiding a draught of air. ' And because I'vo a good thing horo, aud tho soonor it's managed tho bottor.' Twico tho woman tried to spoak and could not. - ' What was in that paragraph, oxaotly P' sho said at last. ' Exactly this.' Ho drow out a clipping from his pocket-book and read it aloud. ' Thoro is at last somo cluo to tho mystory surrounding the death of tho lato Lord Abbotsford, whoso tragio ond ,our roadors will romombor. Somo of tho missing diamonds liavo beon found at Amsterdam by a oloyer doteotivo, and tlio tracing of thoir wholo his tory sinco thoir disappearance oan now bo only a rnattor of timo.' . ' You're sure that's all P' sho moistonod hor lips with his full tumblor of whisky and soda. ? 'Tt's onougli, isn't it? Oh, pray keep my drink !' as slio handed it to him. ' I profor a oloan glass,' ' Mnrk, you must soo,' wrotoliodly, 'that it's no timo to havo anino days' wondor hero. It would bo madness to draw a'ttoution to oithor of us, now.' Sho loaned forward, hag gard, imploring, ' I'll givo you any thing, all I liavo, if you only go away and lot tho girl bo. 'I told you before 'that was abjoafc rot,' ho oxolaimod icily. 'I'm not playing for tlio fow pounds you would forgot to send wlion I was out of your way. I moan to havo all this' -rglanoing around him — 'and Ismay, in a satin gown, to 'tako off my boots.' Por once his' calm was gonoj ho breathed sharply. Mrs, Trolano rocked to and fro in hor chair, with font* and loathing. ''She'll novor havo you,' sho said through' her tooth, 'malignantly. 'Thou you can swing,' said Mr, Wrny, with a significant fingor at his own throat. And this timo sho mado no protestation of hor iiiuooonoo, Anyone listening might woll have boliovod iu hor guilt. Whou sho spoke ? again hor voioo was hollow, liko a dying woman's, 'You oan't poison hor without boing found out,' Mr. Wray throwback hislioad nndiaughed uoiaelossly, as was his habit. Tho joko, for somo unknown roason, was apparontly an oxoo'llont ono. ' Doar lady, how your mind rovorts to a groovo,' ho said, surveying lior with half shut oyos that mado him moro hidoous than ovor. 'Your method in nob going to bo employed again,' and ho lauglioa onoo moro, unmercifully. , ' Mark,' bIio wits crying hysterically, ' don't laugh like that ! You'll kill mo if you laugh. You frighten me — I could scream — her sobs broke hor words. ' Tell mo what you mean and let mo go.' ' I mean an accident, then ; a common or garden accident. There couldn't bo any fuss about tbat; it might happeb to everyone. And the less you know about it the better. If you know you'd do something foolish, nnd tho whole thing would be mado a mess of,' ' It will put us both in our graves, never mind what I do.' Sho turned on him fiercely. ' Oh, you are a dovil, a devil I I wish I bad let George Campbell kill you that day you lied about his wife. Ho would have if I had not run in and ttopped hira ; and I wish L had been struck dead boforo I did it.' ' I have no doubt you do,' her passion moving him ns littlo as her tears had done. ' But you've wiped that debt off sinco.' Ho got up and pulled up tho blind, staring out into tho moonlight night. ' Does it interest you to know that it's freezing hard P And thero's not a breath of ? lolrn ' ' Nothing intorosts rao while you live to onrse my oyes,' she said with unutterable bitterness, and in the silencc of' the room ho laughed to himself. ' Then let me advise you to drink that whisky and go to bed,' ho said, dropping tho blind and turning around. ' Also to rejoice that you, will not encounter any ono in the passages,' glancing distastefully at tlio chan nels hor tears had marked through her powder. ' You have proparod mo for a good night's rest,' sho returned heavily, opening the door aud making a few Bteps into the dark hall outside. The next minute sho flow back again. ' Mark, quick — for heaven's sake ! There's somo one, something, thoro. I can't go.' 'You don't mean you are believing in that crazy lio of Thomns?' ho said aftor a con temptuous survey of tho empty hall, lamp in hand. ' Thero isn't a creature stirring.' ' He bolieveB it ; Jessio believes it.' ' And in spite of that they also believe that wuen anyono cues iney go eioner io neii or to heaven,' ho jeered, ' Can't you see tho thing's nbsurd P' 'But I hoard something. I did, indeed. Oh, I'm norvous, unstrung. I can't face those dark stairs and passages. You will have to go up with mo.' ' Becauso Thomas is. hanging round to seo that all the lights aro out,' shrugging his shoulders. ' I suppose neither of those two girls would como down for anything.' Mrs. Trolano sli6olc hor head. 'Thomas thinks wo are ail in bod. Ho hasn't left a light anywhore. Jossio sleeps in a room off Cristiane's ; sho would never lot her get out of her bod. And Ismny, — oh, Mnrk ! even Is may is afraid here at night. Sho lockB hor door and won't opon it till daylight — for fear.' ' Thon sho has her weak sido, for all hor airs.' He moved, lamp in hand, to tlio foot of tho stairs. xuuro, x ii may nero nn you aro in your room,' ho said, resignedly. ' I wonder why woraon were creatod cowards.' But slio did not answer bim. As quickly and almost as lightly as Ismay, sho had sped up tho stairs and was groping through tho dark hall above their own room. When sho reached it sho was brenthlcss ; for just as Ismay had said, she had heard that faint foot fall, coming oloser ovory minuto ; inexorable, ghostly, ;in tlio silent house- whero no ono walked save slio and Marous Wray. Tho lattor had hoard nothing, nor would he have cared if ho had. In so old a houso night noisos woro a foregone conclusion. . Ho returned to his noglocted whisky and soda, ond a cigar. But thero was no bite to tho whisky, no taste in tho tobacco. His mind was not as easy ns he liked, in spite of his friend in Amsterdam. Thoro had boon a weak point in tho underground caroor of tliOBO diamonds, and Mr. Wray know it. ' What has to bo dono must bo done at once,' ho said aloud, strotcliing out his long logs in Sir Gaspard's ohair. ' And then I'll bo off to lie low till I can reap tho harvest. My old friend horo can't osoapo mo, oven if sho dared to try. And tho woathor ' has turned cold,' his voioo ohnngod abruptly, as if Bomothing ploasod him. ' It's freezing hard ! Your luok sticks by you, Marcus !' with a strident, mirthlesB laugh. ' If all goes woll tho day after to-morrow will soo the fair Holon an heiress, aftor which I shall spend a fow months living retired — in Boliomia ! Lord bless tho place,' piously. Yawning, ho extinguished tho licht. and wont unstnirs to bed. This country lifo was at present convoniont ; in futuro would bo jn'ofitablo ; but it was cortainly doadly dull. ' To-morrow I'll amuse myself with ray doar friend and woll-wishor, Ismay,' ho roflootod. ' I liko to seo hor hato .me ; it adds to tho ploasuro of having hor undor my .fingers. Hullo !' as ho stood in his door, cnndlo in hand (tho oandlo ho would not givo Holon Trolano for puro devilry), ' what's that P' Prom somowhoro far off a tinkling tuno oamo softly, yot oloarly ; an unearthly sound in tho midnight hush. ' Wray sworo. ' Thomas is. up to somo gamo, I suppose, and I'm damnod if I know why ! But fl'll olioko him off now, onco for all.' And ho oxoeratod Thomas and all his ancestors with groat thorough noss and dispatch as ho started in soaroh of tlio mystoriouB sound, kicking off his patent loathor slippors that ho might stoal unsoen on tho ovring Thomas, At tlio head of the stairs tho tnuBio ooased, not sud )donly, but with tho ourious falling cadonoo that mnrked tho ond of tho timo. But music wns lost on Mr. Wray. ' I'vo got off tho track,' ho thought, de scending onoo moro, somewhat gingerly in his stocking foot. 'Oh, tho dovil I' for tho instant ho was in tho lowor passage tho air tinldod out again' with a -mocking light ness. 'I will find tho boastly musical box if I havo to stay up all night.' Ho lot oandlo groaso drip on liis dross coat iu his annoy anoo. Tho sound certainly oamo from abovo him, and ho ran up again, utterly careless if lio woro hoard or not, Thoro was only an otnpty passngo to bo soon, door aftor door on oaoh sido of it. Ho' flung thom opon, ono by ono, but puly tlisusod bodrooms mot his nor u tiny. Aa ho throw tho fifth door wido his oandlo wont out, not quickly, but slowly, ns if spmothiiig ailod tlio wiok. Dim and bluo it faded slowly, and tho musio that had soomod so noar was gouo, A oloud was ovor tho moon ; ho' oould not boo a yard into tho room in front of hirn, but tho samo oold disused air met him that ho had folt in all tho othor rooms. No human oooupunt had cortainly boon up horo for many a day, not ovoaa porfunotory housomaid. 1 ' Thomas and his remarkable ghost seem to be founded on fact,' he thought angrily, jurred in spite of himself, by that Blow fading of his light. ' Well, they can play till dooms day for all I care; but first I will mako sure of Thomas !' Ho stumbled down to his own room in tho dark, stubbing his toes unmercifully. Then with a relit candle he Bought tho small room next the butler's pantry, whore Thomas dwelt to guard his silver. The door was ajar, the old man peacefully sleeping, in no counterfeited slumber. Who over was disturbing the house, it was not tho gray-haired servant. Once moro Mr, Wray sought his bedroom, stopping only to try Ismay's door with infinite caution. It was lockod, hard and fast, , ' The hypocritical littlo devil,' ho muttered, 'who told me that she was never afraid of anything, and is terrified by a musical box i that some servant winds up at night ! It's just as well, though. I don't want Miss Ismay's company of an evening when I am talking business with her charming mother,' ismay, seated somewhat breathless on her bed, shook with iinpotentrago at that cautious hand on her door, lt Insolent wretch !' sho thought furiously. ' I hope those doctored library candles were a success. Who would think a schoolgirl trick of a thread soaked in saltpetre and run through with a fine needle would over como in so usefully. But that was only a side show, 'Tho day after to-morrow,' ho said — and * an accident.' What can ho havo iu his mind P Oil if T nnlt, A „,i Jf — 1„ -*.r:i ? ? l.i J ' — '''J 11 uuijf 11JU IUO WUU.UI como back. I could die with this awful feel ing that it is something of my own mother's that was found in that room. ' Oh, Miles, if I could only toll you I If you wero only working with mo, instead of against mo. I could defy Marcus Wray. But I'm frightened, frightened' ? Sho was weak with the vision flashing bo fore hor of disgrace, of tho police, of dis covery. Of Miles' face whon ho know and in them sho forgot- tho most important words Wray had spoken that night, though bIio had heard them well onough. ' And tho weather's changed. It is freezing hard.' They carried Cristiane's lifo and doatt, and hor own fate hung on thom, aud shrowd as sho was, Ismay overlooked tliom. (To bo continued.') 