IN DEATH'S PROTECTION. [Bx ALAS OSCAR, M.A.P.l Á heavy, wet sea-fog, oat of whian ga '".-thundered. < Conviot escaped,' mattered the people the villages, moat of them with a hope th he might get olear away. On the outskirts of cae of the village.*, gloomy looking house, standing in its on grounds, and surrounded by ornament dumps of evergreens. It has been occupii now for some months, by strangers, a vida sod her son ; nose seemed to know thei they had no visitors-they were, to tl country folk, a mystery. 11 must be near him, Chris,' was tl widow's plea to her remaining son. 1 know he is innocent, and I like to feel th; he is not far away-and yet how far 1' But, though, the conviot in the gre prison waa entered in the books as Exbai the widow and her son were known i Murray, Thegloom thickened as night approachei darkness wonld Boon settle over oil. Through the driving mist, whioh was no turning to rain, a man approached tl house. For the last ten minutes he hs been lying beneath the dripping shelter of Portugal laurel. Now, at the sound ( distant voioes, he had crept from h hiding place. He looked round in despai Through the thickening gloom he oonl jost discern the boase. Above thelowi windows a heavy string-course ran ; it gai ' him an idea ; there were bnt a few moi minntea ot daylight left ; if he oonld olim np there he would be Bafe for the nci eight hoars or so. He thought it aeeme possible : there was a waterspout, and som fairly stout vines of "Virginia creeper. Tb voioes came nearer, he sprang forward, an after a minute of wild exertion lay fa length noon the atone ledge, panting fe breadth, -,' The voices were cloie by; he had bee: juBt in time. . ' In here yon Baw him, eh ?' , , .Ay, measter ! I sin mun 'bout quarti honr agone I1 ' In here, men 1 Spread yourselves 1' 'Highton!' 'Two of you to back, . Keep ehar Iook-ont-now I Toa stay ' along o' nu Thompson I' A pealing ring at the door , bell,- the: \- silent walting. The man on the ledge listened, holdin¡ his breath. , ' Now, yoong woman, who lives here?' ' Mrs, Murray,. officer-will, yon. kind!, speak soft.', . _ ti Then a man's votoe*. I . What's this-what do you want ?' ' . ' Want enough, air. :. One of the oonviot escaped this afternoon and was ttaoed here, .'HereI' .- ? ?.. ,.";..-?"?]? .. 'Tea sir-Been only a few minutes ago I must ooma. , in, please, and searoh th noose.' . . ~~ . ' That you oan'o do-nj,;¿3ío3HÍtUet dangerously ilk' ^.^rf «Afraid_w^'3B^hough.. . ppMaôther voice. ,,. Ah, Sergeant Makepeace I Look here it'a impossible, yon know. I Shan't allon yon in without a search warrant. '. wouldn't answer for my patient's life Kn, Murray ts dangerously ill-dring J fear. 'Well, Dr, Stewart, yon see, air, it's I serious business-and you a magistrate.' . ' Yes, Makepeace ; and for that reaaon 1 tell you to get» warrant-if yon oan. Why man, the prisoner wouldn't bo snob, a fool ai to ooma here.' ' I don't know, air-they generally rani into some silly place or'othcr- besides, he waa seen--' ' Ab, well-you'll have to atay outside the door, and that's all about it. If we And him inside, why-we shall know what to do with him.' The dootor could not have eiplained what made him hesitate in the middle of hil ?peech, an absurd ghost of an .idea had orosaed his mind that the wretched oonviot might have hidden there after all. The sergeant and his man turned reluc- tantly away ai the door olosed softly behind them. Night had fallen, and the thick drizzle made it dark as a grave. ' H'll be off Bare as a gun. We'll search the outhooBea and keep a watoh anyhow, This rain hasn't been falling long enough to soften the gronnd ; there'll be no tracks to follow. I'll get a warrant though.' As they walked away, the hunted creature on the ledge drew a breath of relief, and, letting his. head lie on his arms, heard through the silence of the night the soft hiss of the rain as lt fell all around bim. At any rate, he had time for consideration, For half-an-honr he lay there in the daile ness, his head buried in his arms, perfeotly secure, and thankfol fox the breathing E, He was thinking hard what ho ld do next. The soft, warm summer le enveloped him and melted him to " the akin. At last it began to chill him. In discomfort he raised himself from his warm place, and shivered. A ray of light shot \- ont into the darkness in front of bim-» window 1 He crept toward! it, then, cautiously raising his head, he peered in. An empty bedroom-a man'a room by the garments banging on the door. He might climb in and Bteal a suit of olothes I It waa a casement window and unlatched. He had almost sorewed his nerve up to this venture when he heard a voice ; another window had been opened further along. He shrank against the wall. The voioea ceased. ' I'll see who they are,' he said, and again he crept onward. With infinite oare he raised his head, and found be oonld look right into the room past the edge of the blind. Two men stood with their backs towards him. They were looking down upon someone in bed. They spoke in low murmurs. Presently the younger turned so that his side faae came into view. The watoher, with a sudden gasp, shrank back, ' Chris I' he whispered, astounded. ?What waathat? Did yon hear?' ? ? rio, I heard nothing,' said the dootor. ' What ia it 7' murmured the eiok woman, ' Nothing, mother ; bat I fanoied I heard someone oall 'Chris ?' The man outside had again laid himself flat on the atone ledge; he was trying to gather his Nattered wits. 'Chris 1 By all that's merciful, tb ey've come here to he sear me I That man at the door Bald 'Mrs. Murray' waa ill. Can it be mother nader a falee name ? If BO, I'm safe I' . For sudden Illumination had come ; he had deoided what to do. - He crept baokward to the window into whioh he bad first looked. ' By George I I'll ohanoe it, anyhow,' he said, and, listening a moment, raised himself . and climbed in. Then he olosed the win- dow and drew down the blind. Quiokly he stripped himself of every stitoh ot olothing, flinging it nuder the bed. Then he went to the washstand and sorubbed vigorously at his hands and faoe ; having got these fairly olean, he deliberately aearohed tho drawers and presses, and, ohooelng the garment« whioh seemed mott suitable, dressed himself from head to foot. Then, going to the glass, he surveyed the result. ' Yes, I shall puBB,' he Raid, for he saw a good-looking, gentlemanly fellow, dressed ia quiet taste, who had a quasi-nautical look due to his clcso-shaven face. 'I must run the ohanoe of tho house being searohed. HawklnB would know me if they bring him along. I don't believe any of the other wardirs would. Well, now to see Chris,' and, having put out the lamp, ho quietly opened the door. Within tho next room death was at hand, and tho dying mother wailed for her missing son. ' Why is he so long in ooming ?' ' Tell her he has been eent for,' whispered the dootor ;'it will quiet her.' Chris bent over and whispered. ' Yes,' she said, ' I know-and his inno- cence Ia proved.' ' Yes, mother,' faltered Ort«, ' A-h I -Me-muBt-make-haste,1''. There was a silent pause. - . ' 'Why doesn't ha come ?' And again there waa a pause. Soddenly she called ' Dick, my dear boy 1' . ' Here I am, dear mother 1' The two others tamed in amassment. Chris shivered and his nerves crawled, the doctor merely wondered. Sick advanced to the bed. 'Tell ker you're pardoned-innocent,' gapped Chris. Diok bent over and whispered. His mother clasped him and tears filled her dying eyes. 'Thank God !' she murmured. Bat the excitement had hastened the end. In a few minutes the three Btood silent by a corpse. At last Diok spoke. ' Have the police gone ? I suppoBO yon know I've etea ped V ' Eaoaped I' 'Tee.' * Bat you are all dressed and-' 'Yes. Dressed-in your room.' 'Didn't yon hear the police at the door then?' ' Yes ; I was outside on the ledge.' ' Great Heaven I Then what are we to do ? Where are yonr other things ?' ' Under the bed in your room, Ohrip.' ' Bat-you're not safe here I I shouldn't wonder if they come back. They are baok 1' For the door-bell rang. ' Oh, Dootor Stewart, what shall we do ?' said Chris. .Ban and bring bi« things in here, qniok I' Chris ran. They dang them under the bed of death. . Hardly had they done so when the house- maid was at the door. « 'Please, sir, here's the p'Jioeman baok, and says he's got a warrant tosearoh the house.' 'Let him come up,'' said the dootor, extinguishing ono cf the candles as he spoke. Diok took a long breath-then looked round-there seemed to be no. way of escapa,' The three listened Bilently to the Bteps coming upstairs. As the sergeant entered, holding ont the searoh warrant, the dootor pat a finger on his lips, and Bald,'Hush 1' The policeman halted. - . 1 Bo yon were bonnd to trouble ns, eh !' whispered, the dootor, ' M », Murray bas just died ; there will be no need for you to searoh Mi« room?' ' Well-no, sir,' faltered the sergeant, 'bot might we have a. bit more light j UBt for a minnte V 'Oh, certainly,' said the dootor, and be lit the other oandle with unsteady hand. ' These are Mr*. Murray's two sons.' 5fine man lifted his eyes-the young men aced him-he looked perplexedly at Dick, and seemed to be trying to remember some- thing. It was a moment of Intense strain. The dootor broke the oppressive silence. ' Yon oan poet one of yonr men at the door, yon know.' 1 Yea, sir ;. and, of coarse, yog bshV a magistrate--' . : ' Yes, yes, that's «jU^Kt/88id the dootor. The eergeauí-gíinted ! then turned, and walked^lasjlfthrongh the doorway. ^'-Fhew I' ejaculated Diok. The offioer halted and looked round. The three stood staring at him waiting his departure. Somehow he felt that all was not right. With hesitation he again turned, and passed oat of the room with his attendant, ' Who was that feller like, 'AwkinB ?' 'Didn't notioe'im, sergeant.' ' Someone I koo«. Dashed if I oan think who I Well, yon stay hete at the door. I'm going through the house, dead or no dead.' The search was, of course, without effeot, and the sergeant was about to leave the house when a thought struck him. He went book to the death ohamber. ' Might I see them two yoong gents again for a minnte, dootor ?' ' Yes, I suppose so. But there's only one now ; the elder had to go-funeral arrange- ment«, you know.' . ' What I lu the night, slr V ' Yee. There's a night train yon know. Here's Mr. Christopher Hurray'.' The sergeant stared at the young man. ' Well, Bir, yow faoe seems familiar, too,' He looked sharply, questionably to the dootor, who returned a Btolid stare. ' Hanged if I know I' he muttered. ' Ab, well I good night, gentlemen both.' And he went out. Last year the member for Montgomery, Tasmania, visited the old country. He had a memorial brue set np in Tborney Charon to "Laura Exham, by her loving son Biohard,' ' Bat, Murray, that's not your name ?' qneried the friend who was with him, 1 It was once,' said the honourable member. The friend did not reply. It does not do I to bs too inquisitive as to people's relations in Colonial society. ' What's that great bnilding ?' asked the friend at they came ont of the aharon. 'That? Oh, that's - a - er -eonviot prison.' 