MY^UNCL.E'S GHOST , . . BY FRANCIS FGOTE. One rainj evening lait week I lounged te&mj; uncle's 'bachelor apartments, at the j hotel for a talk and smoke. One 'of my ?-! uncle's hobbies was to be surrounded at all \- ? times by young men ; and,' indeed, he'Bfeemed ' little more than a boy himself in feelings, although be had passed his fiftieth birthday. And we were all devoted to ' the major,' as we called him — I believe . that was his title during the war. There was no one so willing to offer a helping hand when we were in a college scrape ; no one who wonld loan money so readily when an allowance fell short ; there was no one with such a fund of experiences from which to draw for amusing or thrilling tales; And then his wines and cigars were unimpeachable. . On this particular evening I found him stretched out before the fire, his eyes fixed reflectively upon the ceiling, as he blew huge rings of smoke from bis pipe. 'How are you, Tom I' be said, lazily; 'you're saved me from myself by coming in. It hu been such a nastysnrt of a day, and an evening like this 1 always mope, and think of my ghost.' ' i'our ghost ?' I echoed. ' Why, yes ; you know I have the pleasure of owning one. Do you mean that I. have never told you the story ?' I say ' No,' emphatically, and the major's face grew radiant with the anticipated pleasure, for the one thing which he enjoyed above all others was a good story told by him self ; and they were always good. ' Order whatever you wish, Tom,' he said. 'I'll take a drop, of brandy straight, and ? you . will find tbe best cigars on the top shelf.' At last we were comfortably settled, and after a preliminary swallow of brandy he began. ' It was about. fifteen years ago, and I was j on my way to Chicago. The trains didn't go j right through as tbey do now. and slopped j oftener. It might have been five o'clock in j the evening, and we had one more night to . j ride, when the train began to slow up, finally ; ?topping at a small station, and a young J woman came into the car. j 'The seats were pretty well occupied, and i when she reached me she asked if she might have the other half of mine. Of course I ?aid ' Yes.' There was plenty of room, and ?he only had a bit of a bag with her. 44 You know I never was much on women, but I can tell a pretty one when 1 see her. | and a lady. She was both, although her , dress was plain and black, and hergloves had j been neatly mended in several places. I had j a number of books and papers, the most en- j tertaining of which I offered her, and when / she thanked me, her voice was the sweetest J I have heard — low soft and musical. j ' By Jove !' said the major, excitedly, si j he reached for the brandy, ' I know that woman would sing with her whole soul ; aha couldn't have helped it with that voice. 'Well,' he continued, 'she took np * book, but Bhe didn't read much ; just turned the pages at random, and sighed softly to herself every little while, as if she were un happy or in trouble. When the, conductor came through she called him and asked about a berth. ' ? I am sorry.' he said ; 4 you should have telegraphed. We are very full, and there Is nothing but an upper one left. Yon would like a whole section ?' ' ' I would,' she replied ; ' although a lower berth would do. You are sure you cannot ac commodate me ?' j 144 I'm sorry, miss, but I don't see how,' j and that burly conductor did seem sorry, ont ! of sympathy, as he 6aw tbe troubled expres- * ?ion in the girl's face. ' Then I spoke. — I have a whole section to myself,' I said, ' and I always prefer the uppir ber'h ; ?o if you will take the low I shall be most happy to resign it to yon.' This was a lie, for I bad never slept in one before, but she was pretty enough and unhappy enough to warrant a lie of that kind. ' 1 shall never forget tlie glance she gave me. I had not noticed fcc-r eyes before, but now they lit up her whole face. They were a deep violet, almost purple, with dark depths, and thick black lashes which cast shadows on ber pale cheeks. Yes, she was very pale, you would have called herill until you saw her lips, which were like a strip of scarlet on the snow. Another thing I noticed was a tiny scar, which looked as if it had been made by some sharp instrument, just below her left temple. ' I tried to talk with her, for she interested me deeply, but although she answered me pleasantly, she said nothing by which I could discover who she was. where she was going, or why she was travelling alone. 'Juit before it was time to make up the berth she grew very nervous, twisting and untwisting her bands, and tapping her foot. She glanced at me once or twice, but to all appearances I was deep in my book. ' * I've got to do it,' 1 heard her say in the faintest possible voice. Indeed, poor child, 1 don't believe *he knew that she spoke aloud, so occupied was she with her own ' thoughts. 'In a few moments she spoke again, still ; talking to herself, — ' They most never find him about me. It : would spoil all, and I would never — ' j 'I lost the next two words, but they ! sounded like 'disgrace him.' She seemed i aware then that she had spoken aloud, and looked quickly at me. I turned a page of my book and settled back farther into my comer. Then she opened her little bag and took from it a ipicture. As near as I could make i cut it was the likeness of an aristocratic ; young man with biue eyes and smiling j lips. ' She looked at it for about fifteen minutes longingly, passionately, then she kissed it' fervently under cover of her handker- i chief. 1 ' After that, she covered it with both ; hands, gave one little sob, and then began to ; tear that picture into inch bits. ! ' ' Ah, ah, a lover's quarrel I I thought ; j and yet it didn't seen like that. It was too ' serious ; like a parting forever. I ' In a little while she turned to me. She ?] was paler than ever, and the old scar was i brighter. I ''Will you please open the window?' ?he asked. ' I have something to throw ! away.' , ' I did as she wished, and she scattered j the fragments of that photograph to the four j winds^ She drew a breath of relief. ! 11 'Now that is over the itht will be j comparatively easy,' she said this time to | «ae ' I ^^at be easy,' I ventured. j ** 4 Pardon me for speaking my thoughts to \ ? a st ranger,' she replied. « I suppose I mean life will be easier while we live, and death when we die.' ' ' Life' should alwayB be easy for one as young as yourself,' I said, gallantly. ' She tamed her beautiful eye« toward me ?gMn, and her glance was like a isbock from ft battery. In their depths I saw both joy jna sorrow, passion and pain, while she said, ?lowly,— ' . ' 'j*1® easy must be sweet. Mine has been sweet,' with an emphasis on the ?Jn .n11 *ii V30 .BWeet last 5 bnt now — well,, all will be n^ht in the future, I have no xaar. Ana she turned away. ? ? «m^y{la?i.COUWOnIy'make hW 'P8* I that ,whole car fuH had settled I .t0 try and e*'11 tbe little ? be found' Everything quiet, and I shut my eyes and taednot to notice tbe jar of the train, or the occasional groan of the engine. - , ' w« » little, scraggly, p*le Uovem ^ g'e me a chai as I looted r 5® lmaPne a' sorts of ; fought I heard a stifled «gh omce or twice from the berth below. I «emed to notice a faint, unpleasant. '- ! Sw ;n J i,1?7 ?eMe8 were abnormally . ^n old traveller 1 J ▼?ry much ashamed of mvBelf. *? 'Ieep ' ^tle it wM to f ISt * hand-to-hand . should we the important business « JEew.-aUtions. BUiid that I wonld have a. little talk with the young lady before I left the car. In tfcs morning when I arose I want to tbe front platform for some fresh air. When I entered the car again almost all my fellowpassen gers were visible, but that berth nnder mine TOy bear my- topp^-pia«-i|^nid aoi«o Without eayi ng good-by. The porter passed thnrngh. £ called to him and told him that then was* lady In that berth who had hot jet been heard from. She might be «iek. »' He mat to the berth directly, and made *bo ftartled exclamation- The passengers | began to crowd around. There she lay, the lashes resting thick on her cheeks, her .lies. itill^htit-wMllertuT^sreliflri^, butrherface was like marble, her bauds were ice, atid her -heart-^-ah ! there was no action there. j She was dead !- yi ?4 By her side was a bottle balf-Slled, with, laudanum, which showed that she had taken her own life. '- . ' I did not wait foe anything more, to hear the criticisms and the questions as to who ' Bhe was. ahd why she did it. *1 'just took one^ long, parting look, and touched her pretty brown hair ; then 1 went out to the platform-, again, and remained there until I reached my ' station.' The major emoked violently for a few moments. But where does the ghost come in?' I asked at length. ' The ghost 1' he said, with a suggestion of passion in his voice, which I had never heard there before ; ' she is the ghost. Her pale face, black dress, and violet eyes, have haunted me more, or less ever since. I can hear her sweet, musical voice as plainly, to day, when I will allow myself, as I did then, and it was ^fifteen years ago. There is a place in my heart now for those poor little mended gloves, which were in themselves a pathetic story. . ' I am never onduty atnight that she does not stand Tjefore me with That little troubled expression, and that pleading look, until'I reach out my arms to touch her, then she vanishes, and I know it was — you will say an illusion, p- fancy — I call it her ghost. 'How many times have I wished that in Boroe way £ had gained possession of that man's picture. I would have pasted them together if it bad taken half a lifetime and then I would have found him. I would have revenged that poor girl for tbe wrong he'had j done. Yes, wrong, lor I know that in some : way he had -driven her -to her death. Per- j baps that is why ][ have heVer married. I can't tell. I only know that I. have never yet met a women who could be to me what her memory is ; and I saw her but once ; she was not even a name to me ; of herself, her character, I know nothing, and lam called * | man of tbe world. ! 'And yet, boy,' he exclaimed, turning to me, his face gray with passion, ' I am happier on a dark, stormy night like this, in the prospect of coming home to be with her — spirit, her memory, if you will, than I should be if I knew .mother, a real woman, was waiting to iling soft arms about my neck, to kiss me with tenderest lips. Forgive me, Tom : I seldom spsakof my own feelings and emotions, but perhaps now you can faintly understand how much reality there can be even in a frhost.' The major bad gained complete control of himself once more, and was nodding good humoredly over bis pipe' as if romance, women and he had always been, as they always would be-strartjers. 