WHAT GOD HAS DONE FOR AUSTRALIA. A SERMON BY THE REV. E. I. WATKIN, D.D. CONCLUDED. OUR fathers came from that land of which Elihu Burritt said that it was God's laboratory, in which he had placed diversed national elements, and out of these had manufactured the English-speaking race, the race to which had been entrusted the task of colonizing the waste places of the earth. In considering our political privi- leges, we should not forget that the British Empire has received a salutary but sad lesson in colonial government prior to the beginning of our history. She had lost the United States. We in Australia have had more of liberty from the beginning because of the lessons which British politicians then learned. Time does not permit of re- ference being made to the hand of God as seen in our history prior to the gold discovery. But when the magnetic influence of gold attracted to Australia men of all nationalities and creeds, when thousands of immigrants landed on our shores every week, what a blessing it was to the land that there came among them so many strong men and women in physique, in intellectual, and moral character, who brought with them from the old land their love of the Sabbath, their reverence for the sanctuary, their respect for the grey head, their sympathy with the suffer- ing. These have been "the salt of the earth." Let the facts which have been mentioned be remembered by Aus- tralians. Oh ! if there be a people who ought to be grateful to the Most High, we are that people. "He hath not dealt so with any nation." As Aus- tralians, we ought often to use the words of Rudyard Kipling's reces- sional hymn, and sing :— Lord God of Hosts, be with us yet, Lest we forget ! lest we forget ! Sprung from such an ancestry, in- heriting such political privileges, with such a land given us by God, com- mencing our history with no heritage of slavery like that with which the United States was cursed, we ought to write the grandest history which the world has ever known. We can only do this by remembering the truth written in capital letters on the pages of universal history, "Righteousness exalteth a nation." Nations, like individuals, have their probations. They rise, they flourish ; God gives them opportunities for serving humanity, and if they use their power to oppress, national sin, sooner or later, is followed by national punish- ment. If nation sows to the wind, it reaps the whirlwind. God does not settle His accounts with nations every generation, but He does reckon with them. The mills of God grind slowly, But they grind exceeding small. Though he stands and waits with patience, With exactness grinds he all. God in His dealings with sinful nations comes with leaden feet, but He strikes with iron hands. Look at the nations of antiquity—the Egyptian, the Persian, the Greek, the Roman, they have ceased to be the great powers of the world because of their want of righteousness. Cleopatra's Needle, that granite obelisk which was first of all erected on the banks of the Nile, and on which the eyes of Abraham, Jacob, Joseph, and Moses may have gazed hundreds of years ago, has been transported over the sea, and now stands on the Thames embankment. An Australian might look up at that pillar, standing now near the mightiest city which the world has ever seen, and he might soliloquise thus—"That pillar has looked down on the Egyptian, the Greek, the Roman, the Arab, and the Briton." The Egyptian knew how to build and manufacture. The Greek came from the land where liberty set up her mountain home, the land of heroes and artists, of poets and philosophers, the land of Solon and Lycurgus, of Leonidas and Socrates. The Roman knew how to conquer and govern, and his empire reached from the ice-girt Baltic to the sands of the Sahara, from the Pillars of Hercules to India. The Arab had fiery valour and carried the green standard of the prophet on its path of conquest in Africa and Europe. But Egyptian and Greek, Roman and Arab, have ceased to be dominant nations because they lacked righteousness. Britain has her time of probation ; should she forget God, and use her power selfishly, to tyrannise over, instead of protect, subject nations, then her sun will set, and the time will come when foreigners from other lands may find on the site of London a ruined city, and meditate there on the decline and fall of nations. Spain once was the mightiest nation in Europe, how splendid her position on the world's map the Mediterranean to the east, and the Atlantic to the west ; had she welcomed the reformed faith instead of meeting it with the fagot, the scaffold, the thumb-screw, and all the horrors of the Inquisition, how different her history might have been to day ; but she expelled the Jew and the Moor 400 years ago, and now Spain ranks very low among the European nations because she has lacked righteousness. We in Audtralia, will have our national probation ; if we fail to re- cognise God, if we take His gifts and forget the Giver, if we break His Sabbaths, if we make the sporting newspaper our Bible, and worship muscle as a divinity, whether on the cricket field, the football ground, or the racecourse, then God will have to use the "rod of His anger." Reference had already been made to the fact that the name of Australia was first given to the island near New Caledonia, now called Espirtu Santo, but the original name of which was the Australia of the Holy Ghost. The first explorer of part of Victoria was Major Mitchell, who left Sydney in 1836, and crossing the Murray, found his way through the magnificent Western District of Victoria, struck the sea at Henty's settlement at Portland, then returning, passed the Pyrenees, Mount Alexander, and Mount Macedon, and turning home- wards when near Hobson's Bay, he returned to Sydney. He wrote a glowing description of the land he had explored, and gave to it its earliest name of Australia Felix, or Australia the Happy. We shall only make Aus- tralia as a whole Australia the Happy, just in propoetion as it becomes the Australia of the Holy Ghost. An old identity named Smyth passed away at North Williametown on Wednesday at the age of 84. Harvest Festival services in the Congregational Church, to-morrow. A cycling aind athletic club formed at Yarraville to assist charitable insti- tutions. 