f iSJ1 I tr^i 1 w ft H An r-S ??' (By COOYAL) ' VE^NflGHT AMONG THE 'CADAVER5. ?? (CONCLUDED;) ' . I tried to assure this unpleasant shadow that I was not to blame for tho inconvenience to which ho had been subjected, and that henceforth I'd do my best to make him comfortable. 'Comfortable, Is it ? How can you expect me to be comfortable when them two cadavers Is nllus nbawlin* and grumblln' and disturbln' of my re pose '/' I laughed right out at the idea of this broken- necked monster's repose. 'You may laugh, but If I wasn't a ghost I'd make yer In ugh t'other side o' yer fater-trap, yer blooming1, snig gering scribbler.' Happily, tho thing's bones wore mar rowless, iunl its eyes, or rather whore the eyes should be, hnd no speculation, and I could afford to laugh heartily aa It glided like a shadow to the rear. Hut there was more fun In store for me, and really, I had become so amused at what had taken place that whatever mirprlse I had felt at llrst had depurted, and I was just as collect ed as though my uncanny visitors were really delusions, or the puppets In a marionette show, for after the mur derer came his executioner. The pen umbra surrounding this skeleton show ed a thin, white-faced, nerveless look ing form, and its voice was slinky and undecided. 'Alas ! poor ghost !' 1 pitied It— It was so undecided in speech, so dlttideul In manner. Us almost amorphous lips moved indistinctly, but i'liovor ti word came from that empty shell until I asked what I could do for It. 'Wo-il, you kco, It's Ju-u-st this. ' I ,,h-o»t u-not only a go-o-d billot through ? tha-itirt fel-low, b-b-ut my H-fo also, aim ?it'a to-o bn-ad 't-t-o dump lii-ino. do-o-wn so clo-so to him. I wasn't a huang man fro-o-m cho-lcu, but fro-m neces aity. I to-ok the b-bll-it be-cauae I was ' st'/ir-ylng,- and hadn't time to-o ga-ln strength. I'm aw-ful-ly un-hap-py ! Shift me if-if yo-u can, and I'll nov nover come up n-gaiu.' And this poor apology for u ghost vanished, unothet taking its place instnnter. This was the shadow of a Chinaman, skeleton qultu complete. It said: '1'ou know a me V Uni name (Jhoong Yow.' This was the name of a China man we hnd Interred the week before, reputed to be a wealthy man, and the heaps of sucking pig, rice, cnkiw, and other I'lilngH, to nay nothing of bottles of spirits, which bin countrymen left ' for our men to consume, gave color to the assumption. '.My place Macao; 111) down Ooulbu'n-stleel; make, uni sofa, table, supe; got plenty money, then die don' know how; thlnkee too muchce . ilnm' opium. Welly bad ! No good die when got plenty dollah and nice wife yes, no ganinion, welly good-looklu' Avonian ! When my countleeman go way, Ingleezeinan jump In hole, pilch out. muck, open coppln, and takee nllee money out— lot money to pay passage to Macao, lie pull me 'bout— and now I no get. to Macao— can't go at all now — stopee bore alee time foah cbbiih. You see 'urn man geltee slovlln'. hulf Hlovllu', lots sllbnh, and Ht-nd 'inn up to lock - up. That's iillee. (iood nlghtee.' Hang It, I thought, this Chow has a Just cause, of complaint; anyhow, he was polite, and In thin respect put to shame our boasted Caucasians. Almost Imperceptibly the Mongolian's place was taken by a tall, fair, girlish figure (an seen by the semi-transparent shape surrounding the nucleus) just merging Into womanhood. She wiih robed in (he usual eerementn of the dead, and I noticed, by the dis arrangement of tho head covering, that her htilr had been cut off. Bhe, ad dressed me abruptly in this wine: 'Will you avenge an Insult— a wrong , . to a woman ?' 'If It bo possible, my dear young lady. Tell me your trouble,' said I. 'No matter who I was— my name or station in life. I was 111— mad with trouble and died. When 1 died, my hair ' was still on my head. Now, you sec. (lifting the white covering)), it is gone —stolen; and, oh ! it wus beautiful— such long, bright, golden locks-tlie beautiful hair they all admired micl'' caressed. Who '/ Never mind. They are thieves at that hospital. My beau tiful hair. You know 1 was buried as a pauper. Ye«, that Ik It .' 'i'was those abominable men, 1 feel sure. Oh, how I have been robbed ! I had plenty ot money, too, yet they took me to tho hospital, where they killed mo. They robbed me both before and after death; and now this wretched frame of bones rests hi a pauper's grave, among mur derers, Chinamen, hangmen, ami other bad characters. Oh, what would my dear mother and sister say did they but know V You will II nd them out untl tell; but no, do not; they must never know ! My number is 1,000,1)50, Sec tion '/j. Plant a flower on my lowly grave, and I will smile upon you In your dreams.' 'I will, so help me ? ' but she was gone, and before I had time to pull my self together after the sad recital, or to think the matter out, u sight stood before mo that Avas enough to nirike one's flesh creep ott one's bonus; to give one an eternal palsy; u- make one's lecth leave their sockets; to niaku every individual hair of one's head stand on end like tho spikes of a park fence; to wlthor up one's blood and drive one straight to 'Section '/' at once, i'or there stood tho ghost of i- ' man, whose coltin hud been open ' few days before for the purpose tnbllshlug the Identity of the it I confess I felt a sense of sea-* uud had a bottle of brandy or been handy, I certainly shouii. rinsed my month out. Ma) d« nier Is nothing to the sensation I fell us 1 saw the corruption before im-, juwt as 1 had seen it in the coltin, only that (he hor rors of the grave wen? magnified in tho pale, bluish phosphorescent light. Tint gruesome thing lifted its hand, and . opened its awful .luww, from which while the horror spoke, rolled living, ? writhing organisms. Tho monster ad dressed me thus: 't demand that you ' I ('. have me Interred In another cemetery, r among my own kith and kin. I am not u Churchman, but a good Methodist, ( and I can't rent whore 1 inn.'1 The words were scarcely spoken when lie vanished like lightning— us also did all my shadowy visitors— for just then there was such a cockcrow Ing all around that when I rubbed my . eyes not a phantom remained. The lamp. was out, the door open, and the moon had sunk below the western horizon, when I locked my oflice door and started to walk to my lodgings. . Sceptics will «ay that. I dreamt, or that I was under the Influence of rileohol excitement, fever, or that my nervous 'fl susceptibilities were strained. But I solemnly declare that I hnd not tasted either beer or spirits for several days , prior to that extraordinary visitation . '. from the other world. Think as you j like about It; to me It was a very real' ? affair; and I may as well tell you that It severed my connection with tho cemetery. I was 'full of It;' and 'i stout-hearted as I believe myself to be, ' my nerves got an awful Bhaldng— such as they uhall never have again if I can help It. I had learned enough, and ween enough, In that cemetery to last i' ' me for the remainder of my life. 