NORTH, MELBOURN'E POLICE COURT. MoxND 'Aug. l Before Dr. Lloyd (chairman), Messrs. Barwise, Blackburne, and ,ý,lylie,' Js.P. . 4. DRUNK IN CHAIOGE OF A 1ORSE. AND hid'rg"hd': s'eioil~ ib f diConstable" FIlldn: Lawlor was also charged with resisting the police.: 'They pleaded guilty. -:OoiistableDavey- said- thntat-t.7p.in on Saturday, frotm what lie heard, he Sgittoan._ hi!tke- the BRutchers' Arna -4? Blackwond-street. The two accused had a horse and, trap outside the hotel. They were both drmnk and trying to take possession, and he arrest·ed them. On the sway to the watch-houise Lawlor resisted violently. Moss was not known to the police, but Lawlor had been before the court before. Meoss was discharged on.putting-id/ in the poor box. Lawlnr iin .the. tirst charge was fined ./- or 24 hours, and on the seccnd, 10/- or 48 hours iimprison ment. 'i INSULTING IBEiAVioR. 'Bessie Dineen was charged as ab.we. She Itadbheen'in the GaslHospital, and the medical authorities' there"'suggested another remand. Ste was remanded for seven days. SOLICITING PROSTITUTION. Mary Lynch was charged by Con stable Schreck with the above offence. The constable said that on Saturday morning early the prisoner and a man were in a doorway. The e prisoner denied that she was un chaste, and said she was making inquiries from the man about her son. She was discharged. LARCENY. James Williams was charged with larceny. Francis Lee said that on Saturday he was in the Victoria Market. He pur chased a bag of vegetables but subse quently missed them, and saw them in prisoner's possession. The value of the vegetables was 3/-. Adam Johnson, a boy, said that on Saturday morning he was at the market. He was mending Mr. Lee's cart, and saw the prisoner take a bag of vegetables from that vehicle. Constable Schreck said he was called into the market from his beat in Vic toria-street. From what he was told he went in pursuit of the prisoner, and ar rested him while he was crossing the street with a bag of vegetables. The sergeant said there was nothing known against the prisoner previously. There were great complaints, however, from stallholders in the market about the conduct of some _of the characters. that frequented it. There was a great deal of pilfering indulged in. The bench said that as it was priso ner's:first offence he world get off with 14 days in gaol, but if he had been known to the police, he .would' hlave re ceived a much more severe sentence: HEALTH PROSECUTION. Inspector Magnus v. Hannah Doran not keeping her premises in Union street in a cleanly state. The inspector said the yard was covered with cow dung anid decayed vegetables. `The case was,dismiissei on defendant putting 1/- in the poor box. 'A NEIGHBOR'S QUARREL. ' There were several summonses in con nection with the case, which are' set out below. Complainant said that on the 3rd Mrs. O'Connell " thumped his little girl." as the child was comiing along Canning- street home from school. Mrs. O'Connell came down to the shop as d used bad language. Doran said it seemed that Mrs. O'Connell was' exasperated with him because he would not " give crediit:",:: daughter of Mrs. O'Connell's was hold ing the complainant's daughter while the mother struck her. He denied using insulting words to to Mrs.. O'Connell as set out in her summons.. All he said to her was that he would give her a "bit of blue paper." Ada Doran, a little girl of seven, said that she remembered being assauilted by. Mrs. O'Connell. She told her daughter, Lizzie O'Connell, to catch her. Simon Brophy said that on the 3rd he saw the assault on the little girl Doran by Mrs. O'Conell; the girl O'Connell having previously caught her, The little girl was screaming, and was, as white as a ghost. Joseph Paris also gave evidence as to witnessing the assault. Rachel Jellit said that she witnessed the assault on the little girl Doran by the O'Connells. The assault took place at the corner of Canning and Station streets. .. The story the "other side" had to tell was that Mrs. Doran threatened to screw Mirs. O'Connell's neck, and said he would punch her and her old man. She denied "punching" the girl Doran, or striking her in any way. Neither did her daughter interfere with the child. Lizzie O'Connell had the same de fence to offer. Mrs. Butterfield said that on the 3rd she heard Mr. Doran threaten to screw. Mrs. O'Connell's neck. There was no assault by the O'Connell's on the little girl Doran. Dr. Lloyd: I'm afraid, gentlemen, this wretched case will last all day. It reminds me of the saying of the heathen philosopher: " Oh, how these Christians love one another." The bench said that the cases of Doran v. Mary O'Conncll for insulting ?words, sname v. Lizzie O'Connell for assault, and Mary O'Connell v. Doran for insulting words, were dismissed. For assaulting the little girl Doran, lMary O'Connell was fined 10- with 20]- costs. 