Father Riley's Horse. (By "The Banjo" In {he 1 Bulletin.'; *Twbs the horse-thief Andy Began that was hunted like a dog By the troopers of the Upper Murray side; They had searched in every gully—they had looked in every log, ! Bnt never eight or track of him they spied Till the priest at Kiley'e crossing heard a knookmg very late, And a whisper,' Esther Biley-oomeaorosg!' So his Bev'renoe, in pyjamas, trotted softly to the gate And admitted Andy Began—^nd a horse!. * Mow, it's listen, Father Biley, to the words I've got to say, For it's close upon my death I am to-night; 'With the troopers hard behind me I've been hiding all the day In the gullies, keeping oloso and out of right. Bnt they're watching all the ranges till there's not a bird could fly, And I'm fairly worn to pleoee with the strife ; Bo I'm taking no more trouble, bntl'm going home to die— 'Tis the only way I see to save my life! «Tee, I'm making home to mother's, and Til die a Tooaday next, An' be buried on the Thursday—and, of course, I'm prepared to meet my penanoe, but with one thing I'm perplexed, And it's—Father, it'e this jewel of a home J Be was nev«r bought nor paid for, and there's not a man oau swear To Ub owner or his breeder, but I know That hie sin wae by Pedantio from the old Pretender mare, And his dam was oloae related to the Boe! i And there's nothing in the district that oan race him for a step; Heoould oanter while they're going at their top. Be'e the king of all the leppera that was ever eeen to lep A five-foot fenoe - he'd dear it in a hop 1 Bo I'll leave him with you, Father, till the dead shall rise again; 'Tie yourself that knows a good'un, and, of course, Tou oan say he's got by Moonlight out of Paddy Murphy's plain, If you're ever asked the brooding of tho horse. 1 But it's getting on to daylight and it's time to say good-bye For the etara above the east arc growing pale. And I'm snaking home to mother; audit's hard for me to dio! I But it's harder still in keeping out of gaol! You oan ride the old home over to my grave I across the dip I Where the wattle bloom is waving overhead. I Bore he'll jump them fenoes eaey ; you must never raise the whip Or he'll rush 'em! now good-byeand he bad fled. • So they buried Andy Began, and they buried him to rights, In the graveyard at the back of Kiley'a Hill. There were five and twenty mourners -who had five and twenty fights, Till the very boldest fighters had their fill. There were fifty horses raolng from the grave yard to the pub. And their riders flogged each other all the while. And the lasbins of tho liquor 1 And the le vins of the grub 1' Oh 1 poor Andy want to rest in proper style. 'Then the rsoee came to Kiley's—with a steeplechase and all For tie folk were mostly Irish round about, And it takes an Irish rider to bo fearless of a fell They were training morning in and morning ont. But they never "worked their horses till the sun was on the oouse, For a euporatitious story kept 'em baok, That the ghost of Andy Began, on a slashing chestnut horse, Bad been training by the starlight on the track. And they read the nominations for die races with surprise And amusement at the Father's little joke, For a novice had been entered for the eteeple chasing prise. And they found that it was Father Eiley's moke I He was neat enough to gallop, he was strong enough to stay, Bat his owners views of training were im mense. For the Beverend Father Biley used to ride him every day. And ha raver saw a hurdle nor a fence. - And the priest would join the laughter— 'Oh,'said he, 'T pnt him in. For there's fire and twenty, sovereigns to be won. And the poor would find it useful if the chestnut chanced to win, And he'll maybe win when all is said and i done!' Be had called him Faugb-a-ballsgb, which j is French for* Oleer the course,' And his oolors were a vivid shade of green. All the Dooleys and O'Donnelle wore on Fsther Riley's bone, While the Orangemen were baoldng Mandarin! It waa Hogan the dog-poisoner—aged man and Tory wise— Who was camping In the raoeoourae with hie awag, And who ventured the opinion, to the town ship's great surprise, That the rsoe would go to Father Riley's nag. Tou ean talk about your riders—and the horse hae not been echooled— And the fenoee is terrific, and the rest') When die field is fairly going, then ye'U Bee ; ya've all been fooled, And the chestnut horse will battle with the ; best: ' For there's some has got oondition, mid they think the race Is sure, ' And the chestnut horse will fall beneath the weight, But the hopes of all the helpless, and ths prayers of all thepoor, Will be running by his side to keep him straight. And what's the need of eohoolin' or worldn' on the track Whin the saints are there to guide him round the oouise i I've prayed him over every fence—I've prayed him ont and hack 1 And I'll bet my cash on Father Biley's horse!' • • «*,'* Oh the steeple was a oaution 1 They went teaiin' round and round, And the fenoes rang and rattled where they struck. There were some that oleared the water; there was more fell in and drowned, Some blamed the men and others blamed the luokl But the whips were flying freely when the Add oame into view For the finish down the long green stretch of course. And in front of all the flyers—Jumpin' like a kangaroo, Oatne the rank outsider—Father Blley'e horse I Oh the shouting and the oheeriug as he rattled past the post! For be left the others standing in the straight; And the rider,—well they reckoned it was Andy Regan's ghost, And it beat 'em how a horse could draw the weight! But be weighed it—nine stone seven, then he laughed and disappeared Like a Banshee {whioh is Spanish for an elf), And old Hogan muttered sagely, ' It it wasn't for the beard They'd be thinking it was Andy Regan's self!' And the poor of Eiley's Crossing gave their thanks at Cbrietmas^ide To the obestnut and bis jockey dressed in green. There was never suoh a rider,—not ainoe Andy Began died— id they puzzled who on earth It oopld have been. But they settled it among 'em—for the story got about, 'ifongst the bushmen and the people of the course That the Devil had been ordered to let Andy Began out fbr the iteepleehaee on Father Ritey'e hortc 1 