Topical Echoes ? ^ . „— — .... The Tocsin was not very far out when it. labelled Slattery as a Confi dence Man. .„..„ . . .'* ..????*'????:???* Premier Turner in the House on Thursday, 29th June '?:— ' I am not in favour of the mass referendum.' * ?? * * The Tocsin begs to remind the Turner Ministry that the. grievances of the tramway men have riot yet been xedressed, neither have they been :f or gotten. If Turner is sincere in relation to the ?abolition of plural voting, he will give the Legislative Council an opportunity to consider the measure before the Federation Bill Why the farce is continued of per mitting Treriwith to pose as leader of the Labour Party when he does not possess the slightest semblance of spower, is both incomprehensible and ^injudicious. When Justice Holroyd was giving' iPoliceman Wilson his well-deserved, dressing-down, he stated, that the im proper method of faking evidence which he was condemning was;' not fair to the prisoner' who might be con cerned. This significant .remark was carefully suppressed by all the, dailies. ? * * * ? Andrew Rowan's vindictive pursuit of Flanagan seems to be vain. It is a public calamity that the cowardly prosecutor was not compelled to stand in the box and undergo a crossexam ination. The swindling tactics of Mel bourne capitalists would then probably have got a badly-needed exposure. W-rsKall have to call him McBungle if he makes any more bulls like his re marks on Football and Footballers. ' ' * . * * A. high spiritualistic authority warns the British nation to be good to Queen Vic, as she will not live to see another -birthday, v ? ~- ? ' / '??? ???*'? . *? - * It is a significant fact that Gair and Mason, the mover and seconder of the ?address in reply to the Assembly, spoke against female suffrage. ' 5 ? ? . ? *« A plague of snails is ravaging the Riverina, making for Victoria. No wonder, after the Federal vote. Even the worm will turn. — Armidale 'Chronicle.' -':' .-.??-.* * * ' Humerous' Cook has accepted The Tocsin's label, and referred to himself in the House by his nickname. The best of it is that the daily papers pre tended that the pun was an inspiration that .struck the young man himself. ? * * ' * The following question was recently put by .a. teacher in a .suburban .State school to a new scholar: — 'Now, Mary Jones, I will ? give: you a sum. Supposing that your father owed the butcher 6s. yd., the baker 7s. 8d., and the landlord — — ' Mary Jones (con fidently) : ' We should move.' * * * The Upper House of Fatocracyjin Victoria made one long-sustained howl during the address in reply, for the abolition of the Income Tax. It is a very touching spectacle to see the poor millionaires crying out because they have to pay. a few hundreds; a year to the country which makes them wealthy. * . * * , R. Reid passed a remark on the 27th June, in the Legislative Council, on the '.e^e'rMncreasing commerce and power 'that wi'lLrerlect very satisfactorily upon the incomes of all the toilers in this great .continent.'. As long as a Reid can give one; man's labour and draw a thousand': men's rewards, he is quite right:in saying it will 'reflect.' The ..' reflecti6n''ns mostly the toiler's re ward. . ??'?;?: ''}' V'f -''.'?'.?' ''?' 'V * . * ? * ' The -return of candidates' expenses in connection with the recent S.A. elections is suggestive. The Labour members in the city were r. turned \at a joint cost of £125, while the return of the other- members cost £1300'. 'In East Torrens, Labour-member Coney beer topped the poll for £11, while Darling (Conservative) was next ' on the poll at a cost of £298. Price, in Sturt, represented the highest cost, at £42, to Labour ; while his opponent (Bruce) at £260, was not placed. ' F. T. Derham wants a Royal Com mission to inquire into what is called sweating. If he had time to look at his own books, he might find a host of men and women who receive from 7s. to 12s. 6d. weekly. Peacock says that King— the hero of The Tocsin's articles on 'Tortur- ing a Negro at Pentridge' — is re formed. Did he mean to say that he was cowed by brutal and barbarous ill- treatment and bad usage ? * ? * * The Carlton Branch of the A.NiA. contains many staunch democrats, and who naturally are strong anti-billities. At the branch's meeting on Monday last they gave three hearty cheers for Higgins and Democratic Federation. ?*??.#?. * A public meeting, at which the aims and objects of the V.L.F. will be ex plained, will be held at the Mechanics' Institute, Sydney road, Brunswick, on Wednesday evening, 12th July, Anstey and Tunnecliffe will deliver ad dresses, which will . be illustrated by limelight views, .'??'?'?-. * . ? ? * ''*??? Dear Tocsin, — Socialism in our time ? Rather ! Look at France. Who shall say that the new State Coachman, after fixing snaffles to his team, shall not gather up the present battered governmental reins, and with not too ' wristy' hand, tool the good old coach Republique to a restful peace at last ! Vive Socialism ! Vive Re publique ! ? M. Gray, M.P. for Prahran, stood in thei8gi elections in the Labour interest for South Yarra and was defeated. He was then treasurer for the Central Council of the Progressive Political League. Harwood at this time was the candidate for Prahran in the Labour interest and was also defeated. In 1894 Gray seized upon Prahran and ran in his own interests, abandoning the Labour Party. Gray has- not, since his advent to Parliament, belonged to the Labour Party. ;. ?? ?? . ? * ? * * The ' Argus' prescribes horse stealing as a preliminary to going buc caneering against the Boers, and ad vises intending swashbucklers, in the language of its Poet— God help us !— to . . . , ???'??????:??. ? ? .'???. s ' Sneak some prad from a paddock.' The Poet— Good Lord deliver us!— adds— ..''.. 'And mind you obey * What the officers say— Unless they say run, ; ?? , ?? Don't run.' Ghosts of Eureka ! Fancy abjuring Australian blood-spillers not to run ! ? -^^— ^— — ?— ^— — — —— — The English Footballers summed up -McEacharn in one word— SNOB. ?... * * * . Democrats ! . Recollect that the con stituencies of Victoria will almost im mediately be overrun by prominent Conservatives , from the Legislative Council, who will preach upon Free dom with a large F, and perorate upon equality, one destiny, the Southern Cross, &c.; Just fetch them down to mundane atfairs and local politics by inquiring whether they will support one- man-one- vote for Victoria when the question comes before them this session. - * * * Dr. Maloney moved in the House on the 29th that certain clauses in the Federation Bill should be voted upon separately. He moved with the ob ject of getting the people to express an opinion as to whether they desired to protest against equal representation of the colonies in the Upper House against the capital being in N.S.W. ; and in favour of the initiative and re ferendum. He lost by 52 to 6. The minority were Bromley, Higgins, Sangster, Ben. Tucker, Maloney and Hancock. The renegade 'Labour' members were Burton, Cook, Hamil ton, Murray, T. Smith, Trenwith and Wilkins. 