comm. bliss. MOTHERS OF ENGLAND. Better than college honours, Better than platform applause, Is to be the mother of gallant men Guarding Great Britain's shores. Better than Woman's Suffrage, Better than visible might, Is a mother's bond on tho son's life boLyj Steering his oouree aright. Bettor than pulseless monument, . Bolter than public acclaim, Is to lire again in a noble soo, True author of liis farao. Mothers, dear mothers of England, Best bulwarks of Britain's shore, Guarding our country's greatness, With your motherhood strong and pore. Arming our English manhood With the breastplato of your love, With tho sword ©f national, righteousness, The helmet of prayers heard above. Mothers, dear mothers of England, Tho angols might envy your might, Tho might of a woman's weakness When blent with tho courage of right. AN ABSENT MAN'S WEDDtNG DAY. When John Kcnrblo, the great tragedian, was married, he went to the theatre in the evening, and acted -as usual, nod it was re marked, with aa much self-possession and tranquility as before. This -was a great proof of tho wonderful command-that John Kemble had over all the springs'of passion, quelling or pouring them forth at will, but the real fact was that ho lmd forgotten all about tho marriage, -for after tho play was over, instead of going hotue to his-ncw better-half, and tho friends who were waiting to take a parting glass, and wish him ever bo much happiness, ho went to his bachelor'o home; and the friends wore astonished when ton O'clock came, and ho was to bo at home, that no John arrived, noithor at oleven or at tvrelvtv Off to tho thcati o three of thein -sallied. 44 Mr. IComblo leffcrat half- post nine." 45 VVIicro did ho go to, sir ?" 44 Ho was driven to tho Temple." Perhaps he hud gone to take a garcon's farewell, anil was lingering yet fondly over the remains of tho bachelorhood. Arrived ' at tho door of the chambers, tho boll w»# pulled once, twice, thrice, with no rohulc, and they were on tlio point of going away when ths window opened, -and tlio great John asked, as ho might of the ghost of . Hamlet. 14 VJlu> is-thcro ?" 44 W hy, Ivomhlo, what are yoa doing thore ? Wo have been expecting you these three hours, and your wife, Mm Kemble, is distracted. " - 44 My wifo ?" replied John. "What ? Yea, I remember. I had forgotten it." Aud the innocent John soon let in his friends. Quito forgetting the morning's engagement to enact tho pnrtof husband for life, he had gone home to bed, tallowed his nose, and wns qnietly tucked iu. for tho night. What Mrs. J. K. eaid whoa -ho wan-brought homo deponent said not. £.4 Mrs. Gadd — I saw y'r husband on th'v street yestotdny. Ho locked very solemn, j thought. Has ho get rcligiun ? Mrs. Gabb— No-o; it's only- dyspepsia. 4-£ A henpecked husband snid in extenuation of his wife's raids upon his seal), 44 You sea sho takes her own hair off so easily, sho docon't know how it hurts to have mine pulled out." A Bible expounder, in speaking of Adam, snid: " When Adam awoke frum- I ' . fi r h t sleep lie discovered Eve. 1 may liorc '/ ' apropos to remark, that lie wus ' on the eve of a great discovery.' But it turned ont tliaj Adam's first sleep was his Inst repose." if.i. When Brigiinm Voting receive"! tlio boxes emitaining tho important silk dresses and Ci-.sliincre shawls fur his thirty wives, ho said to a friend: ' Ah, if you know the cost of these goods you would not believe for a me- ..tout that I practised polygamy as an earthly pleasure. No, sir! it io with mo a stetu duty." "Iicnry," cried Mrs. Von 1'oodlcs, granp- ing her somnolent, husband by tho arm. " Henry, t here are burglars in tho house. Get up and go duwn." " Utter nonsense, my dear," returned Henry. " You wouldn't have a-mnn of uiy social position associating with burglai Li, would you '! You astonish mc,'1 in Iviug George It's timo Lord E — inariiod tilled wives, who were all his 'ser vants; a beggar woman inoetiug bin: qr.-e day in tiie street, muiic liiiu a- very Joiv 'cui't- any. ... "Alt. God Almighty bless yon," said she, " ami send you a long life; if you do but live long enough I may bo lady L ." ..y. Domestic Troubles. — "A nice imebaml you are!" said Madame iu a passion. "You care less about me than about those pet animals of yours. Look what you did wlicu your poodle, Azor, died." Husband (quietly) : Wall, I had him stuffed. \vife (exasperated): You wouldn't havo gone Io tlmt expense fur mc— not you, in deed." A nobleman wont to a pawnbroker to borrow a thousand pounds upou Iris wife's jewels, ami said, " I want you to take tlio stones out of tho settings and put false ones . in thoir stead, as I do not waul my wife to know that I have pawned them." " You iuo too late," said the pawnbrokeis " for I purchased the real stones of my lady a year ago." "The whisper of abeautifnl woman," says Balzac, " can be heard further than tlio loudest call of duty." But tlio man who is creeping up stairs, Willi his boots off, at two o'clock a ni., and hears the whisper of liis wife as he leans' - over tho banisters, in the darkness, doesn't think of her beauty. His chief thought is how much ho would like to exchange liis boots for a pair of wings. 4"fr Infantino Innocence — Little Ada and hor mamma aro in the brougham, with just about one second to spare in order to catch the train at tlio station. Lisetto, the lady's maid, is cloning the cairiago door. Ada in sists upon getting out again; she has not kissed her papa. She is forcibly detained anil assured there is not time. " Very well, thou, Liselte, you go to papa; givo him one of yoursweotest kisses, and tdl him 1 hadn't time to como myself." ; (-A. i A child, while walking through an art giil lery with Iier mother, was attracted by . a statue of Minerva. " Who is that? " said she. " :«Iy child, that isl\Iinervn,tlio goddess of ' - wisdom." " Wily, didn't thoy make her husband, too?" " Because oho had none, my child." " That was becauso she was wise, wasn't it, mauiuju? " was the attless reply. 