Quips and Quiddities (Br YoaicK). But a few days ago a message came from binemeti in Johannesburg, ask ing tor the support of Sydney to a petition, in whiobjnen seek that their wrongs may be redressed. No donbt the help aebed for will be readily given, but what might It have bean if given In response to an ap peal to an Australian Nation 11 Why, the reply, that would have been eo readily given, would have made President Kroger at once ronse his fat laden bonee to an attitude of deference and reapeot 11!—(Hill grove Saueage Wrapper.) Ho! Kruger, are you listening, To Hillgrove's seer prophetic f Are not his barbed words, glistening, A. deuce of an emetic P The shuddering world makes pause to see The fear appal caoh nation, And how we ll settle you Oom P, When we got federation J Oom Paul! the thought your soul must wllf And oruUe with agitation, Your goose is cooked, for once end ell, When we got Federation 1 For then, (Oom Brown says so—he knows) Our nation embryonic Will land you one upon the nose With clashing clout cyclonic. You'll soe more Ktara, and get more stripes, Than flog of Yankee nation, And then you 'U say (in Dutch), O on'pcs I Thoy must hare Federation ! Oom Paul! - (Oom Brown declares it all, Without exaggeration,) You'll got one knock,—a ' dundereloch"— "When we got Federation, Oom Brown'e our JCrugcr on the Band, Our Band's on Jlillgrovo Station, Our Oom's as cultured, suavo, and blond As any of your nation ; He's quite oh dynamitic too, A pop-gun of creation, And therefore you miy well look blue When he breathes Federation. Oom Paul, you're riding for a fall, Without deliberation; Oom Brown this warning loud doth bawl " Beware ! our Federation!u I merely mention those few facte With friendliest intention, Because, Oom Paul, when Oom Brown aots, He's much too fierce to mention. The warning that he eonds you now ^ Need cause no consternation Because—/<«> siUy ranting r<tu>t mil kill poor Federation I Alas Oom Paul, we feel quite small, Because of his inflation, But bust, we trust, all like bim must, Then—look for Federation. «'***• A federal precaution. The N.8.W. Sovernment is about to look the Darling, eo tbat it can't run away into Victoria. • • • * • The leader in the last Hillgrove Sausage Wrapper" contains one entence of one hundred and eighty• five words ! Pdlogny S.: What are yon reading, Jack f Gimlet: Words—words—word*. Pologny S.: ll'hat it the wrapper P Gimlet! The Hillgrove Rausage Wrapper. Pologny S. ; What cage it f Gimlet: Slandere, tir. For here the eatirieal 'enave pro-taims Hat old men have grey boards; 'hat their facet are wrinkled-, their eget purg ing thick amher and plum-tree gum; that they have a yltnliful lack of toil, together with weak, latnt. All of which, sir, though Imosl power fully and potently believe, yet I hold it not wile for him to eo proclaim himself-, for he, himeelf, thould be old ae I am, if, like a crab, he could to backwards(Shakebacon). » • ' * • » Majawbone Nield was arrested by taut, and released by telephone, fell a funny fable through the funny tele, phone, Tor the post that took hie post away from Majawbone, Stated, " We that made your Major post ^ you from your post," And the telephone arid " Tony follow."— (shades of Cesser's ghost t) • • • • • A Bslmain Alderman named Cramp abled a motion that steps should be aken to place Aldermen upon the same footing ae M's.P. in the matter of free travelling on public conveyances.— X. Press.) Now Mr. Crump Has got the blimp Of great originality; No mag or wump Is Mr. Crump, No slave to mero formality* If each M.P. Can travel free, I think that we Should likewise be Allowed to geo On N.O D! But! woe for Crump He got a bump, For no one would support him, And eo X. Press In dire distress Writes leaders to report him. • » • • « THAT " BROTHERLT LOVE." If you have an earnost try, Sir,' Peep about, and search, and pry, Sir, For that " iove" the any-prioers Save for all their followman. Vou will .find it is a docket, For a shoddy line called " pocket" (Though they'd never, never stock it Since this wicked world began). Shako 'em up, and search, and rummage To find thia bit of brummagem, This " love" so nyummy-nyummagem, It really cant't be found. Mayhap it's so nenrotio, So exquisitely exotic, Also muchly tommy-rotic, That it can't live overground. And they prove such awful " twicers," So alert and epruoe and spry, sire, Ho these loving " any-pnoers," When you nek them for a "quid;" That our faith in " loving bluster" Gets a buster on it's crust, sir, ~ And the theory goes off bust, sir, As they snap out " can't be did 1" Wherefore when we hear the lie, sirs From these tailing " any-prioere," Why we wink our 'tothereys, eirs, And we whistle * • Bonnie Hoon." And we think it would be best, rfre^ Just to put them to the teBt, ska, Then they'll squirm nor-eastby mat, efcs, Tabutt^wi<,l«itesMbeig«f ™ 