THE HOUSE ON THE EMBANKMENT. By Cecil Hayter " Well," said Mrs Denton, " what does the agent say ? Can't we have the house 1 I've positively falien in love with it." Mr Denton laughed and shrugged his Bhoulders. " My dear, you can have it if you like ; the rent iB low enough, goodness knows. Why, the place is cheaper than that wretched little box of a house we took last winter. The question is not whether you can have it, but whether you will care to." " What on earth do you mean 1" re torted Mra Denton sharply.- She had spent a weary week house-hunting, and waa proportionately fractious. " Care to ! Of course I shall care to. My dear crea ture, haven't I told you over and over again that it will suit us to perfection? What are you making so mnch mystery about P 1 suppose there is nothing against the house, is there ?" " That is just the point. People are foolish enough to have got it into their heads that there is. It really sounds too absurd at the end of this prosaic nine teenth century, but the fact is everyone persists in sayiDg that the place is haunted." " Haunted 1 What nonsense!" " That's exactly what I said to the agent. He laughed at the idea himself. Nevertheless, he told me some extraordi nary facts in connection with the place. It seems that for the last two generations, off and on, strange rumors have connected themselves with the house, and very often it has stood untenanted for years- and years. " To quote from the agent's more per sonal knowledge of the case, during the last ten years there have only been eleven months out of tliat whole period in which a tenant could be induced "o live in it. The owners — some people called Barsing- ton — whose family it has belonged to for years, keep it in most excellent repair, with a view to letting ; but nothing will induce any of them to live there. They are perfectly frank and straightforward about it, and have given the agent instructions that he is to mention the fact , of its being haunted to any intending tenant. At first they tried to huBh the matter up ; but many years' experience ha3 proved to them the futility of such an attempt. The agent himself jeers at the idea, and says that it is all rubbish. The house is beautifully furnished, and in splendid repair. " Moreover, he has never been able to ascertain any definite facts or details as to the haunting. There appear to be no in jured ladies in white raiment and chains who intrude at stated intervals, not even a goblin who screams in conventionally blood- curdling tones. If there is any thing wrong with the place, nobody seems to be able to givo one any satisfactory description of what is wrong." Mrs Denton stared in a puzzled sort of way, as well she might. "It's extremely annoying," she said, "most annoying! I had made up my mind to have that house — I took a fancy to it directly I saw it ; but I suppose it's impossible now. Of course," she added, hastily, " I don't believe in anything of the sort myself ; but you know what ser- . . vants are — directly they heard a syllable about a gho3t they would leave in a body." " Ghosts," interposed Norah Hilton decisively, " are purely creations of the imagination. So-called, supernatural ap pearances are induced by continuity of impression on the. retina." Norah was Mra Denton's younger sis ter, and possessed about three times as much strength of character aB Mrs Denton herself. Very handsome, self-willed, and good-natured, she read annually an enormous number of books — about one- twentieth part of which she understood — under the Impressionjthat by so doing she was improving her mind. Also she had one virtue or failing, whichever you are pleased to consider it. She was as obstinate as all the mules I have ever met, though, naturally, she preferred to have it called strength of mind. " Ghosts 1" she continued scornfully. "Really, Nelly" — turning to Mrs Denton — " one would think you had been brought up in the Middle Ages !" " But I don't believe in them, Norah — honestly I don't 1' pleaded her elder sis ter. "Only when you come to have a house of your own you'll know what a bother servants are ; and if the slightest thing upsets them off they go, and you have to spand months making a new collec tion. And — and servants always believe s in ghosts." " Well, that is easily settled. I'll go to the house and interview the ghost my self !" retorted Norah. " You'll do nothing of the sort I" said VTr Denton, looking up sharply. His voice was unnaturally grave and stern, and it waB evident that he had heard more from the agent than he had chosen to dis close in his half- jesting description. I "No, Norah; please don't play any ' tricks of that kind," said Dick Marston, who was sitting at the far end of the din ner-table. ' It wouldn't do for you to be going about with your ' hair turned white in a single night,' or anything of that sort. It would be hard lines on me, to say the least of it.'' "Don't be stupid, Dick !" said Norah, " Haven't I told you that I don't believe in anything of the sort? GhoHts are merely matters of weak nerves or ill- health ; and my nerves are not what you could truthfully call weak. Moreover, — iy good sir, we are.net married yet, and u I've got to be obedient to you after marriage it's only fair that you should he my abject slave before that ceremony — so there 1" and she made him a mocking little curtsey. " Seriously, Norah," said Mr Denton, . ! " you mustn't play any tricks of that sort. I quite agree with all you say— but, then, there are other things than ghosts. There may be someone who has an 'interest in V keeping the house untenanted. Mr Wil- - Ham Sikes, for inetance, may find it con- venient j and e is a far more' tronble- \- aome and material affair than a whole legion of- spooks." ... ' Denton, who had been watching \ Norah's face, hastily changed the subject, ? .and so for the time the matter dropped. I But none of them had calculated on the \ » ' girl's extreme persistency, nor had they | reckoned on the fact that quite acciden- I v tally she had seen the keys of the house % - lying on the hall-table on her way down % ' -to dinner, Mr Denton having them tem- porarily.in his charge. She knew thiB house quite well, having spent an hour or so in going over it with hi rs Denton the day before j so, when she went to her room, having said good night to the others, her mind was fully made up, and she began her preparations at once. Two reasons impelled her to carry out the plan in her head. Firstly, she wished to vindicate herself in the eyes of Mr Denton, who at time was apt to laugh at her about her theories, scien tific or otherwise. Secondly, it was the kind of mad freak which, if the truth be told, was what Miss Norah's soul han kered after. ' - Having annexed the keys on her .way upstairs, the rest of her preparations did not takev long. She changed her dinner- dress for a warm, dark cloth walking one, armed herself with 'a conple of novels and all the spare candles she conld find in her room, a box of matches, and a wrap com pleted her outfit. - Just as she was about to turn' out the light a sudden thought crossed her mind, Going to a drawer in heir dressing-table, she drew out a small mother-of-pearl- handled revolver. It had been a present from Marston when they were in the country in the summer ; and he had taught her how to use it. It was a pretty enough toy, of small calibre ; but she had been able to manage some useful shooting with it at a short range. She slipped it into her pocket, together with a few spare 'cartridges, turned out the light, and crept noiselessly down stairs. As bad luck would have it, she crossed the hall and got ont unobserved. It was a clear bright night outside, though rather chilly, and a brisk walk of some tea minutes' duration brought her on to the Embankment. Turning westwards, she pursued her way, and less than half a mile further on found herself opposite the honse in ques tion. It was, or rather is, for it still stands there, an old house of considerable size, built in the Queen Anne's style. A short flight of shallow steps led up to the front door, over which was a richly and heavily carved panel. The front. of the house was sparsely covered with some kind of creeper. A small space, hardly to be dignified by the name of a garden, sepa rated the house from the street, and was snrronnded by a high wall and railingB and two heavy wrought-iron gates. A quaint, comfortable-looking house to all appearances — more suggestive of nuts and old port and Sheraton furniture than of ghosts ; hut, for obvious reasons, I cannot indicate it more particularly. Miss Hilton passed through the big metal gates, which stood ajar, and, run ning lightly up the steps, inserted her key in the lock and pushed open tke front door. A little chill of apprehension passed over her as she crossed the threshold. She, perhaps, for the first time realised that even for the best of nerves an empty, deserted house in the dead of night has uncanny possibilities. How ever, being a person of considerable reso lution and common sense, she did not give herself time to hesitate, but, closing the door after her, she lit one of the candles, and walked boldly into the centre of the hall. Her footsteps rang hollow od the bare polished floor, and the echoes of the slightest sound seemed to increase and multiply themselves till they filled the house, and ran whispering down the long, deserted corridors. She had already made up ker mind where she intended to pass the night. On her previous visit to tbe house with Mrs Denton she recollected having noticed a particularly comfortable old-fashioned chair in the front drawingroom; with that and a small table for her books and candlesticks (of which latter there were an abundance in the house), she consi dered that she would be able to wait for the morrow with, at any rate, a minimum of discomfort. The drawingroom door was. old and stiff, and she had some difficulty in open ing it. At last, however, it yielded with a crash that made the house reverberate from attic to cellar; in addition to which the sudden draught came near to blowing out her candle. The combination of the two things momentarily startled her; but, after a second's hesitation, and with a little laugh at her own foolishness, she conti nued her way. The first thing obviously was to have more light. A short tour of inspection produced four candlesticks ; two of these she placed on the mantel piece over the big fireplace, and two more heavy silver ones, which particularly pleased her, she set on a small table near her chair. The room was very large and lofty, and had little furniture in it compared with some of the other rooms. What there was, however, was old and quaint, and of rather a stiff design, the severity of the lines being enhanced by the brown holland coverings. All the pictures on the walls were also wrapped up, which gave to the place rather a funereal air. She settled herself down in her chair and began to read. For the first half- hour all went well, but when that amount of time had elapsed, she began to get restless. A glanceat her watch showed her that it was .only half-past twelve. She shivered a little and tried to resume her reading, but to concentrate her mind on the printed pages of the book became an impossibility ; and in spite of herself she was conscious that she was keeping her senses strained to catch the slightest sound, and every now and again her' glance wandered furtively round the room, as though to assure herself that the positions of things were unaltered. This constant state of expectancy, which in itself argued great nervous tension, began to tell on her. She felt that it would be a positive relief for something to happen ; the overwhelming stillness and desolation of the place was sapping her courage. At last, with an apprehensive look over her shonlder, she moved her table and chair np against the great curtains covering one pf the windows, and arranged so that she conld see the whole room at once without turning. The noiBe of moving the thingB did her good, and restored her to her normal frame of mind for the moment. But as soon as the overwhelming silence took possession again, her previous sensations returned with renewed force, aud perhaps for the first time in her life she understood the full meaning of the word terror. Her lips and throat were dry, and her heart was palpitating with, an irregular throbbing, which seemed to shake her whole body. If she could have got up and left the house then and there she would willingly have done so ; but she knew that she dare not face the .staircase and the big square hall again in darkness. So all- pervading was the silence that she scarcely dared to alter her cramped position in the chair. A second glance at her watch showed her that it was nearly two o'clock. She pulled put her revolver and laid it on the table beside; her ; the. sight of it, toy though it was, gave her a momentary sense of security. . i Another hour of agonised suspense had nearly dragged away, when, Bur down in the depths of the house, a stair creaked. Norah glanced apprehensively at the door and listened, straining her ears to the uttermost. A long panse follhwed of intense stillness ; then another creak, fainter than the first, but nearer, as if whatever it was that approached was treading with greater care. Slowly, with long intervals between each sound, the footsteps, if footstepB they were, seemed to approach. The last step wa3 reached, and still Norah sat motionless, her eyes staring at the door spellbound — paralysed with terror. She could hear her breath coming in short gasps between the intervals of the creaking stairs. Her gaze was rivetted on the brass handle of the door — it was a Ismail object to see clearly at that distance and in that uucertain light — and she glared at ii;, waiting for the .slightest discernible movement. . All of a sadden she realised to her horror that the door was open, and opening slowly towards her, tnough she had never seen the handle turn nor heard a sound. With a convulsive movement she snatched the revolver from the table and Blood up, her pulses quivering and throbbing. . She longed to call out or scream, bdt she was incapable of making a Bound. By a frantic effort'' of will she managed to clutch at the window-curtains with a vague idea of escape ; , but all the time the door was slowly opening, without noise, without haste, bat with a uniform, almost imperceptible, movement. Now it was almost wide open. She extended her arm in readiness to . fire if need be ; but nothing appeared, and the little revolver described wavering circles as she pointed it vaguely at the empty blackness of the staircase beyond. Then, worst horror of all, the door began to close, still quite slowly, aud moving under the influence of no visible agency. She felt that she was being shut up in this- great gaunt room, alone with an invisible adversary — an intangible, . im material, horrible something I She felt its presence, but she could see nothing, hear nothing — only in the far corner of the room she fancied she could detect a faint blnr of mist which blotted out the objects behind it, and was advancing slowly towards her. . Flesh and blood could stand no more. With a Btifled cry, half-sob, half-scream, she raised the revolver and fired ; the waver ing mist- wreath was ohscuredfor a moment by thesmoke, and then, as the latter cleared away, she saw it, indistinct and unaltered, advancing slowly as before. She fired again, but with no result. Her lips worked convulsively in an ecstasy of fear, and the muscleB of her hands twitched and piffled this way and that as she fam- bled with the trigger. There were four shots left ; she, fired them rapidly iu quick succession, neither knowing nor caring where they went, and with one long shrill, despairing scream that echoed through the house — her arms stretched out to ward the hor ror off — she fell forward on her face in merciful unconsciousness.. And lying so they found her some hours later, in the morning. One of the maids had discovered that her room was unoccupied. Mr Denton guessed at the truth at once, and, with Marston aud a policeman, whom they picked on the way, they harried to the house. The true explanation will probably never be ascertained. Norah herself was dangerously ill for some weeks, aud even after her recovery the doctors ordered people to speak to her about the matter as little as possible, Bit by bit, however, ahe told what little she had to tell, and Mr Denton and the owner of the house entered into a long communication on the subject. Bat, though the latter had a Bimilar experience to recount, as had also one of his brothers, no explanation was forth coming. It has since been determined that some time in the near future the house shall be pulled down. In that care some solution of the mystery may be arrived at— who shall say ? There are many mysteries of which, even at the end of this nineteenth century, it may not be fitting for us to know the explanation. 