GALLERY SKETCHES! I AMONG THE MEMBERS. By 1THURIEL. "Itliuriel with his spear touched lightly. Oncc more does federation overshadow j all local and party issues, and the prospects are that the cession will be tranquil and ! brief. "Officially" members are glad of this, J but actually they are growing very tired of living at such great altitudes, j and they long to return to those i levels in which they draw their political breath more easily and natu-1 j rally. Under ordinary circumstances there j would have been a great deal of criticism I | before the Address in Reply was passed, j i but "What's the good" is the prevailing at- j titude of mind. "Let us get it out of the j way, and have the federal issue disposed of, and then something may turn up." The j young ardent spirits and the old and wily l stagers are equally weary of political peace. They want their share in the good things that are going. "When am I to have a smoke?" asked the "little boy of the big boy who kept puffing away at the eigar which they had contributed to purchase/' "Oh, you shut up; I'm the chairman of this coui I pany, and you're only a shareholder. You can spit." That is the painful position. The cigar of the Victorian Legislature, as we know it, is nearly all puffed away, and so many have uot had a single draw. Have they uot good cause to be tired of merely expect- orating? No doubt the Government has blundered sadly in connection with the Madden-Syme affair, but, then, it has blundered over nearly every personal matter it lias touched; yet it survives. The election of Speaker, the grant to Sir Graham Berry, the election of Chairman of Committees, were ail examples of tactless floundering. The Madden prosecution will remain as mother shocking example of "How not to do it," and that will be all. The feeling against the Government is very strong, even on the Ministerial side, and the reve lations as to how the commissioner was ap pointed have strengthened it. A careful whip will be made, and if the Government finds it is strong enough to win on a party issue it will fight it out on that line. If not, it will announce that in. deciding on its own privileges the House should hare a free hand. The rock will not upset the Ministerial coach, but what wretched driv ! jng it shows on a road BO smoothed by the federation roller that there should not have been even a jolt. In the first instance it was recognised that though the voice was St. Hilda's voice, yet the hand was the hand of Essendon. I When, in the presence of the most hostile House he lias ever faced, the j Premier announced that he intended ; to take the Mndden-Syme matter up J the voice of Essendon was the only one to cheer in answer to the angry shouts. I Many a time since then has the Premier j wished that lie had left it alone. But, hav-: ins gone so far, to retreat was worse than! to advance. The ghosts of , all those dead land gone Ministers and officers came to j him from-Colliniwrtreet,; and saidin sepul-. ] chral tones, "fiook here, if you don't go on I now it will be said that you dare not; be cause the chargcs were true." There were some members of the Cabinet who were not bo sensitive about ancient reputations, aud do not believe in shorts. But in vain they urged "Whet it it teapt you twtrd the fload, my fori. Or to the dreadful sanajnit of the cliff," Sir George was superstition*, and he fof Iowed the Kupertiatar*! directions If ruddy pressed by curious and sceptical members ' as to his dealings with the ghost, we maj^ j expect to hear him say- ' "Touching: this vision here, '*-/? | It is an honest ghost, that let mc toll you: '"f; For your desire to know what Is between us -;4 O'ermaater *t as ye may." j,'"; . The chronic discontent in the Labour party has once more reacted an ncuU stage. A meeting is to be held, and then are great mutterings and rumblings, whicf{ ? are understood to foretell the explosion'; , that is to take place. Signs of the mutiny < have not been suppressed in the House*: Mr. Hancock rebuked his chief in good set terms for venturing to criticise Mr. Hig> gins's conduct in Sydney; and Mr. Malonej followed with a bitter snarl at Mr. Tren with for Iiaving the impertinence to try to teach the democrats of New South Wale? their duty. The member for Richmond ventured to make some interjection when, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen was speaking; and West Melbourne told him to mind his own, business, or something equally polite, and, seemed as if he were actually about to fly at his leader's throat. All these are stgiu that the crew are about to make another attempt to give their leader the "black! spot." Headers of Stevenson's romance will remember how the crew writhed under the domination of the el ever, plausible, strong-, willed "Silver," and how every attempt they made to depose him only made hie' position more secure. So it has happened with the Labour party. At the beginning of last session there was en open mutiny/, ending in an open rout of the malcontents, and it will be the same again. "Yon give me the black spot, do you. I wait here, and I'm still your cap'n mind, till joo outs, with your grievances, and I reply. In the mean time your block spot aint worth a biscuit. After that we'll see." When it comes to s question of giving rea sons, the old supremacy will be easily re asserted. If Mr. Trenwith should be deposed, as is openly threatened, then the leadership of. the labour party might be offered to Mr. Higgins. Mr. Hancock is too flippant, too much the slave of his humorous fancies, for . , leader. The fault of most politicians is that they take themselves too seriously.' Mr. Hancock takes nothing seriously; not even the hon. member for Footscray. A' leader may be narrow-minded and dull, but he must be earnest, and he must have aa intense belief in himself. He must be as-, sured that be is the pivot upon which all things in his orbit turn. Mr. Hancock is not a pivot, and he knows it. "Pivot!*"' he; would exclaim. "No fear; I'm not even A wheel of fortune." The objection to Mr..; Higgijis might be that he has declared for. a policy of economy and living strictly,;; within our income, which is, abhorrent to the labour party. But then Mr. iliggins is adaptable. He could contrive with a. ! straight face to preach economy as a prin* I ciple, and to vote m detail for every par ! ticular expenditure that might be proposed, j just as he believes in the referendum and j the voice of the people, and yet says the"; ! people have gone ntterly, deplorably, disas jtrously wrong, and must be set right by, j the minority. At any rate, he has de* (posed Mr. Trenwith in the affectionate ad I miration of the labour party, and if be j would consent to take the official lead | Richmond might really get "the black spot." It was rather hard on the Speaker that he should be called upon on the spur of the moment . to decide nice points of usage stretching back to the time of Charles the First. Tne privileges of the House carry so much awe in their very name that even Mr. Murray refrained from scoffing; yet one cannot help wondering what vrould happen if a session were actually com menced without a "'privilege bill." Would Lord Brassey come down and say, "Take i away that bauble; you have lost your privileges?" Nevertheless, Mr. Mason showed himself equal to the emer gency, and gave a ruling which fitted the occasion. It is related of Speaker Denison, who was not ready in dealing with points of order, that on one occasion he touched the senior clerk of the House of Commons, Sir Erskine May (commonly quoted now as simple "May"), and asked him what on earth he recommended him to do. "I re-; commend you, sir, to be very cautious," was the reply of Sir Erskine as he vanished through the door at the back of the Cham ber. Lord Rosebery relates that it was wittily said of one of Pitt's Administration* that it was compotsed of William and Pitt. It can now be definitely stated of the new party that it is-to quote Mr. Cook's own - nomenclature-composed of "Hnmerous' and Cook. Humerous has proved himself an utter failure. He has been a source of constant trouble and annoyance to his col league. The last moments of the week's sittings were occupied by Mr. Cook in mak ing an unconditional withdrawal of and apology for some remarks by Mr. Humerous. When the party has come to a public rupture already we can only imagine what scenes take place at its pri vate meetinga. It is rumoured that Mr. Humerous has been asked to send in his resignation, and that he will be seen no more. All well-wishers of the party hope that this is true. 