THE (SALVATION OF GOD. (By F. W. Farrar D.D., Dean of Canter bury.) 'To liiiu (liat onlorcth Uis conversation aright will 1 show Hie salvation of Uod.' — 1'salm 1, 23. Pure religion, and undefiled before God and the Father involves three conditions— A rule of faith, a law of conduct, and the union and result of both in a righteous and godly life. Now, all religion must rest upon a faith, and in the Apostle's Creed the universal Church of Christ has sum med up all that she regarded as funda mentally essential in her belief. The great basis of that creed is that though God is in heaven and man upon earth, yet Jod and man are not infinitely separated from each other. Unspeakably little as man it in himself— a worm, a thing of nought, the creature of a day, whose life is as but a dream, a shadow, a vapor, the flash of a weaver's shuttle, a passing ripple on the. immeasurable sea, yet God is mindful of him, and God exercises over him a tender Fatherhood. God has revealed Himself, to him, so that he has become a little lower than the angels, crowned with glory and honor. Every man's vileuess has not utterly alienated God from him. God still says to this miserable prodigal, 'Ephraim, my dear son, is he a pleasant child?' It is' not the will of Him, our Father, that one of His children should perish. But the revelation of God to man is nearer, more: unspeakably tender, more divinely marvel lous even than this. It is that God. our Eternal Father, so loved the world that He sent His only Son into the work), not to condemn the world, but that the world through Him might be saved. This is the blessed mystery of the Gospel, into which the very angels desire to look. It is the blessed mystery of the life and death of the Son of Jod on earth. It may give hope of redemption even lo the most despair ing sou! by the Divine message that 'if any man sin we have an Advocate with the Father, .Jesus Christ the Righteous, and He is the Propitiation for our sins.' And even this is not all. The relation between God and man is nearer, closer even than this. Were it not so we might think that too exceptional a blessing had been grant ed to those Apostles of the Lamb, who saw and heard, and (heir hands handled the. Word of Life. But what said our Lord Himself? 'Verily, 1 say unto you it is ev pedient for you that I go away, for if f go not away the Comforter will not come unto you; hut if 1 depart 1 will send Him unto you.'' What? Expedient for them that He their Lord, iheir Ma-ier ihe Ligii: of rheir oy----. ;iieir inly Friend, should 'be ukeri from them? Yes fur iie was .inly i.iken from them for a moment, lo lie ic-i. ired to them tenfold for ever by the absolute indwelling of His holy Spiri;. In liie Old Dispensation the Temple ot .leru.-alem had been the earthly .-'mine of ihe Eternal God. In i iie Gospel 'lays the S,,n of Gml Himself dwelt in a iPii'l like ours, and of tiie -anifi m.uerul. .ind --iki- »f ihe 'IVmii'.e oi 11.-.= B.i.iy. In this our final l)ispens.ii :.-n, wie imlwcl',n\s of -i»d i- ;.u the heart 'i every i rue Chii-iiiiin nun. 'Whai? Know ve nut ih.u your li.ulics are temples oi the llolv Glios;. who dwelleili in you, except. .... 7 ...!?..? in .i it-till liniiiilt iitn i-. f 11,11 — ?? ~ii[|tL \\\ IT it i, «Hl ittt nil iiiiiii»iiw'i ? ».--._ 'except ve he reprobates.' This t':ii oi tlie Holy Spirit compel'* the essence of the Divine revel.u ion, and bring- life and immori.i'iiy to light. And all tins reve huiou is a revel, iti-m oi simple love. 'I'lii Amor,' said S;. Augustine, ' ioi Triuiias.' where love .s there h the Trinity. When ihe unhappy -.cm.m noe; 'He'inKi h H-ill.', « .«« asked by it Hi:!,' maid in the H.irz Mountains with ,i ir.,ub-d countenance. '' Do y--u wheve in ihe F.i : her. the Son. and [lie llolv Gho-f' in- .m-iwered, ' Yes, 1 do hi-.ieve in ;he Fiitlw-r who nude the he.iiHiiul earth .mil -nn. and moon mid siar«, and men an.! women: .m-i I do h.'.ieve in the wel'.-belowd Smi who revealed M u« wli.n Love .s and. of course, wa- criict 1ie.l f'.r i'.: ?uiJ I Jo ''eheve in Hie Jloi.v' Spirit 'ho breaks all the strongholds ot oi.pression and sets captives free. \ ew, the revelation of God m the 1 unity if Minplv the revelation of Gods love to ,„.,„.' ??I.'.' -'id Martin Luther 'a ,.,.,.. ,v,m.I,I mint a inclurc ol -----l, it must he .-I pi.-tuiv which is wholly lose, ?i- if Divinity were nothing but n lire of love, filling' heaven and earth. And ?vain it he would paint ;i picture ot lcTve, ' it imi-t be neither human nor anuelio. but a picture of God Himself \nd, as the beloved Archbishop Irencl* wrote, in one of his beautiful poems: — 1 siiy lo tlicc do thou repeat To the first man thou mayest meet hi lane, highway, or open street — That he, and we, and all men move Ci- dor a canopy of Love, As broad as the blue sky above. 1111'. SIA Rl-:i' UK AM. SALVATION. There tli'-n, is one essential of Chris tiinitv its essential creed; but a creed alone' does not constitute a religion. A creed is valueless and worse than . value less if it do not inlhiencc, and indeed, swa'v our conduct. The awlul Divine belief of Christians becomes a mere ver bal sham, a mere external nullity, no bet ter than ;i booming gong or clanging cym bal, no belter than a painted mask over the grinning features of a skull, it it do not mould our characters and make us righteous and holy men. Ihere are KOrae truths it h;-« been said, so true that in stead of being prepared for use in the workshop of the mind they are left to ho useless in the lumber-room of the memory, side by side with the most exploded errors. The nominal acceptance of a creed is one Ihing; righteousuesp is quite another. Views and doctrines are one thing, duty is quite another. Well might the German philosopher say that 'two things over power the soul by their awful majesty— the starry heavens above and the moral law within.' And well might he exclaim ''Oh, duty, thou sovereign power that holdest up the naked law in the heart of man, before which all pasisions are silent, however secretlv they may rebel.' And well may the English poet sing of duty. that she is the stern daughter of the voice of God: — (Stern mistress! yet thou dost wear The godhead's ruost benignant grace, Nor see we anything so fair As is the Bniile upon thy face. Flovrevs laugh before thee in their beds, And fragrance in thy footing treads; Thou dost preserve the stars from wrong, And the most ancient heavens through thee are finn and strong. 'What that supreme and sacred majesty requires of us, wrote the early Chris tian writer Laitantius, 'is innocence alone.' 'Well, Master,' said the Jewish Pharisee, when Christ had brought home to him the worthlessness of his pretentious religiosity; 'Thou hast answered right, for there is but one God, and to love Him with all the heart and to love his neighbor as himself is much more than all burnt offerings and Bacrifices.' Strange that he shouiu ever have had a doubt on the subject, when all his ancient Scriptures, in page after page, gave him tha answer and taught liiui the same lesson. We need only ask our Lord and Saviour the King of Glory. What is His answer? It was given not once- or twice, but in many forms. It is, 'Not everyone that sayeth unto Me, 'Lord, Lord,' shall enter into the kingdom of heaven, but he that doeth the will of My Father who is in heaven.' It is not 'Whatsoever ye wouM tujt men should do unto you, even so do unto them;' Jiot wire-drawn distinctions of scholasticism nor niggling nullities of ceremonialism, not petty altitudinisings of effeminate superstition; tiiis, this, it/uis is the La/.v and the prophets. Whatever be right, whatever be wrong in this perplexing world, whatever be true, whatever be false in this chaos of conflicting opinions, we cannot but be doing what is well nleasinp to the Cod and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, by softening our hard (hearts, by subduing our rebellious wills, by mortifying our corrupt affections, by curbing our bitter tempers, by dashing to the ground our revolting coneeitedness; by showing love towards God in humble, niaiily, and generous service towards our brother men. ' 'Cease to do evil, learn to do well'— that is true religion: and whatsoever tilings are true, pure, just, honest, of good report, if there be any virtue, if there be any praise, think: on these tilings— that is true religion. And to cast iiway the works of darkness and put upon us the armor of light, and to love (Jod and -lesus Christ Whom He hath eent; to love one another, as He gave us commandment — that is the beginning and tlie end and tiie life and the soul of .il; religion for which God care'. Was not (lie old English poet right when he s.uig: To pray to God contiiiiially: To learn to know Him rightfully, To honor God in Trinitio, The Trinilie in I 'nit io: The Father in His majestic; Tin1 Son in His himianitie: The Holy Ghost's benignitie: To serve Him always holilie: To praise Him aiua.vs ivorrhiiir: To love Him always steadlasllic; To live here always vertuously; To help the poor in misery: To hope for heaven's felicity; To have faith, hope, and eharMy; To count this world but vanity. Surely these be not only, as he says, points of Christianity, but, infinitely more than any six points or any sixty thousand points of petty ritualism, they are i/lie secret of .ill salvation. Dfn wni,s in niKiST'fi ki:ki'in-;. Two things we nave considered, the faith | of Christians and love as the be-all and end-all of real, ;is :ipart from veih.i! and slum religion. Hut bore, my friends, we are confronted at last with a crucial ques tion. We all know the experience that, oh, it is hard; hard and not so easy as it fieems to be good and not bad. We have taken a glimpse of the beauty and splendor of the Christian f.iitli. We liavc seen the simplicity and the majesty of Christian duly; but how are the two to be united? JJy what force shall we give reality to our Christian belief by a holy and consistent course? We all know that it can be done, for all the naints of God have done it. We know it can only be done by consciously giving our souls into the keeping of our Saviour, by wholly yielding ourselves lo the influences of Ilis Holy Spirit. Thus only can we utilise his appointed methods of pleasing Him, and of our deliverance from sin and Satan, by determinate pur pose, by earnest and ceaseless prayer, by resolute diligence in the service of God and man, by watchfulness over the evil l!i'ought.s of Mir hearts, Ihy stern battle against the lusts of the flesh and the passions of the mind, by immediate de cision to fly for refuge to the hope set before us. Christianity, believe me, only sinks into decrepitude when men degrade it by self-interested usurpations and h.il low falsities. When Olirist by His autho rity swept away the 'burdensome and futile traditions of a dead Pharisaism, He said, '(Believe in Me; come unto Me; follow Me.' The central force of Christ ianitv, 'the dew of its youth the hidden spring of its enthusiasm, the mighty secret of its success, the sure pledge of its ulti mate dominance; in Christ, in personal devotion to Christ. 'All other feelings,' it has been said, 'write their memories upon glass with a crayon; love writes upon crystal with a diamond. Of all the heart's powers, love alone is sovereign and im mortal.' No abandoned hoy in the city, no red man in the mountains, no negro in Africa, no cannibal in the Paciiic can finally resist its sweet solicitude. It under- ; mines like a wave, it rends like an earth- | quake, it melts like a lire, it inspire? like, music, it binds like a jhain, it cheers like a sunbeam. When any king or hero on earth has succeeded in inspiring love he ?has wielded a splendid and irresistible power. But what human being has ever inspired one-thousandth part of the love which the Lord Jesus kindled like a living flame on tho altar of millions of human 'hearts? The Magdalene wetted His feet with her tears, and wiped them with the hairs of her head. Children adored Him. the Levitic choir-boys shouted rap turous hosannas when He came. Zaeeheus, at oue word of gentle ness from Him, repairs the wrongs of a lifetime. Sliouting multitudes strewed IIjs path widi garments and with palms. Pila'te, tlie 'haughty and cruel Roman, is touched by His pale nobleness iivto awe smd pity. He broke the heart of Pete: into penitence t-y a single look. The dy ing robber, who eaiw Him only in His hour of dhaane, is melted to adoration by the pithos of His (huniilia'ted gSbry. St. Ste phen, un'der the helped BUmes in anguish lying, catches but oue glimpse of Him in vtaon, an*d radiance illuminates his angel ooiroitenance. St. Paul, at one glance of Him, flings away itoe sTj&ine; of a falae Pharisaism and the furies of a persecu ting bigotry'- At the talisman of the words Tor My sake,' the martyrs ex ulted in their death-defying utterance of truth, and uot fearing to flesh the tiger's, ravenous j'aws, or feel the sportive fury of the fencer's steel, bore, as St. Igna tius said, the burning ol their flesh, the breaking of their bones, ihe crunching of their whole bodies, if only they might at tain to Christ. '€hristianos ad !leones, ' shouted the brutal pagan mob, and the weakest boy ' would still answer exultantly, 'Christiauus sum'— 1 am a Christian. Amid their deadliest anguish they felt a joy, these martyrs, like the sweetness of night flowers, born in' darkness and tribulation, exulting that they were counted worthy to suffer shame forChrist's Name. The very young and the very old, the youth in the hey- day of his passions, the sober man of middle age, the tender maiden, boors and slaves, philo sophers and nobles, all were equally ready for Christ's sake to defy the powers of darkness to do their worst. Nor was this the mere hysteria of religion. It did not die with the martyrs; it has continued toi this day in all the noblest human hearts and in the heart of the multitude. The love of Jesus burned amid and purified the immense errors of mediaeval super stition. It shines through the scholastic subtleties of St. Thomas Aquinas; it throbs in the mighty thunderings of Sayo narola; it glows over the soft, silent pic tures of Fra Angelico! It rings through all our best hymns, whether written by Romanists, like Faber, or Dissenters, like Watts. That love of Christ visited the prisons with John Howard; it sought out1 the lost, abandoned women with Elizabeth Fry; it taught the ragged children with John Pounds and Robert Raikes; it broke the fetters of the slave with Clarkson aud Wilberforee; it preached the Gospel with Coleridge Pattison in Melanesia, anrV Livingstone in Africa: it toiled for tern* peranee with Father Matthew: it went tc die among the lepers with Father Damicn:. it wept with those that weep in the life long self-sacrifices of Lord Shaftesbury; it rescues children and street arabs with Dr. Barnardo; it ' labors in the lowest slums with the despised followers of William' Booth. Bright as the blue sky. majestic as the starry heavens; strong as the everlasting hills; broad as the inviolate sea, it has been the source of all the heroism and all the saintliness of nineteen centuries. This is Christ's 1'eal Presence So has lie fulfilled His promise— 'Lo, I am with you alway, even to the end of the world.' By humanly-invented doctrine and dead mummeries we may change the flawing garments of UN life into the grave-clothes of a dead Christ; but 'if any man have not the spirit of Christ he is none of Hi*.' To all who truly love Him He is ever ne.ir. St. Francis of Assisi saw Ilim in tin1 !epf-T whnm he kissed; and *t. Christopher in the child whom he carried across the stream, and St. Elizabeth of Hunsiiry in the sick to whom she minis tered, ami SI. Vincent de Paul in the gal ley slaves whom he rou.»ed from grim despair, and Bishop ir.inninglon in the 'nvagcs for whom he died. The love of Jesus, what it N. None but His lowd one.- know. I.1H-: roit Christ. My friends, you are nut called upon to make tho va^t, life-long sacrifice ot all, as they hail who gave up all that they had for Christ's sake, and gave il up with joy and gladness, and received therefor a thousandfold reward. But will you do noth ing' Will you let your lil'e slip uselessly, and selri.-hly, aud indulgently away'/ Oh, let these thoughts rouse every one of you with lhe determination that life is service, and that you will u-e your lives in the best way you can and to the utmost of your power in furthering the kingdom of the Lord, whom you profess to love. Tins is the first Sunday in Lent, and opportu nity is given you this evening for an act of generosity. The needs of your large and poor parish are very urgent, the ordi nary response of Christians to the needs immediately around them is deplorably in adequate. Will you not this evening show at least not the sacrifice of all you have, but some quite infinitesimal self denial, to help the work of Christ among you? Will you give worthily and gene rously to the urgent needs of your parish? Will the multitude who have come meaning to give a penny consider whether they might not give i-ixpence? Will the many who have come meaning to give the smallest .silver coin think whether they might not make a worthier sacrifice? ' Are there none among you who can contribute to these urgent needs a piece of gold to-night? If you give, God wil be no man's debtor, and behold lie will, in the highest way, pay you again. But be sure of tins — there is but one throne of God on earth; the throne in the unseen heart of man. That throne may be the heart of the most wide-ruling sovereign, or the heart of the meanest of his subjects; it may be the heart of the loftiest pontiff, who, amid the most gorgeous ceremonies, is .still secretly beating his breast with the cry of the publican. It may be that of the meekest missionary laying down his life on some wild foreign shore. It may be that of a millionaire, making to himself ', friends of the mammon of unrighteous ness. It. may be that of the bold philo sopher .seeking truth witli intrepid faith fulness. It may be that of some ignorant peasant telling his beads at the shrine of some questionable saint. Hut the heart of a bad man, however much he may con ceal it from human ga/e, can never be the throne of Christ. My friends, let every one of us pray — for every one of us is but an unprofitable sonant— that we may ever be faithful to the Lord of love; that we may never dis grace His service by selfish 'torpor, hv mean selfishness, by self-deceiving vanity, by bitter malice, by secret faithlessness. Let us in deepest penitence pray ever in the words r-{ the old hymn — A heart to praise my God, I A heart from sin set free, ! A heart's that sprinkled with the Blood So freely shed for me. A heart resigned, submissive, meek, My dear Redeemer's tnrone, Where only Christ is heard to speak, Where Jesus reigns alone. So shall we acquire a calm, unshaken trust in God; so .shall the Son of Righteousness — risen upon us with healing in His wings — scatter the dark clouds and earthborn mists of our wrathful controversies and faithless misgivings. Or if on earth they cannot be wholly dissipated, yet trans figure the dark and cloudy sky, ne shall paint them with purple and scarlet, and make them burn with unimaginable gold— So, with a ripple and a radiance through me, Rise and be manifest, 0 Morning Star! Flow on my soul, thou Spirit, and renew me, Fill with Thyself and let the rest be far. Safe in the hidden house of Thine abiding, Carry the weak knees and the heart that faints; Shield from the scorn and ever from the chiding, Give the world joy, but patience to the saints. 