A VETBRAN'H " ELOQUENCE. Tlio motion wan seconded by thn. Ilov. "Dr A. .1. Campbell, -a venerable, wlilto-benrdcd "fathor of thu church," than whom nunc In, tho Ansombly wna personally better filled ta upenk of "a century fund." There was warm applause from tlio houso nnd tho uudlenoo when Dr. Campbell rose, nnd then u hush fell upon all r.s tlm "father" drank a glass nf water, und steadying himself hy gripping hold of 'thu rail, commenced. lie said : This is lim' Inst opportunity I shall havo of apcaklng In tills house. I thntik God ho huo npnrcd mo to this day, and I do fed thu I if the church will throw linclf with all Un Itenrl and soul and mind mid strength Into tliln movement God will hires It, mid It will succeed. Thoro la nil old motto In Scotland coaaistliig of thrco words, wlilch means "A backward look, a for ward look, nnd an upward look." You Imvo hicn ashed to mnko a backward look. H yim dn llilo you will find abundant reason for a thanksgiving fund. You were asked to malto a forward, look. Pcopio nro toiling us tho twentieth century Is going tn l>o ono ot tho greatest and inout momentous centuries thu world hnsevcrucon rtneo our tiavlour wns upou earth. Next you hnvo ta toko nu upward look, lo trust Iho Majesty of tho heavens, God on high. Wo nro to licsccch Him, as wo hnvo prayed an earnestly this raoraltig-atid I wlnli all the brethren had been here— far tho gift of tbo Holy Ghost. That Is nil wo need ta carry out tbl# great work. (Applause.) 1 would not umbo ibis work u merely local one I would spread It over every Christian church; I would spread It over tho Hrltlsh Emplrc- (honr, hear)— and spread It over Ghrlstenidom. Mnko It a year of thanksgiving. French M Hormonn full of thanks, tihow your neoiilo yflmt they awo to God. (Applause; uud A Voleo from tho ntidleuco : Hear, hear! Lot us glvo plenty of llmnlio.) Dr Mnrshall mipported tho motion. Ho Old not think It. would ho posslblo for him. to not himself apart for tho work, as had been pro- posed, bceuuso R was Hcureely likely tficy would get n minister from England to tuko hi place. .. He would, o( courae, do all he tould tn bencfit tho fund. (Hear, hear) The Rov. 'IV H. Cnlrns. Dr. MucDonald. Mr alfour, M.L.C Itev. \v. o. Moconuclilc, and Itov. Andrew Hardy cjiobo lu support rciier- ally of Clio motion. 