A Ghost. . -4- £ For the Hawkesbury Advocate. ' i IT is traditionally the proper thing, at least in the Old Country, to have a ghost story at Christmas, and we may be allowed in ail strictness and dutifulness to follow the custom of our forefathers in this particular, although at this end of the world, with a sparse population, ghosts cannot bé ex- pected to be in such frequent evi- dence, being also probably afflicted with a certain shyness which is peculiar in Australia. Wherefore it may be« necessary to have the imported article-not of the ghost, but of the story, which, perhaps, will be the more acceptable on the comfortable assurance that the object itself is at an ample dis- tance. If these unpleasant visitants are fond of haunting localities where all sorts of dreadful things have happened, they ought to be as nu- merous in the Old Tower of Lon- don as mosquitoes are in this dis- trict at present. The horrors that have been enacted in some of the chambers of that anc ent fortress must be as ninny, and as evil as- sorted as the contents of the witches cauldron in " Macbeth." t'orne years ago the Pall Mall Gazette contained an account of a mysterious shadow of an axe, which appeared on one of the inner walls of the tower, and which a number of visitors viewed with alarm, for it seemed to be not stationary, but to come and go at will. This led a correspDndent to point out that one of the best authenticated ghost stories of the century, belonged to that old budding, and was supplied by Mr. Edmund Lenthal Swift, who at the timo was keeper of Her Majesty's regalia, and had residence in what was known aa the * Jewel House.' Late on one Saturday night in October, 1817, he was in his sittingroom, the doors and windows wereclosed, heavy curtains excluded the air, and lights were burning on the table. For the rest we give his own published woads : ' I sat.' says he, ' at the foot of the table, my son on my right, his mother fronting the chimney piece, and his sisters on the other side. Suddenly my wife exclaimed, 'GoodGod! Whatisthat?' Hooked up and saw a cylindrical figure like 1 a glass tube seemingly about the | thickness of my arm, and hovering between the ceiling and the table. Its contents appeared to be a dense fluid, white and pale azure, like to the gathering of a summer cloud, and incessantly rolling and ming- ling within the cylinder. This lasted about two minuten, when it b )gan to move slowly towards my sister-in-law ; then fellowing the oblony shape of che table before my son and myself ? passing behind my wife it paused for a moment over her right shoulder (observe, there *as no mirror opposite to her in which she could tben behold it.) Instantly she crouched down, and with both hands covering h«-r shoulder she shrieked out, " 0 God it has «-eized me." Even now while writing I feel the fresh horror of that moment. I caught up my chair and Btruck at it, dint- ing the wainscot behind her when instantly it disappeared. < I am hound to add that shortly before thia «orne young lady resi dents in the Tower bad been, I know not wherefore, suspected of making phantasmagoric experi- ments at their windows, which, be it observed, had no command what- ever on any windows in my dwel- ling. An additional sentry was accordingly posted, so as to over- look any such attempt. Happen- ing, however, as it might, following hard at heel the visitation at my household, one of the night sentries at the Jewel Office was, as he said, alarmed by a figure like a huge bear issuing from underneath the door. He thrust at it with his bayonet which stuck in the door, then dropped in a fit, and was carried senseless to the guard room. His fellow sentry declared the maa was neither asleep nor under the influence of drink, he himself having seen him a moment or two before. Of all this I avouch noth- ing more than that I saw the poor man in the guard-house in a state of nervous prostration, and that in two or three days the result (heit of fact or fancy) was that he died.' It is only right to add that neither the# sister-in-law nor the son, who was only seven years of age, saw the hovering figure. The mystery of the axe was later accounted for. There is, it seems, in one of the towers of the fortress a peculiar old loophole, somewhat resembling in shape the capital letter T, with the arms shortened ; this loophole is in the wall of a chamber, outside which there is another wall. When the outer wall is in shadow, and the gas is lighted in the chamber, the light thrown on the outer one through the loophole gives it the appearance of a battle axe. REV. A. S. SWIFT. 