ODHBENT TOPICS. There -Is, or It is generally understood that there Is, ' d'i Parliamentary draftsman In the colony, and It. Is the business of that gen- tieptan, with his Btaff, to prepare all mea sures which Parliament is asked to pass Into law. Mr. Watklns worthily fills the impor tant position, and to Mr. "Watklns, it would seem, the responsibility attaches both ' of .drafting the original bill, and giving expres sion to any amendments that may be made. !W!io so competent, then, as Mr. Watklns to assist the Ministry In seeing any new mea sures through Parliament? Mr. Reld answers .Mr.'- Pollock, of the Attorney- General's De-' partmerit. Mr. "Watklns may protest agalpat this as an unjustifiable intrusion on'his proper sphere, or, like a wise man, accept in silence the relief offered from certain onerous obliga tions? But whatever view lid may tuke, the whole buBlnesB has to the publlo an (Unsatis factory appearance. . It "seems at: least like putting execution In the place of judgment, tiie, executive officer in, the place of the con structive officer, the cart before the horse in plain words. y ' — The "Telegraph" has notions of Its own, probably, ub to the constitution of the Uni verse, and It Is doubtful if even thev would appear more strange thpn those which are new set up with regard .to the making and the Unmaking of Ministers in this colony. The .lotest assertion Is that thpugh Ministers are usually the . creation of the people, . "this does not relate to tills colony." OUr Ministers arp! "the creation of the secret conference of the' Premiers." Truly/a potent and prolific con cern was that Conference. It not only took Mr. Reld In and did for him, but It made the Ministry: which" now serves' her Mp-'jesty in this colony of New South Wales. It is Im possible to say how jthls was accomplished. The "Telegraph"- knows, but does riot explain. Ir. shirks explanation by venturing yet farther Into the field of suggestion, and the latest suggestion is that the.people of this colony should Impeach and try the Ministry for "compromising with Its own conscience." What a delightful opportunity that charge would make for those members of Parliament who like to talk all round a subject, and some times lack excuses to bring In matters which the Speaker plight, deem Irrelevant. Compro mising with.consclerice Is, Indeed, all-em'brac-' ing, but just a little vague, .perhaps, for prac tical purpose. It Is evident that Ranjttsinhjl has aban doned all intention to form a crlekqt team for Australia next year. . At least that is the coii- rlv-sion te be drawn from- the announcement lliut Majoi Warcill has lnvite.l the Vjnrylo- bane Club to selpct a team. There are-a good ufany details- to be' /settled in connection with the matter.' The in"'Ojved' government of cricket affairs' in Australia Is'xo full of possi bilities of hitches in eny negotiations set on foot thnt-nothlng Is certain until everything Is. signed and sealed. One thing, however, is sure, and that Is that any representative Eng lish team will receive a hearty welcome, and iely upon a pleasant tour. But to ensure the complete success of the enterprise the chosen men must be thoroughly representative. There Is a suspicion of the querulous In the report that a number of Austrlnns have just sailed away from Auckland, New Zealand, each with £500 worth of savings from the gumflelds. But the proper way to look at It Is that these "Inferior creatures" have shown superiority to the Anglo- Saxon in this little matter of a little saving/ which gives Uttle people the enormous advantage of a start In life. With £500 a man who knows how lo work and save can get comfortable, sturdy Independence fut of virgin land In any part/of Maorlland. It may be, from out point of view, Idiotic of % these Austrlans to take their £500 away; to a worse country. Nevertheless, they deserve the thanks of a people who never would have got- the money out of the gumflelds to take away for their valuable educational example. Dean Cowper ,1s a full year past the age which Her, Majesty will need to attain to set the world ablaze with yet another jubilee; and sill Is hale and hearty In body and In mind. It le strange how many of the men and women who were born and bred In the pioneer days of the colony last out beyond the allotted span. Strange, also, how many of the earlier sons nnd daughters of the pioneers attained almost giuntic proportions, as the traditions of Wind sor and Dapto natives testify. The Dean siiw Sjdney a city of 6000 sculs, and the county of Northumberland practically a private estate, as fairly in the bands of the A. A. Co. as was early Pennsylvania In- those of William Penil. His memories and observations, acute always as devout, ought not' to be lost to the land, even though modesty, which deepens with ripening years, resents the Idea of publica tion. The Dean would find abundant prece dent as justification for permitting the publi cation of his memoirs, and Buch a course would be good service to his church as $o the colony. The Ariti-Federal executive make a very sorry show In connection with the notorious 'Want cables. For, as it appears In the light of the latest correspondence, the ex-Attoruey- General was not only made to say what he did not juLt-jiu lu say, nut aiso was made a publicist of opinion which he only Intended for a private, ear. .. It is not a matter of much im portance now, -it never was. Indeed, a matter of much Importance, for though the "Let her go, Gallagher," did very well on the occasion of the -first referendum, on the twentieth of June last people had come to take a more serl- "ous view of matter's, and Mr. Want pcrsonally before them, and, militant, as of old, would have fallen very fiat. The Anti-Federal exe cutive should, of course, hove respected pri vate communications, but their excuse may be that they wc-re very sorely pressed. One after the other their metriu buckram vanish ed, and even the ghost of an old-time fighter In a bad cause, though but "blown along a wandering wind and past their ear," was not to be let pass. Federalists may, If they need It, gather new assurance from the fact that Mr. Want was made to say all that Antl- Federallsm would have desired him to say, and still- in. vdln. i General Alger, the United States Secretary for War. Is the most roundly abused official of the day. Having survived the scandals attending the occupation of Cuba, he Is now the target for the wholesale abuse of all who condemn the wretched campaign In the Philippines. The latest despatch from Manila Is somewhat appalling, and not likely to cheer Mr. Alger.. . It id said there are 4000 troops In the hospitals, that tho soldiers are dis couraged, and complain of over-work and of being badly handled, and that? there 1b a gene ral outcry against Secretary Alger.' This looks very much as If the attempt of the Antl- Imperlul agitators in the United States to stir up disaffection among the troops Is un necessary. The .troops appear to be dis affected already. Truly the work of expan sion Is one which requires a trained army properly equipped. . , The conclusion of the reciprocity treaty be tween Jamaica and the United States Is a happy outcome of the efforts of the Jamulcans to save to ' themselves the American market for their sugar. Mr. Chamberlain was ap parently unable to drive any reasonable bar gain with the trnlted States in regard to Jamaican products; so he Informed the. Jamai cans that they could send delegates to Wash ington and see how much they could squeeze cut of Uncle Sam. Fortunately, the United States is In a pacific mood towards the British lion and his oubs, hence the good news of re ciprocal' relations having been established — news which should be received with the great est rejoicing In Jamaica. A market of seventy pillllons of people meaiis a great deal. Mean while, it will, boof Interest to learn how the new arrangement will affect the negotiations be tween Jamaica and Canada. ' A complaint from Gosford revives one's knowledge of the. vandalism which disgraces tills and other colonies. This vandalism Is not always mere irreverence; orfeheor wan ton rtestructiveness. Frequently It Is the victory of. the useful over the beautiful, In the perpetually-recurring struggle "between them, of which so inuch of colonial life con sists. Where grass pays better than tim ber, the timber must suffer. That Is the rule. Lovers of tho picturesque cannot hope to pre vent Its appllcatlo'n; they can only try and limit it to cases of < actual necessity., For example, tho forest, which is more valuable' to the State, tyliich can afford to wait, ought to, be resumed from the Individual, who de pends on present profit. For example, also, there are many beauty spots whose destruc tion can be profitable to - no one. Again, great timber reserves are required to protect the watersheds, on. whlph depend the water supplies o£ great populations. Here Is ample field for a Pleluresque).PreserV.atlon (Society, largely recruited f(om! ,the cyclists' , and "Kodak" people of this -energetic . country- Such a society' would' be an lnvaluiible help topubllc opinion and the Lands Depart ment. 1 Sooner or later Sydney will be obliged to follotv tile-example of Wellington. (N.zV) by seeking legislative, authority . .to '.'make straight her crooked streets. Like all; cities which have grown upon 'the tortuous by paths pursued by the primitive bullock team Sydney Is a network of narrow thorough fares, abrupt turnings, odd corners, and un lovely alleyt. There was : rio Battled design among the original aiithoi'jfles! under whose regirno the city was constructed, and there Is less, If anything, under the sway of the City Corporation as ut present constituted. It takes nearly a generation for the council to put back an alignment, which, jibuts Into a thoroughfare. The aldermen, however, may make a beginning by studying wha£ Is being done elsewhere Often robberieB have > their redeeming fea ture, even such robberies' as the duster lly outrage by which a brutal, coward yesterday- got £100 from a young girl at Balmain. The redeeming feature In this case Is the plutk or.d presence of mind shown t|y Miss Alice. Agnetv, the young girl In question. Instead of fa'ntlng, or losing her head Iri terror, Irom the pain of the ruffian's blows,- and the help lessness due to overfnaBtiirlWg ' ToteP,-!,tshe oiruggled to the utmost extent 'o'f hep power, and kept her head cool enough to save -part o? the money in her charge. The final Referendum figures are. In, and tbey show that the colony has vo.ted- for -Fe deration by a majority, of 24.079 .out of a total pf 190,161 votes polled. . This result Is absolute and conclusive victory: response to every 'challenge, final endorsement . of- Jche act which Is now to be accomplished. Tho minimum of 80,000 lie.-. red the majority's choice a year ago, and it was doubted if that number would be overpassed, or even reach ed, on this occasion. By the": best friends of the cause it was hardly deemed possible that the full third which Mr. Fllcher pro posed could he obtained,' but the aroused pub lic went beyond that, and, as Mr. Critchett Walker's final statement shows,) rolled up to the polls in greater numbers than at some general elections of which we have record. Vote and majority equal. those which endors ed the policy with which some Ministries have faced the country. And still the Ob structionists squirm, and say It is not all over. But that Is true enough.. The Fe deral Impulse and the -Federal progress will be radically Immortal, and the one side will keep on federating, while the other will raise objections for evermore. But that other will not continually win more esteem In the land. The decision of the Appellate Court of New York as -to the distribution of the sur plus of certain Insurance societies will, if up hold by the Federal Supreme1 Court, some what revolutionise the positions of some com panies. The New York Court has held that the society which was concerned in the test case must equitably distribute the wi.ole of its surplus, notwithstanding .the provision In the policies which stipulates that tiie so ciety shall be the sole judge of the amount of the surplus to be distributed among the policy-holders, and how It Is. to be appor tioned. As the matter has to be dealt with by the final court It would be premature to discuss the decision except to point out that societies with a State charter, cannot con tract themselves arid their clients outside th» terms of their charter, according to thU judgment. If the entiling municipal legislation is per- IUIV4VU IV Ullivvujr lite IJIlllVipiC" VL lire >JIUUI guarantee to all municipal loans It will do the right thing. It will enable the people to use their own credit for saving their own money. At the same time., the State ought to insist oil some safeguard against -reckless borrowing by ratepayers with inordinate Ideas about the present importance orfuture destinies of their boroughs. The well-known ancient propensity to mistake the cackle of one's little burgh for the voice of the world Is, If not checked, capable of vast, mischief when it comes to deal with' finance. For the loans now due by municipalities the State should help their renewal and consolidation under similar limitation against the guaran tee of the Insolvent. The two leading fea tures of the bill In this connection ought to bo: — First, that no debt should be Incurred without reasonable hope of payment; second, that bankruptcy must seek relief, riot in a State guarantee, but. in a bankruptcy court. The youth Larkln, of Braidwood, who crawled a mile and swam the Shoalhaven River with a broken leg, to obtain help, is of the stuff of which heroes are made.- Though bis adventure had no. fatal ending, It Is one which fpr'clbly recalls the deed- of the brave station hand in "How He Died." - In the lat ter tho mortally-Injured bushman 'crawls painfully to the doctor's, and shams' intoxica tion In order to haste the doctor to the station to save a boy's life.- Self-sacrificing, Indeed, and very Improbable most would say. Yet in this simple message from the Shoalhaven comes a similar test of physical and mental endurance, bravely borne, by a lad— one of those hardy boys of the bush whom a free life has made resourceful ahd self-reliant. Long may Australia bpast boys of his calibre. . One man one vote having. passed the Tas- manlan Lo.tyer, Housp, we spe,itbe, first -:frriit of Australian Federation, which thus is seen to bear democratic fruit, and- even during Its voyage to the Statute Book, The Upper House in the little Island Is full of . tha squarest of square-toed" conBervlvps, of the rlgldest of tho old pattern, because It has one of the most limited constituencies1 (£20 freehold, £80 leasehold,; letrned liberal pro- fesslons, &c.;>, but It may be -doubted If even these, will venture to resist the ''pry of the Tasmanlan manhood to be' placed on the some electoral plane as the manhood of Aus tralasia Is offered by the Commonwealth Bill. The Victorian Lowur House Is also abolish ing plural voting, and' It Is Improbable that the almost equally rigid conservative Council will repeat itB old tactics of obstruction of the popular will. Queensland, at the same time, shows signs of an attack on plural voting, which will also In all ' probability be successful. The democracy of these col onies will never consent to be restricted locally when they are free federally/ Two proposition's found vent at tiie confer ence on the stock-driving nuisance, held at Lelchhardt, which present- alternative reme dies in a nutshell. To' abolish/the annoyance caused .by cattle traversing the -streets it was urged on the one hand that a light line of railway should connect with the Glebe Is land abattoirs, arid on the other It was con tended that as the railway would not go to the abattoirs the abattoirs should go to the railway. The latter opinion prevailed with tho conference, which favoured Flemlngton as the new sltf , It was generally conceded that cattle, saleyardsi and slaughter-houses, should all be together. Tlio principle Is a good one, and must be. supported. , : 