A DAUGHTER of the PEOPLE. ruiLituisii ay zvboui. ABIUXSIUIISXI. 33 "sr "RIT'A"/, Author o£ "Tha Sinner," u Hitty tho Rag"," the Rake," "A Woman in It," V A Husband oI No lmporrttuoe," " Master Wilherforce," 41 Darby uiid ! . Joan," 4,S:nlei Secret," Tbe Muu in Pojsesaioi)," "Two . . Bad Blue Eyes," Ac., ' Copyright. CHAPTER XXXVm.-rifrtW.) m IOKE x I Ml Kiiddo n 1 y . . foot. 1f . uNow, i inotlicv," ho said, "yon inritai that; . 'UTiiin heroim. your . jU'-jsf. . Ciroum- tuiinu TniidiT it impossihlo thufcho hould Mtay on an mine. IToilcav- in Groom to- niirht, if, indocd, he ha not left already." 44 But Mickey," t»ho gasped, 'what'# tho tiiojuiiug of it P Why you wouldn't turn a do;: our on Huuh a liighc." "Porhups not," he Hiild. 44 There arc doga far tiohler than muny i»uu." 4Htivtf you qimrrollodP" 4 Novor miu- 1. I yun answer no question. Ho rucoguiae the itnp'oibUity of Htuyiug under my roof. No more need bo nid." M ludcecl, that's vory well for you, but it doGunt satisfy imd nt nil. Mr. Olive aud I wer grifir. frionds, nnd hn umnse mo more than uiiybcKiy. What's ho dono to be treuled in ihiri unci vil riwlnon ? An:l, indoed, Mickey, it' very sunugo conduet on your part I niust any, and not the way u jrentloninii should act ut all : leaving nlono un Irish ontleinun, who, a your poor, father used to say, is the model of courtesy nil tho world ovor." 4 You'll drive mo mad, mother," exclaimed Mickey. One for all. I'm master her/, and L menu to show myself so. This covr/irdly villain hn insultou Brinniia. Ihave ttveuircd that iriHtilt iu 017 own fashion. No moro need be sniii " . ' But sure, isn't Brinunu witli him now ?" Th»» tend ii)veriieraum» olautr of tho grunt dcior rung suddenly tinnuh thehmie. S«mie- one had evidently passwl through, clouinj' it violently. " Is that him — gone? And I never to say goodbye?" exclninind Lndy Skibhcreon, and ho ritdtOfl impetuously iuto the hull. No ono was thero. Mmkoy followed her. and luid his hand on herarm. : 'mG«» np to Brianna' room,'' h© said, Htornly. See if she' there.- And for GodV uku don't worry h«r with qnostUuis ! Oomo back and let mo know. I'U wait here." Awed by hi look nud louo'eho wont m'ontly up tho utalre. Ho stood by tho fireplace look ing down into tho heart of tho dull rud onibora. His .face had the culm of death, but not it painlessness. It soosned a long time beforo Lady Skill- bcroen roturnod. 41 She won't let mo in. She was crying ; I heard her. Bat nothing would iuduco her to open tho door." Mickey ruined his head. "Cryinjr?. Well, what of it? Wurnon cry for 0 littlo.'' , Yet. tho susho iu his heart took thu Htitti'pues of a new pain as ho turned silamly away. . "Iiidend, it's a perfoefc Cnstlo of Otrnuto wirh inystories and quarrel, and ono thini?' and ' another," exclaimed his mother, as he watched him move aluwly down tho hull. All his movements wero triow now. Anoriuin mccnanical effort oflnicd to direct thom. All physical energy wim guue. She made ono of her impetuous swoops in, the direction of th drawing- room. jCoino out. all of you !" sho said. Wo'w had cuouirh of ghosts and gloom and' horror. Lul's make up tlio firo and nit in tho hull and grivo ecrctnony the go-by ! 'it doesn't Kfcra to ugrou with any of ns. Here, I'll rhur for Murphy, and ho shall ring up the punch-bowl, and we'll brow it ourselves and forget our troubles. Tndocd, if I'd thought Mickey's hoiiiecotuing wus to bo liko this I'd huvo a lief hud him postpone it. W hut's como to tho men ? I'm suro I don't know ! Link oven at Mr. (.orrimer! His face is a gloomy us a churchyard." 1 Phi! ikiid Tikdv h'umhiuhnm r/nui with alacrity, Tbe craning hud eortrtinlr boon luust dcproHsing. nud Isirrimcr was u .per/Kit wet, blanket ovurlylua thut depression. To uxclmugo tlie stiff, gloomy drawing-room for tho wurm uud friiuihnr hull was 11 welcome relief. Equally welcomo wub the ouriimoe of thot'ootttmu with big silver bowl aud tray of glasses,' lemons, uud spirits ueceiuary for the "brow," on whou umiiufnuture their hostess speuinlly prided horseH.' ' ' 44 Now, whore's that buy of wine gone?" she exclaimed, as she begun to ladlo out tho stemming beverage into the waiting tumbler. 44 Did tiuyuuo ever knuvv the like of him ? If these uro all tho manner ho learnt in Paris, it's aurry X mn he ever went there. " 44 And whore's Britiunn ?" exuhittned Ray. 41 Don't tell mn ho bu i lopbd with Olive." 4 No, I eau uuswer for tlrit. Sho' its hor rooin ; sutfoiiug from lowues of spirit, too. But, indeed. I'ni forgetting about hor accident in tho storm. No wonder aho1 u littlo bit up«ot," 44 That was u horrid bruiso ou her fore head," said PhU, suddenly. 44 1 had to do hor huir for her, and eho . oompluiiHd of' the pain. It didn't show muoh beeauso I one one look of huir to cover it. It only mado her look prottior." 44 Yen, indeed. She a rare beauty, is Brlanua," exclaimed Lady Skibbereeu, 44und as good .and honest n girl us over 'draw breath# I'm a fond of her a if she was me own child. Only I wish sho wouldn't be so mysterious with - herself. Mr. Lorrimr, do go mid find Mickoy, will you ? Tell him he's eur.irely neglecting tho duties of hospitality, and we're till ashamed of him 1" Imrriraer, nothing lotb, put down his glass and left. Ho found Mlokey in .the .library. Ho wa atundinir Iu the middle of the room, his eye fixed ou vaonnoy. He sturtod viwibly a Lorrlmer entered. 44 1'vo beou sent to fetch yon. They are all in the bull——1 " He paused nnd gluncod round. 44 Has he gone— rosily ?" 44 Yes. I wondor what happened ?" 44 You've not seen Briannu,? 44 No, but I muMt. Things cannot rest as thoy uro. Perhaps tomorrow " Ho put his baud to hi forehead in a vogue uncertain way. Lorrimor ahk into a chair. For tbe moment hi orratid waa forgotten. 44Thll mu," said Miokey, hoarsely, 44what the sceuo this oftcruoou convoyed to you." 44 You raoau when ho brought her home?" "Ye." Lorrlmer averted hi eyes. A spasm of pain shot across hi usually Impassive face. 44 1 think," he said in a low oven tono, 4 4 you stand to her in place of guardian by virtu© of all you have done for her in the past Ask W-what happened." Mickey said nothing, Oniy he seated him self by tue table and covered his eyo with his huniK Luriimer glancing op at last aw that hi teotb had clenched on his lower lip as if tbuy would bite it through. 44 No," hA aid hoarsely, and hi hand fell and struck the'tablo as if iu ' utter helpless- iie, Icaa'tdo that. She — she must speak horself." Lorrimor ro3e uud bogau to paco tho roeni with rcstle.-'s Htrtdos. 41 It K'uiiib impud.-iblo tlmt she cau mean to marry him," ho said. 44 Of course, lean undorrtiatid hia eagorues. Ho wants a sub ject for hypnotic oxporimeuis. .She. is un admirable one. By ttmrriiigu ho can scuuro her legally. Tho question is. who turn break the spoil that bind bor will to his?" 44 Only a man she loved," said Mickey, slowly. 44 But doe sho love unyono ? That is tho queatiuh. . I confess sho ban always given mo tlie imprcsnioii thut all turn are ahko in- different to her. You, who know her ro well, white i.H your opinion ?" 44 lean form 110110. it is long since 1 lust saw her. I kuow nothing of hor lifo or what fricmlssho has undo iluriug that time., It doesn't scHm very loug, but timo count for so littlo when — — " His voice broke. 41 You, Lnrrituer." ho said presently, 44 you— too, lovelier?" 44 1 Imvo becn fighting against it these two years. I v/oul i uot acknowledge it, I — wa» afraid. . If was rhe old story of'posifciou. My father is so proud, uud I his only turn. But ! kuow to-night that I hud beou a fool. You remember what Clivo said : 4 You have had your chmioes.. Lot him keep who— wins.' " 44 Hut, she— sho?" repeated Mickey, ro.it- leiuly.- t I have never said-, a word that could hurray myself. And she h» always treated me with the t<iime calm frionrllincH. Ahvitya said that for hor arc mcanr, und should be, all. h») is so utterly uuiiko other women " 44 That ha» uot saveil her," said Mickey hltteriy. 4 What I. read iu her eyes lo-nujht told rr«o m much. It tnado mo long to kill tlio bruto who hn made her hufior." 44\. What can wo do?" uslced Lorrimor, holplesdy. 44 If ho meant what hu said he will marry hor, oven against hur will. And oh, to think of tho lif#5." Hush ! " crio.1 Mickey stotinily. . 44 'Micro imi-.tt !».. a way «»ut of it. Tlicro slmll. Mho must be saved from such a fare. Think of her. Tliiulc of hor beauty, hor genius, her undeveloped power. God ! it's nwdcV.a- ing! " 4 ilark ! " cried Lorrimor. 44 What's that ? " It wa a soft tap at tho door. A voice, broken nnd entreating. 44 Mickey," it said. 44 Mickey, arc you there?" Ho starled (o his foot and tho blood rushed 111 a warm torrent to hia face. Ho wa ntiho door era the soft voiuo ceased its pluintivc questioning. He throw it op&u;, and Briuuna eniored. She woroHtiU thu white gown, but her long hair wuu unloosed, and huuir iu wavy ripple to hor feet. Her faco wa colourless, and hur eye had the spout and woeful look of ono weary with wuoping. When who saw Lurrimer fho started, and a faint colour swept her cheek-. 44 1 wanted to see Mickey." alio faltered. 44I— I am just going," Lorriuiar auhWHred ; and he eroded to the door. He. closed it, nud wont rlowly away. Tho iioisu of voices in tho hall broko oii his ear, nnd reminded him of an unfulfilled miHfion. 44( must tell thom! could not find Mickey, " ho thouaht, 4 4 and theu keep t-hem away front —thoro." Ho looked nt tho closed door of tho library. Ah ho looked ho hoard the sound ot a key turned in tho lock, to bb continued. 