THE LADIES' PAGE. CHATTER. "I clutter, chatter, u I go."-Tennyson, ON GOINfi TO SLEEP. "Know yc tlie road to tha Merciful Town That is hard by the «ea of dreams, Where the poor way fay their wrongs awa/4 And Uia sick may forget to weep. But we-pity us I Oh, pity ub! We wakeful; all, pity UB! We must go bnek with Policeman Day Back from the City ot Sleep. Wcarj- thsy turn from tlie scroll and crown, Fetter and |»a_\cr and plough They that go up to the Merciful Town, For her fjates arc closing now. It it^Iieir rip/it in the Iia.Lhs of Night Bcdy and Boul to steep. But we-pity uel Oh, pity usl We wakeful; ah, pity us! We must go hack with Policeman Day Back from the City of Sleen. From "Tlie Brushwood Boy," Kiplinff. Do you ever wish you were dead? Oh-?well, perhaps that in rather a start ling- question to put. Let'# trv another way. Uo you ever, when things are difficult and life looks very black, wish you could just stoy living (here and then?" 1 suppose it is this feeling that makes some children Pity, "1 wish 1 was dead!" c,n very wnal! provocation. In ft book the other day I came on an idea I had thought all my own: "AJost of us in our youth have wished to die a little young-but only for a short time." J>id you never plan to do. (hat? 1 think the idea occurs generally when some one Jim been "horrid" and unfeel ing, and said unkind things about one's shortcomings. 'J hen one plans to die cither suddenly and heroically, or slowly in beau tiful calm and resignation, whichever strikes one a* mojst effective and harrowing, and j one feels a satisfaction, by no means angelic, in the thought of the offending person's Borrow and remorse. I seldom got so far as my o,wn funeral, or, if ] did, suddenly repented, nnd de cided to come alive again, and forgive every body at the last mornen!. You see I wanted to die, as the writer said, ''only for a .short time." Later one's wish to "die a. little" is prompted rather by a wish fo,r rest than revenge or sentiment. The burden of life is bo heavy, one'a arms ache, if only-if only one could lay it down a, while! And yet-that is just What one doea when one goes to sleep. We may not put to out" life sentence tne decisive full stop that sometimes in impatience of half understand ing we fancy we wo,uId like to set there and have done with it, but every night comes a nee little comma of more or less com plete oblivion to give us breath to go on with the tangled sentence and make bettor aeri-e of it. Route happy people actually fall asleep ta.ke one delightful plunge into slumber, others go softly through a dim borderland ol conscious r&st; fulness, other linger on the threshold in a cold, cheerless twi light of wakefuln-.^s haunted by m any thoughts. 1 always raw that '"'jolly young water mart" v. iio could "row :>U:Jsf; thinking trf no thing .'if, nil;" if one eou'd only arrive at that! ISut v:!icn the brain most, needs r-'ist >t scetn* to go out of gear, somehow, and Wf>i-k.s at double speed. It is perfectly hopeless t*a break off short from brain work wilti everything in going order and expect t.o go to sleep. One should slow down carefully. Here a book" of a not tin exerting kind i» useful-anything to turn Die thoughts ana}' frmn t'hc groove they have been working in. What do you think of wvi.m you are try ing to go to sleep. I never found counting ."her-]) through gate, or adding up the mils in a horse's shoes, or counting up to a thousand, or rer ) idling poetn", or any otjier plan supposed to be good to be of much use-yet one caD see that all have -their foundation in a -.ourul pr.neiple .- that of con'.roVi >nfl thrmjjlil". i.'.t l.v trying not to think, but l>y occupying them with some harm lei* and so-'U:j>r.p isubicet to the exclusion of <}»c work and worry you \vi- Ji l,o forget. A very wis-e old p'-caehcr in a sermon on evil thoughts nomied. out that in endeavouring not to tlnnk of any <riven subject you kept f'ha1: very *;ib;cei. mime your mind-the only way was to think of s'oniething else. is lust the. -ame w?-\\.h anxieties -the more \ on fiy to avoid them ihe more they come. Hv day v«; fight fhern off with work, but in t.'c In How ot the darkness u h:rh we [in.i throng!) like a tmme] between day and day; in Ihe rtti.ct tim" when we s-'i.'.uhl be .uleep ieg they conic and i.vhiuTif>r and insist:. '"Suppose and Miprose"--with a long story i hornhle po-'^ihilit.ies, are! cne's brain , wider awake than ever, nnd without nny . thine to d t--.tract its attention, worries and ! w'»iTi/'.i over them as a dog does over a. i bone. | l)n von know that bi| m "The Autocrat I nt t.he Jlreakfa.-t-t.ihle?" "Our brains are seventy-year clocks. The Angel of I.ifH winds them up once for all, then elo-e.s the case and give-, the key into the hand of the Angel of the Tlesnrre/jtiw. i Tie-bud .tic-tac 1 goes the wheel.- of thought; our will cannot stop them: they cannot stop thenisekvs; sleep cannot still them; mariners only makes them go faster; death alone can break into the ca-^e, and seiy.infi; the ever-swinging pendu'i'in, which we call tlie hrart, sib nee at la>t the clicking of that ! terrible escapement we have carried so long beneath m:r wrinkled foreheads." Does not tha-,I, niak- you think of sleeple-s night* - when you seem to heir nnd feel the machinery you think with, whirring and gTating and throbbing. The only thing, as the doctor says further (.n, is !.<?> c-ontrfi! nnd di rect -ami that is possible though bvr nrt means ea«y-is well worth trying, for fail ure1 means disa-ler. 'd nlcss the wills maintJiin a rtain con trol oyer these movement*, w'iiieh it cannot stop, men are v( ry ajit to try to get at the machine by some indirect .'yste/u of lever age or other. 'Jhey clap on the brakes by means of opium; thev change the madden ing mr>nr>tony of the rhythm by means of fer mented liquors, ft is beeavise tlhe brain is locked up and we cannot touch it« move ment directly that we thrust the^e coarse tools in through any crevice hy which they may reach the interior, and to alter it" going For r while, and at la.'t tfpoil t.he ma chine." .So you w?e there is good in everything, and fhat wean* experience, ,-( wakeful nitrht:, i* a grand opportunity for mental discipline of the rnos-t useful kind, and it is .'juitr pos sifile to have a restful, pea.vful, time watch ing through the long hours till the first grev light comes. He tier stall i.® the more comfdete control which leads to slorp. Jfere are a ftw maxim>i wliic-h you ma)' extend for yourself-Don't think of worry, work, or yourself. As "not thinking" of anything is imr>o*<>ible thin may V;;> t^ans^iosed thmv ITiinfe of something which has no connect tiou with any forbidden subject. Memory is generally in full force on a, Bleepless iiight- Try, instead of the dark pictures she shows to make her turn to l-e«t ful fjagea. Events, I find, are disturbing, but placejB most, ^omfortiiig/ I think of Home place I know well. There iB anold garden taUgled with rose-treeB that, has a special charm for me, and I . go down the winding walk trying to.call up each plan# on the way; but I ueldom get past the red rose against the orange-tree just halfway down, before the charm has worked. Sometimes I think of a hilltop as it must bj in the darkness, with the rustle of leaves in the night wind and the strange solemn star light overhead, and the furtive stirring of email night creatureB, and the frightened cry of some bird disturbed by a 'possum. (I am convinced, by-the-way, that birds be lieve in ghosts and ogres. Ask any bird you know, and see how it will whisper and eer round as night comes on.) B\\(t again, seldom get very far with the mind picture before it is lost in dreams. Then one can visit friends and wander through well known rooms - only, remember to keep yourself out of sight, tor reveries'about one self, the building of castles-in which one is the central figure, not only drive off sleep, but leave the mind dulled and weakened lor next day. The better and brighter the thoughts the sooner sleeu comes. MAGPIE. 