TJiaf Itusfcd Combination. After a very lengthy discussion, and upon very earnest consideration, that pernicions Show combination was finally given its quietus on Thursday afternoon by the members of the Amiidalc and N. li. P. A.and H. Asso ciation. It is only three weeks gone since the Committee of the Glen Inncs Association came to the same sensible conclusion, and now the matter may be said to be finally set tled. There is reason for jubilation in this matter. It means many things to both Glen J titles and Armidale individually, but to the latter especial Jy Few district movements have re ceived the fair test that this particular one has been accorded, and if, after a fair trial of six years, the people of both places have come soberly to a conclusion, that it is a. pernicious con cern, they may safely be trusted to have come to a just conclu sion. The original promoters of this com bine undoubtedly did a good thiug for the district. Their object has been amply achieved. It was to infuse a new vigor into what was then a lan guishing concern. From the results then accruing to the Armidale Show, it was obvious that the district was not displaying that activity in the movement that was absolutely neces sary to ensure the survival of the As sociation. New fields were required; fresh ambitions, and stimulated emula tion were the necessary factors. The same old hog, the same old poJey cow, and strawberry bull, the good old 11 rooster, cat, dog. and pumpkin, used 11 to roll up to over) show with unvarying monotony, and, har those that dis ' appeared in rite meantime from sheer old age and decrepitude, the same old entrants used to scoop the pool. Also it was found that oblique tricks in re gard to what are known as weak sec tions, used to be regularly resorted to. All these things animated the minds of the original combiners, and the result of their efforts amply justified their prognostications. • • • • • But only for a time. Certainly the first Combined Shows proved to be suc cesses. .. The infusion of new blood from district to district lent a wide and intense interest in the event. The promoters of the Combination were now in hopes that various of the other outlying centres - such as Uralla, Walcha, and other places would, see ing the success of the operation, come in and strengthen the Combination. Had they done so the result would . have been a simjlarshow as is held in certain parts of England, where as .many as twenty or thirty districts are \- represented at one display. But this hope turned out to be delusive. The ' "Combination extended no farther than between the original two, and the real Iy great object of it* existence was I thus marred. It is no use deploring the fact, much as it is to be deplored. The only thing is to look it squarely in the j face and accept it as philosophically i as common sense and pluck will per-\ mil. m » * • » Meanwhile.lite " off" Shows turned out to be atrophied concents, that had scarce enough strength to keep them from the hands of the gTavc*. digger and undertaker. The same old hog was again to the fore, so was the aforesaid same old poley cow and rooster, and these " off" concerns invariably proved to be a weariness to I the flesh, and woeful devastators of j the association finances. Thus lan guishing, they finally rolled over, and | favc up the ghost. The combined hows now began to show signs of j getting short of wind, and the trades- j people of Armidale began to look with an eye of discomfiture upon the loss of trade consequent upon the outflux of capital during show time at " the other place." The latter few yeans have licen periods of especial stress throughout the whole commercial world. The small traders have felt that stress most keenly, and, deprived i of tin- harvest that is always gathered 1 at Show time, they began to grumble ] not unloudly, and to curse the com bination miarliamentary terms, • # • • • Glen Inncs folk, meantime, seem to j have been slowly arriving at the same j conclusion by the same process of) reasoning. The Chronicle, early' this year, pointed out the fact that the Combination had manifestly outlived its purpose, and therefore its useful ness,. and strenuously advocated its speedy butchering. The Glen lnncs papers took the matter up in the same strain, and the upshot is that, as j before stated, the Combination was I led to the shambes in both places, and duly dispatched. • • • # • Now that Annidale is free to pursue j her own destinies in this matter, it will be found that site is more than able to j amply hold her own in every respect. The resources of the district may lie said to be second to none in the whole j colony. Its permanent national j resources,—its pastoral, agricultural, and horticultural interests, arc as j unique as magnificent. Its temporary ■ national resources,—its gold and other mines, are likewise as line asany in the country. Under these conditions, it seems more than extraordinary if such a place, buttressed by such solid j ramparts of prosperity, is not able to j sustain herself in the matter of holding her own Show every your, and making it one of lite events of the j north. «r • * • • Combination is still necessary combination among Armidaic's own interior forces. That is where com- j bination is most effective. Everybody in the district is now involved in the issue of the separation. In the suc cess of Anmdale's own Show is wrapped up the prestige of even- soli tary soul in the place. Ana the Chronicle profoundly hopes that they will not be found wanting at the critical moment. It wants 110 frantic panic, or sweatful surge to get the best results from our forces. A steady, earnest determination to make our resources assume the position in public prominence that they are justly en titled to assume is all that is necessary. Nothing is wanting, and no element is lacking to make the Annidale Show the most celebrated event of its kind in the colony, and, now that we are free to use all our energies in our own interests, let us prove that we need ciy second fiddle to none. ItiOOWOBtftoK at HUlgrove has vary properly been booted over the big gorge and left to porith in its loneliness. A plobiaolte was taken on Wednesday last upon tie question, and resulted in 233 noes, and a sorry lot of ayos numbering S3. It may be fairly assumed that those 33 ayes are aome where about the full strengtb of the in* ooiporaUoniats. for they would naturally roll up in as full foroe as possible to rcoord their votes, in view of their fatuous fondness for the foolish eonoern. On the other hand, Pthe antt- lnoorporatloulsU knew their strength I was so overwhelming -that, doubtless, hundreds did not bother to" record their rotes. Had they done so, the vote instead of being nearly eight to ono against would probably have been nearer fifty to one | against But the vote retarded is in itself I sn overwhelming. proof that the sensible j hard-headed Hillgroveitos know by far too much to be led into an entirely unbeoossary extreragahae, or to impose upon themsclroe a huge looal taxation for the benefit of an interested minority of wire-pallets and boodlers. Despite tho laughable antios of tlio looal paper, which has been pompuaaly l j predicting all hinds of dire disasters j) if incorporation were not at onoe pro needed with, the liaid-uutted miners have simply blown the fatuous scheme sky high* whonoe it has fallen into the aforesaid gorge with a thunderous thud. There nay it remain for ever and aye. few Social questions, as the Chboniole has many a time and olt pointed out, and insisted upon, present the intrinsic impor tance of that conneoted with parental obligations. Upon the due perception and faithful discharge of those obligations' depends the national character of each suc ceeding generation, and it is no platitude to say upon that character depend the plaos and prestige of a people among the nations of the world. Parental control, to be effective, most be aided and safeguarded by the law in every legitimate tray, and any interference with it should only be upon the very gravest grounds, and in the paramount interests of society. Only a few issues bach the Cebox HP found it necessary to animadvert upon the summary end seemingly brutal chastise ment administered by a father in Axmidale to his sou. Hat animadversion was couched jn no measured terms. It teems, however, that as a matter of faot, the punishment inflicted by the parent sllnded to did not, in any way, exceed tho bounds of propiety, and that far from inflicting the excessive flagellation which was supposed, he wuh very property endeavouring to clieck cer tain evil tendonoics in his son's nature. To show the influence of prone criticism in such matters, it may be mentioned that it has accidentally come to the ears of the CacOHTCU! that h'uco the strictures al luded to, the recalcilraut son lias become al most an open rebel, taunting his father with the direst penal ties of the law if be attempt to again ohoetise him 1 This is an eye-opener indeed ; mid in order to disabuse the youthful rebel's mind of any precocious fallacies that may infest it, the Cuboniole hastens to as sure him that it has every proof that the former Hogging ho received was both richly merited and properly administered; and further, that under all such circumstances it will publicly uphold his father's flagellations as distinct fulfilments of his obligations to his ] parenthood and citizenship. This father is' 11 known to be a oousoiciitious temperate-! minded man, and the evidence against him has been proved to bo unreliable It there fore bobovoa this young robol to understand that the prms, while in the exercise of ita public duty will expose any wrongdoing, will on the other hand, vigorously uphold the rights and privileges of paroufs in oonqgetion with the upreoring Of their offspring. Hut a few days and the fodcial' furore will be iu full blaal. Torspiring politicians will be malting njgbt hidoons all over the country with their bellowinga and bad login. From end to end of the oalony the one great topic I will be Rill or No-lldl. And, from all appearances, that iniquitous measure, with ita teeming pernicious possibilities will get such a thwack on top of the skull from the vast majority of the people, that it will have to bo inrtod book to Melbourne iu «u ambulance waggon, in a state of absolute eoma. Already a large soctiou of the really reliable farmers in this district h>ve expressed I eir abhorrence of the measure, cud it is confidently anticipated that all those whose iuterasiB are menaced, will loyally stand to their native land in thW supreme crisis. The member for the district is lying very low on the weather bow, t-o far. llis constituents may fairly olaim to bo put in possession of Ilia opinions, and reasons fur them, upon the Rill, and they are anxiously awaiting the fateful momout when ho will uumuxzlo his wisdom. Jfciuwbilo cvory other place is buckliug on its armor for the fray, and n lively fow weeks may ho confidently looked, forward to, Ret us hope that the funeral oi the pernicious measure will ba atteudod by tlio vast majority of Mow South Welshmen. Aoooiidikq to reliable repute, Hillgrovo is the proud possessor of a nest of social char acters that would niford Rolf Doldrowood cxcollcnt material for another " Robbory Undcr ArniB," if hooould only fix up an ! appropriate ■hero aud Ueroino out of it. This 1 liulo nest liavo their cheerful habitat some where iu one of the many gorges thereabout,, and their doings are said to be romantically obivious of nil procanoeived Ideas of ineutit \ and fawn. Already several of them hare fallen foul of the law in various ways and to various degrees, aud (he guardians thereof take quite an interest in the doings of the remainder. Tho other day one of these was | convicted of au assault upou a highly reput able member of society thereabout, Tho solioitor who appeared for the accused seemed to take a profound delight iu aigniflcantly I alludlug to his cliout as thia " lady," and of epouking of the geutlaman aforesaid as " this mau su>and so." Of such iB the dignity of tho law I The foot that solicitors ore muuu factored " gentlemen" by Aot of Parliament | doubtless accounted for this; and a further explanation may ba offorod by tho fact of the P.M. not being on the Bcnoh. Had he boon there it is oertaiu that some degree of reepeot would have boon insisted upon for the feelings of the gentle man in question, gs well as some deference to his position and repute.' The tendency of | solicitois to impose upon the privileges of their profession, iB by far too frequent and I marked, especially in provincial ouurt roonib. An extraordinary fiction of morality allows a ' eoliolior to fight tooth and nail to save the most desperate and abandoned ruffians from the-just vengeance of the law, without bringing down upon themselves thatstriot moral obloquy which they really deserve. They should be satisfied with this prodigious privilege. But when they Carry thoirimport tion upon privilege so far as to brow-best respectable people, it is high time that publio I opinion took a hand, and curtailed these per* uicious propensities width threaten to poison I justioo at its source by terrifying or disgust ing reputable people from aiding in ita main I tenanoe and administration. 