A MriMHiiSlO. It is not complimentary to our local poets, ?wlio are tolerably- plentiful just now, that for a poe tical, and withal official, memento of,- to-day's dedication ceremonies at Eurnell, 'we should have to rely on a Sydney - University prize poem of a good many years ago. University prize poems are not the most inspiriting things in the -world, even thougn Tennyson wrote one on iimouctoo, ana it may be safely said that the one which- has .been distributed to-day is not what might be called invigorating to the mind, though the author is the Rev. W. H. Jt. Yarrington, -and it was origin ally delivered at the opening of the Great Hall of the Sydney University. Its subject, 'Captain Cook Meditating on Australia's Future,':' is, how ever, sumeiently appropriate to to-day's proceed ings, and in verse intended to be stately, but -which verges upon the stilted, it : credits the 'great circumnavigator' (to use words exactly suited to its style) With me ditations which, -in the language of an auctioneer describing the grounds of. a villa residence, are 'extensive and picturesque.' Poe tic licence, however, is a wonderful thing, and if Flanagan put a' speech into Governor Phillip's mouth, which predicted every item of productive ness in New South! Wales, surely Mr. Yarrington was justified in making Captain Cook, on the deck of the Endeavor, the night he cast anchor near what is now Ku.rnell, muse upon rich harvests, cotters' Saturday nights, noble buildings, ? and cities of the future. It is probable that the captain was just then thinking about getting fresh water for his ship, and also, as certain relics of his would lead us to think, of a drop of hot grog for himself when he went below, but these things are not poetic, and Mr. Yarrington had to be poetical. And he has been poetical. True, a portion of his work recalls Falconer's 'Shipwreck,' especially the line Hushed was each sound, nor heard the boatsman's call. But Falconer in his day was esteemed a poet by several very worthy mariners. A little further ' on Mr. Yarrington becomes dramatic, with the .words, ' 'Tis Cook,' which reminds us cf a drama in which the late Charles Feehter' would have ap peared but for the advice of the late Charles Dick ens. , A character in the drama named Smith was continually being disposed of in some way or another as was supposed, and was continually .appearing again to exclamations by other char acters, such as 'By heavens, Smith,' or 'Great ' heavens; 'tis Smith,' and Dickens feared that the i British public would mistake fof bathos'what was Intended tor force. Mr. Yarrington's muse, too, ;inay, in' the^opinion of some, be thought common place when it tells us of the 'opossum's home,,' Trhere 'the kangaroo and stately emu roam.' Altogether, as we have said, it would have been^ as well if one of the numerous gentlemen among us who at present profess and call themselves -poets, had had a chance at this dedication me mento. He might have been incomprehensible, which Mr. .Yarrington, to do him bare justice, i6 not, but at least .he would have been interesting. ' If we may place any faith in- English proverbial philosophy, a whistling woman or a crowing hen is neither good for gods, nor men. That ie no reason, '.however, why a whistling postman should not be a distinct benefit to the community. The Postal Department intends to try whether or not he will be. In future suburban postmen will in .'timate their approach with a letter byl the use of a sufficiently shrill -whistle tosummdn someone to the. -front- garden gate, and so save time .for all parties concerned in the house to house delivery and receipt of letters. It may be said that seve ral suburban, prisimen already use whistles with-: out official sanction for' the .purposes to which the offieiai sanction is now to be given, and if their custom was not .of use, to householders we may be sure;that before this agpod many- letters. to Ihe 'I ?newspapers would ha ve been published condemn ing the practice. The only possible objection that can be raised to whistling postmen is that they. will aSord & splendid opportunity for the Austra lian Email boy equipped -with -a whistle to bring householders, whether' male or female, .to their -1 front gates on bootless errands.- In fact, the boy j will. have all the plbasure derivable from knocking runaway: knocks without any of the dangers, be cause the distance -from which he will sound his whistle^ will almost preclude pursuit and punish ment. '?:! . ...... '; . . .-...' : ' . Some&lx; years ago,. It will be remembered that a report came in that an unknown tribe of blacks who had never ceen whites had been discovered in the extreme south-west of the colony. The re port turned out to have a portion of truth in it, inasmuch as the descendants of &n; old blackfel low, who had fled into the wilderness with another nigger's 'wife, were found to have become a nume rous family, and to have returned to the hunter and fisher state of existence. The aboriginal board is now considering the propriety of supplying these Ishmaels with clothing. It is very ques tionable whether supplying the blacks with cloth ing, at Jeast the blacks. who are still in a semi wild state, is net responsible for many deaths. The clothing, which they sometimes wear, and some-times don't, seems to render them more liable to colds, and lung diseases, especially pneu monia. These are the commonest -complaints amcugst the semi-wild blacks. On the contrary, amongst the naked Myall .aborigines, they are not known. The same thing has been noticed in other countries. One would by no means wish to limit the generosity of the board towards the na tives; but, in ttis case, beyond furnishing them with blankets, the gift of clothes would probably be a fatal one. Where they are, they cannot offend anyone by going about without moral pocket hand kerchiefs, or even the discarded top-hat of eivi lisat'.on. The Home Secretary of Queensland, as he's term ed in that colony, has to receive some curious de putations. Yesterday he was waited upon by eer. veral doctors, clergymen, and others, who wished' for the establishment of a hospital for ineurabtefc in Brisbane, 'and suggested that in order to pro vide f linds a tax should be put upon circuses, opera companies, and other bodies of that description. Undoubtedly there are many companies, and a great many other bodies of that description, upon whoni a prohibitive tax might be -levied with be nefit 'to the public. ''But how did the suggestion arise that the strolling mummer should be taxed to support the incurable? Was it from the fact that the incurable would not be able to witness ?what Bulwer Lytton somewhat hysterically calls 'the sublime art of the mime,' and therefore the mime should pay a tax to keep the incurable? Or did the doctors, clergymen, and others, wish to re legate the poor player to the time when he was a rogue and a vagabond by law, and could be clap ped in the stocks as such by any justice of the peace? Certainly if, in addition to other dis abilities always attendant on the 'profesh,' extra and special taxation is to ensue, the appearance of the ghost who is supposed to walk on pay nights will be more like that of an angel's visit. How ever, the idea is not likely to 'je seriously adopt ed, but the suggestion is humorous. 