THE TESTIMONY OF ESTHER SANDYS. BY ROMA WHITE. CHAPTER XIL And what of Bather V How had it come about that Josiah had had no word from the woman he had married two years ag* in the church at Lancaster? Thin ia what had happened after her recognition of her first husband, and sorely pity aao excuse her for her silence. After the storm she had slumbered uneasily into the morning, and when the awoke, Humphrey, fully dresBed, waa standing look ing down upon her. She stretohed out her hand to him, but, did not speak. This was, just then, the effect of physical exhaustion. The intense shock which she had received had left her in a condition of natrons lassi tude in which mind and brain shrank mechanically from any further taxation of their powers. ?? Are you better ?' Humphrey asked her, still with some anxiety. ' I am quite well,' Bhe answered, calmly. She would hftye spoken then, if she oould, but she was incapable of the effort. ' Do you know that everything »» packed, and that a post-chaise is waiting dawn below, and that, as soon as you am dressed and have had some bieakfuBt. we must be off t' he naked, smiling kindly at her, relieved by her quietness, which appeared to him that of re covered strength. ' Is it so late ?' she inquired, meohani cally. ' You were up late last night, you know. Ah ! here is Janet to help you.' f. He left the room as Janet entered it, and Esther greeted the woman with her new dull oalm. I She dressed in silence and passed into the next room., Humphrey awaited her at the breakfast-table, and urged her to nuke a substantial meal. She sat down, and poured out his tea, and listened to his conversa tion. By-and-byn she realised that he was wiling her about the wreck. All on board had been lust but the man she had seen upon the bench the night before; and he was ensconced in the best bedroom, slightly de ' lirions.and quite proBtrateafter the exposure. ' Will he die? ' ask.d Esther. 'They hope to pull him through,' re joined Humphrey. '-No one knows Iub name. However, I've left some money with the landlord for him.' He hurried her a little after this, for the post-chaise had been some time wailing. When she was inside it, rumbling away from the scene of the tempest and of that terrible night, Bhe pressed her forehead against the padded cuBhionB, and tried to think. The identity of Josiah Phiracklea bad not been discovered: she endeavoured to be- ' iieve that she might have been mistaken. ' though at the bottom of her heart she was ' convinced she had made no error in her ' recognition. She turned it all over and over in her weary brain. Then the apathy des cended upon het again, and she sank into a hopeless qnietude.and allowed events to take their course. Esther was only brought home to suffer a sharp bttack of illness, which everybody put down to the nervous shock Bhe had received on the night of the storm. The true nature of that shock was still concealed; though, as each dny pussed by, she expected the revela tion to come from Little Tarnside. Josiah must inevitably have returned there, and he was not likely to maintaiu silence on the subject of the wedding. Mr. Eglin, were he still Vicar, would hear of it, and would, of course, communicate with Humphrey. She began to listen apprehensively for the sound of the bell which die postman carried on his rounds; and the eight of a letter carrier on horse- back made her shiver all over with nervous terror. But, as the days and weeks passed by without bringing the dreaded news from Little Tarnside, this mental attitude began to change. She commenced to wonder whether Josiah had ever gone back again; or whether, if he had returned, he had not perhaps believed himBelf to have no claim upon her. When this thought came, like a my of hope, she ceased to lie motionless, with closed eyes and trembling lips, upon the i conch in the oak pannelled room; and began to move fitfnlly, and rather restlessly; hither and thither in the Priory. She was waking up to a realisation of the possibility of escape; and, with fresh consciousness, she better comprehended the entire position. Her own connection with Little Taroeide was completely Bevered. Tim kept up no correspondence in those days of rare letter writing; and the situation of the Priory was, | to the inhabitants of Furness, a meaningless locality somewhere in a remote South. If Josiah Fhixauklea had. as on consideration sho found possible, maintained silence con-1 corning that ceremony at Lanoaster.ehe need never reveal to Humphrey that she had seen her first husband on the night of the stoim at Chase Heyes. The temptation was strong; and, as eaoh day passed, it increased the impossibility of telling Humphrey what she knew. But i lie fight was too much for her strength. She fall ill again, end, when her son was born, there was a pitiful struggle between life and death. The physician who attended her heard the faint delirious -accents, bnt took little note of them; and Humphrey was seldom allowed in the sink room, Then, as the grew stronger she became quiet again. The doctor, per ceiving that thiB slight young thing had more power of self-control than would be credited to her by a careless observer, had told her,, quietly and firmly, that if she excited or dis tressed herself, her child would be a sufferer. The warning was sufheient for Esther: She put away her trouble, with a resolution and calm that astonished even herself at times. She determined to'thinkout the matter, and to see what must be dono.when she was fully recovered, but no sooner. It wob, however, during her convalescence that sue developed the habit of lying, in her quiet moments, with firmly clenched 'hands, betraying un consciously that abe held her mental activi ties in a similarly inflexible cuBtody. Humphrey was very happy at thia period of hie life. A new tenderness had awakened in him for hie wife, and be rejoiced in the . t'OBBBBBion of hie son,, who, he trusted, would become more like m human beiogutime udvanced. Lady Sandys was jubilant; but Esther, with Quick instinct, realised that any iffectlon her grandmother might have once v' felt for herself had been transferred to her baby. In truth, her tiny ladyship had never loved Bather for her own pensonality, but for her surname. The baby now usurped all the corners of its great-grapdmotlier's heart! for it «ontained.in its minute, parson, a more condensed essence of the Mood of all the . Sandys. She always asserted that It pos sessed the family eyes, though the haxpl orbs of the Jupps' ?tared and blinked solemnly at the firelight from the cradle by the mother's bod. -?'.. ; Lady Sandys went back to Hurst Hall soon after Esther had taken her.ordbiary place In I bo Priory. Her last wordB to the young mother contained an injunction , always to let the baby wear flannel next toiteekin. As she drove away in the family chaise, how ever, sha shook her head with a dainty airy motion, u if she would not answer for any oonaequenoes that might emue as a result of her departure. Aid when she reached her own home she sat down and penned a long letter to her grand-daughter, containing in stuotions which she had omitted to specify during her visit. Esther laughed with some renewal of her old merriment over the document. Bhe read it sitting under the elm trees, shaded from the hot July sunshine, with her baby on her lap. Then she put it away, and sat looking dawn into the tiny pink face against her bosom. She was not aware that she made a piotnre, but a pair of eye* fixed upon her as their owner advanced, found her pleasing to their regard, aud veiled their usual bold glances with an expression of admiration and senti ment Then FitzRoy Sandys came up to the elm -trees, and bowed low before her. 'Mr. PitzRoy Sandys! When did you come? ' she exclaimed with a certain quaint nees that he found pleasing now be could trace in her tones no accent of the peasant. ' Five minutes ago, precisely. I have come te beg Humphrey's hospitality— and your own. ' He had not seen her since her mar riage, and his eyes travelled slowly up and dewn her figure and over har face and hair, as if te appreciate every detail of the change. ' We shall be pleased ts enter tain you,' Esther answered, with the little dignified air, she sometimes woie now. ' If you would be good enough to ring j the bell at the front-door, Janet will ceme for the baby aid 1 will find Humphrey.' ?' Let me take babv. It iB— ah— quite i new toy, U it not ?' said FitiRoy, with im perturbable gravity. Esther flushed a little, and hugged her baby nervously. She resented thin tone he always took with her, which was tinged with ' the protective familiarity that a young man | might UBe to a child. , ' Are yon afraid that I shall break it ?' j he continued, in the same fashion, silting down beside her on the garden Beat. ' i assure you I will carry it with the greatest circumspection. I will not even prick it with a pin te see if the sawdust will come out.' ' I do not care for such jokes, Mr. Fits- ' Roy Sandys,' gaid.Esther Buddcnly, turning ' to him with gravity, and pressing her baby's face against her shoulder that FitzRoy might not catch so much as a glimpse of it. ' Be kind enough to do as I asked you.' I He rose then immediately, bowed his head i and went acrasB the lawn to the door. As he went he smiled to himself. ! ' My little lady has improved since her i marriage,' he thought. ' Able to hold her | own now. I shall enjoy my visit here, evidently.' Janet came out in answer to the bell, and j took the little warm white bundle away int* { the house. Then Esther roBe with a touch of , langour, folded her light shawl about her shoulder*, and led FitzRoy round to the side ' entrance which would admit them opposite the door of the library. He went in to announce himBelf to Humphrey: and she left him, to give her orders to the servants. ! When she returned to her seat under the elm- ' trees her huBband and guest joined her. She ' listened to their desultory talk, scarcely tak- ' ing in its import, so Bad were her mosingB. f They were speakinr of Jonathan Gibson. j ' He is getting worse. Michael told me the other day that he is always taking the keys of the Church, and lockiug himself in tbeie. Michael has taken him and his daughter to liv* with him. Bnt llie daughter ' has found work in one of the printing- mills , further up the valley.' J 'It is where Tim is,' broke in Esther. ' ' Saranna lodges there with an old woman, and only comes home for Sundays.' ' Ah T' said Fiteroy carelessly. ' Ah ?' , Humphrey glanced at him, but he ap- ( pcared unconscious, and tossed a roBcbud at the peacock. { ?' They say,' went on Esther, 'that the poor old man is much worse since his daugh ter left him. He has made himself an en tire suit of that queer red velvet he has al ways been fond of wearing, and he preaches in it. every night, at the Elm Tree Corner, in the village.' j ' Oh, I heard something of that,' said1 FitzRoy. ' I believe he ie foretelling the j end of all the SandyB, and sayB that shortly a great disaster is to burst upon us.' Esther shivered, and shrank up to her hus band. Humphrey looked vexed. ' I wish ?i could find some way to stop him,' he said. ' It is a nuisance. The talk ceased there, and presently the dressing-bell rang. After dinner FitzUoy dawdled in the garden till the summer night closed in ; and then told Humphrey ho should take a walk. It was too hot to go to bed at all in such weather, he added, as he set off towards the village. It was Saturday night, and the lights were in rather later than usual ; but FittRoy soon left their radiance behind, and strode up the hill in the direction of Michael Gibs -n, the sexton's cottage, which stood a little way ont of GloBiord. He was at some distance from it when a sound of pattering footsteps broke through his own heavier tread. An approaching figure was unrecoenisable in the aarknesB. but, as It advanced, FitzUoy gave a little sough. The slight form that loomed before him appeared to hesitate, then Btood ?till, and spoke his name in a low voioe. 'Is it you, sir ?' ' I might say is it you, Saranna ?' HiB tones were bushed, but they sounded amused and pleased. He put out his hand, and drew the girl to him with a familiar caressing gesture. 'So you knew I was in Glosford, Haranna ?' 'TeP,«ir.' 'There is no need to Btirt awav from me, or to try to peer through the darkness in that manner. Nobody 1b on thiB lonely road.' ' I dursn't be seen wi' you, sir. Please let me go.' ' IJot yet.. Do you know, I waB so anxious to see you that I came to Glosford on purpose.' ' Please, please, let me go, sir.' The girl was half crying, submitting to his caresses, but starting ncrvouBly at every rnstling leaf. FiuRoy, however, only laughed, and drew her nearer to him. ' Come up on to the moors with me, Saranna.' She draw away from him again ; and, as he pulled her back, something heavy in her apron .pocket swung a&aintt; him, giving out a jingling sound in the darkness. 'Hove you got the teaspoons in your pocket, Saranna ?'' he asked idly, insisting on drawing' her closely to his side. 'No, sir. It's I'. Church keys. Uncle leaves them wi' me when he goes outo' nights.' M ???':? . ? - ' The Church fceyB! Come, I have a capi tal idea. . You. sfyll let us int* the Clmruh, and we will hare a Ulx in the belfry,' We shall be quite safe from interruption there, and you won't keep jumping about and JU-, locating that little neck of yours every time that a leaf Stirs. ' 'Indeed, indeed I dursn't, air,' mur murediBaranna, considerably scandalised at such a saarilegious Idea.' ' Of course you dare. Run along ami wait for me in the porch. You aren't afraid of ghosts in the graveyard, are you V ' 1 dursn't,' repestd Saranna, but less de cidedly than before. FiuRoy smiled to him self in the darkness. A few more kisseB, a few mere whispered cajoling words, and the weak vain girl succumbed. She went swiftly away towards the gravevyard, while FitzRoy sought tbe Church frem a slightly different direction. Glosford Ohuroli stood between the village and the Priory, and a wide green lay level on its North side. The tombstones were barely distinguishable on this moonlight night, and FitsBoy knocked againBt Beveral as he made a Bhort out aoross the graveyard. Saranna, trembling a little, awaited him among the black shadows of the poich. She was lea* excited than frightened, but Fitzttoy re garded tbe whole adventure as a very accept able piece of amusement. He took the key from the girl's quivering lingers, and sought fer tbe keyhole in the darkness. They dared not make much sound, and Saranna shook all over as the heavy door creaked on its hinges, Once inBide the Church, however, she felt less alarmed; especially when FitzUoy closed and locked tbe door again, that they might bs entirely seoure from interruption. ,' It's very wicked, isn't it ?' murmured Saranna, as they felt their way cautiously up the centre aisle, where the strewn rushes rustled under their feet. 'Wicked? Nonsense I Wkat is there wicked about it ?' ' Only— tueer are angels an' devils i' churches, I thought.' ' I-n you think the devil will spring out of the chancel and run away with us ?' ' I don't know— I'm rather feared, sir.' ' I will take care of you, Saranna. What's this '!' Ah uib hand, travelling over the par tition of a big square pew, came in contact with a wreath of tinsi'Ily ptiper. ' They're t' wreaths for Ellen o' Lucas's sir. Boo died last Saturday, an1 til 'Church war all hung wi' then for her.' ?' What ate they made off ' ' O' white paper roses, mostly. They allays hang 'em up for an unwed lass.' ' Hum,' said FitzRoy, as he pushed aside the rustling papers, ' real flowers would look much nicer. There I have man aged to open that heavy door, Saranna, Come in and sit down.' He drew the unwilling girl into the big un comfortable pew, and then sat down by her Bide upon the bench that m fixed gainst the partition. ' Yes, I came for the sole purpose of see ing you, Saranna. I did not know how to contrive to let you hear I was in Glosford.' ' [ Boon heard o' it, eir.' ' Well, when am I going to see you again, now that I have managed to get hold or yuu: ' I don't know. sir. I'm afraid o' father.' ?? He need not knuw anything about it.1' ' 1 think one or two fowk do know it' village, sir.' ' Nonsense— what's that? ' FitzUoy's voice, which had been umused i and caressing, suddenly sharpened, .Suranna ! would have cried out, but, with some instinct ? of her l.iuk of cenlrol, he placed hia hand { swiftly upon lier mouth. A ray of light , was travelling across the chancel, widen- , ing very moment, as the little north east door was swung noiselessly open upon its hinges. ' Stmp down,' wbiBpered FitiRoy, ' and keep still.' Saranna obeyed him.Xrembling bo violently that be feured every moment she would ciy out. He aUo crouched buck against the side of the pew, but watched the opening door with interituess. In another minute they both perceived that the intruder was Joaa tiian GibBon himself. He came noiselessly - into the chancel, a swinging lantern in his hand, tbe rays of which fell round him in a circle of yellow light, and uroucht out ' touches of snow} whiteness from bin beat d, and nlioneglaHnily upon the balls of his eves, j When Saranna saw the stern impressive illuminated face of her father and watched hiB tall shadowy form move slowly forward not ten yards from where she crouched with FitzRoy in the pew, she went nearer to faintiug than ever she had gone in her life. FitzRoy, however, remained observant and calm. The spice of danger to Saranna and himself in this adventure excited him pleasantly; and he even smiled a little at tbe thought of the predicament in which they were placed, Jonathan Gibson, however, did net ap proach the body of the Church. He stepped cautiously across the chancel, his lantern ObUU.Mg l,(*.*.,-.Uf£ JtulWIT gtCOIIID W4UDD ,IM knobs and surfaces of the shadowed choir. Then he placed the light upon the ground, fumbled iu his pocket for a. bunch of keys which he presently brought forth, and in serted one of their number into the low iron bound door that led into ihe vaults. The key turned with a grating sound, the door swung open, and Jonathan took up his lantern again, and disappeared into the narrow dark opening. They heard hie cau- 1 tious footsteps on the htairs; and FitzRoy released his admonitory clasp of Saranna's arm. ' Where has he gone ?' he whispered MIIIVUBIJ. ' I cannot tell, eir.' ' Have you time to get out before he comes back ?' ' I think I might venture, sir.' ' Then ' be quick. I believe he is down in the vault.' The sound of Jonathan's footsteps had quite died away, and there was time fortjar anna to escape before her father returned into the church. Fitzltuy puBhed open the door of the pew, and hurried her down tbe rnsh-strewn aisle. When they reached the | door they paused to listen, but no sound broke the stillness of tfao Church. With a little fumbling FitzRoy once more dis covered the keyhole, turned the heavy key with a muttered oath at the grating noise it made, and stepped quickly with Saranna in to the cool dark air of the night. ' There, take the key and run home as quickly as you can.' he whispered; ' I will go another way.' Saranna needed no second bidding: she hurried down the road bb fast as her trembl- j ing limbs would bear her, quite forgetting that they had made no appointment far a fu ture meeting. PitzRuy, left in the Kirch, gave a relieved sigh, then laughed silently to himself. The footsteps of ths girl had not died away before he, too, issued from the shelter of the Church, moved swiftly round the north side of the graveyard — where the lomsbloneB were scanty and the nettle pro fuse—and tried the -handle of the small eastern door, through which Jonathan had himBelf passed into the ohancel. The old man had neglected the precaution of locking it behind him, affd it. yielded easily to FitzRoy'g push. In two minutes more he had followed Jonathan Gibson down the nar row dark stairs that led into the vault below the churoh, bis shoeB making little or no sound upon tbe du*ty boards, Now that Saranna had escaped iu safety, FitzRoy was prepared to enjoy hiB unexpected adventure to the full. The vault below Glosford Church had once been the family burial-place of the Sandys. None of the present generation, however, were laid tnude the rotting bones of Wmr forefathers. FitzRoy had never buon inlo the vault before, and he shivered as its damp air encircled him. A feeble yellow patch of light shone at the far end, and in this little illumination he perceived the bent shadowy form of Jonathan Gibson. Allelee in the vault was as black as a cavern and as impenetrable as a moonless midnight. FitiRoy Sandys was no oowurd, and he was determined to see the meaning of this business. He crept cautiously and noise lessly towards the light, any rustlings he may have made inaudible on account of cer tain sounds which proceeded .from tbe neigh bourhood of Jonathan Gibson ; tearing, rip ping, Bounds, suggestive of stuff dragged for cibly from some adhesive substance. When he was within a few steps of Jonathan, Flu Roy paused instinctively, for lie saw at once what manner of work it was upon which the ?Id mxton was occupied. Jonathan bent over a wide wooden ootfiu, the lid -of whioh bad been broken open and shifted slightly te one tide. The inner coffin of soldered lead was distinctly visible, but it wbb not with the booes of tbe dead that Jonathan hkd any atracern. The outer coffin, of tine oak, mis lined throughout with a covering of crimson velvet; and this velvet the old sexton hurriedly tore and ripped from the sides, dropping the pieces into an open wallet whioh lay upen the ground beside him. The secret of Jonathan's costume had been discovered at last. FiuRoy Sandys waited only for a few moment*, as Boon as he saw and comprehended 'the old man'* midnight business in the vaults of the Churoh. He had n* wish to quarrel with Jonathan to night, nor to betray his presence to the old man. He crept back along tbe vault as he had oome, the sexton remaining too intent upon hia work to hear him, In twe or three minutes FitzRoy had left the Church and stood in the graveyard oulBide. There, it must be confessed, he sat upon a tombBtone, and laughed silently, until the tears ran down hi* cheeks with his suppressed mirth. ' Good cousin Humphrey! ' he murmured to himself, 'good cousin Humphrey! I shall have an interesting adventure to relate to you in the morning. (To be continued.) 