THE Bunbury Herald THURSDAY, MAY 25, 1899 LOCAL AND GENERAL ? -y ? W. C. Ramsay has a good collection of ploughs and harrows always on hand ; also plough-shares and all fittings stocked. Carts and carriages built to order at cheap rates. Spokes, felloes and naves — a good stock always on hand. Axle-boxes and arms of every description in stock ; bolts and chains. All kinds of ironmongery. — Advt. G. F. Teede has just opened a large shipment of Rifles — Winchester 44. 92 model, octagon barrel : Snider rifles, 577; large stock of cartridges ; also one Lee Metford rifle and 430 rounds cartridges Price £8 ; a bargain. — Advt. Drink Bogue's Ale and Stout. A splen did tonic. Absolutely pure, — Advt. Teede's Newspaper Agency, Victoria street. All local and intercolonial papers, somic papers and periodicals. Fishing tackle/ and sporting requisites. — Advt, Service at Picton. — The Kev J Bufton F.L.S. will hold service at Picton on Sunday afternoon at 3.30. Wesley Church Services. — The Rev J. Dingle will conduct services in the country as follows :— 7.30 p.m., Friday, No 3 Mill ; 7.30 p.m , Saturday, No 2 Mill ; 11 a.m. and 7 p.m., Colliefieids. Mails for Australian Colonies per Orient will close at the Bunbury post office on Wednesday, 31st inst, at 7 a.m., and for United Kingdom on Saturday following, at 7 a.m. Bridgetown Wesley Church.— The Rev F. W. Hart will conduct the following ser vices in the Blackwood district on Sunday next. — 11 a.m., Balingup ; 3 p.m., Wes tralian Jarrah Forests Ltd.; 7 30 pm., Greenbushes. Mr Williams will conduct service at Bridgetown at 7.30 p.m. A Correction. — With reference to an item which appeared in a recent issue stating the Newtown Progress Association had ordered 8 or 9 tons of bonedust, which would be forwarded direct to Porritt's mill, we since learn that the order was forwarded by the Lower Blackwood Farmers' Progress Association, not by the Newtown Progress Association Police Court. — The resident magistrate presided at the police court this morning, when Frank McCulloch was charged with having used obscene language in Victoria street on Tuesday and was fined 20s, with the option of doing 7 days' imprisonment John Campbell, an old offender, pleaded guilty to a charge of drunkenness and was fined 5s. Joseph Vigors, on a similar charge, was also fined 5s. Volunteer Notes. — Seventy of the rank and file of the Bunbury Volunteer Corps journeyed to Perth by the special train on Tuesday night, and also about 35 excursionists. After taking part in the birthday review in the citv yester day, the volunteers returned to Bunbury by the special train which arrived here at 6.30 this morning, The Nemesis in Heavy Weather. — The steamer Nemesis arrived at Adelaide yesterday having experienced a very stormy passage from Melbourne. Throughout the trip the vessel encoun tered a succession of gales and hurricanes and after passing Cape Otway she shipped a number of heavy seas, which flooded the engine room. She was com pelled to put back to Portland, one of the tubes in the engine- room having burst, with the result that the water nearly quenched the fires. During the gale No. 3 hold was flooded, and about a hundred tons of cargo were damaged. The deck-house was also injured by a heavy sea, but none of the boats suffered.. Department of Agriculture. — Mr. Algernon F. Clifton, of Alverstoke, Bruns wick, writes : — ' It may be of interest to some of your readers to learn that the Department of Agriculture has arranged to place one of the Government bulls in my charge for the coming season. The bul! ' Progress Fairly ' is a Jersey with a very good pedigree— 32 cows and heifers coming from the same strain of blood, having aver aged 16lbs 9oz of butter per week, and one cow having made as much as 20lbs 5oz in one week, The services of the bull will be available for any cows in the district on pay ment to the Government, through me, of the very moderate sum of 5s per cow. I hope that all owners of dairy cows within a reasonable distance will not lose this oppor tunity of improving their herds. Personally I shall not benefit in the least by their doing so as the whole of the fees collected are to be paid over to the Government. I expect the animal here in a few weeks time and will arrange to haye him alternately here and at Australind, and will be glad to give the fullest particulars to all enquirers. In the meantime I can confidently recommend all who are situated within a few miles of either place to take a little trouble to avail them selves of the services of this high class animal that a paternal Government has placed within their reach.' St Paul's Church.— Sunday, last being Whit Sunday, there was special attention paid to the musical part of the services at St. Paul's Church, according to the usual custom on feativals. The chants used for the Psalms at morning service were Cooke and Crotch, and the Te Deum was sung to May brooke's quadrupal chant. The music for the Jubilate and Kyrie was Bridgewater's service in A. In the evening the chants for the Psalms were Mornington and Tallis, and Bridgewater's service in A was again used for the Canticles. Woodward's fine anthem ' The Radiant Morn ' was exceedingly well rendered, the expression being admirable, and the final allegro part being worked in a manner which reflected great credit. After the benediction, the Whitsuntide hymn, ' Come Holy Ghost,' was feelingly sung by the choir, the congregation all kneeling. During the day, the solos, duets, trios and quartettes were taken by Miss Downie, Miss Thrush, and Messrs Leach, Stafford and Tunks. Great credit is due to the organist, Mr. A. L. Evans, for the able manner in which he performed his part, especially considering that this is the first time that he has presided at the organ for a festival ser vice. The rector, the Rev. H. Darling, preached at both services, the sermons being appropriate to the day. Next Sunday being Trinity Sunday, the services will be choral. In the morning Bridgewater's service in A will be used, and in the evening Jackson's service in F. Stainer's grand anthem, 'I am Alpha and Omega,' will be rendered at evening service, and after the benediction the Sevenfold Amen will be sung. 