CHAPTER VI.—WHAT LAY BEHIND THE CURTAIN. It was a door, set back a foot or two be yond the curtain but a door most unusual in material and construction, resembling a large screen of steel. So polished was the surface, that Fulke could see himself re flected as in a minor faintly dimmed with moisture. This door did not swing shut or open in the ordinary manner; it was made to slide, and possessed an intricate-looking lock on either side. It was not now fas tened, however, for an experimental push sent it noiselessly sliding in a groove along the wall. The heavy velvet curtain which he had pressed back witb one hand, drop ped down behind him, completely shutting out the faint light of the corridor, and he found himself (though exploring fingers proved thait the doorway opened upon va cancy) staring blankly into the dark. Groping ahead he touched only emptiness; his foot dipped over the edge of a step and he pitched helplessly toward, unable to save himself in time to prevent a fall. His stumble had landed him upon hands and knees almost without a sound, for from under outstretched fingers and palms rose the soft, thick, fur of a rug. Fulke picked himself up, thankful that such impene trable gloom had veiled his awkwardness, and, searching his pockets for the small gold matchbox he usually carried, his eyes were dazzled by a sudden flare of light. On a distant wall which he stood facing glimmered a large square of whiteness, on which the pale radiance was concentrated. The light was accompanied by a. whining, clicking noise. Across the illuminated square passed the semblance of a man's figure flecked with countless tiny spangles that came and went, like sparks of elec tricity. After an instant of bewilderment 1-iord Fulke realized that he was witnessing the operation of a biograph, and also that he was not alone in the darkness. Amazed, half-ineredulous, lie stood still, watching the strange proceedings at the further end of the room. The figure on the lighted screen was life-size, and had been photographed from a man in the uniform of a Thungarian officer—a man past his vouth, but of extraordinary personal "beauty. For a moment tins presentment stoou alone on the platform of a railway station, while a crowd, controlled by a policeman, blocked the background. Then he was join ed by three elderly men, who greeted him with ceremony, one of their number walk ing in advance. The central figure, with a princely air, beckoned an attendant. There was a further exchange of courtesies. The first man and one other stepped into a smart landau with liveried servants, the crowd drew nearer, men waved their hats, women held up their children, the hand some man in the carriage and his older, less striking companion* bowed and smiled ac knowledgments, the landau drove off, the throng filling in the space where it had been, and—the picture vanished like a bubble that has burst. A moment of darkness and silence, and the same performance was repeated. Again the tall soldierly mlan arrived, was welcom ed, and departed; then the square of light disappeared once more, while out of the gloom came a sigh and a soft, silken rust ling. ■ Fulke stood motionless, absolutely lost to all consciousness of self, and as blind to the duty of making his presence known to the unseen one as if he had intruded upon a revel of ghosts. The rustling, like the stir of fallen leaves in the wind of autumn, continued for a moment, then ceased—to end in another surprise for the stranger who watched and listened. Again the white rays flashed, but this tame in another direction. Electric lights, so shaded as only to illumine one spot, lit up with dazzling lustre a strange object of cystal and gold. Fulke's first im prcasioh was that a block of glittering ice < rose from a elab of ebony; but in thefiac- i lion of a second lie liad divined Ifaegrim Hij was ^zing aft mgiaM coffin, supported on a black-draped bier; its transparent cold-bound sides revealing (as if they had formed a crystal case ho display a jewel) Hie body of & man lying on his back, his bands crossed upon a breast covered with spudding orders and decorations. Fulke \ could trace the clear-cut cameo of the ■ profile, the dark lines of brow, and the : lushes a Jvr-^'oir a closed eyelid. *Tbe man might have been asleep, save for the marble pallor of the splendid face, which was the same he had seen, in the moving photograph. Suddenly, a horror of himself and his < intrusion aijxm such a scene as this over-, whelmed Ijord Fulke, and a cold moisture broke nut upon his forehead. How vile j he bad been to dome here! yet being here, bow, wias be to escape? He had seen no ] one, but be bad heard the rustling of a j woman's dress, he bad heard a woman's j sigh; and now, for a single instant, a vague j shadow was darkly silhouetted against the; illumined glass. These strange, mad rites j which lie had witnessed were tributes of ' respect to a dead man, from a woman who had passionately loved him, and in whom, solitude bad fostered eccentricity. Fulke I felt that he would rather cut off his right hand than let this woman know how a stranger's curious eyes hoid profaned her astonishing devotions; yet in the dark he had lost the sense -of direction. While groping for the steps down which : 1 l 3 i.i.„ A jii? Ji4u jfiircijj «tnu tyjjc wj/cu u^uiuu(rf so completely darkened by the wad ded folds of velvet, he was almost certain to stumble, and make his pre sence known by some inadvertent noise. Nevertheless, his present situation had become intolerable. He turned, fancied a faint seam of greyish light stitched upon the woof of black, and had taken the first step to prove it real, when the sound of a voice caused him involuntarily to pause. The voice was not that of a woman, but a man, and the tones were peculiarly me tlillie. "My dearest, it is good to be able to speak to you from a distance, bridging over so ninny miles," were the words that reach ed Fulke's cars. "J think that this experi ment of ours bids fair to be a success. It was like your cleverness, my beautiful one, to haw suggested it. J shall be looking for waid with eagerness to Monday, when I may hope for the message from your lips. How much better than a letter could be! I shall briar the very accents of the sweetest voice that any woman ever heard " Fulke heard no more, for he shut out the sounds by pressing his fingers over his ears. He was listening to a phonograph which had r-ecorded tender nothings uttered by a lover, and he cursed himself heartily for his unwarrantable meddling. Had his hands been free, he would have used them groping his way to the door. As it was, lie only learnt that the ray of light had ex isted alone in his imagination, by coming into sharp collision with some unseen ob ject. It fell, rolled across the soft rug upon which he had lately dropped, reached a hard surface of floor, and broke with a clc'ar- tinlde of china or glass. A startled exclamation follower! like an echo, and instanteouslv the room was flooded with electric light. Fulke stood fast, facing his own shame, Lite a. caught criminal. 