Dress yersus Männer. A* discussion was recently started in a popular magazine as to the question of manners. Are «they a lost art or not? Sad to relate, the majori- ty of those who sat In. judgment in the matter were inclined to think they are, and, further, some of them put this lamentable decline down to the fault of clothes. Our predecessors were sustain- ed by the bravery of their attire; they were con- strained to act up to their clothes. Sir Knight of old set out to visit his fair ladye in a blue bro- caded coat, with diamond buttons, point lace ruffles,-knee breeches tied with gay ribbons, silk stockings, cocked hat, and diam end sword hilt. And when he found himself before Madam gor- geous in flowered brocade, hoops, powder, and patches, sweeping the earth with his plumed hat, poetical phrases and sweet nothings came as na- tural to him as the air he breathed, and he made woful ballad to his mistress's eyebrows as fluently as a poet laureate. But the meeting betwixt man and a maid of modernity is quite another story, as Rudyard Kiping wruld say. They meet; he slips . off his bicycle on the right side, and she slips off on the left; one of the other says, "Hello, how are you!" the other responds,;"All right!" and mutual satisfaction results. <Wilt is up to date, and that is everything. "Que youles vous?" when the trappings are tweed dittoes on one hand and ccat and skirt or, bloomers on the other. The man votes the girl "a jolly good sort, with no nonsense about her," and the girl says she likes a man "to L»e a pal." Her mctto is embodied in the poet's text, - - "Where are you going, revolting maid!" "As tar as I can, fair slr," she said, "And may I go with you, revolting maid!" "Ton may follow, behind me, sir," she said. Small wonder that we have to seek for manners in Paradise Lest; perhaps some day they will be regained. But, stay, there ls sitll the ghost of «them left. When the severity of outdoor attire is doffed; and the silks, satins, and laces of full evening toilette donned, chivalry a:.d romance come a little nearer, and a dream of fair women. is better realised than on the bicycle or when guiding an automobile. Gowned en grande tenue, a woman finds it comes more natui*al to be grande dame, "and a man in white ties and swal- low-tail de riguer assumes likewise a more defer -ential air. Perhaps, therefore, we need not go further afield in search cf a reason for the in- creasing devotion which is given to the details of evening dress; it is to counteract the laxity of the manners.cf ithe forenoon. The fashion of the hour insists rigorously on all the paraphernalia cf full dress. Though delicate health or a thermo- meter below freezing point sometimes excuse a high bodice and long sleeves for ball and dinner, theatre, concert, and reception, the low bedice is really the only smart wear. : Never do we see the small V-shaped opening at ithe throat, which f .rmerly did duty for demi-toilette, except on provincials and suburbans, who fear to venture tn full decollete. During the summer months there seemed to be a tendency to wear a very elaborate dress, high to the throat, and with shrrt elbow sleeves, at the informal little dinners at the smart restaurants, with which Londoners delight to ho- nor their guests, amd, so far, there iseems no abate- ment in this fashion, which, savoring of good itaste, is to be commended. The evening dress of the day, or, to be grammatically correct, of the night, shows a disposition to return to the magni- ficent stateliness of the end of the last century. Skirts opening over underskirts, pointed bodices, stomacher shaped in front, fichus, etc., all remind us of the days of the gorgeous Lady Blessington, when wit sparkled and bon mots were bandied between her and her associates, H race Walpole, Lord Chesterfield, Mme. d'Arblay, and others. * * * * Ailmost it seems as if drees and intellectual acti- vity went hand dn hand in a cycle, the end of each century dn turn being remarkable examples. We need oiriJy take- the Elizabethan age, which bright- ened (the close lof the .sixteenth cen tury : it was synchronous with the awakening dm the feminine .breast' of a desire ifar elaborate attire, silk stock i;niga (introduced toy .the Virgin Queen), and jewels -the Augustanage» iaf Queen Anna insensibly imergling .Into the golden yeairs af the close of the eighteenth century, when a constellation of such sbairs as Burke, Leigh Hunt, Cowper, Darwin, and niuimbers of others shone in the imitelleicbuail firma- ment, ? whilst Manie «Amt'oii nette dcimlniated Euro- pean miode3 in all their 'picture3quena33 and splen- dor. .Such, lt appears, ¡is the 'fate of the pre- sent flin de sieole. The last leap up of the dying flaimo «hows us an unbounded desire for irliicbness and picturesqueness in dres-3, though we can ätörd ly elaiim that latter-day genius, exotic though it (s, equa's tiiat ol preceding cen- turies. * * * * With reference to present modes, the hair is dressed high and neatly-no longer puffed out like a floor mop and much decorated w;th flowers, feathers, lace, and jewels. Fans are becoming larger again, no doubt be- cause of the handsome fea- ther ones in every wardrobe, which were too good and ex- pensive to be consigned to ob liyion. JeAvels are much eh evidence (reaHty not always guaranteed), every available inch of the decolletage being requisitioned to disp'ay them. Dog collara of pearls and dia- monds are the most fash- ionable of neck «ornaments, and bands of velvet and tul'e, strapped here and there with diamond slides, and finished with a good-sized bow at the back. Be not disheartened the purse of Fortunatus is not necessary to produce "a glitter nowadays, and the Pa- lais Royale of Paris has row its replica in London. The opera cloak is full of import- ance; long ones are better than short ones, and the coat shape, with sleeves, is best of all. The most sumptuous materials are employed in thc making of these, brocades, cloth of gold, miroir velvet, and fur, and they are libe- rally trimmed with lace and fur and jewelled embroider- ies. * * * * It is almost superfluous to add. that such garments al- most compel good manners ; their natural sequel supposes the gift, which, like the poet, nascitur non flt. Manners hy no means include only so- ciety polish; they comprehend the sincerity and true kind- ness of heart, which are more than Norman blood and co- ronets, and are as often, per- haps oftener, to be met with in the cottage as in the man sion. They are one of the most potent fac- tors in life's success, tho most admired, the moat sought iaf ter. So Venus ibeguililed the golden ap'ple from/Paris toy /promising him the fairest and most ioyinig mite In the land (iwihitoh charac- teristics assuredly included all that we anean 'by manner), iweighfag down the scales against the wisdom proffered 'by Athene and this world's goods Which Juno held out to'Mm. Our interpretation of the word imay alter according to the times we Hive Jin; its essence is the siaime century after century, frcimi our first gnandHparen ts down to our last, Wiho in childlhood impressed on our nie .mionles that ".beauty was tout slcto. deep." Irre- sistible beauty is that which, 'has 'beauty of mind and öhanaioter behind it; aind iwlhilet women prac- tise the art raf manners .men iwiill mot ibe forget- ful, remembering the words- of "Goethe: "The Com- pany of good women is 'the true. atmosphere of goad manners."-.E. D., in "The Queen." 