GENERAL MEWS. AUTHENTIC MEDICAL OPINIONS WORTH KNOWING.-Dr. Oaborne says: I use SANDER & SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT as a spray for nasal catarrh, low fever, asthma, 4c., wilh great success. I fin.l this preparation superior to all others.' Dr. Stahl : 'I have use 1 various pre. ptratious -if Eucalyptus, but I Ret better results from SANDER & SONS' EUCALYPTI EX TRACT than any other.' Dr. Preston : ' I never use uny Eucalyptus preparation other than SANDER & SONS', as I fouud tbe others to be almost useless.' Dr. Hart : ' It roof without saying that SANDER & SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT is the best ia the market.' In in fluenza, all fevers, throat and lung trouble, diph theria, diarrhoea, dysentery, kidney complaints, rheumatism, wound*, spraioa, ulcers, Ac., it is invaluable. See that you get SANDER & SONS', and reject spurious preparations, which are some times supplied by unscrupulous dealers. A decree niei in divorce bos been granted against tho Rev. William Witcombe on the ground of -cruelty and drunkenness. It was stated tbat drink made him mad, and then his treatment of bis wife was terrible. General Frtucb anticipates a general advance by all tbe Biitish culumns next week. Tbe patriotic fund is gradually increasing, and the suburbs are responding well. At the half-yearly meeting of the Bank of New South Wales a BUtement was male showing a general improvement in tbe business of the colony, with industries expanding. For failing to give the require i notioe of muster ing sheep to tbe owner of an adjoining property, James Doust wee fined at Grenfell £5, costs of «ourt, and professional eoats £2 2«. Mr. Hugh MacDonald, of Diintulm, wab the prosecutor. A man named Peter Small, who lived a miserable life in a tent at Moama(N.S.W.), hat died io the Echuca Hospital (Vic). He bad in his possession a deposit receipt for jg580 in the Bank of New South -Vietee. FredericK M'Intosh was found guilty of the mac filanghterof his wife, in the Melbourne Criminal Couit on Tuesday. Daring a drunken quarrel, on October II, he threw a plate at her, inflicting a wound in the temple, from the after consequences of which she died. ?? Mr Crick has given notice of a new standing order, limiting speeches in the Assembly to forty mioutes, except in the debate on the AddreBSin Reply, financial statement, or motion of eensnre; and to odc hour in moving the second reading of a bill ; while, in comirittee, members may not epreak mere than twice on any one question ; and the second time not for more than ten minutes. Some consternation has been caused amongst some of the miners at the Blayney copper mine by the visitations of aghoat in one of the shafts. The men hereatrange noises, bells ringing, sighing, groaning*, &c.; Miners going below have their candles extinguished by a supernatural visitor, and some of the men allege that sumethinc brushed nn.«t. them. Six men have left tbe mine owing to tbe terror the ghost has inspired. Mr. A. p. Betts, chairman of the Goolburn Land Board, is just recovering from an accident by which he sustained a fracture of one of his ribs (reports the Goulbnrn Post ) While mounting a bicycle his trousers oaogbt in the wheel, and he fell heavily on one of the handles. He felt bis side very painful, bnt it wu some days after before h became aware of the fracture. Protestaut clergymen at Bathurst are refraining from taking part in the forthcoming Hospital Sun day demonstration asm protest against the desecra tion x-f the Sabbath. A lady (E. M. HOPPER) a public school teacher in the Upper Hunter district, who suffered from sore eyes consequent on close study end sun glare says:-' I cannot speak too highly of Rose's Cele brated Bye Lotion. My eyes were very bad in deed, but I got miraculous relief by one applica tion.' Sold by all ChemUts and Storekeepers throughont the oolony. The Queensland Government again narrowly escaped defeat ou Wednesday uight by one vote in connection with the Biilway Standing Committee Bill. The Premitr annnouueed that in view of the temptr of the Honse he would withdraw the bill for the present. A heavy charge of dynamite exploded unexpec tedly in a mine near Coolgardie, W.A., on Tues day. Three miners iu the vicinity were more or * less burned. One, Matk Pollard, was blown np. wards 20Ft, and canght by his mates in the descent. ' He sustained eerious burns to the face, body and eyes, aud was conveyed to the' hospital in a low * btate. 