S. SAVIOUR'S PAROCHIAL MISSION. OPENING SERVICES. t'ns important event in the life of the Church of England in Goulburn has been well inaugurated by he opening services, which commenced on Saturday eveniog last. The miesioners, Rev. W. I. Carr mitbh and Rev. Percy W. Wise, have made deep mpressions by their calm, thoughtful addresses and hey have been listened to with rapt attention by large assemblages. The mission began on Saturday night at 8 o'clock in the presence of a very large congregation. A special service was held in the Cathedral for the re ception of the miss;onere, the form used being that provided in the Durham Mission Hymn Book. The choir and clergy of the Cathedral met the missioners at the west door and a procession was formed to the chancel steps Canon Pritchard, as parish priest, said a short office, which c mmenced with the sing ing of the hymn, " C ime Holy Ghost, our Souls Inspire," and the Canon then f.rmally welcomed she missioners and entrusted them with the spiritual charge of the parish. Another hymn was sung and 10ev. W. I. Carr.Smith proceeded to deliver an address from the pulpit. The main subject of his remarks was to set forth the purpose of the mission. He said it was a special sending of divine grace through the operation of the Holy Ghost, and in answer to the prayers and efforts that had been made God would undoubtedly use the missioners as Himself and be the real power of the mission. The presence of the Holy Spirit was to be the guiding note of the mission and should be kept in mind throughout. The service closed with another hymn, and the Bishop gave the benediction. On Sunday morning there was a good number of communicants at the early celebration, and at the choral celebration at a quarter to 10 the music was sung by the children, as is the custom on the last Sunday in the month At 11 o'clock the Rev. Percy Wise preached an eloquent sermon on the call of the Sa'iour to the individual soul, and at the same hour the Rev. W. I Carr-Smith was the preacher to a congregation which filled Christ Church, Weet Goulburn. At 4 o'clock there was a large gathering of children in the Cathedral, he four Stunday-scbooln of the parish, including West Goulburn, being represented. Rev. W. I. Carr Smith conducted the service, and gave an address to the children. At 4.30 over 100 men assembled at the special service for men, and in an easy and familiar style the missioner gave a most iut.rsting, instructive, and thoughtful address, dealing with problems of life and matters relating to the concern of the soul from a point of view that must have impressed his bearers. A striking feature of the mission is the street pro ceesious before the evening services. The procession consists of the choir and clergy of the Cathedral, headed by a banner on which is inscribed. "For Christ and His Church." Four torch-bearers accompany the prooession and many helpers are near at hand to join in the singing of hymna, the whole scene being very ettikig. A halt is made at crtain arranged places and short addresses given. It may be mentioned that the captain of the Salva tioq Army very oeurteoauly agreed to so arrange the route of his march as not to interfere with the procession in onmneotign with the misnion during the week. Rev Peroy Wise anducts tias'part of the mission, and is accompanied by Canon Pritchard and Rev. S G. Best. On Sunday evening Mr. Wise gave two brief addresses in the street, and the proceesion returned to tihe athedral in time for the opening of the mission service at 7 o'clock. A very large congre. gation was present, and the service was strikingly hearty. Tihe preacher was Rev. W. I. Carr-Smith, and he took for his lesson II. Samuel, 20-9, " Art thou in health, my brotherS" The subject of his diecourso was spiritual healing and our heed of it. It was listened to throughout with unwearying atteltion. After the sermon and offertory a short hymn was sung, during which some of the congre gation left, but a large number remained to listen to the instruction or plain tgqlj{ Wvich is given by the miessioner after each evening servie. The instruction on Sunday evening was on faith, and the missioner was careful to point out the relations between faith ar.d the facts of divine revelation, as well as the relation of faith to feeling. He urged upr.n Lie hre-era the nceryity of lotting faith rest upon fact, and while making use of feelrlg when it was given to them by no means to depend upon it as any necessary prof of a religious vitality. The Bishop again gave the benediction at the close of the service. Six services were held on Monday, all of which were well tt.,nded, especially the address to women at 3 o'clock (when Rev Percy Wise spoke on the ministry of women) and the childrenua servce at 4 30. The procession and service were again held on Monday evening, and there was another large attendanpe in the Cathedral. The subject of the Rev. W. I. Carr-Smith's cerstpn was " Conscience," and he spoke eloquently on the fact of consoience, its office and power. The instruction was upon sin and the individual use of conscience, in which the missioner gave the mind much Lfod for reflection. The Rev. W. I. Carr-Smith visited Baxter's tannery and boot factor?l at mid-day on Mo:nday, and gave an address to the employree This morning, at 11 o'clock. Rev. Percy Wise addr.oed a meeting of employees at Gilleopie's boot factory, nnl at half pcst 1 Rev. W. I Carr-Smith gave an address to railway cmployes anod others at Conolly's Mill. The expenses of the minion will no doubt be con siderable, but we understand tb't the missioners themselves give their services gratuitonsly. No clilectione are made at the week day services, but the expenses are to be met by a special offertery on Sunday next. The services will be continued daily during the week. 