Galston Lancers. Galston to a man would be Lancers, but there is first some slight formality to be gone through— that is, to obtain the sanction of the Minister for Defence. Galston communicated its desire in the first place, so the residents inform us, to Mr. B. B. O'Conor. They told him that they wanted to be Lancers, and they asked him to introduce them to the Minister, so that they might also tell him of their burn ing ardour. According to Galston's story they wrote more than once to this effect, and wearily waited for the reply that never came. Finally, they told Major Ferris of their troubles, and he, good obliging fellow, told them that he would introduce the deputation. All was fixed up, and on Tuesday Galston sent its finest specimens of manhood to ask the Minister to allow them to be Lancers. They duly arrived at the Major's oflice and found him— out. (He was at homo very unwell with a cold). However, another very obliging fellow, Mr. T.' W. Taylor, M.L.A., was there, and they told him of their troubles, and he at once offered to pilot them round and see them through the ordeal. On arrival at the front door of the office of the Minister for Defence a slight halt was made, and then into the presence of the Minister. The door opens, and the first three or four who got into the room thought they saw a ghost and shrank back. They told us how they had seen Mr. B. B. O'Conor in olose con fab with the Minister. Galston could hardly believe it, so in they filed ; not, however, to find B.B. there. If he had been there he had left by the secret door. Galston was courteously received and informed that they had Buckley's show of being Lancers. There were 125 other centres befora them, but — Galston would be placed on the list. That's how it. rests at present, and Galston don't feel at all pleased, either with themselves, B.B., or the Minister for Defence. Although the Minister for Defence did not give the deputation much hope that he would sanction the formation of a squadron of Lancers, Major Ferris informs us that he is assured that sanction will be given for the formation of a squad of 25, to be attached to the Parramatta squadron. ? 