LOCAL HEWS. -— > — — Sxi-K oP pRofctiRiT, — ftlh G. Bowden has disposed a t his property, Inglefieid, Glenmorrison, to Mr.' Bri'tteb, S'C'A Uf Mr, Britten, near Doiidarra. Miss Bowden, who has been residing on the property, hae deemed to sell her house hold furniture, Which Mr. Hargrove will offer by auction td-dAy At Glen morrison. AOCftoN SAfcliS. — Mr. S. Ralrgrare has decided to hold fortnightly saleS of furniture, <&c;, at his Auction mart Derby-street. The next sale will take place on Saturday 28tU inst. Wedding.—At Moree, on 11th July, Mr. F. Girard, of Moree, and Miss Lucy W. Bowden, of Walcha, were United in the holy bonds of matrimony, the Rev. Mr. Taylor, of Narrabri, perform- ing the pleasing ceremony. Txik Weather. — The weather lias been fine now for a fortnight, with severe frosts at night. 15 degrees of frost were experienced during several nights, while on Thursday morning the thermometer scored 23 ns the mini mum, which meant 19 degrees of frost. Death.—The many friends of the Rev. G. D. and Mrs. Frewin (late of Walcha) will regret to hear of the death of their youngest child, Muriel Irvine, which took place at Casino on Saturday last. The little one was buried on Sunday. Passing Stock. — 1,200 wethers from Bundarra to Aberbaldie, It. Brown owner, G. A. Hume in charge. Hudson s Snakeroot Compound. The Great Cough Cure. This medicine immediately subdues all irritation in the Throat or Chest, Coughs, Colds, Hoarseness, Bronchitis, Whooping Cough, ifcu., are relieved by the first dose and when persevered with never fails to effect a rapid cure. Ask for Hudson's Snakeroot Cough Cure. ' It Is Peufecti.v Keliaule. " Wc have sold many different cough rem edies, but none has given better satisfaction than Chamberlain's," says Mr. Charles Holzhauer, Druggist, Newark, N.J. "It is perfectly safe and can be relied upon lu all eases of coughs, colds or hoarseness. Sold by A. J. Hudson, Chemist, Walcha. Great Cajsar's Ghost ! poor wasted frame, That once full vigour did possess, Can't he a mail in else but name, His cough has brought him such distress. The undertaker smiles to think Next winter's cold he'll not endure. Oh ! ne'er say die. but take a drink. Of W. E. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. 