MR. GROOM'S AMENDMENT. Mr. Groom writes to protest atrninsl our suggestion that his amendment was put forward as part of Hie stonewall erected by the Labour Pafiy, and de- clares that we have " made a deliberate misstatemeut without a sliadow of ex- cuse foi- it." This charge ol' wilful misrepresentations may ibe dismissed 'with Hie remark that 'it is worthy or unworthy ol' " the Father of Hie House" -according to the point of view. The important fact is thal the Labour Parry eagerly grasped at Mr. "Groom's amend- ment and worked it unto the stouewall erected against the railway proposals of the Government ; and Mr. Groom must have known that he liad not the ghost of" a ch'unce ol' effecting a compromise. So old a Parliamentarian would not set out on such an adventure without know- ing exactly -where it would land him. Either lie expected to bo successful or he did not. If he anticipated success in carrying his amendment it must have been "because he had approached Mr. Philp, and liad found reasonable ground upon which to build his hope ol' a compromise. Did Mr. Groom win over Mr. Philp to lils views beforehand V Did he even attempt to convince the Premier that his closure proposal was too drastic ? If he at- tempted and failed he is out .of court. If he did not make any such attempt lie is equally out of court. Of I wliat use is it to talk of compromise unless our correspondent can show that both sides of the Assembly were-likely to listen lo li is proposals ? Unfortunately the facts are entirely against him. Not only was an overwhelming vote cast against «lils amendment, ably dratted and well debated as it was, but not a word was uttered during the debate to show Hint Mr. Groom had been accepted as mediator or that he was anything but an ally of the Labour Party in its senseless blocking ol' public business. Under" the circumstances, therefore,' we are obliged to reiterate our belief that the weakness of the amendment moved on the Premier's motion consisted in the fact that it was intended to waste time. Mr. Groom is entitled to argue that even if he had no hope of passing his amend- ment ho was justified in ventilating his time-limit scheme anjl so giving the country au opportunity of judging be tW'een the Government.and the Labour 'Party. But against that it may be urged that .the peculiar conditions under which the Premier's motion was moved made any such amendment unnecessary. For ihreo months now Mr. Groom has looked on at a most vicious attack upon the rights of'the majority in Parliament, and yet he has never protested. Neither by remonstrance with Hie Leader of the Labour Opposition nor by argument willi the Premier, from his place in the House, Oías the junior member for Toowoomba slíown 'himself desirous of effecting snell a compromise as he now writes 'about. Only when the waste of public time had become a gross scandal, and when Hie Xlay for half measures hail passed, did Mr. Groom pose as a dove carrying tiie olive brauch won from a flood of 1nlk. It was loo grotesque. Anyone at a glance could see t'liat his amendment would not toueli Hie fringe of Hie difficulty with Hie Labour Party, it would not make Hie passage of Hie hated railway bills possible, since Mr. Browne and ivis followers - have declared that tliey. will . oppose Hie mea 'sures fo the bitter end ; and. tne pro- posed time limit' would still enable them to render the last half of the ' session just as , barren as ' the.first had been. We say again that Mr. Groom must have known lie had no chance ol' carrying iris amendment, and such 'being Hie case lie stands convicted of dclibei^atcly assisting Labour mem- bers to -build a wall against the trans- action of public business. 