e St. Paul's Ohurch of E n g l a n d SERMON OK PROSELTTISM. At "St. Paul fl Church on Sunday evening the EevJf. D. Herring preached from the text "Woe unto you. Scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites] for ye compass sea and land to make one proselyte; and when he is made ye make him twofold more the child of hell than yourselves."—Matthew, chapter xxiii, verse IB. It is with a certain amount of diffidence, said the preacher, that I am bringing before yon to-night the subject of Proselytism, and most assuredly I do it in a non-controversial spirit, for controversy is almost always without good frait; but l feel that if in the face of what has been brought before yon' daring the past few weeks in the local press concerning our brethren of the Soman Communion, and under shameful -circumstances the pro-, selytśsm which they have practised, the "it>testant churches of this town are guilty of cowardice.in..theface of -flagrant wrong if they speak not After regretting tbe difference existing between the Church of Borne and the Church of England, and explaining the meaning of proselyte as "one who comes to another country or people: a stranger, a sojourner; hence, a worshipper, & concert," he proceeded thus—It may seem strange that the Founder of a religion, "which was, in £ne sense, to owe its whole existence to prosely- tism, should thus strongly condemn thev zeal of making pipselytes, as the Lord Jesus Christ does in tbe verae we have taken for our text; that He whose disciples were to labor to convert every soul, and bring it into Christ's family, should speak of persons converted from one religion to another as being made worse than their teachers; or, as it may be implied, worse than they themsdveis had been before. But these words of the text, this condemnation of tbe Scribes and Pharifor their spirit of proselytism, contain one of the most useful of lessons, standing as they do along with so many others in praise of tbe spirit of proselytism. We should bear in mind together the two sayings of our Lord, which so beantifolly accompany one another: "Go and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of tbe Father,and of the Son^and of the Holy Ghost"; and, "Woe onto you, Scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites 1 for ye compass sea and land to make one proselyte, and when he is made ye make him twofold more the child of hell than yourselves." No'w if we put these two passages so close together before some interpreters, and many readers of Scripture, they 1 wonld find nothing remarkable in them. They wonld say that Christ enjoins Christians to make proselytes to Christianity, because it is tbe truth; and that He condemns the Scribes and Pharisees for making proselytes, because they brought them over to a system of error, and. accordingly, they would regard the warning as having nothing to do with themselves, nor with anyone who is endeavoring te spread the belief of the great troths of the Gospel. - It is by this method of interpretation, this catching at names and losing the substance, that we deprive ourselves of half the benefits of the Scriptures; and it is remarkable that it was the very system of interpretation actually adopted by those very Scribes and Pharisees whom our Lord is in the text condemning. . . . The Scribes and Pharisees taught the truth, and therefore the censure - wfacih. falls opon their proselytism may with the same force apply to that proselytism which has taken place in our town and district of late; Do not the Eomanists teach the worship of one trne God! Do they not profess faith in the same Lord Jesus ChHst as ouraelves 1 and although in many things they may teach much which we deem superstitious and Tain, yet the great fundamentals of their faith are identical vith the faith of the Protestant churches. However, does that do - away with the shamefulness of their proselytism t Does it make their proselytism any the less a proselytism of tbe worst kind! Does it excuse their action to any fair minded or right thinking man J No! a thousand times, No 1 The substance of onr Lord's warning does not relate to the particular matter in which proselytes are attempted to he made, but to the manner and spirit of making them. For the evil complained of is, that men, in preaching or insisting upon truth, do it not so much for the sake of truth as for themselves, their own triumph aud their own glory. And may we not fairly infer that such has been tbe case in onr midst I for, I venture to say, that in the face of a letter appearing in the local papers from a Christian minister of this town, the proselytism bas taken place aoŁ Jor the truth's sake but for the honor and glory of the Boman Church in the enrolment ofanpther in her ranks, despite the bet that he had been attended daring his illness, not only by the -writer of the letter, bat also prior to that by our-own incumbent nptil prevented by illness bom doing so. And where Is the honor and gloiy, looking at it from a manly point of view, in worrying a poor lad, pratically in a dying «tate, into a religion which he bad no desire to enter, jfor be himself says, "I am sorry for.it all. Ton Imow 1 am ignorant. .. . . . 1 have node^rc to be a Boman Catholic." Far, tar better let his last days be peaoeful that he may quietly think concerning the 'lo ve of God in . tlhrist Jesus, .and «> himself prepare, wifii the jfó those * who had first visitei him, "or their representatives, for that which tximfei sooner or later to eveiy man—death. And, again, do we find that those who proselytise forthe sake of honor . tatd ^^e^U^Vcaciwiii: mmfafyf trae, • 5ŁŁiSfi '''«- great amormt of error, which ^tbqr onr also prostituted. That as such persons proselytise with unworthy motives, so those who join them do it from unworthy motives also; for in both the 16"ve of secondary and temporal things!takes.precedence orer the lore of truth and righteomneje. Does not now the shamefnlnnm of such proselytism appear to you > To. bring forward such arguments, •" Von will get bettei) you will hare better attention," speaks SI indeed for a church which has to resort to such secondary motives tb gain converts. Hath the Boman Church forgotten this Scripture:— u 8ee now that I, even I, am He, and there is no God with me, I kill; I make alive; I wound and I heal; neither is there any that can deliver ont of My hand" (Dent xxxii-39) i anS again-this Scripture—" The Lord killeth, and mafceth alive: He bringeth dowjn to the grave, and bringeth np " (I Sam. ii, 6). . And still yet again, should they not ask' them selves as the King of Israel , did, when the King of Syria sent Naaman onto him to be treated of his leprosy, "Am I God to kill and make alive" (II Kings, • 7). - There is plenty of scope in our midst for the spread of the Gospel of Jesus Christ in the traest sense of proselytism, amongst those who belong to ao congregation, to no flock. If any.seeks a field for work, here Indeed is a vast enough one. Are there not lads enough in our town, aye, and young women, too, who are not under the restttiningongoence oftlie Gospel 1 Let ns seek toma^jMosdytesof them, to bring them to Christ, for lie died for them as mnch as for yon and me.' May God give the pastors of His flockB In this town grace to see that their work lies in that sphere which He has called them to, and that that work does not embrace the making of proselytes from other denominations, lest the.double woe and curse fall on them. 