PERSONAL. Not for a long time was seen such a col- lection of notable men as that on St. Patrick's Day on the Agricultural Grounds. And, not for six or seven years did Sir George Dibbs look so well. He is now nearing his seventieth year, but he is as straight as a young soldier, as brisk of step, and was as full of health and spirits as the youngest gossoon on the ground. Someone referred to the departure of his nephew, Captain Burty Dibbs, for the front, and Sir George said "All the harm I wish him is that they will feed him on biscuits and water for three months." Sir George sported a sprig of thistle with his shamrock as a reminder that St. Patrick was a Scotchman. For years, he said, he has attended the St. Patrick's Day gathering, because in the Empire he does not recognise either race or creed, and he likes to feel that the Irish are his blood brothers. But really no apology was necessary. If Sir George had stopped away he would have behaved most un- graciously, for the Irish have been his best friends, and there is no one for whom they have a warmer place in their hearts. * * * The only prominent man who did not sport a shamrock was Mr. McMillan. He explained that he had been unable to raise a leaf and he relied on the charity of his own countrymen. At the banquet Mr. McMillan made a forcible manly speech, in which he insisted that England could no longer with- hold Home Rule from the Irish people. He also hinted that if he was in Parliament just now he would be opposed to the present Government, One thiug that put him out of sympathy with the Government was the espionage in the Civil Servioe, which he feels , was directed at Irishmen, and was anyway contrary to all our ideaB of liberty. 1 . ? ? ♦ m The Governor had a oordial reoeption, and he seemed to thoroughly enjoy tho day. It was the first Irish gathering he attended fiinoo he oame to tho oolony (it wns perhaps the first he has attended during tho whole oourae of his lifo), and that he waR deeply impressed there can bo no manner of doubt. His Bpeeoh was admirable in matter and tone, and the rooeption ho reoeived was most oordial, Ho spent the afternoon in the oompany of tho Cardinal. . * * * Although Mr. Oopoland's health has not been satisfactory of. late (he suflers from a cough whioh disturbs his sloop), lie was in exoellonb form. Irishmen have had no bettor friend in N.S.W. than Oopoland. When Irish gatherings wore unpopular, and he was a Minister of tho Crown, he was in the thick of his Irish friends protesting vigorously against tho prejudices of the hour. His appointment as Agent-General was not known on Saturday ; othorwiso ho would have moved in the atmosphere of warm congratulation. He wore a great bunoh of olovor, whioh ho arguod was trans planted shamrock, in his button-hole. How Oopoland oame to understand and approoiato the Irish oharaotor is not generally known, From his mother's milk ho inibibod tho hatred of all things Irish that was deeply . rooted in England until about 20 years ago. Ho came to the polony their sworn onomy. Yet they woro tho firsb people to take him by the hand to smooth hia path 'in privato and public lifo by kind ? noas, and when ho stood for Parliament they Hooked around him and secured hia election. Ho made Home saoriflooB for thorn, but they woro worth It. He had never oooaaion to rogrot or to doubt thoir fidelity. Tho last, pugilistic onoountor Oopoland had waa with a man who oast eomo reflootions on tho priesthood. His opponent lived to apologiso and reform, * * * Tho Promior, Mr. Lyno, did not look In tho host of health. Tho hard work and anxloty of tho. past few months havo told on his constitution, HIh speooh wns rabhor apologetic, Personally Lyno is tho boat of good follows, end ono of tho moot honourablu of nion, Ho id inoapablo of moannosa, Whon it waa propoaod in the Oabinob that tho 'Oabholio Pi'oflB' should bo stopped in tho post- oflloQ for oondomning the war and tho oontlngontfi, Lyno put bin foot down on tho auggOBtod outrage on froo snoooh, Wo aro Horry that ho has to aharo tho unpopu larity of Borne of his follow Ministers, and wo trusti ho will romotnbur that tho Irinh pooplo of to-day aro not tho Irish pooplo of 20 or HO yoars ago. and that no Govornmonb oan aiTord to slight thorn, They aro now oduaatod, watchful and independent, and. they' no longer aaoopb rights at) favoura, They Ma qmto wol) awaro, too. thn.1) thoy avo unfairly roproHonbocl in tho Upper House and in tho hlghor branahoa of the Pub'lio Sorvloo, and bhoro 1b ovory roaflon whv thoy should bo cUflBabisfiod, , ? ' ? Iflx-Fromloi; Bold gob a niagnifloonb rooop blon, and ho mi vile tho apuoah of tho day, Tho Irlnh puoplo look baolc on bho oaroor of Mr, Bold) on all Mm public ubtoranaou, and voaogniBO that his lifo has: nob boon marrod by ono colour of bigotry, It is bruo tihab in his ministerial capacity ho wmi auHoolatod with moiiui shady oharaufcorB, bub that wuh IiIh mlsforbuno and nob hlu fanll/. An Irlnhman vobon for Bold with tho hoat'ty bollof that ho la voting for a MtaboHinan who, wlmtovor hl« fatilt» nitty bo, will novur ptuulot' bo I'ollglouu or raufal projudjoo, Ib wan a pity iiho Ohlof Buuwltivy did nob yob mi opportunity lo upualt, With It'luli* THE FEAST! Tho Annunoiabion whioh is oommemoratod on the 25th of March is a great festival be cause it 1b intimately oonneotod with a great event, tho groatest event over ohronioled by human or inspired pens— the Inoarnation of bho Saorod Person of the Holy Trinity. This divine mystory was fdretolcf and fore shadowed in tho solemn stillness of the primeval Paradise when God said to tho sorponb, 'She shall crush bhy head,' For thousands of years the fulfilment of this propheoy was yoarned for by tho patnarohs and prophets, was anxiously sjghod for by tho faithful who looked forwurd to the coming of the Messiah, Bub tho day oatno when bhoso prayers woro to bo answered, and typos and figures should disappear and givo way to reality i when bho law of bond ago should givo plaoo to bho law of lovo s whon tho thunders and lightnings of Sinai aHould bo rophoed by bho Snrtnon on tho Mount proaohed by God Himself, humanised, and mado ono of uh and speaking in naoonts of loving pity to those around Him, and through thorn bo all nations and pooplos to oomo. BloBBod for ovor bo bhat hour whon God tho FaUior sonb from bho abodos of bliss, whoro ondlosB anthems rosound, His angel bo 'bring bho moBsago of poaao and joy bo oarbhi How sublfmo an ambassador wns bhis noblo oroaburo of God I God's works aro all beautiful, bub bhosa works whioh aro His immodlafco oroabion surpass thoao whioh aro bho offspring of inbormodinto cause's, Christ's body was moab 'jiorfoob— -tho immo diato work of tho Holy Ghost j tho manna was porfoot food— 'bho miraculous wino o£ Oana as God's dlroob oroabion, How alobhod in Hplondoitr than nuisli that Arahangol huvo boon who waa noub bo Mdry bo toll hor of hor poorlosB mothorhooil, In bodily shape, ho (Hob towarda oarth— oulahinmg tho sun in brighbnoas, oxoulllng tho' uaridld whlbonoBB of tho clouds, la ho diroot ing hia flight bo some imporiul oity, bo ,somo gorpooua rialaoo, to soino jowollotl 'prlnooBs, No, To tho humblo Nu/.arobh— to bho llbblo wayside villago — to tho poorest houiio bhoro, bo tho lowliest maid, but of bho royal houna of David and apouso of bho Holy Ghoiit, In rovoronblal attitude bho angel doolaroB hlri mission, Tho ' Virgin Is por» burbod, 'Hall, full of grauo, bho Lord Ib wibh thon, bloHRUfl art thou atnoufl womon,' Bho aooopts bho Dlvlno Will, and from bhonooforth, nil {jonundloiiH havo eiillod hor blnouudi ' Ava Maria I blusnuil maid I Lily of IWoii'n inigrunfc oh/ulo, Who uan oxpruHH bho lovo Thab mtrbimxl Mum, ho mire ami hwuuI, Malting thy hoat't a uliullur mcub For iJobhh' holy Dovo? Ave Maria ! Motior bleat 1 To. whom onr^Bflipg and oaressed, Olings the' Eternal Child ; Favoured beyond Archangel's dream, Whon first on thoe with tenderesb gleam, , Thy new-born Saviour smiled. Ave Maria I thou whose name All but adoring love may claim, '' Yob may we roach thy shrine ; ? For Ho, thy Son and Saviour, vows To orown all lowly, lofty brows With love and joy like thino. Theeo beautiful verses wore written by tho Anglioan poet, John Keblo, ' ' From being, in consequence of hor faith and obodienoe and humility, chosen to bo the Mother of Clod, she was mado also ab bho foot of tho orosB tho Mother of all Clod's children who aro bho brobhron o.f Jesus Christ. Shall wo not glnrlly rondor' to our bloBsed Mother 'nil bub adoring lovo,' whom God has thus honourod abovo all dthot'H, and placed in suoli oloso relation to oursolvos ? So thon ovory Catholic soul may ory to hor with Father Fabor i— u Mobhor of Moroy, day by day My lovo of bhoo grows more and moro } Thy glftiB aro strown upon my way, Like sands upon tho groat soa-shoro, Though povorby, and work and woo, Tho masters of my lifo may ho, ?When tlmos aro worab, whej does nob know Darknous is light, with lovo of bhco ? Bub aoornful men havo coldly said Thy lovo waa loading rno from God } And yob in this I did b'ub troud Tho very pabh my Saviour trod. '3)hoy know bub llbblo of bhy worth Who spoftlt fchoBo hoartloBH worda bo mo j For what did Jiosuh lovo on oarth Ono half ho bondorly aa bhoo ? Gob mo bho grace to lovo bhoo moro | Jmhuh will glv,o. If bhou will- pload ) ' ? And, Mobhor I wiion HIVu ohcoh aro o'or, ? Oh I 1 ahull lovo bhoo thon Incloud I Jmhuh, whon HIh bhroo hout'H wuro rtin, I)ui|uuathui1 thru from bho Oohr to mo | And oh I how aim 1 lovo tJiy 8o», Bwoob Mobhor, if I lovo nob bhoo?' Vov tlio roprarltialilcm of Otildo'ii palnbltig wo aro Indobbuil to tho ' Auubral Liyht,' men in his electorate and in,.tho city.See has; , always been on the most cordial, ttrniB, apd on the ground on Saturday there was no more pleasing figure. ,.! Dr. MacLaurin has never done anything to advance the Irish people, but he has done a great deal for the Scotch, He is. proud of his Celtic origin, and as the Scotch and th,e Irish have for many years been on terms of! the olosesb friendship, for they are really brothers in blood and language, it is to be- hoped that when the dootor getB an opportunity he will not confine his attention solely to his own particular class, The- dootor iB an exceptionally able pplitioian, and a ripe scholar. For many years he has. been a power in politics, for the members of the Upper House look on him as their intelleob and their guide. He made an admirable speech. ? ♦ ? Mr. Spruson spoke neatly and to the point. He is our youngest member of Par liament, and iB one of the few educated and conscientious politicians. He takes a pro minent part in all Catholio afFairs, and aB he is nob depending on the beggarly profits of tho political game, his record promises well. ? ? ? Dr. Warren (tho good genial Irish Prois byterian) spoke again this year, and proposed tho hoalth of the Cardinal. Some years ago the dootor's father (a Presbyterian olergy man of notable scholarship) came on a visit to Sydney, and the Cardinal placed his valuable collection of books at his disposal, and extended to him warm hospitality. Those who, liko tho dootor, know the Car dinal well appreciate tho wide breadth of his charity, his high ideals, his great intel leob, his unbounded kindness, ? ? ? And his Eminence on Saturday saw what he has long dreamed of, a union of all olasses, He himself was the figure of tho day, a princo in appearance and courtesy. His speeches were admirable, and a better ohairman never presided over a banquet. ? ? a Captain Freohill, haying had to attend the funeral of a friond, arrived rather late. His success in his military examination, by which he qualified for the rank of Major, had only been announced, and he receis'ed many con gratulations. The enthusiasm and esprit de oorps of tho Irish Rifles is largely due to tho spirit he has infused into the regiment. ? ? ? At the banquet and on tho grounds there wero men of all olaBses, oroeds, and profes sions, entering thoroughly into tho onjoy ment of the day, sporting greon and aham rooks, and pleased thab the ovenb was suoh a greab success. The daughbors of Erin, wibh their fairer daughters, wore thore also. ' It was ono of tho best dresBod and most orderly and enthusiastic gatherings ever1 seen in Sydnoy. ? ♦ * Captain 0. J. M'Shane of 1-E' (Goul burn) Company of Australian Rillo has just. passed bhe Major'a examination. Oapbain M'Shane has boon very successful in hisi examinations, Ho was gazetted first lieu tenant in May, '08, passing examination for that rank in October samo year, During; the samo month ho passed tho infantry school of instruction. In January, 1890, ho was promoted to Captain on probation, qualifying for position in April same year, and his commission was oonfirmed, In November last year ho sat for his majority,, and tho results just published Bho'w his suooesa. ? ♦ * Ana If AH This. I lovo you muoh: for whon tho fragrant morn Hor roaeato flngors bhrusta my curtains thro', \ Bidding mo mark how beautiful tho dawn Crowned wibh hoi1 misb, and shod wiblv pearly dow— I wako : and gazing ovor meadows fair— Whoro only birds disburb tho droamfull oalm, - My thoughts Bpood upward, winged with thia sofb prayor Thafc Hoavn wjll shield my Dear from* ovory harm. And, if all bhls, my passion will nob prove Toll mo, I pray, how tnusb I truly lovo ? Whab bimo tho aopl dawn broadons into day, Whoroundor all tho earth grows 'faint with hoat-. „ Whon flow'rs luwo mob bho Badness of decay And birdH aib panblug, in oaoh dim ro troab— - I oan look backward b'o my lovo's fair dawn, Or onward, to tho ovoning of its charm And that fond pray'r of my dovobion born Aaaonds onoo moro, God koop my Doar v from harm, And, if all bhls, your orodonoo will nob move How Bhalll boll you bhab in brubh, ,1 love ? And, whon tho young moon, In an a'/ittro sky SallH out boypnd bho shadow of bho hille, Sluiddlng hor virgin -lusbro, timidly, Upon bho lovolfosb of wood-land rllla i l' Whon bhoao awoob birds, whoao bonder into- ' sfcrolay Hounds lllto a low lamonb for vanished JoyH) ' Ah UhriMb,1' I say, 'how glad bills rildifc w6uld bo Woro ho bub horo bo bloflu mo wibh his. voioo I' ?,??.,, And, if all UiIh, my passion may nob.nrovd' ? Toll mo, my Duar, how nuubl foul, to lovo?.' Albion Park, Maroh 11), The Annunciation. , I'Voin tho tfroub painting by Ouldo. 