CHAPTER XII. HAIIA'a DLTEOIHAIi. Tho Ilaorin do not mako long courfcahipo. But tho oivilicad Maori muot nceda bend to itome extent to tho wayo of civilisation. Sato it io to say that nowhoro, at no timo, fiinco tho colonisation of Now Zealand in 1840\. havo two individnalo. full-blooded Maorio, beon moro thoroughly civilicod, few moro highly educated, fow moro caro fully trained than Rama Tuona and Hori Totara. In ago ond eduoation thoy coo'mcd eminontly fitted to mako a matoh. And thoro wero othero boaido Biohop Gowan who hopo to £joo them wedded. If tho burden of tho ntory to bo told wero tho wooing of Rama by Totara, tho writer would dwoll hero at greater length ; yot thio wao not tho ovontful portion of thon? hiotory. Ou tho evening of Lady Ilerlin'a party it bcoamo a matter of common observation that thn young Maori clorgyman wao paying marked attention to Lady Merlln'o adopted daughter. On. that ovontful ovoning, too, tho Biohop, who arrived lata, and loft oarly, tool: occasion to opeak to hio heat about tho matter, and wao agreeably ourpriced, and pleased, to find Lady Merlin wao of tho samo opinion ao himeolf ; deolaring that it wao tho very thing ; that ouoh a matoh would bo heavon- niado, and promising, co far from throwing any obataolo in tho way, to promoto tho affair. Matoh-making io generally a dolightful feminino occupation : it wao a rathor now novolty for tho miotreso of Merlin Court, howover. Everybody agreed that Rama wao tho lifo of tho party. Thoro wero charadca of her own devising ; in ono oho converted Totara into tho moot groteoquo oavago, fishing np in tho Maoriu' Island homo; in anothor Hood's pathutio ballad, 4 Ilary'u Ghost,' wao por trayed in anything but pathotio parto. And abovo ond boforo all othor mattoro for wonder wao tho fact that Ladv Ilorlin laughed and applaudod, when at any other timo oho might reasonably bo counted on to oondomn. Sho wao young again, her guesta declared : and ouch wao tho hoppineao of her mood that if tho ball-room had boen ready oho would not havo denied tho troup of young peoplo a danco. That wao indeed uuggeatcd, but thoy had to bo catfcflcd with a promieo that on como futuro oooaoion, when provinion wao mado and thoy came prepared, thoir wishea would bo gratified. Amongot tho ooagntero no ono cang co ofton or no Gwcotly ao Rama ; whllo a duot bj Totara and Rama won unbounded admira* tion. IXuori logond woo intorspercod with the olaaaicol produotiono of tho ago. And when , tho pleaiiant ovening waa ovor, tho gueatn ; doolurcd that for yearo thoy had entortainod abjolutoly wrong iaipromjiono abou^ tho digujfied matron of Merlin Court ; that oho had been wronged in being go generally regarded ao an ombodimont of hautour and unbending formality. Totara was for going whon tho Bishop's party loft, but thia ho wuo perouadod not to do; and beforo ho left ho had a prenaing .invitation to visit Merlin Court often, fcr tho hostcsB wished to knov/ hotter ono who was bo suitablo a oompanion for Rama. And beforo a week moro had elopacd, Hori Totara had asked, and hod bccomo, the accepted Buitor for the hand of Rama Tutna. People said that aa Lady Merlin wao rioh and had ^neither child nor near rclativo, 