A LONG ROAD'S END, (By Ernest Favena.) (We reprint from our Supplement of November 24 the first chapter of Mr. Favenc's story, while at the same time giving the second sad conclud ing chapter. This is done in order that our read ers shall not be inconvenienced by the interposi tion of a month between the publication of the two chapters. — Ed. 'E. News.' HE long road seemed to be never coming to as. end. It would not have matter ed so much had there been any change in the landscape, any break or diversion which 'would end the -wearisome mono tony of straight gum for est and straighter, dusty track. The traveller be gan to feel out of temper, and his temper was usual ly of the best When the tired packhorse he was leading hung back, and did not lead bo well as usual, he jerked irritably at the halter, which was a thing quite unusual for him to do. The sameness of the timber and the sucrounciings was getting on his nerves, and be longed for some sort of a rest and change. Suddenly there was a turn in the road. It was no longer an everlasting straight trac-k, with the gaunt telegraph poles running beside it, but a deeply-follaged creek appeared in view, and be yend lie could see the green vista of a cultivation paddock. 'T wonder whether this can be Dowal's place?' muttored the rider. 'I thought it was further off; anyway, I'll inquire.' He turned off along the track which led to the homestead he was approaching, and let himself into the paddock by a naat, easy-swinging gate, which to a man accustomed to heavy sliprails was a luxury indeed. Everything looked smil ing and green after the dusty road, and he noted with complacency the irrigation canals and the «levate-l tanks. There was a nice garden around the house, and a convenient shed wherein to hang his horses up while he made inquiries. These inquiries led him to the verandah, where a young woman of rather comely presence met him with; a smiling inquiry. 'I suppose you are Mr. Conyers, 'wftom»my la ther expected to-day? He will be back directly; meantime the boy will attend, to your horses and brine your valise In.' Nothing loth, Conyers followed his guide into' the bouse, and sat down to some refreshment, which the young lady kindly adapted to a bache lor taste. 'I am glad I had an opportunity of speaking to you alone before you met my father,' said Miss Do wall. 'I know of you as an old friend of his for whom he has a great regard, and I wish to tell you that you will find. him. greatly altered, and I want you to pretend aot to notice It. Icannot account for the alteration, but it has been noticeable ever since my mother died, four years ago. I hope ymi are going to pay a long visit, and perhaps he may confide in you the j cause of the change in his manner. I assure you I it's worrying me.' At this unexpected and frank disclosure Con yers could do nothing else but express his desire to be of service, and it was an honest desire, for Dovrall and he had been always the best of friends, although often the width of the Austra lian continent apart. But a severance like that often tends to the continuance of friendship. Very shortly Dowall returned, and Conyers saw at once that there was a greater change in his friend than the intervening years should have made. But Dowall roused himself at sight of his old friend, and during that evening, at least, 'Was his old self. 'I thank you,' whispered Miss Dowall, as she said good night to her guest. 'He has not been ilke this for a long time.' Next morning Dowall still seemed his old self, and proposed a ride to a certain cattle camp, to havo his friend's opinion on. some cattle running there. Miss Dowall accompanied them, and, as the morning was bright and cool, the ride was pleasant in the extreme. After inspecting the cattle, they went on to a creek where a blackboy had been sent ahead with a packhorse to make a fire, and Miss Dowall soon had lunch prepared for them. They were in the miadle of the meal, and chatting gaily, when suddenly Dowall sprang to his feet. and. with a look cf horror, appeared to be listening intently to some sound. His face was white, and he was trembling all over. Miss Dowall rose and went to her father. 'Did you hear anything?' he faltered. 'Nothing out of the way, fa-flier.' 'Not a voice calling out?' 'No.' 'And you, Conyers?' 'I heard no voice.' 'It must have been fancy. I am afraid I am troubled with delusions, and wamt a change.' The meal was renewed, but all tie gaiety was trnns Conyers pondered long over the matter. That Dowall was troubled with delusions was evident enough, and he felt sorry for (his daughter, in ?whom he was beginning to take a great interest, and if he could surceed in solving the mystery of her father's strange illness, 'the interest might become mutual. He began to watch Dowall carefully, but quietly. There was no doubt that the man was haunted, and there was equally little- doubt that otherwise ' he Was as good a business m^n as ever, and as good a station manager. But what was the meaning of this strange illness that had over taken him? Conyer's visit became extended indefinitely. He was an idle man of means, although ener getic en6ugh on occasions. Lucy Dowall's grey eyes had, however, done their work, and he felt !he could not leave without a favorable answer to ills -suit. His answer, when, he asked the ques tion, was favorable enough, but Lucy told him plainly that it was impossible for h.er to leave her father while he continued in the peculiar state he was. 'Left alone,' she urged, and her lover could not deny it, 'he will become so mo rose and melancholy that I dread the worst,' 'Why does he not go away for a year?' 'He obstinately refuses. He has a nervous horror of being amongst strangers.' When Conyers spoke to Dowall about the feel ing he had for Lucy the latter looked troubled. 'I don't eay that the idea is unfamiliar to me, ann it has my warm approval; but you cannot marry Lucy until you (have heard the whole of ay wretched story. I do not feel capable of tel Ung you to-day. Give me until to-morrow.' Conyers ureed him to tell him everything when , the time came, as lie thought lie might be able to feela him, and with this they parted. The mys tery seemed to be growing deeper instead of dearer. What possible reason was there he. should not marry Lucy, save one? Had Dowall afflicted with this strange disease, persuaded himself that there was hereditary madness in his system? Conyers felt that he had hit upon the secret. He was assured that Dowall was no more mad than he was, and could one dispel the fancy th-af he was brooding over he vrould be himself again. Was it the death of his wife to ?whom he was much attached, that had produced this state of mind? Lucy said it comttsneed about that period. He told Lucy what had pass ed between him and her father, and spoke hope fully in the matter, and seemed to anticipat* that the statement would lead to explanations ?Which would clear up things in a happy manner He asked Lucy if she had any particular rea son for attributing his changed manner to the death of her mothw, and she answered that she nad a peculiar feeling about -th© matter that she could not account for. Much as her father and toother had loved each other, she did not think ttat excessive grief on her mother'e account Would in any way unhinge her father's mind He -was of too practical- a nature. 'Did you ever see Mm as he was the other day at the camp?' asked Conyers. 'I have seen him start aad listen ?with a terri fied air. but he never asked me if I heard any thing, or heard anybody speak, as he did that day.' 'And these starts and listenings commenced from the day of yoour mother's death?' . 'Not exactly from the day of her death, but from a few days after jiae was buried. And I have more to tell you. More that is still strange. I have heard talking in his room often. At first I felt frightened, and one night t summoned up courage to knock at the door of his room. ' 'Who is with*you, lather?5 I asked. ' 'No one,' he answered. ' 'Who were you talking to, then?' I asked. ' 'No one; I must have been talking in my sleep. Don't take any notice. I am rather rest less,' He was not talking in bis sleep, tar there _, j. -,.,.-.? . ?? were two distinct 'voices. . Since then I have heard them often.' Conyers felt that no satisfactory explanation iculd be given to this, and it was with some anxiety he^ awaited .the disclosure Dowall had promised to make. H. . '. '?'?? 'Conyers,' said Musgrave, when the time came for him te make his promised disclosure. 'Mine is about the strangest tale you ever heard. I de serve all I'm suffering, for I am a murderer. A murderer do I say? Far worse. I murdered my own son.' - i 'Tour own son,' saj^ Conyers in' surprise. 'I- did not know you had a son?' 'He was not a -white 'boy, he -was.a half-caste; you understand, of course, it was before my mar riage. I expected that when I: married, his mother might make trouble, so to make sure I told her everything.' 'The best way, too,' muttered Conyers. 'Mother and child hung about the station, and I could not well turn them away, but the mother, strange to say, appeared to have a great admira tion of my wife, and would do anything for her, but the son would not approach her, of which I was glad, for he grew up a sullen, ill-conditioned reprobate. For conscience sake I had him edu cated, and I wish to goodness I had not. To that I owe my trouble. He should have grown up in the blacks* camp by right. He -worked on the station, and as he grew up I could see that he resented his inferior position. That you see was the result of educating a nature not fitted to re ceive it Well, time went on, and Lucy came back from school, a_d then his evil temper broke out One da7 we were out on the run together alone. ' 'How would you like (he spoke perfectly good English) me to tell Miss Lucy that I am her half-brother?'. ' Td cut the soul out of you if you did, and you know it.' ' 'Cut my soul out, you, my father, eh? Just try it?' 'I did try it, and gave him it with the stock whip pretty hot, for I was mad at the thought of what he had said. ' 'Now I will do it,' he said. Then I pulled him off his horse, and went at him with my fists. I am a powerful man, and can use them as you know. I punched him about the body, and I suppose struck him hard over the heart, for he fell down dead.' 'Are you sure he was dead?' 'Sure! Do I know a dead man from a live one or not? Some blacks were about, and they tsok the body away, and I heard no more about it, but the mother disappeared from the station. Soon after that my dear wife died, and then it was that my torture commenced. I hear his voice, he comes to my room and talks to me, I am haunted day and anight. But I deserve it. Now I see you think that it is a good deal of fancy on my part, but when I heard the voice at the creek the other day7 did you or Lucy hear it?' 'That's easily accounted for. There was plenty of cover, and anyone could easily have crept up unseen, aad said anything without our hearing it. We were a little bit engrossed per haps.' 'The man -was dead I tell you, and it would not answer anybody else's purpose to torment mfe so.' 'Where's the mother ?'- 'She came back to the station after my wife died.' 'Will you let me change places with you to night, after dark, unobserved?' 'I see what you mean, but you will hear noth ing.' That night Conyers lay wakeful and watching, for he was convinced that Musgrave was the sub ject of a trick. He was not disappointed. When the house was quiet, a dark figure appeared in the dim light, and commenced to say something, but Conyers, determined not to rilk an -exposure, sprang out of bed and grappled with the in truder, shouting for Musgrave to bring a light. Thte man whom Conyers had collared fought hard to get away, but he stuck to him ustil Musgrave appeared on the scene. 'Here's your ghost, Musgrave.'- 'Good Heavens, and I have be*n frightened nearly into madness .by this man!' 'What shall we do with him?' 'You let me go,' said the captive sullenly. 'You don't know who I»am.' . 'i believe I do better than Mr. Musgrave does. - It's not the only part you've been acting. Now, we'll just lock htm up until daylight.' They did so,' and then Conyers, after Musgrave had quieted Lucy's fears, communicated his sus picions to him. '' - ? 'Is this the man you thought you killed, and who called himself your son?' ' ? ? 'It is.' 'Well, I don't believe that he is your son. He's bullied his mother into telling you so, and you've believed her. Come look at' the facts as you have told them to me. ' 'By jove, you are 'right, I believe, and I have been made a fool of all along,' and In spite of ?having been made a fool of Musgrave's face cleared with joy. When daylight came Conyers took the affair in hand and found all his suspicions confirmed by the mother's confession. So the long road came to an end. .-.-..?? .:'??. The entire collection of coins ana medals in the British Museum consists of nearly 250,000 speci mens. 