The Inhibition of Dr, MiYart, PULL PARTICULARS. Some few weeks bank great interest was taken in a cablegram in the Australian press to the effect that Cardinal Vaughan had in hibited Dr. Mivart from the yacraments, At the time we commented on the cable message. By the latest mail full particulars are to hand. Here then is the circular that was ad dressed to the Catholic clergy of tho riiocf so of Westminister by tho CardinalArch bishop : — NOTICH OF IXJUIimO.V OF SACJUaiENTS. Archbishop's House, Westminister, Feast of St. Peter's Chair, 1900. Rev. Dear Father, — Dr. 8 c. (Jeorgo Mivart, in His articles entitled 'The Con tinuity of Catholicism ' and ' Some Recent Apologists,' in the (( Nineteenth Century' and the 'Fortnightly Review' for January, 1000, has declared, or at loiist boomed to declare, that it is pernn'saable for Catholics to hold certain heru&ios; — regarding the Virginal Birth of Our Lord and tho Per petual Virginity of the Blessed Virgin ; the Gospel account of the Resurrection and the immunity of tho saored Body from corrup tion ; the realitv and transmission of original sin ; tho Redemption as a real satis iatiou lor tne sins ot men ; the everlasting punishment of the wicked ; the inspiration and integrity of Holy Soiipturo ; the right of the UV.holio Church to interpret tho sense of Scripture with authority ; her per potual retention of her doctrines in the same Henise j not to speak of other false proposi tions. As ho has thereby rendered his orthodoxy suspeot, and has, moroover, con firmed the suspicion by failing, after three notifications, to sign the annexed profession of faith when tendered, to him by me, it now becomes my duty to take further action, and I hereby inhibit him from approaching the Saoramonts, and forbid my priests to administer them to him, until he shall have proved his orthodoxy to the satisfaction of liis ordinary. Believe me to be, Rev, dear Father, your faithful and devoted servant, HkHIIKRT CAttMNAr, VaUOIIAN, ' Archbishop of Westminister. P.S.— If it were true, as Dr. Mivart asserts, that thoro wore persons calling themselves Catholics who hold any of the above heresies, it would be necessary to remind them that they have ceased in reality to be Catholics, and that if they were to approach the Sacraments they would do so sacrilegiously, at the peril of their souls, and in defiance of the law of the Churoh. Hkrukkt Cauiunaij Vauohan. Tho profession of faith which Dr. Mivart was called upon to sign ran aa follows : FORMULA. I hereby deolare that, reoognising the Oathollo Church to be the supreme and in« fallible guardian of the Christian Faith, I submit thoroin my judgment to horB, be Having all that she teuohoH, and condemning all that hhe condemns. And in particular I firmly believe and profess that Our Lord Jesus Christ, the only begotten Son of God, born of the Father boforo all ages, in tho fulness of time, for us men and fpr our sal? vatlon, oame down from Heaven and was oonoeived bv the Holy Ghost, and born of the Virgin Mary—that is to say, that tho same Josua Christ had no man for Hia father, and that St. Joseph was not His real or natural father j but only His reputed or foster father. I therefore firmly bollovo and profosa that tho Blessed Virgin Mary ooncolvod and brought forth the Son of God in an inofTablo manner by the, operation of I ho Holy Ghost, and absolutely without) loss or detriment to her Virgin! fy, and that she la really and in truth, as tho Catholic) Church moat rightly calla her, tho 'Ever Vlrtrln 'j that ia to say, Virgin boforo tho bin li of Christ, Vlr« gin In that birth, andVngln aftor it, by aaorod and spotless Virginity being per petually pronorvod from thu bogln'ning, th(Hi, ai d for over afterwards. I bhoroforo oondoinn and rojoo'baa false and hnrotolonl the npnorliori that cloubb or donlal of tho Virgin Birth of Uhrlub or tho por potual Vlrulnlty of iho Blonaod Mary, Molhor of God, la — or at any future time i'voi1 o'in bo In any aonao wliaU'Vor— oon- Hlatonb with tho Holy Catholic Faith. (Cf. Nluono and' Apowtloa' Croud and Con stitution of Pnul IV. 'Cum Qunrundam,' and Clement Vllt,, ' Doiulnlci Gt'ogla,'). I bollovo and profoHa that Our Lord Joaua Christ, aftor Ilia doa'h and buvial, roso again from tho doad, and that Hla Body glorified In Hla Rosurroublon la tho name aa that In which Ho nud'ured and dlad for ua upon tho OroHH, ' I rejoot and oondonm t.h« abatement that fcho Body of Ohrlab robborl In tho grave and aud'orod uorruptlon aa falsu and horetlonl. and contrary to tho Holy Cathollci Faith now and In all futuro tlmo, I firmly boliovo and profona in aooordanoo with the Holy Coutioll of Ti'ont that tho firab man Adam, when ho tmriagroueecl tho aommand of God In Paradlao, iinmbdiatoly loHti tho hollnoHB and juatloo in whloh ho had boon aonatitukod, and that ho Inaurrod through that provarloaMon the wrath and indignation of God, and that blUa provarloa* blon of Adam Injured, nob hlmaolf alono, bub Ms poQtorlty, and that by Ibthohollneauund juptioo rooolvorl from God wore- loab by him, nob for himself alone, butt for ua all (Of. Council of Trent, Boston V). I firmly believe and profess that our Lord died upon the Cross, not merely (as Socinus held) to set us an example or an 'object- lesson ' of fidelity unto death, but that He might give Himself ' a redemption for all ' by ' bearing our sins in His Body upon the tree,' that ia by making a true and full satisfaction to the offended justice of God for the sins original and actual of all men, and that these sins are taken away by no other remedy than the merit of the 'one mediator, Our Lord Jesus Christ ' (1 Tim., 5), who has reconciled ua to God in His own Blood; 'made unto us justice, sauefcifica tion, and redemption ' (1 Cor,, i., 30. Cf. Council of Trent, Session V). I rtjucii and condemn all doctrines which deny the reality and transmission of original sin, and tho perfect tmniciency of the atone ment by which man is reconciled to God in the Blood of Jesus Christ., as false and heretical, and contrary to the Holy Catholic i'mui iiuw uim lib nil uiuiru mnua, I firmly believe and profess that the souls of men after death will bo judged by God, and that ihose who are saved will 'go into everlasting life' (Matt, xxv, -10), ami those who are condemned 'into everlasting punishment.' I reject as false and hereti cal all doctrines which teach that tho souls in tloll may eventually be saved, or that their ulato in Hell may bo one which is not ot punishment. (Cf. Constitution of Council of Lateran IV). In accordance with the Holy Councils of Trent and of the Vatican, I receive all the books of tho Old and Now Testament with all their parts as se-t forth in tho fourth ses sion cf the Council of Trent, and contained in the ancient Latin orlition of the Vulgato, as sacred and canonical, and I firmly be lieve and profess that tho said Sotipturos aro sacred and canonical — not beoauso, having bton carefully composed by mere human industry, they were afterwards ap proved by the Church's authority, nor moroly because thoy contain revelation with no admixture of enor ; but because, having been written by tho inspiration of the Holy Ghost, they have God for thoir Author anci havo been delivered as such to thoChuich hei'Bolf. Wherefore, in all matters of faith or morals appertaining to tho building up of Christian doolrino, I ueliovo that to be nho true sense of Holy Scripture which our Holy Mother tho Churoh has hold and now holds, to whom tho judgment of tho true sense and interpretation of Holy Scripture be longs. (Of. Council of Trent, Session IV. ; Counoil of bho Vatican, Dogmatio Constitu tion of tho Catholic Faith, chap, ii, oanii). I firmly buliove and profess that tho doo triuo of faith which God has revealed has not boen proposed like a philosophical in vontiou to bo pot footed by human ingenuity, but has been delivered as a Divitio deposit to the Spouse of Christ, to bo falthlitlly kept and infallibly declared, and thattln.-io- foro that moaning of tho aucrod dogmati is to be perpetually retained which our Holy Mother the Church has onco declared, and that that moaning am never bo departed frum, undor tho pretence or pretext of a deeper aomprolu.riBion of thorn. I reject aa false and heretical tho anaortion that it ia possible at aotno time, according to the pro gress of science, to givo to dootrinea pro pounded by the Church a sense different from that whloh tho Churoh has understood and underatanda, and consequently that the aenso and meaning of her doctrines can ever be In tho oourse of timo praotioally ox plained away or rovorsed. (Cf, Dogmatic Ooimtilution of tho Vatican on Catholio Fulth, ohap. iv, can, iv), Moroover, I oondemn and revolco all other words nvid atatomonta which in articles contributed' by mo to tho 'Fortnightly Rovlow' and tho ' Nineteenth Century,' or in any othor of my writinga, aro found to bo In matter of fait li or morale - contrary to tho tenoning of tho Holy Oathollo Faith aooording to tho determination of tho Apostolic See, and in all suuh mattora I submit myaolf to tho judgment of tho said Sue, receiving all that it rooolvoa aud oon dumning all that it eondemna, 