[ALL EICHTS RESERVED.} What Gold Cannot Bay. CHAPTER XIContinued. "X hope you may. and J believe you will bo. Hove is the carriaEe. Tjet us po In. I suppose Mr. Savile is ready. Iv'othliip proved to me his mother's complete restoration bo much as her speech about him. 'Let lilm go away with you. Mr. Hawsoii,' slip said; 'It ho travels about Willi uk hi- will only bo nil additional responsibility to Miss Desmond. Kk-liard ) s iiKapubie of taking cfue of himself.' Sin. is marvellously toned down by suffering and sympathy; but we cannot expect the Kthiopiaii to change hiti skin, nor the leopard bis spots altogether, though onr may becnine a sliaili? lifi-Jtter and the other have fewer marks." It was with a thankful heart that Hope Desmond found herself and her cbargo safely housed in tlie StalTord Square mansion. Wis. Saville hore the Journey well—indeed, J oner than her companion, whose pale cheeks and heavy eyes bespoke mental and physical exhaustion. Mrs. Ravine's usual medical attendant, or i-aiber the medical attendant of the household, for the wiry woman scarcely knew what indisposition meant, awaited her arrival and noticed Miss Desmond's looks. "Jf I might offer advice unasked. I would recommend a tonic and some days' complete repose to this young lady," said the polite practitioner. "It seetns to me that her nervous system Is somewhat overstrained." "She shall do as you direct," returned Mrs. Saville, with her usual decision. "I will look to her myself. She has braved horrible Infection for me, and has had a large share in saving my life; therefore I value hers beyond everyone's except of course my sous' Yes, you look frightfully ill. Hope. I cannot have this." "Perhaps if I went to Miss Rawson for a few days," said Hope, with hesitation, "I might gather strength sooner. Here I shall always want to be up and about." "You shall be nursed !n no other house than this; eo, doctor, send In your prescription soon. As for me, I want nothing but good food and oc-' cupatlon." "You are indeed marvellously well and strong, considering what an Illness you have gone through. We have now every reason to hope that you will be spared to your family and friends for many years." "Much my family and friends care about that special mercy," returned Mrs. Savllie, with one of her Ironical smiles. "Good morning, doctor." And the doctor bowed himself out. "Thank God, he Is gone; I am dying to read my letters," cried Mrs. Saville. "Here Is a thick one from Mr. Raw- Bon." She opened It, and then, growing rather white, exclaimed, "Why, It encloses one from Hugh!" This she read eagerly, and then reperused It "Ah, If I could believe he cares for me." she said, at lengHji "The letter Is like himself, tender yet obstinate. He will ba there nearly as soon as> this." she went on, her small, thin fingers closing tig-htly on the paper. "He implores me to let him see his mother's face once more—the mother lie has been so near losing. Rawson has evidently told him of my illness. He confesses I had a right to be angry; j but reiterates his conviction that he i lias done well and wisely In securing the sweetest wife man could have. "Tou will see him, dear Mrs vllle ?" cried Hope, with white, parched lips. "You were so good as to think I was of use to you; if you wouldamply repay me. see your son—let him plead for his wife. They are married you cannot sepai-ate them, and if she is a true woman It will break her heart to know that she has parted mother and son. It Is in our power to confer Much happiness." "I will receive my son. As to his wife, I cannot say what I shall do. gave Han-son directions to have her watched; it was a shabby thing to do. but I did it. He Has had her clos-«rl,v shadowed, but she has been absolutely well conducted. Still, if It is in my power tn confer much ha-ppl ties? it was In hers to create much mifcry, and she did it '. Why. Hope, what is th« matter ? Are you il) ?" Hope fell bark in her chair so deadly white and motionless. that Mrs. Saville wan tenor-struck. She rang violently and rushing to thp fainting girl, began to rub her told hands. "Bring water, wine ! send Jessop cell back the doctor!" she cried, in great agitation, to the astonished butler, who had never before seen his imperious mistress so moved. , '^The doctor has just driven off, *m bat I -will send Jessop.' Soon the lady's-maid, the butler, and the housekeeper were trying to bring Mies Desmond back to life. When she did open her eyes they sought Mrs. Seville's; she smiled and feeby put out her-hand. "Now she must go to bed," said Mre. Seville, holding' the offered hand in both of her own. "She had better be carried np-stalrs." "1 can walk quite well; at least in a lew minutes," she murmured Hope, "Jessop will help me-." tr-hus Hope was relegated to-her own' room, where Mrs. Saville insisted she must remain all the next day. Wonderful to relate, that lady spent most of it at her bedside, reading or knitting. Neither spoke much, yet they hod aoertain comfort in the companionchip- MiBS Jftawfloii caller, and was admitted during Ali-s. Savlllc's absence When she -went for & short airing. Which she considered essential for her owd health. To her Hope explained that she must tor the present refuse her hospitable limitation. Then they talked long «nd confidentially, and Mies UawBon took charge of a couple of letters when she bade her young friend good-bye. It was then established that Miss Desmond was not to appear till luncheon time, Mrs, Saville being content to read the papers herself. The doctor was not quite satisfied; his young patient did not recover strength or toiiC; she was depressed and nervous, av-ersi; from food, sleepless. Some complete change to a bracing place might be necessary. Mrs. Saville, who was deeply concerned, went eagerly Into the question of localities, but implored, almost plleously, not to he sent away. It was the end of September, and, Lchdon was at its emptiest; Mrs. Mile was therefore spared the visits fin.'; kind inquiries of her kinsfolk nnd «•<;«,uainlnncf. Silo v:i:s ill at insp fr>»n anxi-ty concernim; Hope. All ti.at was kindly ami grateful in lier strong nature had been drawn forth by the desolate orphan jriri who had Hi. spirit to withstand her hitherto Uiidf^ir.t<M tyranny nnd the perception t> a ppen I to the better self which lay bireatli it. So Mrs. Saville sat by herself, thinking deeply of her past, her pre;, nt, and the possible- future one warm, rainy morning. "Horrid weather for H'l>"." she thought, "tinpossible for nerves to Ret l-ip.lit under such skyey Influence." Yes. she must get Hope out of lown. How desolate her life would be without Hi it girl : and she would need comfort and support in coming years. ISven If she brought hcvpclf to new pi Hugh's wife, she would probably turn out a thorn in thi ir side and keel) her and -her sod ppart. litre the old butler, with a beaming faec. announced, "Mr. Hugh, ma'am," anfi her son entered. How well, how distinguished, he looked I his strong ft.c deeply embrowned, his fine eyes looking eager yet soft. "Hugh !" cried Mrs. Saville, rising, and trembling from head to foot. "My dear mother !" he returned, tenderly, with a slight hoarseness of warm emotion, and he clasped her In fci.'i arms, kissing her affectionately. "Are you indeed safe and well ?" "My son ! you have nearly broken my heart !" Her tones told him he was already half forgiven. "Rawson told me this morning, just now, that I might venture to call. You must forgive me, mother. 1 know X deserved your anger, and this I regret. 1 only want you to let me come and see you sometimes, and I will trouble you no more. X can fight for in: own hand; and you must accept my innocent wife, too." "If will be a hard task, Hugh. I am a prejudiced woman, and my prejudices are strong against her." "I think they will melt when you ere her, mother." "I doubt it," Mrs. Saville was beginning. when the door opened, and Hope Desmond walked slowly into the room. She seemed very pale and fragile In her simple black dress. No sooner had she caught Bight of Hugh than her cheeks flushed, her great brown eyes, lit up with a look half joy,"half terror, and her lips parted with a slight cry. Hugh Saville sprang forward, exclaiming, "My own love ! my own darling wife!" and folded her in a raptur- ous embrace, kissing her hall', her eyes, her lips, forgetful of everything else. Mrs. Saville again rose from her chair, and stood petrified. At last Hope disentangled herself from her husband's arms, and, crossing to where her mother-in-law stood, said,, brokenly, "Can you forgive me for the deceit 1 have practiced ? 1 Can you have patience to hear my explanation ?'• "I am bewildered," cried Mrs. Saville, looking from one to another. "Is Hope , Dehmond your wife, Hugh ?" "She is! Can you not forgive me now f" said Hugh advancing to support Hope's trembling form by passing his arm around her. "It i6 Incredible t How did you come to impose upon me In this way ?" "X will tell you all," Hope began, when she was Interrupted by a message which the butler brought from Mr. Rawson requesting to be admitted. "Show him up; he is a party to the fraud," said Mrs. SayiHe, sternly. Hugh drew his wife closer to him as Mr. Rawson entered looking radiant. "I trust you do not consider me an intruder," be said. "You come just when you are wanted. I feel my brain turning," returned Mrs. Saville. "If you will listen," urged Hope with clasped hands. "Yes, pray hear Mrs. Hugh Saville," eaid Mr. Rawson. Mrs. Saville turned a startled look upon him, and Hope went on : "When I came to this good friend, who ofitred me the shelter of his house'so scon lie he found I was the niece of his old rector, • I wasln despair, j began to realize the mistake, the disobedience, that Hugh had been guilty of. I had yielded too readily to the temptation of spending- my life with him. I felt that I- was the cause of his troubles, and I was overwhelmed. 1 wished that I could die; anything to be no longer a burden and an obstacle. Then I heard Mr. Rawson sj-takof finding a companion for Mre. Srville, and the thought came to me of being that companion, and perhaps winning her affection for myself, and restoration for Hu^a/' a sudden s4> interrupted her; then, with an effort, she went on : "Mr. Raweon was startlea at the Idea, but his daughter at o;ce took it up, and, after some discussion, it was agreed that I should make the desperate attempt. I: was : therefore introduced to you by two of my names—Hope Desmond; ! was call- - td Katherine Hope Desmond after my mother, who was Uncle Deemond's-only Bister. . How I had courage, to brave suck an experience I cannot now ' understand, for my heart,"—she pressed her has da against her bosom, and disengaging herself, made a step near- er fcer mother-in-law—"seems to flutter and fall me. But the desire to retrieve the wrong 1 had wrought sustained me. I did not tell Hugh what I had undertaken until I had be?n some weeks with you. He was much alirmcd, and begged me not to risk too much—to leave as soon as I could ir the strain was too great; but he did not forbid me to stay. So 1 stayed. How dreadful the beginning was ! "Yet, though you were cold and stern. I could bear it, for you a.ri toi strong to be suspicious, or pettj, or narrow, and I dared not let myself fear you; and then—I grew to know yon had a h<-nrt. That Is what makes this nir.ir.ent so terrible. J fear your disapproval more than your displeasure Now, can you, will you forgive me ?" Mrs. Saville was silent: her brows Were knit, her eyes downcast; y<H I kipc dar=d to take the small hand which i lay on the arm of the chair Mi*. Savilie did not dra w it away. The lotk- I er.-. held their breath. Then she drew Hope's to her and gently stroked it, "I think," she said, slowly." that you an. the only creature that ever understood me. 1 forgive your husband, and accept you—not because his disobedience is pardonable, but because, when I came back from the jaws of death, the first sight that met my eyes were your tears of joy at my recovery. Yet, hari 1 died Intestate, you and your husband would have been far better off Ulan you will be; and you knew It." You sr.- the first that has ever given mewhat gold cannot buy." "Mother," cried Hugh Saville, l n a tone of wounded feeling, "I always loved you as much as you woOld let me." "Perhaps you did. I believe jicii did." said his mother. Hope had sunk on her knees and kissed the hands which held hers, then he-:- head fell forward, and Hugh sprang forward to lift her. "She is quite overoden." he exclaimed. almost Indignantly. "She is but a ghost of her former self." And he Placed her in an easy chair, where she lay with clos«d eyes. "Happiness will be a rapid restorative," said Mrs. Saville klndlv. "Now. what punnehment Is to be dealt out to you, traitor that, you are ?" Slie con tinued. turning to Mr. Rawson. I degrade you from the high office or niv chief adviser ? I must hold a eouncii. and the council-board shall be my dinner- table. Bring your daughter to du.ner this evening, and we shall settle many matters ? And Hope- if you feel equal to the task, write to Richard, inviting him to dinner to meet'hls new eister-in-law." "Very few fellows have so good a rirht to be proud or a wife, as X have," cried Hugh, exultingiy. "Our old naval st.vries of desperate cutting-ouit exploits ore poor compared to the enduring courage that upheld Kate, as I always call her, though the long strain of her bold undertaking." "She has enlightened me, at all events," said Mrs. Saville. "Now go away to the drawing-room and have yt.ur talk out. The doctor Insists that a complete change Is necessary for Hopes recovery: so take your wife oway to-morrow for your long-delayed honey-moon. But. remember, whenever you are pursung your profession on the high seas. X claim the companionship. Mr. Rawson's pleasant protegee." "Dear Mrs. Saville. I will be your loving daughter so long as you care to have me near you," cried Hope; and, no longer hesitating, she folded her formidable mother-in-law in her Warm embrace. THE END. { "call back the doctor!" HER LIPS PARTED WITtf A SLIGHT CRY. 