THE FILIBUSTERS. a b BY C. T. CGTCLIFFE HYXE, Author of "The Adventures of Captain Kettle." &c.;, &c.; t • CHAPTER XIII.—PREPARATION'S FOR AX EXIT. t We did not ring for orderlies. We went g o the stables and saddled the heroes ourelves, and rode out. of the courtyard withut, 1 believe, anybody noticing us. a <Ihe streets were lit anl dei^.tcl, end he houses were dark. The new President id not encourage wandering abou; after ightfall in Dolores, and he frowned upon vening parties for the present, ik: knew hat the revolutionary schemes were hatchd for the most part during evening hours, nd for the present 1 , atany rate, he did not hoose to be embarrassed by ah active oposition. Twice we met street patrols who recogised Carew and myself, and let us pass; nd then wc came to the Nicaragua Gate, •the guard let us through without the east- demur. Sir William Carew's escape ould not have been made easier. And so here we were, outside the capital; and 1, the only responsible being in Sacaronduca ho knew of the fellow's colossal treachery, had* helped him successfully to avoid the ust consequences. If is true I "was in a anner forced into doing this, but that did not make hie any the more pleased with he result. We bad a good long ride in froni of us efore we came to a piece of quiet ground, for that side of the city is well l'ringed with the villas, and bungalows, and country houses of the better-off people, who prefer the sweet open air of the plains to the somewhat dubious scents of Dolores. A cable tramway ran down the first two miles of the road, with double avenues of palms shading the sidewalks on either side, and we trotted along together on the righthand flank of the metals, to all appearance; the most amicable pair of gentlemen who ever took an early morning constitutional. After villadom, came larger estates and farms,. and after the farms came a broad quaking belt of - marsh full of black pools and waving reeds,, and uneasy with nightfowl and alligators. . The. stars hung in the night above us, the fireflies danced over the sour morasses at oilr sides, and the road swung under the beat of the horses' hoofs' as a ferry swings on -a river. A close moist heat exhaled from the place. In the middle of this bdt of quagmire Carew pulled up his horse. "This would suit us, I should say, Birch,"" he remarked. 'After I've shot you l can tip you over the edge of the causeway, and you'll be neatly ia inexpensively buried." "Quite so," .said I, ""but it 'happens that I intend to shoot- you if it can be managed,' and it wdoddn't '^uit iiie at all'lo chuck you to the alligators after the event. I should want to take your carcass back to Dolores as a guarantee of good iaith." "•And stick.my head op a s=pike at the top of the Nicaragua Gate? Rather out of date that sort, of thing, isn't it? However, we can put the horses on one side and blaze at one another iip and down -the road, and then the man who drops will be lying on dry ground for the other to deal withv-as he sees fit. There's another thing I might call your attention to. It's just possible that the "man who remains alive may be wounded, aad'Sf he is I'll bet a lot he finds the water precious -handy and comforting. I've been wounded myself more than once, and I know what -thirst is." I was quite prepared for the possibility of being snot dead, but in the blaze of my anger against Carew the idea of being wounded had; not eome to me before; and 1 confess that when the scoundrel mentioned it I was conscious of ari unpleasant chill.- -It is not desirable to be wounded at any time, and here, if the survivor of the duel was badly enough.hit to be helpless, he_ might very well starve to death before he was interfered with.' Since the revolution traffic had ended with the farms at the Dolores side of the belt of,marsh, the country beyond was for the most pqrt wild, and inhabited on-ly by miners. hunters, Indians, and log cutters, who were either still loyal to Maxillo's rule, or were too indifferent about politics to. have acknowledged the new Government. It was overrun by bands of men who called themselves guerillas in the service of Maxillo or one of the former Presidents, but who were in reality mere brutal-handed brigands. And the belt of swamp was tacitly looked upon as neutral ground, and tio one risked a gun shot by crossing it. , I put this coldly enough to Carew, and suggested that we should go back a mile or two. "We.can have our tight there quite undisturbed, and if a wounded man occurs, he will get somebody to look after him. It seems to me we have come too far." 'And it seems to me we huve not gone far enough," he retorted. '"'It would Be a dioice between, frying - pan and fire for me back where we have come from, because afll Dolores will know by to-morrow morning the little game I have been playing, and Briggs would string me up on sight dead or sound if he could manage it. On ahead I grant it might prove an unhealthy neighbourhood for you, Birch, but at the same.time it isn't.exactly a safe harbour of refuge -for me. Of course, there's a'good deal to be said, in favour of both as views, but we haven't time for talk now, and e so look 'here. I'll toss you for which it is to be, forward or back." He spun quarter, and clapped it down; on the knee oi his riding - breeches. "You show, to me.-" "Mine's a head." He uncovered "the coin, • and scraped a match-, to 'show it jne. "A tail," said I. "T don't mind. It'; lucky to lose at the beginning of a game —it improves my chance o-Fwinning later."' ' Dawn was beginning to thin down the horizon from purple into grey; the stars were snuffing out; and from somewhere in the marsh a curlew gave a scream or two preparatory to beginning the business of the day. ., The road swung under us as we cantered on, and ahead the rim of the fo-- rest 4>egan to show up, like the line of low black: cMfi. Carew drew a cigar out of his pocket, bit the end off, and lit it dexterously without slackening speed. A smoke would have suited me very well also., but my. horsemanship is of a more elementary order, and . I did not choose to pull up to get, a light. The -dawn grew as we -went on, and the wall of -trees began to. show feaithery crests' projecting from its oornice. Soon the outer paling of trunks made itsellf distinguishable, and then we oould make out the outlines of palmettos and the other shrubs which made up the undeigiowlh. And presently, indeed, we were off the quaking inardi road, and out . of the dawn, and well into an alley of the forest, which was still filled with a gloom of night. Here it was that I made a halt. "Get down," I "said. "There's a glow of" a log-cutter's fire over yonder amongst the trees, and assistanee will come from there to the man who wants it." "Bui, my good man, it's too dark to shoot one anoitier here. We Should only waste at lot of cartridges and kick up a deal of unnecessary noise. Fve got pressing business on ahead; yon might just as well ride on with me and save tune." "Fll stick by my baxgam. It was to be ei tiier this side of lie swamp or the other, and you won tlie Itoss. Here we are, and here we stay titi we've had it out." "Well, I must say you're deuced unaccommodating," Carew gnixnbled, and swung a leg over the neck of 'his horse, and slid to the ground. "'How-erer, I'm not going to beg favours of you. I'll just tie up my moke and -take a bit of a rest till you're pleased to be ready."' I also dismounted, and tied my horse's reins 'to an overhanging bough and sat down with my back against a mossy stump. I pulled out a pipe and lit it, and fell to wondering whether 1 should ever smoke another. It was an eight-year-oSd briar, aud just then, although I cleaned -it out three or four times with a grass it persisted in bubbling like a kettle. But for all thai I do not think_I ever found a smoke more luxurious. But, then, when you axe waiting for a crack shot to blaze at you the commonest thing's of former everyday life do seem to come to you in a strangely pleasant guise. JSy decrees the night noises of the forest, the croaking of the Wee toads, the rustle of jar-flies, and the talk of the katy-dids died'out ; a cold, Taw light filtered through the upper tree stems, and the jungle of undergrowth crept -out of formless gloom inio familiar shape. I was not enjoying the wait enough to want it prolonged unnecessarily. Besides, the neighbourhood was full of dangers with which I did not wish to tamper. So I shouted across to Carew, who was sitting down some twenty yards away that I could see the whites of his eyes distinctly. •-. He jumped" to his feet. ery well," he said, "if that's the case it's light enough for us to get through our business." I sot up also, tmholstered my revolvers. nd put a cartridge in Ihe unloaded cham-1 er in which the hammer had been resting. so as to have the entire six shots ready if necessary. ' You can give the word yourself,'" said I- "Sing out one, wo, throe, and at three we shoot. We're about right for distance as we are."' Move away to the right, mail, againsthose palmettos. You've got a light backround behind you where you are now. I iior.'l want lo take an unfair advantage." "Thinks," 1 said. "You can't help being gentleman sometimes. Carew. "It's a pity you're such a horrid blackguard between whiles." lie did not. reply in words lo this, though 1 did see the ghost of a grim smile wry his mouth. J was just beginning to step out to take up the ground he had pointed violently out of the cover behind Carew.: At th« same moment a noose of plaited j raw hide rope dropped over my head and I shoulders, was instantly plucked taut,.and before 1 could so much as struggle I was heaved over thump on to my back. Caiew's pistol cracked, and I heard the bullet whisp past my head, and simultaneously a yell told ine that it had hit one of the men who were interfering with ray oomfcrt. And then for an instant I caught sight of Carew, also lassoed, and struggling like a wild cat in the toils. Now it sounds funny to remember afterwards that I should give a thought for the welfare of this scamp who not ten seconds before I was arranging to shoot; but the fact remains that I did empty the first shot out of my pistol on his behalf. The noose of raw hide had pinned me above the elbows, I had mv forearm and wrists free, and I took as steady a shot as T could manage from that inconvenient position at flu; man who held the hauling part of Carew's tether. It is probably ennally funny from the point of view of history to remember tJ'at Carew sang out., "'Hold up, vot fool, or you'll be shooting me next." * | (To be continued to-morrow.) 