THE GIMCRACK CLUB. [CHRONICLED BY W. T. G.] The usual weakly meeting of the Gimcrack Club was held at the rooms, Cartridge- street, Balmain, on Wednesday night last, the President (Mr. Wriggletwist) occupying the chair. Mr. Waddlekin said that in regard to the war the British were scouring the country and sweeping everything before them, and—— Mr. Snagglewit : Are the colonials scrub- bing the undergrowth and dusting the trees ! The President: Order ! Mr. Snagglewit: Well, I saw in one of the papers that President Steyn's state- ments wouldn't wash. The President : That has nothing to do with it ! Mr. Snagglewit: Why, there are some Australian alluvial miners out there could wash anything from a dish of dirl to a flannel shirt ! The President: Order ! If the honorable member does not try to behave himself—— Mr. Snagglewit : Do you know why Parliament is continually prorogued, month after month. The President : The Chair desires order. Mr. Snagglewit : Because the country members are afraid to come to Sydney for fear of getting the plague ! The President : Order ! Mr. Snagglewit: Why, a whole lot of city members have gone to Bourke on a picnic for fear of being arrested as being bubonic rats. The President : If the honorable member continues to disturb the meeting by inter- jecting, the Chair will have him removed. Mr. Snagglewit: My life is not a life of ease ; It does not seem too sweet ; Remove me anywhere you please. But not to Sussex-street ! The President : If—— Mr. Snagglewit: Oh, you've got the pip. The President : The pip ! Mr. Snagglewit: Yes, it's the wind blow- ing through your teeth makes your tongue wag ! The President : The Chair now desires to resign. The behavior of the honorable member—— Mr. Snagglewit: I apologise ! The President : The apology is accepted. Mr. Snagglewit : That's right. We're like the City Council ; we have only an apology for a chairman. The President: What? Mr. Snagglewit : I say it is only proper to tender an apology to the chairman. Mr. Waddlekin hoped that he would now be permitted to remark that the success of British arms was now assured. In the course of a few yeas, when a few more million troops were sent against the hand- ful of Boers, success was certain. The Em- peror William of Germany had said that blood was thicker than water, which was the clearest proof that the Kaiser had never been in Cobar. The other nations were also disinclined to interfere. One of the daily papers reported that the South Aus- tralian Bushmen's Contingent consisted of 126 soldiers and 140 horses. Mr. Snagglewit : Why didn't they take as many horses as asses ? The President : I will stand this no longer ! Mr. Snagglewit: Well, keep sitting down. Mr. Waddlekin hoped there would be no more interruption. It was surely a matter of satisfaction to all loyal subjects to find that the British were being supported by all the colonials, and especially by all the politicians who were on the look-out for titles. And the foreign powers, being only game to tackle the weak—and none of them ever tackled anything strong, except whiisky —would not interfere on behalf of the Boers. Dr. Leyds had assured them that help would come, but they all knuckled down when the British Lion roared, chiefly because it cost them every sixpence they could spare to raise and main- tain their armies on a peace footing, and a war would burst them up. The Emperor William was right when he said that hlood was thicker than water, excepting at Cobar, and the British would prove to the world that it was quite possible for a rich nation, with 40 millions of people, to beat a poor nation of about 80,000 people. Mr. Chuckleben : Tara-raboom-de-ay ! We've got good news to-day ! The Boers they scoot away ! And things are all so gay ! No odds what people say ! We're bound to have our way, Because our parsons pray ! Ta-ri-ra-boom-de-ay ! Mr. Chogsop regretted to notice that on the previous day three fresh cases of plague were reported—— Mr. Snagglewit : What, are they import- ing the microbes by the case now? The President : Order ! Mr. Snagglewit : What the devil are you—— The President : Oh this is disgraceful ! Mr. Snagglewit : Do you mean to say you don't believe in a devil ? The President : Certainly, and the name of the devil is municipal incompotence. Mr. Snagglewit : I'm with you ! The President : With me ? Mr. Snagglewit: Yes, if you go to Bourke with the politicians who were scared of the plague; we'll go on to Cunnamulla, if you like. The President : Cunnamulla ? I'd prefer the plague to Cunnamulla, and would sooner stand a dose of typhoid. Mr. Chogsop said the plague was a serious matter; but for what earthly purpose did the “Daily Telegraph” demand that the Sydney Council should be done away with ? The aldermen had certainly not done much, but they had strictly adhered to the honored method. They had, in the im- mortal words of Dogberry, behaved as most ancient and proper watchmen. Why, then, should they be removed ? The plague had occurred in London, and hundreds of people had died every day ; what better example could be followed ? It was true the plague in London was about 250 years ago, but then surely it was only fair that the City Council of Sydney should be 250 years behind London. If the council had never allowed the plague to appear, the city would never have been cleaned at all, and the annual deaths from typhoid would have gone on for ever. When the noise was made about the plague, which was not nearly so dangerous in Sydney as typhoid, the City Council, if they had not enough energy to do anything themselves, had at all events not exhibited enough energy to prevent or object to the Government stepping in and doing their work. What more could be expected of any city council ? Mr. Snagglewit : Do you mean to say that the typhoid is more dangerous than the plague ? Mr. Chogsop : Well, it kills a lot more people. I don’t know what other evidence you want. Mr. Snagglewit : But what about the only Harris ? Mr. Chogsop : Which one ? Mr. Snagglewit : The beknighted one ! Mr. Chogsop felt much sympathy with the Mayor, who was a most estimable person, And had labored hard to maintain the traditions of the councils. Mr. Chuckleben : The shades of night were falling fast When through the Argyle Cut he passed, A youth who bore 'mid rats aud mice A banner with the strange device—— Methusalem ! His brow was sad ; his eye neneath Was nothing to his clenching teeth ; And like a silver nightpan rung The accents of the unknown tongue, Jerusalem ! “Try not the Cut !” the old man said ; “You'll cop the plague and soon be dead.” The youth put on the usual “side” And loud the clarion voice replied, Great Catapult ! “Ovstay” a maiden cried, “and shout A blankey glass of blankey stout !” A wink was in his bright blue eye, But still he answered with a cry, Herrcut er that ! “Beware the rats, beware the mice !” This was the lady's last advice. But as he trod upon a rat He hitched his pants and grabbed his hat, Jehosophat ! It was the Mayor of Sydney, who, In Eighteen-Hundred- Forty-Two, Was shifted from his noble post, And said, as he gave up the ghost, Geewilikins ! Mr. O'Moses said he observed that the Premier, on the advice of Mr. Barton, who seemed to be the unofficial Emperor of New South Wales, had had the lmbeerial Government—— Mr. Snagglewit : lmbeerial ? Mr. O'Moses said he understood the Federal delegates from Australia, all but two, had done nothing else but drink beer in London ever since they had been there. That was why he called it the Imbeerial Government. Mr. Lyne asked for an ex- tension of the Colonial Marriage Act. Mr. McParritch said the object of the Colonial Marriage Act was to arrange that all marriages in the colonies should be legalised throughout the Empire. In Eng- land itself there had been a great difficulty for many years. They had tried to pass a “Mar- riage With Deceased Wife's Sister Bill,” but this had always been opposed by the grammarian chiefly on the ground that there was no such person as a Sister Bill. If it had been asked that a measure should be passed in favor of a marriage with a deceased husband's brother Bill, there would have been some sense in it. Mr. Chuckleben :— There's this much must be said direct In every direction ; Collect, collect, collect, collect. Collect, collect, collection ! The motives we may all respect ln view of circumspection, But all the same the word's “collect, Collect, collect, collection !” Mr. Chogsop moved that the Club adjourn to the Dog and Duck, to drink success to the Lyne Government for their immense work in endeavoring to eradicate the City Council. The motion and the Club adjourned. 