Both Tarred With the Same | Brush. I , [By J. W. B.l II. There was much private discussion of the question, as I havo said. The church party swore that Miss Doddler had been filched by Shalmanoser Simkin. Tho chapel party retorted tho accusation with equal vigour. The public houso interest sided lustily with 'Felicia; tor puiuicans, Knowing uu wmuu side their bread is buttered, do not love the sectaries, among whom ' Cobbett' was pro minent. The tcetotalors at onco declared for 'Cobbett,' on the same principle ; for those who are sworn to ' touch not, tasto not, handle not' aro among the roundheads rather than the cavaliers. The rector thought it highly improbablo that Miss Doddler should have purloined the laurels of Shalmaneser Simkin, and intimated that the traditions of literature were most certainly not in the keep ing of the Schismatics. The minister of the Bethel, a more charitable man, hoped that neither of them had been a pilferer, but that both had independently hit upon protty much tho same turn of thought, and shape of stanza. But tho fullest -expression of both public and private oninion was reserved for the Banner and the Bomltltell, respectively Tho Editor of each of theso sheets was also its owner, and I this fact constituted a double inducement, not | to let so rare a chauco of ' copy' slip unim ' proved away. This was the summing up of the whole matter, and the last of a sories of articles on the subject, by owner-Editor Borlge, of the Banner : ' THE TAllLES TURNED' V. 'TIT FOR TAT.' This controversy has at length reachcd its crisis. We must onco more express our vast surprise that any persons of sound mind should for one moment fail to see that the ' Tit for Tat' of Cobbett' is an unblushing plagiarism from ' The Tables Turned' of ' Felicia.' Tho thing was stolen right out, and then mangled to some extent, to throw suspicion off the scent. Could anybody, not hopelessly vulgarised by tho narrow, un generous views of dissent, fail to contrast the classic breadth and repose of Miss Doddler's quatrain with the Gothic thinness and unrest of Shalmaneser Simkins ? Which, wo ask, is the likelier — that ' Felicia' should steal from ' Cobbett,' or ' Cobbett from ' Felicia ?' Must we descend to particulars? Then to particulars let us descend ! Could a stanza containing such noble Latinisms as ' mater's arms' and 'strong pater' possibly have been stolen from a barbarian, who rovels in such pothouse epithets, as ' old dad' and ' tough old bender ?' But enough of this, and more than enough. Why seek any further to prove that the sun shines in the sky ? Wetfeel sorry for the misguided bungler who directs the (mis) fortunes of the Bombshell. His advocacy of the nonconformist counterfeit is his crown ing mistake and dishonour. For ourselves, we decline to discuss the matter any further in our columns. It would be simply a waste of good ink and paper. We aro glad, how ever, before closing this paragraph to announce that ' Felicia's' many admirers are about to present her with a public testimony of their unshaken esteem and admiration. Owner-Editor Budge, of the Bombshell, had not failed to keep step with his rival, of the Banner. Article for article had appeared right along, and this was the Bombshell's latest and last bulletin : 'tit for tat' against 'the tables turned.' As 'we come out a day later than our (weakly) rival, we have the good luck of the last word. And this last word we shall utter in our usual plain style. For our own part we do not think much of Latin aud Greek words, and never use a foreigner when we can find one of home birth ready to our hand. ' Crisis' is but a foreign makeshift for 'turning point;' 'plagiarism' for ' thought and word thievery.'. We 'will not say any more on this point just now, but go on to show that ' Felicia's' ' The Tables Turned' has, for a sure thing, been stolen from the ' Tit for Tat' of ' Cobbett. ' Mater,' 'pater,' instead of 'mother,' 'father.' | are about as plain a proof of a born fool as any that could be found. And is it the more likely, we ask, that the bringer-in of such brainless words should steal .from a racy native, or be stolen from by him? Does John Bull go to Rome and Athens for English words, or do thoy come to him for the same ? Such questions answer themselves. For our selves, we own up to being hopelessly vul garised by tho narrow, ungenerous ' views of dissent,' aud havo not a little bit of a wish to know what ' classic breadth and repose' mean. Indeed, if ' Felicia's' ' Tho Tables Turned' shows forth those points, we have a great, big mind not to know them. ' Tit for Tat' speaks for itself. We do not need to help out such fine old English as ' old dad' and tough old bonder.' Anything more striking has, wo make bold to say, nover come out in newspaper type, and one such bit is worth a million dressed up jabberings. As for tko words ' misguidod bungler,' ' crowning mistake and dishonour,' etc., we beg to hand them back to tho sapless tapoworm who always measures others by himself. We do not want to rob him of personal effects he can so ill spare. We feel suro that ho has taken up the sham 'Felicia' becauso of that Fellow fueling (which) makes one wondrous kind. We, on the other hand, have takon up the true ' Cobbett' for a similar reason. Wo aro sorry that we cannot invito him to the dinner shortly to be given in honour of Shal maneser Simkin, for the reason that its gotters up aro dealing in none but genuine articles. The banquets followed close upon these editorial summings up aud amenities, taking in Miss Doddlor's case the form of a tea party, and in Shalmaneser Simkin's that of tho more literal thing. Miss Doddler's camo first. It met in the church ' house,' included both sexes, and was preBidod over by the rector's wife-— a good-natured, but limited, lady, whose reading iu pootry was bounded by Keblo and Miss Havergal, and who, with the usual close logic of hor sox, was convinced that English literature and tho English Church wore ono and the samo thing. After piles of meat- pies, fruit tarts, sandwiches, sponge cakes, etc., had vanished with surprising swiftness, taking into account the unwilling look of their par takers, as thougli by way of protest against such gross vanities on such an csthetic occa sion—after this painful duty had been per formed with exemplary thoroughness, tho'fol lowing address was presented to Miss Doddler. It was framed, nicely illuminated, and ran aB follows : _ ? ' To Hiss Mary Ann Doddler, better known in Literary Circles by the nolii de plume of ' Felicia.' Wo, the undersigned residents . of Boilingtou, representing, as -wo believe we do, all that is best m its religious, political, sooial, -aml literary life, beg to assure you of our continued confidence in ! your literary genin?, and to congratulate you on your latest and best effort — a masterpiece indeed. As to your base rival nnd coanterfeit, wo leave him to the present scorn of nil whoso suffrages are worthy ; and to tho future infamy of Ireland, Lauder, and other notorious forgers in literature. Wo are proud of having in our midst tho true suc cessor of Mrs. Hemans, and' feel assured tbat neither Mrs. Browning nor Miss Ingelow would hold lightly so illustrious an addition to tlieir visiting list. Signed, on behalf of ourselves and many, many more : Mary Driver, tlio Rectory James Tummeii, Solicitor Reuben Rocket, M.P. (Borough) Hannah Hickins, Church Teacher Emmanuel Bodge, Owner-Editor of tho Banner. This address was generally supposed to be tho composition of Dr. Driver, and was pass ing enough, save the slight anachronism con cerning Mrs. Browning, who was no longer in the land of the living. But as something of a ghost of a doubt haunted his mind as to tho genuineness and authenticity of ' Felicia's' masterpiece, he, with something of that wis dom of the serpent wo are exhorted in Scrip ture to emulate, forebore to head the signa tories. This, however, did not avail him much, for his impulsive batter half committed him hopelessly to the cause and interest of Miss Doddler. (To be continued .) 