The Sign of the Cross. We are Christians, and our sign to make this known is— tho ?? Sign of the Cross.' Of whab religion aro you? Time was whpn tho Christians used to answer thiB question by only a Sign of the Cross, and ho was sufficiently understood, and by this his faith sufficiently manifested. in iiiib name oi vne vax-ner, ann ot tne Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Meditate on theso mysterious words with which we ncoompany the rnligious si^n of our redemp tion, and you will find in them an abridged profession of the whole Christian religion, a memorial of its greatest mysteries, a prayor comprising faith, hope and charity, an nob oont-.ainine adoration, praise and saorificn. With this Bi£(n we wore marked when entering this lifo ; wo asked, in tho person of others, for our share in the immnnRo merit of the Saviour Jesus Ohrisf-.. With this sicn wo shall bo ngain marked by our mothnr tho Church when, departing this world, wo Bhall go to ask our Bhare of tho Eternal Kingdom. A Sign of tho OroRq consecrated our oradle, a Sign of the Crops will bless and consecrate our grave. Enter into life and walk in the nam« of thn Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghoat. Depart; thin world, Chris tian soul, in the namo of the Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Thus it is between two -solemn invocations of tho Holy Trinity that religion has plaoed all the days of man ; and as man's days, fast paBainR, Hko the soa waves, might havo lost their purity had they not run always under tho eyes of God, Christianity has sought torooall in our mind tho remembranoo and the thought of tho Holy Trinity frequently during our life, in all important oiroum stanoos, and oven several times in the day. So from tho unction ' of Baptism to tho last unction which prepares tho Christian for death, all tho sacraments aro administered with tho mystorious Sign of the Oroea— in tho name of tho Father, and of the Son, and of tho Holy Ghost. It prooedos and follows all the prayers and ceremonies of the Church, and it is found mingled with all tho aots of hor flaorl/lee. Adorable and powerful siprb. I By it the oarly Christian disconcerted and dissipated tho prestiges of tho devil in tho magical and superstitious ceremonies of tho pagan's j by it tho martyrs reanimated thoir own courage amidfib the awful tortures thoy had toaufior, By thif) sign all our man of faith wrought thoir mlraoloB, and by it all our saints stood firm against and oludod tho attacks of thoir spiritual onomloM. ' It io tho shield,' sayH St. Gregory Nazlanzon, 'whioh has pro-' t'Ootod mo against the evil Bpirit and his dangerous assaults,' Happy ho that knows tbo answer and tho virtue of tho Sign of tho Cross I Happy ho who, far from boing aehamod of It, glorloa In and ohorishos and plaoon in it) his strength, his jny, and his hope I A Sign of the Cross roHpfiously made loavoa always a good, a heavenly imnrnHfHon on tho brow ovor whioh it pnBsns, Id hhiRtmn and oonsooratoB that of tho Infant, it rofroHhos and brightens that of tho vnuth, it rumovoH tho wrinklos from that of tho full-grown man, it revives and ronovatiow tlmt of Mio old man. Make it your ooiih twin Ij prnoMoo lo rlno nnd go to rost with tho Sign nf tho Gross, and God will blofls all your nights. Tho fl rs*i gonoral mooting of tho United Irish Lrajluo, formed lust week, will ho hold on TttPHday evening next at tho G, U,0.O.F. Hn)l, Onnlloraieh- fibrooti, whon offloofH will bo ulcotnd. 