a REGRET. (By MIadge Barlow. in "Glasgow tS'eekl Herald.") CHAPTER I. "Ella!" The tone fvas sharp, but the tremor in the man's voice showed mental suffering. Suffering that was not less keen because -it hid beneath a cloak of pride and scorned to parade itself before the eyes of another, and that other the woman who had called it into being. This was his flist repulse, his first heart-pang, and he was .all unprepared for it. He had been so copfident of victory; on full of satis faction with luimself and the whole world. She was only a girl in years. but she looked like a woman who had left girlish joys behind and found the hidden serious 1 ness of life. In the pale gra~vity of her 1 face the deep, clear eyes shone stead l1astly. They held a purpose, and if the lines graven around the mobile lips spoke 1 truly there was plenty of determlination to carry it out. Ella Trente was na weak willed creature to be turned aside from the path she had chosen by a- man's fretful pleading. "Don't speak as if T were altogether contemptible," she said with a faint emile. "You have asked me to be your wife, and I have refused as gently as I could. You should not blame n?." "Perhaps not." "And I am sorry to give. you pain. Ralph. but in time it will pass away and you will forget.". "Spare me your platitudes." he replied. grimly. "At least let me remember thiat you were honest. I want no fietitous sympathy." "And I offer none. Betwveen old friends candor is best.". He leant him elbows on the table. and stared moodily around the dull little studio at the unfinished picture on the easel, at the completed ones that occu pied the wall-space. at the artis:'s para phernalia scattered here and there. and his eyes were darkly resentful. He had no love'of art. One picture was as good as another to him. They were only daubs of paint over which it was the fashion to wax enthusiastic, and the sublime work of a master hand stirred.no responsive chord in his inner self: neither did the crudest amateur effort offend him. It awoke a mild sense of the ridiculous. That was all. Now positive hatred began to take the place of indifference. The dumb canvas was his rival. For the joy to be found in the exercise of her genius, and in the pursuit of that elusive will-o'-the-wisp called Fame. Ella had given him up., and bidden him speak no more of love. As if she really believed that he could remain her friend, and see her day after, day, and discuss commonplace topics with her in the dismal poky flat among the chim ney-pots, and never utter the burning words that would surely rise to his lips in spite of his efforts to keep them back. Oh, no. She asked too much. "I suppose appeals are useless." he said. breaking a silence dtring which she had been soberly waiting for developments. "You are going to devote your fresh youth, a lifetime maybe, to art. It comes first in your thoughts and aims. I and the love offered to you and the happiness lying at your feet are sacrificed to this Moloch, lest we should interfere with the winning of a fame that may never be yours. Dear, do not choose rashly. Take a few days to consider." "It would not alter my decision one bit. When the dream becomes an accom plished fact it will be time enough to think of-these other things." "By that time." said Ralph. dryly. "I may have changed my mind." "And we shall be friends, just as we were before you got idiotic notions into your head," she cried, gaily. "I should like that better than anything else, Ralph. You were a good comrade always, and we pulled together splendidly. Didn't we?" "Splendidly." he echoed. "And now you have turned disagreeable and spoiled the whole evening." He held his peace. and said something forcible and appropriate in the secr't depths of his heart, where Ella could not hear it. "Why on earth do you want to marry me?" she demanded. "I am not the least bit pretty. Am I?" "No." he replied, bluntly. "You at not pretty. Did I ever say you were?' "Never, Ralph. Your brotherly frank nes was, and is, refreshing." '"Another chap would dip his tongue i, honey, and swear you rivalled Venus but I can't pay you silly compliments It isn't my way." . She smiled and nodded. - "That's why I chose you for a ftiend You were so different from the rest. Yot seemed to know my moods by intuition and when I needed petting, or sym pathy, or just a scolding, you used to talk straight to me pretty often, and in stead of resenting it. I listened meekly Ralph, you were a privileged person." "Was I?" "Yes, sir." She moved over the ease and lifted her brush, but he took it gent ly from the unwilling fingers, and some thing in the expression of his ince brought a troubled flush to hers. He was going to go back to the question' that had rudely disturbed their serenity How persistent he was! How unrea sonable! "Ella, I must have a definite answer." "I gave you one." "Either I leave here to-night your ac cepted lover, or we say good-bye, ant part. Which is it to be?" Tears welled to the grey eyes, bu they did not move him to pity. '-e w, too angry and indignant to feel compas sion for anyone outside himself. He quiet determination vexed him griev ously, and-a cloud of sullenness settler on his brow. "If you asked me to wait three years five---I would do it." he said, in an in jured tone: "but you will not. Tot promise nothing." "Because I want to be perfectly fre until " "Until your ambitious hopes are real ised?" A scarcely repressed sneer ac companied the qluery. "Yes." "You do not count upon failure?" "I shall try to forget that there is such a word." "'Stronger than you have been worsted in the struggle. You were meant fo simple fireside joys. Ella, not for the ranks of those who toil and fight. I understand you better than you under stand yourself, and by-and-bye you wil be compelled to acknowledge that I spoke truly." At the door he turned, and, taking the small forlorn figure in his arms. kissed the warm lips passionately. "When you grow tired, send for me. I shall be close at hand," he whispered. "But though I love you more than life. I will not come unless you bid me." "Where is Ralph'?" asked an old lady, who entered the room an hour later, and found the girl alone. "Gone home," she replied. ¶'Have you quarrelled?" "Yes, and no,: grannie. It takes two to make a quarrel, doesn't it? And I certainly controlled my temper. Ralph is a dear fellow, but very obstinate." Time passed, and the young artist drew near the attainment of her heart's desire. True to his word, Ralph Lester kept away from the little studio, and though she missed him terribly, she would not send for him, since that would mean the relinquishing of her plans and the tactit ackriowledgmentpo defat. They met occasionally,; and their greetings were cordial, but she had to steel herself against the mute protest of his eyes, or her firmness might have given way When success crowned her it would be sweet to go to him and tell him that she had learnt love's lesson in the long. lonely days , of labor, unbright ened by the presence of her more than friend. To lay her head on his faithful breast and say that she was. very weary and needed the-supoort of his strong arm, the help of his cheery counsel. But fickle Fortune tarried. For five years Ralph pouaesed his soul in patience. Then he said she was heart less, and In bitterness of spirit he left the place, where the sight of her tortured, him wIth thoughts of what might have' been. n.. Ells heard the news in Eilencp 'r.l ;arew thinner and paler as she wrlk'- at hter picture. It was for the A.?'tti'i Two had already been rejected -bit through this she expected to win r"-row" and a public recognition of her gen(. Somehow, since they told her of his dc parture from London, inspiration flagged, and her hand seemed to have lost its cun ning. The unexpected stiock preyed upon her health. Often her eyes were wet with causeless tears, and in the dim night watches regret, like an unquiet ghost. stood heside her pillow and banished sleep. She was beginning to find out that she had suffered an irreparable loss. CHAPTE' II. A ballroom, crowded almost to suffo cation. A blaze of light and heat. The flash of jewels on fair bosoms and arms. and the glitter of gay uniforms. The clear laughter of women, mingled with the deeper voices of men. and above all the music throbbed in a minor key of ineffable sweetness. I.n a window recess two people sat apart from the throng. The woman toyed listlessly with her fan, and watched the man's stern profile from under her lowered eyelids. His head was down bent, his arms were folded across his breast. and he seemed absorbed in his own thoughts. This was their third t-te-a-tetc since they met again after a separation of seven years, during which they liad lost sight of--cea-'i other.-and both were conscious of awkwardnes's and constraint. Ihe recalled him from dreamland by re marking, gently: "That is a be-utitiul waltz. It used to be your favorite." He started. "I beg your pardon," he. said,-confusedly. "I ai afraid .I was not listening. What is it?" "Sweethearts." The melody floated round theln. and something stirred in the man's heart that thrilled him with a sudden pain; and into the woman's face crept a softened look that made the tense lines of the mouth relax, and gave it gracious curves and tenderness. "I have not heard it for a long time." she said. with a quick catch in her breath. "Neither have I." he replied. And both thought of where they had heard it last. in the shabby flat among the chimney-tops,. and for the woman that warmly-lit room was peopled with the ghosts of dead hopes and mocking memories. But he saw only a pair of sweet gray eyes._ and the unsatisfied longing, the passionate desire that years of striving after forgetfulness could not subdue. awoke to tenfold life. He thought lie had stifled it. killed it. and from its funeral pile Love rose again, deathless and triumphant. . The dancers passe and re-passed, their mirth jarring on the silence of the two in the quiet nq k. The motion of her fan sent an odor of white violets in his direction, delicate, fragrant. full of the freshness of spring 'hdgerows. It was Ella's favorite perfume. and it was inse parably associated with many incidents of their past comradeship. The wheels of time went backward whlile he mused. and the rresent Vanished for a space. "Did you dream become a reality?" he asked at length. "Not quite," she replied. "I have had disappointments and'only "one success. I overrated my 'owna pdmiers. Talent is not genius " "It is too soon to ackno4iledge defeat." "I shall never attain to my ideal:" she said, in a tone of conviction:. "but the disappointment will not crush.me. Some one else will occupy the niche in the tem Ple of Fame which I thought meant for inc. The fact that most of my pictures sell, and that I earn a comfortable in come by designing Christmas cards for a first-class firlm is a solace to my woutnded vanity. We learn wisdom as we grow older, and youthful egotism drops from us bit by bit." "Was I a true prophet?" "Yes-partly." ."If you had to choose no'w, which would you hold fast-love or ambition?" "Love." she said, in a low yvoice and with paling cheeks. "Who hstooild give the shadow of joy for the substance?" He raised his head and looked at her. He stretched out his hand and touched hers. "Ella." . "Ralph." "Have you forgotten?" "'No. How could L?" "You cared for me then?" "Always. From the very- beginning. l know when it is too late." "My darling:" The words were utter ed under his breath, but she heard, and her eyes were glad. He had been cold and. cynical pt their previous, meetings. Perhaps the presehce of strangers ac counted for it, or he might have thought that her former treatment of him mer ited some reproof. some show of displea sure. Now the expression of his face could not be misunderstood, and she al lowed her hand to rest in his, and won deredt if ever woman in this world had such cause for gratitude; feeling, too, in the glow of her boundless happiness a thrill of pity for those who did not know what it was to be loved by him. It was even possible to think of the [years that were gone without being un duly saddened. They had matured and strengthened her judgment. They had witnessed the daily building-up of the love that crowned her life with perfec tion. and they had taught her lessons of patience and self-control. In the blissful future to be spent with Ralph she would make amends for any sorrow her wilfulness had caused him. "Do you enjoy this kind of thing?" He nodded towards the brilliant tluhrong, and spoke like one who is ill at ease and troubled. "Now and then, to relieve the same ness of existence; but with me a little gaiety goes a long way. On the whole I prefer work." "You always had a superflous stock of energy," he said with a smile. "And you were correspondingly lazy." she retorted. ' '|i| He rdledsed her hands, and bent for w-ard, A curlous, dull resignation effac ing the brightness that went as quickly as it came. "Ella, why did you let me go?" "Because I was foolish and wayward." "We were both to blame. I should have persevered instead of taking you at your word. You should have been less obstinate. Well, there is no use in la menting. When we make a hideous bungle of our lives we must be prepar ed to abide by the consequences." "I-I don't understand," she faltered, uplifting pleading eyes and shivering slightly. A chill premonition of evil crept over her, turning the warm blood in her veins to ice. Surely they had no thing to fear, now that they were re united and he loved her still? Yet why was he so pale, and stern, and wrath ful? "You are angry with me, Ralph." "With you?" he said, remorsefully. "'No; but with myself. I have b~ cowardly and cruel.I might have guard ed my tongue better, and spared you this pain; but I swear to you, Ella, that I forgot. I remembered only that we were together, and a brief delirium con quered sense and reason. Think gently of me if you can. Believe me when I say that I w;ould give the remainder of my life to recall what I said to-night to undo what I did two years ago in a fit of angry rebellion against fate." She stood up and laid one hand gently on his ariji His words had no mean ing for her', but she saw that he was miserable and needed comfort. A woman parted the palm branches in front of their retreat, and stood looking from one.to the other with an amused, indulgent smile. "I have been searching everywhere for you," she said in a high-pitched-voice., with a decided and not unpleasingYan kee.twang. -t'Won't you inrtroduce me, Ralph?" The two women exchanged glances, 1and at the sight of the ex Q uisitely dressed stranger a wave .of;r e?-ihtsop swept across Ella's fartdem .l 1fting left it white and cold. 'That perfect.: elf-possession and air of propjrie?,orship. together with Ralph's ,sls'Je bZouhteliance, enlightened her a little; but still the shock was severe, when. after alr awkward pause, he said I-r ifie--Miss Trente." She did not wince. She tookit quietly, unemotionally to all appearances, as we sometimes take a stroke that aims at the root of our most cherished dreams, our dearest desires: though'we may whim per at the pin pricks like utter cowards. "I am so pleased to meet you," said Mrs Lester,gracious;y."Our hostess often speaks of you, and your pictures are just too sweet for anything. We must pay a visit to Miss Trente's studio, Ralph. How naughty of you not to tell me that you were old acquaintances!" He was silent, and to cover his dis comfiture Ella made some trite remark that "turned the conversation into less personal channels. It was a ghastly farce trying to appear interested and animated, but it came to an end at last. "I'm real sorry a bad neuralgic attack kept me from knowing you sooner," said the voluble American with a gen uine outburst of good nature as she took leave of Ella. "lVe mean to stay here for slx months, and you'll let me be your friend, won't you? I uased to think clever people were naturally disagreeable, but you're downright nice. I declare, if Ralph_ hasn't gone off looking as - sulky_ as a bear. There! .Good-bye again, Miss Treinte, or rather, au revoir." "You are tired. murmured Grannie, softly, stroking the brown head that rested on her lap. "Vas it a grand affair?" "Very..' "Did .you meet anyone you knew last night?" "A great many. Ralph was there." "Ah!" T".he old woman's anxiety. was plainly evident, and she waited for what was to come next; but Ella was unusu ally silent, and .the gentle drip of the rain upon the windows soupded loud in the stillness. "WRere you talking to him?" "Oh, yes. We had a long chat." "Vell, dear?"-impatiently. She drew the wrinkled face down to hers, and kissed it. "I am going to remain with you. Gran nie, so you may stop planning and hop ing. 'There are no birds in last year's nest.' " 