SCHEHERAZADE. w ? ? ™ A LONDON NJGHT'S ENTER . BY FLORENCE ^VfABDEN. CHAPTER XlV.^fContinued). : ' ' The evening ended peacefully after the events and storms of tile . day, each feeling that they had a better^ understanding of each Other, and yet each acknowledging ahat they ©till had much more to learn than they had expected. But that night, long after Nouna, tired out, had gone happily and peacefully \o ?leep in his arms,- George lay awake, and'&t;^1 knowledged mournfully to. himself that.hU Lad made a bad beginning. He had shown want of self-control over the diamonds and Hahas's visit, he had shown, ^eaknass in let-? ting Sundran stay, and he recognised vividly that the dignity of husband required a very long list of qualities for the proper mainten ance of the character. A little more conduct like that of to-day, and the young wife to wbcm he ought to be as a sun-god, a model of what was right and noble, would begin to despise him, and all would be over. They .would sink at once to the level of the or dinary cavilling, cooiiig young couple whom every new-made husband so heartily con temns. George fell asleep resolved to inau gurate a new regime of immaculate firmness and forbearance in the morning. But how could he have reckoned upon the Irresistible charm of a waking wo man, ' fresh after the night's sleep as an opening l-ose. all smiles, blushes, bab bling girlish confidences, sweet reticences, a creature a thousand times more bewitching, more beautiful, than in his hottest young man's di-eams he had ever imagined a mortal could be? Her loveliness dazzled, intoxicat ed him; spaces of time which a week before were called hours passed like brief seconds in her society. He tore himself from her side too, late; for the first time he was too late for parade. ? On the following morning it was Nouna herself who hurried him off, and he was charmed with this dutiful wifeliness, un til he was suddenly startled out of all atten tion to an order from his superior 'officer by tie appearance of his wife, in a white dress and the baby-bonnet he had bought far her, on the parade ground. As for the Colonel, the unexpected appari tion of this extra ordinary little figure had an almost ghastly effect upon him. George saw him glaring at the poor child as if her white drapery had been the flimsy garment cf an authentic ghost. ''Who brought that girl here? Tell her she has no business on the parade ground,' said Lord Florencecourt in an almost brutal tone. Much incensed, George rode forward with a crimson face, and saluting, said: 'Colonel, that lady is my wife.' He did not notice the rapid movement of cu riosity and excitement which his announce ment made among such of the other officers as stood near. They had all looked at the girl's pretty face with surprise and admira tion, but the information that she was the wife of a comrade produced upon them much the same effect that the discovery of a fox in an animal they had taken for a rabbit would have on a group of hunting men. But George's attention was wholly absorbed by the strange demeanor of L-otcI Florence court, who seemed to have forgotten all about his marriage, for 'he started and stared at him with a fierce amazement utterly bewildering to the younger man. ? 'Your wife!' he echoed in a low voice. And. he faced Lauriston with a searching look, which the young lieutenant met steadily. They stood like this for some moments, each 'finding it hard to control his seething anger. The Colonel, as became the elder man and commanding officer, recovered himself first, and told eGorge . curtly that, as parade was over, he had better rejoin his wife, and lead her off the ground. This suggestion the young mail was glad enough to take, and he saluted and rode off without a word, still in a state of hot indignation. The sight of Mas sey and Dicky Wood standing beside his wife, evidently both doing their best-to make them selves agreeable to her, and succeeding to all appearances very well, did not tend to soothe him, and on reaching the spot where they stood, he swung himself off. his charger in a most unamiable mood. He had selfcom mand enough left not to reproach her in the presence of his comrades, but the tone in which he said, without taking any notice of .them, 'Come up to my rooms, Nouna,' and the young wife's, sudden pallor at his words caused the two young fellows to exchange significant iooks, which both Lauriston and his wife unluckily saw, expressive of fear that the poor little lady was going to have 'a bad tjme cf it.' At the door of the officers' Quarters thev came upon the Colonel, who was, looking as uncompromisingly fierce as ever. He exam ined Nouna from head to foot with a straight forward aggressive scrutiny which made George's blood boil, while his wife, for her part, stopped short to return his staTe with equally simple directness. ? 'George, who is he?' she asked;suddenly in a low eager vcice, turning to her husband as he put his arm brusquely within hers to lead her past 'Lord Florencecourt^ ihe Colonel,' he whis pered back, hi an important tone, hoping that the officer's position would impress her suffi ciently for her to awake to her want of re spect. But before George could see what effect his words might have, the ColoneL himself, who was looking very haggard and grizzly this morning, an. object grim enough to arrest any woman's attention, broke into the whispered conversation with brusque coldness. He had not lost a word of the rapid question, and an swer, and a slight change passed over Ms ashen grey face as if the blood were flowing more freely again, as he noted the unconcern with which the lady heard the announcement of his name. ' 'Pray introduce me to yoiir. wife^ Lauris ton,' he said in such a hard voice that the re quest became an abrupt command, without taking his eyes from her face for. one second. 'Perhaps, indeed, we have met before. Mrs. Lauriston seems to know me. In that case I hope she will pardon my short memory.' 'No, I haven't met you,' said Mrs. Lauris ton hastily, looking at him with open aversion and turning to take. her husband's arm as if she considered the hardly-formed acquaint ance already too long. 'Then my memory is better than yours, I am sure,' said he, with a ghastly attempt to assume his usual society manner. 'What was Mrs. Lauriston's maiden name?' he ask ed, turning to the young lieutenant 'Miss Weston, Nouna Weston,' answered George, with growing curiosity and interest. The Colonel's face remained impassive as wood. 'Ah! Any relation to Sir Ed-ward Weston, the architect?' 'Are you, Nouna?' 'I never heard of him,' said the girl, while her eyes remained 'fixed, with the fascination of repulsion, en the Colonel's hard, lined face. 'My father was Captain Weston, and he died hi India; I don't know anything else.' % 'You, came here this morning to see yonr husband drill?' 'Yes.' 'Ah!'' The Colonel seemed to 'be revolving something in his mind, and he lacked again at Nouna for a, moment doubtfully, as if ? uncer tain whether to ask her another Question. However, he refrained-from doing eo, and only said, still coldly, but with a perceptible diminution at harshness: 'I must apologise for detaining you, Mrs. Lauriston, but your fausband is such an old friend of mine that I could not resist the tenjpt^tiQHLof: making your acquaintance, on thg first .opportunity.' With a formal salute the.- Coione| retreated, and George hastened upstairs -io[. his rooms with his wife to takf off his uniform. At any other time Nouna would have found great delight in immediately tryjng on- his ..sash and the Colonel, while it had one good- result in averting her husband's displeasure with her for following him to the barrack^ Jiad damp ed her spirits in a very marked 'fashion. 'George, how could you say that the Colo nel was nice?' she asked almost before the gentleman in question was out of earshot. 'I think he is the most horribly etfldj hard man I ever met. It is quite right. for him to be a soldier; he looked as if lie wished I were the enemy and he could hack at me.' 'Nonsense, child,' said George, 'He thought he had met you before, that's alL And you looked at him in the -same way. Are you sure you never saw him until to-day?' he asked curiously; for he had been much struck by the puzzled interchange of scrutinising looks, and was still rather anxiously in the dark as to the circumstances of his wife's life before he met her. 'Quite sure,' said Nouna slowly, looking straight before her and trying to pierce the gloom of old memories. 'I seem to have seen somebody a little like him, I don't know when, and I don't know where, but I am sure I have never before to-day seen him himself. Why, George, he is too horrid to forget!' And with a start and a little shiver of dis like, she dismissed the subject and bounded across the room to play like a kitten with the ends of her husband's sash. CHAPTER XV. : Even in the intoxication of the, ifiist , few days of married life, George Lauriston had not forgotten his resentment against Hahas, in whom he could not fail to see a subtle enemy to his domestic happiness. On the morning after his marriage he had called at the house in Mary-street, and was not at all: surprised to be told by the servant that Mr. Eahas had gone away. He insisted on seeing the elder merchant, Fanali, who, however, only confirm ed the woman's statement by saying that Ms nephew had gone to France on business of the firm. It flashed through George's mind that this sudden journey abroad might be with the object of visiting Nouna's mother, with whom it was plain that the young mer chant had some rather mysterious undertak ing; but the next moment he rejected this idea, being more inclined to the opinion that the Countess, for some unknown reason, was anxious to have it believed that she was further off than in truth she was. He next went up to Messrs. Smith and An gelo's offices, saw the elder parraer and laid before him a vigorous remonstrance with Madame di Valdestillas fcr employing a fo call Rahas) who dared not show his face to the husband, as her messenger to a young wife. The old lawyer listened as passively as usual, and recommended the indignant young officer to write to the Countess on the sub ject. 'And if you will take a word of advice,' end ed the old lawyer, his eyes travelling slowly round the sepulchral office as he rubbed his glasses, 'write temperately, much more tem perately than you have spoken to me. The Condesa is a very passionate woman, and while she is all generosity and sweetness to those she honors with her regard, she is liable to be offended if ghe is not approached in the right way.' 'I don't care whether she Is offended or not,' burst out George, with all the righteous passion 'of outraged marital dignity, 'and her generosity and sweetness are nothing to me. She seems to have a very odd idea of what a husband should be ? ' At this pcint Mr. Smith, who was smiling blandly in a corner of the office, drew Ms mouth in suddenly, with a sort of gasp of horror, which he smothered as his partner's eyes, without any appearance of hurry or any particular expression in thern, rested for a moment on his face. George meanwhile went on without pause-^'if she thinks he will stand any interference between his wife and himself. She has done her best to ruin iier daughter by her fantastic bringing up-^— ' 'Oh, hush! hush!' interposed Mr. Angelo, while his sensitive partner absolutely writhed as if it were he himself who was being thus scathingly censured. George continued: 'But she is quite mistak en if she tMnks she can treat her in the same way now. Nouna is my wife, and if I catch any other messenger, black, or white, or grey, humbugging about trying io see her without my knowledge, I'll horsewhip him within an inch of his life, if he were sent by fifty mothers!' A curious incident occurred at this point. There was an instant's perfect silence in the room. George was standing with his back to the door of Mr. Angelo's private office. No sound was audible but the nervous scraping of Mr. Smith's feet on the carpet, and a sub dued clearing of the throat from Mr. Angelo. The young husband was too passionately ex cited to take note of either face, and both partners kept their eyes carefully lowered as if they heard the outburst under protest. Yet in the pause, without any conscious reason, George turned suddenly and saw against the glass upper panel of the door, the outline of a woman's bonnet, with a small plume of fea thers on the left side. He turned again im mediately and faced the lawyers with an en tire change of manner. Feeling a strong con viction now that he had a larger and mere im portant audience than he had imagined, with a flash of self-command he controlled his an ger, and spoke in a firm, clear, earnest voice, each word ringing out as if he were giving a solemn command. 'Perhaps,' he eaid, 'I am judging too harshly. I mustn't blame anyone for loving unwisely; I haven't yet shown that. I can love wisely myself. But I wish Madame di Val destillas to know— I beg you to let her Jqiow— that I have taken upon myself, with all so lemnity before God, the duty she was not her self able to fulfil, of cherishing Nouna and shielding her with the influence of a home. I ask you also to beg her not to send TSouna any more costly presents, like the diamonds Rahas brought; they only make the. pobr.chUd long! for a chance to show them off, and it will be years and years before I can -put her insa po sition to wear them without being ridiculous. I'm sure if Madame di Valdestillas were to know that, she loves her child much too well not to see that I am right' (To be continued.) ' . 