LITERARY NOTES FROM LONDON. (From our Special Correspondent). London, June 8, 1900. No less an authority than Edward Dicey has decided that English literature is going to the dogs. In his view nothing can be clearer. Divide the Queen's reign in half. 1837 io 1870, and 1870 to 189O. "In order,' says Professor Dicey, "to establish my con tention, it will, I think, be sufficient to recall the names of the writers who were in their prime in the first of the above named periods. The leading literary cele brities of the first period may foe cited as follows:—In history we could boast of Maeaulay, Carlyle, Hallatn, Fronde, and j Grote. Jn records of travel and adventure i we could name Kurton, Baker, Kinglake, and Morrow. In poetry kc had Tennyson, j the Brownings, Swinburne, Rossetti, an.l Matthew Arnold. In fiction we could claim Dickens, Thackeray, Bulwer Lytton, Anthony Trollope, Charles Lever, Wilkie Collins, George Eliot, Charlotte Bronte, Captain Marryat, and a host of minor writers, -who, if they had lived at the pre sent day, would, I think, have been reckoned among the Dii tnajores, not the Dii minores, of the world of letters. Against the above record -what has the second period to show? In history Dr. Creighton, Dr. S. K. Gardiner, Dr. Stubbs, Jlr. Lesky, and Mr. Justin McCarthy. In travel and adventure no name of first class eminence occurs to my memory. In poetry Mr Alfred Austin, Sir Lewis Morris, and Sir. Watson. In fiction Sir Walter Besant, Mr. Meredith, the later Mr. Stevenson, Mr. Morris. Mr. Rider Haggard, Mr. Anthony Hope, Mr. Hardy, Dr. Conan Doyle, Mrs. Humphry Ward, Miss Corelli, Mr Hic hens, and 'Mr. George Moore." Mr. Dicey purposely omits Kipling, because he con siders him the pioneer of a new era, but why J. M. Barrie, Francis Hodgson Bur nett, treorge Du Maurier, Stanley Wey man, George Bernard Shaw, richard Lt Gallienne, W. E. Henley Augustine Bir rell, S. R. Crockett, and Marriott Watson are left out I can't surmise- Mr. L-icei doesn't know what he's fuming about, or he would have condensed his remarks to the single dictum that whilst from 1837 to 1870 we were lucky in a small round of geniuses and cartloads of "rotters," to-day we have perhaps three geniuses and cart loads of mediocrities. Go to any country .library far from the madding crowd and rake up there the class of novels read in the sixties. You couldn't get them pub lished nowadays. Of course where there i vanity and money downright rot will get into print even now. But we have liter dlv scores of authors wlo ore always quite readable, and often really talented, though " Mr geStebbin g 's "Life of Charles Henry PtarW* £"bein? reviewed at great length by all the papers, literary and ordinary Even the gave jt five col umns, thougn the Australian portion is cci vere. Says the journal in question:— 1 ear son's Australian career was patchy, like tnt rest of his life. From sheep-farming tot passed to a lectureship at Melbourne Liu versity, the became headmaster oi the Presbyterian Ladies' College at Melbourne, next a politician and Minister of Public Instrue lion in the GiUies-Deakin Ministry. Mr Stcbliing's informants are evidently correct in their,surmise that he was too thin j skinned for the outspokenness of Austra lian public life. He resented the social I slights which the squatter class inflicted on him'for his Liberalism, writhed under tliq lash of the 'Argus, 1 and failed to under-! stand that the game should be played in the spirit of give and take. Yet he gained the ear of the Victorian Parliament, his opinion was held in .respect by his Minis terial colleagues, and he anticipated by a good many years some of the latest educa tional ideas of this country, such as the substitution of the boarding-out system foi industrial school 'barracks/ This, though few men seemed less qualified to -win theii way in a genuine democratic assembly. To the popular colonjal judgment his bearing suggested, though falsely, intellectual con, temptuousness. He carried about with him tie air of the student, or rather, of the professor addressing students. His voice retained, enough modified in time, what it pleases Australians to describe as 'the Os tord drawl.' There was too much of the 'customary English coldness of demeanor.' Hia care in dress—for, as his wife says, %c never gave up his Bond-street tailor*—3iis uands r-o small that tie could never find gloves to fit theni^ the semi- blindness, which necessitated the use for the one effective eye, besides his spectacles, of a strong glass, all produced an impression of refine ment and fastidiousness. To his short si{!jhtedness in particular was due 'an ab stracted manner;' and from a want of phy sical robustness came a. deficiency in the roughvigor often mistaken for resolution. The Victorians deserve every credit for hav ing given Pearson his chance, and it was purely of his own inclination tftat he re tired from politics and the colony, leaving many friends behind him. Ue returned home to act as secretary to the Agent-Gene ral of Victoria, to publish 'National life and Character,' with its strange prophecy of tihe triumph, of the yellow races, and to die. It is, as we have said, a depressing: story, though relieved from failure, in- any i but the most material sense, by Pearson's uttdeviating highmindiedpes. As ihe re cord of a, 'pure life it -will, no doubt, be ac- \ cepted in Australia. We could wish, how ever, that Mrs. Pearson had resisted tie' pardonable temptation of making out ber husband to have been frequently misunder stood and ill-used (by political rivals. Pear son's contributions to -English periodicals in his lifetime certainly conveyed that im pression; trat it might well Slave perished witii him, since even public quarrels have their two sides." The Hon. .alfrcd' Deakin, writing in the "Daily Chronicle," says:— "Wlhat will probably remain with most readers of this volume will be a'profound admiration of tie man it commemorates, coupled Tritih a sense of the contrasts be tween Sum and bis environment during his fruitful Australian career. In die front of a etalwart, sun-browned, rough^hewn race of adventurers and toilers engaged in con quering a continent, we are shown in sil houette the stooping figure of a scholar, re finement written in every line of iis face, eager in step, his eyes fixed, not too {hope fully far ahead, but always advancing, his courage unshaken, and 'his aims high." I There "was a four-column review- by Her bert Tourtel of Mastennam's "Tennyson as a Religious Teacher" jn the Sunday "Sun" of the 27tii ult., in which t3ie critic falls foul of Tennyson's contemptuous attitude towards our present life. Even, he says, "if we knew with absolute certainty t3jat death was the end of everytiiiflj:, there would still be the joy of living. He must be a aony cneature who cannot find life worth living for its own sake. There are waves of difficulty to be breasted, but these make life more si^endid, for the more, strenuous the struggle the greater the joy of victory. It is only a man who k wrap ped in 'his own self, who could say that were there no hereafter Be would feel in clined to terminate ius existence. Yet that seems to be Tennyson'?s attitude. Expres sions to this effect occur again and again in hie works. This is a typical instance:—. My own dim life should teach me this, That life shall live for evermore. Eke earth is darkness at -rue core, The dust and ashes aH that is. When then were God to such as- I? Twere {hardly worth my while 4? choose Of thinp? all mortal, or to use A iittle patience ere I die; Twere best ait once to eink to "peace, ?Like birds the charming serpent draws, To drop bead foremost in the jaws Of vacant darkness and to cease. Such ideas as tihese are tlie fruit of morbid introspection. They are thoughts of a man irfio holds himself aloof from his fel lows, and who bag failed to realise tbe ftrl) meaning ?>£ our imucdatie'existence as unite of humanity." Nevertheless, for Tenny son's religion as a whole, Mr. Tonrtel ex presses adtairing veneration. "What." be asks, "was Tennyson's rehgion? What is the message which he has for us who are -weary of thebacaiities of orthodox mediocri ties and unreasoning puppets? It is a re ligion, on the whole, strong, clear, and sin cere, free from bvpocrisy, the result of .the travail of his *?ul. It is a message which he las wrested' from oil the doubts which assail toe human spirit. It is a religion born of tdie strife of love with death, and a message meant for those who torture themselves with feans about the fathomless future." The "Personal Recollections" of the ye tcran Bohemian pressman, Sutherland Ed wards, are naturally full of good stories, but his narrative lacks sequence. He writes as though be were chatting, jumping from one subject to another wholly irrelevantly. Amongst his yarns is the alleged true ver sion of the quarrel between Dante Gab riel BosEetti and the then popular drama tist, Frank Marshall. The pair were dining at the house of a still-living drama tic critic. Bossetti feinted that Marshall had the opportunity oT some "very in teresting flirtations." "To the astonish ! merit of everyone, Marshall flew into a blind -rage, protested vehemently against! the scandalous imputation* cast upon hi? I moral cfauscter, mid fnrtyd by using tfaf I most opprobrious language. The host at once interfered, and requested Shrank Mar shall to Jeave the house. The indignant farce-writer, unable to enter into the spirit of a joke directed against himself, now dis appeared, leaving tlie company somewhat depressed. . . . Time went on, when suddenly a. knock was heard at the street door. Then a sen-ant came into the room sayinp, 'I'lease, ?r, Mr. Marshall -wishes me to tell you that his brougham is or dered for 11, and, as it is now only half past 10, he would be glad if you would lei him have a. chair outside on the pave nient.' " Solventur risu tabulae! and Mar shall was recalled. But another story about him seems to end less happily. At his own house the guests -were beguiling the wait for dinner by talking of nick namcTj:—"When Marshall, after ssayinjr bow wonderfully applicable some of the sobri quets were, added, 'I wonder no one evei gave me. a nickname.' 'Oh, but you have one!' said Captain Hawiey Smart. Now, trank Marshall had a somewhat cadaver ous look, with a. complexion suggestive of muffins. 'Have I? What is it?' asked tlie appreciator of appropriate nicknames. They all call you the Boiled Ghost,' said Hawiey Smart. 'Do they, indeed,' said Marshall, very bitterly. "1 have only one remark to make.' Reserving his observa tion, he rang the bell, and when the ser vjnt appeared, said in a stem voice, "Xo dinner to-day/ " As a musical critic Mr. Sutherland Edwards has naturally come in to contact with musicians and librettists Hans Yon Bulow, for example, a musician of extraordinary sensitiveness—"A curious instance of this was cited to me by Sir Alexander Mackenzie, who went one day with Bulow to hear a certain piece, which its composer tad expressed an ardent de sire to play to the great pianUt. Buloiv. listened, turned pale, then turned green— the music was revottingly commonp'lace and at last rushed out and vomited on the pavement." Mr. Gilbert, again, who if not a musician, has been the cause of music, can hardly be omitted from a volume ot memories, such as this:—"Mr. Beerbohm Iree was playing the part of lalstaff at the Haymarket, and the indispensable made him perspire profusely. Mr. Gilbert, who was in the theatre, went be hind tlie scenes to see the actor, who max well have expected to be congratulated or the excellence of his impersonation. -How well your skin acts!' said Mr. Gilbert." -Mane Coreili's -Boy" was sprung on a surprised world wioliy without advance ad vertisement, and, the '"vile, prejudiced press' Stave had once again to buy their ?""J. review copies. I parted with my sis shillings (lass discount) very sorrowfnllv. lhe title of Uie story suggested jiiissCorelli m uitra-sentimentai vein. Briefly de scribed, die tale relates the ruin of an es pecially lovable and attractive child fay a drunken father and a fiend of a mot-her. VVe meet "Boy"' first, a golden-haired and chubby infant, seated in his high.chair, and apostrophising -his inebriated cure as "'poo ang." We leave him a gallant soldier killed at 'Magersfon-lein. Between this beginning and end lies the "history of a melancholy degringolade. "Boy" has many friendsready lo help him, but hie fat, frowsy, and despe rately selfish mother euchres each and all with talk of her mot&er;'s right and (non existent) mother's love. Ihe portrait ni this 31re. D'Arcy 31uir is sufficiently point ed and clever to suggest a drawing from life, and the description of the days of "Boj-V chQdhood are also evidently "true. When he begins to grow up, however, Miss Corelli comes to melancholy grief. A faith nil, imaginative lad like "Boy 3' could never in- a few years have forgotten thofie wbom he had once passionately loved. To reach her denouement Miss Corelli regrettably al lows herself to be tempted into sensational ism. 1 feel sure, too, she meant -"Boy" to return to life and happiness via Violet Morrison. Slis death comes as a shock to everyone. The '?Sphere" publishes the following :sts of journalists who have suffered in the Boer war:— Mr. G. W. 6teevens, "Daily Mail," died at Ladysmith of fever. Mr. Mitchell, "(Standard," di?l at Lady smith of fever. Mr. E. G. Parslow, "Daily Chronicle," murdered at Mafeking. Mr. Alfred Ferrand, "Morning Post," killed at Ladysmith. Mr. E. Finlay Ksiight, "Morniiig Post," wounded at Bebnont; right arm ampu tated. Mr. Winston Churchill, "Morning Post," captured and escaped. Mr. Larobie, "Adelaide Advertiser,'* kil led at Rensbnrg. Mr. Hellawell, "Daily Mail," Mr. George Lynch, "Morning Herald," and Mr. Hales, "Daily News," captured. To -which must now be edded the names of Mir. John Stuart, of the "Morning Post." who has been captured, and Mr. Charles Hands, of lie "Daily Mail," who was seve rely -wounded in the advance on Mafrfcing. Mr. Lynch arrived in London last week. At Durban he was very ill for several weeks with enteric fever. I doubt myself whether you Trill find any of the many books on the war worth pur chasing. The bulk of them appeared in the English and Australian newspapers, and tit-bits therefrom have been freely copied in the colonial press. As a record to keep for reference we had better wait for some later work, written, in calmer mood, by a Lady Marjorie Gordon, the clever dangh ter of Lord Aberdeen, -who, for some years conducted a little paper called "Wee Willie Winkie," written by children for children, now figures in more pretentious prints. So far her articles have only appeared in American publications. Describing her Dominion, experiences, she says the Cana dians think nothing of travelling enormous distances —and even going to Europe—at a few hours' notice. It ts quite a common thing for Canadian girls to travel for 12 or 21 hours in order to attend a party, or theatre, or concert. "I know a girl," addi Lady Marjorie, "who travels- a hundred and thirty-two miles each way every week for her music lesson/ let ndbody overlook "The Ba£h Comedy," by Agnes and Egerton Castle, in Macmfl lan's Colonial Library. It is a rattling swry of King Lad's chy in nhe days when the Old Great Pump Room was the centtre of smart eociety, and the beaux settled even the smallest difference wish a. duel. It begins briskly and soon rises to boiling point, lady Standish, a seemingly meek dame, finding her newly-wed spouse cool ing, reaolvns on the ad-vioe of naughty bfft nice Mistress Beflairs to render him jealous. In this <borh ladies immediately prove alarmingly successful. Sir Jasper adores his wife, and die discovery of a. love letter containing a lock of auburn hair under her sofa drives (him crazy. He swears to "pink" every red-fcadred man in Bath, and begins by plucking the -wig off an elderly colonel and laying hands on a -tat bishop. A maze of duels, misunderstandings, plots, counierptots, and an elopement follow, in all of -which the mischievous Mistress Bel lairs pulls .the strings. Good as was " Tonne April," this tale is better. , ?New sixpenny reprints wortii noting are William Westall's well- known Lancashire noveL "The Old factory," and Frankfort Moore's Iwe9y "They Call It Love." I re member recommending the latter to you iwhen it first came out. Mr. Moore hadn't tiie name then he has now. That erstwhile famous magazine, "House hold Words," is now a very ricketty lite rary cockleshell of third-class padding and rubbishy fiction—such as the "young per son" of tie lower middle classes loveth. Instead of its conductors gloating over a jubilee achieved solely through the glamor of Dickens they should be groaning over the magazine's decadence. Look at the present contributors and then turn to the sketch of the history of "Household Words," which John Hollingshead con tributes to die current number. It was, as he says, to a great extent "a pioneer of the present magazine newspaper," and at tracted the work of soch writers as Sala, Mrs. Gaskdl, (Mr. Henry Morley, and Mr. Walter Thornbury. One thing is certain, in its present form "Household Words" will never see a diamond jubilee, let alone a ccnhiry. Pcaroon'6 is perhaps the most up-to-date of all the colonial libraries. Recent issues worth noting include Frankfort Moone's "Nell Owyn. Comedian," Mr. Lander's "A Legend of Eden," Miss Higgins's smartly written detective story "Lyona Grimwood, Spinster," and Harold Blore's "An. Im perial Light Horeeman." The first end last of these are above the average of the newspaper or magazine fiction, as which all ?were written. One could not get a habitable house or eet. of rooms in on apartment house any where near the centre' of New York for less than £300 a year, and even at that prioe it might not be a -rery nice one. The same apartments that in London would cost £300 a year could not be had in New York for tinder £750. A strange dock was made durmg&e; last cenrury for a French nobleman. T^he dial ?mas horizontal, and tie figures, being hol low, were filled with different sweats or spices. Thus, running Ibis linger along the \\\xnA, toy tasting the owner ?ould teft tie hour -wilbout a light. Professor Tesla, the great electrician, thanks that a man has just so many hours to be awake, and the fewer of these he uses up each day the more days wHI they last. He says, "I believe that a man might live 300 years if he wouM sleep most of tine time. The reason -why negroes live to such an. advanced age is because they dscp aomiub." 