A Protestant Protest. GREAT MhETEXO IX SYDNEY. ('By Tklkciiai'H.I SYDNEY, September 25. The Town Hall was filled to overflow ing last night an hourbefore the Protestant protest meeting commenced. Resolutions were carried condemning the action of the Governor and Mavor of Svduev for officially attending the celebration of high mass at St. Mary's Cathedral, protesting against Archbishop Redwood's published attack on Protestantism, and calling on the Roman Catholic authorities for a re: traction. It was decided to forward copies of the motions to the Governor, the Mayor, and the Secretary of State for the Colonies. The Hon. G. H. Reid, addressing the meeting, referred to Archbishop Red wood's statements as a vile calumny. The Minister for Public Instruction condemned the attack on Protestants. Several thousands were unable to gain admission, and an overflow meeting was held in Pitt street Congregational Church, where the same resolutions were passed. [The following is the full text of the passages that drew forth the protest : — ' Look not for s-.p.ictity iu those separate sects. I speiik nnr of iniliviilusi's, but of system*. The authors of Hi' -iro«l; scmmh, photius, In the ninth ceuturv, -.ui.l Jliulmel Ceritl;uiu3, iu 'he eleventh, had no' motive for tlx.-ir separation but blind ambi tion and ljht of jnw-.-r. The leaders au.-l founders of Protestantism -Luther, Calvin, Zwinglius, et:. — were notorious for thoir vices. Among the Greek schismatics the cIcm-xj' are budly trained for their aacreil fnuetion?, and live iu a mate of pitiful abjec tion an J contempt ; they receive little or no con sideration or respect from the people, and they neither spread mi- fulfil the Gospel teaching. Among Protestants, the most effectual means of hanctiflcation have disappeared ;. abstinence, fast ing mortification, confession, communion, etc., etc. Both t.be Greek Echism and Protestantism have rather obstructed than promoted true civilisation. The first has brousht despotism upon the East, tiie second covered Eur pe with ilood ant* ruins in the sixteenth century, and has ever since been the helper and instrument of the worst foes of Christianity. It desecrated the home, it polluted the nuptial bed, it lowered the dignity of woman hood, it devastated the s-c'joo!, and stopped the progress of science. In (inc. neither Protestauts nor Greek schismatics have sho.vn that the action of the Holy Ghost is with th- in. No examples of heroic virtues, no saint-; in iheir ranks at nil com parable to the martyrs and missionaries of the Catholic Church : and they have never been able to obtain the sanction of a m racle for their work and their doctrine. As a matter of fnct the words corn plained of, though they were contained in the manuscript of Archbishop Red wood's sermon, were not uttered in the Cathedral, but they were published by a section of the Press as if they had been actually delivered. Archbishop Redwood explained to a Sydney Press interviewer : 'The passages were entirely and purposely omitted in deference to the presence of the Governors. I was anxious not to introduce any controversiil matter on account of the mixed character of my audience. But they were included iu the discourse as I had originally written it, and as I would have delivered it to a purely Catholic audience in other circum stances. I did not think it necessary to take it out of the proof sheets which I handed to the Press. But, as I say, the words complained of were not uttered by me in the Cathedral —as is to be seen by the Daily Telegraph report.'] 