Decadence of Country Racing. In the olden days cf racing at Bourke, Brewarrina, Cunnamulla and even little fiarrigum, it was a difficult matter during 1 the race lime to get a bed — under a roof | —as the squatters, station managers, and overseers generally took the precaution to j order them all weeks beforehand, and : it was a very urgent matter indeed that kept them away fiorn their annual race | meeting, but now, I am told, the presence ' of the leading pastoralists is a rare thing indeed at the far western meetings — so much so, in fact, that it is probable at least one club (once a powerlul one) is seriously considering the advisability of giving up the ghost and leasing their race- 1 co irse and improvements to a large party I of squatters and homestead lessees, who ' are desirous of providing a bit of amateur sports for themselves without' the assist- I ance of the professional racing man or the I professional jockey. It is to such men as these that we look to improve the breed of horses, and if ihey interest .themselves, in the raring of horses they .will naturally interest themselves in the breeding of that useful animal. As before remarked, it is Slllv to asseit that the snortincr snirit. for which the. previous generation of sheep and cattle kings were famous, has died out. It is as strong as ever, and the picnickers prove that. The decadence of country, racing is due to careless manage ment and the withdrawal of the tnan of money and influence, who would rather do without racing than bring himself on a level wilh the bread and cheese sportsman and his friends the jockey and the betting steward. At picnic rnces ho gets his ' I sport among his own friends, brings his wife and daughters .10 see the fun, and goes in for a good time generally.- If lie puts his sovereign on a horse lie gets a run \-- for it, and has not to worry around lo find out if " so and so has got a punter," or whether " what's-his-name is in lite bag," and so forth. It cannot be expect ed that he can travel the country leirning the tricks of the trade in order to hold his own on a racecourse. He must look after his flocks and herds : therefore, like a sensible man he'leaves the business to those who understand it. and eels his sport his own way.- -Mail 