Children's Sunday. By Rev. R. Culley. There is, happily, no need at the present day to remind our Sunday School officers and teachers that the third Sunday in October is Universal Prayer Day for our Sunday Schools and young people. The day has for many years past been regarded as very special in our Sunday School year. The blessedness of the day in hundreds of schools has been so rich that it has fixed the date for ever in the minds and hearts of tens of thousands. Our Methodist schools have not been one whit behind any schools in connection with the Evangelical Free Churches in their efforts to make the day in the best sense of the term — Evangelistic. We have always dis countenanced the idea of united services for our schools. The true objects of the day are infinitely better secured in services confined to the pastors, teachers, and scholars connected with their own organization. Massing children and young people together for so-called united services leads to distraotion, excitement, and unsettlernent. The more calm and quiet the services in each school the better ; and the work is thereby calculated to be all the more deep and abiding. It is well in preliminary meetings' to arouse the attention of the churches : and gath(-r together the adult workers and senior scholars for prayer, but the work of the day itself should be confined to the school and church with which the school is connected. We should strongly advise this — as the best method for any church — whether Baptist, Con gregational, or Methodist. Nothing is more likely to defeat the object we all have in view, than the excitement con sequent upon massing together in one huge building hundreds of scholars from various 'schools. Children. 1\. In dealing with children under twelve years of age care should be taken by all teachers and others who give brief addresses not to assume that they are speaking to boys and girls who have wilfully turned their backs on Christ. Vast numbers of our younger children, even if they have not definitely decided for Christ, have not wilfully turned away from Him. And . to address these children as if they had made ' the great refusal' is a cruel wrong to them. Let us recognise how near the kingdom of God they are — how few have been their years of responsibility, and how gently they should be reasoned with. The Gracious Spirit of God will show them their need of Christ, and how sad is their condition by nature. It is wonderful how the Spirit of God strives with our children. Let us recognise it. How little do ministers, parents, and teachers realise how deeply and urgently the Holy Spirit works upon the con science and heart of our children. Children, in the mass, are not rejectors of Christ ; some of them are hardened and wilful, as not a few of their teachers could testify. They are bad enough in all conscience. All children need the conscious renewal of the Holy Spirit. Many of them, far greater numbers of them than we think, have received it. Let us pray and labour that all may come to experience it ; but let us wisely and tenderly discriminate, that we may win all, and not discourage one. On the seventh birthday of his little daughter, one of our ministers, well known to us, for he told us the fact with his own lips, when the dear child came down in the morning for her breakfast, had a little birthday present for her ; and as he kissed his child and gave her the little token of love, he said, ' Seventh birthday, my child, is it not time that you came to Jesus?' And the child answered instantly, ' Father, I did not know I had ever left him.' Are there not many such ? 0 that there were more Senior Scholars. ?2. Senior scholars should be dealt with separately. It is well to open the school with all scholars present, but in large schools where there are scores and even hundreds of young men and women, all the younger scholars, children, should be drawn off, or, better still, the seniors should be in a room to themselves, or in the chapel. We know how difficult, owing to want of space, and suitable accomodation, this is. But it i3 impossible to deal appropriately with elder scholars in the presence of a mass of yonng children. Few persons know how sensative elder lads are, how shy and awkward they feel, and how they try to conceal and choke up every sign of emotion. They feel deeply, more than we can imagine, and yet in the presence of boys and girls a few years younger than themselves, rather than betray emotion, they will walk away. Nothing is more desirable than the complete isolation of the senior scholars from the younger ones. It is better for the younger ones, because they can be more suitably dealt with if by themselves; but in the case of the seniors the gain is unspeakable. Their years of respon sibility can be recognised, their peculiar dangers dealt with, iu terms not at all fitted for younger children. Appeals can be so much more definite, and reasons given for immediate decision for Christ, based upon the period of life to which they have corno, with respon sible life entered upon, that cannot be used in the same way for little children. Besides, how many such days they have seen. How glad some of them have been when the day was over ; how many of them are further from virtue and Christ than they were a few years ago. How many have become entangled in evil ; how many are forging fetters of evil habits, though they come to Sunday School. How many are on the brink of ruin through drink, gambling, and licentiousness, if not already ensnared. In a few short weeks, if no real decision is come to, whither will they be drifting to ? Let us warn them, entreat them, persuade them to give up evil habits, evil companionships, and evil wavs, and turn to the Lord. A few moments of thought will bring to our miuds the ground of argument and appeal when dealing with the thousands and tens of thousands of young men and women. Fellow teachers, let us gird ourselves with whole armour of God ; let us be strengthened with the Spirit's might ; let us fortify ourselves with the promised might of the Holy Ghost, and our appeals will not be in vain. The Lord God of Israel is with us, as He was with our fathers. — The Wesleyan Sunday School Magazine. 