\m WOBLtettBAT W (BY E. PHILLIES .^PP^NHEIM.) , ; ? linthor of 'Mysterious. Mj^^Jijl'.V- ' As a Man I1* uvea.' 'A Daughter of ^he'-fctaHonls,' etc- CHAPTER XIL-HQontinuea).: I i.(jet on,' said one of «ie -men1 impatiently, [«i^e want to know the ftid?'-^ '?? I ste-n blinked rapidly oijee. jpir twice, and [continued. ' . .''.';'. 7w-V' '*? .'' I -Well, he got talking agaiti .soon, and after gearing at her something?; awful, he told me something which .scared;, me. His Nvife ^as here; had followed Mm from San jftanciseo, he said. She was tap in yonder gbanty with a chap he called .the; Britisher,' ge pointed to Bryan's :shaiuj, high Over Heir heads, with quivering finger.' A little chorus of exclamations ensued. ..'.:,' ; «If the man you call the Britisher camped up there!' ?- -?:::?:. I 'How long has she been there, anyway?' 'Reckon that's why that crafty Britisher built liis ehanty so far away' from the rest of US!' ??'?:-''.:',i;1,/ 'Guess he thought us ehaps: weren't quite the sort for ladies' society!' ? ..-,;-. :. '?Go on, anyway.' ..- ., ? . 'Ay, go on!' Skein half closed his eyes atrdcontinued: ? If the man you call the Britisher camped up H there expecting her, Jim camped opposite for H the same reason.. He was'on te watch. But H yon know Jim's little weakness. ' ? He would ? ^rink. He was half drnnk %l\ lakt n ght. and ? rwasn't up to taking all he ;. s&kj; in downright H earnest. And so we lay there with the door Bwide open. I don't know what time it was, H but I was woke up in the nighfrwitii a revolver ? shot which seemed to be almost' in my ear. H i jumped up quick as lightning, j- Jim was ly H ing on his side groaning, and the 'baily. place H was full of smoke, and just inside the door a H woman was standing, with big dark eyes, and H a smoking revolver in her hand. : T went for H iier, and she hit me across the face with the H revolver. I guess she hadn't a shot left, or I H should have had^L Then she turned, and H jkimmed away like a deer. I followed her ? blindly, and then seemed for a moment as I though I were treading on air, and over that I & — d chasm I went. She must have led I me there on purpose. I lay there for an hour I or two before I could move. ' Then. I elamber ? ed up to the shanty and peeped in. .'. Jim was I ljing there as dead as a door-hail, and I be ? lieve by the hang of his coat his 'pocket' had H been cut out. I was just going .in when I B heard the door of the opposite stianfy open and I bang to. I don't mind admitting;' ^idatcS,' he ] I wound up, glancing round, 'that I boLed. I : I couldn't have tackled the .Englishman and the ? girl alone if they had set -m'M& mef and I ? thought— well, I'll hocik it down and tell the ? I chaps. They'll know what./tp ^o.;about it j I So, down I came.' ' l '' '' ' '' ' I ? There was a short silence, and a general.de I sire to get a good view of tie man. to whose ! ? story they had been listening. ' *They ^crowded ? round him, and looked over one[ ^another's ? shoulders. He sat there blinking iip at them, I a sufficiently-miserable looking ?', object. He ? ,had been roughly treated, there was no doubt ? about that. -.- :.r. ,. - ? Dan Cooper, who was in the front rank, was I the first to speak. . ' ??-':-: '-?' ; ? '-This is an awkward story of ; yours,' mate,' ? le said. 'I guess you're willing intake your ? da vy on it ??' , ' ? i ' '. ? 'I'll swear to every word of if,'^Skein de I dared, lifting up a skinny little. hand^, 'it's the ? bally truth!' ....-- ?../.;? I 'All right. Now, boys,' ; continued Dan, ? tnrning round, 'what I propose is this: that I .we draw lots, and say eix of us'gbes and looks ? into this. How's that?' '?/ ??'- 'i!i~ MTKete was .a hoarse murmur b£, assent A B&eet; of paper was produced liy 6nijjpf-jthe men I ^ft sal torn into slender strips. ...giXjpsjeces were H minted with a cross; the remainder were ^?ilfflk. Dan Cooper alone did/notidraw. By ? universal consent, he had been called upon to ? boss the thing. ':' -.,.-.?,- -u:!^ * H 'I'm waiting, mates!' he announced.' 'But ? just remember this. There ' airi^to be no ? whimpering and grumbling afterwards. ? They'll be seven of us go. ^i^:t'four of us ? «ay and holds on to, is the gostteliiaw of the ? Bine River Valley. Is that ' so;?' ' '!...', I There was a chorus of assent ^ .ban Cooper ? nodded, shook up. the papers wh£-3i he had ? been collecting, and distributed them. One I by one the men who had drawn a «ross step ? ped out silently from the others; ancl ranged I themselves aside. When the Qfawing was I done, their leader addressed' tjl^m'jbriefly. I 'Now, then, chaps,' lie said, ^iyou want ? first of all to look to your shooting irons. If : ? we've got to get the girl, the 'Britisher may j ? cut up rough, and he ain't' exactly an infant ? I'll allow I ain't seen him fehoyt'Lliut- he's as I strong as they make 'em, aijicl it M fkels like ? it, he:d fight if there was Msnij^vs. All ? prepared, are you? Well, igitV,*hen.' I The seven men filed elowly ?: up; the gorge; ? seven hard resolute-looking men, to whom the ? life of a human being was- -as light a th ng as I the leaves which fluttered down from the trees I on to their heads. Up in the dear, blue sky I above them a lark had suddenly soared up, I pouring out a glad little song to the sunlight air. And down b.elow Skein sat still on his; stone, with his head between his hands, fight ing with the hideous fear jvMchi seemed to. be stamped upon his white, blanched face. Up in the sky, away in the bosom of the dark woods, further still on the slopes of the enow-capped Sierraa, down on the sandy ground beneath his feet, where a blue harebell waved to and froJ In'the breeze; wherever he looked he 'saw the sSme ghastly sight. A man lying on his side with his hand clasped to his breast, and the blood oozing through his- fingers; and dripping on to the, floor. ILook at hisfaqe; lips parted in an awful curse, the eyes glaring, wfii;e with ! the red fire of a consuming h§trefi' Oh hffw haa ! lie dared to do it? H6w had'HeSireif^do if^ Ah, what was that? It was' only 'the111 soft breeze playing amongst the ^tree-tops, the sweet- music of a summer morning.'- 1aTj/Why had it sounded to him like a shrlekgof honor from blanched lips? Was he to be ^tormented with this for ever? Were the simpiestfsDunds and the sweetest sights ever to' 'wring' his heart with these awful memories? Was this, indeed, the Judgment of God? CHAPTER XIII.— A JURY OF SB'|pEN. The Englishman and the girl were alone in the shanty. The echoes of his horrified words had scarcely died away. Murdered! Shot! Bryan was dazed. He was not a man of j particularly swift perceptions. . and +he shock of the thing was great. ; He stooped down and felt the prostrate man's heart. Then he glanced at the wound, and in doing so noticed the disarrangement of tli° i ccat. 'The man has been robbed,' he said, looking up quickly. 'Who did it?' She looked half fearfully around her. 'No one robbed him,' she answered. 'I cut his coat open. We were alone afterwards. ? He told me to. He gave me some.hing.' 'Who shot him?' ''The stranger; the little man with the squint, who came on a mule yesterday morn ing. I told you about him.' 'And what on earth were you doing here?' he asked. ; 'I— I scarcely know,' she faltered. 'I was excited by what you told me yesterday, by the thought that this man might be ihe man for whom you were searching. I could not sleep for thinking of it, so I put on my clothes and crept out. I wanted to get here and look in. | If his coat had been lying where I could have ! got at it, I think I might have tried to steal that paper. It was for you, Bryan. You are not angry with me. dear?' 'Tell me what you saw.' he answered, keeping his eyes fixed upon her. Somehow j his look qhilled her. She wondered at it; in a vague sort of way she resented it 'It was very dark,' she began. 'I was able to get quite close to the shanty. When I was ! a few yards away, I saw that there was still -i a light, and I heard voices. I stayed beh:nd j a bush, and it was a long time before I dared ? go any nearer. I just wanted to see who it j was with him, and then I was coming away. At last I did see. It was the stranger. He and Jim were nearly drunk, most quite. 1 1 couldn't hear much what they were saying, but I made out that they had gone pards in Jim's claim. I was just com!ng-away when I heard Jim begin to talk about some secret '?? that was worth a fortune to him. The mcon j was out now, and I could see the strauger's j face. He was listening to every word Jim ; said, with his eyes gleaming and the strangest expression on his face. He whispered some thing to Jim, and Jim looked real mad. Just then an idea flashed into my mind. This j stranger knew all about the secret of Jim's. He had come to try and steal the papers, or get some more information. I remembered how odd he had seemed . in the morning. ' He i knew nothing about mining. I wondered then ! what he had come for. I felt kind of frighten- j ed at the thought, and took a step forward. | They must have heard me. I saw Jim hand I the stranger his revolver; Jim seemed to be too j drunk to shoot himself. The stranger came \ to the door, and then suddenly turned round. I heard Jim cry out, and then there was a shot I rushed to the door. Jim was on his back, and the stranger was staggering away from him. Jim had hit him, I guess, and then j he saw me, and called out. The stranger was j scared to death. He looked at me as though I were a ghost, and then he rushed past me, and I believe he fell over the gorge.' Bryan stepped backwards and walked to the edge of the chasm which fronted the ehanty. He looked over the side, and clambered down a few yards. Then he came back again. v 'There is no one there now,' he said, briefly. 'Go on.' (To be continued.) 