TIlE I I 1.SR.i), COAT. My n:nne. i:i Frederick Putnam. I a:re' hein tihe last 10 years foreman and bookkeelpsr of the lumbering establish ueut of Willianm Winston & Co. Mr. Win.-t on i i.i ti-esidenIt partner ard man ager of tahi bllsiness. Tile other linelmi bt-rs cf ithe' trla live in the city and at. tenid I) t:he sl:es of lumber which we end to ithem by ves.-el. - One co!l l-.vening as I was prepar.ng for horme I ieard f:ootsteps outside, and t-prse:itly a t.:'l, stout, well dressed man :.-i!tl a smiall traveling bag in one hand :,d at siav. i 'ra r his arm entered the oter. I W ::alone. I had already put an lmy o'cerco:,t and wan turning down thim light. "Good evnti:;g." said the man, walk ;ng up to thie s; ver ndkicking the dunpll ar oipen wit:h h:is foot. "Has Winston -ione to thei holn.s?" I answered tiat lie had. "Whllew! I v.::s itfraid of it." IL, ]rew out his v.: tch. "'I shaill not hlave time to go up." lie said. "-The trail is due in 15 intiuntes." "Is there Eaicythii;g l1 -n do": I asked. "I' wanlted to leave 0ome lltiOtL y with Winsirlin. I i:ntenlded o stop in town a lay or two. hunt I have just got a dis .21- th r..t i:ta:.3 I;' h:O te." "' a:lt Ilalet, sir?" "Ani'dlrsoi. of Aldersonvi!le." I knew hi:, th:en, though I had secen li:I but once before. Hie haid o:c:l oar of our hbet westerln cuistolllers. I slay had l been fir ihe reason that during tht last year lis.p:yltaents hail not been so prompt. In fact. lie was considcer.'ably behind,. and .Mr. Winston hadl that ver" lay told me to waite to him and "lunel:ch :iii ntp a little," as lie expressed it. The ":elter was then in the breast pocket of -y- overccnt. ....".Yon:can leae- t lid r-'Tii Tfilf;tri;'titf- m air: I will live you it receipt." I si. IIe seemed to hesitate, which nettled tie. I never blamed anybody since however. "How. !pucli is my bill?" lIe asked, ey ing mle sharply. "Eleven1 thitusnaud sEvrell hundred and fifty dollars enld twenty-three cents," I answered proniptly, for I had struck tihe halance pot mojo than half atu hour lie ,ore. "Huluphli I .:sY than I su!po:Ced. Writt me out a: receipt for that ltl!tount." lie-left the stove and came and looked over nmy shoulder while I wrote. "It is all right. air. Putnam. I know you now. You've been with Winston a long time. I can tell your signature any where."' Ile tirew front !p! in:iido pocket a wal let an-d cpm;t:tilg tiut 1!] iles of bank. notes he told me tq cointl theml. It was a-short and easy task. for each pile con ttined just 100 bills. TI'he ialanc wtas in fives and twenties. At this moment we hearl the whistle from the station. Anderson sprang fot his traveling bag, and giving me a hasty handshake was off. " I closed the door and counted the money again. Finding it right, I wrafited a piece of newspaper around it and slipped it into my overcoat" pot ket. I did- not feel easy to have ec much money about ie,. but as Mr. Win. septn: liorse was nt lealst i' 1iiil dist:ant I cpnpluded tp it.ce it putil 'morning. wileli) i guld deposit it hit ?h 1btalt. I drpt opil i 5lg!p.tyg, ftito thie pffce key frpnu the paii! qove tile door" and wfilkei 'over tq extirt.gislt the light. As l did! so I raw on the floor the reecipt I erote forlMr. Atndersou. lHohad dropped it in his hurry. 1 lint it in my lpockel and thought no more about it, only that I would mail it to hinm. I would have done it then, but as the last mail for that 40y had gone il tiht traiq whtlcli ook lIr. Anderson -copuld do It j?sat as well fp tle'i?o'rning. Thlil,' too,- I. was in something.of i hlirry that night, for I and ati aplpointment with a young.pOm. il whoom { hoped wotliq ?.l uy' wile bt alip emany inottlit. 7 Iflstened to 'my-boarting haouse atei lny supper, and the .vent o 'er tl t he bhme Of-lpy intendeq bide, wearing the coat with the tnpney in it, as I 'did not feel easy about leaving it ii my room. Carrie ?Ias at home, lnt leaving g.y epat tt? bhat in the ball, I went into the par: 19r, At 10. o'clook when I prepared to leave, Carrie went into the hall for my coat and hat that I might put them on by the fire, but she came back with only .my hat. "Wliy, Fred," hote exclaimed, "you' certainly did not vonture out such a. night as this without an overcoat?'., S"No coatl" I cried in a dazed way, for the thought of the .?oney fias'oed" upor i: so b:suddenly that it almhost stui~n'i me: The next niomedtit tore piSt',`i .likenj; ang as i yvtq. te coat was whtnel i 'is pnnsiyeL?;f. l gga c d at the stair rail and caught i: g s l il time. to support mysg?f.- 'arrie. came iunning out, her face pale with alarm. "Oh, Fred, are you0 ill? Let me call mother and the doctorl You are as white as a sheet." "No, no, Carrie!" I entreated. "gt'ero, I am better nup?' And I was better. I was strong all at once-desperately strong. And what brought about this change? That simple receipt which I lihnd in my poclket. An deraon had nothing to show tltat tlre money had bceen p:id, and was not my unaided word as good as his? I was foolish enough to believe that I could brave it through, and I grew confident aud quite easy at cllce, "There, Carrie," I said quietly, "I am much better now. The room was too warm, I guess. So somen sneaking thief aas dodged in and stolenmy coat? Well, !et it go. It was an old one, and n ll hvoe beItter one," ...... . ....--, ----.=.. -"-'r. " - __- ,.::.'? ."But you mnst not go out without aji. overcoat," tho dear girl answered, "an6 If you will wait just a moment wi llget you one of father's coats to wear home." She did so, and I started for hopme. You may guess tlhit my slumber that night was not sound nor refreshing. I never passed a more inierable night. "Why. Fred, you look as though you met a legion of ghosts last night," said. Mr. Winston as he came into the office the next morning. "What is the mat-, ter?' "I did not sleep well," I answered4 with a smile. "By the way," continued my employ. yr, "did you write to Anderson as I re uested?" I do not know how I maniaged to re ply, for the question set me shivering from head to foot, and I was so weak that I could scarcely sit in my chair. I imust have answered in the aflirmative, however, for lihe said: "Then we itay look for something from him tomorrow oy next day." Irm mediately afterward lie added: "Why, Fred, you shiver as though you had the ague, and you are sweating like a butch er1 You're ill,maunl Come, jump into my trap, and I'll take you home." I was glad of the chance to get away, and on reaching home I locked myself in. Ah, those were terrible hours I passed, and night brought no relief. -Can you guess what I was meditating? Cow ard that I was, Ihi'ad.resolved on self deo struction. Ibiegin rjiy preparation with .the-me.calhsie- s and deliberation thai I would-have used'ini fhe nnstE?5u--Sr• transaction. I wrote a short explan tion to Carrie, another for Mr. Winston. a third for my mother. In a fourth en relope I inclosed the receipt to lMr. An derson.. All this accomplished, I went to' my wardrobe and took out moy re volver. Having examined the cartridges-to make sure there would be no failurq, I sat down before the fire and placed the pistol against my forehead. In another second I should have been lifeless, buat just as my finger began to press the trig ger there was a tap on my door. it startled me, and easily concealing my weapon I called out that I could admit no one. "Not me, Fred?" I knew Carrie's voice, and a yearning to look once again into lier loved face nmastered me. Quietly slipping the tell tale letters which I had left on the table into my pocket, I opened the door. "Oh, Fred, you are really ill!".e : claimed Carrie the moment the light fell on my face. "Why did you not send for me? Aren't you better?" "Worse," I answered huskily. "But, Carrie-good. heavens!" As I uttered this exclamatlon I started back and then fp.rard, for hanging across Carrie's arm was my overcoat. Recovering from miy notonislnent, I drew from the pocket $11,750.2:. You have heard about the singular capers of a madman or .the wild antics of those crazed with rum, hut judging from what Cnarri told me and from the appearance of my apartment after it was over I am led to believe that I was far more grotesque. Then 1 asked for an exphlnation. It wIa t?mo simplest thing iqhaginable. Ide gnot know why I had not thought of it beforp. It was simply 4 blulnder of.Car Fie'g fitiler. He had mistaken my coat for his own and had worn it down ,town. never thinking that a fortune was ly-::lg ii, the pocket. - I sent Mr. Anderson his re ceipt, handed the money to Mr. Winston and went on with my duties a wiser and. I hope, a betterman.--Thmonias G. Mitch ell in Drake's Magazine. 