EERIE CHOST LEGENDS. Near tbe Fortou Barracks, Gosporc, tbe head quarters of tbe Koysl Marine Light Infantry, lies an interesting memento of the old Frtuch War.n iralled-in space where lie buried countless prisoners who died durmg ciptivity. Most of the craves are nameless mounds, but tbere are three headstones. The inscriptions upon these ire nearly undecipherable ; cne bears tbe nine of Eugene ? (the remainder caunot be read). This spot in sacred, no one ever enters it ; but alougaide, in a smaller walled space, conriets wars buried, and tbis is utilised as a practice ground for buglers, for here is tbe most outof way corner obtainable for practice, and dia bolical are tbe aoises that tbe learners mike. A hundred years is a long time ; it is interest ing, therefore, to note tbe respect still paid te tbe graves of brave Frenchmen in a place where space is very valuable. All sorts of leiendi crowd around tbii lonely spot. It is, ef course, haunted ; and in the old days, no sentry thete would keep at bis post at midnight. Flogging as a preventive of tbe terror was useless, aud eventually tbe se-ntries had to be doubled. Nowadays tbe ghost is seldom seen, and even wben it appears no two accounts agree u le what its furm may be. Its latestautbenticated appearance »a« at the time of the last fenian scar*, about fifteen years ago, when a guard was established to look after tbe magazine hard by, and the sentries bad orders to shoot any one who did not halt at the chal lenje. It was on n winter evening, deep snow upon the ground, and all bad gone well till after midnight. Then suddenly, tbere came a sentry's challenge nod almost immediately a report of a rifle, followed shortly by another. The guard turned out, racing hitter and thither iu the snow, raising a hue and cry first in this direc tion, tben in that. At last thiugs settled dowu, and when the captain of tbe guard inrestigat:d the matter, be learned from tbe sentry that a large black ' Thing ' had jumped over tbe graveyard wall and run at him en all fears when tie cfaalty(«d. H« fired, whereupon tbe ' Thing ' rose to its. feet, and running sometimes on ill fours, sometimes up right, rusbed toward* the creek followed by tbe sentry and tbe guard. Arrived at the creek it plunged in, breakiog tbe ice, and though tbe punuers waited loug nothing was ever seeu »f it again. Tbe captain, but half believing tbe story, yet thinking that some attempt may have been made, went and looked for traces of the footsteps, wbich «ere tjsible enough in tte moonligLt. And now comes tbe extraordinary part of the story. For twenty yards there would be ? man's foetpiints, then, far a -pice, those of a large mimal ; sometimes tbe one, sometimes tbe other, but never tbe two together! — ..:' . jj^. Thus tbe Fortoa mystery. Tbe ice was broken tud tbeeieck dragged tbe next day, but nothing was ever found. No satisfactory solu tion has ever been discovered, for the footprint* began suddeoly in the centre of the old burial ground, and led thence to the magtzise, some times man and sometimes bewt, until they ended on the shsre of the creek. Tbere are other ghost stories bangiig around this spot, bnt they are mostly gruesome and bonible, rather than interesting. One, how evei. is worthy of mention since it has a path etic tenderness abcut it, not usual in tbe ghost story, though it is oulv remembered uowadays by ' five badgers ' after the second gallon. Once, luug ag-, ttie two Gentries were surprised to see a wuruan coming toward tbem in the tftiligbr. it eeemed early for a ghost, and wlile they still pondered and hesitated sbe came: up to them aad paid something in a foreign tongue. Spaoisb, they took it to be. They tried to explain that they did not speak her languagr, but the only smiled sweetly aud sadly, and walked on. They lost her in tbe gloaming, but presently as they argued whether or n» she weie a ghost, one of them, the bolder of tbe two, peeped over tbe wall into tbe burial ground, and saw ber standing over ene of the graves. And beside her stood a French officer inuniform^o near that they could see his face, and they saw him kiss the womao as she came to him, and they beard him speaking wards of lore. Tbereupou. the other sentry, ivbo was mot a sentimental man, plucked up courage, and looking over the wail, too, shouted sot same coarse joke ; and » itb tbe shouting both the officer and tbe lady vanished. Thereupon be fired, and both of them ran for it, merttuag tbe guard before they had gone many steps, and the sergeant of tbe guard, com ing back with them, looked over tbe wall too. No one wan visible, but on one of the graves were some tall white floweia that bad not been there before. They dared not go neirer tben ; but in the davligbt they went to look closer ; the. flower* bad vanished ; and all that they ever fennd was a soiled piece of paper on wbicb was written, ' Jusqn' a la morte— et aftres.' However, ghosts are never seen nowadays ; and they nay that tbe bujilere and tile videos rattie of tbe Maiim bare driven tbem sway. 