SWAPPING OLD STAIRS." .ta WAI/TKR BESAHT, 'who is nei tetter -worth reading than when ia discoursing of London localiti mw been bringing his curious a minute topographical knowledge hear upon the riverside suburb Wapping for the benefit of readi of "The Century Magazine. I survey, -with its nnmerons il Inst: fions, extends downwards to Blac .-?rall, and covers a district in whi lew persons perhaps wonld exp« to find matter of absorbing i terest. Tet Wapping haß a histoi and has still remaining many lac marks and relics of old times, has even, as we are reminded, poetical associations, for who dc not know Charlea Dibdin's popnl twig: Toar Folly hu never been talca, ehe deelai frair the but time we parted at Wapping C Stain. Bo, indeed, the linea are general 2noted ; but there waa once a ca tona curmudgeon who complain that the lady's protestation w equivocal and evasive, because " tl mt time" might for aught tb appears have been very recent, ai the guarded limitation has a HE picious air of hinting at an ant . cèdent period when a trifle or so faithlessness could not be denie It may be for thia reason that 6 Walter' prefers the amended rea tags Tear Folly baa never been fatthlett, . ?wean, ??toe last year we parted at Wapping C Stairs. Bat possibly thia is the true ai original version, in which ease o thanks are due to the " Century' contributor for restoring a corm text Sir Walter endeavors to recall ssa the life of this spot when th Mfjtorical landing-place of our Jae lars waa noisy and full of life, ar Folly herself had plenty of repart* in reply to the gentle badinage < the young watermen. The stairs, seems, have not vanished, thong they are now old and rickety ac .aient-a boat or two, mostly wit] emt anyone in them, lying deapon« sntly beside the oozy steps, or in tl mad at low tide. Adjacent is tl locality which still bears the lugul lions name of "Execution Dock It dates back to the time whe Wapping was simply -a désolai tract of marsh land under that hig tiver bank or wall extending awa to the Nore, and even further, c . the history of which even th learned can tell tts but little. A tar back at least as Tudor times j was customary to hang pirates an other malefactors, for offence committed . on the water, a tilia , dismal point, leaving thei bodies jj rot in chains 01 gibbets h touted by kites am .vows. Th >y were hanged, we ar told, at low tide, on the foreshore said were kept hanging till thro Ugh tides had flowed over thei: bodies. Apropos of this practice. Si Walter relates a story which illus tfates in a striking way the lawless ^ ness of those times : "BAVED FROM THE GALLOWS. "Among the many hangings a thia doleful spot is one which ii more remarkable than the others It waa conducted up to a certaii . point with the usual formalities. Th« prisoner was conveyed to the spo in a cart beside bis own coffin while the ordinary Bat beside hin: mid exhorted him. The prisonei also wore the customary white night-cap, and carried a prayer-booi in one hand, while a nosegay WSE .tack in his bosom. He preserved . stolid indifference to the exhorta- tions. He did not change color , when the cart arrived at the head of the stairs ; but it was remembered afterward that he glanced round him Sickly aa if expecting something, ey cirri «sd him to the fatal boam, and they hanged him up. Now, if Ca come to think of it, as the spot i to be approached by a narrow lane and by a narrow flight of steps, while the gallows stood in the mud of the foreshore, the number of con- stables on guard could not have been many. On this occasion, no sooner waa the man turned off than a boat's company of sailors, armed with bludgeons, appeared most unex- pectedly, rushed upon the con- stables, and knocked down the hang man, hustled the chaplain, over- threw the sheriff's officers, cut down the man, carried him off, threw him into a boat, and were away in mid- stream, going down swiftly with £he current, before the officers guiders iood what was going on. 44 Wh?n they picked themselves up they gazed stupidly at the gallows '*wUn. *ne roDe Bt"1 dangling. Where srss the m*?n ? was in *ne Doafc» and the boat waa already a good way down the river, and, by that kind of accident which Often hap- pened at that time, when the pr ' rangements of the executive were npaet there was not a Bingle wherry within sight or within hail. «Then the ordinary closed bia book and pulled his cassock straight, the hangman sadly removed the rope, the constables looked after the vanishing boat, and there was nothing to be done but just to return home again. As for the man, that hanging was never completed, and those rescuers were never dis- covered.1' . ; ' It was in the reign of Elizabeth that people were first encouraged to ?ettie hereabouts, in order that, by building houses on and close to the riverbank or wall, thiB important barrier against innundations might be strengthened and maintained. , In 1671, when the church of the adjacent hamlet of Shadwell was built, this was already a place with a- considerable population. Rat- cliffe, which is also within the writer's limits, but has fewer relics of the past to attract the visitor's attention, but is not wanting in historical memories. Ratcliffe high- way has not, it is'true, gathered agreeable associations, but there are Interesting stories to tell about ita neigborhood. It had a haunted house, of which we have the f ollow . lng account: "HOW THE GHOST WAS LAID; "There is still another story, the scene of which ia laid at Ratcliffe, The house beside the chnrch is nov) the vicarage. It ia a square, solid house, built about the end of the seventeenth century. It is remark' able for a dining-room, the walls oi which are painted with Italian land- scapes. The story is that there lived here early in the eighteenth century a merchant who rodé into London every day, leaving his only daugh- ter behind. He desired to decorate his house with wall paintings, and engaged a young Italian to stay in tho house and to paint all day. Presently he made a not unusual discovery-that the Italian and his daughter had fallen in love with each other. He knew what waa due to his position as a city mer- chant, and. as might have been ex- pected, he rose with dignity to the occasion. That ia to say, he ordered the young man to get out of the house within' half an hour. The young man obeyed, so far as to mount the stairs to his own room. Here, however, he stopped,' and when the angry parent climbed the stairs after the expiration of the half hour to know why he was not gone, he found the young lover dead, hanging to < the canopy of the bed. His ghost was long believed to haunt the house, and was only finally laid, after troops of servants had fled shrieking, when the wife of the vicar sat np all night by her- self in the haunted chamber, and testified that she had neither seen nor heard anything, and was quite willing to sleep in the room. That ' disgusted the ghost, who then went away of his own accord. I wish I could show you one room in the house. It was the old * powdering room.' " Stories and bits of life relating to Limehouse and Blackwall bring to a close this interesting sketch of an almost-forgotten. suburb of our vaat city.-Daily News. " 