THE COBNEB HOUSE, \ COMPLETE lit mis ISSUE. 1 3jy WILLIAM LE QUEUX, Author o£ " "Whoso liindcth 'a Wife," 44 Scribes und Phurwees," " The Bond of BiucV 11 1Tho l)tiy of 'temlitotioii/ Sinners Entioo Thee," &c.; COPYBIOHBi a MJpaM| X zrr. >>1 (SgAJr from one sut rTH' wffir 7<mi$ .f gings to un- nlher by tlio law of gravi- v, a t.i o n. When a man is single lie Hints it mi s' n n tugc»us I n ill i) v e fro in o n p ! lodging I o UnoliitTi', for bv so tlltlllLf he escapes that rapaoiousncss bred of famili arity wliicb is one of the most striking cliar- aetel'isties of the Cockney landlady. I speak from experience, for I myself lunl given up possession of countless latch-keys, and lunl run the whole gulnut of lodging- hotise delights, when I at last found myself thn occupant of a very eonifortablo drawing- room floor at the lower end of Cower Stiver. Contented T certainly was. In Hie ten years duriiig which I had digged it ill Lon don lodgings T had never been so satisfied, nor had any of my previous landladies shown mo such marked 'attention. I luul two fel low- lodgers, whom 1 seldom saw during tlio first few weeks, for they were journalists engaged upon olio of file daily newspapers down in Fleet .Street, and therefore absent 11,11 night, while mv own duties ns clerk at tho Hnlboru branch of Iho London nnd 'North-Western llank — close to Cower Street —compelled mo lo leave the house at nine a.m.. and not return until six. ft was a kind of Box and Cox arrangement, for while tliey occupied flic sitting room during the day, I had it al! to niyself.in tlio evening. Their names wero Drane ami Cayluy, Hie former about thirty or so, a smart, rather dandified young mull, while the latter was nearly fifty, wiili a b'otehy, unhealthy-look ing face, "a pair of cold, steely eyes, his rnTrmnl moustache and chisel v-ermilied hair prematurely gray, lie bad tlie air of a hard liver, liis breath generally boro trace of overnight indiscretions, and his general ap pearance laid but little to recommend hint. Yet they were merry fellows, iioth of Ihem, nnd'T often regretted I hat 1 saw so lit-llo of them Full of high spirits and droll stories, they seemed to lead a iiieliy, careless life among their brethren of the Press Club, nnd often talked miloli journalis tic argot about "tliinsics" and "scoops," terms utterly unintelligible to me. It rune's speciality was the working tip of mysterious crimes, and heueo he was on friendly terms with quite a host of detectives and polico officials of various grades, while Cayley was engaged in reporting the speeches in the Gallery of the House of Commons. Sometimes on Sundays ono or other of their friends would look in, when much whisky would be consumed and the air of our . sitting room became so thick that one could see across it only with difficulty. Two of those friends, liien named Lawrence and Vic- kers, lived a short distance away at uie large corner house, one side of which faced into Holborn and was painted pulc-grccn — a house easily recognisable by any curious leader. They wero particularly good euiu- pany, and we spoilt some exceedingly plea sant eveiiings tugethor. I had lived at Mrs. Mackenzie's for about six months, and had become extremely inti- mato with my two fellow-lodgers, when one day a very curious fact presented itself, t rose at half-past four one morning ill order to go to King's Cross and meet a friend who was arriving from Scotland, but as I ap proached the front door -lo let myself out the door was opened with a latch- key. My fellow-lodgers generally returned from Fleet Street about four, I know, but as I stood back in the deep shadow the appeU'ranuo of tho pair struck mo speechless iii amazement. They were linine and Cayley, but both wore the uniform of policemen. Was it possible that these two men were not jour- nalists at all, but only policemen I I laughed, congratulating thyself that I had' discovered tlioir true position, for little did they suspect that I stood back in tho wide old-fasliioncd hall, watching tliom usconding tlio stairs in tho gray half-light. ra " Excellent 1". I heard' Chyley Sfty'in a low whisper. "Wo must sco old.Isuacs in the liinrniiig." , " ' "Better not," responded tho othor, "Tho tip is to'llu very low for n week, or oven a month, if necessary." / ; . ' " Bali ! you're funky," Caylfcy laughed. " Why, my deaf follow, what is tliero to fear?" " It would bo a bit ugly if tho truth came out," II nine said apprehensively. " But it never will, depend upon it — that is, if you keep' ytnlr mouth shut tight." Then they ascended the second Uigut of stairs leading to their rooms, andl could dis-' tinguish nothing more. ' : I met tliein both several times during the days which followed, but. always 'hesitated to drop any hint that- 1 had discovered thfc secret, that tliey were actually police eon- sluoies. it ple'itseil me to think how clever ly tlie pair had disguised their real profes sion, and X wondered whether Mrs. Mac kenzie really knew Hie calling of her merry lodgers. 'J'lio wol-ds I had oferheard, however, puzzled me considerably. The apprehensive altitude of Drnno Was mysterious, to say the least, ami it certainly seemed as though ho feared some fact becoming known, t I entered tho bedrooms of both men daring their absence, but saw nothing of any por tion of their uniforms save a. pair of wiiito mlitoli gloves which were lying upon Cay- ley's dressing table. That there was some curious mystery underlying all this I felt absolutely" certain, and my belief was strengthened by tho fact that their nuclei sal visils to their ofiices in Fleet Street suddenly ceased, and they remained at. homo always. One nigiit wlion they had both gone to bed, halving me writing some letters, 1 chanced to glance down at the blotting-pad, nnd saw am i bbled unon it two lines of numerals. By the arrangement of the figures nnd letters no second glance was required to' reveal to my accustomed eyes tlmt they wore the numbers of two bank notes. There was nothing ex traordinary in tho fact that aiiyono should mako a nolo of Hie numbers, nevertheless curiosity prompted me to copy them upon my shirt- cuff. To men of my calling tho taking of numbers is nimost an involuntary action. Cayley had been writing upon the, pad catiier in Hie evening, and as the ink was scarcely dry, this marginal note had evidently been made by him. Tlie discovery thnt these men were not what they represented themselves to be was disquieting, and perhaps on that account I ' bntertninod a vague suspicion. Next day I went round to tho bank, as usual — a short walk of about a couple of minutes — and during the morning hud oc casion to refer to the book wherein were registered the numbers of notes stolen aud Hoi. negotiable. The numbers were clear npun my shirt-cult as I wrote, and some thing prompted mo to search for that ar rangement of numerals in the book. Judge my abject surprise when I found nri entry giving one of the numbers among others lis that of a £10 note that laid been stolen. The robbery was a most daring and formidable onu, for, according to tlie brief details furnished by the po'.iuo and recorded there, it appeared that about a couple of months before a wealthy Australian ar rived in London from Melbourne, and, on ilio afternoon of landing, took a cub to C'outt's, in tho Strand, and just before the closing of the bank drew £GOOO in notes and gold in order to make a payment in the City. He arrived at uti- office iti Waibrouk, only to linci the principal absent. He, how ever, made an appointment for the following morning, und (hen drove away, but iiuu never been seen nor heard of since. One note of £100 had been presented and cashed by a bank in Whitby, while a second laid been presented ill Salisbury, but, the num ber being noted, payment was refused. The mmi who presented it managed to get clear off, thus plainly showing that ho was one of the accomplices. The police theory, was that the unfortu nate Australian, a man named Masscy, bad been robbed, murdered, and his body secret ly disposed of, us tho remains of so many arc done away with in the great metropolis. There is an old saying at Scotland Yard that any man's life can bo taken for a sove reign in London. I rend the facts eagerly, then, noting the date, turned up a file of the " Times," which gave some few additional details. A de scription was given of the missing gentle man, who appeared to be a mail of consider- ab'o iullueiice and position in Melbourne, and a reward of a thousand pounds was offered by a firm of solicitors for any in- fofrtution which might load to his dis- covovy. I went carefully over the facts of tho. mysterious disapporanco several times, and then copied for my own information tho numbers of all tho missing notes. They were all smiiU dnoSi -toils, twenties, fifties, and .hundreds, and therefore tho inbio easv to nog'otiute. Stolen, notes are usually put into circulation on the Continent, for in Amster dam and l'nris there are receivers who will buy all sorts of .notes knowing them to be the proceeds of robberies. In iny own mind I liad no doubt thnt the bulk of Mr. Mas- scy's money had alroudy been negotiated across the bhannol. Cayley's possession of that note was an enigma. I remembered that mysterious conversa tion 1 had overheard when they had returned to tho house in thoir police uniforms, and on cnrctul calculation added another suspicion to the already formidable nrrny, for I found that the morning when I had gone forth early to King's Cross -was just at tho period when Mr. Massey so unuecoiintnbty disap peared. Ono Saturday evening, about u fortnight afterwards, Lawrence, foppishly dressed,: came in and invited all three of us along to tlio corner house for a suioke. ViCkcrs, he explained, had caught a bad cold and feared to come out-, therefore he asked us all'to go over and keep liiin company. My two com panions were nothing loth, and X confess lo being easily persuaded to join tho party, for I had long wished to seo in what kind of "diggings" these two men lived. A" girl of lite usutil lodging-house type opened the door, nnd having pnssed into the hull, guided bv Lawrenco we ascended tho stairs to a. rrom on tho third floor. I mil slightly short-sighted, but as common with people who have defective vision I nin pos sessed of- a ronjarkably quick ear. Therefore, as we pnssed into the ill-lib hall, I detected by tlio sound that the house was scantily furnished. This snrprised me, for its ex terior denoted neatness nnd considerable prosperity. Before tile clean, well-eurtained windows of the ground-iloor were boxes of scarlet geraniums, the steps wero always scrupulously white with fresh hearthstone, und tho. brass handle anil knocker well pulished. Once inside, however, X noticed,, even in that bail light, that tlio place was dirty and neglected, tlie stair-carpet was in holes, and the small upstairs sitting-room was barely furnished. . Vickers, who was sitting thero with a dirty wbito muffler wrapped around his throat, rose and greeted us heartily, whisky and sodas were at once produced,' cigars lit, and very soon we became quite merry. After about an hour someone proposed a game at nap at a halfpenny point. 1 joined, and with tlie who.e five of its r'vying the fun soon grew fast and furious. Why had my two eonipanior i so suddenly loft the pi lieu— if tliey wore really police men'/ That puzzled me nlway. Tliey might however, be detectives, nnd the number of that note had perhaps been made by Cayley in the ordinary course. Yet they possessed nothing in common with police officers. Their air was far too irresponsible, too devil- nuiv-earo Whilo wo were playing 1 saw Viekers ex change a strange significant look with Cay- lev, who in order to hide a smile that played about his lips twisted his grey moustache and thoughtfully regarded ins cards. 1 liad announced my intention of making three — a difficult feat when five are playing — and consequently my attention was eentred upon the game Just- as it became my thru to commence the second round 1 heard a strange noise in tho adjoining room as of a man groaning. " What's that?" X asked, starting and glancing from one to' tho other. . ' " Nothing, old fellow," Lawrence an swered " They say i..is place is hnunted, but it's only the wind ill the chimney." "Haunted'/" I echoed, at once interested. "Has it that reputation'/" " Certainly. 'The p.aec was to let for near ly ten years, because tho various occupants heard ail hinds of weird noises, just us you'vo heard a moment ago. Wc, however, took it, und after a lot of investigation discovered the real cause. It's . quite sim ple." ,. " What is iti"- " Why, after being puzzled for months, we one day discovered that over the chimney in tho next room is an old-fashioned ven tilator, which, when set revolving by tlie wind creates an awful ereuking that sounds exactly liko a man groaning." " There it is again ! Surely that's not a ventilator'/" I cried. "It's nothing else," ho answered. "But it's frightened a good many tenants during the past fifty years Tlie owners nru glad enough to let us tlie house cheaply because nobody else will take it. We haven't-, of course, revealed to tlieni the simple explana tion of tho Gowcr Street Ghost." "But if it is really a creaking ventilator, why don't you oil it'/" He glanced across at Lawrence, und I saw his brows contracted slightly. "Because " and ho hesitated. "Be cause it isn't the ventilator itself that creaks. The fixings in the brickwork of the chimney are loose, and they, of course, can't be oiled." The noise was certainly a very liuinun one. It was not at all surprising that it should liavo caused previous occupants of the house to forsake it, and declare it haunted by the supernatural. Still, it surprised ine to know that these two easy-going bachelors were the only oeuupunts of that large house with its prosperous-looking exterior. I finished tho hand and won. Again tlie cards were dealt, and again I sorted my htnul with an inward feeling of sutisfuction, for it was nil uncommonly good one. At tliat moment, however, a sudden nnd excruuiating pain shot lip my right arm, causing me to drop the cards upon the tabic. "Hullon, Freeman I" cried Vickers. "Why, what's the mnttei, old eluip?" "Mattel1!" I echoed in agony. "Why, there's something wrong with my band nnd arm. The pnin is frightful." All four looked at mo in surprise, whilo Lawrence exchanged a quick significant glance with Cnyloy. "Wlint's wrong with your arm — rheu matism Y" tho latter inquired. "I don't know," 1 answered in alarm. "I've never beforo experienced such u strange sensation. The pain is so acuto that it seoins to nffeet my head." "Rubbish, old cliap ! Have a drink 1" urged Vickers, passing the whisky bottle. But in lliiise few minutes of my seizure — which, to mo, seemed a kind of paralysis— my whole body had become affected. My brain seemed in a 'whirl, my limbs seemed stiffening — I had a strange sinking feeling us though I were dying. That thought Hushed through my mind, and I tried to bestir myself. With a des perate struggle I rose while my companions remained seated at tho table, hut staggering, I lost my balance and fell heavily to the ilnor. Guriuusly enough I did not entirely lose consciousness. I know that my limbs were rigid, that my ' body wus chilly, that my, heart becoming puralysed' had ceased its beating, and that my eyes wore closed. But even in the blackness of death that hail so suddenly, fallen upon me sounds reached mo dulled and uncertain, as though my ears were fi'.lcd with cotton wool. " Good 1" I heard a man's voice exclaim in satisfaction. It sounded like Cayley's, but' of that I could not bo certain. "Ho knew too much, but he won't trouble us any moro, that's certain," continued tho voice. Tlioso words frozo my heart. I had, in my eager amateur attempt to probe the mystery surronndiug tlioso queer friends of mine, showed my linnd, and allowed myself to become t licit1 Victim. They had murdered me. But how had that effect been produced? X hud neither smoked nor drunk anything there. It was impossible that they could have drugged me. I felt eager fingers searching my pockets, and stuldemy heard a vuice exclaim ! " All, wo were not mistaken I Here it is I" .What was it they Intel found, I wonderpd.. I tried to reflect, but could think oF nothing likely to bo of value to tlicm. Aline was a perilous position, rigid, speechless anil help less in tho hands of these four men, who were evidently a most desperate gang. " Have you examined him well '/" inquired another voice, which this time I recognised as Cayley's. ' "Yes All that his pockets contained is on tlio table," wus tlio response. " Bettor, destroy tho lot," suggested Vic kers. " They might romain us awkward uvidenco. l'ut tlie whole lot into tlie fire." " And hie clothes?" asked onothor voice. " Wo can burn them Inter," answered Cay ley. " Let's do the packing first." It was evident that these men believed me to bo dead. Aiy only chance, therefore, lay in remaining quite inanimate. About me I heard strange whisperings and tlioso erics of human agony which had 'sound ed now recurred to mo. Suddenly I felt hands about me, and I -think I must have been lifted up and carried some little dis tance. Unfortunately, however, iny con sciousness seemed to bo gradually leaving mo. The voices that 1 hail heard so dis- tinctly became curiously distorted, and my brain, for the first, few moments quite clear, now grew clouded and incapable of any dis tinct thought. T'be agony I was suffering was excruciat ing. My linibs were oramped and twisted, the muscles were apparently over-strained until tliey supparled a tension terrible, and my -heart having ceased its pulsations was silent. I lcmcnlbcr distinctly that a seiise of my true position became impressed upon- mo. I eould not move a single m.selo in. my whole body. Tlie awfnl truth was apparent Although X still retained some faint con sciousness just in tlie nuiuuer that an cel. moves after dentil, I was nevertheless actual ly dead. I had been murdered by these un scrupulous malefactors without any appar ent motive, save that 1 hud, quite by ac cident, discovered those mystical numerals upon tlieir blotting-paper. f was trying to reflect, striving to retain my coolness, when of a sudden I felt tlie mental strain too great. My brain gave way, and its power slowly died out. The hist lingering spark of life bccanio extin guished ; the void of death fell upon inc. Wiiut time elapsed I had no idea. All I know is that during the period which fol- loweil, some curious events must have .oc curred As I s'owly struggled back to a knowledge of things about me, 1 became conscious of bciiig cold, cramped nnd confined. My arms wore pinioned at mv side, my head uncomfortable, iny legs bent, and my whole bbily chilly by reason of insufficient cloth ing. Aiy eyes, us I upeued them, fell upon tho iow sloping ceiling of an attic, ami I Baw by tlio gray light that dawn was spread ing. I listened attentively, but no sound broke the quiet, save the faint jingle of a cab-bell in the street far below. Suddenly I managed to turn iny head aside, and then a fact been mo plain, a fact so hideous that I started up with a shriek of horror. My outer garments had been lemnved, and my body was packed tightly in a circular tin which I at once recognised as one of tlioso big round cans used for tlie convey ance of milk by rail. .With great difficulty I managed to struggio out of my crumped position, to free my arms and extricate myself from that narrow prison, upsetting it upon the floor, and ns I did so 1 saw a second can eloso by. The lid was closed. Witli trembling hands 1 forced it open, and what I saw caused me lo draw back aghast in horror. Within, was (he body of a rcd- lmirud man of middle age and slightly bald. The head had been forced down, so tlmt 1 could not sec Hie features. X staggered back petrified by fear, nnd rushing to the door, Heil in speechless terror from that death-chamber. Downstairs I dashed headlong, but at the foot of the first flight was it door securely looked. My egress from the place was thus en? oif, therefore, after vainly trying to foreo the door i searched ougerly fur other means of escape. Aiy oostumo was an airy one, for the murderers had divested mo of greater part of my clothing preparatory to placing me in the milk-tin, bet having reascended the stairs I entered ail attic adjoining that ill whic.li the coipso leposeii. mil there found a pair of old flannel trousers and a frnyj.l jacket, which I at once assumed. Not with out considerable trepidation 'I re-cntcrcil the chamber of death, and stepping oVer tlio overturned tin which was to have lieen iny coitiu, I gazed out of tlio window into tho descried street below. Escape was, I saw, impossible by the window. Therefore I wont oat upon tlio landing, and soon found tlio trapdoor which led to the roof. Curiously enough, it was opun, nnd wilh- out much difficulty I crept through it and' out upon tlio smoke- blackened lends. Glanc ing around, I saw that tho root's of the neighbouring houses wero fiat, and there fore I started to walk along the tops of the shops in Holborn, making my way in and out among the myriad chimneys which rose thick as forest trees. Tliero wus a long, low parapet running tho wholo length of the block of buildings, nnd X was walking in Hie gutter behind it when suddenly my attention wns attracted by 'sight of a horse and cart ' drawn up at the korli below. It was a milk-cart of tlie ordinary kind, anil close by it, standing in conversation with tlio driver, was a pulieo- iiiiui in hi6 shiny cope. My first impulse wns lo shout down to tho officer uiid tell him of tho dastardly aitoiupt made upon my life, but as. I stood peering over tho parapet 1 suddenly dis cerned that both tho cart . and tho officer Wero standing a couple of doors off the bank where I was employed. I looked round, and to my surprise saw that within twenty yards of wlieru I stood a small wooden trap door was open. That door was ill tlio roof "of tho bunk. . Instantly my suspicions were amused. Aloviug carefully I glanced down again, and then know by tho curious hitching move ment of the shoulders that tho policeman wns none other than Drauu. Tho gang wero perhaps at that moment engaged in robbing tho bank, and the curt wgs, in all probability, waiting to carry off tho specie. This alarming truth . flashed upon ine, and I stoud in breathless hesita tion, wondering what I should do., If alarmed, they would undoubtedly Bhoofc'mo or fling ine over into the roadway", aud'after- wards escape. Yet I did not intend that tlioso four murderers should get away scofc- frco. Their plans, whatever they haa been, had bteu oarried out With marvellous fore thought, for It was now quite evident that tLqy hud taken the corner house with the deliberate intention of making nil atlabk upon tho safes crihtiuiiltig our coin. : hraue, little suspecting that I stood thfifq watching, was chaltlhg calmly to the tflilk mail, whom, in that halt-light, I recognised ns Lnwrchoo, wliila Yickors nnd Oaylcy were undoubtedly busy iu the- vault below the street Wliereih I ktlbW WnS Stored, ill addi tion to tbo previous day's, deposits, tifitit-Iy £30,000 in sovereigns, for I had assisted to. pliico snino of the coin thero when, on tlin previous afternoon,- it hnd been received from tbo Bunk of England. . ,, Uxuitcd at this discoveiy, and . pltzzlod how to capture tlie four -red- handed, I sud denly noticed tliiit oli the rtiof at the ad joining house soiiio painters lind been at work, aiid hnd left their' tools tlioi'e, among thoin being a stout iron Imr used in the sus-. pending of tho " cradle" in which . Uicy worked. This I seized, and closing down tlio trapdoor noiselessly, managed lo place each end of the bar behind soma brickwork, and thus securely fasten it down. I tried to pull it open, biit.it resisted every offoi't. Then I chuckled to myself, knowing that nt least I had prevented their escape by the wiiy in which tliey had obtained entrance. Aiy next move was to descend iiilo the street and invoke (lie aid of the. polico. But liow? After some reflection tlie course I was compelled to adopt was to go from trap- "door lo .trapdoor of tlie houses in Gowcr Street unlit at last I found a loose one, Mid . then, -liko n burglar, I lowered myself and crept noiselessly dotVri tbo stairs, letting myself out by the front donr. Those were, indeed, exciting moments, for 1 had lie vet- played tho amateur burglar before, and knew not that atrauny moment some one might fneo mo witli a revolver. Again,' it seemed rntito nossiblo that tlio thieves might make off with tlieir booty beforo I could rcaoh them, for fully n quarter of nil liotir bad elapsed since t had first made the discovery. Therefore," breathless in anxiety, I dashed along tho street making no ndisc — for I hud mndo my exit from the milk-tin witli bare feet— turned in front of tbo mysterious corner house, and looked along Holborn. Next second my heart Sank within me. Both policeman mid cart hnd disappeared. , I ran along to tlio door of the bant, but found it closed and firmly secured. The thieves had evidently made their coup successfully, and had got clear away. I Stood there rooted to the spot. If they had endeavoured to return to Ihe corner house by tlie roof llicy no doubt had discovered tlie trapdoor barred, nnd this would result in their flight by Iho' front door into Holborn. Again, if tliey returned to their own abode, tliey would discover that I, their victim, hnd disappeared. /The position wns far umre difficult and oxciting than before. Tliey, wero evidently "n gnng who would hesitate at nothing in order to make good their eseane. I drew back in hesitation into tlie shadow of a shop doorway, lind as I stood there tlie welcome sound of a heavy measured tread fell upon my ear. Then, us I peered forth, I saw a genuine constable approachiug, try ing t he doors of each shop. In order to avoid attracting attention if either of the' meii wore at the windows of the bank or upon tho roof, I waited until he ciuno to .examine tho door whereat I stood. Ilo started at finding ine secreted' there, but in' a few quick words I explained tlmt there were thieves in the bank opposite nnd urged him to go and obtain assistance. What I told him placed him on his mettle in an instnnt. and bidding me remain there ho strolled off slowly in order to arouse no suspicion of those who might be watching. The minutes seemed hours. OF a sudden, however, I heard.thc rattle of wheels, and to my surprise saw the milk-cart draw up again, this time before the door of the corner house. Lawrence, after looking mum! tu see that lie wus unobserved, ascend ed tlio steps and slipped in by aid of his latch-key. Why had lie entered, I won dered? So eiever.y had tlie robbery been planned (1: it he had driven his curt away in order to allow tlie genuine policeman on the beat to pass before again approaching. . From where I stood i could sco both the corner house and tlie door of the bnnk, but, .although I watched intently, not a soul stirred At length, however, my friend the coustabio and three of his companions turned a corner suddenly and almost before 1 was aware of it baited before tho big door of tlio bank. I dashed across and led tlie officer I bad first spoken witli and one of bis companions to the earner bouse wlierc the milk-cart was Glill standing. T'be man Lawrence bad left tho door ajar, and we n'l three crept into tlie ball, while nt the same moment, the other two policemen rang violently at the door bell of tlie bank in an endeavour tu arouse Wilson, the porter. Leaving one constub'.o to guard the door, wo rushed upstairs, searching ail the rooms until we earned the attie wherein I had found myself. The corpse of tho red-headed man was still there, packed in tlie milk- can, addressed to a farm in Gloucestershire, and ready to be taken downstairs and loaded on to the cart. Beside it lay the big empty can from which I lind extricated myself The cnnstnblcs were aghast when they "made Iho gruesome discovery, but I led them to tlio upen trapdoor, and it thun became plain tlmt Lawrence, finding I bad escaped, had also decamped und got away over the l'uofs. Ho had, in ail probability, alarmed the others, und white I had been below await ing the arrival of tho police, the whole four had slipped away over tlio roofs. Wc both run along- tlie leads until wo readied tlio roof of tho bank, when I saw. to my satisfaction that tbo iron bar still remained in the posi tion I had placed it. Below, the two offi cers wore thundering at tlio heavy door with its shining brass plates, Lut could obtain no response. " If they'ro inside they'll certainly try and get away through here," I said. Willi this tlie constable agreed, and, drawing away the bur, opened the door ; lie was about to lower himself through it when suddenly Cayley's gray head appeared through tho opening. Thero was a wild oath, nnd tho sudden flash ot a revolver fired right into tho con stable's face,, but tlio officer quick as thought drew Ills own weapon ana scut a bullet through tlio thief's shoulder. At the sumo iiisliuit I sprang upon iny fellow-lodgol1 and succeeded after a desperate struggo in wrest ing tho revolver from liini, while the police-- man whipped out a pair of handcuffs, nnd together wo made him prisoner. Tlioso mo ments were full of excitement, for down in Holborn police whistles wero sounding, and almost beforo wo bad succeeded in linudcuif- iilg the scoundrel tbrco other constables and a sergeant bad conte up to our assistance. Viekers was eventually caught in the' hank, hiding in a cupboard beneath the stairs, and captured after a desperate struggle, while on going below to the ynnlts wo found that the safe had been opened with the manager's keys, mid greut quantities of gold had been packed ready for removal. Throe largo bagsful of coin were, indeed, found oil tlio top'iluor close to the trapdoor, und ono was discovered in the attio of the corner house, showing ibat tho transfer of the proceeds of the robbery was actually in progress when I had so' providentlully re gained consciousness. Cayley, who seemed possessed of 'demon strength, niuilo a desperate effort to com mit suicide by throwing himself dowu to tbo pavement below, but wo manuged to pru- vent him. At the Old -Bailey, when the pair wero tried for murder und . robbery, many wero the extraordinary facts revealed. Tbo body found in tlio miik-oan was iden tified its that of tho missing Mr. Massey, who, it appeared, hnd been imprisoned ill the house with a viow to obtaining a further sum of money ; in exchange for his liberty, but who, according to Cayley, had died a natural death on tho night' when the das tardly attempt hud been miuio iqion. me. The two men, who were recognised its mem bers of n most dnrlng and desperate gang, bad known me intimately, of course, and word wqll awara tlint, 'having frequent ; oc casions to- go tu thy bunk manager's resi dence round in Russell Square, I bad been glvon a iatch-koy so that I could enter with out disturbing the. servants. They had therofore conceived tho idea of making away with mo becauso I had discovered the secret of tho stolen notes, obtaining possession of this key, entering the manager's house, and .stealing- the keys- of the strong-room and . safes... All this theg acconufilshad without a hitch.. Analysis of the cards With which Wa hid playfcd in thttt:barfe!y-fUthisBM tit; tiug-robtii established the fact mat the hand finally dealt to mo woro cards prcpafed with a very strong and' subtle poison, which, en, tering the flesh by a iim:Scratoh which chnhcOd to bo'iipotl iho index linger of mv right hand, bhd produced putitlVsis, sud den cbllufiSe," unci a stale so closely re sembling, death that they Ihemselvcs had been deceived. Two of the greatest toidcologists declared, in their eVideiiec, that the mailner ill which those cards lind been prepared showed the gang to ho past musters iii tho art of secret assassination, ,and without duubt many un fortunate persons had been entrapped nnd fallen victims in that corner lioUse. Be lieving mo to ho' dead," thoy ,had packed me In the ttiilk-cau, arid no doubt it was In tended to consign both my oWh body- alia tljut of the poor Australian to tho address- of some accomplice ill Gloucestershire by whom ether bodies bad undoubtedly been buried secretly itt somo remote spot. The elaborate forethought tthd ingenttity with Which tlio whole tiling htttl beofi planned 'was little short of marvellous, nud it was only tlie unfortunate failuro of tho liiediuai evidence to establish tho fact Ihut Air. Alassey's dentil had been accomplished by foul means that prevented a verdict of "wilful Iftitrder" nguiust them both. _ Drane, the bogus policeman, was arrested in police uniform a month later while watching out side a house at- Barnes whore Lawrence was in tho not of committing a burglary, and- till four word sentenced nt the sunie sessions of the Central Criminal Coitrt lo penal servitude for life. As for myself; a substantial reward was Voted to mo by tho hank directors, and I received rapid. promotion, hut now each day as I pass atoiig Holborn oil my way to business, Vivid memories always come back to mo of iny startling night's adventure nnd my narrow escape from a horrible dentil in that green-painted Corner House. 