NO SECTARIANISM IN THE BACKBLOCKS An ' Explanation. ' (to tkb editor, freeman's journal ) Fir, — As you will remember, my last public utterance, some eighteen months or eo ago, had some reference to the above heading, and, I am .sorry to say, created quite a furore in the Far West, which decided me to drop cfi writing to your paper altogether ; nor Bhould I have given the sectarian wirepullers and a few rank bigots the satisfaction of perusing this ' explanation,' were it not that the widespread rumour that has got abroad among&t; my enemies that the Fbbeman had suppressed me from its pages, in consequence of same, has en couraged them in their mendacity against me. Now, any writer or regular correspondent, not only to an honoured Catholic journal like the Freeman, but indeed to any other public print, who attempted to raise either a 'Kiama Ghost' or sectarian scare, would, I admit, richly deserve journalistic ostracism, if not condign punishment. My letter complained of had reference to certain underground engineer ing carried on at Cobar, for the purpose of remov ing a certain Catholic police officer from that town. I mentioned no names nor any other particulars in my possession — well verified I simply touched upon the subject in as mild a &tyl3; as my limi'ed educa tion and small knowledge of newspaper writing would admit of. The letter in question was read aloud at nearly every Orange and other secret society lodge almost in the olony to the II brethren.' I hear that ' they treated the affair rather jocularly; but, -unfortunately, some of the representative Catholics became actually savage; and ' turned dog ' on me accord ingly, for reasons which will be apparent to you. It is quite possible that I could have fought my battles through life as well as most Catholics had I only the discretion and common sense to keep from the ' paths where angels fear to tread,' and leave such onerous occupations to those patriots who would be most likely to be honoured in their own country and generation. No Catholic function or ceremony has taken place in Cobar since my letter appeared in the Freeman but that certain Catholics of the town seem to have gone to immense pains to demonstrate to the public the great harmony and good-fellowship that existed between all Beets and nationalities in and around. Cobar. I never said that such was not the case. As a matter of fact, I worked at one time in the Great Cobar Copper Mine for over six months, and my boss during that period was none other than the present Grand Master of the Cobar Orange Lodge, and he never even attempted to ' sack' me. I left of my own free will, and came out among the ' pioneer squatters' to look after the ' widdy's mite,'' which they have been making such desperate efforts of late to bamboozle and ' diddle ' me out of, espe cially since my sheep-farming and ?? financing' contributions appeared in the 'old paper.' For over ten years I have kept the ' widdy's mite' free from debt, and, although we have passed through some very oevere seasons which have caused nume rous '?' evictions' and nearly all the stations to go into the hands of the ' foreign investors,' II the widdy's mite' is as free from debt to-day as it was when first purchased from the Bank of New South Wales fourteen years ago ; and my only re gret now, after a lapse of some years, is that I ever wrote one word in favour of the paltroons in the Frbbman, although such articles certainlv saved many of them from being promptly fired out by Moloch. It was necessary that I should digress thus far in order to show you the little game they were engi neering against myself at the time they wanted Sergeant Nies shifted ; they were, in fact, trying to kill two birds with the one stone. But, thanks to the Frtbman and the Hillston Spectator, I was able to blow their boilers sky high, and send the 'engineers ' scudding and hurrying into the most convenient hollow logs, metaphorically speaking, to hide their cowardly heads for the time being. They knew well that so long as Nies remained in Cobar they .could get him to do no dirty work for them ; and, as Belaraboon was the oaly property in the district which gave a convenient camping ground to the Workers' Union in their struggles against the reduction of shearing and roueeaboutb' wages in the past, they thought it necessary to stop atnoFchtmeormdans, no matter how dishorn urable, in their endeavour to grab the property in favour of a ?' tied ' blackleg. During the last greet shear ing strike, when the Australian Mortgage, Land, and Finance Company wanted the shed hands to work for 7s a day, find themselves, and -o deduct all wet weather,1 the men naturally struck. Mr C. It. Macpherscn, the manager, ordered them off the ground, and the men, over 100 strong, came up to Belaraboon, three miles from the shed, and asked me for permission to camp on the freehold pro perty, with water for themselves and over sixty horses. Of course I said ' yes,' with pleasure. I gave them what rations I had in the place at cost prica ; one of my best horses was killed in a trip to Cobar to meet Mr. Arthur Rae, for which I never got a penny, nor did I ask for any — value about £20— and, finally, after a three weeks' fight, during which time the Union men kept the 'ec ibs' at bay, the Mortgage Company was forced to give in, and the Union won hands down, I gained the Union nearly £400 over that little turn. Still I have every reason to believe, at least under Lamond's editorship, the Worker and Mr. W. G. Spsnce, M.P., 'forgot' all about me. (I am pretty mild as to what Icmld tell you in this connection.) Then, again, when the cabals found that they could not ?' down me' by raising some bogus objection against the renewal of my license, they sent the II grip' about the town to stop my credit. On one occasion, shortly after ray letter appeared in the Freeman, I had occasion to visit Cobar, when a certain shining light of the Catho'ic Church sought to ' smooge' and curry favour with the 'Arch of Kybosh' by ringing up the town telephone against me for all it was worth. The joke here, however, was that the half-a- baker's dozen who tried their ' soupef' tactics on m? in order to draw gmt to their various *' mills' did not succeed worth a cent. The Orangemen even very properly treated them with scorn and contempt, and a few weeks afterwards I was sorry— from a forgivable Catholic point of view — to see some of th?m leave the dis trict blotched and smeared all over with a thick dribbling coat of whitewash. Whatever my faults may have been, I have always stuck staunch to the religion and nation ality of my forefathers — the grand old clans O'Gorman, D'Arcy, Kelly (of Kilrush), Cahill. O'Dwyer, Hayes, Clancy, and many others both of East and West Clare, who gave more learned, pious, and fighting priests to the Catholic Church than some bearers of IriBh names in New South Wales I could mention are ever likely to do— men, too, who never bowed down to the souper or pro selytizing, hordes of foreign 'barbarians' and monkey- shaved mercenaries, who endeavoured to extinguish the glorious torch of Catholic civiliza tion and refinement in those days, when the choice was ' Hell or Connaught.' Do you, Mr. Editor, imagine for a moment, that I would dare to touch upon a subject in a paper bearing the reputation that the Freeman has, un less I knew what I was writing about ? Did you ever find anything unreliable or malicious from my pen r I know you have often made careful in quiries. Do you believe that I am a bigoted Catholic ? Rather do you not believe that I have scorched the hissing monster of bigotry and intoler anse, because I abhor such a thing in the fine free Commonwealth of this fair land? Next to being an informer, there is nothing meaner or more despic able than raising sectarianism when there is no justification or foundation for so doing. I emphati cally deny that I did so in the Freeman, Sergeant Nies was no particular friend of mine. I. never spoke much more than halfa dozen times to the man in my life, but, as I have had the misfortune of serving about 12 months as a constable in Cobar myself under the present Senior-Sergeant Cameron, who has taken NifiR* tilace. I felt some interest in the aubieefc. The bit of a tiff between the few Orangemen &nd; myself is nearly 12 years old, and I certainly had no desire to resurre-ct it. In the same barrack-room with me at Cobar I had for a mate an Orangeman and Freemason. I was getting the Freeman and he the Protestam Standard I often read the other paper and laughed heartily at the bigotry and fool ishness printed in its columns, pitching into the Cardinal and the grand old Pope. One day, how ever, whilst my mate was out on town duty, and I was having a quiet chat with a ' slavey' over the fence, the two papers were lying on the table, when somebody came into the room and put the Freeman on top of the aggressive organ of the ' Pup,' with some remarks written in pencil, say ing ih\t was the proper place for the Freeman always to be and something else, which I now for get. I riever 'ook any rolice of the matter until my Orange ncute came (£E duty, enl I was 8ur prised to see him tirn like a tui key -cock's top-knot and loo'c me ' d'ggers' in the f cj, &c; I never knew what was the matter then, and I certainly did \- ot place the papers in the posit:on they were found in ; it wts the wo k oi rome practical j'ker, who seemed to understand the sensitive feelings of the local ?« lambs.' My mate had ' wan' stripe and I was only a proba'ioner, eo that ycu can see I had no show whateyer in a foolscap duel. Nearly every superintendent, sub-inspector, senior- sergeant, ser - geant, and 'corporal' are either Orangemen or Freemasons in the Far West. A Catholic etands no ' bhow whatever, unless he is one of the ' Cawtho lie' sort j then he may possibly rise to the two stripes, but he often gets knocked about from post to pillar, as the fancy takes the all-powerful, ped dlingtonian wirepuller. Mind you, Sir, the Inspector-General is not always to blame for thiB the whole power is in the hands of the local men. Whatever little dealing T have, had with Mr. Foa bery, I found him invariably a reasonably fair man Shortly after the above incident, there was a big row to keep the Frebman out of the local School of Arts— I wonder if they take it now ?— unless the Standard was brought in alongside of it. Thif arrangement, however, the local Catholic priest, who was vice-president at the time, would not tolerate on any consideration, proclaiming, very justly, that there was no comparison between the , two newspapers. However, ''Uncle's' Government ' ' ? 'happened to be in power at the time, and many high public servants, who were paid their bigjscrews largely from Catholic taxation, made no bones about their hostility to everything Catholic, when the occasion demanded it ; and very often when it )' -; Sidn't. On this historic occasion Father Milne .v .(purran was strongly supported by many liberal* / minded Protestants and PresbyterianB— among the -latter being that fine old Scotchman and colo nist of many years' honourable standing, Mr- ?' Hughey' Sutherland. The fight then drifted into the columns of the local Herald. A sharp Joaal newspaper warfare in which £the Catholic side— as it nearly always is— was con e'picuous by its literary brilliance and force, during which'such phrases as 'tap-room bigotry and 11 Bathurst Bung,' together with I atin phrase which nobody could translate among the Hamlet 11 scholards,' until a poor student struck the place and translated it into plain English, which, when written down like Dogberry, panned out as ' Jack Ase,' were bandied about promiscuously. This latter was applied to the leading Poo Bah against the Fkeemah, and the denizens Dearly burst their ?'£: j Bides with merriment when they saw it. The law also was curiously and most grotesquely adminis tered, in those days. Whenever there was any possible chance whatever, even glaringly against the weight of evidence, the , case w&s; given against a certain uooar solicitor. Here, however, they reckoned without ther ; -4host. After a few appeals to the Supreme and 'District Courts, which, fortunately for the peeple, are presided over by pure and able Judges in this i-'; teolony; and the scandal was likely to go beyond the ?': 'infloonce' of 'Uncle,' the sewer rats drew in ': 'their noses, '? and everybody lived happily for 1 ''ever afterwards.' '-'-'r'5 Id conclusion, permit me to say that I have met numerous congenial and hospitable friends in Cobar. I have no prejudice against Senior-Sergeant Cameron. The Cobar court is at present ably and impartially presided over by Mr. Walterus Brown, P.M., for many years C.P.S. at Hillaton; likewise Mr. A. B. C. Bourke— not one cf ours, but able and ^impartial, nevertheless— together with a highly dis tinguifhed and humane bailiff, who performs his various and sometimes unpopular duties with tact » C and d'ecretion, and never hurts a client's feelings unnecessarily. I allude to Mr. O'Leary. „? Frcm the report of the visit and presentations to his Lordship Dr. Dunne in one of the Cobar papers prior to his departure for Rome and Ireland, I was pleased to see that Mr. Mayor James had taken t.Vio nVinir. Mr. Jumna is an Oranppman. and has never, so far as I know, endea voured to in any way disguise the fact. I have paid Mr. Mayor James, both over his coun ter ard through the banks, over £500, and I am not eorry for so doing. He treated me a good deal more generously under the circumstances I was placed 1- in than many others with whom I have also 6pent hundreds and whom I owe nothing. I cannot conclude altogether without a word of comment on Mr. JaraeB's speech, making the pre ,, ,. sentation to his Lordship the Bishop of Wilcannia, -?' which, by the way, his Lordship richly deserves ; a fine, genuine, kindly- disposed, and, withal, most ,. able Father of the Church. In a portion of Mr. ' ?' James's speech he remarked that 'he (the Mayor) would like to accompany his '?? Lordship to the Eternal City and visit the , Vatican and Archives if he had the leisure. etc.' To all of which I say - hear, hear, and earnestly hope that, with the auspicuous advent of a Federated Australia, we may all live to enjoy a more enlightened and tolerant time in the predicted :'' : 'happy' years tr come than have, unfortunately, disgraced many periods of shameful and scandalous unfairness, if not downright persecution, in the past, against which the Fhbbmah's JoxrRNAL.haB battled bravely and consistently during the bril liant literary reign of its Golden Jubilee, and looks iow— if anything— as if it was going stronger than :ver. But, to come back to Mayor James's historic peech at Cobar. He might certainly, in my opinion, in his intended ' pilgrimage' to the Eternal City, ' go farther and fare worse,' and, it iB quite pos sible that the venerable head of the Roman Catho ic Church, grand old Pope Leo XIII., wou'd be delighted to meet and wecome Mr. James to the Vatican ; realizing the immortal words r f Gerald 3riffi.a, at least in this instance ' Romewards,' ' That the Orange heart had melted in pity for the green.' Apologizing, Mr. Editor, for occupying so much of your valuable space, I beg to remain, Yours, trulj , MICHAEL HONAN. Belaraboon Hotel, Aug. 15. 