Qho&of-cix;, dc&nej.;, -PUBLI8HEDBY SPECIALS/ARRANGEMENT. : ' v How It Was Caught, By LILIAN QU1LLER COUCH, ; Author of " Christmas Eve Conspiracy;" "Throe .Quarters of an Hour," " Discomfort At Dpwen iFarm,'-'" "VVifo of a- Sinner," "A- Spanish Maid," '&c.;, &o.; ' " ' ? . COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XX.— (Continued.) , - . Gilbert smiled at tho thought of poverty as ho recalled Miss , Hardwick's appeuraoee at Bury Halla yearago. He know but little of the prico of furs and Bilks and fripperies, but he knew he had never seou a better dressed woman. When Mrs. Mitchell . bad loft him be went, to bis bedroom; and shading tho lamp, ho walked to tho window and looked out upon his new surrbundings. . .y .The world was white with snow and moon light, tho sky was dear, the night was still. Right before him, beyond the, boundary of tho farm lands on this side rose a grand old mansion, looking desolate and' distinct in. tho ratified air. At the other' side and at the i back Gilbert .could see that tbe house was 1 sheltered by fine trees ; but the side on wbioh he looked was, open, us was the front, where, as far as his eye could trace, stretched- out terraces and gardonR and lawns. I '(That is her home," thought Gilbert passionately. "That at any rate I may look upon and toiioli. Ah, sho seems hearer to me hero. , It was worth coming for." ; He lcnned on the window-seat and gazed, long and eagerly, upon Eleanor Hardwick's home. : - - j At length, as lie leaned thero, with his eyes riveted on the eceno before him, a move ment on the snowy stretch of lawn caught his attention. .Rousing himself from his reverie, ho leaned forward and lookod more olosely at the spot where "movement had seemed to be. Tnero was certainly something moving, something slowly neoring the gaunt, csolate house. ' The night was so clear, the ground so in tensely white, that Gilbert's oyo could follow the moving form easily us it wont forward. It seemed to be weary, or in -, no hurry ; the cnlonr of it ' did not seem to be very dark — grayish rather than blaolc ; but though itstood rather high from the ground, ho could not tell whether it was a human being or an animal. , " Curious," ho thought, as he watched it intently. "An animal would scarcely prowl about a deserted place, in this cold wenther when there are so many shelters here at the farm , and no human creature cau have business ut an empty house." . There was uo swerving or hesitation about the moving shape, however, and at iast Gilbert saw it reach what seemed to bo a small side door of the silent mansion ; hat thero the moving shape seemed to molt, into the darkness of the door itself, and for a few. moments he could nut follow it, it seemed gone. Suddenly Eleanor's light words of a year ago came back to his mind,, sending tho blood coursing Rwiftly through- his veins. " "A gray, - snarling wolf, which prowls ahmit- outside, mid at length comes in at tho door; and I am afraid of it." And even us lie remembered, he fanoied he saw — he folt almost certain he saw — unless his straining eyes .were deceiving hini — the door of this empty, barred mansion slowly open, and tho gray figure vanish into the inner darkness. Gilbert stood rigid, with his oyes fastened oh that door. Ho had nover beliavcd in ghosts, but this — ? If thero were suoli things as ghosts, if his eyes had not triuked him, no wonder thnt Eleanor Hardwick had loft her homo to its solitude and its ghost, and had fled in horror.. But in time Gilbert's common sense camo back to him. "I am' bowitolicd by tho moon," he muttered, impationtly. "Most probably- somo tramps liavo managed to find a shelter in tho old house, by fair means or the reverse. I'll go and have a look." Telling tho old farmor, whom lie met in tho ball, that he was going to havo u stroll and a cigar before bedtime, lio stopped out into tho snowy garden nnd mado his way towards Eleanor Hardwick's home. A funoy fell upon liim that ho was serving her by investi gating this mystery — thut he was protecting lier possessions— and it brought him somo comfort. Thero was somo difficulty in gaining access to the grounds, but tho wails and gatos woro not in very good condition, and Gilbert was fairly athletic, and uertuinly determined, so a littlo olimhing soon .brought him over the barrier to the shrubbery which skirted the lawn. With a grim- smile,-' he thanked his luoky star that Laudewarno was primitive, for ussuredly in any more /worldly pluco ho would have boon detected and arrested for trespassing, if not for housebreaking. Very carefully ho oxamined the ground as he went, but ho oonld see no footsteps ; .only two continuous trails in tho snow where tho lawn edged the drive, dono purposoly, lie conoludecl, or by . somo strange creature, whoso species he oould not guess. ' Hurrying to tho door, he listened long and eagerly, hut minute after minuta passed, "and ho could hear 'no sound, but an occasional sob as of tho wind in tlio trees. Thou with a firm stealthy. hand ' he tried tho door ; it would not yield, it was fast looked. Stepping baok, ho looked up over tho house; but ho emild see no . light fromany- chink. Ho walked round tho whole of the struggling building, again and again be triad the various doors, but nothing gave him. any oluo to tho mystery , alt was fast barred uud dark and silent. Puzzled uud baffled he made his way book to tbe farm, 'determined to say nothing of his doubts or suspioious, but to investigate the matter further by daylight./ ./ Contrary to Mrs. Mitchell's expectations, thoro was another fall of snow during the night, and by morning nil tracos of Gilbert uud liis ghost were gone from the groundsof Laodewarob House. Mostof'the following day was spout' by Gilbert in oxaminiug Lundewarne House— from the outside. It was soothing, yot tor turing -to he there, so oloso to all wliioh was dear to Elouuor — to tho homo whore she had grown to her beautiful womanhood. But as far nslast night's mystery was ' concorned ho could make no discovery whatever. All doers were locked, ail windows shuttered. ' ) ' , -.s V 7 ' ' . , " I suppose thero are no means of getting in to see the house?" Gilbert asked Mrs. Mitchell. "No, sir, I'm afraid not ; not without writing to, the lawyers. Miss Hardwick lias hef own koys, uud her lawyers havo another such set, in case anyone wanted to tako the house, hut none hereabouts has any." So Gilbert , was forced to content himself with gazing at Eleanor's home from the outside ; and .when evening fell, he sat again on his bedroom window seat to watah it frnfen that' vantage point. This time ho had scarcely looked out upon it before be saw again a moving form and this timo it went from th'o doorway towards ; tho baok of the house, where the troes made 1 a shelter. Tho moon had not- yet risen,- so nothing whs -very distinct, and had it not been for tho whiteness of the ground, it might easily have escaped bis notico ; but that the thing — ghost, human or animal — was there, 1 he felt sure. I A sudden thought sprang up in his mind, a determination which he did not stay to question. "It is worth trying," he murmured, nnd going downstairs-as unobtrusively us possible I ho stopped again "but into the snowy world, 1 and made his way to Lnndewurno House. | Creeping quickly to the side door, ho fouud ' with a throb of satisfaction that his busty idoa had been correot. The door was un locked, and hastily turning tho heavy handle, lio opened it, slipped inside, hnd closed it after him, ' _ All was dark and still as dentb. Hofanoied that lie must be in a.smnll side lobby ; and uncertain what to do, he waited, motionless and almost breathless. , Before very long, what ho had half ex pected came to pass. Tho door was softly pushed open, olosed again, nnd looked ; and Gilbert was conscious that something or some body was standing near him in the darkness. It wus a ghastly moment, and Gilbert, strong, courageous man as be wus, felt liis heart beating almost to suffocatiou us ho realised thut he whs alone, in darkness, in this deserted house, with this mysteriouN gray' thing which had eluded him the night before, and whioh might be an armed and desperate creature, for all ho knew of its identity. But even us t-lio thought of his situation coursed through his brain, the thing — what ever it was — moved noross the fleer. Ho could hear a swish and; lio thought, the sound of footsteps ; then, with his straining oars ho heard it mounting stairs, and stealthily, scarcely daring to breathe or lift u foot, he followed the sounds. He moved after the moving thing, he felt the lowest stair, and then went up, aud up, Hi id up. Tlic flights seemed interminable, yctnlways ahead of liim lie could hear tho swish and the tread; nnd by degreeH his heurt lightened, for he guessed that it must in truth bo some living, human boing. At length a sharp turn showed a dim light coming from a doorway. V . . He oonld see the upright, gray figure moving towards it ; ho followed'. The figuro entered the room : still he followed. Then tho figure turned, und n sudden ory of torrur rang out in the old cohoing house ! " Eleanor 1" ho cried. " Eleanor 1" A thin, white ghost of Eleanor Hardwick seemed to stand . before liis oyes, trembling, with horror in her oyes. Then tho horror ' gradually faded ; eliangod ns sho was lie know her to bo real, and involuntarily ho held liis arms to her.' . " You !" she cried, shrilly, turning upon him, with wido oyes nnd gripmcd hands, " How dure you intrude ? "Wharright liavo yoii to foreo your way into my house " But nt tho last words her voice broke, nnd in another moment sho had sunk to tho floor, a huddled heap in her long gray clonk, sob bing lis if her heart would break. " Eleanor," he oriod, raising her in his arms, " what does this moan? Toll mo! I will help you whatever it is." When her first storm of sobs was over sho raised hor head und faocd him, wildly. "Toll you? Yes. I will tell you! What does it matter who knows? I ain starving! Iam penniless! Can't you' see what it means?" - Gilbert gazod at her in amazement. "Starving! You ?" ho'exulaimed. "But you are riob." "I never was rich," she deolarert, "I only played nt being rioli — just for two weeks. Oil, I had been poor and lonely so long," site wailed. ,, "Tho temptation was so strong. 1 yielded when tho invitation oamo , it was my last chance of a littlo taste of happiness. I deceived you nil. I tricked you all, oven lay kindest friends." _ " How did you do it?" he asked gently. . "Isold tho only jewels that gruudpnpa left mo. Thoy were honestly mine, Tliey ouglit to iravo gouo to pay the debts. X know.,- but I wanted to be- happy, just for a week or two." "And since then?" he asked. His voieo was unsteady with tho luvo ho was trying to repress. "Siuco then I havo worked as a'.governoss in 'u littlo school. They fed mo, but they could not pay me much, because I oould not teach much. And then, when tho holidays oamo I had to come away. What could I do but oome home— to tho old homo whioh no ono will rent or huyfrbm mo? I bieaut to ho so brave, but hunger mukos u coward-of one." "My darling !" he whispered. She did not hear the words, or sho did' not resent thera, sho only', bowed - her head and siiuk back sobbing. ' Gilbert's heart was raokod. He wanted to say so much, yot he. feared to tio his owu hunds by speaking again of his love. . " Elcunor," haloid, desperately, " did I — did wo help you to happiness lust Christmas?" "Huppiness 1" sho oried. "Iwas wildly happy. I had often played at being a queen amidst a brilliant throng whon I was lonely and grandpapa was asleep ; and at Bury Hall it seemed like a continuation of tholay, only y ' - "A ' hotter, moro entrancing, until just at tho end; . Then I awoke suddenly to tho reality, on the'' . ' night of all bights whon X wanted tho pretence ; . to bo most comploto. But I saw that you loved me,' and the lovo wus so real it sent all my moke-believers shivering to' nothing. You., . did say you loved mo then, didn't you ?" Sho : y't/' plondod. " That was truo ?" ; i: " Truo !" he cried joyfully. " Tho truest . words, I over spoko, aud true stall. X lovo you," '" Eleanor. I worship you." "Ah !"Tbo trembling ory of oyerwholming ' happiness broke from her lips, aud he caught. - hor in his arms. For long no held her there, till a shiver whioh ran through hor brought1 him back to common-sense. '-.AO; . "Oome," ho said tenderly. "Imust tako-. . . you to warmth and comfort. I cannot lovo jS-X you now." . " How did you find mo ?" : 'P " I followed your ghost — tho gray wolf," ....-; ho replied smiling. She . shivered again., 'f My ghost wa's iWlinf ' " olin toVi ? anarorl II T vtrnu » frightened of it." , ' 1 ' ! " That is laid for over now.!' he declared; "But it has boon a good ghost to me." And , : pressing his lips to hers ho drew her from the / bare chilly room' and guided hot ;baek to comfort and light. - Mrs. Mitchell was umazed when Gilbert led Eleanor into Trothiak Hall, . bat her pride and delight knew no bounds. . ' // " I huve known Miss ' Hardwick for some . time," said Gilbert, by way of explanation, "and I told hor that you all wuntoo her "bank at Lundewarne." This was quite, true, .but , be did not say that the tyords ; had . been spoken within tho last five minutes. 'Sho bos -oome unexpectedly, and ; lias had , a terribly cold time in getting here, but' she hopes she will not bo unwelcome." . . "Unwelcome!' Miss Hardwick unwel-. come, indeed!" cried Mrs. Mitchell, looking . into tho lovely gray eyes, whioh woro smiling and weeping by turns. " Come in, ray dear, como in. Yon'ro cold und tired, X'm sure. Here, "father ! Charlotte ! Hero's Mite Hard wick, bless her heart." Tlie excitement at Trothiok farm was . in-' tense, and nil wus bu,stlo, obeorfulness,, and, pleasure. ' But later ou Cliarlotto found timo to remark to her mistress that it wouldn't surprise her : (Cliarlotto) if there wore wed- . ding hells at Liuidewarno before long. It did not need more than two ayes to sec some things. And Chnrlotte boing an intelligent ninid, Mrs. ; Mitohell did not scorn hor far sightedness. i Therefore whon in the early spring Lande- wurne did resound with wedding pliiraos, there were two persons at least who were not surprised, and who enjoyed the oxt-reme pleasure of remarking many times; " Thero now, I told 'oo so." THE end. f J Irs. MiiclteU was amazed when Gilbert led Eleanor into 'Irethiel; Hall, hut her pride and deiir/ht knew no bounds. 