ISt. Mary's Cathedral Opening. THE following lotter to the editor of tho ' Herald ' appears in Friday's paper : Sir,-At a ^meeting of tho Evangelical Council held to-day, the following resolu tions were adopted, and directed to be sent to you for publication, viz. : 1\. That this oouncil notes that at tho opóning of Sf. Mary's Roman Catholic Cathedral on Sunday ln-'.t, his Excellency the Governor attended in his official capacity as representative of her Majesty tho Quooii, and was accompanied by their Excellencies tho Governors of Queensland and Now Guiuoa, who also attended ia official costuma and stylo. Tho council also.notes that his worship tho Mayor and other official porsonngos OTO also roported to have boen present in thoir oilioia) capuoitios. ii. That on that occasion, and in prosonco of his Exoollonoy, tho appointed proachor (Dr. Hod wood) is reported to have said : " Tho leaders mid founders of Protestant- ' ism, Luther, Calvin, Zwinglius, &c;, wore notorious for thoir vicos."??? . . . " PÍO tostantisni covered Europe with blood and ruius in tho sixtoenth ooutury, and lias ovor sinco boon tho holpor and instrument I of tho worst foo» of Christianity. It ' dosocrntod tho homo, it po ¡I ii tod tho nuptial bod, it loworod tho dignity of womanhood, it devastated tho sohool, and stoppod tho progress of Boionco." ' . . " In fino, noilhor Protestants nor Grook sohismul.ics have shown that tho action of tho Holy Ghost is with thom. Thoir ministers . have no lawful mission, and thoy cannot say that thoy hnvo boon sont by Josus Christ." ..." Havo thoy (tho Protestant denominations) any of tho marks of tito truo Church unity, sanctity, catholicity, and upoBtolieity ? Suroly not." 3\. Tho council notos that, so far as is reported, thoso words woro listoucd to without protest by hor Majesty's ropro sontalivos. It rogards thoso statomonts as a diroot calumny on hor Mnjosty as tho most illustrious mombor of tho Anglican Churoli, to whioh tho proachor specially roforrod, and on all hor subjoots of tho Prolostuut faith; and in listouingto thom without protost Iiis Excellency and tho olhor publie officials prcsont woro ntado to appoiir to ho parties to un attack upon tho faith hold by hor Majesty and au ovor wholnijng majority of hor English-speak ing subjects. 4\. Tho council also rogards tho stato monts made with roi'oronco to tho pollution of tho nuptial hod und tho dosuoratiou of tho homo us an implication ol' porsonul immorality on tho part of momhors of tho Protestant communions. 'Tho council, thorol'oi'o, fools strongly that ,by his aotion on tho occasion his Excolloil'oy pormittod and was mudo to upponr to Bunotion an aot of dishonour to hor Majosty and her oo-roligionists in thoso'roahns ; and thoro foro desiros to oxpross in tho most publia way its disapproval and reprobation of tho samo. ö. Tho counoil would also point out that by hor Majesty's oath Ii or Majesty's uttond anoo nt tho Mass ia proohidod, and it i-, thoroforo, a mailor of surpriso that lior representativo in Now South Wales should havo dono that which hor Majesty horsolf is by oath disallowed from doing.-W. M. Dill-Mucky, president ; E. Frico, F. Colwell, lion. BOOS. Soptoiuhor JUL 