Protestant'' Protestations'. . The -.torrent " of ; 'Protestnnt . protestations now being ponred out in- Sydney took its rise in this, way." ;'At the dedication of St. Mary's Cathedral, Archbishop Redwood, of Now Zealand; 'jireabheS ii sermon. He had preached it , before, one. of ;i,pi8 congregations in New Zealand ; , and- oa his reaohing Sydney the ever . alert, .reporter:- eolicited tho . manuscript of the Bermbn tot be preached at the coneecra- Hon ceremony. - It was handed over, setup in tho office 'of the local Roman Cathblio newspaper,' and /.borne copies, of it were handed tQ . the preacher, Aftor his delivery of the sermon -on .Sunday, September 9, re porters 'present having heard it .very in differently, solicited' the manusoript ; and to them were giyen;so'me of the aforementioned printed copies': irae ' of . which wiis repro- duced '"'noxt .' day"! in' the!" S.'ST.. Herald, The sermon" as.' printed' will be found on another page of this.': issue.. ..The paragraph omitted from the . spoken; sermon, but con tained in flie printed! form of il; was as follows : ' 1 Look at those . hundreds of contradiotoiy denominations which' swarm'' in 'the British Empire and in somo other 'parts of the globe. Have they , any t of the; marks of the true church, unity,1 sanctity, ;/ , catholicity, and apqstolicity?; Surely not. ..They: have! no unity, v Look not for, sanctity . in ,' those separate ,'secle. ' -I: apeak' not, of individuals but, .of '8yetohls..'.'Tho aiithbra ibf the Greek sohism, ' Fhotius in the' ninth century; and Michael 'Ce'rnlarius , in the: eleventh, bad no .motive for- their' separarioii'bdt'biind atabition and lust of:power. , The leaders and.founders of Protestantism, . Luther, Calvin; Zwinglius, &0., were', notorious 'for thoir vices. - . . '. Among' Protestants the most effcotual means of sanctiiicdtion have disappeared — abstinence, .fasting, mortification, confession, communion, \- &o.; Bqth- the Greek schism and Protestantism have rather, ohstruoted than promoted true civiliaation- .The firat has brought despotism upon the east', the second covered Europc'with blood, and rnine in the sixteenth century, and has ever since been the helper, and instrument of the Worst' foes of .Christianity. It dese- . ' orated the, home, it polluted the nuptial bed, it lowered the dignity of womanhood, it .devastated' -the'1 ''school; and stopped the progress: of Science. In fine, neither Protestants nor Greeks hive shown that: the a'etion' of . the Holy Ghost is with them. No examples of heroic virtue, no qaints in their ranks at all' comparable to (he martyrs and missionaries of the Catholio Church'.; and they have never -been able' to obtain the sanotion of a miracle for their work and th'eir doctrines.'" , _ . . ' . When these words ,were r'cad in the printed 'sermon,1 it '.was., not'" unnatural to suppose that-they. had "-been spoken'; .and that all perrons present must c. liavo heard them: '! In'' that; -case ' the; Governor, the Chief Justice;': and" the, Mayor. of tho oity had heard theii ;(.and seeing that no one rose and left byway.-. "of protest; it was assumed that the persons indicated had seriously com mitted thbmselvesi Etna and Vesuvius are mild compared with the outburst that ensued ; and these eruptions lasted for some time after it had'hecn'dlatinbtly stated that the offensive words Had not been spoken". Eventually .'this announcement to some extent abated pnblio feeling against the persons mentioned ; they were no longer, fcharged' with listening to slanderous' words without .'protesting ; but they- remainbdi'" open' to - tho .aobusation of having-been present, in their publio capacity, to hoar'-.'maes, a thing whioh tho Queen, in her ' publio qapaoity may:not, do ; oven if pri vately. she'jCqiijd and might be present thereat. But - tho 'Vworda remained . in . print, in proof that;thoy had been written"; and in th'emselveR.' they! formed- matter :for grave ohservation.' , _ The '..circumstance' placed Arohbishop Redtrood in a very tight place in two respeota ; onb was that ho had spoken words before . pnq Qf his own congregations whiah be had not tho courage to repeat before a mixed' congregation. The otbor waB that by carelessness or by intention he handed to reporters; for publication, an '.unexpurga(ed copy: 'bf''hi3 sermon.. His first qxplpna> tion wag reported in these .words: ! "I have only . to remark that the passages quoted in the; letter - (whioh had ap- peared -ih: the ' S.1T. . Herald, ..those' given above) were not spoken by me in the course of my, sermon . as delivered < in the cathedral. They were-entirely und purposely omitted in deferencq to the presence of the Governors, as' I was anxious! not- to. introduce any contro versial matter on accpnnt of the ihixed oharacter 'of my . audience ; . but they were included ,in ..the, discourse . as I bad originally writtqn it,' and- as I would have delivered it to .'a ! purely Catholio audience'-in '.other oircumatanoes. I did hot thinklit. hee'esshry to takp'it'qut of the proof sheets which! bonded to' the Press ; ' but, ;as I say, the words eqmplaihed pf wore not iittprpd , by ma in the , cathedral, as is to he seen by thedaily Proas roport.!'. .. . ' - . Arohbishop Rcilwood'sexplanationis; if pos sible, worse than tbo original offence. If para- . phrased, his explanation' is, - " I delivered' a - sermon before oho ' of my' own 'oongrogationB which I had, not tho pourage to, doliver beforo A mixed oongregation. . But,, although i dhrod not utter, those o&ensivcj; words' before persons who might' have" ' risen from . their seats .'.'and Withdrawn front tho congregation, I did not shrink from, publlahinj; them, in a peat daily newspaper, '.where first t of all' they miglit instantly lcad persons to suppose that. I had spoken'them ; and that:whon disillusioned on that minor pomt therC would, remain the cer- tainrof an' uproar byProtestants that suoh things should be'said:ahoUt the founders of Protrafiiiitism' 'and fPrbteatant . systems- Of: course, ' as I; do'-'not'livo in this e6untr7,' the storm ' will 1 hot ' affcot : me." -Arohbishop Redwood has left without, adding .to that explanation'; .and hthoroforo. has. left- 'his case < exactly - as - we .- have . 'stated ' it. .Any comment . needed .might he offered' by a ohild. "Why do the olergy onltivate the use of the most opprobrious ol- terms and expres sions ?. Thoir command, of' « ewear words " might make them ohjcots.of ehvy, in Billings gate.. ' Since, their people are inevitably inter- associated in all conditions, and farms of social life, why should they he set against each other? They form the ;most einpere and enjoyable of friendships ; why should they be disturbed by' tho ohreps 6f ' priests ' and parsons?. One knows - that this sort of thing is. done by the olorgy of all ohurohes. If their flocks heeded them pandemonium would pre vail. : The 'people are bettor than r-tbeir pastors; because' they are less seotariau. All sincere souls havo ' a ' common faith ; each sect with addenda peculiar to itself. A.Roman Catholic's belief in the in;' fallibility of the Pope doss ' not affect tho oommion faith of persons who believe in the- divinity of Jesus. A Jew's non-acceptance of Christ's- divinity does' ' not affect the uni versal belief in God, Let each enjoy his own faith.' , . . And, what God, gave Arohbishop Red- , wood . authority to curse all Protestants, or- th'eir systems ? , The non-churchman' takes the liberty to say. that all this sort of. thing is a'dreadfhl.oaricature on Christ, who lived and died for righteousness aqd peace, or, that if it is done by His authority, then did He lire for . disastrous ends, and die. a well-deserved death; His eminence Cardinal Moran has made the matter- worse by denying the essential part of what Arohbishop Redwood dared not say when preaching, hat ventured to say in print. Tho latter said that he was not speaking of persons but of systems ; and he specially mentioned tho Greek Church and Protestantism. : These are his iptistima verba, " I speak not of individuals, but of systems.'' And referring to Protestantism ho said, "it desecrated the home, ' it polluted tho nuptial bed, , it lowered the dignity of womanhood, it devastated tho eohool, and stopped the pro gress '.of,. -soienoe." ' Of what use is it for Cardinal : Moron, .to .say that his " venerable friend was not referring : to Protestants "? And Surely Cardinal Moron did not.' bring out. those : old stories about " polygamy withont knowing that equally well authentic '. and much more dis gusting stories are told of popes and priests. Bat te what end" is it all.said ? And why.'say it in connection, with, tho consecration of a beautiful church . ; and in connection with a gathering composed of all classes of persons, a gathering specially comprising ohief magis trates and citizens ?',,' Archbishop, Redwood may be a venerable, . but .he. must be a , very foolish . man ;' and instead of hiajiaving raised only " a storm in a teaouo," as - it ' is put by. Cardinal Moron, it will be found' that he- has raised an evil ' spirit , that will not be "laid" for a long time to come. .It is an 'unslihstantiated slander to" say, that Protestantism !produccs immorality, and the man who says so, ".is. for that reason," and to .that extent; himself immoral. 