[?] . all bights reserved. pmatfioW ' Cannot Baj. CHATTER XI. — Comtxded. ;J". i hope you may, and I believe you will be. Here is the carriage. Let us go in. I supposq Mr. Savile is ready. »£rr Nothing proved to me his mother's K complete restoration so much as her 8&C;" speech about him. 'Let him go away gfc- wiui you, Mr. Kawson. she said; it he travels about with us he will only |"4 - be an additional responsibility to Miss gi£. Desmond. Richard is incapable of tak- Ipg'' |ng -care of ltlmsclf.' She is marvel- . .pusly toned down by suffering and Egf; /sympathy; but we cannot expect the Ethiopian to change his skin, nor the jte;;i(®!u-d his spots altogether, though fefj /iSs may become a shade lighter and the jjfeprother have fewer marks." Sfe-' It was with a thankful heart that J5DHpe Desmond found herself and her »;harge safely housed in the Stafford HBRgpraro mansion... Mrs. Seville bore the ®.:j6urney well— Indeed, Jotter than her xtmpanion, whose' pole cheeks end., MuiIinnpnVo Wp-rrrh r < ' usual medical attend- or rather the medical attendant if the household, for the wiry woman 'carcely knew what iudlsposltion noant awaited her arrival and no ticed ifiss Desmond's looks. "If I might offer advice unasked, I I'ould recommend a tonic and some lays' complete repose to this young 'ady/' said the polite practitioner. "It seems to me that her nervous system somewhat overstrained." "She shall do as you direct," return ed Mrs. Saviile, with her usual decis ion. "1 will look to her myself. She has braved horrible infection for me, and lias had a Jarepe share in saving my life; therefore I value hers beyond everyone V» except of course my sons Yes, you look frightfully ill, Hope. I cannot, have this.'' "Perhaps if I went to Miss Rawson for a few days," said Gope, with hesi tation, 1 might gather strength soon er. Here I shall always want to be up and about." "You shall be nursed in no other house than this; so. doctor, send lu your prescription so«n. As for me, I want nothing but good food and OC- cupalion." "You. are indeed marvellously- well and strong, considering what an ill ness you have gone through. We have row every n a son to hope that you will be spared to your family and friends for many years." "Much my family and friends care about that special mercy," returned Mrs. Saville, with one of her ironical smiles. Good morning, doctor." And the doctor bowed himself out. "Thank God, he is gone; I am dying to read my letters," cried Mrs. Savllle. "Here is a thick one from Mr. Itaw- con." She opened it. and then, grow ing rather white, exclaimed, "Why, it encloses one from Hugh, This she read eagerly, and then reperused It. "Ah, if I cou'.d believe he cares for me." she said, at length. "The letter is like himself, tender yet obstinate. He will be there nearly as soon as this," she went on, her small, thin fingers closing tightly , on the paper. "He implores me to let him see his mother's face once more — the mother he has been so sear losing. Rawson has evidently told him of my illness. He r-confesseE I had a right to be angry! rfcoav.cttoa-"Ul»t''43 PBiy%nfe well and wisely In securing hjMtigweetest.-wlfe man could have."' H' "You will see him, dear- Mrs Sa- . vUt> ?" cried Hope, with white, parch ed lips. "You -were so good as to think I was of use to you; if you would amp ly repay me, see your son— let trim Plead for his wife.- They are married, you cannot separate them, and if she :is a true woman it will break her heart to know that she has parted mother and son. It is in our power .to confer 'such happiness." "I will receive my son. As to his wife, I cannot say what I shall do. I igave Rawson directions to hare her watched; It was a shabby thlnff to do, but I did it. Be has had her ctaeely shadowed, but she has been absolutely well conducted. Still, If it Is in my power to eonf-r much happi ness It wss in hers to create- much mittry, and she did it ! "Why, Hope, what is the matter ? Are you ill ?" Hope felt back in her chair so deadly while and motiontee?, that Mrs. Sa-ville V. was terror-struck. She rang violently, . and rushing to the fainting girl, began to rub her cold hands. "Bring water, wine ! send Jesaop ! call back i he doctor !" she cried, in . great agitation, to the astonish d but ler. who had never before seen his im perious mistress so moved. , . 'The doctor has Just driven off, 'm: but I will send Jessop.' Soon the lady's-maid, the butler, and the housekeeper were trying to bring ii|gMtss Desmond back to I.'fe. "When she BaSfd open her eyes they co'ugitt Mrs. MhSayllle'e; . she . smiled and feeby. put . Ptiwm'SheYhad-tjetter'be attVP'Stefrs."" _ ../SKSai'Tvalk duite well; ht -least In ' -eWiniiio1— Eh: murmured Hope. .'Jcsc© will Dclli tnc." j' tn-tius'Bcpe was relega'-ed to her own 'ixbbm,-.»vhere Mrs. Saville insisted she '"'SMiSbmatii all the next day. "Won- relate, that lady spent most \--ivt iifat- lier hed-ido. reading or knlt- either spoke much, yet they iiaii eceitcln comfort iu tiie companlon- ;-V' iii.p. -.Ma,:, ita v. ro:i ta lcr, and wtm "bcliiiltti'd Jurjug Mrs. Savlile's absence, -ane v, enc fox a' short atratg. ;r which she cous.dered essential for her " -ocvn hcalLh. . 'V:4:r.?ihat: Aope explained that she must '.-v in esin t " get use her. hospitable ;.4"hen tticy -talked long : JnUdeiiliaily. and Miss Rawson ( took charge of a couple of letters when she bade her young friend good-bye. It was then established that Miss Desmond was not to appear tin lunch- con time, Mrs. Saville being content to read the p.apcrs herself. The doc tor was' not quite satisfied; his young patient did not recover strength or tone; she was depressed and nervous, averse from food, sleepkss. Some complete change to a bracing place might be necessary. Mrs. Saville, who was deeply concerned, went eagerly into the question of localities, but H(.j>3 implored, almost piteously, not to be sent away. It was tbe end of September, and L( ndon was at its emptiest; Mrs. Sa- v Hie was therefore spared the visits and kind inquiries ot her kinsfolk and acquaintance. She was ill at case fiom anxiety concerning Hope. All that was kindly and grateful in her strong nature had bees drawn forth by the desolate orphan girl who had tit. spirit to withstand her hitherto ur, desisted tyranny and the perception to appeal to the better self which lay beneath it. So Mrs. Saville sat by herself, think ing deeply of her past, her present, and the possible future one warm, rainy morning. "Horrid weather for licpe." she thought, "impossible for nerves to" get right under such skyey Influence." Yes, she must get Hope out of town.. How desolate her. - life would- be without that, girl ! and she herself to accept Hugh's. wife, she- would probably turn out a thorn in their side and keep her and her son apart. Ilere the old butler, with a beaming face, announced, "Mr. Hugh, ma'am,' and her son entered. How well, how distinguished, he looked ! his strong face deeply embrowned, his fine eyes looking eager yet soft. "Hugh !" cried Mrs. Saville, rising, and trembling rrom head to foot. "'My dear mother J" he returned, ten derly, with a slight hoarseness of warm emotion, and he clasped her In his arms, kissing her affectionately. "Are you indeed safe and well ?" "My son ! you have nearly broken my heart !" Her tones told him he was already half forgiven. "Ravi-son told me this morning. Just now, that I might venture to call You must forgive me, mother. I know I deserved your anger, and this I re gret. I only want you to let me come ami see you sometimes, and I will trouble you no more. I can fight for mo own hand; and you must accept my innocent wife, too." "It will be a hard task, Hugh. I am a prejudiced woman, and my pre judices are strong against her." "I think they will melt when you see her, mother." "J doubt it," Mrs. Saville was begin ning. when the door opened, and Hope Desmond walked slowly into the room. She seemed very pale and fragile in her simple black dress. No sooner had she caught sight of Hugh than her cheeks flushed, her great brown eyes lit up with a look half Joy, half terror, and her lips parted with a slight cry. Ilugh Saville sprang forward, ex claiming, "My own love ! my own dar ling wife!" and folded her in a raptur- ous embrace, kissing her hair, her eyes, her lips, forgetful of everything else. Mrs. Saville again rose from her chair, and stood petrified. At last Hope disentangled herself from her husband's arms, and, crossing to where her mother-in-law stood, said, brokenly, "Can you forgive Be for the deceit I have practiced ? Can you have patience to hear my explana tion T' "I am bewildered," cried Mrs. Saville, looking from one to another. "Is Hope Desmond your wife, Hugh ?" "She is 1 Can you not forgive me new ?" said Hugh advancing to sup port Hope's trembling form by pass ing bis arm around her. "It is incredible 1 How did you come to impose upon me in this way ?" "I will tell you ail," . Hope began, when she was interrupted by a mess age which the butler brought from Mr. Raweon requesting to be admitted. "Show him up; he is a party to the fraud," said Mrs. Saville, sternly. Hugh drew his wife closer to him as Mr. Rawson entered looking radiant. "I (rust you do not consider me an intruder," he said. "You come Just when you are want ed. I feel my brain turning," returned Mrs. Eavjile. "If you will listen," urged Hope with clasped hands. "Yes. pray hear Mrs. Hugh Saville," said Mr. Rawson. Mrs. Saville turned a startled look ujMJn him. and Hope went on : "When I came to this good friend, who of- fued me the shelter of his house so scon as lie found I was the niece of his old rector, I was in despair. I began to realize the mistake, the dis obedience. that Hugh had been guilty of. I had yielded too readily to the temptation of spending my life with him. I felt that I was ..the cause of h's troubles, .and T was overwhelmed, iqihe tibtloitgef a'buraen laiMl ah'titr- Flarie. Then I heard Mri -Rawson ti-taz of -finding a companion for Mrs. . fcrvi.le, and the thought. came to the of being that companion, and -perhaps . .winning her affection for myself and rettoration Xorhlur." A sudden sob interrupted her; then, with art effort. she went on: 'iMr.'Rawson was start le: at the Idea, but b s daughter at o: ce took it up, and, after some dis cussion, it was agreed that I; should n.ake the desperate attempt. I was . tlifcTefore introduced to you by two of my names— Hope Desmond; I was call ed Katherine Hope Desmond after -my mother, who was -Uncle Desmond's only sister. How I had courage to brave tick an experience I . cannot now .nd.retar.d, for my heart." — she press- d her hands against 'her bosom, end -» ngaging herself, made a -step hear- er her mother-in-law—' "seems to flut ter and fail me. But the desire to re trieve the wrong I had wrought sus tained ma I did not tell Hugh what I had undertaken until I had been some weeks with you. . He was much alarmed, and begged me not to risk . too much— to leave as soon as I could if the strain wan too great; but he did not forbid me to stay. So I stayed. How dreadful the beginning was ! Yet, though you were "cold and stem. I could bear it, for you are t,n s-tiong ' to be suspicious, or pettj, or narrow, and I dared not let myself fear ycu: and then— I grew to know you . had a heart. That is wfiat makes this moment so terrible. I fesr your dis approval more than your displeasure Now, can you, will you forgive me 7" Mrs. Saville was silent; her brows were knit, her eyes downcast; yet Hope dared to take the small handwhltdi " lay on the arm of the chair Mre. Sa ville did not draw it away. The lock ers held their breath. Then she drew Hope's to her and gently stroked it, "I think," she said, slowly." that you arc the only creature that ever under stood me. I forgive your husband, and accept you — not because his disobedi ence is pardonable, but because, when I came back from the Jaws ot death, the first, sight that met my eyes were your tears of Joy at my recovery. Yet, had I died intestate, you and your hus band would have -been far. beltej; off : than you will be; and you knew it. You . "Mother," cried Hugh Savllie. in a tone of wounded feeling, "I always loved -you as much as you wohld let ' jnc." I "Perhaps you did. I believe poll did," salt! his mother. . Hope had sunk on her knees atid kissed the hands which held hers, then ht; head fell forward, and Hugh sprang forward to lift her. "She is quite ovcroden." he exclaim- cd. almost indignantly. "She Is but a ghost of her former self." And he placed her In an easy chair, where she lay with closed eyes. "Happiness will be a rapid restora tive." said Airs. Saville kindly. "Now, what punnshment is to be dealt out to j you, traitor that you are ?" sSe con tinued. turning "to Mr. Rawson. I de grade you from the high office of my chief adviser ? 1 must hold a council, and the council-board shall be my d:rner-table. Bring your daughter to dinner this evening, and we shall settle many matters ? And Hope, if you feel equal to the task, write to Richard, im iting him to dinner to meet his new sirler-in-law." "Very few fellows have so good a right to be proud of a wife, as I have," cried Hugh, exultingly. "Our old naval stories of desperate cutting-out exploits are poor compared to the enduring courage that upheld Ifate, as X al ways call her, though the long strain of her bold undertaking." "She has enlightened me, at all events," said Mrs. Saville. "Now go away to the drawing-Toom and have your talk out. The doctor insists that a complete change is necessary for Hope's recovery; so take your wife away to-morrow for your long-delay- . ed honey-moon. But, remember, when ever you are pursung your profession on the high seas, X claim the companion ship, Mr. Rawson's pleasant prote gee." , "Dear Mrs. SavlUe, I will be your loving daughter so long as you care to have me near you," cried Hope ; and, no longer hesitating, she folded her formidable mother-in-law In her warm embrace. THE END. ||?t ""CAIf UAJK THE DOCTOll!" HEB MPS PABTBD WITH A SLIGHT CRT. 