CHAPTER XII. \- Eastcote:was a typical Kentish village. It Snestled between two hills, where it lay a dreaming as if in an enchanted valley. The 'streets were irregular, and almost as white as snow. The houses straggled here, there, and everywhere in picturesque confusion. Most of them were covered with trailing creepers, and even the shops had patches of flower-garden under their front windows. The expansive green, with its mighty oak *tree, was in the centre of the village, and beneath its wide-spreading branches, in the drowsy summer evenings, old battles were lost and won by the veterans of Eastcote. Behind the green, and embowered in trees, was the famous old inn, the ' Kings Arms,' a building all nooks and gables. More than once royalty had been entertained at the ' Kin's Arms,' and a hundred and fifty years before the inn had been patronised by acelebrated highwayman. To the villagers at least, the historical importance of East cote increased with every generation. Half-way up the pine-crowded hill, at the base of which the hamlet lay, the church -?gleamed white against the dark background. In the very shadow of the sacred building the Rectory windows peeped through the frees. The pathway from the village to the church ran alongside a purling brook ; the hedgegrows were full of wild-flowers ; the air was always fragrant here. It was very late when Margaret and Jessie reached the nearest station to East cote. The Reverend James Fielding was waiting for them, and the old carriage from the Rectory was in charge of the man-of-all work. A dozen times had he trimmed his lights. It was a serious undertaking to drive seven:miles through the dark lanes at midnight. 'Here we are, father I' Jessie cried; ' How good of you to bring all those wraps. I am shivering with cold I Why, the train must be an hour late I This is my friend, Miss-Mrs Lyndon. Margaret, my dear father I' They were standing under the light of a flickering oi'-1amp, and the flccaor gazed almost compassionately at Margaret. Hoe had heard f. om his daughter of the approach ing marriage, and of the coming parting almost at the altar. ' I hope that you will be happy with us, my dear,' he said. His voice was soft and low, and his mild blue eyes beamed with friendly earnestness. ' Now, John, be lively with the luggage ! We have a long drive before us.' Margaret felt chilly and depressed. Seven long miles in that shaky old brougham ! The coachman grumbled, and the Rector prosed good-naturedly. Jessie, enveloped in wraps, slept peacefully in her corner. ' Eastcote is famous for the beauty of its scenery," Mr. Fielding said. ' There is no approach to level monotony. But you will see for yourself by-and-by, Mrs. Lynden. In the spring, summer, and autunin, there is hartly a more beautiful spot on the face of the earth.' At last it was all over. For twenty minutes the horse had crawled up what must have been a precipitions way ; then the carriage stopped,- and John climbed down from his seat. An oil-lamp, sus pended in a vine-enwreathed portico, shed a sickly light. It swayed to and fro in a dis consolate way, and its beams flickered mournfully in the night wind. Mr. Fielding and his daughter alighted; then Jessie took one of Margaret's hands, saying ' Here we are, dear ! A warm welcome to your new home ! ' They entered a spacious, but low-coiled hall, and thence Jessie hastenened into a cheerful sitting-room, where a bright fire glowed fiercely in a huge old-fashioned grate. 'Take off your things dear,' Jessie said. ' What would you like ? Hot coffee and then to bed ? The table is already laid, you see. Our cook-housekeeper is a gem in her way. She has been with us for twenty five years. I cannot introduce you to my mother until morning.' 'I am rather bewildered at present,' Mar garet replied, with a faint smile, 'and shall be glad to go to my room. A cup of coffee, Jessie, and then I will say " Good-night! "' Jessie busied herself in various ways, and Margaret warmed her chilled hands before the fire. The Rector came in, urbane, smiling. He was very much like his daugh ter ; the kind face was too gentle for a man who has to fight life's battles. He talked about his' boys,' who wore at college, and vaguely wondered for what profession they would be suitable. ' Arthur's tastes are artistic, Mrs. Lynden; indeed, the boy already shows remarkable power of delineation. Did you go to the Academy last year ? No ? I think the best thing there was the "Piazza Novona.' It was painted by an unknown artist, I understand. I will show you some of Arthur's work to-morrow.' ' Beyond the terminus from which we have travelled I have never been to London,' Margaret said. 'Hateful place !' responded the Rector. ' Noise, dirt, and confusion ! Ah, what a pleasure it always is to get home again ! ' It was a relief to Margaret when Jessie brought in the coffee, and a sigh of thank fulness escaped her when at last she was alone in her bed-room. How deathly the silence was ! She missed the thunder of the waves upon the shore. A sweet-toned clock chimed the hour of two; a leaf tapped gently upon the window-pane. The young wife disrobed hastily and crept into bed, and knew noth ing more until some hours later. A bright beam of morning sunlight gleamed upon the wall when she awoke, and, slipping out of bed, Margaret drew up the blind. The scene before her was won- drously beautiful - undulating meadows of intense green, dark plantations, and glitter- ing streams. It seemed that hundreds of birds were chattering noisily in the ivied walls of the church. Margaret had remem- bered that a sitting room had been reserved for her use - a cosy little room downstairs, which would be all her own. She dressed slowly and thoughtfully. How could she occupy her time in this dull place ? It was worse than Hampton-on-the-Sea-a thous and times worse ! Seven miles from a railway station, and no season I The Rec tor had spoken of his library, of carriage drives, and long walks. How could a man be satisfied with such a useless lotus-eating existence ? She went down-stairs, and the cook- house keeper met her in the hall. She-was a prim elderly woman, severe of countenance. `* Miss Jessie is not up yet, ma'am,' she said. ' Will you have breakfast in your own room ? ' 'If you will be so kind,' Margarot replied, gratefully and graciously. ' But I am not sure which is my room. 'This way, ma'am. And you will call me "Ann " please ! My name is Ann Pearson. I've never been married, so I'm plain " Ann" to everybody. My life has been devoted to the Rector and his family, or [ might have been mistress at the " King's Arms." John Hinds, Lord Grey ille's coachman that was, asked me to marry him when hlie took the public-house ; but I loved my place hero the best, and now I hear that lie's married a dressmaker.' Ann laughed scornfully. 'She's too proud to serve behind the bar, save when the Squire's son looks in, or the Doctor. I suppose she fancies shte's in society then ! ' Lord Grovillo ! Whore had Margaret heard that name before ? He must be the father of the Lady NataliceGrovillo of whom Darcy had spoken once or twice. 'The Earl of Greville is lord of the manor,' Ann continued garrulously. 'Ho has a seat here and and another in the West of England. His sister, Lady Natalie, is one of the famous beauties of the day. Oh, I forgot to toll you that there was a letter, MIrs Lyndeon-it's on the table there I 1 I can't call you Mrs. Lyndon all at onco-e you look so young.' MIargaret was pleased with her sitttng- 1 room. It was prettily furnished, and the large bay-window commanded a beautiful view. The walls were hung with small water-colour drawings, and in the corner of each picture sho saw that the name of Arthur Fielding had been inscribed. Two of the drawings were decidedly original, and perhaps clever. One was called 'Idealism,' the other ' Realism.' He was a bit of a genius, this brother of Jessie Fielding's, and Margaret became interested. Ann bronght in her breakfast. It was a ] plain appetising meal of coffee, new milk, new bread, and delicious butter, and the egg ;, the hoiosekeopor assured her, were like cream. Ili another minute Margaret was alone. Now she could enjoy herself in her own way ; at last she real ised the delights of comuplete independence. She glanced at the letter, and shivered a little. It was from her husband ; she know his bold hand-writing. Had he promised to write to her at once ? She was not sure, and a vague feeling of alarm took possess ion of her. Perhaps something i-ad happened -perhaps his regiment had received orders to stay at home ! That would be a calamity -she must have her freedom for a little while ! Margaret poured out her coffee and cracked an egg ; then she turned desperately to the letter-the suspense was too much to bear. She slit the envelope with a table- knife, and read, without a tremor. the fierce burning words of love which had literally burst in a torrent fi'?o the heart of the" man she had married on the day before. ' My darling Margaret-my wife-You have gone out of my life for a little while, and the world is cold and dark-I fihd no consolation anywhere ! If I were a woman I should sob myself to sleep to-night, be cause I have lost so much ; but, as I am not a woman, I can find no relief in tears. Instead I shall live over again the all too brief, the all too happy past, and picture your lovely face'as I have seen it so many times-flushed and radiant with hope. I would that I could say ' love,' and that that love were mine ! How well I remember the day-the hour-when my eyes first dwelt upon you, darling ! It was at the close of a brilliant Sunday in summer after church hours-and I hear the rolling music of the organ even now. Let me quote one of Poe's inspirations ; it suits me exactly S' It was a July evening ; and from out A full-orbed moon, that, like thine own soul soaring, Sought a precipitate pathway up through heaven, 1 Then fell a silvery silken veil of light, With quietude, and sultriness, and slumber, Upon the upturned faces of a thousand Roses that grew in an enchanted garden, Whore no wind dared to stir, unless on tip-toe Fell on the upward faces of these roses That smiled and died in this parterre, en chanted B7 thee, and by the poetry of thy presence .. B Rt now, at length, dear Dian sank from sight Into a western couch of thunder-cloud ; And then a ghost amid the entombing trees Did glide away. Only thine eyes remained ! They would not go-they never yet have gone Lighting my lonely pathway home that night. They have not left me (as my hopes have) since ; They follow me-they lead me through the years They are my ministers-yet I their slave. Their office is to illumine and enkindle My duty to be sved by their bright light, And purified in their electric fire. They fill my fire with beauty (which is hope), And are far up in heaven, the stars I kneel to In the sad silent watches of the night !' I believe that poor misguided Poe knew, as I know, what it is to love. Every word echoes through my soul in fond sympathy. ' Margaret, it seems that we are divided by a boundless ocean, and I am almost tempted to fly to you. A few short months -or never again. I shall go mad if my , thoughts run thus. I anathematised the train that bore you away from me; I was as weak as a child ; I am so now. I want to know if you are happy-if you have a pleasant home. Write to me, my wife, and your letter shall be my talisman until I return. There will just be time for me to receive it, or if this should be delayed, send me a telegram-send me something. 'Good-bye, my Margaret, my beautiful love. By night and by day my dreams will be of you, until I hold you in my arms again. 'DARCY.' Margaret laid the letter beside her plate and shivered; then she carefully put it away. Her first thought had been to destroy it. 'I cannot write,' she thought-'I have nothing to say. I will telegraph that I have arrived at the Rectory, and that all is well.' There was a tap at the door, and Jessie came in, her eyes sparkling, her face beam ing. 'Good morning, dear. How well you are looking ! I am quite ashamed that my guest should be left alone on the very first morn ing after her arrival ! But I really could not help it; I was so tired and sleepy. You have had a letter, Ann told me, and' I can guess whom it is from, poor fellow !' Her voice took a tender infleotion. ' I have also had one-or at least, my father has. It is from my brother Arthur. He is com ing home for good; his education is completed The trouble is, what is he to do in the future ? He wants to stedy art, and that means years of toil, and more money spent upon him. But all such news is of little interest to you.' 'This is your brother's work, is it not ?' Margaret said, pointing to the water-colours ' Ho is very clever.' ' He idealisos too much,' Jessie responded quickly. ' Who over saw a sunset like that ?' she laughed and changed the subject. 'It is a glorious morning, and I want to know your slightest wish, MIargaret. If my absence is preferable to my company, send me away I am your devoted slave !' ' You shall show me the village,' M?argarot said. ' I wish to send a telegram. There seems to be a delicious touch of spring in the air. It is quite delightful to be a per sonage of so much irnmportance ! Now por mit me to finish my breakfast in peace I' Art hour later Margaret made the acquain tance of Mrs Fielding, a handsome old lady, who regarded her critically. ' Yours is a most romantic story, Mrs 1 Lynden,' she said. ' I don't like too much E romance in real life. The most prosaic lives usually turn out the bsst. And you are so young,' she sighed. ' Tell me,' she continued I 'do you feel that your heart is breaking at 1 times ? I am impelled to ask the question I because I remember my own bitter sorrow I when I was about your age. I was not C married, but my lover was sent abroad for j two years. Even now that time constitutes I a black pageo in our history.' '"You need not Waste any sympathy upon me, Mrs Fielding,' Margaret replied coldly. I 'Captain Lyndon and I thoroughlyundor stood each other.' t 'The girl has no heart I' tiho Rector's wife thought ; and she looked pained. 'I will never mention her husbana's name to j her again I - tI Margaret and Jessio wvent out into the clear sunshine. The Rector was in the garden, and he waved his hand genially. The whole of nature appeared to be walk ing into life; the rooks crawed in the elm trees ; the lark sang ecstatically in the air. ' This is all a delusion,' laughed Jessie ' though it is a pleasing one. There will be more dark gusty days and tempestous nights before the spring fairly sets in ; but we will make the most of the present. I have to introduce you to lots of people.' ' I do not desire to know anybody,' Mar garet declared. 'Oh, yes you do, Margaret ! I mean people who are someobodies. You are a per fect aristocrat in; your learnings, petite. And I would have you know that the daughter of a clergyman is privileged at home. The snobs who cut me dead at Hampton-on-the-Sea would simply fawn at my feet hero ! The Earl of Grevillo actually paid me great attention, and I believe that he world have proposed had not my engagement to Tom Tracy been announced. It was really a case of spoons !' 'The Earl is an elderly man, is he not ? ' 'Elderly ? ' Jessie opened her eyes wide. 'I thought that he had a daughter ? ' stammered Margaret. 'A sister,' corrected Jessie-' Lady Na talie. The old Earl has been dead more than a year. The present Earl is a hand some fascinating follow, and enormously rich ! Greville Hall is only four miles dis tant. Now about your telegram. You can write it in the post-office, and a messenger will have to take it to Redland, the nearest telegraphic station. It will cost you five shillings. That is one of the advantages of being rural. Horoe is the post-office:' Margaret made the message as brief as possible. The curious glances of the apple-checked postmaster annoyed her. ' Arrived safely. No time to write.-M.' The man read it aloud several times before being satisfied ; then he had to con sult a ponderous official volume. The des patch of a telegram was not an everyday occurrence at Eastcote, and he had for gotten the exact charges. Margaret could hear Jessie's clear voice talking to some one outside; and a moment later she found her self being introduced to a tall aristocratic young fellow, whose eyes seemed to be riveted on her face. 'I am really charmed to meet you, Mrs. Lyndon,' he said lazily. ' And Miss Field ing informs me that she has returned home permanently. May I do myself the honour of walking with you, or shall I be intrud ing ? ' 'Come with us by all means, Lord Greville,' Jes iie said p-omptly. ' It is not often now that you favour us with your soeiety at the Rectory.' 'I returned from the Riviera only. last week,' the young Earl answered apologet ically, and he coloured faintly. ' Lady Natalie is there still, but I promise faith fully to renew my devotion at the shrine of beauty.' Margaret was conscious of his bold glances, and she blushed crimson. To her the elegant young aristocrat was simply odious. He had completely spoiled her morning's pleasure. ' I will accompany you to the Rectory, Miss Fielding,' Lord Greville continued, Sand invite myself to luncheon with your father. I was really on my way to see him when I met you.' He told the falsehood glibly enough, and Jessie's eyes twinkled ; then, with a feeling of intense annoyance, she saw that his gaze was constantly directed towards Margaret's face. ' Your brother is coming home, is he not ?' he drawled. 'A decidedly clever boy, Miss Fielding-but. it seems a shame that a gentleman should dream of painting for a living ! ' The Rector came out to meet Lord Grov ille, and his lordship lunched at the Rectory. He did not see Mrs Lyndon again that day, but he wormed her romatic story out of Mrs Fielding. [TO DE CONTINUED.] 