THE BOOVAL CHURCH. TO TU EDITOB OF THE QUHENBLAD TwIns. Sm,-I was surprised, and sorry to see the Rev. T. Thateher's ldtter In this morning's paper, and would deprecate any pubili or rEspondenOe of a eontroseralal character upon the matter., . One step,. only. has. been taken since my appolptment to ,Ip cish;. and I am glad that, in the spirit of Chistlian soniliatione, I was led to take it, whether it may lead to a second step or not. I trust it may, qnd shall be glad if it falls to my lot to take afy part in healing wounds that stilIglve pain. For the first time I, in company with the Rev. S. Wright, met Mr. Thatoher on the oosasion he refers to, and the situation was failry con sidered. We explained that with the earlier stages of the Methodist Union movement here we had nothing to do, that we desired to make the best of the situation as we have to do with it, and that, to avoidunnecesseary multiplioation of churohes, we mlght purohase the Booval Church, with a view to removing either that or our Silkstone Church to Dinmors, where the congregation and school have met for a long time in premises not altogether suitable. I emphaeised that I had spoken to no member of the Boosal Churoh on the question-indeed, was not personally acquainted with one of them. The interview was entirely of a friendly nature, and Mr. Thatcher promised to lay before the trustees, or quarterly meeting, any written statement I might send. The following is my letter: " Dear Sir and Brothlber,-I am desirous of olosing the century with as complete a ietho. diet Union as we can command, and with that in view interviewed you recently. Will you please take steps to aseaertaln whether your people here and elsewhere would respond to my conciliatory approaches in the matter of yeour obureh at Booval. As I told you, I have not mentioned the matter to.any one ,of your people here, and firs su bmit this preliminary question to you as the minister in eharge. If there is any disposition to respond, I would promise your people our best attention, and we eoold take over the church, with whatever liebility there may he upen it. That (price. &e.;) could be erraeu'rd in all itB detaile. Will you be good enough tH drop me a Ifew liner a0 early as cnenveient \Vith Cheitian rega ds, I am yeour truly, W. H TIInjuasN." Mr. Thatcheb r repli'a under d..,. lleobcr 4th, ns follows:- " IMy Dear Sir,-I hoer Ilidl your ecquest before Lb Irutrcesr of oelr B eovl Church. They reciprocate the cindly fehling cxprecd in yolur letter, but eonaidLr that the deep wounds inflicted by your predeconecr arc 'o recent and of such a painful nature that time alono can heal. We may aesist the process of healinog by urging our peopld to eek the h baptism of thu Holy Ghost.' With kind regardejl remain your reepeotlully, Ttnue. ToATcuEn." The cilicere of this united Methodist circuit received the report of this correepondence with manifeost pleasure, and I still hope for a result that will glhdden all concernted. But, in any case, I am resolved that by no act or word of mine shall any breach be made the wider, and that to the utmost of ny power I will strive to promoteench relations with the Mlethodists at Booval, and with all other Evangelical Churches, as will tend to the ultimate fulfil mento our Saviour'sa prayer for the unity of all His followers. Teounrs &o.;, W. H. ISHARRISON. October 18. 