The Volt's Mouth. CHAPTER XXVII. THE nOUK OF VENGEANCE. Mr. de Burgh lay alone in her gorgeous bedroom, her glittering black oyes full of com placency. With Riclinrd's daughter safely imprisoned upstairs it would go hard if he wero not entrapped, and »once Hugo's hand was on him, it would not lio lightly. Tho cripple smiled as she thought how tho truo owner of Castle de Burgh had been bo long unsuspected in thoir very house ; yet her smilo was not quite easy. ' She's better stuff than Moyra' — hor fore head wrinkling — ' but, bah ! she's all the moro dangerous !' And her uncanny smile came back as sho thought how a very fow days moi'e in the tower coom would mako Richard's daughter give in to any terms. Voices came low and muffled from Gilbert's room ; but the invalid hoard thom without curiosity. Sho did not even wish to be near her ' ventilator.' Hugo had scoffcd at it that vory aftornoon as a.usoless toy. ' That's only becauso I novor told you of it,' she had retorted. ' Toy or no toy, I know through it what went on in the house when you wero away amusing yoursolf !' ' Hugo !' sho said quickly. Strangly enough as hor thoughts ran on her ' ventilator,' it HGomed to her that sho heard somo ono onon it. 'Hugo!' Her voice returned to her from tho empty rooms. A bell-rope lay on tho bed, and with a chill of superstitious fear the invalid movod hor olawliko hand to press it. ThiB. silence, this loneliness, wero somohow torrifying. Matthews must come at once ! As sho fumbled for tho cord, something mado hor raise hor eyes. In vory terror of death, sho dropped tho boll-ropo that might havo saved hor; panic 'stricken, helpless, she screamed,, her voice hoarse and wild, as a woman's in torturo. For tho hour of vongeance was on her ! Undrcaded, unsuspected, it had oomo,1 And Alicia do Burgh must faco it alone, with no ono to stand botwoon hor and tho hand of lieavon. Was it a ghost or a living man who stood looking at her fx*om tho doorway into tho sitting room? Palo, stern, aged by far moro than tho score of years that hnd passed sinco sho looked upon his face, Richard do Burgh confronted hor ! The figure that had been so straight and tall was bowod a littlo ; the oyos — Alicia shuddering, saw tho samo look of scorn that had beon in thoso oyos tho day that sho, Alicia Lloyd, had fallen at this man's feet, aud told him sho loved him beyond all tho world. Thoy had beon pitiless thon, as ho raised hor and put hor away from him. Thoy woro more pitiless now; sinco sho had rovongod horsolf on him by ruining his lifo. , Was it in vain that slio had .miiiTiod his father, oustod Richard, tricked him into a living gravo P It must bo, sinoo he had escaped from it in spito of hor ; for this was no ghost, but tho man himself. Cold drops of torror stood on hor forehead ; hor lips tried vainly to form an articulato word. Richard do Burgli'droppod tho curtain ho lmd boon holding asido. ' It is I, Alicia !' Tho voico sho 'lmd not heard for years, oxcopt in hor dreams, was moroiloss. With incrodiblo quickness ho was beside her and hnd put tho boll-ropo fai1 from hor enfeebled grasp. ' Hugo !' Hor voico broko as sho triod to call. ' Ho has gono out I It is usoloss to call him,' Ho drew a chair, oloso to,, hor. 'Listen!' ho said. 'I carno to this houso to-night, partly to soo you, partly for another roason ! L mot no ono ; I oamo straight to your sitting, room , but it was ompty. As I stood looking round it, I heard somoono com ing and I went into tho conservatory quiolcly — as;you did tho night my fathor died.' Pascinatod; sho lay staring at him, and in dull silonco lot him go on. ' l watched from tho dark conservatory — as you did ! I snw Hugo como in and opon a door in tho wall. It sbowod ' nothing but anothor wall, yet I hoard plainly, as if 'I woro in. tho noxt room, my own name, in Gilbert's voioo— ?' 'Richard told' mo, this aftornoon at Glon Farm,' ' ho said. ' You saw Gilborfc !'?' hor scorn and liatrod of lior youngor son loapad out oven now, ' Ho know whoro you woro P Oh ! tho sonso Iosb traitor!' 1 1 ' Stop, aud hoar mo out !' Btornly. ' It is not for you to oall any ono traitor. What ?woro you, whon you fnstonod your orimo on my lioad ; whon you killed tlio old man whoso only sin .was that his lovo woariod' you P' His voico roso a littlo, aud slio qunilod. Bohincl tho hangings Jocolyn gripped Hunt loy's arm.' ? ' You hoar P' sho, whisporod. Ho'nodclod, stupefied. Ho waited for a donial from Mrs. do Burgh, but sho only gaspod for broath,'hor lioad rolling from sido to sido 011 hor satin pillow. ' Riohord told mo at Glon Farm,' ''tho man ropoatod. 'That wns what Hugo hoard as. woU'ns X, , ' f or , 'ho' turnod, away, from that .shallow; roooss and liurriod out. You must ihavo. iioard liirn, for you.oallod his namo.' Ho was gono, though ; no 0110 hoard you 'but I, Aucl: now, yon may.oaU him an .muoh as you lilcoj' by tills timo ho is half way to Glon Farm, |look|ng for 1x10.' : ' How daro y,ou oomo horo P' slio broko '.out fiorooly. 'Hugo may bo gono, but:'do you think' tho sorvanta will not oomo if I call P What will you do then, a lunatic, a con demned criminal, found threatening a helpless cripple P' ' I have not yet threatened you, Alicia,' his hard voice quieted her with a new terror. ' But I do not mean to let you call. And do you think I havo forgotten your ways P Your maid dare not como till yon ring for her — and I don't think you will ring,' with a glance at tho bell-rope that was out of her reach. ' No one else, I think, will disturb you, since Hugo is out,' 'He will be back,' she retorted, but she stopped with sudden cunning. At any price she must keep Richard till Hugo did como back. Ho would bo ruined then ! ' He will be back — but not in time !' He rose, bent over her, and bIxo could not even recoil in the fright that sickened her. Like a helpless log she lay in her gorgeous bed, among the possessions Bhe had sinned that her sons might own. Sho closed her eyes that sho might not see the face she had loved and then hated, till sho sold her soul to pay for the scorn bIxo had seen thero. ' Aro you going to kill mo P' she whis pered, ' It waB not I who murdered an old man,'' ho returned slowly. ' Yet to-night I could almost find it in my heart, for I owe you an other debt than my own, Alicia. What have yon done with my daughter P' The sudden question relaxed the tension of hor fright a little ; she opened her eyes and met his with her old arrogance. ' What do I know of your daughter P I did not even know you owned to her !' with the insolent sneer Jocolyn had dreaded j bxxt it died in deadly torror. Then she gave the Bhriek that Jocelyn had heard, but like lightning an iron hand was over hor mouth. ' Be quiet, and answer me!' he ordered, ' Scream, and you will answer mo still ; if I kill you, I will havo the truth out of you. My daughter Jooolyn came horo by accident to bo your companion ; sho found mo out and I her, before you dreamed of danger. To-day Gilbert told me you and Hugo had turned her out, without money, at night. Told mo, too, that sho had novor been seen sinco. What havo you done with her?' Merciless, oven as Alicia had been in hex day, ho loaned over her. ' How do I know whoro sho wont p' Icy coldi beads started on her forehead. ' Sho was a spy — — ' ' What woro you for years but a spy on mo P' ho retorted. ' If you lio to mo now, you will make mo forget you aro a woman and a cripple. Tho girl is in the house, and I will havo her.' ' Have her, then ! Go, look for hor !' the cripple screamed, knowing woll that tho key was with H«go, tho doors too heavy to force. ' But you had better go to London and look thoro. The girl is like hor mother, she will novor starve.' But sho had gono too far. ' You told that lio often enoxxgh ; you shall novor toll it again,' tho veins standing out on his forehead. ' When I came hero I meant to have moroy on you — now — where is the girl P' His voico rose till it Hoomod to thunder in licr oars; sho closed lior oyes not to see his that wore filled with sombro firo, cold, significant. Was ho going to kill- hor? She folt his hand on lxor sliouldor. ? ' Neither saw tho hangings parted, nor saw that of the two figures behind tliom only ono ontored. Jocolyn, sick lost ho had indeod for gotten that his enemy was helpless, caught Richard de Burgh by tlio arm. 'Father!' a strango figure in her dusty gown with lior faco wan with oxcitoment and weariness, hor blood- stained liaudkorchiof still bound round her cut hand, sho stood clutching him. ' Oh, fathor, novor mind her ! Sho hasn't hurt me. I'm horo,' Huntloy, standing behind the curtain turnod away. Ho was looking on what was no business of his. No ono had any right to staro at fathor and daughter now, as thoy stood clinging to ono another, tho maix's faco radiant, xxnbolioving, rb- ho caught hor to him. ' Whoro havo you boon P What havo they done to you P' do Burgh cried, oatching sight of bor. bandagod hand. 'Nothing! Thoy didn't hurt mo. 1 did that myself.' She spoko quiotly, but ;lxo could fool how wearily sho loaned on him. ' But you wore right. I wns here all the time.' 'My littlo girl!' lio shid, vory pitifully. ' My littlo girl I' But slio had turnod a littlo away from him ; sho leanod on him still, but hor gx'oat oyes woro fixed on Alicia, whoro sho watched thorn waiting hor chanco to shriek till sho mado tho castlo ring. ' You know !' with-her blood-stained hand sho poiatod straight at tho malignant oripplo. ' You lay horo that night and protondod to bo frightened ; you sont mo to .follow your son to what might havo beon my grave.', , ' I know nothing about you !' coolly, for tlio terror of doatlx had gono from hor. Rioliard would not kill her boforo tho girl. Sho- was bravo, and sho calculated now how long must puss till Hugo could bo bnok. She must koop hor talking till liocamo. ' I know nothing -about you. You wore dismissed^ you ohoso to disappoar at once. Now you ' como baok and say you aro tho daughter of this man ! It is all of a pioeo — Miss Brown,' with stinging after-thought. V You talk nonsonso, Alioia. Tho girl is my daughter, and you know it,' hor stopsoh said Btornly. 'As for that I will prove it to' yon — with othor things— in .a minute. Toll mo what you mean, Jocolyn, about your following Hugo?' His faco hardened as ho hoard. Though ho, said nothing that siokoning torror that was worso than death como baok to Alicia's lionrt. ' Bah !' she thought, struggling against.it, :' I10 can't provo his inarriago. If thoro woro proofs I should havo found thom.' — ' Woll,' sho said aloud, mspingly,' 'your proofs— whoro aro thoy P'; Rioliard do Burgh moved . quiolty ? to tho tho sitting room door. As ho disappeared n sudden impulso of dosporato pity for ' tho woman in tlio gorgoo'us bod oamo ovor Jooolyn. ,' Oh, toll !' sho implored, ' with streaming oyos. , V Confoss you did it. Clear bim, and wo will say nothing to tho outsido world—'. ? Alioia laughed. ' Youlittlofool !' sho oried, contempt, ixously, ' do you think I foar you and your oranv fathor P' Jooolyn 1 covorod hor fnoo with' hor hands. Olx I if only slid could run from this room whoro tho lights shono on tho glittoring trinkots,. tho , wizoned droadfnt figuro in tho brooade-hung bod. : , ? ! In woalcnosB|,nnd despair slxo stood with oovorod faoo,*fiud did not sop that hor, fathor lod in: a woman, whoso old' bonnot and purplo shawl wore strangoly1 incongruous fix tho luxurious room. u My proofs are hero !' Richard do Burgh stepped back, and tho new-comer stood looking at Alicia for the first time in nineteen years, ' Martha!' she gasped, ' Martha Hewitt.' Jocelyn's hands dropped from her face ; she ran to tho old woman and would have kissed her but Martha, with a strange, rough dignity put her by, ' Not now, Miss Jocelyn ! There's no timo for you and mo, 'Tis Mrs de Bux-gh I've come to speak with.' Alicia's eyes woro shut, her fingers clawed tho coverlet. If Martha Hewitt dax'ed to como and witness on Richard's side, tbe nooso was round her own neck ; the property lost to her sons and her blood foi'ever. ' Eh ! but you're changed.' At Martha's voico Alicia ground her teeth. Oh ! where was Hugo P — even Gilbert p Would neither come to Bave her P Sho kept hor eyes closed that she might not see tho woman whom once she had terrorized. ' Changed ! but I'd havo known you any where, though you're not tho fine, upstanding lady yon wore whon you deceived mo into lotting Mr. Richard be taken. If I'd known that night what I know now, 'tis not ho that would have spont these years in prison.' A faint cry of agony camo from Alicia's whito lips; sickened, Jocolyn turned away. But there was no pity in Martha Hewitt. ' Ay ! m'm, you cry out now that your sin's coming homo to you. But what about tho black sin of holding my tongue that you put on mo for these nineteen years ? What about tho mother that died in poverty and sorrow P Tho child you'd havo loft to starve, that would havo starved, but for me, a poor servant, and Miss Barry that took us both in for pity of the poor young thing she saw die. 'Twns tho shock, the boliof that he — pointing to Richard — ' tlio husband sho loved was a cruel murderer that killed hor. Her death is on your head, Mrs. do Burgh ! Heaven for givo mo, on mine ! For I had not sense to know the truth, and comfort hor. Thero was small comfort for any of us but you in thoso days. You lay warm in your bed, whilo Mr. Richard was condemned by your lies ; wliilo his wife, his child and mo camo near to Btarv ing.' ' I never knew ho had a wifo, ' tho strango hollow voico was altered indeed from Alicia's. ' You know well enough,' Martha retorted. 'Tho old man told you — told you that night in your sitting room that Richard had a wifo and child, and ho . would never loavo tho property away fi'om thom. That was what maddenod you to — what you did ! I heard all ho said, in hero, filling tho hot water cans. But I tliought thon he was still talking to Mi'. Richard.' ' So I10 was,'. . . ' Ho was talking to you !' Martha's face was full of tho dignity of truth. ' Mr. Rioliard, had gono. Oh, Mrs. do Burgh, I know it all now ! If I'd not boon a simplo fool of a sorvant woman, novor used to thinking for box-self, grown just to a machine for oboying your ordoi-s, I'd havo known it then.' Sho camo nearer to tho bod ; wrinkled, earnest, torriblo, sho towered ovor tho woman whoso sins had brought her low. ' I ran in that night, I caught tho old man by tho wrist,' tho oven, low voico thrillod its liearors with, tragedy, tho humblo old woman ?ivas grand as , slio spoko out for tho righting of tho wronged. ' I know now who struck mo on tho wrist till I dropped him ; I know now how you slipped out through tho curtain as Mr. Richard got to my side. And you, standing in tho middle of tho room, struck tho light that showod him to mo. And I moan to go and toll it, if need bo, bofoi'o tho lxighost in tho land. ' I'll hold liiy tonguo no more, and soo tho innocont punished for tho guilty 1' (To be continued.) 