THE SCOUBCE OF COD. AN INDIAN HORROR. (A. fc'arath Kumar Ghosh, In the "Dally Express," July 12.) At this moment, from the banks of the Godavery Jo tho waters of the SutledJ, alt India Is a desert, Sixty millions of peo ple, as lurge u number as would twice 011 England and Wales, nre raked with me pangs of hunger; six millions would die to-morrow but for ft handful of rice. How many more have paascd away beyond the reach of human nld, no man can toll. In Central India the affliction is the deepest. The fields are void and barren, and with out people. The cracked earth, burnt to a mahogany brown, shrieks for rain. Not a patch of green anywhere, not a blade of grass. The loaves of the .trees, with ered. frizzled, twisted, lmve fallen off tha naked branches. In entire villages not a living soul can lie seen, rave, perhaps, an emaciated bullock breathing out Its life In the company of a sturvlng crow, that watches for Its last gasp from an adja cent dung-heap. Half the population, those still able lo wnlls or stand, havo gone off to the relief ramps; tins other half have laid themselves down to die tn sil ence In hoveLs and dark placet. The scenes In the camp are grim and tragic. From one thousand to ffvc thou sand arc gathered together in different places— a multitude of skin und hones, nnd hollow, glassy eyes. The flesh on any of thum would not cover the l>ody of an average English babe. Their emaciated faces bear tbc expression of abysmal de- pair, intensified n hundredfold by . con trast with the look of Intelligence and even of refinement lii those not so far gone in starvation. Little children, who have come with their mothers Into the camp, stand with large lustreless eyes, watching the hungry, mangy curs, that, too, have followed In tho wnke of the population— nnd they fight with the curs to snatch a imlf-eaten crust. The u&ual; labor in the camp Is breaking stones; the pay. an anna (penny) a day. A large heap, comprising a dozen big rocks, the largest half a hundredweight, Is a man's allotted task; a lesser heap, a woman's ; half a man's heap is a child's. And these stones have to be broken up so small as lo make macadam roads. A traveller was passing by the camp, a sturdy young Englishman. He noticed a man sitting before his unbroken heap, with his arms thrown dejectedly over hi:? knees. A few yards off was u girl of eight, ineffectually tapping a cobble stone with a small mallet. The traveller took in the situation, and usked the man for his hammer. The linif-.starved crea ture's hnnds trembled weakly in merely raising the hammer, nnd the young Eng lishman, athlete though he was, essayed a dozen vigorous blows before he could split (he rock. But he stayed an hour, and broke up (he min's heap und the girl's. And now a new terror was added to the .sufferings of tho multitude. 8o far they had water lo drink; now the shallow v.elD, dug with spades and mattocks, had yielded up their last drop. The camp hud no sclcntlllc apparatus for boring d-jcp ar tesian wells. And the heat was terrific ; 150 deg. in the sun. The sun was a ball of fire In a sky of copper. The thirsty mul titude gazed upwards with lolling ton gues, but saw not a rain-cloud anywhere. Maddened with unutterable pain, they broke forth tn search of water. In u body they deserted the camp. Hunger was bad; thirat a thousand times worse. Far across the fields they roamed tn groups of tens and twenties. At lust a cry of Joy was heard; It came from a party mak ing towards a clump of trees and Ion bushes. All within ear-shot rushed that way. In the centre of the little jungle wus a stagnant pool— tho remains of last year's rains, protected from the fierce sun by the overhanging trees and tali bam boo reeds. But the water was a yellow ish green, covered with a threefold layer of rotting leaves. It was all ulive with living, creeping things, nnd buzzing with biuc-wlnged lllea. Into this the multitude cast themselves, and lupped up the water greedily with their tongues. That night cholera broke out In the camp— "black cholera," that tortures its victims with untold ngonics before releos. lug them by death. Its only mercy is that It In so short; sometimes three hours, at most six. That night the multitude laid themselves down by the roadside. Most of them were In bare loin cloths; here and there one lay shrouded in a white sheet like a silent ghost. The heat was, 110 in the shude, and this nt night. The unwln- Ing moon shone alike upon dead and dy ing. Not a lircath of wind stirred the dust-motes thnt hung In the air Kite pointed spots against a painted sky. Af ter a while the English doctor enmo. He felt a pulse hero, examined a distended eyeball there, shook his head In slienoe, nnd passed on. Only n few received a dose from the black bottles his assistant carried. Tho others awaited their turn- some lying still in callous apathy, seme struggling up with feverish eyes, to road their doom in tho doctor's ftice. Suddenly a tow moan was heard In the palpitating silliness— from some p?or wretch who had read his death warrant. The effect was Instantaneous. The cry passed from mouth to mouth. Eleven hundred moans shook the hot air, eleven hundred cowering forms swayed from side to side In agonising terror. It was black despair nnd panic now. A sudden panic, appalling In Its Intensity. The eleven hundred rose up, nil but the dead, nnd lied into the night— some tottering and falling, rising again In vain effort, then cast prone upon the earth— some reeling like drunken men, helping ouch other with locked hands, like the blind leading the blind. But all fled into the Jungle, the white, pitiless moon shining upon the huddled heaps that marked the fugitives' flight atong the fields. And there was none to bury them or burn them. But from afar off there arose an omin- ous sound— hnarse screechesand flapping wings. It was a flock of vultures, starv ing, fierce, fighting one another with claw and talon to get down first to do their horrid work. This was done In the green wood: what shall it be said of the dry? Who shall speak of the pains of those who remained In the village? Respectable women, veil ed from thu eyes of men, who to dig were not able, and to beg were ashamed! And when the hot.! slceples's' night came upon Hie men. they hnd nt least the roadway to He upon. But what nr the unseen wo men who panted beneath low, flat roofs and red brick wnlls? And what of the children?— for where the women are, there are the children nlso. 