A Day in the Big Scrub. j (Written for trie "Town and Country . Journal.") (See Illustration on page 21.) When Nature set about the àiforésta tion o£ the undulating trace ot country | between the Brunswick and Richmond . i Rivers she overdid it. From a distance j the vegetation presents, a sona wan, , ranging up to nearly a couple ? o£ hun dred feet in height, and at close hand it is a tousled jungle. The tops of the trees are so interlaced with parasitic . plants and creepers that one could walk for miles across the masses of foli age without fear of a fall, and the ground is a: veritable cobweb of vicious vegetation. . Everything has thoma, ex cept the stinging nettle, and it has in its great leaves a delicate fur which one does not need to brush against very hard to experience the most excruciat ing agony that any member of the plant ' world can inflict. Some of the tun nels to be observed in the undergrowth, have been made, lt is said, by strangers. who have bumped against a. stinging ? nettle. . . . ¡ When some land is taken 'up in-the .. ? < .Big Scrub country the settler'is; ; as . a ' -. rule, at his'wit's end-to^know.'what-to--- . do first: If he be a wise man, he' will . Blt . UUWXi-lainuB r riot upon a thorni er a-.snake, or -a^centipede,' o a scorpion, br a,;spider- and call for tenders fd felling and brushing the . " "area.- .. "An< then if nie'V'stock.''bf .wisdom holds''óüt^-.wh'eñ'-iii has come to 'terms with the gang of stalwart wiry, young-: chaps for- the .work, he will get ou of the way as promptly as possible. The price! paid.for felling brush; are cut low. nowadays, arie as soon as the preliminaries are settled the gang lose little time before ; a vigorous onslaught is made. . First of -all, .a few rough tracks are scratched a ¡blt clear ,of. undergrowth, and, if the area abuts dn a road, some bf the trees likely to ; block it ;whèn.falleh.'are knocked down and cut up. That done,' the whole gang commencé cut ting half-w^y through: all the trees in a line, about ,;' a . couple - -.of chains wide, - arid four or five - .chains long.. The,.. timber in the scrulp ;iss for. the most part soft arid of little commercial use. . Some of it, however, is splendid stuff, and would be bf value, if it were not so common. , \ The: trees, as a rule, run straight up 40ft to 60ft without a limb, the roots forming great flanges',: .which extend in ; some kinds as high as 20ft .from the-, ground. - The bark of nearly all is a smooth grey, splattered all over with lichens and shaggy moss. Some varieties, such as-the-teati and blue-fig,-attain enormous size, and around many of them para sitic figs have wrapped themselves In a-perfect network, extending right to the head of the tree. As som as the parasite- gets above the sur-. rounding foliage it commences to spread, and before long completely smothers its host. Great vines, that start nowhere in particular' and "in terlace the trees in all directions, trail ' every where. Some of the ropes thus formed'are as thick as a man's leg, and are as tough as whale bone. The most troublesome of all the creepers, however, is the lawyer-cane, which winds about t-i' lower part of the tree trunks, and impede* one's passage through-the-brush. . To avoid the thorny undergrowth, and togpt a fair ..cut at the tree above the flanged bole, the.* fellers", make- the scarf roany feet from the ground. : To' 'do this;(a couple of pieces of cedar skelp. "fitted - with Jrbn " clips, as 1 shown in our illustration, '-'are '.?used. A nick ls cut in' the flange,': and-the clip V in-: serted. Under the .pressure oí - a ? man's weight; . the clip bites, and holds .securely in'the nick. Standing on the* first board, the. feller prepares a place for the second, and so on,-until, as de picted in the'-engraving, he gets , to.: the desired height, and swings his axe clear; of all impedi ments, and with as much freedom* as if, he were on terra firma.. .When, a sunlciênt;. number of trees are ready, the big-tree that -is used as a driver is attended to. The timber is "so densely crowded that look in what direction one-will, it is always possible'to secure the combination de sired-a big tree, with a.fair lean, and innumer able smaller ones in line with it. As soon as . the ."driver" is. chopped into . so far ' that it begins to totter, the feller leaps to the ground, with, the bcardB, which fall out as soon as the pressure ls released, clattering arter him. At his yell the: rest, of the gang make for an ap pointed Bpot, and sit around until the turmoil ceases. We happened to be scratching our way through the brush just as the finishing strokes were being put to a driver tree, and didn't realise why the gang became so excited, until we turned around breathless, and saw .that we had just dashed through the midst of about an acre of treeB that : were sagging and swaying as if before a blizzard. As the big "driver tree"-a blue fig, with wide spread head-lost balance, the vine-ropes tight ened and snapped. Then, as the huge bole swung over, the whole mass of trees became in fected. First, a few scraps of leaves would flutter to the ground. Then, as a mass of vines began to snap and rend with a mighty roar, a .cared 'possum would leap from a tree as lt came tearing, down tor strikefthe: eaitli; with fearful"thud.Then-a \hestjof a dozéh'trees in. succession-a pause, as jatree/ securely. held alof t by . vine stays,, swirls- off . its .«stump-^th'e 'trunk rending:, with artillery reports. . Swish-and down comes, another, mass of trunks-and foliage. The rending and crashing'lasts for as long as aqùâr> ter of an hour. All- through the swaying mass darts the "ganger," nicking a vine here, hacking into a scarf there,, and iooking like, for all the world, with his glittering axe-blade, some weird .wood-sprite, smiting, the ..forest in sheer deviltry. . \- In thaportion of the Big Scrub..where these il lustrations were obtained the "gang" at work' -comprised' five or six young fellows, of 18.' tb-'22; years; led:.by a" worried-looking middle-aged man, : of the old school^" of timber-getter: He was ex tremely tall, swarthy,- as wiry as a birdcage,' and as soft-voiced- as a dove. . The ethers-were . of the' 'newer; class .of northern river-, folk-v-shorter; thicker-set, . and . ' more -± ornate^'.;. in ' "lan . guage, v ; :>As - they-. -. ;.stcod '. there,'i ? \watch .ing the' ..fall/ . clad . . -in> dark*-' flannel singlet and tight- moles.they discussed with us the -price: .cf- plp&3^ilver/-mounfed 'ones; .' when'"., tho ganger: . came dripping ' -f rom his'' perilous^. jbb/ he ? swallowed .in one . gulp -about ..; %gat>4jf . thick; .black ..tea,, and' aa he paused 'to -tako'lbreatlr for another gulp,:-he, reinarked,- -inA á?. fâraway :tbne, that^'it 'ud be grand if "only a foliar-could getvâ saw. to work "in these fluffy,,s:ft wood*." * He told xis that - the Big - Scrub ;was ' doomed. ; Time waa when you could get tip-top cedar- aili ; through ¿here; -N- t a stick left now. See that old track? Used , to ; draw hundreds of logs -. through. 'there; :.:-Black bean? Oh, yes; very pretty grain., r Too. müch sapwood ; all -waste. "What will you,do . - when-all-the-Big-Scrub-has been swept away? Turn dairyman?" The ganger ran his thumb along the edge of the axe, breathed on it, and wiped j it bright again on his hairy forearm. . ^"Well, I suppose-there'll be enough of it left to last my time. Plenty money; in cows, I s'pose. I don't like .'em. - There's heaps of pine back there in the ranges. Think I'll try that. Know the tree? Big dark tree, with tufts on the ends of the limbs, and waving masses of moss like whiskers: But give me ce dar. Lordy, what days -thepa were! All work and no work/ blinded sprees * and^.long starves; Used to Iget into rum places,. too.. Once I got a cedar tree that *cut 5000 feet. In a crick it was.. Hooked on 16 yoke of- bullicks . : to parbuckle him over, blighter been . " - pulling yet if ia flood hadn't come and . swept >the whole boiling down! into the .. river.'-' ? j . We went-back across the fallen trees, \- which lay in hopeless confusion. At -every step ??? progress was impeded by thorns of lawyer vines. We were told . to look out for tree snakes-handsome green chaps; but it took us all'our time v to. regain a clear space with sufficient clothing to satisfy the demands of de cency. .In six months' time this tangled : / ' mass ' of trees and foliage will j-have been swept away by fire, -. and ' on the area, studded with ¡cflárréd'-stiünps and loga, European grasses -will be .'¿own tb 'battle for existence with innumerable vuriéties of weeds that fight so hard for possession ;ofï.toé:4and-that. they might be the ghosts of the 'departed ^"lawyers.-" Thus Big Scrub, which in the "old days" afforded a bare existence to the ad venturous cedar-getter, a fortune to the ".'trucker," .ie .disappearing, mile .by mile before the spread of industrial enterprise, leaving in its train luxuriant fpaistures, sleek cattle, and à swarming popula tion; each of whom handles more cash every month 'than was in circulation from one end of the scrub to the other'twenty, years, ago. I A Day in the Big Scrub. 1.-A Good Pall. . - 2.-Cutting the Driver Tree. 3.-Showing how the Feller Climbs up to reach a fair cut above the Flanged Bole, 4.-The Fellers* Outfit. (Bee letterpress on page »*.; 