A MEMENTO OF THE CRIMEA. 'A gentleman lias left with us a copy of ;« "Form of Prayer and Thanksgiving to Al mighty God." for the successes obtained by ifclve British troops and their allies in the Crimea, and especially for the capture of Sebustojx)]. This form was issued in 1S5J5 to all Churches and.Chapels in England and Wales, and reads as follows:-"0 Lord God Almighty, the Disjioser of all human events, in whose hand is 'lower and might which. none is able to withstand: We, .Thine unworthy servants, desire to ap proach Thy throne with the tribute of praise and thanksgiving. We bless and magnify Thv- name for the successes graTi ted to our eountryinci), and the armies al lied-with ttwfm, now engaged inamighty warfare, and defendingthe: rights and inde pendence of nationa: and especially for the signal victory by which the stronghold of the enemy has been overthrown. . We ack nowledge, 0 Lord, that the widest coun sels, and the strongest arms, without TWe, cannot but fail: for Thine, O Lord, is the greatness, and the power, and the victory, and the majesty; and, therefore, not unto us, O Lord, not unto us, but Unto Thy name, be all praise and glory ascribed. Con tinue. we beseech Thee,' Thy favour to the allied forces, both by sea and land. . Let not the glory of their progress be stained by ambition, or sullied by revenge; but let Thy Holy Spirit support " them in danger, control them in victory, and raise them above all temptation to' evil. And grant that this and all other successes which have crowned the bravery , and rewarded the endurance of our armies, may issue in the return of peace, and the restoration of Christian brotherhood among nations. Fi nally, 0 Lord, we entreat Thee so to dis pose and turn our-Jiearts that Thy mercy, now manifested towards us, may engage us to time thankfulness, and incline us, as a nation, to walk more humbly and devout ly before Thee, by obeyiii" Tliv holy word, by reverencing Thy holy day, and by pro moting throughout the land the knowledge of Thee, the only true God, and of Jesus Christ whom Thou hast sent. To whom, with Thee and the Holy Ghost, be all hon our and glory, world without end. Amen." HOBART, January 4. Pontifical requiem mass was celebrated at St. Mary's this morning for those killed in the war. ArriWbishop Murphy presided. Dr. Delaney, Coadjutor Bishop of JTobart, was celebrant. His Excellency the Gover nor, Viscount Gormanston, Admiral Pear son, tGie Chief Justice, Sir John St. D. Kell Dodds, the Premier, Mr. Lewis, and the Mnister of Lands, Mr. Mulcahy, were amongst those present. BRISBANE, January 4. The Lieutenant-Governor has received a cable message from Mr. Chamberlain, Secre tary of State for the Colonies, congratulat ing Queensland upon the gallant behaviour of the troops of the colony at Sunnyside. Brisbane, January 7. The Chief Secretary lias received a cable message from the Agent-General stating that Lieutenant Adie is out of danger, aaid is expected to make rapid recovery. 