TOWN TOPICS No inspector under the Early Clos ing Aot has yet been appointed for Gundagai. With this issue ia issued the sched ule of prizes for the forthcoming Aunual Gundogai Show. Ms. P. J, Gilmoke, teacher at Eurongilly, has been transferred' to Alstonvillo, Richmond River. Miss L. D. Cornish, teacher of Wagra sshool, has been granted pro motion to class 3a, for good service. A big meteorological chango. On Thursday morning, the glass fell to 50, and up till lunoh time the weather was quito wintry. As a iesult of the rains up country, the river rose three feet during the early part of the week. It is now slowly receding. Qua member is about to request tho Department to seud an indepen dent officer to report on the proposed road to Reno. A popular South Gundagai towns- man embarks on the sea of matri- mony next week. A Cootamundra young lady is to be the happy one. For tho erection of the bridge over Jugiong Creok, main south, road, five tenders huvo been received, the lowest of which is Mr C. J. Foord's for ^3105. What has been dono with the L300 grant for expenditure on tho Red Hill between Qobarralong and Tumut ? Nearly time tho authorities undertook tho expenditure of the money. ? ' Lip loyalty and paper patriot ism,' at 2Jd. per column. ' How to pose as a patriot at no cost,' given away with a bunch of carrots. Apply onco -of tho ' uncertain nnwopapor.' 'Tis to bo hoped that subscribers to the Hospital will make a note of the dato fixed for the annual meeting, arjd put in an appearance. During the past twelve months we have heard grumblingB and growlings at the committeo by subscribers, so now thuy will have their opportunity of altering the state of things. Mr. J. Trackt, of Wnggn, has challenger! Mr C. Massy, of Yass. to a L50 a-side pigeon match, 100 birds each ; or ho is willing to join in a L50 sweepstake with Mr Mnssey and Mr Gorrick, tho winner to take the lot. Mr Maese-y has expressed his willing ness of accepting the challenge. Dn. Gaiuuki., after a sis weeks' Bpell, returned to Gundagai on Thurs day morning, looking quite rrjuvin ntod. Tho doctor spent a lot of hia time amongst the medical fraiornity and tho hospitals in Sydooy, and also had a run up to the north-coast diatrictB. ' UNUEitaiioins'n engineering1' has been dirtctod against the 'uncartnin newspaper.' Good 'ovinga ! But worse still, a price hnB boen put upon tho head of tho IuDEi'ENnENT editor ; a mine has boon laid under his den for thfl purpose of blowiDg him up, and ?1G men altaok him nighlly with oioou-Biaiuea puny univea. Mr Barnes, M.P., (hinks a muoh better route for a road to Reno could havo boon secured than that ono re cently surveyed. It is impossible, so onr member eays, to expect a nicely graded road to Reno, where there ia a rise of nearly 800ft in a couple of miles, but tho residents say they do UUli trtkUU «l- llj|[t-uuuilliCICU 1UAU Ul U railway-liko track, but n track that in safe, and free from trees, boulders, gutters, etc. Whilst working at tho bridge now in course of erection, over the Tumut Rivor at Oddy's, Mr J. MoEyoy, jun., had a narrow oscnpo from a violent death on Siturdaj1 last. Tho ' mon key' used for pile driving whilst in tho air accidentally became detached and fell. Mr. McEvoy, who was kaeping tho pile in position, had nn iron bar knocked out of his grip, but wiih tho exception of a few slight btui-03 escaped any personal injury. Tjtk returns from tho Mission crops at Bruuglo last season woro good. Tho wheat grown ia a splendid sample — almost too good for milling — and tho yield was 2Gi bushels per acre. Tho potato crop was a euccoss, unit imu lubuiu iu itir uuuvu ine ro quiromonts of tho Mission roaidonta. At prosont things aro quiot at the station, most of the ebony-huad ladies and gontlemou — with thoir ' olive branches' — being away on a fow weeks' fishing o.xcuraion on the Tumut Kivor, School duties will ba resumed on Monday next. A. oonckbt in aid of the Patriotic Fund is on the tapis in Gundagai, HuAvr thundorstorms out Muttaina way on Wednesday. Over an inch of rain fell. ; . . Mr Goldsmith, the new' ohemiat, expects to open up business in town at the end of next week. - It' is aai'l that there is a likelihood of yet another additional hand being appointed to the looal post office. At Kitno station last year 30,811 sheep wore shorn, for an average re turn, lambs inolurled, of 61b 13oz. A heavy thunderstorm oocurred at Cootamundra on Wednesday— 2 inohea of rain being registered in 20 minutes. Nice fall of rnin at several outly ing centrea on Wednesday. Brungle reports an inch, and Darbalara 60 points. Master Jennings, eon of Fattier JpnningB, has been appointed junior portpr at the Gundagai railway station on a three montha' probation. Tho Counoil meeting on Thursday evening lapsed for want of a quorum, only the Mayor, and Aid. Warbrick, Dodd and Lenry being present. Mr Nichols, butcher, of South QuBdagai,.whp recently begftu^ opera tions, ia getting together a nice clien tile. -???.. Since last ahonring, Kimo station haa sold over 7000 nheep from off its property. About 7000 from this sta tion are at present being depastured up at Tootna. Our Hportincr butcher, Mr Allan McKenzie, has been eleoted secretary of the Gundagai Racing Club. Allan ia an ardent lover of the turf— a good all- round sport — and should make an ideal secretary. . The ' uncertain nowspaper'1 is like Banqno's ghost, it will not down. For its benefit we may state that we never holp anybody; wo only tell other people to do it — that's a common newspaper ?weakness. Tun C.E; Bishop of Goulburn ar rived in town yesterday morning. He will be driven out to Adelong Crossing' to-day, -where he will be the guest of Mr Jaa. Turner until Sunday, when he proceeds to Adelong. Mng. Matthews, the local lady who hoa tho 'Nightingale1' movement in hand in town, was to despatch the re sult of the labors of Gundagai ladies — about GO ' Nightingales' — to Syd ney by yesterday's train. A Fin's occurred in Cootartmndra on Wednesday evening, a atabla being consumed. The place waa used by Mr Keen and Mr Willinms. The former saved hia sulky, &o.;, but the latter lost everything. The City Bank stable, Coota., was struok by lightning on Wednesday. The fluid struck a projection on the root, ran along the cap and down the spouting into the ground. The roof was damaged to the extent of a couple of. pounds. Me Barnes, M.P., is of opinion that it will tnke moro than L2000 to donatrua* a, fond fo Rnno hj tho now surveyed route. ' And the Depart will not ppend near that sum on a road to Reno, unless they see certain proapocts of a settled population there,' says Mr B. Mr Stack, the owner of the nice blook .of land near Mr Matthews' reaidenoo, now purposes erecting a small dwelling house thereon, and in the near futuro a firat-olnss hotel may be constructed on the block. Some () UULO Cfc£\S iW *VUO lllkDIIUUU bU UUHU all hotel on this land, but a license oould not be secured. The overseer of the Aborigines Miaaion Station at Brungle, Mr, Hub bard, intends organising a gigantic picnio at the Mission Station at the end of this month, probably on An niversary Day.-' Mr Hubbard intends to extend a general invitation to all, aud to make the day's sport a good one proposes soliciting small dona tions from the district residents. At night a 'corroboree' ia to be held, and this is sure to draw a crowd. Most of our prominont townsmen have signified their intention of help ing the affair and being present at it, A x?]i.yr days ngo Mr. G, Grubb wan driving Mr. Torpey's stripper in a pnd dock of Mr. Maker's at Coolac, when the morning train came by and startled fclin Tinman, with fJifi rflnnlf. fhnfc thaw bolted. The stripper canted over and the driver was thrown some distance, after whioh the hotaes went raoing1 imdly through the paddock, the stripper being in working ordor and thrashing the crop in fine style. It was impossible to stop tho mad oaroer of the bolters, and. for fully ten minutea the circua went on, it only being ended by the animals beooming jammed in the oornor of the fence. On examination it was found that nothing at all 'was broken, the comb of the stripper only -being slightly bent. Mr Grubb, however, did not esoape uninjured, one of his wrists being badly sprained and the sinews of the arm iujurod. 