The North Western Advocate AND The Emu Bay Times. FAIR AND IMPARTIAL. The First Daily Paper Published on the North West Coast. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 8, 1900. THE WILMOT RAILWAY AND THE STANLEY BREAKWATER. The manner in which the Assembly received the Government proposal to vote £200,000 for the construction of the Wilmot railway should be most gratifying. Hardly a discordant note was raised, and the item after a short debate was agreed to without division. This is in itself a testimony more eloquent than any Parliamentary logic to the real necessity of the proposal. The Minister of Railways described it as the most important piece of legislation that had been submitted to the House for many years, and mentioned that Mr Back had reported to the favorable effect that the proposed line would pay working expenses from the start. This being so, and bearing in mind that depending on its construction rests the immediate future of thousands of valuable acres in the Wilmot district — practically cut off from the markets by the stupendous valley of the Forth River, it might be wondered whence objections could emanate from. But it must be borne in mind that all members of Parliament have not an intimate knowledge of the great natural resources and chocolate richness of the country to be served. They had to depend largely on the statements and figures of north-western members and on the bearing of the Government, nearly all the members of which had— thanks to the commendable exertions of the Devonport Chamber of Commerce and the Kentishbury Railway League — visited and formed favorable impressions of the country. Further, it was feared the ghost of the Great Western nightmare would arise in all the post-mortem strength of a distorted phantasm to scare with a mop like process this tidal wave of progress. For the sake of public decency in Tasmania it is pleasant to be able to record that no such contingency eventuated. But there is a rumor emanating from a source more or less reliable that the Legislative Council intend to block the wheels of this national undertaking, and thus undo the willingly- executed work of the more important branch of the Legislature. The assigned reason is that in view of the financial changes to be wrought by the fast approaching Federation and the consequent uncertainty of the colony's revenue, no expense other than is absolutely necessary should be incurred. Thus a retro grade policy, is to be adopted; because Australia as a whole is about to march forward with a giant stride, Tasmania is to adopt a cataleptic attitude. Whatever warrant may be claimed for such a procedure in regard to other works, it must be apparent to the veriest tyro that to retard and indefinitely postpone a work of the worth and national import of the Wilmot scheme is a fool's policy, and worse than no policy at all. It is to be trusted in the name of all that makes for progress and national prosperity that the Council will not take the condemnable action which has been suggosted. The progress of events in connection with the Stanley breakwater is far less satisfactory. Although the vote for its construction has been passed there is one lion in the path, the exact nature of which is made clear by the publication in our issue of yesterday of correspondence between the Minister of Lands and Works and the manager of the V.D.L. Co., as tabled in the Assembly. From this it appears that the directors of the company are not willing to grant more than one acre of land for the purposes required, whereas the Government engineer deems seven acres necessary. As explained by Mr Mulcahy, the greater part of the area asked for is perpendicular rock, which can be of no use to the company. Possibly the directors, who are absentees, are unaware of the reasonableness of the request, and think that because an acre of land in London is a comparatively large area, like conditions should extend to their company's possessions in Tasmania. It is but natural that Mr Mulcahy should express surprise at the action of the directors in the matter, and which he states will indefinitely postpone a work which is so necessary to the development of the Circular Head district. The Government, of course, have the power by virtue of the Land Clauses Act to take whatever land is required, under a valuation, in the same manner as they acquired a block near the Emu Bay breakwater. But it was hoped that a grant of sufficient land for shipping purposes at Stanley would be given by the V.D.L. Company, seeing that the result of the greatly improved shipping facilities at the port will be to considerably enhance the value of their property in the district surrounding. To acquire the land, say seven acres, would probably cost £700, whereas if the company were to accede to the request of the Government the value of their farm lands would at once increase by several thousands of pounds. It may be of interest, in view of the parsimony of the directors in the Stanley matter, to state that altogether the company own 364 450 acres of land on the North-West Coast, distributed thus: At Circular Head, 20,000 acres; Woolnorth, 100,000; Emu Bay, 50,000; Hampshire Hills, 10,000; Surrey Hills, 150,000; Middlesex Plains 10,000; and on Robbins Island, 24,450. 