RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION IN STATE SCHOOLS. (TO THE EDITOR OF THE RECORD.) SR,--In last Friday's issue of your journal, you insert a letter on the above subject, signed by Robert Elliott, A.K.C. In view of the fact that there is at the present time a conference of the heads of various religious sects in this colony, engaged upon a scheme of religious instruction, to which they can naturally agree, and which has to be submitted to a plebecite of the people, the letter from 1Mr Elliott is onnortune. If the letter in question is a fair index of what we are to expect as the result of the deliberation of the clergy, the public have a warning of what to expect. From all that has appeared in the press, it has been made apparent that a series of excerpts from the holy Bible, wrrHOUT COMMENT, would be submitted to the electors, to say whether they should be included in the State school reading books. If this were so, and honestly adhered to, no possible objection could be urged. But, on the other hand, if the principle indicated in AMr Elliott's letter should be allowed to obtain, then denominationalism will again become rampant in the State schools. The leading idea in Mr Elliott's letter is, that it would be dangerous to place the Holy Scriptures into the hands of the children attending the public schools of the colony, unless accompanied with clerical explanation. As illustrating his idea we have him saying-" Giving a Bible to a child is like sending a man into a druggists shop with instructions to make up his own prescription." Here is the same sort of exclusiveness which placed shackles on the Word of God in the days when England was priest-ridden. It shows us we are but a short remove from intolerant priestcraft, which put an embargo on the Bible, holding it unsafe for general use unless mixed with creeds of pagan tradition, and served b7 clerical hands. Truly the people will have to be on their guard against the thin end of the wedge ofsacerdotalism getting introduced into our school system. It savours of presumption to say " THE BIBLE NEEDS EPLANIINGO." "Let the Church catechism ba taught, for is there anything nobler than to teach a child his duty towards God and his neighbor, THE CATECtISM HAS A DEFINITE VALUE, FOR IT IS CERTAIN IN ITS TEACHING." Compare the follow ing Bible truth with the explanation given by the Church, as a sample of how the parsons improve the Bible :-Mark xii. 29, " And Jesus answered him, the first of all the commandments is, Hear, O Israel; the Lord our God is one Lord." 1 Cor. viii. 6, " But to us there is but one God, the Father, of whom are all things, and we unto Him; and one Lord, Jesus Clrist, through whom are all things, and we through Him." Now for the ex planation. "God the Father, mncompro hensible, God the Son, incomprehensible, God the Holy Ghost, incomprohensible. Not three incomphrensibles, not three uncreated; but one uncreated, and one incomprehensible." Again 1 join issue with Mr Elliott when he writes: " Remember God has placed immortal souls in your keeping to train. What for? An o'ernity of bliss or of? Will you answer the question." The Bible tells us God breathed into man's nostril's the breath -f life, and he became a living soul The explanation of the church is-God breathed into man's nostrils the breath of life, and he became an immortal soul. The Bible says-" The soul that sinneth, it SHALL die." The church snays-" Ye shall not surely die." Pagan speculation having grafted many of its lies upon the pure tree of life, it has been propagated up to the present time by self-constituted guides, to the obscuring of the beauty and essential value f tihe Haly Scriptures. 1 have thus spoken lest silence should be construed into acquiescing with what is unwarranted and unscriptural. Every man is entitled to form and hold his own opini.n, but when he expresses it in the public press, giving as a ground for his belief God's Holy Word, then exception can and should be taken if unsustained by the Bible.-Yours, etc., A. L. GALBRAITH. Tyors, June 27th, 1900. 