THE MAGIC CAMEO;I 0a, Clifford Faxton's Mascot. BY MbsS G. SHELDON uthbres of "The Maaked Bridal, "The Little Marplot," &c.;) CHBA1'TER XX?II. 3IOLLIE's MIDNIGHT ADVENTDuE Flr a rrominent 3Jollio was simply Iur.lse with fear; she could neoitner Iara ie;nd o nor foot, which perhaps Stb very best thing that could lae happened under the circum . uts u her mind worked with tihe rapidity of lightning and to some P ui? ,hl distinctly hear the move n-c, of on?uo one about the room, uninthr sand cautious as the invader r~iej s be. and once she plainly saw the outline of a man as the figure a.i'ed betweenu her vision and a win .ihe ,? sure that a burglar had en toye tie hoIUseC-somIe .ono who, doubt .. haidi learnedl o .il Lamonti's ab-, ore andl had taken advantage of it t, comie and help hithself to what .luable, he could find. liltn a shock or dismay and fear . i;l Ier nerves tingling as she re niiered the safe; but this was al .-.t iulmediatCly succeeded by a great cals, a grins determination taking p,,-ciaion of her, and plans to carry it Out quickly forming in her active brain. \try cautiously she reached out her right hand and secured the revolver that lay on the stand beside her. tier touch was so light that, as she tiumed her act just as the burglar stooped to ex:unelo the safe, not a srunlrd was distinguishable. lihPping it raider the bed clothing shle oattr removed it from the box. lire next momenit it was cocked and :he drew a deep, silent breath of re lli a, sihe realrise that she could now contlrol the situation about as she lh'r nest act was to reach out again and feel for a cluster or three electric buttons. which had been placed in the naii close beside the bed. Unr ui these controlled a wire com mnunicating with the nearest polce sta tun. andl had been put there for just ,uca lin elmergency as the present. .lnotuuhr was connected with the elec tr.O apparatus for lighting the house, rod rie third governed the lock of the .outl doer. Sinuiar buttons were in every room et the main portion of the house, and 31\. Lanminti had explained their opera ton to Mollie several weeks- previous durinig or of her visits, and they were grouie.l in the forn of a triangle; two aHre side by side, and the tuird be turciin adtl above them. It ?ri, the upper button which Mol Le had touchelie. Thoen she lay quietly listening for several mmutates. while the other occu paut, having produced a tiny dark lan tern. contiued his investigations at the safe. All at once, in the distance, she caught tir :siound of hools and wheels, anui knew that help was coming to her. the owa touched the button control ling tine front door. A moument later she lightly pressed tie third button, and nstantly the apartment was flooded with light, as was also the hall outside. WVith a startled oath the buretar sprang to his feet and, tdrning, found himself con ronatcd uo the loveliest vision he had over seen in his li., as he afterward told a pal in prison, and a "dandy barker ' that was cocked and 2nnett straight at his heart. .loloe had sprung to a sitting pos ture alter touching the third button and was prepared tur duty. bier face was pale as marble, but there was a determined light in the blue eyes which warned the invader that oae was braced for instant ac tion. while his experienced eye imme diateyi grasped the fact that she knew how to manipulate the weapon ,.she heli and that her hand was as steady as iif she were holding simply a glass ui water. But the man was a desperate and poweriul fellow, and he did not moan to be beaten at his game "by any slip of a girl like that," and so netermined to imake a bluff to attain his object uild watch his chance to disarm her. Tie house was perfectly still and he nas confident that no one else in it hild been aroused, and he fondly inmanucd he could easily intimidate his tair captor, for he had not the dightest suspicion that she had any way of sunumoing assistance from out side. "oYu'd better put down that hbrker. Miss. ii you don't want to get into trouble," he commanded in a grur, tlboutgh subdued voice, for he ihad no desire to arouse anyone else. "I dcn t ever like to hurt a lady, and Id be -pecially loth to do violence to sucll a pretty girl as you are." lollie s eves flashed indignant fire at his familiar language and obnoxious eumplilient. "Silence:" she cried, in a clear, in c'-ire tone. and her faultless elocution served her to some purpose now, for it, made her every word tell effectively. "o:-rsdon t you dare to attempt to got out your revolver if you have one," t?het colltinued, 's she saw his right hand creeping toward one of his poc hets. "That is right," as he instantly I dropped it agiun to his side. " Obey me anud 'ou will not be hurt. Show the slighttest disposition to disobey me and I will not hesitate to let you haive tie contents of one of these chambers, nrd I shlll not miss you, either. Nows sit down in that rocking chair near o0U and put your hands upon the .ut the man did hesitate to obey tnL coummand and glanced nervously toward the door, which he had left open islcn he entered the room, as I contemplating a bold dash for free dom. Then he suddenly changed his mind, as the small hand which held that e3-tly revolver was slightly raised as i to take a truer aim, and with an ther oath hie obediently dropped into the rair which Mollio had indlicated, anda drath ouatone of minsgled wratlh "tI' . f.r rr .irl of your years, youro ie tool~et slecnimen i've ever seen." es. I knoow something about fire nos I b ad considerable practice hooting at a target in a gallery in taris a couple of years ago." remarked tieiIntrepid girl, with deliberate dis tiurtness. ier captive cringed visibly at her rmark, and. observing it, she realised that he was at heart a coward in spite olf his profession and Ids attempt to lly her, and her courage rose in pro portion. Just then she heard :r vchiele t5ride slacrken speed and stoo beforre ten Iose. The burglar arlso cauight tio sounds and an anxious look eliot ito his eyes. What's that ?" he demanded roughly. ,.the hoss coming home?" it - ; Monsieur Lamonti will not re 'tin until to-morrow. or until this cfrnon. 4- should have saidl." Maollie Olpoasedly remarkied. Then she added eyes:a gleam of triumph in her blue I' am expecting some friends swhimi I savre smmoned to aid me in this rvlncys ; doubtless theyl have ar "Thr Cops!"j' cried the burglar in a ,t ?'es.I "How on earth did you manage that?" he questioned breathlessly. "Ah!--as his practised eye swiftly swept the walls and finally rested on the group of electric buttons-" the house is wired for it." "You are right, and it is an ex ceedingly convement arrangement," drily responded the girl. '"Thunder and lightning! I swear I won't sit hero to be caught like a rat in a trap," snarled her companion, as ho started wildly to his feet and glanced around him for some way of escape. "Sit down!" and the deadly thing in Mollie's hand was again raised menacingly, while footfalls were now plainly heard ascending the steps lead ing to the entrance to the house. The man dropped with a quick, in drawn breath, as his eye fell upon the white, slim finger that rested on the trigger of the revolver. Then a sudden thought struck him and he breathed more freely. "But they cant get in," he observed with a chuckle of exultation, for he told himselt that if she was obliged to get up to admit the policemen he would have an opportunity to make a bolt for the nearest window, and have a fair chance to escape by means of a balcony which coula be plainly discerned outside. "You are mistaken, sir," his fair captor replied, "for when I- touched the button that governs the communi cation with the. station house I also pressed another that unlocks the front door. Allow me to say for the infor mation of any of your triends.who may be followers of your profession, in case you should have an opportunity to communicate with they, that almcst every room in thd house Is wired in the same way." "Hell and furies!" groaned the un fortunate victim, and actually writhing in his chair, for at that moment steps and voices were heard in the hall be low, and he knew that he was inex tricably "bagged.!' Involuntarily he clapped his hand to his pistol pocket. "Sit still!" commanded the brave girl, and she loaned forward, her eyes blazing like two points of flame. "An other movement and I fire." He knew she would, for there was a relentless purpose in her watchful gaze, and he settled back limp and white to await the inevitable. With her glance never for an instant wavering from the form 'in the rocker, Mollie called out in clarion tones: "Come right upstairs, Mr. Officer, and you will find what you are looking for." A moment later two policemen en- 1 tered the room and took in the situa tion at a. glance. In a tnce they had their prize whom they instantly recognised as a man they had long been trying to run down-disarmed and safely handcufted, he offering no resistance. Then they turned their attention to the heroic girl upon the bed. But the felt little hke a herofie at that mo ment. She had dropped her weapon toe in stant the officers appeared upon the scene, too weak and spent to hold it longer, and now lay white and panting upon her pillows, consciousness almost forsaking her now that the reaction had come. Almost simultaneously Nannette rushed into the room, her, eyes wide and staring with fear upon beholding three strange men in the place, while she tremulouisly inquired it the house was on fire.. ".No, no," one of the policemen re plied reassuringly, "everything is all right now; but you'd better get the young lady a glass of wine or some thing. Did he attempt to do you any harm, Miss?" he respectfully inquired, bending a pitiful look upon Mollie. "No, he did not have anly oppor tunity," she panted, a ghost of a smile curving her white lips as she signifi cantly touched the revolver that lay beside her. "I see,". said the man with a satis fied nod, "and you are a downright plucky girl! 'There, drink some thing;, and then you shall tell us all about the affair," he concluded is Nan netto approached with a glass of port wine which she had taken from a small cabinet which M. Lamont, had in his room. There was a tall Oriental screen be fore the fireplace, and the men placed this between the bed and their pri soner, then retired behind it them selves to give the exhausted girl time to recover herself. Mollie sipped a little of the wine and soon found her strength returning, and with it and the friendly presence of Nannette, much of her habitual self possession. "sannette, pray, get me a shawl or dressing gown-anything to make me more presentable before those men,"' she whispered to the girl as she glanced down, with a flush of confu sion, at her night robe, although until that moment she had not given a thought to her appearance. The maid whisked into her owrf room and returned almost immediately with a pretty wrapper of her own, and into which she deftly assisted Mollie, who, after twisting up her hair, which had become disarranged when she sprang up to confront the burglar, then signi fied her readiness to talk with the offi cers. while she seated herself in a chair out.ido the screen and motioned Nan nette to another near her. She briefly related what liand oc curred frosi the momient when shle had heardl the clock strike twro until the appearance of the officers, which, al though it has taken so long to relate it, had occupied less than twenty mi nutes. l1er languageo was simple and unas suning, but the story produced a marked impression upon her hearers. Nonnetto becamne greatly excited during the recital, but protested that she iha:d niot heard a sound until Miss Heatherford called out to the officers to come upstairs, when she hurriedly threw on hier robe and came to her, fearing that she might be ill or the house afire. The police regarded the fair narrator with undisguised wonder and admira tion. as she told how she had softly takenim possession of thle rvcrolver and cocked it beneath the bed-clothing be fore turning oni the lights. "It was a mighty islucky thing to do," one of them remarked, " and, Miss Heathlerford, you deserve to hlavo your praises sounded from the Atlantic to the Pacific coast for such a deed of courage." "Oh! I beg that my name may be kept out of the newspapers!" AMollie exclaimed in sudden dismay. "I do not vwast to become notorious, and I sincerely hope that I Eshall not ]have to testify against this man at a public trial." The officers saw that she was greatly distressed in view of such a possibility, and their sympathies were with her. ",Well, 3tiss. I can't say for certain about that. I reckon you'll have to appiear and give evidence; but perhaps a private examination can be arruanged, anid if the reporters don't get hold of it you'll be all right. I'm sure I, for one, would be glad to oblige a Iady who has shown mnore grit than many a man would have done in such a tight plae-." one of the mes observedl in the most respectful manner. " And I'm with you," said the other lihea rtily. "TThank you very muchr2' MIollie re plied gratefully and with that rare smile of hiers which made everyone de light to serve her. "Are you timid. Miss Ieatherford?" the one who appeared to be the supe rior officer inquired. "Would you hlike one of us to stay in the house or about the place for the remainder of the night ?" "Oh, no-thank you. I am sure that will not be necessary, for we shall not be likely to have this experience re peated to-night. We will open the door connecting with the servants' ball. and I shall feel perfectly safe." " Very well; then we may as well be getting our gaolbird into his cage. But upon second thought." the man added, as lie caught sight of iNan lette's shiver of terror and saw that Mollic was stil very pale, "I think when I get him aboard the patrol wag gon I will leave Brown here to watch about until daylight; maybe it will make you a little easier in your mind." -Mollie smiled gratefully into his honest face. "Thank you," she said hearul tily, and with a sudden sense of relief which -con vinced her that she had overestimated her feeling of security; "pperhaps you are right, and I thinik, on the whlole, we may rest better to know that we are guarded." "Come, sir." said the officer, turn ing to the burglar, who had not once spoken, except to curse when the hand Oul'Ps were slipped upon his wrists, " we must be moving." Then with a respectful good night to the two girls the officers led him away, and three minutes later Mollie heard the patrol waggon drive away and heaved a long sigh ef thankfulness that the horrible experience was over, and with no loss of valuables to her good friend M. Lamonti. Nannette, who lhad been watching the departure from a window, informed her that Officer Brown had been left behirid, and was slowly pacing the side walk before the house. This arrangement was so reassuring to both girls that they immediately retired with a sense of perfect secu rity, and were soon sleeping as soundly and restfully as if they had not been disturbed. 