the bullets billet. r»r,L RlOHTS ResBBYED.I BY J. J: MORAN. CHARTER L Blank Saunders was in liis«hmenl when tht Mtutisl bnw wiih proclaimed which gave liim end his Y«« tl»c jicmrr of shooting suspect' irbrla and burning drtwn hounrB ..«/! liiivRiiickB under Hie pretence of search- ing f'T bidden priests— a class who were tjaniideie ii'taboniinulion. I %i|M him SiMiiiilen won bin military title, but rv«-M by bin own im-n — rxwpt in liin In-iii HUT— -h4 wan mnic genet nil v. dubbed «' HliiHt SHtindeift." Tho adjective could \uA Uuvh UimI reference to his complexion, which w;»h a iirhlv lint, or lo bin hair, which wan of a windy hue. Hut if you asked a iiiMHK'tt anywhere within a radius of fifty mill s why h« name In be known an Black Km»n<h'itS y»u would hare heard many n lilimiin tubiof houses bin nod down in the diMil of night, of fathers and hr« titers ehol in i-i'M libiod nn tsumnciun of bring rebels, iuiI of oilier outrages wltirh the peanants |»ndi sited to n-pwit in words, Siiiinih-rn wan not happy. A priest woe in (In- (ii'iyl'bain hood who always eluded hint. itinos lie go! a Hceut of .his hiding-place ..nil hurtled up to wreak a revenge which (y..uM be w\\\ the sweeter because be had hum Imulkcd no long. But as euro as lie got wind of the ptiesl, the pi i est got wind of hi ;i|'|"o»i:h, and had lieu to another hiding- |.i.„«- befne .Saunders came on lite scene. I'lc t'nptson was itol by any minus a |h-..»i 1 tempered or niihrepoken gentle- 1,1.01. and 1 he language lie lined 00 iindiug the hud a Hin flown was of the hair-ruming I, ind. It was euiioun that the same small , \ «« old hold iwb such men at the same nuie, 'nil h'dd them for so long — Bluck NitiU'lci, will his boundless authority ami j'niher ISliilii'isey, with a pi ice on his head, hrhug in (|ne mink aflci the other, visiting ihe -ii'k. csjmmiJi iig 1 he afllietcd, ami even on .Sunikiy ri)'irnii»> saying Mais in some h<iirb umuubiin P"1, wiih sent lies posted hi mviy dnection lo give waruiog if the ),, en me m sight. Ii tv;m gmwing intolerable to launders. I h hi,.fis nud iiiiigiedatt-s whom he uiel .,1 |i..- (iniidy Hireling iwuted liim on his f .»;,:««> iiMidch " l>ri«-sl Miilumey/' and told . 1. 11 "his irverence" was more ihau a ui.,! !. he him. Jl was not by any means an do- Irani" of mind ill wliicli lie found from a county meet, the laughter of who joked hnii ohoul hispiiuel hunt ih- -lib (inking in his rniK " il'> lilt' fault of those infernal peasants who would lef llirii tongues he cut nut rather I, li tvlirie he IK ' tie in nl I ere, I. »x he :.nih!< 1) ahing in the gathering twilight, fol- I'iwi h I ? half l dozen of his men. ll w»k a i,ii< a iirmuUmi io;ul, with a high wall of tin k en fiii' side and a soli hug <>n the otlii'i. ' ,\ hundred pricetH might hide in such a I'Im-c ;i this and never he dmcoveicd," lie en 111 iniied, hy nay of salve lo hin wounded " (but, if 1 ever do discover him He 1 11 1 n rd n sharp enr ncr ' the rnad, and to his JDit'MiiBhrncDt. ran full till into a j.i<d« sUutn who was juicing lupidly along. Then fuilnwcd a siting »" oat tie ft mil S.m»- ''i, quirk and hpaninodir, Jikc llie lopoits da repeating title. Tin- pedestrian — n tall, mil hint!, hamlsime man -looked ai linn 11: Mlenee, ami then Mailed hack and grew pnh Two old enemm bad met at last— Mm-lt Noniideis and Fulh<-,- Mahnnev. haunders was simply in<-idiri»rit| foi some n»"t,»ite», and while his pistol covered the unlock? piie.st. h" prunm-d mound like a " S» I vr- got vm - pi ls'iiier— roust von — din like a dog-yon— prieM— - ' k u'u, Saunders,'' mm the priest i :iliul>. ami witti 11 sir-pii ion of a miiiIr at ;ie f-xrded pondiiinn of in« captor. " 1 know J 111 in your power. 1 am nnurnird, although Urfoie I left, my hiding-place this evening I wasofteieii n»M onlyiirmsto |uytt«;l myself wit It, hut no mined escort to sec lo mv safety. I 1 ejected both ollei«— do you know why ?' " J don't know why. and I'm d d if i carr," cried Saunders. "J'vcgot you. and. bv— — . I'll give you twenty deaths before yon die. ' " HI tell you whv." said Father Ulabtiney, ignoring the lultcr part of the ('aptatn'a Bpcoch. " Because J am on an enand of iucic? - sticli nn errand as no huinun Wing with n human heart would stop roe from. llown in thnr glen," he pointed to a hollow across the hog as he puke, "an old woman in 4jicig. She has "nly one eon, and hi; is a poor imbecile. He ramr lo me to day to ray that hi mother was in the throes of death, and that she wauled til'1 last rites of the (Jhunrh at my hands before ahe died. She Uas uot seen a pricat. for .vean>sbe will die a miBDrable dcaih if 1 do not sue her, anoint her, and close her dying t'yes, Let me see her and stay with her til! fWiedead; let me give her a happy death, nod save a human soul, and I promise you on my word as u priest that 1 will come back and yield myself your prisoner, to do wilIi rue « you plraae." if Kauodars did oot interrupt this speech it was because be was for a moment- dumb founded at the priest's audacity, lie lind been looking for him for months, had sworn every kind of revenge for being trisked no hog, and now his prisoner coolly asked him to be set at liberty once more, to dairy out aoother of his proscribed Popish nnelitlMl At. !«Ut ha No more preaching cant to me!" he shouted, " tiei her die, and meet you ' Saunders,1, said Father Mahoney, hotl?', , "you pretend to he a Christian; ywi aiv unworthy of the name. Thecureeofa hut mill be upon you if yon refuse ine thin" .It was too much for Saunders. With a Kriog of oaths, before which his pronoun laocunR. was inil.lncaa ilwlf, i>- took quick ttu and tired. Fatiinr Mahoney reeled und fvll, aod.the blood gushed foiih in a rud<iy torrent from his,«ieck. Saunders jumped 'from his horse and examined the. wounded man. The bullet bad cut through the jugular rein and had glano« d ' off. T he prigst was lupjdly bleeding to deatli, i ind t hough ho could not speak, In wjilc- npcn j wemlixcd upon the (.'aptain with a Mure j thai haunted him for umny a dav. His fuiy ' died out, and br jumped upon Ins lu<rn and PHllnpfd awny, fiillowcfl l-v hjh men. A fuw minuter ufturwards a youth, nil h iide, rolling eyes, Hlolc but from behind n 'ucft inn! lifted the pricfct't, head. Tin' gbiz- "ig oyes lurnrd towards Itini with a glunrr of ,(,-khgrtnrdti,'"Afffl't1iu lips iunvctl pliglnly. " Hinuk, SBiiuduia bhot ych— I saw linn — dllroppcd ' his |i'slol, ton" — and the youth, "ho was evidently demented, picked up the ' .pjjg„| aiid'ttinisi it uit-hin bin nigged geaU-Ji Mebbe it burned the hnu'd thai Kted hr shot! Hut lie . didn'L lake yrh away — nomc quick— u>e nfolfior m wauin on yeb. She sej. R|ie woicl- die happy if the doesn't " ft?h. tune— <ome— me mother wanfa Wn-fiilh) DannywiU curry yeli If yeU don't com!"— aod l)anuy, Witli a strength fur hoyoadbiaappeatatice.Jiftbd the dying man's nn bit back and trottod aoroas the bog to the glen, where he reached the door or » small hut, and dragged his heavy burden through the door. The kitcheo, which seemed to be the only compartment Ihe hut possessed, was half in gloom, f he fire of peat was burning low 011 tin hearth, and a piece of eundlt.sMtin the nock of a bottle lighted up a bedstead in which so old woiiibd lay, her eyea shut acid ln-r breath coming io quick shoit gasps. "I brought him, mother" cried Danny, triumphantly. " f said I'd bring him, an I did. 1 Luuhl yeli yeb'd see him before yeliM die. oven if Punoy bad to carry him, an' he did." The old woninn opened her eyes and en deavoured to sit up In bed. " The priest, Danny ? " ehc aaked, in an excited whisper. « Whore is he— I can't sec him. Where is he, Danny ? 1 can't see —why doesn't he spake ? " . Danny stoopei to the lifeless burden, which on his entrance liehad dropped on the iloor. Ho lifted the corpse close- up to the light uf the candle. The old woman struggled again lo rise, nnd this time Micuccded. She brought lior dimming eyes iiunrortill within the hnlo uf 1 lie nttndle there were three faces, and she looked from the triumphant, leering fue« of her iihm son to that terribly culm, rigid face, Willi widr-opru t-yefi, thai lie held up fur her inspection. Then, with a scream of horror, she fell buck, und there was a nil lie in her throat, which Danny must have miBtHkvn for laughter, for hn laughed too, and cried — ' Ay, mother, Danny brought htm— he lowM yclt yehM bcc the priest afore yeh'd die." CHAPTER II. The spot whet c Father Mattouev wus killed wuh haunted. 80 ran tlio irpoit, and the peasants fearfully cntswd themselves as they retailed to moll other how every night a ghostly light w, i» aern on tlm drcadml spot, 1 uwriug lo und f rt» like u wtll-o'-lUv-wisp, and 1 sunn; who had ventured near testified to liar- j ing seen 1 In shadow nf a man moving about, tint Miungrt light following liim whorcver he j weut. ICvrn the most srcpiiciil had tu admit I that ihc icjM»rt was true w hen they kuw tlte | gleam in tiiut deserted spot. The spot was | known ns " Tlu Priest's Crisr." and is so milled to thi day. It win a spot- to be dreaded, n nd people who had to go ulong this road wfu-r lohtfjll look a wide drtuu; when they citine near " The Priest's Corse." Even the Yens, who affected to laugh at the supersti- lions of the peasant!', gave tiie place a wide bcitli. Ailhough 8aundei» r ootinued hin depreda tions among susprcted rebels, without any diminution of ferocity, it ivus noticed that 1 In; never took tlx; load where he had killed Father Ma honey. There was a story among his brother t.Diceis to I hr oiled llialone night soon after I lir iiHirdcc hr rode forth iniceover t ho pistol he had dropped when he jumped fioiu Ins intisp to examine l he wounded priest- ut that wiien lie approached and raw that strange light, lie turned nnd Hrd. nnd arrived in ins qiiiirlcis wit h a hunted look in his eyos and big drops uf sweat puuiiug dowu ar. uiinsuaily pitllid countenance. Ho had vnliintvuind no information on a point like that. One night, however, when the squires, ubu'ers, and some of the younger " bucks " , of the county dined after a meeting, and when the wine and brandy set many tongues flowing more glibly than they should, Saun- ' deib found him.-cil t he butt, ot souie sarcastic conversation. He. himself had boeii drinking rather more than was g " '1 for hun, and was rciaillog in a bumptious fashion sonic ex ploits of the pfuvioiin week. The?' were not exploit which even a soldier could expect much glut) fro.11.for liter euiihisicd of shout- inland hanging stjtne unarmed peasants who ni re suspected of being u'ui-K and of even less merciful: but the recitals were good enough to muusf hirn»e!f nnd the Irss tiubcr of his fellow gircMe. " Shot any prie«ta lately, Saun lctb ?" queried a young squire of herculean pro- 1 portions, at whose eloow a lew oiuply bottles ' Mood .is mule feettmonies uf lite depth of hie potations. "tj'a<l! I believe the last one; you 'lid for still sayh Mae!- 00 the hillside." j '' H< goes aboti' at night carrying n light, 1 dors he not ?" sal . another. j " Looking for 8-iundrrs. probably. ' said a ' iliiid. and h laugh wont round the table at ! the I', apl.ilo's expense. " Uv dove! Cjptain, ; you do well to keep aloof from such a place. " ' Saund'TK had been imbibing rather freely j during dinner, and. wuh Ttusheti lace, he now rose fj his fert. " I have been taunted with fear of the place," he said, looking the last speaker in the face. " 1 nni afraid uf no unm. dead or alive, and he whu says I am a coward must answer to uie for it." " Then 1 slmtl uutfwer to vou.' said the young aqutie who had spoken first. " I will give yuu a leal. It is uow nine o'clock, and it is an huur'a ride t-o the spot- when- vou shot l lie priest. Will you ride t here aloue. Mai there for an (jour, and come back here, bring ing suine token of youi visil t here. lf?ou are not prepared to do ibis 1 shall brand you us a coward, and will give you any sat.isfac 1 turn vou desire," J "A fall challenge!" "Now, Saunders, show your courage!" and similar remark passed rmtad the table, I it was a strange proposal, although made in all isciiuuHticH?, and everyone aiound the ; table looked at IHack Saundt rs, and waited 1 for his answer. He grew hallow under his > mldy wkui, but replied— " 1 accept your terms. Jwill go, and will " But how hi>ll we prove yon'vr hern there ?" naked (hu young squire insolently. dauririci-fe'H liand went to his sword-hilt. This wu an intimation that his word of honour would nut be taken. "N'u lighting till you come buck. Saunders," said an old magistrate, good-liuinouredly. ' Vou dropped the pistol you shut Ins rever ence will.. J believe. U'elJ. nobody has been there siin-r.Koyour pistol will hr ,.|i the spot. Bring it hark lo us- it will he a sufficient token thai ?ou'v< hren there." Satindcts nmdc no answer, hut, tailing mini her gulp of brandy. Maggeied nut and mounted his huise. He disappeared into ihe 1 night, nnd the guests returned in Mu uihle In make a night of it, and await his icluiii. ! CH,\j'Ti;H III. It ,<"iu 11 iirii'hl ol'iiil :i 1 1 1 Suo,iiir>i i n-li.t was iter in-mined lo Ijihiig a"eoin|ninicd l>.\ at least liiilf a d'.en of his Vn w lini r idieg out, had a iHlhn uneasy fe« hng jih lie rr.de nil alone, lb" "hndmv of (o.nMjf Hnd I. is horse bring reproduced in I'.oO isin jiu-I . x- 1 npgrrate.l lengths oil the read h.-foir him w he chilteied along, liner I he desire to give, up this s range r\ p'-dil ion and ride home to his quarters seized him. Wlat if n bund of rebels were hiding behind some of U.psa lurks ready 10 jiny off' uuifiy an old seme He luilf tuined his horse's head, and then I ho 1 bought ef wh; t lligid weuld tue.ui tlaslivrl upon him. : He would l«e branded aa a eoivaid, would fossibly be distiiissed from his post, of Captain us unwmthy to hold i! : his reputa tion as a lignrous coin ft :a odor would bcgonc;i! ho would be scorned, laughed ul, Hpat upoo/j liy his biotlier officerB. He— he would see it out. The lonely moootnin read had never | seemed so long. Still he halt dreaded the termination of his ride. It eame into eight at last— the sharp beod of the road where he ' had run foil tilt into the prieat. Sorely . enough, there was the light, glimmering and ( moving about, thai had given the place the name of being haunted. There was yet a steep incline to climb before he reached it, apd Saunders paused and gazed a long time before he began the ascent. The roeka at the bend of the void abut oot the moonlight from tho path, and tho light which shone at the Priest's Corse " wae all the more dis- tinct and terrible becaoee the place waa in shadow. " The Priest's Cnree ''—how natur ally thia title now came to hira aa it did to everybody. ,f The Priest's Corse "—on him ! Great dropB of sweat buret out upon him as the recollection of the priest's last words came back with renewed force— "The curse of a lost soul be upon you if you refuse me this !" " Bah !" he mattered at last, " bow many curses hove I got ? Why should I IbiDk of them ? I will see it out." He rode oa till he came within a short distance of the spot. Then ho saw, with a shudder he could scarcely repress, the form of a man holding a light. It waa oot the ghost of the priest at anyrate, for this man was smaller. Perhaps it was some trickery mi— owuicaibito wmi wittoea to inguvea him by personating ifae ghost of the priest I he had killed. If so, he should die, and 1 quickly. I Saunders got down quietly off hi hor&e; and tethered it to the stump of a tree that I jutted out from the wall of rock. Then, with his hand on his sword, he crept forward as silently as be could. It wis a strange eight that met hie eyes when he came within close range. The 1 light that had perplexed him and everybody j was caused by a candle, stuck io so old- i fashioned horn lantern. It was carried by , a wild-looking fellow in rags, with unkempt | hair on his bare head. Just now he was , bitting on a rock, holding the lantern in bia | left hand, and intently regarding something which the Captain could not discern, in the I other. j | The Captain instinctively felt for a pistol, J and found that he had left the dinner-table | without providing himself with one. Then he drew his sword and marched threaten ingly up to the tattered fellow who hold the lanlcro. " What are you doing here ? Who are you?" he thundered, io his most authori tative tone — a tons that had often made poor peasants quake, and foretold their doom. " Mcnnmeis Danny— Danny Lynch," said the accoBted one, looking up with a strange glitter in hiB eyes. " An' your name is Si'.uodere— Black Saundrre, that's kilt the priest una many a good man besides. No. Nhotii ye." Helhnistfonhapistol in his skinny hand. It. was at full cock, and the Captain, who was ' about to use his sword, drew back. I " Now, Blnck .Saunders," said Danny, 1 j " I'm g!ad yeh've coma at last, for I'm tired waitin' for veh. night after night. But | | 1 knew vch'd como when 1 found id." j " Found what?" asked (lie Captain, seeing ! that he had a maniac to deal with, and . watching with some perturbation the pistol ! that covered bis capacious person. " Found what ? — tho bullet yeb killed the . print wid," eaid the idiot, gleefully. " D'yeh : mind the night yell killed him ? — well, he j was guin to see mv mother. ' Danny/ uz | she. ' I'm goin' to die. I haven't seen a 1 priest for years ' sex she. 8ure1y God ! won't take mo away without, givin me a . cltinco iv savin' me sowl.' N'o mother/ 1 wv. I, ' I know there's a priest hidm' be.vant Ine mountain, in Tim Hnrgsdon's hay-loft, , 1 for he sed Mass thrrr last Sunday. I'll go ; nn' bring him in yph/ Fez 1. ' I'll bring him : Lhuugli I carry hun on rue back all the whv — I I'll bring him dead or alive.' I went away ! as light ns a feather and found the priest 1 en miles from here. ' Come quirk. Father, , j Fez 1 ' if ye want to save c soul ; inn mother is pravin Ihu mint for God to l»ve the 1 , breath in her til! vou can spake the words iv . 1 comfort to her poor sowl. I'll come a j quick as I can/ ez he; juet go back an ; May hesidp yer motlier, me good hoy. till i 1 enmr, Trll bur 10 keep up her heart.' m 7. hp. 'for no danger will M«»p me from igoin'lo her.' 1 went home an toiild me ! mother, an' we waited on till the darkness i was giuwin. 4 Mebbe Tat her Mahoney : won't lind bis wav over the mountain,' at-z i. 1 ' I'll go along a bit ao' meet him/ I came ' back, an' J saw sogers on horeeback. I , ciei>L behind the rocks, an' 1 saw you. Black ; SuuniletB. with tliiB pistol in vrr liand. I saw the priest, an' beard him beg yeb to let him St u y be my mother's side till ilie w;if I dead. I lieatd yuu 6a, v, 4 Let her die ao meet ,\du in hell.' lia ! ha ! if she's in hell, you'll . meet Iter there, Black SauDdcr. Yeh allot the pncM, an' dammed mc mother's soul." I His voice rose to a scream, and bis speech, ; which at first seemed quite calm and coher- ! ' cut. rambled off into wild jerky sentences. His eyes began to glow with a queer light. ! but they did not relax their Mare from the! j (!iptiiin's face, which was now quite pallid. I ! The idiot iHDghed. j \ ' 1 -aid that night that I'd kill you. Black , Saundeis. with tho same bullet thai you | 1 killed him. I had t.be pistol, an' wnn night 1 erupt into your barracks an stole the ; powdher. But I couldn't get 1 lie bullet, I ' kem here an' searched night after night. I found id at last, buried in the grnfi« there. Thin I wailed an' waited for you to como. Yeh'rr here now, an' I'm gnir/ to kill yeh— Willi rac pistol an UUIICI Iiiut HIIU. 8aund»:t> turned to fly. The idiol pulled the trigger, laughing gleefull.v tlu1 while. There w'(js a loud report, and bauuderx fell. lie ginnned and ktckcrl. and then luv Mill. The idiot bent over bun and lutigheri loudly. J " Tim bullet that killed the priest— yeli "ve I get it hark. Black Saundera," lie cried, and 1 j threwinc down ihe still smoking pistol and i !h(ii!«rn. he ran away across ihe liog, bis | j inugli wunding eerie in the Mill night. j ! The dinnr-i pnitv waited fur Saunders till i daybreak, and then went forth to lunk for , I |i: 111. They found him stone dead, on the ' . v»> vp' t where the light was sce.u which ' 1 iievvi appeared again. (Tim End.) 