ORANGE & BA7THURST. [BY SAIADIN.] The Baihurit Fret Prett ii an old, not to **y adecrepid and doting, newspaper. 1 will no 1 sajr thak|ts senile existence has been prolapged by the ad ventitious did of a honse agency business, and apoultry farm. It is a paper,, tijat I r®speot,just as I respeot the relics of any primeval endeavour. Lwt Saturday the hoaryh«fcded Free Prat printed a letter a column long, signed "A Visitor," but a letter whioh no amount of "garden-stuff" will induce me to believe was written by anybody oateide of the .Free Prett offioe. I cannot say positively that ithe letter was wiitten by Mr. Gloucester White, or by Mr. Charles White ; but, before I go any farther, I will beg of those gentlemen to disabuse their very clear and Intelligent minds of Boy larking supposition that I am to be imposed upon by any journalist that the noble typhoid town of Bathurst has, up to date, been able to dig up. The letter referred to starts off with the following introduction:— Sir,—As so much has been said of late disparaging of Bathurst and laudatory of Orange, you will kindly allow me to offer a few comparisons, which have come under my own obserration, as a resident of bath towns for a number of years, and a constant visitor of late to one of them. What I shall say is the record or conclusion drawn from actual experience, not hearsay, and I think I can safely challenge substantial contradtotion, although, doubtless, the comparison will pro re " odious " to some of the good people of the more western town. I knew a man in London who told me that he once went over to New York in three ships. He meant it as a joke, but this is the first time I ever beard of a man claiming to be a resident of two towns forty miles apart. It seems to me that even the Free Prat geni asses will recognise this serious discrepancy. The "comparison* -does not prove at all odious to the " more western" and less fever-stricken town; it only preves amusing, as I will show later on. I may mention right here that 1 am asking the proprietor of this paper to allow me to print the whole letter, becanse I do not want to give Messrs White a possible chance of crawling out of the matter by saying that the letter has been misquoted, I wasn't born yesterday, and know from bitter experience tew often a newspaper rival will get behind the hedge of alleged *• misquotation." That is why I propose to take the whole letter, and pull it to pieces as it deserves. Here followeth paragraph number two:— The first thing ihat strikes a visitor in Orange is the frequency with whioh the question is put to him—" Well, what do you think of Oiangel"—just the same as a stranger going to Sydney is confronted at every turn with the query. "What do .you think of our beautiful harbour !" Well, as far as Sydney is oonoemed the citizens really have something to ''blow " about. There is no getting away from the fact that the harbour is beautiful. Bat as ' for Orange, what the people up there have to boast of I certainly do not know, and I do not think that they in reality know themselves. At the present time the people of Orange are very much elated at the thought that they are going to kave the Federal Capital, and I believe that most of them are of the opinion aod really do believe that Orange is the hub of the universe ; and (hat as a matter of fact the Federal Capital most come to Orange. Well, we (halt see ; time will telL I am not one of those who think the federal capital will come to Orange, but I am sure th :t It cannot, under any possible circumstances, go to Bathurst, because Bathurst is less than 100 geographical miles from Sydney. I am sure of this, however, that if the federal capital oomes qn the western line at all, it is bound to oome to Orange. " A Visitor"—I don't know which Mr White he is, but if he wasn't one Mr White,-he would have sent his opinions to a somewhat livelier paper—says he was frequently asked, " What do you think of Orange T" and he compares this with the old weary lie that a visitor to Sydney is asked " What do you think of our beautiful harbor?" Now, I was onoe a newchum Englishman visiting Sydney, and I solemnly swear that in the coarse of eighteen years tto person has ever asked me what I thought abont Sydney Harbor, And, even if the old yarn had any truth in it, Orange has quite as much right to boest of its climate as Sydney has of its harbor. We didn't make oar climate, but did Matt. Harris make Sydney Harbor! The Free Prett suborned witness, however, who is ashamed of his name, and very properly so, says he cannot see what we have to boast of in Orange. It ought not to be a matter of boasting, natural advantages are not made by men; bnt, if natural advantages are to be tegarded as matters for boasting, we boast of this : We have a deathrate that is far lower than that of Buthurst, notwithstanding the faot that many cases of serious illness come here in the hope of recovery. We boast that for every oase of typhoid in Orange there are fire oases in Bathurst. And we olaim that the vigor, dotation of life, and low deathrate of ths natives of Orange prove, beyond any cavil at all, that this town is the healthiest west of the Blue Mountains. What is more, we are always ready to challenge a moribund journal like the Free Ftett, or a live newspaper like the Bathunl Timet or the National Advoaate, to publish a csmparison of official returns. Bete is some more ofitj—. For some reason, or other. Orange people appear to be veiy muoh trouoled aboutBathunt —why, I really do not know; the 'fact remains they are. If you hapipen to be from Bathurst and visit Orange, and if tbe people of Orabge know tbat yoU cpms from Bathnrst they will tell yoa at onoe, and they will tell you at onoe, and they will tell you often, that Bathnrst has not got "'the ghost .of a ohanoe." "You have no water,*' thiy will you ; " Tour olimate is too hot; yoa hsve not got the natural advantages that .Orange has, and Bathurst is not in the, Tannins' at aU." Why the people of Orange should at all worry themselves about Bathurst is a myptery, but still tbey do. They will tell ypu that Orange is a tar superior town to BatUfcrst; that their streets art better i their footpaths, their parks, and everything else is better.,. _ ftese oomparispn? ? Is it becanse Orange is jealous of Bathu'st, orwhatf There mast be some oause for this persisting " blow," for •« blow" it is. If Orange likes to compare, Bathnrst.rficmld^bej quite willing, for anyunbia-Wjodge rfHUarthe latter his all the best of iu Let ns see wxiit can be said on the subjspt. •• Only a Bathurst man ppttld have written those two paragraphs. Who ever hSard of any comparison being raised T We know Bathnrst is a bigger town, because it b older, and has the. Bishops' tlie're, and the Circuit Court and" Assises, and the gaol, where about a third of its population resides ; and a big Post Offioe, and a 8ohnolt>f Mines that poor old Syd. Smith was kidded into giving It, and got bumped out of Parliament for his pains. We know Bathurst b M /3? t 08 b ? dl 7 fa 8« ttin « Government spoonfeeding. We know Bathurst has a very fine ^ ^ " big as a~tableeloth though not so useful. Bat we are not jealotu. W»£jhoul4 we be jsaleni whra our town for 20 yean has been gelngabeai whlleBathurst has been standing (till T Why should we be jtealoaB when houses are going up all over Orange and East Orange, while in Bathnrst the baiUB's notioe " 10 let" stares you in the faoe at every street corner? Are people jealous of persons who areobviously drifting on to insolvency 1 If Mo Orange'may be jealous of Bathurst, but not Otherwise. Jealous 1 VTou might as well talk ot London being jealous of Newbridge. If we have any feeling of jealousy against Bathurst at all it is in respeot to the manner in which the descendants of the " old hands'* have been able to milk the Government oow in Burrville. But as a general rule we are too busy attending to our trade, which is at least five times as great as that of Bathurst (I challenge the Free Prat to get official returns on this point) to bother about the blatherskite of the unemployed busineF, people in Bathnrst or anywhere-else, In the following will be found some lovely pulyerlegism:— For a beginning, then, the Orange people say they have a splendid water supply—a supply whioh can't be beat. Well, what can be said on that point? Dating the last couple of years there was a soaroity of water in Orange, to «uoh an extent that the gutters could not be flushed and the gardener would not be allowed to use the water at certain times for watering the park, so that the waterholes in the park were allowed to dry up or to become stagnant for want of water. And, mind, Orange has only 4000 inhabitants to Bathurst's 10,001. If Orange had ths population ot B\thurst there would have been a water famine there these last two years. Now, with regard to Bathurst, the water works as at present constructed are certainly also a failure, but the people of Bathurst can th tnk one of the previous Governments for that. The people of Bathnrst trusted the Government and their highly paid officers too much,/expecting that they would recommend and carry out tbe best available scheme. But experience has taught them the reverse. But while admitting partial failure in this respeot, let'ine ask—is Orange aware that Bathutst is contemplating a water scheme by gravitation (Federal oapital or no Federal oapital) lhat will furnish one of the best gravitation supplies in the colony ? May I tell them that Bathurst has reaourcgfc£f_y_hich sufficient water oan te impounded toramta&lf; a million of people with water for^tWAJRears independent of rain after once the eqattmbiated gigantio natural reservoir gets AQc water; and that its watershed orsvei area includes nothing less than betwdM 600 square miles, as. oompared to th$* miles of Orange. Bathurst can supply£^$ftili£y with water—oan Orange? iy^efr j] The man says that there was a 8csrcit^.^f?#aier in Orange'a oouple of years ago. Weil,'.if you want to tell a damnable lie one damnable lie- is just as good as another. There is no law that I know of whioh will prevent me from Saying that there never was a town called Bathurst. It is only when you are arguing on facts that you need be particular; if both partioi agree to argue out a 'matter on the basis of tbe oap&city; to tell the biggest lie, any yarn will do. I have been ten years in Orange ani I say that any man who says there was ever a scarcity of water here is an unblemished liar. Apart fiom the sabomed witness of the Free Prat I appeal to the educated men of both Orange and Bathurst, and to eduoated men who never saw either town. Ia the first .plaoe Orange is 3000 feet above sea level, in the second plaoe it has on the west-south-west Mount Canoblas, and on the east-north-east the Bulga Mountain, each of which is 2000 feet above the town level: * leave it to any man who understands topography or even geography, and I maintain that it is a physical impossibility for this town to be short of water; the height of the ground' above sea level will not admit of it. As a ihatto: 'of aotuM VnoWlodge the only complaint t^fe ius ever been made against Orange is that it gets too much rain, I will give my bilions friend, whom I still suspeot to be one of the looal pressmen, this muoh in : Because of the^ntaual rainfall in Orange the outlet from out Ham,-was made high, and a few years ago when ivp'j⇔ a few weeks dry weather (Bathurst weis flying'.ia few months drought at the aame pfr^V'itte question wss'raised of whether wsL'iii^ht' 'to have a lower out-let, but there has aiw^^ie&i; enough water in the" Orange rcservoif'bq'puppty not only the present town, but the'>toWi£«8\it will be when Bathurst is a memory of the'~past, remembered only by relatives ef the old bushrangers. I have no doubt that Bathurst is contemplating a better water soheme, as my friend says. If I were a oastaway on a desert island I would oontemplate the idea of a good dinner. I' have no doabt that Bathnrst is capable of contemplating a water aoheme that will be the best in tbe oclony. They have suoh a water scheme in London—but it isn't in Bathurst. I leave it to any engineer in the town of Bathurst itself— if there is an engineer left there; they tell me most of them have left to avoid going stone broke like the rest of the citizens; but if there is an engineer who has been foolish enough to stay in tbe ancient snd decaying village, I ask him to oonsiderthe reasonable probabilities of rainfall in a high mountainous country, over a low plain country like Bathurst, Why, some of the more selfish farmers in this distriot actually pray for a drought, because we never " miss the bus," and when other plaoes do we get a big price for our. ptoduoe. No doubt Bathurst is oontemp'aling a water pchemeth&t; will supply Sydney. Itcan keep on,"bontemplatiug;" we've gotlt. Tho man says thai jOrabge has 4,000 inhabitants, while Batbursfc has 10,000. Moored Australian Almanac,. 1900, a standard work, says this. fiathurst, population 9,162; Orange, population of boroughs of Orange and East Orange 11,586. I haven't oounted all the people in Orange, and Moore may be wrong, but I'll bet a bit that he's a more truthful liar .than the Free Freu Ananias. Here is the 'finish ot the manufactured detraction:— The olimate of Orange Is certainly a bit damper than the olimate of Bathurst, but what thenf The olimate of Bathurst is dryer and purer , than that of Orange, "and as a better health resort Bathurst mast come to the fore for a dry air ia far more beneficial for pulmonary complaints; and when it comes to temperature, well, Bathurst always gives a true report. If the thermometer registers 100 degrees in the shade, the faot is staled honestly; but Is that the case .with Orange J : As a matter of faot, I have myself Mien as maoh as 95 dsgtees by several thermometers. there, but the offioial thermometer would record 80, or perhaps 85 degrees, for the simple reason that the offioial thermometer of .Orange is kept iu tbe post office yard, whioh is surrounded wjith highbrlokwork, so that'it ii pretty well'impossible for the sun's rsy> to penetrate or.shite into it. Should the Orange offioial thermometer by some means be Shifted from its present dark ud shady corner, the zesalt would be astonishing. And, further with regard to the " bsautSul climate'" of Orange; I have seen the thermometer drop frxn 80 degrees in the shade to 36 degrees ia the space of three hours, not onoe, bat often. Why, it would take a cast-iron constitution to stand suoh changes; and surely a olimate as tricky as that oannot ,be classed as healthy We have often heard the Orange people say that they have had to light their fires in summer time towards night; Jpstpo, the ohahges are so sadden from hot to oold. that files mast be tif Bt«d 19 e^MkUif msttMi A little. Sorely any man will see how the donkey beats his own bray when he says the Orange olimate is damper than that of Bathurst. How oould Bathurst, a plain country, have a better water supply than Orange if Orange, a highland mountainous oountry, is damper? Besides, they have to pump every pint of water they drink in Bathurst, and the water. Is so scarce that the brewers sell beer at ha'f *the price you oan get it in Orange, solely, to rave the inhabitants from dying of thirst. $ It is true that we do not keep the offioial thermometer in Orange in a ibaker's oven ; but, it it would please Bathurst, We have no objection to baking tho thermometer. "Bathurst," says iqy friend, "gives a true report of tbe temperature." Well, the Orange postmaster, wbo takes the offioial register, does not belong to this plaoe, and I, for one, deoline to believe that he is any bigger liar than the postmaster in Bathurst. I prefer to believe that both officials tell the truth, though I have m objection ts the Free Prett calling Its postmaster a liar if it wants to, and perhaps the Bathurst postmaster will take it as a compliment, like 'the costermonger did the kiok from the jaokasa. It is true the thermometer drops here sometimes, I have seen it drop off the nail myself; bat the statement that in three hours it has dropped from 80 degrees to 35 is a villainous lie, and the man who says it is a villainous liar, which the same is one i)f the advantages oi having to tackle a ooward who is afraid to print his name on the bottom of his lies. Nobody in Orange asked or challenged the Free Prett, or any other moribund fly-paper, to institute comparisons between the live town of Orange and the dying desert of Bathurst; but if, as is threatened, there is to be a further troughful of literary hogwash, I oan promise the Free Prett that matters will not be at all minoed in my next rejoinder. 