? How My Uncle,X«ost His Will By Marie Donegan Walsh. I am quite aware that tfhoat stories are not tie fashion nowadays: we hive done away with such nonsense for ever, and explained all theories of ft supernatural agfeney with good, sound, commonsense facta, which appeal to our highly cultivated reasoning powers. If anyone sees ghosts it is due to disordered nerves pt a disordered liver, or treated altogether at a practical joke of somewhat played-out character. But in spite of our vomited progress and superiority to such things, J. think human nature is much the same in the nineteenth century , of phonographs and Eontgen rays aa it was in the good old days when all men believed in spirits. However, be this as it may, I never was much of a believer in ghosts; in fact, had not given the suojeot any consideration, whatever, having been far too much occupied with " other things, besides • being a most practical person, without a touoh of dreaminess or superstition in my composition. Therefore the story I am about to relate, which is the one incomprehensible episodfe in my Otherwise humdrum life, may be interesting to others who feel in the same way about spiritual occurrences. Of course those who sit in the Beats of the scornful may explain the thing in the most lucid and scientific manner pcBsible, and in a way wholly convincing to themselves, but to me it is one of the mysteries of Life, and will always remain such. So I can only relate the facts as they happened, and leave wiser brains than mine to decide their meaning. But now for my story, which from this preamble may api>ear a much more exciting affair than it really is. In the days when it all happened, not so many years ago, I was a young lawyer waiting patiently for the briefs that were so slow to come. I had my office in a good building in a prominent street (which co6t me, Dy the way, far more than I could afford), but ncJ luck ever seemed to come my way; and as time went on I became thoroughly depressed, for the outlook was anything but hopeful, and my little capital, slender at the beet, slowly decreased. A profession or business of some kind was absolutely necessary for me, for I was not like many fellows who Lave rich fathers to fall back upon if their playing at a profession fails as a means of livelihood. My father had died a year before, when I waa at Harvard; and when affairs were settled up it was found that we were considerably poorer than we had imagined, and my mother had only a small annuity on which she could just manage to live in comfort. Having studied for the law by my own Special desire, and being at that time altogether hopeftil of succeeding in it eventually, I hatefl to give up the profession I had chosen for a business which might bring me quicker returns, so I decided to struggle on awhile. My only near relative beside my mother was an old uncle, my father's eldest brother—reputed to be very rich, but a terrible miser, and his behaviour towards us after my father's death, at a time when he could have helped my mother in many ways, disgusted me with him. For myself, I wanted neither his patronage nor support; for even from a child I disliked him, and never willingly approached him. A. keen, successful business man himself, hard and stern, my uncle had the greatest possible contempt for my father's unlneky speculations, which had cost us so dear; and in the perfunctory visit of condolence he paid us, the only consolation he affofded was the characteristic one that "poor Henry always was a fool in business matters, and he supposed his son would follow in his footsteps." This speech naturally" did not mend matters between us, and relations became, more strained than ever. Ti:o breach culminated about a year before the events'I am about to relate took place, when I became engaged to Clare Summers,. the prettiest girl in Baltimore, refined, lovely, and sweet in every way. atod - of a very good family, but, like myself, not over-blessed with this world's goods, and, moreover, the daughter of a man Ay unclehad some business trouble with and disliked immensely. We were -Very much in love, Clare and I, and with love and youth between us and confident of success, We feJt all votild come. rig™ in time, and were content to wait till fortune shoTfld-wiak iii two® me suddenly, a^TafcouJdvaifc up one morning and ftad myself fam«w. Just aft** ourjfcgagflment my un^e paid us oiie -^i-l&wiodio;&l; visits (he only oame jrjwfc h»d spmetJiia* oib asreeible to alone, her,' wo' d-found my mother " >hie displeasure on Nop; to a state of perfect * £lfie v 'idea of "two young ifii. r .t&tijftut; a cent beof • getting *narried.'jBn'clc^ ' ' With, the -p^ujting assurance ' "•to $hiB "unwa 5 m * ' •on to kfcow. When I darie 3iome and heard of his visit, my Tage at hie meddling in my affairs -'was almost equal to his own, and poor mother had :to bear the brunt of two storms; but what mothers will endure is past the comprehension of mortal man. Of course, like all hotheaded young fools, I lost no time in writing my uncle a letter, and telling him I would thank him not to trouble himself about my affairs; that I should marry whom I pleased, and he was quite at liberty to leave his money to any one he liked, as 1 had never counted on it in the least. Needless to relate, after my first passion cooled down, I regretted the impetuosity of my letter, and my manner of wording it; but for the li« of me I can't say yet that I regret the substance of it, for his attack was both unwarrantable and unjust. We heard nothing more from my uncle after this, and I plodded on as best I could; but it nearly drove me wild to think of Clare, wasting hei^ bright young girlhood waiting for me, when she might have had so many richer and better fellows than myself. In fact, I had almost determined to go to her and bre|k the engagement, cost me what it would; for it was an injustice to ask her to continue it. Through all my disappointments and failures my darling stood by me, and her brave, cheery words of hope were my only solace in a world that looked black enough to discourage anyone. And, indeed, I began to think that the worst had come to the worst one cold wintry 1 day early in the new year, when I sat in my chilly little office (I couldn't afford to heat it even with a gas stove), and looked dismally around from the scanty furniture and grim old lawbooks which formed my only stock-intrade to my light pocket-book, where a few dollar-bills were the only thing left between me and failure, unless I drew on my mother's small allowance, which I steadily refused to do in spite of her repeated generous offers—the dear mother! Just as I waa seriously turning over in my mind oy what work I was beet adapted to earn an honest living, a ring came at my door, and the hope that springs eternal in the human breast rose within me, and I straightened myself up in the expectation of the long-looked-for ' client. Alas for my hopes! It turned out to be only the postman with a letter; but even a letter was better than nothing in the present low ebb of affairs, and I took it eagerly, only to experience a fresh thrill of disappointment when I recognised in the address my uncle's characteristic handwriting, minute almost to invisibility. I knew the man too well not to believe that he had anything pleasant to communicate, and I was well aware that no idea of relenting would ever come into his flinty old heart. The letter was short, business-like, and to the point; altogether so like my uncle that I had to laugh there by myself when I had finished it-but not a mirthful laugh by any means. It ran: "Dear Nephew Henry,—I wish to make a new will, having mislaid my old one; and as you are my brother's Bon and a lawyer (thougn I hate the whole race of them), I feel it my duty to give you a' little business in spite of your unwarrantable behaviour to me. Of course, not being interested in the will in any way (as I told you at our last meeting), it is quite legal that you should draw it up! Therefore I shall be obliged if you can make it convenient to come out to Allanmore tomorrow evening and do this business for me. I will send carriage to meet you at 7.30 train.—Yours sincerely, "John Allanmore West." What did the old man mean by this communication? Did he only want to remind me, for fear I might be tempted to forget the fact, tnat I was cut off his inheritance, or was it in contemptuous pity ior my briefless Btate, or oven perhaps intended for a grim practical fjoke? My unole, however, was by no means inclined to jo)ring of any sort, and I decided to write him an instant refusal, alleging too much occupation in the city as ^n excuse. But the extreme absurdity of it struck me in its most ludicrous light as I thought of how easily my urgent engagements could be postponed. At the lame time I felt anything but inclined to eat humble pie, and accept that curt and peremptory summons iust wheri he ohose to extend the hand of patronage ing lull w .~ to me. "The old miser wants td save L T r t f£T by employing"" me,"- 'i thought "for I'm morally certain it is not from any love of his nephew. I believe I will astonish him after all by taking him at his word, a* nothing better offers just now, and if his tries to get the better of me he will find his match." My uncle's letter had- come just af. the right time. Under other circumstances I would not even have noticed it, but I had grown so desperate enforced inaction that I positively corned a change of any sort—a tasomething to which I could la; hand. 80 I went home and informed mother of my intentions, showing uncle's letter, over which she w—,, highly indignant, packed my slender portmanteau, and started next evening for Allanmore in a not particularly Christian frame of mind. Like all local trains, the train simply crept through the snow-oovered fields of the dreary winter landscape; and when it finally drew up at tne country station whioh was the nearest point to Allanmore, the short January twilight was already falling, damp and chilly. My uncle's carriage, which waited for me, was a lumbering, heavy affair, of the kind probably in fashion in the colonial days; and it was drawn by two fat old horses of ancient and Bolid appearance. But the inside of the vehicle proved most luxurious, and as I sank bacic into ite roomy deptlhs it appeared dv no means the worst place one could choose for a long two hours' drive through the hill country, the bleak winds were whistling outside with a cutting blast. It scarcely seemed half-an-hour before we were passing the stone gates of my uncle's mansion, and bowling smoothly along the gloomy avenue of sycamores which led to the houae. As we drew up at last before the portico with its imposing columns, the house presented an appearance of uniform and absolute gloom; for not a light' appeared at any of the windows, and I reflected, half jokingly, half angrily, that my uncle had certainly not failed the fatted calf for my arrival. By the time the coachman had ponderously descended from his perch and opened the door of the carriage, the hall door was flung open and an old butler appeared, holding up a lamp, behind which he peered out cautiously into the darkness—evidently expecting that I might be bringing a band of tramps or house-breakers in my train. He ushered me into a fine old oa* wainscoted hall, which looked <;old and dreary even with its huge open fireplaces, and explained to me on the way to my room that Mr. West never left his rooms in the evening, but would be pleased to see me after I had dined. Matters were better in my own room, for it was small and cosy, more modern looking than the gloomy apartments we had passed, and even boasted a small though economical fire. After telling me that dinner would be served as Boon as I was ready, the old butler took himself off with his lamp, leaving me to the mild radiance of a couple of wax candles; and when my simple toilet was completed I proceeded to descend, but was somewhat taken .aback at finding no light in the corridor, so I had to return tor <5ne of my tall silver candlesticks to light me on my way. After several wrong turns for the house seemed to be fairly overrun with corridors and staircases— I finally found my way to the dining room, where my old friend, the proachable butler, waited on me gloomy state. It was a splendid apartment, hung with fine old family portraits, among which the most recent was my Uncle John, with his keen, cold face and piercing eyes, and as I sat in solitary magnificence in an oasis of light at the end of the long table, with a hearty appetite disposing of the various dishes the butler brought me, I wondered fancifully what would be done with all this brave company of Allanmoreg when their present owner went over to the maiority. They would very probably be knocked down in a jou- lot by an auctioneer, or perhaps my uncle might leave his portrait to my mother and myself as a token of his affection. He was quite capable of doing such a thing. One matter, however, the old gentleman had not economised on in this dreary old mansion of his, and that was his ohef; for I never sat down to a better-cooked, better-served dinner. . I can see my fin-de-si ecle reader raising his eyebrows j as he reads my » 00m mints on' the dinner^aud saying with superior intuition, "That explains the iu»v story." Bat let m* observe from tue outset that the argument will not answer, for, fortunately for myself, I have the digestion of that much-abused bird, the -ostrich; and even 'now, in my sober middle age, have yet to taste the dinner which ooUld give me the fhtmare. after dinner, smoking an exwaiting till it should 3 summon me, it ap- :8 de&raole; thing to iluxury and comfort; Ihought of• Clare, and Jhave suited: her state- — ^ ™ chatelaine of this fine stead of a poor man's itt^ -wMHul the sordidness and petty troubles of a daily struggle with scantymeans. m It is well for a man to be obliged to work and have th,e spur of necessity, for it brings out the manliness of his nature; but for a woman it is another thing, and, in spite of the New Woman theory, I think a woman is better and happier in her home, life, undisturbed by business and its cares. More and more bitter grew my thoughts as I went over "what might have been" under different circumstances ; and when the noieeless butler approached once more to say that "Master would be pleased to see me now, if quite oonvenient," I rose in anything but a complaisant humour to face my grim old kinsman, feeling more than half inclined to throw the whole business over, and let the old miser find someone else to draw up his will than his much- injured nepnew. But my good angel prevailed, and in the end I found myself meekly following the man along the interminable, badly-lighted corrid- ors towards my uncle's rooms, whicb were situated in a modern wing of the house, far apart. We had traversed, as it seemed to me, a distance of about half a mile, when the bntler paused at last at a door at the very end of the corridor, knocked, and threw open the door, announcing pompously, "Mj. Henry West." A tall figure drew itself slowly out of a capacious chair to greet me, and I could hardly restrain a start of surprise when I recog^sed in this feble, aged figure, with its white hair, my Uncle John, whom I had last seen barely two years ago, a halo and hearty man. Defiant as I felt, my feelings were somewhat softened by his appearance, and, as if divining this and resenting it, the old man hastened to greet me with one of his usual sharp speeches. "Well, nephew Henry," he said, testily, as he shook hands, "doh't stand there staring as if you had seen a ghost! I am changed, no doubt, sinoe we met, but I tell you, yonng man, one doesn't pass through an illness like mine of last winter without its telling upon one, and I am no longer as youusus I was!" K Taken aback by this direct referenoe to my thoughts, I Btammered something about not being aware of his illness, etc. . "Of course not/' he snapped \ "you are not in the habit Of troubling yourself much whether I live or die ; but," with a keen glance under his 'shaggy eyebrows, "I don't mean to die just yet, and in any case it won't make any difference to you. By the way, do you still keep up that confounded nonsense with the Summers girl, or have you come to your senses at lastf If he had intended to rouse vie from my first impulse of pity for him into a deliberate rage, he succeeded thoroughly. All my old dislike and antagonism came back redoubled at his taunting words, and I was beginning a reply as insulting as his own, when it struck me how thoroughly childish it was to quarrel with an old man like this. 80, with an effort, I restrained myself, and said in studiedly oa}m tones: "I don't think I came here to discuss my private affairs, Uncle John, so we will leave them alone, if you please. I understood you- wished to see me on business matters; but if this is not so, I must ask you to excuse me, as I have no time to waste en useless discussions.'' "Hoighty-toity I" quoth my uncle indignantly • "what are the young people coming to, indicating what their elders shall say—private Rjtairs, business matters, forsooth!" And he went on with a torrent of angry words; but there was an odd twinkle in his eye as after awhile he drew hie despatchto^* rd8 hi™' and prooeeded to give »U the instructions about his will' in the most business-like manner; and whejl ,t W M np in due form, and I read it to him for his signature, ha nodded approvingly from time to time as if in high gbod humour at the disposal of his property. I believe the oia wretch thought he was infixing » terrible punishment upon me in doing this; bat it really troubled me very little now who fell hair fco fcis miserable mojiey u long, I. *M ^out of the running., Ai) last all the fonnajitie* w«i« completed; two of the about the place wert called id to fcitnesB the document, and the business ended. I waited in silence to hear if the old man had anything else to say, determined not to be the first to oommence a conversation. He threw himself back into his chair with an air of relief, looking at me furtively from time to time, as if to seq the result of his tactics; but my bored air of Titter indifference had produced its effect upon him, as I knew it would, and he grew really angry at last, piqued at hie failiute to draw me out: so I was not surprised when he wished me a ourt good- night, signifying his desire of being alone. Equally ready to gratify him, I jumped up at once and moved towards the door, but et as Igppened it he called after'me: "As yoii confine yourself BO strictly to business matters, nephew, perhaps it will not suit you to wait till to-morrow morning for your fee, but I must ask you to do so, a6 it is inconvenient for me to give it to you just now." If he thought I would say he did not owe me anything he was greatly mistaken, for I intended having my pound of flesh as well as himself,- so, disregarding the sneer in his voice, I merely, answered cooly that it would do perfectly well in the morning, for I felt if the conversation continued my powerB of endurance would not hold out, and I should end by giving my uncle a piece of my mind. When I reached my room it was nearly twelve o'clock, and I locked the door of my sanctum behind me with a feel- ing of relief, and prepared for a comfortable smoke by the fire, being glad to be alone once more, for my uncle's power of stinging and irritating me to the last degree had been fully exercised to-night. I was determined it should be the last time, and that before I went away I should let him know in plain terms that he and I were to be strangers for the future, as I had had enough of this sort of thing. Then I began thinking over what lay before me, seriously now. for all hope of ever inheriting a penny from Uncle John had been settled to-night, and it was time to be up aud doing. But I was Terr tired, and gradually the warmth ana the soothing influence of my cigar combined began to tell on me. I found myself, in spite of my very real trouble and anxiety, becoming prosaically drowsy, and I made up my mind to go to bed and follow the wise advice of letting to-morrow take care of itself. (To be continued.) 