BARS THE IMPOSSIBLE. ? BY SARAH GRAND. [All Eiolttb Reserved.] CHAPTER XXDC.-Continued. Meanwhile the weather had changed. The autumn swept itself away. The equinoctial gales set in botinreB, the temperature went down, and the Inverness cloak, which had been adopted a, an ornament, became a necessity. At last one day, on his return shivering in the early hours of the morning from an all-night sitting, Mr. Jcllybond Tinney noticed as be passed Montacute a room that the door was open. The fact did not strike him particularly until he began to undress, but then all at once, for no reason that he could have given, he was seized upon by an importunate impulse to go and see what ? He did not know, and before he could ask himself, he was out in the passage. Montacute door was certainly ajar. The stupid old riddle recurred to him, but he found no suggestion in it. He listened. There was no sound. Evidently Montacute was not ill. He must either be awake or in a very deep sleep. Mr. Jellybond Tinney thought he would have a look at him just to make sure. Very softly he pushed the door open. The grey dawn lighted the room. Mr. Jellybond Tinney peeped round the curtain at the bed. It was empty. Moreover it had not been slept in at all that night. Mr. Jelly- bond stood transfixed. " Hullo !" said a cheery voice behind him. " Found me out, eh ? Been given away ference ? Well, don't look glum, old chap. It's all right. Boys will be boys, you know-at nineteen. I say, get me some soda-water I'm parched." You young scamp Mr'. Jellybond exclaimed. " And I'm responsible, for you ! You'll came back with me to-day, or .' my name's not Tinney." " Well, it's about time," said Montacute, yawning effusively. " I'm pretty well done. Just give me a few hours' sleep and the soda- water as ye love me. I say "-confidentially " you'd better have taken my advice and shown in the ropes. he would have been safer. But anyhow, I've had a rattling good time." He turned his trousers pockets inside out. '"Stoney broke, and in doubt," he pursued. " You'll have to settle the bill, and pay for the earrings of motions." Mr. Jellybond Tinney waited impatiently until the telegraph offices were open, and then, in his haste to he rid of responsibility, he telegraphed to Dane Court for a carriage to meet them on the arrival of the express that evening. Montacute, looking like a dissipated ghost in a riotous mood, appeared-in time for a late breakfast. He entertained Mr. Jellybond Tinney with a shameless account of his adventures. " You've been trying tolrill-yonrsolf, it seems," that gentleman said, grimly. '. Not a bit of it-done no good," Montacute rejoined ; " and at any rate nobody could blame you if I had killed myself. I don't suppose you would be expected to tuck me up in bed every night and lock the door. Mr. Jellybond had had the same thought in his own mind all the morning, and the expression of it carried conviction home. " A few more hours and you'll be off my hands," he exclaimed. " Thank goodness, eh ?" said Montacute with his uncanny grin. " Now Seasonable." , " You're becoming very like your sister," Mr. Jellybond said. " Babs ? Yes, I see it myself. When my spirits are up, I'm like Baba in character, or at least I should be, very, if I had her vitality." He sighed. " Oh, you'll gain in vitality as you go on," Mr. Jellybond hastened to assure him " but no more of this and he waved his hand significantly towards the great wicked city. They had the Pullman car to themselves on the way down, and as they dashed along, express, Mr. Jellybc&d; Tinney found his equanimity restored. Montacute told him a story which was quite unfit for publication, and that drew from him another and another, with some witticisms interspersed and having once started they kept the hall rolling between them until the train itself seemed to rock with ribald mirth. But Mr. Jellybond Tinney pulled himself up at last in view of his companion's youth, and pointed a tardy moral by asserting that all that sort of thing wastrulyobjectionablo, although undeniably funny. " We can't always be on our best behaviour, I allow," be said " and it is not our occasional lapses but our habitual indulgences that brand us. But you take it from me, my boy, for I know what I am talking about. I've seen many a boy of property and promise like you come to grief, more's the pity, after just such a start as you've been making. Enjoy as you go along, but go gently. Enjoy in moderation if you would enjoy thoroughly and don't you be such a fool as to believe it, no matter who will have it so immoral pleasures are not the finest form of entertainment by any means." They pulled up at the station. A bitter wind swept the platform. The rain was falling in torrents. Mr. Jellybond huddled Montacute into his topcoat. " Qniokto-thä carriage," h said. They dashed out. There was no carriage there. Mr. Jellybond Tinney in his haste had put nothing but " Danehurst " on his telegram, and it had gone to every other Danehurst in the coun try before it reached the right one. There was no cab either, or vehicle of any kind, and the rain was descending in torrents, and the wind blowing icy cold. " Here's a jolly deluge," said Montacute, rolling up his trousers. "What are you doing?" said Mr. Jellybond Tinney sharply. " I'm just going to dash across to The Flag of my Country and see if they can fish us out any sort of a trap." " We'd better stay and sleep there," Mr. Jcllybund advised. " " Not me," said Montacute. " I mean to be tucked up in my own little bed to- night by my mammy." J " But a Seventeen-mile drive in a shandy- dan in such a storm's enough to kill the pair of us." " Rot !" said Montacute. " You wait here, at all events, and let me go and see about the trap." But Montacute dashed out into the rain unheeding and there was nothing for it but to follow him which Mr. Jellybond did, shivering with horrible misgivings. 