THE STORYTELLER. LThe Haunted House by tlie Lake. [By Una Boe.] For the "'Southern Cross. (Conclusion.) "Why, nonsense, my child; it was open five minutes ago, and I have not locked that room for two or three days. Turn the handle with both hands, and it will open." Off went the child again, and again re turned with the same story. Myrtle of fered to go to open the door, and Clara and Mrs. Lee went, too. They all tried to open it, but in vain. Then Mrs. Lee went for the key, but the key was not wanted. The door was not locked, and that was plain to be seen. Mrs. Lee shook her head, and regretted that she could not provide them with warm wraps, as she had no others but what were there. "Oh, never mind about us, Mrs. Lee," said Clara. "Only it seems odd that the door cannot be opened." "Perhaps the jambs are swollen," ob served Myrtle. "It rained the day before yesterday. That may account for it." "Well, I should think that likely," said Mrs. Lee, "if I had not seen the door open a short time ago." "Do you think any one can be holding it on the inside?" asked Clara. "Oh, no; it is not that, I'm sure. This has happened before, more than once. My husband could not open it one day, and I tried in vain another day, and after some time it opened of itself." "Well, let us make one more effort," said Myrtle. Perhaps it will condescend to open for us this time." They all went to the door again, and before any one of them had touched the handle the door slowly moved and stood wide. Clara uttered a ciy, Myrtle laughed, but rather nervously, Mrs. Lee turned pale, and Jemmy clung to his mother. There was no one in the room, nor the sign of any person having been there. They left the door open, and returned to the sitting-room. Mrs. Lee having ob tained the shawls and given them to the visitors. "Mrs. Lee," said Clara, with great earnestness, "if I were you I would leave this place at any cost. I am sure it must be haunted." "Well, I have not seen a ghost yet, and no harm has been done to us so far. I mean we don't hear dradful noises or see spirits, miss, so we can't complain in that way. The only thing is about that door; it opens, and it won't always shut again; it shuts, and it won't always open. But that does not hurt us." "Mother," broke in Jemmy; "didn't father see something the night before he died. You know, he told you about it. I was awake, and heard him quite plainly —about the hand that knocked." "Oh, Jemmy, you dream strange things sometimes; and if poor father did think he saw something, you know he was very ill and weak, and sick people fancy queer things sometimes. I never saw a hand that knocked, except a live hand." "No mother," said the little boy, "but p'raps you will when you are going to die." "Oh, run inside, darling. Here, I mean, sit down there on the steps till I come in. I am going a little way with the ladies." She walked on a little distance with the girls, and offered to explain Jemmy's speech. "I don't like him to get thinking over these kind of things, especially as he is blind, and cannot see things about him to take off the fear he might grow to have. But I don't mind telling you about it. My husband caught a heavy cold, and fell into rapid consumption. He lay dying in that room where I had the shawls. He was always sensible, and knew me and Jemmy to the last. He ne\'er wandered in his mind once, and I daresay he did see it. He told me he did, and heard it, too. It was about 10 o'clock at night, and I was sitting by his bedside, when all at once he said to me, 'Jane, do you see that?' and he pointed with his hand to the floor about the middle of the room. " 'See what?' said I. 'I see nothing.' " 'Well,' said he, 'it is there—a human hand, come up through the floor, and knocking with its knuckles on the boards. Don't you hear it, JaneP "'No,' said I; T hear nothing like a knock.' "'It lias gone now/ he said, 'but it knocked three times distinctly. It is my death summons. I shall die soon, I know/ "Well, I do believe he saw and heard it, but I never did, and I have never told any one about it before, and I want Jemmy to forget all about it." "You are quite right," said Myrtle. "And try to forget about it yourself. Per haps it was only a fancy, and as for the door, there may be a natural cause for that after all, as we may find out some day. So do not alarm yourself, Mrs. Lee." They reached the other end of the lake by this time, and after thanking the good woman for her kindness they said good bye, having promised to seiid the shawls home to her by Jack the nest day. The sun was low by this time, and sinking behind the trees; -long shadows crossed the path along which the girls hastened, and in the distdhce they could hear the cry of the curlew, the notes of wild geese and swans, and the occasional croak of the mopoke among the trees. Before they left the bush track, however, they met Jack Gray, who was coming in search of them. There was great rejoic ing on both sides. Jack's anxious face re laxed into a look of intense relief and satisfaction, and the girls related their adventures to ^im in a few words. He shook his bead, over the "haunted house," and said :'t was all imagination, old women's tales, cic. "But Mrs. Lee is not an old woman, Jack," explained Clara; "she is compara tively young, and a practical woman of good common 6ense, I believe. Why, we saw the door." "Well, if you did; what then? No doubt there is some natural cause at the root of the matter. So do not look so scared. One wrnld suppose that you and Myrtle had seen a ghost at midnight instead, of a door in daylight. I have more enlivening news for you to cheer your drooping spirits. Father has come home, and has brought a visitor, who is going to spend the evening—a great man entirely. So put on your company smiles, and help mother to entertain him." "And who is he, Jack? And where does he come from ?" enquired Myrtle. "Well, it is hard to say exactly who he is beside being a man of very striking appearance—quite a gentleman, I should say—clever, accomplished, and handsome, neither young nor old. He comes from Victoria. Made his pile there at the gold fields ; has a big property in that colony, and is worth ever so many thousands. Father met him in Melbourne." "And what is his name? Do you know?" asked Clara. "Yes, I heard it. I saw his card, too— 'Leonard Moreton, Esq.'" Both the girls uttered an exclamation of surprise. "What is the matter?" said Jack'. "Do you know him?" "Oh, no," replied Clara quickly. "He is a prefect stranger to us, I am sure. Only I was speaking to-day of a Leonard More ton whom I heard of at one time. I never met him, or made his acquaintance, and, besides, this gentleman may be another person altogether." Later on she requested Myrtle not to repeat what she (Clara) had told her about Willie Mclvor and his friend. More than three months had passed from the time that Myrtle and Clara had paid their visit to the Haunted House. Myrtle stood at a window in her father's house, watching eagerly for the return of Clara, who had gone out an hour before. Jack lay on the sofa at the other side of the room reading the papers, and he could not see that Myrtle's blue eyes were full of tears. It was he who broke the silence. "You seem very glum this afternoon, Sis. Not a word have you uttered for the last five minutes. I believe you are fret ting for old Moreton. Never mind; he'll come back I daresay. I daresay he has only gone to make final arrangements for " "Will you talk sense, Jack? I hate old Moreton. I hope I'll never meet him again. I am sorry he ever came here." "Dear, dear; is that so? Well, I'm glad to hear you say so, for I don't like him a little bit myself. But what is the matter, Sis. Not a word have you uttered for the would not be talking in that melodrama tic tone, and you would talk a little more if there was not something up? So come and tell me all about it." Myrtle did not move, or turn her head, but she replied, dashing away her tears as she spoke— "Father is vexed with me, Jack. He wants me to marry Moreton. You know, or perhaps you don't know, that he asked me to marry him, and I refused him. I don't like him, Jack, and I don't trust him, and father says that is all nonsense and prejudice." "Well, I am sorry for you, Sis. And I don't blame you either. Only be brave, and hold out a little. Father will come round by-and-bye, and all will come right in the end. If you take my advice you won't marry Leonard Moreton, if you never marry." "Do you know anything against him, Jack? I wish you would tell father if you do, for it would save a world of trouble, and justify me in my refusal." "No, Myrtle. I can't say I do know any thing definite to the prejudice of the man. I know he was careless in his youth, and scattered the usual handful of wild oats. But I believe he has settled down long since into a state of perfect behaviour, has made ample amends for all shortcomings; in fact, bears an irre proachable character all round. Father knows all this, and, moreover, knows what the man is worth in the money markets, and that is a weighty consideration. But I don't like the man; neved did. He is not my stamp, and I am sure he would not suit you, Sis." "I thank you, Jack. There must be something in the fact that both you and 1 distrust him. He said when he came here first, that he would not stay long—the vicinity had sad associations for him, and dark and painful memories were aroused by familiar sights and sounds, for he had been here before, and he spoke feelingly of poor Mclvor, who had been his friend, and who had died in the bush. I began to think the man had some good in him after all,, and so did Clara. But now he seems to have forgot ten all that. He never speaks of Willie Mclvor ,and though he has gone at last, he is coming back, he says, and he stayed long enough—too long." "He is off with the old love, Sis, because he's on with the new. He has found an at traction in Western Australia, and you will find him a persevering lover, I am afraid. Men of his sort will win or die." "That is not encouraging for me, Jack. Oh, here is Clara. I am so glad. Well, Clara," as her friend entered the room, "How is Jemmy Lee to-day?" "Much better. The doctor thinks he will cure him in time. Poor Mrs. Lee is so happy and grateful. She is blessing you every minute of the day." "Me? You had a share in the good work, Clara. It was well we thought of haying the little fellow removed to the hospital. How does the poor woman look herself?" "Very well. She is not going back to the house by the lake anv more. When Jemmy is better she will take a little two-roomed house in Finnis-street. In the meantime she remains as housemaid at Screvener's. Did I tell you^ Myrtle, that she saw that hand knocking on the floor the evening before she left the house by the lake?" "No. But I daresay she imagined it, or dreamt it." "Well, perhaps so; but, Myrtle, you are distressed about something. What is the matter? Tell me." "Clara., the matter is that man Leonard Moreton. Father wants me to marry him, and I don't want to. Jack is of my way of thinking. What do you advise me to do, Clara?" "Follow the counsels of your own heart and wise head, Myrtle, but don't act hastily. I confess I do not care much for the same gentleman, but I have nothing against him. His affection for poor Willie Mclvor, and the sorrow he has often expressed for his melancholy fate have removed the prejudice I had conceived against him, before I met him."' "Why," broke in Jack, who had risen to his feet when Clara entered the room, and was admiring her from the best point of vantage in the room—"Why, how had you formed a prejudice against him when you did not know him?" Clara colored, hesitated a moment, and then frankly told Jack the story she had related to Myrtle in the bush on the day they had lost themselves. Jack listened gravely and thoughtfully, and said noth ing when Clara had finished. "I suppose," said Clara, "that you deem me a visionary to place any faith in dream, but I cannot forget it, and perhaps it was not a dream. "It was very remarkable," said Jack. "Some dreams we have are something more than dreams." He seemed lost in thought for a few moments, then said, suddenly— "1 am gc'ng out shooting. Don't wait tea for me." Jack's business kept him out till late that night, and for several days after he was pre-occupied, and very often away from home. At the end of the week, as Myrtle and Clara were strolling among the flowers in the garden, Jack opened the gate and came up to them with a manner of unusual excitement. He caught hold of his sister's hand and drew her to one side with an apology to Clara. "Have you seen the paper, Sis—to day's paper? "No. What is the matter, Jack? I hope there is nothing wrong is there?" "That is how you look at it. I think it is wrong enough, and at the same time, a providential escape for you. That man Moreton is an out and out villain, and is now under arrest on a charge of murder, as I had suspected for the last few days. My suspicions have proved correct. No wonder you look horror struck, but break it gently to Clara. I can't tell her, and I don't want her to see it first in the paper." "Why, Jack, she may he horrified enough, but why should the news affect her more seriously than me, though cer tainly it is very shocking; but Clara has 110 very tender regard for the wretched man." "I am well aware that she has not, but she did have a tender regard for Moreton's unfortunate victim." "You don't mean that it was Willie Mc Ivor?" "I do. It was he, and no other. The poor fellow's remains have been discovered at last, buried under the floor of that room in " " 'The Haunted House by the Lake.'" "Exactly. Our suspicions have proved correct, and the whole train of evidence has been capped by the confession of the murderer, Moreton. It appears that he and Mclvor lived together for some time in that house. Mclvor had won a large amount of money at play, while Moreton's luck went dead against him. In a fit of passion, and also for the sake of gain, Moreton put his companion - quietly out of the way. He poisoned him, and having locked him in the room, left him there to die. As he sat alone in another room he heard a sound as of some one knocking on the floor, knocking repeatedly. It was from Mclvor, who could not reach the door, and tried in vain to summon assistance when speech had failed him. Moreton did not open the door of the room till the man was dead. He had some trouble in forcing the door open, it appears. It seemed as though some one held it on the inside. But there was no one inside. A corpse lay on the bed, and one hand was hanging down just touching the floor. The eyes were wide open, fixed in a stare on the door, and the awful look that was in them haunted Moreton ever since. He says, moreover, that he has often been awakened from a sound sleep by the sound of a hand knocking on the floor beside his bed. I do not wonder at this, for the mor bid fancy of a murderer goes a long way. But I do not envy his life for all his thou sands." "Do you tell Clara now. I must go, for I am involved to a great extent in this business of investigation. Thank God, I have found out the truth in time to save you, Myrtle, from a miserable fate." It was, indeed, as Jack had said. A few weeks later the wretched man, Leo nard Moreton, paid the penalty of his crime on the gallows. At the last he showed signs of sincere repentance, and his last word was a prayer to God for mercy and forgiveness. The remains of the poor murdered man now rest in peace in the cemeterv on the hill near the town of G . The grave is well cared for. Jack and Clara visit it verv often. They have planted beauti ful flowers there, of the garden and the bush—roses, lilies, violets, the wild white and pink everlastings, and the purple Scotch thistle are blooming yet on Willie Mclvor's grave. [Note.—"The Haunted House by the Lake" still stands, I believe, but whether it still bears the reputation of being haunted I am not in a position to say. The writer visited this same cottage years ago, and met there a poor woman, who related the curious incidents here I have narrat ed. The writer also knew well the man who died of consumption in the "Haunted House," and the little boy Jemmy. It is possible, I daresay, that what was seen and heard there may have been the effect of imagination, or be accounted for by some natural causes not fully investigated. The story of the murder is fictitious. There was a tale connected with the dwel ling in which suicide, not murder, played a prominent part, but for reasons dictated I hope by prudence and charity I have not built my litttle story on that truer founda tion, and, so far as I know, the real mys tery of "The House by the Lake" remains ■?. mystery etill.] The End. 