■fl WEIRD STORY ©F THE BIS@0VERY ©F THE MSTRHLIM OPRh FIELDS. ? AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL. BY CAPTAIN LACIE. PART IX. The'locality where the search was ■now being made was; not so well known to Fitzgerald as other parts • ,pf the district, though he had been through.it more than once. On these occasions his whole attention' had been absorbed in the quest for fortune, and probably he might'have passed., .within.a couple of yards of a lurking mari without noticing him.. Now, ■'however, matters .wefe,different. The • sleigth hound' in-Fitzgerald's nature was aroused, .and splendid bushmk'n' as,he was, not' even the best black . tracker could excelhim iridis'covering. a hidden friend or foe. , ' " It was within an hour of sunset when.the two parties met at: the,point indicated, and neither of, them had seen, a glimpse of .the supposed ' Sutcliffe. The tracks where he had entered the jungle had been picked up by, Allan; but owing .to, the ex tremely rugged and broken nature of the country it was not possible to follow, them far with certainty. When last seen they were pointing in the direction of the glen, . and it was reasonable to suppose that the man would take that route although it led "away from white settlement. If he had thrown in his lot with the natives as he appeared to have done, that would be the road to take. One point was made clear by the search, and. that was the fact that it was not a ghost or spirit seen by the ' trio, but a real person of flesh and blood. The tracks made were too distinct to admit of doubt. There, was little time to argue on the question when the two search partfes met, for it would be as much as they could do to: reach the cottage before darkness gathered/; . No time was lost iti r.e-crossing the glen and skirting around-the slope, of Mount Pluto. Thanks : to the guid ance of Allan Fitzgerald, the explorers arrived home,as the sun was sinking in the western-horizon. All was dismay and trouble when the usually quiet home was reached. Mrs. Fitzgerald was in a terrible state of distress. She was found with dishevelled hair kneeling in . front of a "group picture" of herself, hus band, and daughter, and crooning (or i "keening") the death song of the :Fitziieralds. • . .. The reason was not hard to find. Her husband and the captain had , faithfully promised to return to the cottage by dinner time. The tremen dous explosion which shattered the cliff had been felt like an earthquake at the cottage, and did not fail to -cause alarm, for it is the unseen which is most terrible. When three o'clock came and there ■ was no appearance of the prospectors, * Mrs.'Fitzgerald became anxious and sent one of the men to the place to see if anything was wrong. He returned with a scared face and re ported that the whole mount had been shattered, and not a sign of any of the party could be seen. He scarcely cared to tell the anguished woman that he was certain all the party had been overwhelmed by the thousands of tons of fallen debris, but the man hinted his belief almost as clearly as if spoken outright,. ' Leaving one of the men to look ■ after the cottage, Mrs- Fitzgerald took ; the i other two and proceeded as rapidly as she could to the fatal spot. The sight turned her suspicions to certainties. The gigantic ruin spread, around seemed as if it must have engulfed those who rashly brought it about. • For two hours the stricken woman and her, assistants clambered over the debris looking into every nook and cranny and calling loudly by name on the members of the missing party. Only the hollow echoes of their own voices responded, and at last, worn out and despairing, •the-three returned to the cottage. Ten minutes later those who : had caused all the fuss—innocently, of course—turijed, up: to gladden the ' hearts of relatives arid friends. The reappearance of Abel Sutcliffe was now the sole topic of conversation, and it was thought best to tell the captain and his son about what Nora had seen at the Glen of Shadows. Fitzgerald explained that the matter had hitherto been kept a secret, as it was possible the girl might havp been mistaken. After what that day had brought forth there was no longer the remotest reason to think Nora had been deceived at the time. The most strongly affected by the vision on the mount was undoubtedly Miss Fitzgerald, and somehow she could not help associating the mysterious boundary-rider with her lover Forbes. Therein lay the whole sting. It was the manager of Salvator Station who had seen Sutclifle dis appear down the chasm—so lie said— and it was strange that Forbes should become so violently agitated when reference was made to the supposed dead man. Thinking one thing and then another, torn by dou.bts, and racked with anxiety, Nora Fitzgerald fell asleep to dream of ghastly deeds, of strange resurrections, of enrth qykes and explosions, revealing not gold or precious stones, but coffins and the cerements of the dead. • Next morning; in pursuance of the agreement arrived at on the previous evening, a strong party was formed to make a further search of the supposed Abel Sutclifie. No effort would be spared to get hold of the man. Fitz gerald would have sent over word to Forbes about the appearance on the mount had he not been dissuaded by his daughter. Nora pointed out that the manager was yet in a weak state of health, and he could not do much in assisting the quest. Moreover, he would be at the cottage in a few days, ahd on the whole it would not be wise-to disturb him after his prolonged enforced absence from the station, and consequently his duties. The old- man saw the force of these arguments,; and refrained from carry ing out the intention. There were quite sufficient men at the mount to make a thorough search of the neighbourhood; so that assistance was i not a necessity. j Fof two days the bush was scoured in every direction, but Sutcliffe or his ghost had disappeared as effectually as if the earth had really swallowed him up. ■ Not a trace could be found of him, and at last, yielding to the wishes pf Captain Barrass, the wizard decided to abandon the useless quest. Twice the old man had sought the assistance of his oracles, but they were dumb and spoke not. Of course, Fitzgerald did not regard them as omniscient, for their peculiar power lay in divining by some miraculous' process the locality of hidden natural treasure in mineral shape. Never theless,- the old man was fast beginning to consult them on every imaginable subject, and sometimes— as on the night, when Forbes was •attacked—he got, or pretended to fret, inspiration from them. The result of the explosion at the cliff did not tend to popularize that method in the eyes of even Captain Barrass. He feared the process as carried out by him was rather too dangerous, and the more he read on the subject of prospecting, the less he favoured the plan which had so im pressed him originally. After a couple of nights' study in the library •line, the captain and Fitzgerald >de cided to wash the sands and debris in some of the water-courses, and the first trial in this direction appeared to be a success. In the pockets of a small tributary of the Warrego some tiny stones were discovered, which the captain, after a long study And a good deal of specu lation, pronounced to be garnets. This spurred the prospectors on, and soon they were rewarded by finding some minute grains of real gold. This opened up visions of potential wealth, but after a couple of days hard work " panning," the net golden proceeds would not have realised sixpence at> the most. This showed "that the precious metal must be found in certain fixed quantities according to the difficulty of working before it would become of commercial value, and it rather damped the ardor of the treasure seekers. ' 'Tis gems we want, captain, to make our fortunes. Do ye think thim stones aren't rubies and not garnets, as ye say ?' spoke Fitzgerald to his guest one evening. ' Well, it's not for me tc be certain. If they are rubies our fortunes are made. We'll find out in a few weeks at all events, Fitzgerald, for I'll go to Brisbane with, them and make sure. In the meantime we had better con tinue the search for them,' answered the captain. In pursuance of this idea the search for gems was again taken up with spirit, but little success attended the work, and it seemed as if it must be the phantom of fortune and not the reality which Allan Fitzgerald was following. His non-success caused the Irishman to reason on the problem, and he soon came to the conclusion that he was not obeying the dictates of his oracle. ' You're luck's beyant the moun tains. Tliey towld me, an' shure I'm not beyant thim yet. Maybe I'll have to shift afore fortune comes,' he muttered to himself one afternoon while moodily returning to the cottage. That evening he put the question bluntly to Captain Barrass, who had not yet given up heart. The old military man was totally opposed to the prophesy, and laughed it to scorn. ' Why, man, there is nothing beyond the hills but drought and famine and death. If you want your bones to bleach on the arid plains go yonder, but only madness would urge you there. Haven't you read the ex plorers' narratives of these wilds to the west? Many a good man and true has gone there and never returned. In the hills all mineral wealth lies. This is true the world over, you know. In Siberia, in America, in Cornwall, in Tasmania, and in fact everywhere. Don't have such an idea, Fitzgerald.' This was' the substance of the strongly-spoken remonstrance made by the captain, and it bad a little weight with the Irishman, but soon the advice was to be forgotten and neglected. Although Nora Fitzgerald had promised to give James Forbes an answer to his momentous question within a week, it was double that time before the manager of Salvator Station came back to the cottage. He could not do so in consequence of an un expected visit paid by the owner of the place. He had heard that Forbes was murdered by the blacks, and that caused him to leave Sydney, where he resided, and come to Salvator Station. During this time Forbes chafed at the unexpected delay. He knew, of course, that young Barrass was at Mount Pluto, and though he relied on the promise made by Nora, the fact that he himself had failed to return at the end of tho week practi cally absolved her from that promise. Nora, indeed, did wonder at the tardiness of her lover, though some times she half hoped he would never come back to get bis answer. So far she had not acquainted her parents with the proposal, and somehow she shrank from doing so. When a week passed and Forbes did not return, the girl began to think he might have repented his words, and in truth had he done so it would have been a relief to her. At last—it was on the evening of the thirteenth day since the manager had left the cottage— Nora resolved to tell her parents of the proposal. It is said popularly that thirteen is peculiarly the property of.the devil, and most people shun the number as they would the evil one himself. On this evening Allan Fitzgerald and his wife were particularly reticent. The wizard had announced his inten tion of again consulting his oracles, and both approached such an event with a due sense of gravity. Allan in particular seemed to shrink within himself and forget the ordinary every day matters of life. It was a sort of intense mental—and probably to some extent spiritual—concentration, which lew persons in the universe are able to accomplish. It was to her mother that Nora first told her story, and Mrs. Fitzgerald listened with intense interest. ' Ye refused him, agra. Tell me ye refused him, my poor colleen,' she answered, putting her arms round the girl. ' I didn't say yes or no, mother, but told him to come back for his answer. He may be here at any time, and I want advice, I do indeed,' and Nora burst into tears. For more than a minute the mother did not answer, and then she slowly said: 'Tell yer father, agra, an' abide by what he sez. Shure he won't guide ye wrong.' Mrs. Fitzgerald had infinite reliance on the judgment of her husband and trusted implicitly to him, while the daughter's faith in the father jvas almost as great. When Nora told her story, Allan looked troubled, and an ordinary observer might have said—half dazed —by the communication. ' I'll give ye the good answer in the mornin' colleen. Don't ask for it now, for 'tis a great question. In the mornin' colleen, in the mornin'.' This was all the strange man said, and soon after the girl went to her room. It was perhaps the curious abstracted look in the eyes of Alian Fitzgerald and the apparent sympathy of his wife which caused the old captain and his son to eariy retire to the company of the men at the large tent. Both of them were now well acquainted with the Irishman's peculiar actions, and as they went across the intervening space from the cottage Captain Barrass remarked with a silent laugh : ' Fitzgerald has the fit on to-night. We may expoct some revelations in the morning, Charley.' ' He seems very queer, and Mrs. Fitzgerald is also strange,' answered the son.' To Be Continued. 