I flSIH Fin BK0II1EB WOULD. . II MIIFIL IMT'i E1HEKL I would not spend another such ft night Though 'twero to buy a world of hftppy days. Shakespeare.»"K. Kichnril III., Actl, Sc. IV. CHAPTER I. (Mre-jmram-smplTH pen in hand and a fair page before mo, I hesitate. Shall Ii or rather, can I, iKOuHKto tell tliis story 7 Not only' doeB it touch mo closely, J5rvxu£<swZ hut it sliamos mo. It is terrible : I alone know how terrible. Ana it is so rocont that it scorns but last night — no longer. I will toll it. Yes, I will tell it all. What shall I lose by doing so ? A little of the present dread, perhaps, that weighs upon mo — nothing more. If anything can relax llio tension of my nerves it will surely bo the writing down of the naked facts of my night's experience. And then, by dogrees, porchanco the horrid romonibranco will coaso to blackon my every dream. Only one living person besides myself knows why silver streaks have so rapidly appeared in my hair. Evelyn Morritt is that one, and bIio urges mo to loll out the ghastly tale. And indeed the world may hear it now, for it can harm nobody. Xho night was that of the Merritts' ball. Evelyn is on old schoolfellow of mino, who, till tlio houso was burnt down six weeks ago, lived at Ashington Hall, in Derbyshire. Happoning to bo in tho neighbourhood, I was invited this autumn to their annual dance. ' And you must stay tho night, dear,' Evelyn had added, ' for goodness knows wlion we shall break up.' From my childhood I have loved dancing, and I am as keen on it now as over. But, and to say, I have reached an ago (thirty next birthday 1) wlion 0110 has sometimes to bear tho mortification of aeoing_ oneself shelved in favour of childron in their teens, who' ought to be in tho schoolroom. A woman uniisod to posing as a wall-flower finds it hideously unpleasant to be com pelled to stand aside. But I liavo too much spirit to cavo in at once and dcclino invita tions. At some balls, I remind myself, dancing oilers oomo in brisker than in others. And so, always hoping for the best, I have my hair dressed in a fresh style, choose a youngor frock, and try my luck again. That evening, at tho Merritts, fortune seemed cruel. Introductions wore fow, but that was no disgrace. The sting lay in boing' coolly overlooked by men whom I knew. Truly I did not feel proud as I stood in a conspicuous place and fingered my programme. How lovely Evelyn looked 1 She is youngor than I, and a man's girl every inoh. I dont think I was jealouB of her, but I yawned behind my fan, and gloomed mourn fully as the room filled — but not my card. The guest pio was not well proportioned ; there was too little ham for tho quantity of veal. Girls were thick, and men scarce. The sight was a pretty one— it always is — but when one's feelings are hurt one's ad miring capacity is reduced. ' Butterflies and black beotlos I' I said. 1 How on earth can a mnn bo content to bo turned into an oxnggeratud Stiggins with the front corners cut out, instead of dressing as they knew how to in tho last century 7' I -was speaking, for fault of a bettor listener, to a Bhy, gawky child-giant — the sort of companion wall-flowers find. She '5 sighed and strangled another yawn. This kind of tiling was not inspiriting.' I began to wish myself at homo, and to make resolves for the future. I had done bo once before. Just then a waltz ended, and a stream of flushed girls glided past mo, each on her partnor'R arm; Of courso, I smiled gaily at those I'know, and glanced at my list with a caBital air. Names on it were as scarce as money in a poor-house, but positively I was engaged for the next— provided my partner did me tho honour to.turn up. Thank heaven ho did. And to spite him, myself, and. creation, I danced it right through, and felt bottor. By tho ond wo wore both panting, but I had tho joy of walking out with him past a wistful group of un appropriated maidens. Wo sat on tho 'stairs, and talked tho usual bosh. Was ho going to tho Hcntons' Fancy Dross 7 No ; he hadn't the luck to know them. Had I seen tho pantomimo 7 Yes j didn't think muoli of it. And so on, through tho hunting topic and tho skating topio, till a distant squeak of music gave warning of the coming lancers. ' Ciin I find your partner for you 7' ' No, thanks, I hate a square dance. I think I won't go back into tho hot room yet. It's far pleasanter horo.' He smirked, ond shot away. Very likely he bow through my unconventional request. Woll, I didn't earo. I was tired of my position in the ball-room, labelled ' Loft.' What 'I liko is to danco, and talk, and be smiled at. Tho next three hopB were blanks ; it was sickening ! If Evelyn noticed it — and she was sure to question me —she would bull ai-hole some unlu-ky youth. That I could not endure. I wasn't built that way. | Therefore I would not exhibit myself, Ehe stairs were now practically empty, I would steal up to my room, and, sitting snugly by the fire, forgot my age and injuries in the railway novel I had left un finished. No ono need over know ; I might oven win tho credit of a quiet spoon. A 'mash is very nice indeed. What do you think 7 My little room was nearly at tho top of the house. On tho first night of stairs I disturbed two brace, on the second, ono, and then I supposed I had got clear of fellow creatures. With half-angry relief I whisked round tho next corner — to find myself mistaken 1 My escape was not yet perfect. About five steps further up a young man was leaning against tho wall. I rather believe I should havo retreated post haste — liko tho Boers do when they smell General Roberts approaching — had ho not sighted mo. Our eyes met, and a queer, indescrib able thrill mado my very fingors tingle. He was a stranger, however, ana I propared to walk coolly past him. What business had ho to be shirking tho ball-room? - There must bo a girl in the place. For he was remarkably handsome ; I could seo that oven in the dim light. Two brilliant eyes shone out of a thin faco with a complexion transparent to delicacy. In tho same glance an explanation of his con cealment here occurred to me. Apparently by some error he had donned fancy dress. I could distinguish tho long brocaded vest and velvet knee-breeches, the laco frills, and satin coat of the oarly eighteenth century. The costume was a thousand times more bocoming than tho ordinary study in blaok and white. Still, 1 could well understand tho man's bashfulness and hatred of singularity. As I reached him ho spoke and bowed. ' Pardon me, madam, I did not think to be discovered hero.' His words came slowly and with hesita tion. At once I sot him down as a foreigner. Nor did I expect to find anyone 1 Gentlemen are wanted in the ball- room j aren't you going down 7' ' Madam, I think not.' ' Oh, that's a pity.' I spoke for tho sake of speaking, he was gazing so intently into my face. Then I took another Btop towards my room, but I was not yot to reach it. ' And you, too, Madam, are a deserter ?' he asked. 'Well, yes,' I acknowledged, and paused. Then I turned again away. ' What, so hasty 7 Ah, dear madam, will you not a little while bear mo company 7' I looked at him boforo replying. He was certainly extromoly handsome, and there was a plaintivo strain in his low refined voice that attracted mo wonderfully. He seemed unable to take his eyes off my face. Since I liked him, what matter that we had not been introduced 7 I Bmiled bb I slowly answered — ' All right ; I don't mind. We may as well sit down on the stair in the approved fashion. There's ono advantage in this remote spot, no one's likoly to want to get abovo us !' I seated myself whilo speaking, arid looked for him to take hiB place beside me, but he wasn't having any. 'Madam, I crave your forgiveness if I stand.' I looked up and laughed. A nice masher, I thought to myself. 'As you choose, of course. But it is awfully embarrassing — worse than in the drawing-room. You towor above me like a guardian angel,' I said. Ho smiled, but not sweetly. On tho con trary there was a grimness in the expression at that moment that perplexed me. The smilo faded, and I wns glad. 'It's sinful not to join tho dancers,' I babbled out. ' That you've put on fancy dress is no excuse. Everyone will seo at a glanco that you got mixed botweon this and the Hcatons' of next Thursday. Wasn't that the mistake 7' ' Yes,' he said, and smiled again. ' Well, then, is that your only reason for hiding up hero 7' ' Not altogether. Those many, many years I havo not lived in England, and your manner of talking is difficult to mo.' ' Ah, I fancied you wore a foreigner. But what does that signify 7 People will find you so muoh tho more interesting. And you speak excellent English, I assure you.' Madam, it is bocauso in your Booiety I fool at ease. Ho were a sorry fool who would break away from it. Do you deBire a ball-room 7 As for mo, I am happier horo. Happier reading in your face the faith and goodness which I seek rind seldom find.' My cheeks burned. Curiosity and sym pathy blended with my baBhfulness. As a rule I flatter myself on being eloquent in small talk, but on this occasion words did not flow. My oompanion continued — ' Did you but know how I worship faith and goodness, nay, adobe them — it— you I Alas, madam, which should I Bay 7' Until this moment he had sounded far less uncertain of his languago than at first, and had he not now added the question, his deep, emphatio earnestness would have made me norvous and uncomfortable, ' Oh, certainly ' them,' I rejoined, stealing another glance at his face. Tho lustuous eyes were still bent upon me, his skin ap peared paler and clearer than ever. How could I feel offended with what a man said who looked so ill and seemed so lonely 7 'Aro you staying near here?' I asked quickly, to turn the conversation. ' Yes, and yet again, no. My place of abode is not in this vicinity. And my time is not at my own disposal. But what I can I spend in this house, for it is lionie-liko to me. I am, as one might say, a relative of tho Merritts. But 1 do nob know them well i it is with other members of tho family I havo been more familiar, for of late I have visited thorn little,' ho added, with a sigh. A bitter draught from somewhere caught my bare neck and arms. I shivered slightly, and it reminded me of a fresh subject. ' Winter Bcems to be sotting in. I expect you find our climate miserable.' ' On the contrary, madam, I find it agree ably refreshing. It is a change— a great change from the temperature of my — ah, my home. That, I may say, errs on the sido of excessive warmth.' Whereabouts is it 7 I daresay I should enjoy it. I alwaj'H fancy I should love the Equator.' Ho started visibly, and an expression I could not read passed over his face. Had ho foisted some hidden meaning upon my words? I could havo bitten off my silly tongue. I hurried madly cn lest ho should speak. ' But no doubt it ia trying j you look rather delicato,' 'I Buffer some pain, but there is no disease. And it will not'kill me. I am furthor from dying than I ever was.' He spoke with extraordinary confidence. If with truth his looks belied him. Still, I had heard of tho quenchless hope of a phthisical patient and could not feel happy. ' You have been examined by a doctor?' ' To bo candid, madam, I doubt the ability of tho faculty to do so. You think I am in a consumption? Not so. I ,. may rather perhaps bo compared to a certain famous Burning Bush. Ha, ha ! But I thank you for your gentle anxiety. It is very sweet to mo.' His laugh had tho strangest . effect ; it mado me trcmblo. Tho tenderness of the words that followed only partially reassured me. ; ' I think I ought to go down again now; it's hardly fair to one's partners to hide here.' ' Ah, no, no, no !' lie cried in the low, vehement tone ho had used beforo. ' Stay, madam, I implore — I beseech j'ou 1 Must I Bay more? If you could but know how much, how very much, I want you to stay. Believo me, I need you. Do I appear to mock when I swear you aro more to me than all the world bcBido 7 Is there not a subtle affinity between us 7 Was I deceivod when I fancied the electrical thrill which throbbed through my being at tho sight of you met with a response in your own soul ? Speak, my goddeBB, speak, I entreat you 1 Tell me I am right.' The concentrated passion in his voice awed ino ; tho suddenness of the appeal staggered and confused me. But my common sense revolted. What did I know of him, or he of mo 7 Not so much as the naino. It waB rash, wildly imprudent. he was a stranger, however, and i prepared to walk coolly past him. And yet — and yet I He was right. I had felt the subtle affinity of whioh ho Bpoke. It was absurd, ridiculous ! Nevertheless, down in my heart of hearts I knew I already loved him. His words wero unutterably precious to me. But I dared not to agree. I could not contradict. So I kept silonce. I let him murmur on the broken, ardent sentences that made my heart beat high and my face glow with a proud shame. Yes, we had loved each other at first sight. ' Preposterous !' cried common sonso. ' I know it,' repliod my laughing heart. ' Mad fool !' said common sense. ' But happy fool,' rejoined my heart. And throughout that hour thiB strange, now-found lover of mino did not offer so muoh as to touch my hand. Had ho done so I would not havo resisted, but I loved him all tho hotter for the self-control under lying this abstinence. We talked no more of climate and people. I don't think we talked much at all. But tho time slid by, and I only know I was beside him who had suddenly become closer, dearer to mo than ever man before or since. Sudden 7 Oh, yes ; it wns very sudden. What of that 7 Am I the first 7 All this time tho dance was proceeding. Tho supper passed unheeded by two people at least, who were Bublimoly oblivious of such worldly concerns. Who wonts supper that has tho sweetest thoughts, and looks, and tones, to feed upon 7 At length the rustling of many dresses and the high chirr of riiany women's voices came up to us, and once more time forced itself upon my consciousness. ' Tho dance must be over,' I cried. Guy, dear' (we hod got so far), 'I dare not answer you at once. You say you are sponding tho night here ; bo am I. Only wait till to-morrow morning for a definite reply. . . Yob, I do care for you, but the question is so great — so vital. You must let me think alone. Leave me I I am not asking muoh. Give me a few hours in which to realise my own feelings. Good night, dear Guy.' 'Ami good night to yon, my heart's queen I' And he had gone, with never a kiss or a hand-presB. Trembling, dazed, but withal blissful, I hurried down, to hear Evelyn asking every where what had becomo of me. She flow at me when I appeared. ' Oh, you sly puss I You've been Bitting out with a vengeance 1 Now, it's no ubo fibbing to me, for your blushes will own it as fast as you deny it. It's positively shock ing, hut if you have managed to enjoy ; yourself, that's tho chiof thing. Nearly all the folk have gone ; as soon as we have packed off tho last we'll away to by-by. Hasn't it been successful? Every one is congratulating us. And though it'b I says it as shouldn't, tho ices were really cold, and the soup was really hot 1' CHAPTER H. I walked upstairs with my arm linked in Evelyn's, trying, but failing, to listen to her gay gossip. My head was in a whirl. What was real? What was imaginary? Where and who was Guy 7 If Evelyn would but cease her prattle and speak of him 1 Had nobody missed him 7 Was ho of so little account 7 I felt indignant on his behalf yet I would not mention him. ' . . . and to my knowledge she gave him six dances. No wonder poor old Jim was green i' Wo bad reached my room and Evelyn had thrown herself down into an easy chair. I dropped into an opposite one. ' It's too abominably lato to stop up,' she announced, laughing. 'I think we've quizzed everyono now. But, I say, you naughty girl ' I interrupted her. I knew what was coming, and I didn't want it. I desired that she should name Guy herself, and I tried to forco it. ' Did all whom you expected turn up, Evelyn 7' ' Yes. At least I didn't miss anybody.' Then Guy must have seen Evelyn and excused himself to her. But why did she not mention him ? Conld it bo— oh, could it — that she, too, cared for him 7 I had fancied her heart was set on another man, but there's no reckoning on girls. Whore they are most secret tho danger lies. Evelyn chattered on, and I dimly heard of someone looking 'perfectly sweet' in a ravishing eau-de-nil brocade. Then she abruptly exclaimed — ' But you haven't given mo a report of your evening. Who had the nerve to monopolise three-fourths of it 7' Never you mind 1 ' It's seky,' as tho children say. But I've onjoyed myself hugely.' ' How mysterious we aro I I must un earth it somehow. Glad you've hnd a good time ! Sleep well.' And with a butterfly kisB and a merry laugh Evelyn vanished. She loft mo no wiser concerning Guy. But after all, why should I want to know more than that ho loved mo 7 The business side 7 Bother the business 1 If I am near thirty, my faith and sentiment aro not extinct. I was ready to olmnce the business side. Ho wub honourable. I would have staked my life on that ; and nothing else mattered. I was not penniless, nor, 1 folt suro, was he. _ Yes, 1 was happy and content — too happy j_to sleep. I was ready for bed, had blown my candle out, and had combed my hair in the fitful fire-light for a full half hour. Nothing was loft in the grate but a layer of glowing cinders. I fidgeted them about with the 'ourate' poker, as I wont over and over in my mind my too brief conversation with Guy. ' A good night to you, my heart's queon 1' How sweetly those parting words rang in my liead. ' Yes, Guy,' I murmured, ' this is indeed a good night to mo.' How silly 1 Those two embers were not really like Guy's brilliant eyes, but they had conjured up that pale and striking face before me with wonderful vividness. What a faco it was ! His smilo only had jarred upon me as not beautiful, and I declaro it held a fascination in its bittorness. Doubt less he had gone through fiery trouble, of which I Bhould hear, and it had left itB traco. My poor Guy 1 A cinder dropped on to the hearth and died. I shivered involuntarily, and stirred the coals afresh. But tho poker seemed only to kill the fire now, and I laid it aside. I started. Somebody had entered tho room. I folt rather than heard that I was no longer alono. It waB with a feeling akin to terror that I turned round, though I know not what I oxpeoted. Close beside me stood Guy 1 He was still, I could faintly porceivo, in the rufllos and brocade of a Georgian gallant. My heart leaped into my throat. In the dull red gloom his face stood out in ghastly pallor. What did he mean by this 7 ... His conduct was exceedingly wrong, and I. must show bim that I thought it so. Iri trembling amazement I arose, blushing painfully. ' Leave this room at once,' I commanded ; you have no business whatevor to come here, and you must be awaro of it. Had I conceived it possible '. ' Ah, but you did not know me, seraphio one, I forgive you ore you ask it. Come, seat yoursolf and talk with me again as you did erstwhile. How could I absent mysolf ffom you whop I Jove ' Wish an «m)rt T had regarded my speech. ' Go this moment, sir I It ii outrageous. Must I ring the beU r f / The bellrope hung by the bedside. I advanced towards it. His figure moved between me and the firo. AND THROUGH IT I SAW THE RED COALS 1 All in an instant I realised that it was no man. With a convulsion of horror I olntched the bellpull in my shaking hand. But It was before me. I saw the long white fingers touch the rope above my head as if It, too, would ring. Immediately the cord broke, and I found but the end and tasBel in my grasp. I fell back with an attempt to shriek, but for a minute two gleaming orbs seemed to paralyse mo. ' What a misfortune ! We cannot sound an alarm. But at least let us make tho best of it.' I rushed to the door with a screaming sob. But that terrible hand had rested on the handle before I could reach it. It was instantly withdrawn, but when I touched tho knob it tumbled on the floor. Shuddering and helpless I Bank to the f round. The figure stood over me, and I olieved my last hour had come. Could it be that I had loved this loathly thing 7 In exceeding terror and hatred I sought to cover my face with my hands. And I could not. Those glittering eyes wero burning their way into my soul. And they held me. Slowly the figure bent down over mo. I could not stir a finger. Then it kisBed me on the lips ; and it was as if a red-hot iron wore pressed upon them — or an iciolo, I know not which. I prepared to die. In capable of utterance, with a final mighty eftort I traced with my finger tho Sign of the Cross. There was a hellish groan, indescribable in the intensity of its horror. That was all. . . Tho awful It had gone, and I was alone — a prisoner. A dizziness seized mo and I all but fainted. Then slowly, silently, the door swung open on its own accord. Fresh terror spurred mo to action, and lent mo strength and speed. I (led from the room and along the dark deserted passages, not knowing whither 1 went. Suddenly I ran up against a belated maid servant with a candle. Before she could go into hysterics I inquired sharply for Evolyn's room. She pointed it out to mo. I burst in. Evelyn was asleep. I flung myself beside her and clung to her, sobbing and crying like a child. It was a long while before I was ablo to toll her in broken snatches what I had gone through. She wrapped her arms around me, kissed me, and held me tight. But she said not a word. A horrid dread flashed across mo. ' Evelyn, say you believo me. If you think mo mad, I shall become so — or die.' ' My poor darling, believe you 7 Of course I do. Have I not reason to 7' she muttered under her breath. I sprang up. ' Why, Evelyn, havo you seen him — It 7 Who — what is ho 7 If you love me, toll mo everything.' ' Will you not wait until to-morrow 7' ' Oh, no, no. Tell me now. I feel I must know all. Sleep? I think I shall nover sleep again. Only keep tight hold of me. Thank heaven you are flesh and blood, Evelyn !' There was silence for a minute. Then she spoke, slowly but steadily. ' It is tho ghost of Guy Morritt. I have j never soon him, but others havo. They say I ho is the curse of our family, but of late the appearances have been so rare that the tale bid fair to become a moro legend. He is an ancestor of ours who lived in George I. 'a reign, and was so bad a man folk called him The Devil's Squire.' ' How do you mean 7 A raurdorer 7 A robber P ' Yes, for he robbed girls' souls of faith and slow their purity. He left behind him many a shameful monument. Wlion only thirty he died in tho midst of his debauchery. Tradition says he possessed a strange, irre sistible faecination ' I olutched Evelyn tighter, and .my teeth chattered as sho said those words. Notioing it, she hastened on — ' Well, that is all. With his dying breath he boasted of hiB impenitence, and passed away claiming the devil as his liege lord. Since that day Iris wioked spirit, clothed aB of old, has from timo to timo haunted this houso, ub if seeking — oh, my dear 1 — to drag others after him.' Slowly the daylight crept in, and found us quivering in each other's grasp — I, haggard and deathlike, with a large white blister upon my lip. This, a door knob, and a yard of bellrope, wero the sole traceB of my hellish visitant. But the horror of that awful night is upon me still. 