OUR POLLY. I can remember, as clearly as if it were yesterday, when tho little waif first came to us, and what an odd looking mite of a thing showas. It was near th'e close of a balmy day in June. I was seated on the piazza with E«eddie,our youngest pet, playingat my feet,- when, looking down aorosa the meadowy, I saw a blue gingham sun-bonnet bobbing up and down in the long grass. As It emerged from the field into the path that led through the garden into the house I saw that the wearer of it was a mere child, thougn dresBod'in so old a way as 'to look like a little woman. The small face was nearly lost in the big sun- bonnet, whose capo fell nearly lo her waist,whiletho skirt of the scant calico dress touched her heels. A three-cornered ker chief, folded demurely acrosB the bosom completed the quaint costume. She made no pause to her smooth, gliding motions until the stood directly in front of me. Than dropping a little courtesy, which brought the hem . of her dress down to the floor, she said, in a small, piping voice : ' PleaBO, mem, I'm Polly Burton. It's rained so much this week that mam couldn't git all my things dried; Bhe'll send Tom with the rest of 'em Saturday.' I gazed at the Bpeaker in astonishment and dismay. John had spoken about getting me a little girV to take 'care of Freddie and run errands, but what could, he be thinking of to Bend a mere baby like this ? ' How do you do, Folly ?' I said, kindly. ' I'm afraid you are too small to suit my purpose. Take off your bonnet and let me Iseehowyoulopk.' _, Polly obeyed, revealing a face quite a* odd-looking as the rest of her. The flaxen hair was drawn tightly back and twisted in a . little bob at the back of the head, making . the features look smaller, in which was the old look so often seen in the faceB of the children of the poor. Tho round blue eyes looked fearlessly into mine, and there was something pleasing about the whole face, though it was far from a pretty one. ' What can you do?' ,,. ' HeapB,' won the confident reply, ' I can wash dishes, sweep, scour knives, run errands, and take care of baby.' I smiled as Polly ran glibly over her list of accomplishments. ' How old are you?' ' 'Leven.' ' You are small for your age.' ' Ycs'm; I don't get time to grow.' ? As I looked-»t the small hands, brown and hardened with toil, and the slight Bhoulders that were beginning to stoop witli the un timely burthens they had borne, , I felt that there was a good deal of truth in those quaintly-spoken words. ' You can stay to-night, at all events,' I said, ' I will talk with the doctor when he comes home and see what he says. ' Ten minutes later Polly was seated on the steps of the piazza munching a thick slice of bread and butter with evident satisfac tion, her bright eyes glancing about in every direction. . *? ' Have you a mother. Polly?' 'Sort o', and sorto' not, She ain't my own ma; my own ma is dead.' ' Is your father, dead, too?' _ ' No, mum; he's skipped.' ' He's done what?' I said, looking at the small face in amazement, and thinking that I must have misunderstood her. . ' He's skipped— runoff,' explained Polly, in condescending pity at my ignorance. When John came home I expressed my doubts in regard to the new investment he had made for my benefit, declaring that it was likely to give me the care of two babies instead of one. ' Not at all, my dear,' responded that in dividual, as he took a cup of tea from my band. ' Polly ifi no baby. She's done more work during the eleven years of her life than most women at twenty. I attended the children when they had the measles— there's nine of 'em— and I never saw such a patient, willing, industrious little body in my life. ' But there are the children to think of,' I said; ' and her language is so queer. She spoke about her father having skipped.' ' Did she?' laughed John. She's a comical , little thing, but there's nothing bad about her. She has picked up these expressions, . you see. By the time the children are old enough to be harmed any way, you will have remedied all that, I dare say. ' This was the way that ' our Polly ' be came domiciled with John and me. With her hair neatly braided and her dresses shortened, and made otherwise more suitable for her years my little handmaiden presented, quite another appearance, but ehe still re tained the quaint speech and old- fashioned womanly ways that contrasted bo oddly with the child-face and form. ' Pat to work as soon as she could run alone, she had known no childhood. She alluded to those of her own age as ' the children ' never classing herself among them, speaking about what she used to do ' when she was little,' as though that time was far away in the dim past. Take it all in all, Polly was quite a char acter, and amused and interested a good deal. She was quite a help to me too, especially in the care of Jennie and Freddie, who got to be very fond of her. She was as Honest as the sun, and I never knew her to take tbe least thing without asking for it. One day she ran into the house, saying: ' There's a hungry man at the gate. Can't I give him some of the cold bread and meat »ut of the pantry?' ? I assented, without thinking much about it. The next day she came to me with the same request. Going to the window,I looked down to the gate whereastout heavily beard ed man was standing, attired in a slouched hut. nnrin fnnf. trarv* miinTi t.hfl mnu far wear. He was looking' eagerly up to the house, but turned his head quickly away when he saw me. ? ' No, Polly,' I said; 'this is a strong, , ablc-'bodied man; and It's wrong to encourage the idleness that leads to .crime by feeding such.' At this Polly hung her head saying: ' Ho says he hasn't had nothin' to eat to day, ma'am. Can't I give him my Supper ? I shan't need it. ' I saw that Polly was far from understand ing my motive, but touched by this unselfish offer, and not sorry for an excuse for yield ing, I said: ' You can give him the cold meat from dinner, Polly, but don't letit happen again.'' Polly would eat no supper that night; and thinking that her ideas' were rather confused on the Bubject, I took some pains to explain to her the moral phase of the tramp question, as I 'understood it. She listened attentively, her big blue eyes fixed on my face with a solemn, unwinking stare, making no direct 'Ply. ' Was you ever hungry, malamf' Accustomed as I was to Polly's peouliar- . itles in this respect, 1 woe considerably startled by such an odd unexpected query, -'Yes; and I expect to be again to-morrow morning, just about breakfast time.' 'I don't mean that kind of hungry; but where there's no breakfast or dinner or supper, or not much of any 1 ' No, child,' I said, in quite another tone; ' I've never known anything about that kind ot hunger, and I hope you haven't.' '? I was always hungry. Mom did the best Bhe could, but it takes a good deal to go round where there's nine children.' ' That proves tho truth of what I was say ing,' I replied, anxious to enforce my text; 'If your father had worked too, as every man ought that is able, you would have had plenty to eat and to wear.' ' He's a bad man; but — but he'B my father. The unconscious rebuke in these words made mo turn my eyes on the child face, so unchild-like in expression; but she was not looking at me,and evidently nut thinking of me at all. After this I noticed a change in Polly. She loBt her appetite and the colour that was beginning to come into her cheeks. But she never complained, declaring she felt quite well when I qnestioned her. She grew so pale and thin that at last I spoke to John about it, who seemed puzzled to account tor it. 'She must bo one of the thin kind,' he said; ' there certainly is nothing the matter with her.' The following week John and I made arrangements to spend a couple of days at my brother's wholivcd in an adjoining town. We were intending to take Polly with us,but the carriage was crowded, and she begged so hard to be left at home that we finally decided to do so. She was so thoughtful and trustworthy that I had no fears in leaving her, it being only two minutes' walk to the nearest house, and the neighbourhood being a very quiet one. On account of the scarlet fever being in my brother's family, which neither of the children had had, we stopped overnight at an acquaintance's, returning the next day. When we reached home we found the doors locked and the windows darkened, and not a sign of life anywhere around. Considerably surprised at this it being near the middle of the day, we rang and knocked until pretty well convinced that there was no one within to hear us. Then we went down towards the gate, being met by Mr. Brown, oar. nearest neighbour, who had seen us go by, and who told us that Polly had left the key of the house with his wife hut night saying that she had to go away. ' I thought a little strange of this, bnt sup posed the child had got lonely and gone to her stepmother's, who lived about two miles distant. On entering the house we found «very available point barricaded below, as if in expectation of a siege. Against the back door a heavy bureau was drawn, on which chairs were piled. John and I laughed at Polly's extraor dinary efforts to make everything secure. Our next discovery was not so pleasant, ;©very bit of silver had vanished, not even a spoon was left. The discovery that followed was more startling still. On going outside John saw tb,e figure of a man suspended from the sill of one of tbe back windows. Communi cating bis discovery to Mrs. Brown, who was Bitting on the front porch, the two men went upstairs, and I followed slowly, and with beatiDg heart. As I looked into the room I saw the head of a man just inside of the window, the heavy sash of which was resting on hiB neck. He was not only' quite dead, but there was every indication that life had been extinct for several hours. He had evi dently died from strangulation— the features blackened and swollen nearly out of all semblance of humanity, presenting a terrible spectacle on which I never want to look again. The shed, which ran beneath it, showed how he had reached the -window, and the position in which he was found how he had met his terrible fate. But as it was clearly apparent that he was killed in the act of en tering, the disappearance of the silver re mained a mystery. John lost no time in notifying the author ities; and the news, spreading like wild-fire, for several hours the house was thronged by an excited crowd, most of them drawn thither by curiosity. By no one was the body recognised; in fact, it would have been difficult to do so by the face, so distorted was it. Two or three had seen a man of similar build and appearance hanging about the neighbourhood. As' they mentioned this I recalled to mind the tramp that Polly hod fed, and whose form and dress strongly re sembled the deceased. Bnt the people had gone at last, to my great relief. Ab I Btood at the window watching the last one go down the stepB, I felt a touch upon my arm. On turning I aaw Polly standing juBt back of me, and looking in the 'dim twilight more like a ghost than a living child. ' Whtre is he, the man that was killed ?' she said. John pointed to thedoorof the room where the body lay. Without saying another word Polly opened it and went in. After a mo ment's hesitation John and I followed. With blanched cheeis and eyes dilated with horror, Polly Btood there as silent and motionless ob the ghastly thing stretched out before her. ' John placed his hand on her shoulder, earing, with a sternness that he regretted a moment later— I: o yon know this man, Polly?' Polly lifted her eyes appealingly to mine. ' It's my father,' ahe gasped, sliding for ward to the floor. With a feeling of 'self-compunction that was clearly visible in his honest face, John took up the little limp form as if it had been a feather and laid it upon the bed in our own room. It was not a fainting 'fit— Polly was not given to such— but a' sudden oollapBe of tho mental and physical powers, that had been stretched to their utmost tension. Polly was quite ill for a number of days, during which the ghastly thing she had called father had been buried out of eight, for her sake, as decently as circumstances would permit. She made allusion to him, and John would not let me question her until she was strong-enough to leave her Tied. Before that time the missing silver was found in an old' ?chest in the attic, where she had hid it. From what Polly told me afterwards, I found that her father had acquainted her. with Ills intention to rob the house, 'urging her to aid him by leaving the back door un locked, and threatening to kill ' her If ehe , refused. « 1 gave hint my dinner and supper 'for a good many days,' 'she said in conclusion, 41 but I couldn't do that. ' I couldn't tell on Mm cither. He was a bad man,' but he'was 1 my father.'' As I thought of this little creature (stealing out into the darkness with the food that she bad saved from her own- needs, I was glad to know that this bad man was' powerless to work her any further ill Polly lived with John and me a' number ot years after this, and we became almost as much attached to her as to our own children. When Bhe married Charles Conway, a thriv ing young carpenter, we furnished the pretty cottage house ho built as completely as if it had boon for one of our own daughters. Con way makes one of the best of husband's, and Won't believe that there's a better house keeper or a happier littls wife to-day than our Polly. Prevented.— Oholly: If you love ma, why did you not answer me five minutes ago 7' Maud: BeeauiA dear, 1 was eating a cara mel. 