THEN AND NOW. When the Federal Elections Bill was going through the Council last week' Mr. Barlow moved an «mpnHmpnY dividing tbe colony in three for the purpose of return ing members to the Senate. The arniirid ment was defeated by\three to one, a re sult everyone expected. Nevertheless the debate, which will be found in full in this issue, was not without interest, an3/ Mr. Barlow certainly rendered a service to the Central and Northern divisions by moving this amendment and dividing the House on if- For one thing a good deal of light was thrown 'on the association presided * over by the Government,' as Mr. Barlow put it, and for another we have Mr. Buza cott in an old character. A year ago Mr. Buzacott was incessantly urging the people of Central Queensland to accept the Commonwealth Bui . on the pnund that under it Queensland would be divided for the purpose of returning senators, a privilege which would be pos sessed by no other colony, and which we owed entirely to the intervention of that Government of which Mr. Buzacott is so devoted a supporter. Central Queensland, according to Mr. Buzacott, would be ex ceptionally well placed under the bin, for the would have two representatives in the Senate and another two in. the House of Bepresentativea. This division, Mr. Buza cott kept pointing out, not only gave Cen tral Queensland direct representation in tbe Senate, but also would emphasise in a formal and conspicuous manner the indivi duality of Central Queensland, and so pave the way for its speedy erection into a state of the Commonwealth. All through the controversy over the Commonwealth Bfll Sir. F-uzacott insisted on this. To reject the LQ1 when it gaVe such an exceptional and valuable opportunity to Central Queensland to obtain legal recognition of its separate existence 'would be suicidal. Well, the bill was not rejected ; on the con trary, it was accepted and the belief that there uonld be separate representation in the Senate had a very great deal to do with that acceptance. That Mas Mr. Buzacott last year, before the Commonwealth Bill had been accepted. Compare it with Mr. Bnzacott last veek, after tbe Commonwealth BUI has become law and the people of Central Queensland are bound by it whether {hey like it or not. Last year Mr. Buzacott was proclaiming the exceptional beauty of this clause under which the colony was to he divided for the senatorial elections and ihe broad-mindedness of the Government in serurir:' such a special provision for Cen tral, and Nc-ithern Queensland. Last week Mr. Buzacoti had an opportunity to take advantage of this clause and so secure for the people of Central Queensland that direct representation which he promised them last year. Did be do so 1 Not he. His voice and his vote were both given against the proposal to put in force that special provision which he had dangled be fore the people of Central Queensland as one of the chief attractions of the bill for the people of this division. Last week Mr. P-dzacott was cmplralically opposed to any division of the colony for the senatorial elections, to do ouch a thing he said would le to interfere with one of the fundamental principles of the constitution, and Mr. Euzacott shuddered at . such a piece of saerilege. There was nothing about inter fering with the fHTuippionfal principles of tl:.e bfll last year. Then the clause provid ing for this division was one of tbe wisest slid justest in the bin ; now ' it would be ' improper and unjustifiable ' to make any such division. There we have the then and the now. To appeal from Philip drunk to Philip sober was a promising pro ceeding, but to appeal from Mr. Buzacott then to Mr. Buzacott cow is hopeless. The then accomplished its purpose m in^i'Mnp the people of Central Queensland to vote for the bin, and the now has also accom riished its purpose by preventing tte lieople of Central Queensland from securing that direct representation in the Senate which they were promised. Mr. Buzaeott wins both then and now. For^. generation of men Mr. Buzacott has been known in Queensland politics by an adjective which is not usually employed in a con-rjlimentary sense. That adjective was doubtless given in the first instance, and has certainly Leen used ever since, just because of these vivid contrasts between tbe then and the now whkh have turned up so persistently all through Mr. Buzacott's public life. But Mr. Buzacott's appearance in this (??nilnr character was not the only point of interest in the debate. There was also, as we have said, the iigut thrown on the association recently formed with Mr. Phfln a& President TM- Gregory pointed out that if the colony were kept as one the Southern division could return whom it pleased, and tte Centre and the North would be disfranchised. The Postmaster General interiected that all the six -would not be Southern men. Mr. Barlow at once asked if *he sssocradaon, was going tr- take care of that? and Mr. Mnrfhfurl with equal pertinence inquired bow the Postmaster General knew that, to which the Minister replied, ' I do know St.' Tins throws a flood of light oil the whole business. It is a dear admission first, that the Govern ment know they can return the whole six senators if the colony is kept as one; and second, that they have their men. *-ww«i With the colony as three the Government could not slave fixed things up in Brisbane just as it chose, but with st as cnenhiscan be done quite easily, and practically {halfa dozen men, perhaps even less, wiU select the six senators for Queensland. As to who the half-dozen, are that is e, secret for (he present; but they are not all to be Southern men, that much ait least is known, for Mr. Drake said so in that unguarded re ply to Mr. Morehead. The men selected from #he Central and Northern divisions may be excellent men, or they may be the reverse. They may be men who would have been iri.ua ml by these div»onsif they had been given she direct representation which was promised them, or (hey may be men whnvrooSdmot have the ghost of a chance ii the election rested with the people of the Centre and the Nbrth. But alike in the tiieonecaseor the otber they wili be men chosen by the Government and chosen because they are held in favour by the Government. Mr. Buzacott wasdelighted with ttris arrangement. 'He was quite sure *-' that by a wfaHno something like this set 'forth by tie Federal Elections Assoda 'tion a fair representation would be ob ' tained in the Senate for all parts of Mie 'colony.' Mr. Buzacobt infinitely prefers that the selection of the Central and Nor thern men to sit in the Senate Should be made by the Elections Associajtioti, ' the as 'sociation presided over by the Govern 'ment,' as Mr. Bariow described it, rather than by the people of the Central and Northern- divisions. And Mr. Buza cott. may have the very best of reasons for this preference — reasons which not only strengthen has confidence fs ^4he as&ocia-; **'tion presided over by the Government,' but also deepen his distrust of the people of Central and Northern Queensland. Who knows? But so far as the people of Cen tral and Northern, Queensland ore con cerned it does not matter much whether they know or noi, for, as Mr. Gregory remarked, *-if it had all been ' arranged there was not much w« is- tolk *' ing about it-'' 