TIIK l'l.A.M HOADS. To Hu; Editor. Sir,-.M Un» last piioctiiijï of (lio Kitr.roy Divisional Hoard (lie mailor of (lie roail Uivoiieii Kelly"- puddix-k «t Viani eu me up fin- «li eu-ion. I du not ngrec willi Mr. Albuin tli.it lilis is ii uiiitler for til« inein lier> for tho subdivision. I e.-inlciid il is llio lioiinilou iluly of Hie whole lloaid to sr ih.U ¡u.tico is dono in every poition of, Hie i'.oanrs territory. I ' ilo ask llio member- In lake niv woi-d tli.it Mr. Smith mi-led them. '.All 1 ask of ihein is to eonie ¡uni soe, mid then form their own opinion. As this will ho a long journey fm- sumo of rho nioinhers. Hie plaeo boin;.' over thirty milos from Rockhamp- ton. I do nut expert thom to adhere lo Hie spirit, of Mr. Siniih's liiiil-your-own-liilly eltvtiunocring million. I will cheerfully pay their expenso-i. 1 cnn well imagino |t!ioir disgust whoo they find that one mile length ol' tho road which they recommend nt the instance of Mr. Smith ¡md Mr. I ( ri od as u substituto for thc old ono. which was suitable to cvoryliody, contains no less than six crooks, some of which are fully il) ft. di op. Now. ni ismling to tile District j Surveyor's estimate, to make Hits road lil fur wheel tvnllio would cost no less (linn tálHi. not lo spoil); of II bridge itcrnss the ni iiii crock, which, according to the opinion of sot omi oNiMiiouoed mon, would co-t nliotit .CTfKI. '.Muy I nsk where will No. I subdivision timi ¡ill this nionoy if f nm o\t i enid y pleased nt tho linord's niotioii to roqno*t tho Distract Surveyor to put thc road in Kelly's paddock in the most, suit ¡lido place. I nm quito satisfied thal if thc minter i- ICM ¡II Mr. M Dowiill's ii.inds he will see justice done to nil eonecnusl. I univ su v ihm | have every onnlidoiieo in his oipaliility mid integrity. If il i" left to Mr. M'Diiwall's discretion T nm cerium Uni lhere is not the ghost of n possiliiliiv of tl.ris ky rond to Dublin " sn dour lo ibo | l-cnt« oí Mr. Smith nuil Iiis friends being utilised. I ¡un, ic. A. M'C AJI LEY. IVni Hill. Sunlit ['hun. ¿(Hil Sq-.K-niliiT. Jin m. Excellent vallie is nw being shown in Men's. l!o\>'. and Youths' Summer Clot li- mp;. We have opened up a ll umbel' of very speeiallincs in Kluihki, Drills, Ducks, Lig.it Tweeds, Assam Silks. 4,c. These have been made specially to our order, and we are able to fit any size. Also showing a splen- did assortment of new Mercery, Scarves, How s, in all t he new designs and latest col- ourings. New and Fashionable Shapes in (dollars, and a grand range of Felt Hats, annulier weights. JAMES STEWART AND CO.-Advt. 