TIMELY TALK. fTiliVs I). A. < :ihoi i:i "CnnUThuiv 1 Only the original mind of an American woman would have thought of slanging a holly and mistletoe farm as a paying brand) of horticulture. The solitary one in exis tence in the world is situated in Georgia, and is owned by two women, who make a handsome Jiving out of it. They cultivate five hundred acres of Christmas decora tions. and so large in their output that they liavc spoiled the Knglish trade with New York, which used to be pretty extensive, at least as far as choice plants were con cerned. The utmost skill lias been used ? in laying out this large farm, and the ex ( ceiJont return* are the result of tiie great : care lieslowed upon it. This is one more )«uiclical illustration of the success that, awaits the woman who specializes, and puts lii'j- heart ami soul into her work, depend iug at the same time on lierself as much as possible. She must, herself supervise, and never tire of supervising, for, after all. what is left U) be done b,v subordinates is j very often never done; or if it is done, is I as badly performed as it cau well be. The ( woman who would succeed must be ready to do things heivself. or see that they are ? done a-^ well as her own hauds could have j done tliem. | Quite a romantic incident is reported from Honolulu, and as it has not yet been : mentioned in New Zealand papers, it is worth relating. When .the bubonic plague wan raging in Honolulu, every, one who liatl the means fled from the vicinity ol the plague-stricken quarter, except "oue young Englishman, a teacher in the Pnucess **&?}' ulani School. He had a natural talent for nursing, and, although pale and thin from overwork, and the knowledge of his peril," he refused to leave-off uurang those who had the terrible disease. He peatedly warned by the doctors, and, being "a contact " was begged to rave He- refused to leave, and, bcm.g-blest « an iron constitution, happily did not- rata the plague; but, though. >n, the end worn to the mere ghost of his iormer self, lie st.u< k to his post to the very 1:'^. « hen the danger was over, gratitude stiong and deep wiled up in the hearts of his towns folk. He was asked what he wished most to <lo, and replied that he had always wwh i.d to be a doctor. This was enough for the town. The leading citizens formed them selves into a committee, and presented Inm iviiJi a purse of a thousand pounds, askiwi? him to accept it lo^UKiy medicine, or to npidv it to any other pui-pose lie chose. i\ v. ^mith ha.s jus-t arrived in England, wi.ere he intends to realize the one wish ill' .his life-to become a doctor. JSor can ?inv one doubt that he'will make a doctoi in a i!iou:-and. Suih optimism as that of Madame S.uah (iiv.ml <1 cm.'I've* the widest eneouitigoment. Mio led ui od not very long ngo on "°^ to Make Life Worth Living, and, although u .xrtvtt nrniy of prophet* oi either sex him. w riMlcd wiih mighty problem iroia lime inimeinorial, it must be confessed that :i<lamc Crand wo.s able to locus some Gleams of light on this vital question. &lie; proved her Tovalty to truth by not sparing tier uwii sex-the bomemakei- s-upon whose v.'iaiactcr and development. depend the things that make.for happiness, tor thi~ happiness is a thing of our own making. Ii does not come to us by c'haucc; it does imv always accompany wealth or rank, nor '?an it be conferred upon us by others. \\\ e have to build it up, and cultivate that dis i.option of mind in which the attainable completely satisfies. The woman who reach uf(or hijrJier .social position, or who fills i nil her life with a round of social entertain- | input has no conception of what happiness re,-illy <:m mean. Happily, a very large proportion of women are growing out ni' their intellectual infancy. lhey ai° becoming responsible benign. i.i\ey ave developing their intelligence, and have alro.rly even made the discovery that to li'.: a gentlewoman is not a matter ox posi (.i'Mi and riches, but of character and con duel, As women* learn these lessons moie thoroughly, they will bear themselves with more grace hi simple garments suitable to 4i modest income than they have ever done hi fore in the pretentious finery w neu-too often bus been bought by the health, if not ;i. tually bv the life, of an honourable man. Maj that period of enlightenment be very M'-on reached! ... Platonic friendship, once a thing smiled, ni. ;t; an impossibility, is so no longer, aIltrj in spite of sage waggings of heads ana will's of incredulity, women find it quite i>i>-sible to be on. terms of friendly com };;.nionship with a man without falling m love w.itli him, or considering .him m tne light of a future hnsbanid. Since women l>a\e had to step out Into the world oi bu siness and competition, the advic-e ana counsel of a man is extremely valuable, and certainly most desirable. It is simply tne height of absurdity that a woman Bhouldbe i ei|iiired by modeim society 'to give up the innocent pleasure of spending a profitable hour with an intelligent male mend because propriety is shocked at the mere no turn or mi-li a liiing. She may not he seen walking frequently with him, unless she happens to no engaged to hini; otherwise hor name will In; in evirybody's mouth, so she must follow nue of two courses.w Kitiier she must give tin her friend, or she must brave gossip idle c hatter. and follow out her own course heedless of It is well known that the face is an ex tremely sensitive recorder of our mental .11nl physical condition, so much so, in fac-, i h:\t indulgence in tits of temper not only makes a woman prematurely old a-nd ugly, but at the same time shortens her life. temper anid worry will trace more wrinkles in one night than massage and face i ivams can obliterate in1 twelve months. A i Kii'ius accompaniment of bad temper JS t he lo-* o£ lustre in the eyes, and the ap pi'irance of fhibbincss in the muscles. It is -.lit/ bv physiologists that every time one control of one's temper one unhinges a moral brain-cell and weakens, by several degrees, the capacity for self-control. The woman who grows old so beautifully as to i-.cin to retain lier youth, is one who never gives way lo bursts of passion, but conser ves her nerve force instead of expending it in ji way that rarely docs any good, and ilia: docs herself harm. The best preven live of a bad expression and an aged look i- to practise self-control until irritations .-im.I annoyances have lost all power to dis turb <mc's serenity. Some people, however, imr-'iie the opposite course with an assiduity worthy of a- better cause. Thev are con -i:in-ty oi) (lie lookout for injuries mid sliithts. and scent them from afar. They 1: ;iil ilieir siciits in front of you to tread ? >it them, and are equally wrathful whether Miii trend on them or whether you avoid doin'j so. lint after all they have their re » ;'.rd, ior by their faces you may know i iii'Ill. In the world of fashion as In everything ?'V.1 there is nothing new under the fun. The modes: revolve in cycles, and a striking ci'iifirination of this fact may be found in (he following article on "'Die Female At tire of the Present TJry." taken from a long t'Ktinet magazine, entitled ''Music and the A i t of Dress.'' Though written as long -aigo j is J.S,r.:i, it miufa't have been jienned to-dav, so well does it apply .to the style of dress worn at present. The costume now. in v*i-fit-.'. says the article in question, is one in whVJi '"women can dress quicklv, walk nimbly, cat plentifully, stoop easily, loll L'1-..'cefnH.v, and in short, perform all the «liilies of life without let or hindrance." This it jivay be noted, is peculiarly appli cable to tihe tailor- made-coat and skirt so much worn nowadays. The writer^ goes in to pokii out that woman's head is left to its natural size, 'Iter skin to its native inuitv. her W.n'.st to its proper region, and iier heels to iihcir real level. In fact, e-u-h ir.-.it ural beauty is p"iwitted fair play. What, f.-r iiisianec. was kncira. of a wo man's hair in the csm nf Henry the Lighth's time? or of h'cr forehead under the liair imi^cd over it in tl-. time of George II? .ii- of the slope of her sh-mld.-rs under "the ling.? wings worn in Queen KlizaTieth's .time? or of ihe slendeniic-s of her throat in a pcrgct of the dhy.s of Rdward I.? "Ncwadayp all these points receive^ full sa tisfaction for pa*t neglect. Tlie hair, to be gin with, float< in light silken curls, or hes in '-.'Death shining coiks. . The forehead, smooth- as mother-of-peail, is framed in the soft finding of the hah-. The diTS, con ccal'rd for generations, peen oiit like deli cate shells- on cither side of the head, and in a similar way. justice has been done to each feitnrc owing to the growth of <;ood lia-tc and the implication to dress of the canons of Oreek art. Milliners and costu miers mav tn' as they will to wean us fro-n craceful di«ssing. but we always return, m pojna degree at least, to garment"! *hat adorn without disfiguring us, 