:E SK ETCHER. TRUE COURAGE. By DOROTHY ELTON. ? :s are cowards at heart. JNot one j .s out-and-out plucky," averred jayhew in the lofty tone which he a. j bis superior BOX and two years' f(11 entitled him to use on occasion w;- ]0-year- old sister. He knew she f(ii particularly aggravating. miner afternoon being too warm j-,,, .on, both children lay stretched on tj, hunk, in the shade of the rugged . Heat and enforced idleness com fo.. : induced in Bobby one of his teas He knew when he spoke that Mi ild take up arms in defence of her fcl'X silly nonsense! Plenty of them au, hit as brave as boys," she flashed lia. i hoy. At their bravest they're, i'lll.' -I'lc. !.e to know how you make that (IIJt. the scornful reply. . lake killing snakes. You would |sli; .,s quick as look at it, for you're mi-Ii girl for nothing, but you'd j in v i : e quivers inside you all the time. \\(li; «? you would. You'd never think yu; i ikes was really jolly, same as us, a truthful little person, not even i" , : the charge of cowardice could Myee say she didn't feel "little quivers" when she had occasion to kill a snake, or, indeed, in any moment of danger. "Girls get strung up to do a thing; that's all. It's only make-believe outside sort ot pluck, though," went on Bobby. "The snake gets killed all the same," ob served Myee, "quivers or no quivers." The boy considered this remark beside the question, for he deigned no reply. After some thought, Myee inquired, "19 Jim Rand what you'd, call out-and-out plucky y" "Rather!" Myee knew that the man in question was Bobby's incarnate idea of a hero, just as he was her own. He was overseer on their father's station, and was noted far and wide for his pluck. There wasn't a buckjumper in the district he could not master, and to see him yarding cattle (for he always worked with the hands) was a revelation of recklessness, while the tales of his daring in the old oushranging days and times of attack from treacherous na tive tribes formed a large and thrilling part of the station stock of narratives. "Would you say he'd ever felt little quivers, or ever could feel quivers inside him?" pursued she, with apparent in genuousness. "Bet he never had one in all his life, and couldn't if he tried." BKITJSH PRISONERS AT PRETORIA : GENERAL VIEW OF THE CAMP WHERE THE PRISONERS ARE KEPT. "Well, you're just wrong, then." There was a note of triumph in Myee's voice. "For I heard him telling the new cook last week that be wouldn't sleep in the haunted hut, not if you waa to give him every penny for this year's clip. He said, what's more, there wasn't anyone on the run that wouldn't be scar'd to do it." The haunted hut had a gruesome history. Three men-one a Chinaman, which in some indefinable way added to the weird horror of the story-had at different times committed Buicide within its four slab walls. The singular part was that all three bodies had been found suspended from the centre of the self-same smoke-blackened rafter. Rumour had it that their spirits haunted the spot, and that they had BOER COAT-OF-ARMS. Motto-"Eendragt maakt magt" (Unity snakes strength). BRITISH PRISONERS AT PRETORIA THE BOER PATROLS (WITH UMBRELLAS) WATCHING THE PRISONERS.-("THE SPHERE.") Thiir resent place is at Waterval, a few miles north of the capital of the Transvaal. The first picture gives a general view of the Boer camp atWaterval, with the magazines, and in the background the camp of the Engusn prisoners, hospital, and provision magazine. The second picture shows the Boer sentries watching the prison camp. The scenery is very bare. The English prisoner in tL centre of the drawing is an invalid who is going to the hospital. There is a hospital here for iIiom who are slightly ill, but the more serious cases are sent to Pretoria. The English prisoners, privates, and non-commissioned officers are kept'in a camp surrounded by wire. Waterval is on a high, treeles9 plateau, but the air is very fresh and (.'nod. The barracks, five in number, are made of corrugated iron. The prisoners have to cook their own food, but the materials are provided for them. They have also to wash their own clothing and blankets. They look rather bored, but otlnTwise well. They appear to be getting a little bit out of hand, and this is not to be wondered at, as they are left entirely to themselves in this large camp with very little supervision. There is a large open space adjoining, where they can play gaiiui and take exercise. The whole space is surrounded by three rowB of electric lights, which are, of course, turned en at night. Twelve prisoners recently escaped, but they were soon captured, and Bent to Pretoria, to be imprisoned there. Twc j;oi as far as 45 miles from Waterval.-("The Sphere.") CRONJE'S STRONGHOLD ON THE HODDER RIVER, SURRENDERED ON MAJUBA DAT. FROM A SKETCH BY MR. FREDERIC VILLIERS, SPECIAL ARTIST OF THE "ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS." K«te by a,. Villlen.-The illustration shows the trenches dug in the soft grey soil on both banks of the river. Their great depth afforded the most perfect cover against the British shells, which, however, set fire to the Boer laager on the north bank. The trenches were further embanked With sand-bags. THE WAR IN SOUTH AFRICA. wrought over the place a spell which would impel any occupant to suicide. According to one version, the spirits lay in wait to assist at tfie ghastly ceremony. ; Bobby idayhew drew a long breath. Here was a chance to cover himself with glory-to break the station record for pluck, and at the same time to convince Myee of the imperviousness of at least one number of his sex to "little quivers." Thankb to an utter lack of imagination, he had absolutely no fear, which lack he mis LIEUTENANT JAMES LINDSAY LILLEY, Adjutant Second Victorian Contingent, Wounded in the head, and taken prisoner at Hout Nek, Monday, April 30. (Johnstone, O'Shannessy, and Co., Photo.) took, as many another before him has done, for courage of the highest and most invincible kind. "Jim Rand said no one would be game to sleep there, did he?" returned he. "Well. to show that I'm not afraid, I'll doss there meeelf to-night." "You!" Bobby nodded. "Yes, me." "But-but you don't really mean it, do you?" "Strike me dead if I don't." "Oh! Bobby." The incredulity in her tone gave place to consternation. Con vinced of hiB sincerity, she began to suffer pangs of self-reproach. If only she had not Men so insistent, Bobby would not have been forced into the position of proving his own intrepidity. Though he might not fear for himself, she feared ex ceedingly for him, having a lively belief in the supernatural. Fearful of the consequences which might ensue, she beiran to remonstrate with hi in; but her entreaties merely added to his determination "As there is nothing in the way of a bunk there. I'll take my saddle for a pillow, and borrow a bluey," announced the boy, rising to a half-recumbent position, and aiininp a couple of stones at a wag-tail imiojijr the rushes on the river bank. "And if . . .if you should see the ghosts!'" asked yiyee l)a!f tearfully. "I'll challenge 'em to a stand-up fight." Myee shuddered. To speak thus dis respectfully of disembodied spirits seemed "MIX!) VOL" DON'T IU N" ANY RI^KS." "lil'MKMHKU. IT S KOR gl'KKN AM) pot NTin . SORROWFUL PARTING. to her little short of blasphemy. Yet was she conscious through it nil of a thrill of pride in having so intrepid a brother. "Von must promise, on your honour, not to breathe a word to anyone about it till the morning. D'ye hear'/" said lie. tweak ing her long brown plait by way of em phasing the fact that he meant to be obeyed. Reluctantly she gave the desired pro mise. The haunted hut, which had been a "THE GIRLS \VE LEAVE BEHIND US." A CHAT THROUGH THE BARRIER. DEPARTURE OF AUSTRALIAN IMPERIAL REGIMENT, VICTORIAN CONTINGENT ; SCENES ON THE PIER. RATTERS PREPARING PHOSPHORUS BAIT. FIRING CARTRIDGES, WHICH EITHER SUFFOCATE OR DRIVE RATS OUT. RAT DESTRUCTION AT VIADUCT-BUILDINGS, FLINDERS-STREET, MELBOURNE, UNDER THE SUPERVISION OP DR. ELKINGTON AND MR. NANCE. " (.continued on next page.) shepherd's dwelling-piact «?nt homestead was buii tile far side of a ridge lit a mile from t)Je ],0Ujie wended his wav at n <> night. ' 1 His- bedroom was an c. mg on io the verandah, away unobserved by any stood, shiver inn with a;-; bed loom window to w.i,, .lier active imagination picted for him various ghosts. Bobby, undisturbed by went on, whistling soft! bluey on a stout stick an As he entered the hu: of a single room, he stnu: ecveraJ tarantulas. The disclosed a clear space wh< the saddle and bluey, win the earthen floor, were to ponsed bed. Haying lighted another r. round with his stick to were no snakes about, he u what crazy latch of the i! -wumfleH" np in the .blanket. "I'll be asleep in haif i . "and I would like to st> could rouse me once I'm of; Hardly five minutes had he was wrapped in sleep, 'I of the frogs in the river ne;i< cnes of the night-birds, Ik deaf. Even the rising of ti" did not disturb him, though : creaked and groaned like :? under the strain thus broup the bough of a gum i. down. :o the pre : >itu;ite<i or ' i e than hall : her lioM'.v ' tO ]1 tii.it room open .isily elipjieJ ? Myec, *.viw -1011, I'.v '"'r \- departure, already de unters wit'1 ;. jirehen-ion ? saddle and i- shoulder. .,h consist^ i tch, scavin? entary light ? could placf gether with i his extern and poked sure there up the some ;i nd, rolling down. . " muttered . <? ghost tba' , i pped before (he cronkiof ,iid the harsh ,wis blissfully wind outsi«L' no crazy I'1!"1 livine tl"nS 11 to hear ou ,me crashmf! ' It must have been about t«'u >" ® "/ 'ng, when the latch, j'ieldin*-1 t<> t'ie 'u . t, the wind, which had risen :r»1-°8 £ w fJ^Vpg back with a loud b;n>F that bro £ Bobby "up sitting," as he afterward preyed It. d Hie heart stood still, and his hair 0Dfli.rj for he saw at the doorway a white ngu wavering in the starlight, and jubI st> be*r down upon him. The wind 10 ,. Z i(T and black over its shoulder. ,,in, , of horrors! it was a pigtail! Iii.V 'row grew cold and clammy. He . - been able to withstand an ordi J of ghost, but-a Chinaman uai\ ghiT( uded past the figure, with a wild ras making for the homestead lily that he had ever deemed it ' s legs could travel. A-av he felt sure that the ghostly * following him. and a quicE back ".3,, -e as he gained his bedroomjdoor ... he was not mistaken. There .iction to be derived from the that he had left his pursuer ii]y in the rear. and locking the door, he leaned then, panting almost hysteri , while he recovered sufficient neIT. ;pbt a candle. r], miliar surroundings of his room, iiat commonplace glow, helped to iim. Sitting on the bed, he fell ing how absurdly unheroic he c looked as he fled; and he be .3I) t mder if, after all, the ghost might Jj0t j been a figment of his own fancy. ]j(. i just got as far as trying to jmap. he should **7 to Myee in the mon, ;ind how he could dress up the truti is to make it look as little ridi culoi. possible, when he heard a low tap ~ window. y0: ' moment he turned cold with fear; remembering that he "had the fl.]10j, inehold within call at his back, },f nied courage to approach the ^Hei ?.'..is, perhaps, a chance to recover sonie in'.- lost seli-rcapect. As even a pane glass between himself and his phost: isitant seenfed to afford protec tion, I , ntured to draw aside the blind. He . ;led back, then drew near again, to pet his senses had not plashed him fnlfp. >"o; i ?.' small white face, wide-eyed with PUTTING IN THE FERRET. DIGGING OUT. RAT DESTRUCTION AT VIADUCT-BUILDINGS, FLINDERS-STREET, MELBOURNE, UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF (See preceding page.) DR. ELKINGTON AND MR. NANCE. »WA iraioiH wia, *» or IM MROUI IRO ORANGE MIX AN or um> EOBHOT-B Asvm IN MUM OBMHS mono* WHEBI terror, pressed against the window-pane, wa? no oilier than Mvee's. Utterly bewildered, lie unlocked the door then, and a trembling little ligure, clad in ;i cream cashmere dressing-gown, crept in and sank into the nearest chair. A thought struck Hobby, and his face prow a little set. Had Myee been playing sonic trick on him, and was she now friiilitcned at its success? A second glance at the tearful, troubled little face dispelled that suspicion. Not that she would not h.'ve been justified, according to his way of thinking, ill thus testing his much-vaun ted courage: but somehow it would not have seemed "like Myee." to use his own phraseology. In response to his. question ing glance, ilyee proceeded to talter out her story. "1 couldn't sleep, Bobby. And no mat ter whether I shut niv eyes or kep' them open, I could see nothing but ghosts, ghosts, ghosts. And all the time they seemed to be stringing you up to that horrid rafter, in a quiet, creepy way that made me fee 1 as if I must scream. And I knew that if they did really hang you up and you died, I'd never, never forgive my self for setting you on to going. And, oh! Bobby, T thought even if I couldn't save you. I could die myself, any way," She paused for breath, her eyes dry now, and her cheeks burning. Bobby's face was half-turned from her. He did not speak. "Von see. I couldn't help,it: I iust had to go." she continued. "I slipped out of my window and down the garden and across the paddocks to the hills, running hard all the way. I was nfmid. oh. so afraid. I mightn't be there in time. The hut never seemed so far off before. Then just as I got near, the door banged wide open, all by itself; and that made me stand still for a moment, 'cause I didn't know what would happen next. It was all so dark inside, I couldn't see nothing at all: and I was just going to rush in and trv if I couldn't feel you somewhere about when you went flying past me like a rabbit -you went so quick- and I couldn't catch up to you. though I tried ever so. I guessed then you must have mistook me for one of the ghosts, and so I came to 'splfiin." Still Bobby said nothing. "I-I think I'll go to bed now," faltered the childish voice wearily. Bobby waked ronnd in silence with his sister to her room, and helped her over the sill. But instead of going straight away he lingered, irresolute, as if he wished to ear something, but hardly knew how to Bay it. "You ain't mad with me, are you?" Myee ventured to whisper. '"Cause you know I only wanted to save you, Bobby." "I want to tell you," he answered slowly, "that I think you are the very pluckiest girl-no. the very pluckiest person, I mean, that I know." Myee glowed with gratification. "But I had little quivers all the time," she confessed, too honest to accept praise that might not be her due. "That only make.® it all the braver, and I was quite wrong this afternoon," replied Bobby, whose night's lesson had not been in vain, as he moved away. R. GRIFFITHS, Bov that swam asOinrr. GEORGE M'GLTFIE. THE WRECK FROM FOOTWAY TO LONDON BRIDGE KUUtv. , n- M'Or Invalid washed asho JOHN FREFMW. Found on beach ins. r^iVe. PANORAMIC VIEW, LOOKING WEST FROM LONDON BRIDGE, SHOWING WRECKAGE. J. DELAHUHT, Barrlror who carried the nein to Portaea. SOLDIEBS SAVING CARGO. :r, WBEOKAGE ON HOSPITAL BOOKS. WRECK OP THE SIERRA NEVADA. AT THE BACK BEACH, CLOSE TO LONDON BRIDGE ROCK 