PENOLA COURT. BRENTON v. HALES. (From a Correspondent). In passing through the beautiful Soutb-East business demanded my pre sence in Penola on the 13th insfc. I was surprised to see such a stir of people in the main street, as I had been told it was such a dull place. People were con Terangtogetherin twos and threesj as if something unusual was on. After havingarefreshtnetitljoinied some of the bystanders and passed the usual compliments. Shortly after a gentle manjoin^in ancpexpressed hmjfdeaC in a braggadocio Vray,iriz~~p Sales -wiU win, the other party hasn't the ghost Of £ show, for Dahiels will getihe jpaise; 'd^sfias lit ito©ady." Iik»me1 to,#the tondusmnthene phs to ibetlomer races,,, and that ihe individUal was the town oner. ^Xfw«9|sai^ri8ediiedid notjfrav®; to ringfsb as tbldrawi peonle'a' a bell to ^ Djttffnquuy 51 Irasftoldj there was going to be a Courtcaie at 10 ; a.m. ^harpi between Brenton and Hales ahd f toait§each side: had their; counsel.^ iSiere swas a;huge attend-.; ance of he^era'afihelCourt/'fbrnbyer" before has a like case been brought . before the Penolal&bttri;,'' so I deter mined to hear too cas« §bfie plaintiff,: . T. Brenton summdnM^Winf^ffilejj toe defendant, for' damage done to his trap. ' The plaintiff said the&efendant; came to his place and^esked for., the loan of hie traj|r horse, nndi hatoess. Plaintiff granted shinr theJoanof toe horse, harness and traD on condition he returned them the same as he.got tto^lxPtaaatifE^Rld that4herde£|iS| ^^a^ TebgrnJ^ trfip brpkeh.in several places and that the trap was a com plete wreck. The plaintiff was away from home when the trap} was'return ed, but tbfedfefendant left word^with plaintiff's wife and son for plaintiff to get the trap repaired and he (defend ant) would pay the costs, and when plaintiff asked defendant for the costs for repairing the £rap defendant xefnsed- .to' pay; him. f Hp offered pllintiff JE2 as fall componsa tion Tor damage dbne to his trap. _ f _ ;f ,T The v he-tt ^Wpls^jKilled : j!ras JMriB.. Jane Brenton, wife of plaintiff, who. •aid ^®^e^jepp^l»red;defendant retumingiihe trap.-L'Saw him leadJthe, homes through the gate and leaving the horses to shnt the. gate saw the , homes move on/andig^ into^a gaUop;. andBawjhetraptuimdFer.ThedefenH ant capon to: the hoigsgvandlBaid it was a terrible accident, and asked; if Mr. Brenton wPsUib>iiiSei She replied ^'No." The defendant told her to tell Mr. Brenton to get the trap repaired and he wo"idd'pay the CT«ts-; |Spr two sons were present \vheh: he"tbl3her. . The next witnesses called .were T. Brenton nnd ,Wm. Brenton, «ons of plaintiff, who stated they saw the aecident- an3 tbatdefcndant Jaid£"tell your father to get the trap ropaired and I will pay the costs." - They also corroborated the evidence given by the first.jtffo-jnlie^ses. { .. Wml lSmith, overseer at Sifcruan, was called, and. said tr-He; saw the trap directly -after the. accident and found it a complete wreck;, He ex plained te the -Court of several breaks. He saw what was done by thb-accident - and said he knew the trap well and that was a gopd trapand was always keptin^jood Order. - He had- seen the trap hefdns "the "accident and' if was then in igood; onler.=. George Brownlees, coachbuilder, of INarracporte, said;—-He remembered the,, trap" hrdpght to "him for repairs. It Iboked as' if bad-severe usage, and was in -a" dilapidated Condition. - The Elaintifi asked' mehow much would e charge for repairing the trap. After examining it carefully he agreed to - repair it fer £7 lbs. He showed by his book to the Court that he had lost by repairing the. trap'for £7 10s; for after taking it ^to pieces he found the axle broken and the turntable broken lit throe places.' It looked to : be. a gapd strong trap. Done no re paws to / i^ap ohly what- he thought "was, .-do^^'by. the accident. Had received notice from plaintiff ~fo that effect. This brought the evidence of plain tiff to a close. The counsel for the defence applied for a nonsuit, Iratitiwas not enter tamed by the GourtC'L .J The defendant, Mr. Hales, was called and contradicted nearly all the evidence givenhy plaintiff's witnesses. -The defendant (said he did not promise to return things thesame as he got themandtHafc^fche daimage done to.^the trap was very little; that £1 5s would cover all costs for repairs; and that the herse plaintiff lent was the cause of the damage done the trap. It started kicking and bolting. He did not tell plaintiff to get the trap repaired and he would pay the costs. He said he saw the plaintiff when' he brought the trap back; that the plaintiff was at the house and spoke to him about the trap at the garden gate; that plaintiff saidit would only cost a few shillings to repair the damage done to the trap, mid if defendant paid plaintiff for the repair of the dash and the bask of trap,: he (plaintiff) would pay for any other damage^done. Cross-questioned by plaintiff, defendant said he did not shut the " gate, aiid that be left the horse without locking the wheels or taking the precaution of tieing the reins. He was not going ten. miles to get someone to bold the horse. He did not tell the plaintiff's witnesses he would pay tbecests.for the repairs to the trap, nor did he tell them to tell plaintiff to get tlie trap repaired and he would pay the. costs. He saw plaintiff at home..: He was. positive that he saw him, for he (plaintiff) told him if he (defendant) paid for the dash and back of trap he would pay for.anything else done. Plaintiff's counsel addressed the Conrt, and said he would produce evi dence to prove defendant was wrong. The plaintiff's family were respectable. They did not come here to perjure themselves, ' The plaintiff was re-called and denied being home or seeing the defendant. He said that defendant was telling a ■barefaced lie, and that defendant bad been telling a tissue of lies all through his evidence. He was at .Limestone jRidge station when defendant returned ihe trap on Monday morning. He left home about 4 a.m. to go to his work and did not return home before Saturday night. He lived about four miles from Limestone Ridge station. I From tbe time he lent defendant the trap he did not speak to defendant for about four weeks. That was tbe time be gave defendant the account that was sent by Mr. Geo. Brownlees for repairs to4he trap. Mrs. Brenton, recalled, said her hnsband was not at home when defen "dant'returned^the trapr He Was away -at -his wbr.ki.at—Limestorio Ridge Station. He left home about 4 a.m. bopojto his work, and did not return homeSbefore Saturday night. She had not s§en her husband at home since iKflent him the trap. I |LVf45renton, recalled, said that his father was not at home when deEen dajntfeturned the trap. He left home ohTVTionday morning abont 4 a.m. and did not comeback before Saturdaynight He vtent down to Limestone Ridge Station and told his father the trap wis broken. He did not see his father or speak to him at home after lending him the' itrap. ; •: Wni. ^prenton, -recalled, said his fatH&TV;&s; not at home wben the hap was reltirned. He left home to go to his work an hour before defendant retuirned ^tbe trap. Defendant came hack with tketTapabout i9 a.m. • He f^4c_:jsa^r orljpblce| his. father at hoinVafter lending the trap. This brought the evidence to a close. The.conhsel for the defence said there 1 had': been deliberate false evidence given, and sat down seemingly dis gusted. Plaintiffs counsel asked de fendant's ... ifr;he hadanymore to say. He^iaid ho? - The "plaintiff's counsel then made a very able speech, in which he said there was no law or j us fagd^lf^he^laiifi^lsta^; not given a verdict for theTull amount of his claim.: *Their "Worships then retired to examine the trap ontside the Court house, and after a long deliberation dhey returned to the Court and gave £ verdict foi the plaintiff for £7 10* and costs. 