I THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (published "DAILY.) ''*tfOOBESSl6& OOB -BIGHTS"«lb.Gt7B: JiKSpUBCKa.. ??BTSNDIGO, SATTjRBAYi JULY 23, 1000. \- PHOTOGRAPHY AS A PASTIME. . I:rthe current-number; of the ''Windsor Magazine" Mr. S,: R.;- Crock etc, the eminent.. Scotch novelist, in an extremely well-written article, sings the praises 'of photography. But, as he is careful to explain, it is that brench of the art which has beeu,reduced to such simplicity that 5'any fool"-"can-take' it up without the help of any previous know ledge or experience. AH one has to do, so. to speak, is to press the button,; and the . machine does the rest. [No- wonder; the "kodalc," soon after its first invention, came into almost universal use, and'formed neai'ly. as necessary a part of a lady's : or gentle man's outfit as a parasol or a bell-topper hat. The "snap-shot" was the cause of endless trouble. It was dangerous for a pedestrian-if he did not court publicity or desire his comely .features to bo imprinted upon a sensitive plate, to frequent any spot where amateur photographers abounded. A picture in one of the illustrated papers, showed a vicT of the Shanklin Chine, a picturesque waterfall in the Isle of Wight, with every nook and corner occupied.by an array of sharpshooter?, each one provided with his deadly weapon in the shape of a handy kodak. A flirtation in a "sequestered vale" is no longer a pleasing possibility without a keen lookout. "What happened'to Jones" may happen.to ;.ny of.us, and the chance of figuring on some, other fellow's negative while in the act of kissing our "best girl" is not a pleasant one to contemplate. But even this "random game'' of photographing "ill and.sundry" has its drawbacks. A re liable in.struinenr, guaranteed to do its work with unfailing accuracy cannot 'always be obtained.- Likc| the cheap gun, .the majority of kodaks are' liable to '?''go off; 011 their own account, 'often with disastrous effects to the operator. Mr. Crockett humorously relates his experiences and mischances until he fell in-'with r. per-' feet instrument, which ."put all his former troubles on one siue and allowed him to pro duce pictures which-if they lie all up to the standard of the specimens given-are certainly a credit to any artist. And this .style of photography, simple though it be, serves, as in the case of Mr. Crockett, a very practical purpose. It helps to jog the memory and to bring back fresh to the mind the remembrance of scenes whose impression have become somewhat blurred thtough the lapse of years. Tr.'.vellets can by this method keep a record of their journeys, which is all the more pleasing and suggestive be cause-written in'" line and . figure instead of words. ; ; ' ;? . 1 : Within the last few; years the science of photography"has- witnessed such -develop ments that there is no saying to what re sults new discoveries may lead. There are still problems, in connection with some of its operation's which have to be solved: nevertheless-', it is quite certain that some of these knotty questions will be ravelled out in a very short period. One of these is the question of photographing objects in their natural colors. Many schemes for '"attain -oof rep'^-""' .' ?: J The ing this end have already been invented, not one of them, however, so satisfactory that it has come into geneial adoption. Mr. Crockett, it is true, slyly claims the honor of being among the firs- to introduce colors into his negatives, but he naively confesses it got there by pure accident, and that his attempts to secure a repetition of the same' .shades ...ended in. disastrous . failure. No,- the sun -at present is mainly a "black and white" artist. In time .we may, with certainty as to the outcome, invoke his aid in presenting objects in their natural lines,, but tlu.t time hits not come yet. There are other directions, however, in which photography is making gUmt strides. As a help in discovering new slais and in catalogu ing the "roll of the heavens," it has long been recognised in astronomy. It cm be trusted, even wlisre. the tyo, aided by the telescopr, is at fault, and alt hough it will not bring things nearer, so sensitive is its vision that points of light which fail to make any impression upou human organs, are easily- felt and faithfully recorded. The c'nematograph, wi:h its fe lows-and es pecially the latest vaiiotv, the biognph - has opened" up a new wiohl <-f wonders.' Pictures dead and lifeless before, hive be come instinct with movement,' wi-h the very motions of the actor as they re.illy took place. Ic is only some six mouths since the disas irous attack upon Spion K'ip happened, yet here we iire able, sitting calmly at our ease, to witness the episodes »f tho buttle as they actually "occurred.. Tlie photographer now ranges beside the -war correspondent,, and the sketch or and the camera is as familiar a sight on the battlefield us the rifle or the ambulance waggon. The records thus ob tained are bound, to prove invaluable, and the' -evidence ' which these pictures afford upon what may be called disputed points is incontestable. .. That the pursuit of phonography merely as a pastime is an absorbing and instructive study, all those who have, given "their"minds to the "hobby"-' are bold 10 maintain. There is, in the first place,a veryconsiderable outlet for artistic feeling. Alrhouuji thupainter may regret the absence in photographs of. that suggestiveness .which-muss underlie all true ' art, nevertheless there -are effects. to be. caught which only one who has a perceptive instinct can quickly appreciate .the value of. Much chai'm may 'he uddrd : by tasteful grouping and cartful selection. The rule of choosing what is cs>ennai holds good here as on a painted canvas, with only fch'S- difierenco, that whatever material is put within ranch of the sun's rays will be transferred with perfect ; fideliiy to the paper. As an aid to the painter in secur ing a series of permanent studies, of: the; ever-varying phases, of sky in d sea, nothing could well be more useful ! To 'bccome a' real good/photogr-iphev require* constant, practice and a "certain, amiunc of earnest application. The mysteries of light, and shade hiive to be caivfuli'y probed,- it-de - mands fine judgment , precisely to propor tion the "du- vexpostire requited by a given picture. ' Chemistry eriteri largely into the art,'and much mixing of cuiio'us higrediants has to ..be. gone through id what Crockett' names" ?'. the great trouser-^taining: science,."'. Asrin other things .the road to success lies through many, failures..' 4 photographer; ig. not born, but., made, and made by." rather slow process. But even dtiring His novitiate much pleasure is experienced by theappreti-'. tice. * He is taken out jinto the open- air ; his eye ever on the quest for. a.!' find," dis-; covers; beauty, wherei : it". \vis ribveP;' Keen before;, ho roaches bis "iiilness" of'delight'-' when his first negative tuvns.;.out. -hand: somely, and his 'enthusiasm grows as his treasures accumulate; : j ; . -NOTES AND - COMMENTS. ; ? Mr. J. H.M'Coll's activity iin Ins Ministerial capacity, has frequently. been the. subject of favorable comment. Hitherto", the '-compliments; which have been lavished ujion" him" have re ferred to his administration:of the- law .which regulates the work-<..f his 'department,niid^'f the "Land Acts .themselves.. He has Evidently found scope far liisj-estles's" activity in_theie partmcut- itself,. and lie sijcceedcd - in- iitsti-. tutiiig V number- ci refvr'mp in-, the; working of the office, which-ought to;be attended with -lifnoficiailreswlts. A ntcmohiiiduai has lato ly.hc.en forwarded t.o the officers of the depart ment by Mr.- M'Coll, "with jth.e confident an ,ticipa,tion- that they will cheerfully' concur in JLlie .proposed changes and; decisions arrived Lat* thffiiiih* and render their best assistance i to..ms&flTSu;'working of the; 'department hat jmonioits and effective." This .incmionuitfum rig"tli5TESTritrof the deliberations of-the ^Minis ter. "in.-consultation with the Secretary for Lands _and the " Surveyor- General,., -.and. no. j-d6ubi-; tSeso-officers have materially aided in i;brin^iig-'about-elianges;for'j the better. A number of' changes have been made in regard to the; allotment of work, duties: of . various branches of the departmenti, and. steps have been taken to facilitate the ^despatch of husi uess in several .ways. ; Punctuality in attend ance is. to be .enforced,-and! generally -speak ing, the. --whole, .department as to be .'shaken up." -One section in th'c;.iueinorandum.reads : -"Overtime is to lie discouraged. Routine work to be completed by- the officers having it hi hand.day by day. Overtime.for which payment is made only to be allowed under the written instruction of headjof division, con firmed by the chief clerk. j Time books are to be sigiied, as usual, -by} officers working overtime 011 entering and itaviug." -Another item .with which there will jbe cordial agree ment is the following:-"It is rccogniscd'that obtaining officers . from ? other dcijart ments ; is, in - -many j instances, / not a success. ? The least competent men in some cases are sent-away, and tlie department re ceiving suffers accordingly, j This system is largely responsible for the lhck of interest- in the work of the department. All ofiiccrs whether _ transferees or r.ptl, are desired to take an intelligent interest Sn their work. In any changes, of system-or working of the de partment this factor.will be'kcenly "watched." The changes' effected evidence a keen desire 011 tlie part of Mr. M'Colj to increase the usefulness.of the - department to the State, and to correct-. those defiicts which have crippled its energies for good, and Mr. M'Coll is to be complimented npoul his earnest effort to turn his" opportunities as the head of this important department, to good account. . The plague scare has hail one satisfying effect, "lL least, as far a- the city-ol-lJeiidigo is concerned. . It-"has been thd means -of-.proving that our sanitary condition has not been such as would have assisted the spiead of the disease had it reached this city. There is.'something substantially comforting about this. The council obta.ned the s.ervicesjof nonexpert who, in csn junction with the inspector of ruisaiices' made a careful inspection 'of the city, and his report has, metaphorically, | only two dark -spots 011 it, one is Bath-line [and the other is the,Hack Creek drain'. , T]lie former is now being attended to, and the letter'is the subject 'I* a projected expenditure i-f £'2700 out of the new loan. Of.course there were a number of small matters that required attention, and as the result of a little spurring, the council saw that remedies Were applied. . It now emerges ?from the task ? of purifying {lie city with the pleasant conviction that the citizens, have a good giasp of the responsibility attaching to them as householders. Only four private places are mentioned in the report as heinu' in an ^insanitary stale, so thai in the future if an epidemic break out, tlie council will be in a position.to realise that if it takes the lead in stamping it out the latepavers will 'heartily follow. Just now there arc numerous visitors in Uemligo who have e--mc here for the sake of the winter climate, and it will also be re-assur ing to them to know that this e.ity will com pare very favorably with any other locality in tlie colony in point of cleanliness and sanita tion. The sensation this year is Count Von Zey> puliivs air ship. Man was never made by the.; Creator tolly through the air, as Mr. Wells'in his wild fantastic novels .predicts that he imty The great difficulty in theinavigation of flying machines will be the preservation of' their stability-ill .the'air;': 'IWiCh'the little knowledg^ .man possesses : of this 'art of flying, he is 'as yet the mere'plaything of 'natural forces, nuch as the wind and tlie di'lerent air currents which a bird navigates with so much ease and grace. Man requires such'a weighty load to enable him to cut through - the air, and this load is liable to shift and disturb his equilib rium on account of wind pressure. Count Von Zeppelin's balloon contains 1 l,.'i00 cubic metres of gas, and has a lip.i-.ig capacity of lu tons. The total weight. I e:ng nine tons, the energy necessary to drive the airship is ap proximately ,"7 horse-pow-,. r, producing a speed of n '3 miles per hour. The weight of both motors is 14301b., each motor using 131b. of benzine per hour, and each benzine tank having a capacity of 1321b., the ship can sail for 10 hours. Beneath the airship n rope is. suspended, upon which a sliding weight of 2201b. is carried to keep the ship in proper- longitudinal trim. ?For the sake of lightness aluminium enters large'y into its construction, and we ate told by Nikola Tosla the coming age will be.the age of aluminium. It-is only"7t ygars:, since this wonderful metal was discovered, - and it-he aluminium industry, scarcely 40 years old, com mands already' the attention; of the entire world. Such rapid growth has not been re, corded in the history of civilisation before. Not long ago aluminium was..sold at the fanciful price of 40 dollars per pound ; to-day it can be had in any desired amount for as many cents. A pound.of aluminium requires for fusion only about 70 per cent, of the heat needed for melting a pound of iron, and inasmuch as its weight is only about one-third of that of the latter, a volume of .aluminium four times that of iron could be obtained from a given amount of heat energy. This advance of the aluminium industry will doom the existence of the copper ore beyond any hope of recovery, so that there is a blue look out for copper shareholders in Australia. EIGHT PAGES.-Our issue this mornius consists of eight pages. ? "THE UEXDioosiAsr.""-1The mimng industry at Fosterville is represented in this week's "Bendigoniau" hy a number of characteristic views and groups. Two;snapshots illustrate a couple of stages of the Bendigo and Eaglehawk football match. The cartoon this week is a very good likeness of one of the principals of "the force" in Bendigo." Copies of the issue may be obtained at the office or from town awl country agents. THE PiETii BATTALION- LSQCIKY.-The Par liamentary Board of Inquiry appointed to ascertain the causes leading up to the disaffec tion in the Fifth Battalion, sat at the Warden's Court yesterday. Major-Thomson, che ofliccr commanding, the liattalkra, was examined at great length during the day, the chairman (Mr. A. S. Bailes), questioning him with. the utmost persistence for seve ral hours, the history of the battalion being to - a great extent unfolded. Major Thomson stated that when he recommended Sergeant Buley for the position. of quartermaster he. received a' letter of protest from Color 'sergeant' Stevenson. He did not forward this letter to headquarters because he accepted it more in the light of a. personal communication than an official one. The greatest interest was centred in the examination of Color-sergeant Stevenson and Sergeant Buley. The latter spoke candidly, and.remarked that if he was in Color-sergeant Stevenson's position he would "feel aggrieved. In reply to a gentle insinua tion about resigning, he replied that if he thought that it v.oild have settled the trouble lie would have followed this course, bub lie did not think it-would. In the evening the gallery was literally packed by the public,- including many militia members. Once or twice this closely wedged mass of humanity seemed in clined to give expression .to their feelings, which were ever at the. ebb jand flow, but a threat that the gallery would be e'eared reduced them to deeply -interested silence. The inquiry j will be resumed at 9.30 this mornincr, when the jboard will sit for two hours, j It is not likely that the inquiry will be finished.^ *.'TUB MAIXTJ3.\'A.VCI3 OF RIFLE CTcris.-The .City~Couucil yesterday received a letter from the Municipal Association of [Victoria, euctos -ing a copy of.the bill r to authorise contribu tions by municipal couneils.fo'r rifle ranges, and requesting the co-operation of the council in ; objecting to.the imposition of such a responsi ! bility, as the cost'should-come out of the con solidated revenue. The mayor said Cr. Abbott had very thoughtfully secured the-postpone menb of the measure when it j came before the (Legislative. .Council in order thac municipal councils might be in a position to express an opinion upon it. Cr. Abbott said that it was sought to push the bill throagh, as it merely gave permissiou to municipalities to subscribe for the benefit- of the: country, but as it was a' matter whicli'should be solely within the func tions of the state lie considered that before the Act. was passed' the municipalities should be -consulted. Gr. Lazarus moved, and Cr. Hoskins seconded; that a petition be prepared in opposi tion to .the measure, and forwarded to the Legislative.Council. This was carried. TILE Milduha RAILWAY.-Yesterday the City Council-received a communication from the Iriglewood Borough Council, stating that the report of the Mayor (Cr. G. Nixon), and .Cr." Deeble relative to the recent railway conference in Bendigo had been received and the decision of the conference to support the Ultima route heartily . endorsed. Since the holding of the conference Mr. Alex. Sinclair, of Boort and X'eaghiir, had suggested to the mayor that the executive committee of the central league should approach the "Age" management with . th&view; of obtaining the services of Mr. J. L. Dow to malic a thorough inspection . ot the route proposed for. the Ultima extension, and also tjint which would be followed by the Cro'jiomby -Tanks extension. Mr. Sinclair pointed out that when the Railway-Standing1 Committee travelled over-tlie Ultima rdiife/ die country beyond . Ultima was: seen to great, dis advantage.owing to drought,jbut at the present season the circumstances ware very different. Mr. Sinclair volunteered to -personally, at his owiveost, conduct Mr. Dow along both.routes." The; matter was referred to-the central league for its consideration. ; . - A VOICE -FROM* -AMERICA.-Yesterday-the Ci*y Councillistened to a brief letter from Cr; J. P..Carotin. Writing from Kennett-square, ' U.S.A., he said that he had made all arrange- ) meats to visit'Washington for the special pur | pose of obtaining copies of a number of works ! j calculated to he of service .to the council and I city of Bendigo. It was his intention to for ward them on after his" return from Paris and Loudon. It was his purpose to procure photos, showing the great contrast between-the system of street tree planting where he was staying and at Beudigo.. As soon as lie obtained a large-re duction of the hospitality which had been j heaped upon liim since his arrival in. the Stut.es, he hoped to collect some information' of con siderable interest to Bendigo. The letter was I left in the hands of the mayor for reply. I TUB T» t>. .' " THE Goi.DEx-sQTT.vnE "GHOST."- Rumors of a sensational character still continue to be circulated in Golden-square of the ecccntric behavior of the person who, it is asserted, still continues to ni"litly wander about the outskirts of the.locality, frightening women and children by suddenly appearing before f them iuthe most unexpected and terrifying j manner. ;. Although riiauy 'of the reports are doubtless considerably exaggerated, it is cer tain that several. youn molested: by . some, individual while proceed ing along the. dimly flighted streets of tllio suburb. In one instance a married woman was grappled, with,, and-in-.screaming for: as sistance was left in a fainting condition on the ground, and in another a young woman, was forcibly seized,.and an attempt was made to prevent her screaming by the scoundrel placing hie hand over li'er. mouth. Fortu nately, however, she managed to escape from his grasp, and sought shelter in a neighboring house. Several parties have been organised to. try and capture the ruffian, but up to the present their efforts have been unsuccess ful. Sr,\iiKS FROM TRAM MOTORS.-At the City Council meeting n fortnight ago, a communica tion was received from the manager of the Bendigo Tramv.-ay Co. to .the effect that every effort would be made to minimise the evils at tendant on flying sparks fronvthe tram motors. The council decided toallov'the matter to stand over for a fortnight in order, to see if any im provement took place. Yesterday Cr. Hoskins stated that sparks continued to cause annoyance, and it appeared as if the practice of burning wood was still being continued, as sparks'were numerous, notwithstanding any spark-arresters that might be used. It was decided to again defer the matter,for a fortnight, an officer of the council to make observations in the meantime and report. DEATH OF _«r E>:-I!E>TDICOXI v>\\-Yester day Mrs. Gambeita. wile of!Mr. C. L. '.!aci betta, of the Education department, passed away at her residence, Armadale, after a lin gering illness. The deceased iady, who was about 35 years of age., was a daughter ef the late Mr. .David Grai't, who was well kr.own many years ago in mining circles iii Bendigo and 'Melbourne. She leaves a family of four sons, the eldest being six years, and the Youngest' 13 months. Deceased's husband is. .a.son of Mr. C. Gambetca, the well-known mining manager of tint Princess ;Dagn'.nr mine. A FOOTBALL DEVTTTATCOK.-A deputation,, representing the Bendigo; District Football Association, and consisting of Messrs. T. Hogan and E. Kerr (president), was intro duced to the City Council yesterday ."by Cr.; Lazarus, and explained that the game of football was going back in Bendigo, owing to the fact that 110 facilities were given for practice. Mr. Kerr pointed out that the as sociation wonted permission, on behalf of tlio clubs constituting it, to have the.-uso of the Upper Reserve two afternoons in the week free of cliarg3. The practice could "take place under the. control of the caretaker 01 the ground. Mr. Hogaii said that the Eagle hawk footballers were allowed the use of Canterbury Park ground, for practice, and the result was that they could beat the Ben digo-teams. Only a woek ago a team of colored men had beaten a Bendigo team. In the interests of the national game, their re quest should be acceded tQ. ? The mayor, in reply, said that the curator, Mr. Gadd, wouicVbe consulted, and if it- should be found that the request was a reasonable one, and not calculated to result in damage tu the ground, the matter would receive the favorable consideration of the council. The matter was then formally referred to' the mayor, who said lie would be largely guided bv "the curator and caretaker. - ,, "THE SPECIMEN HILL FIRE.-We leal'ii that the fire which destroyed the residence of Mrs. J. James, at Specimen Hill onThui s day night-, was caused by a boarder leaving: a lighted candle on a dressing table ataiidmg near a indow, in which there was a broken paue of glass, the d'.aught from which caused the curtain to e.>m« in contact with the flame of the candle (luring his temporary ab sence from the room. The cottage, wticl; contained five refills, was insured in. "Clio' Lon don and Lancashire office 'for .£100.;.. Un fortunately, however, the furiiiture, which was completely destroyed, was uninsured. VICTOUY AT LAST.--Wbileltlie City, Council iva-j sitting yesterday a telegram was ban-led j to the mayor, intimating tlia,t the council had I Avon the suit, Meudell v. the council. With ? one accord, councillors rosei in their chairs ? and exclaimed,"jVJTIast we j have won a law case," and congratulated each other smilingly. . THE WEATHEH.-Unsettled weatliciv pre vailed again yesterday. Iii the morning a light shower fell, and another slight-downpour, took place, during the evening. The read ings at Mr. J. TJ. Edwards's, jeweller, were: Barometer-0 a.m.. 29.41; 112 noon, 29.39; .3 p.m., 29.29 ;;;l- pjn., 29.23. Thermometer \--9 a.m., -44; il2 jJcon,.".47£ .> p.m., 55; 6 p.m.,-50; minintum, 10; nia.'iimum, 58. To 3ay's"forecast r-Cloudy, with scattered rain, .heaviest,in south-western districts; norther ly to" north-westerly winds, strong, aud squally "alohg coast: roiijli sea in straits: vl -1 -1 'EUCHIIE PAHTY 'JSD IjjxcB.-A., euchre party and dance were held at the ToWii 'HaH last night, in aid of the Eiiipire Fair No. 1 stall. Over 350 ladies and geiitlemen.sojfc down to. cards in; the large hall, j where 90 table's wera liirranged. The prizes) were gained by the following-:-FirBt-lady, Mis3 Ethel"\Yliite; first'gentleman, Mr. E. Mueller; gentleman booby, Mr. J. Flohm; lady I^oby,.Mi;s:;^yh!ir ton. After eards,- Euppc-r ;wa> partaken of, and. dancing was kept up till the earlyT hours . :bf ?fcliis',moniirig;' The "maydress (Mrs. M'Go wan) and Mrs J. M.'Rippeii were the promo .tc'rs; of the function, hud they were .ably : assisted'by the following.-Mesdames Swalling, Beebe, Buckel, Sutton, Trail's ton, Balcliild, .Bully,'.: Wenborn, Doirafo and Bicliardson, and the Missesj !Nicolai,''Sawers; and Sutton. .-..??! . ArxEOE-D SHOPBREAKING.-J- A young- man named Charles'West was arretted by Detective Wilson and Plainelothes-coristab'.e Taylor yes terday, on a charge of breaking into Mr. Ni Gati'a butcher shop at the Irpnbark camp, find stealing a quantity of meat valued at 35s. The offence is ailtged to hajje been committed early yesterday morning, when there was no one on the premises, and the accused is alleged to have been seen crossing Mr. Ni Gail's yard with the stolen property in Jiis possession. Entrance was effected by forcing the shop doofj open. A BOLT.-Yesterday a horse attached to a butcher's cart belonging to Mr. W. B. Phillips, of Golden-square, was standing in the street at Golden-square, when it took fright and bolted. In turning the corner, at Illingsworth's brewery the cart struck a tree and overturned. The vehicle was considerably damaged. ALLEGED LAKCEXT.-About 5.30 o'clock yes terday afternoon.!Mr. Jas. .Collier, malinger of the Messrs. Williams's K boot establish ment, Pall Mall, 'observed a. man take a pair of boots from outside the' shop, and walk quickly down the sheet. Mr. Collier followed.' liim, and after a short struggle'he succeeded in regaining possession of the stolen property: Constable Caulfield arrived ion t he scene at this stage, and-the man, wlio gave his name as Frederick Wilson, was iloekcd up 011 a charge of stealing a pair of boots valued at 2/6. AT THE LOCKUP.-A woniau named Sarah Turner was arrested in View .street last night by Plainclothes-c.onstable Taylor on a charge of importuning. A -SOCIAL EVENING,-On Thursday evening last Mr. J. L. Edwards entertained the trus tees and coin 111 it too of the Golden-square. Me chanics' Institute, together with their lady friends, at his residence "Glen Tris," Booth street. About 40 ladies, and gentlemen were present. Yocil and instrumental selections were rendered by several of the .guests in a pleasing manner, and with other amusements a most enjoyable time was spent. Supper was served at 10.30. Thy president of the institution (Mr. W. Curtis'), in felicitous teims expressed the appreciation of the guests at Mr. Edwards's hospitality. Tho company dispersed about midnight. CONSUMPTION XOT COXTAGIoITS.-We have received a copy of the second edition of Dr. Duncan Turner's bonk, entitled, "Consump tion Not Contagious." The author, wiiile admitting thai the disease is communicable, ewleavois to .-how that with ordinary pre cautions no fear of contracting consumption by contact with a patient need be entertained. Dr. luriiei- slates that in the course of his professional career he has .come upon cases \vh«ro the patients have been rendered ad ditionally miserable by the fact that their re l.itnes would not associate with them for lear^of becoming infected. While there is no doubt much truth in what Dr. Turner says, the impre.-sioii amongst the majoritv oi medical men appears that relatives are. not M'.f.ieieutly guarded. This certainlv appears t<> be the greatest evil. Ille book/ however, is an interesting contribution to the diseus "P>n 'lu- extent- to which the disease is S.'.xiTMtr STATE OF T.,t at the City Council inceifu^I^'^cri!-,. "loft a very volaminn,110 anvor keld who some time a^fJ1,0^ $1? sanitary condition of ;!,c ei)t 'hl'( '"*> t bubonic plague. The rep £ J" ,T,e* of & ,l° statfc of Hie IJaci- W ',°K Cx«pti~ Bath Innu, hut" was oth^i e l'k % than adversely critical urImo;° favor.^V places were rc-lcrred to'-i« 1 - CUr )>rivv Abbott, remarked that it' 1!I!c!can. t-' earn .t!ut the eon,oils'C*^c!oryY tlio health of the city h-d lm ' I****' practical kind. As t of tccluiical detail, it was" not -Was 3 nia= beiiinr satisticd with tl-e as »r C0UBciI'cr\ wanted to pass an if fc be available at any time. ' " = " *0$ EASTER FAIR ART Umo.y.^j,.-" t. I'-astcr Imh- was held Mr .J r IVi t95 ^ hawk, generously donated a ratW^! 1 aynter, to the committee for ^ poses. \ esterday afternoon the ,-t r"°n Pa drawn at the Town Hall in the r-- on v* mayor and councillors Tin '"C::en-c u" & Lazarus personally conducted'?nci Ct winning ucket proving to be no V'r 11 Chawtajsi.e DONATIONS V the Great Central Victoria (v ' ablo example yesterday t v * xo o3 each to tl Benevolent Asvlunu comment eruay bv votivr rio . * _ -- m B.L.F.S. DISPENSARY EO'u-i, _T< meeting was held a, t!l0 D:q,;""ciilc »«t. uigs. lart' ",g])t, Mr. t. (i!as< ui' The election of officers'for VhlC'!I resulted 8S follows:-p» v,-,i yK Wright;.vice-president, Mr'D' v-V ^ ! -surer, Mr. B. Andrew; ewir. °y: ^ Messrs. W. Stuhhs and tj COmmi;!i tors, .Messrs.: l-; G. BiickelliV o" Joi ^ r.ud J.. A. Stowell; mbitnt A», !tl Messrs. S. Johns ' J cmT,... .-atinn coHmi.,r: A. Cuirie, C. IIoU: tare of Mr. M. Tuliy. wl,0 shortk c ty for the metropolis. I,. r«:p; ; l'; election of a eheniist, the oxemix^. fee was uidructed to take the ? to mckv ;;n appointment, ; ^ " ^=*uy^: LOYAL UcCndtoo Lodge Xi .wore iwitiatorl, andtv& me!t*r ship received. Sick..pay/^ountin^'^iv '? t w-£.P.a««I payment. TIhT tna-7"' ;\'il.c Visiting OST.T and Biothwr V' acknowledged by X.i}., r"p,"., , Vl Gold Miners' Pride Lod-e. * ' Ti-f.'. ?:l for the eveuinsr aiiiMinted^To i the business hntf been concluded oanist. v '» 2v(:-: ^fKLEOl'KN'K'TltEATW? P.OY < r TT.n a '""i'lie World Against He^" ' ^ yt.the Theatre Koyal. Mel^m-uo'a^T' in- large houses. It is under t!ie"..,iVm' ageincut of Mr. W. Andean, 'p^' prices are being charged,- and the W£ is opji, ;it Allans music ucumc. . . .. ' *' ALL SAINTS' Athletic CLVK entertainment will be held bv the All'sS Athletic Club in All Saints' School oh Wd-t oav evening next. An attractive pro»rllr. or minstrel son-s, farces, c-!ub s>vin<-°r'» v athletic exercises, has beeu arr.ir.^ed. =' ° " . MixriAxics' lK?T.tTurt-.-'The ajimwl ,n? (,f tlw feaudhurst Jlccliafics' li-ti anrl I roe Libr.ny .wi!! he he!'! on w" evening at 8 o'clock, when the auaaV^' and balance-sheet will'be fur«v tion, and oflicers fci- the cnsiiiii-' yur"?. be elected j All members .-.re miae»tJ t,v tend. 1 \- Axti-Wosiax's FitAxcmsE LrAcrr.-' women wishii.g to'sign a petiti-m inii;..v woman's frauehise.can.d,<\ so at Mr. ,1. £ sliaw's, the Motropole" TeaTloor.is. Girton C lege, Lawrc-nce and Co.. Cliarin r' (_>"«" at the Eaglehawk Town Mali. FIRE T3hjgai>E CONCERT.-On Wedr.ei weniag. licxt-' a concert and dance wi"'? held in the Foresters' Hail, Gfldeii-snK to defray the expenses incurred in ttE tion' with tlie Easter Fair floral disnlav; the Goldcii-Sfjiiaro Fire Brigade. A 25odV gramme has been arranged bv Mr. \\\". l)or': and as the members of the brigade have e tenally ..aided in making the Easter F? processions most, attractive for a number years past, they aro confident that the c will be highly successfu].* ST. _Mai!k S CHURCH,-Tlie A'en. Archdc. f coil. MacCnllagli-has. offered the vjc^icv St. Mark's Church, Golden-smiare, to Kev. T. W. Oakes, of Geclong. A ret' is expected from Mr. Oakes in a day RECEXT PATENTS.-Messrs. Edward Via and Son, patent and trade mark agent;, ?' and 1.3.i W'illiam-street, Melbourne (ahoSvu'^i and Brisbane), have filed the followingappa-M tions for Victorian patents during the ra | .26th July -Autorjatic.. feeder for priniK machines-W. Carter," Glasgow, 20th Jaj _coaiplete ; iniprovenictits in ihe mann'actorei incandescing electric lamps-W. L. Votike: London, 23rd July, complete ; improvement; gas stoves^-Ctiirles damtmil, Paris, 2-ird-Jn! ,complete; improved apparatus for brine:.] .'animals and packages--G. Runner and V/. E Boyens, Christchureh, '2t;li Ju!v, eomp'c'.f pump-!-J. S" Mortpc^.paklandj, U.S.A, S" "July; complete ; improved coiiiceoua mater and- propess of manufacture-A. Menesdoife Northcote, 2-3;li 'Ji:fy7 provi.-iona!; iniprerf safety devices for mining cases - M-v Cain ere n and Sutherland, fiillar^r, 20th kl provisional ; ball castors-K. Water;,, p ;con). fronr.Acms Ball Bearing Castor Co., S; Jersey,. 27lh Julj*,. complete. St. Andrew's College and tlie Cnr;»rate H. School reopen after the midwinter \scat:cn. Wednesday, 1st August. A conceit, in aid of the Bendipn Free Lite and Reading Room, will be helti en i' August. The arrajisremenfs in connection «itii !." annual re-union of Mr. II. Davey's ciiir--.':' held in the Oddfellows' Hall on Tuesday etf ing, -were carried out- by Mes-.-r-. H. and W. Roberts , as lion, ^ccretunc;. Mr. ? Bockelman and- Miss-L. Oliver played t^:| companiments. Special attention is drawn in inntaer to the announcement that dttrinK t;:e la-t 'H at "Ready Monej- Mac's" sale, unny Invi to be cleared at half their original j'tice. I \- Mr. H. Davey, of .the Red"Hmi-e. dR'.'^l tention to the medical advertisement in ' \ other column. _ I The Kovelty Tailoring Company anr.c--- i a clearing sale of tweed remnant?, loniE-r&l; to-day. .. .. .Mr.. Jas..Richardson directs .-pscLil to his advertisement in another column is making a leading line of garden «esi»-" Eeed -potatoes; " , ... This morning Messrs. Henderson and Go^" son: will commence a grc-at clearing .-remnants and odd lots, which have acjw^l during their winter sale, and whi;-h tner f-jl marked dotvn to ridiculously low prices »'l'' to clear before their annual sttv.ktakir.j. To-dav, at- 12.30 o'clock, at their rc^ Messrs. ~G. H. Hobson and Co. will scllwgl instructions from Mrs. Helena Kyan, l ,|1/"| lowing freehold properties:-W.B. comer Arnold and Lucan i ling, in Arnold-street Bridge-stroet. Full particular: in. our auction column. ~ 11 a.m., at their room: weekly sale of general 1 ... .. effects, piano, etc. Tlie list for tins ; . sale comprises over 600 lots of all J.,, furniture. Next Saturday, at 32-30 P--'1-- ^ will sell, at their rooms, 20 acrcs 1 'i ated at Sydney Flat, and on the ftn they will sell" 44 acres- orchard lanu> i parish of Strathfieldsaye. . _ ",rl;.-T Oh 9th August, at 3 p.m., Mr. ^\\- 'f,f, will sell at the Victoria hotel- 1 'jjj, valuable agricultural land, situated at .. Flat. j ilessrs. Alf. E. Wallis and Co. to their sale of city property, on on account of Mr. C. Bode. . ^ Oh Thursday- next, at 3 p.m.. ."» p.a Mr. J. II. Curnow will offer for petition, the following properties:, v hold building allotments, situated in j,ci,l street, Back Creek, under mslnic ;!>1 Jilr. John Wesley; a freehold a''0'mC",'.oi r_ ... .1 ... i_ .1 ill..- Slill3*' ,S pertics: - >> iiiean streets; Jinu .. £; tu*o v. b. .(^vCr :V1?5-;' .. particulars will umn. On Momby rooms, thov will cral household four-roomod w.b. (lwellm? thereon, situ3t- I M*Iyor road. near^Patrick-street, T"ndf tions from Mr. X. Ingham; a large freehold allotment, with a five-roomed brick dwelling thereon, situate off David- street, Back Creek under instructions from the exors. of Wm. Ett ridge, deceased. On Mondav next, at the Municip Mo-rs. Alf. *E. Waliis and Co. and -V^| Howe and M'Cotough. (in conjun^uon) ^-r>}l 100 Iartjc-framed Northern wether?. . VIVN-'I Mr. J. IT. Curnow will hold his ^1 of nunituro at Kaglehawk on and on Thursday at his rooms. Bendi^o. _ ^ t C| On Saturday, loth August, Walker and Co. will sell 5-io_ a^rc^"j fu^ land at Tandara, al.-:o -stock, ci^ccts » inre. On IStli. August, at 3 f'111". soil, at ihe Victoria hotel, Bendigo. bale cottairc. situated in Church-stre » i . haw k « K^l J Messrs. Pleafnnce, Graham and vi^l l>eth-r>treof, Melbourne, in ^ M^rs. w; 11. Fvsh and Co.. «ell. on 3I?t J(i!_v, lit 11 n.w.. <;n - .,vr.. ,:>. adjoining tlie R'edofdale J,tnf*i°n rr.iaChinerT tinn. near Kyneton, a quantity <'? ( i plant, etc.. and the freehold ail" 'L" Campaspe Deep Lead mine. . r j On Saturday next, at 1 p.m.. ft ,. j Messrs. II. M. Marks and Co. L uai residence, situated at Quarry li1., from Mr. F. B. Sow oil. On 1st September, at 2.30 p.m., at the "Vic toria hotel, Bendigo, Messrs. J* Watson and Co. will sell 2381 acres of good grazing land, situated in the parish of Snelbourne. Messrs. W. G. Jackson and Co. will lioid «Veir usual sale of hides, skins, etc., at their stores, Jl'Ivor road, on Monday, at 11.30 p.m. On Saturday next, at 1 p.m., .Messrs. R. O'Neill and Co. will hold their monthly lioise sale at the municipal yards, when 40 draught :md light horses will bo offered. Messrs. Jas. Andrew and Co. will conduct a palo of superior household furniture ;it their rooms on Monday next, at 11 a.m. Tho fur niture, will bo on view till 9 o'clock this even ing. ' 1 ? 