MY SILVER" JUBILEE. (Copyright.} BY LADY GHBERT. Author: of '"BanBhee - CaBtie," " Hetty Grey," "FourCAfctleMischiefs," "<Jiannetta," &C.; &o.; I was not ,at that time partner, in the big establishment of. Silver, Smith, and,. Co., but, having made.my,-character. as acareful; custodian of their .valuables, X; flattered myself that the cleverest swindler in London wouldsiiav-e -to give.it. up if he were to try to play tncks on mc. It was about, noon on a bright day m the height of theseaBon when aclergyman of particularly, gentlemanly bearing ' and. .elegant: dress came softly into our shop, and closed^ur swing door with a lightness of touch significant rather of relinement than of levity. I thought; as li e approached the counter, that I haft never seenia more dignified mem- bcr of the Church' establishment. - He had the typejof face- that -suggests - the • cultured leisure of the cathedral close. So typical was he, that I felt almost sure I had met him before', aii'd ptoiftlyran over in my ;mind the few occasions on 'which I Had hovered round circles -which would 1 naturally be graced by such a presence. His black clothing was as soft as silk, his hand3"were spotle5S.;the hat he w«pe;Trj» .perfect in its expression of- a: modesty" which refrained from making claim for the entire reverence due- to the wider brim of an archbishop. " t wish,".'he Bald, with a slight-wave of the hand towards the glittering: glass cases behind me, " to see'. some handsome articles, of silver for the use of the table. In fact, I am in - search -of a wedding present for my daughter.Bhehaa already been overwhelmed with personal ornaments, and one . hardly knows what to seleot. He put up his gold- rimmed eye-glass, -an eye-glass bo clorical that it seemed as though it had" never bpen used before for any pur-1 pose butreading the Bible, and stared mildly 1 up and down the shelveB • on which jugs, 1 tea- nrnB, -candelabra, and all such . para-. pliorjmlia. im the most costly workmanship, !m were displayed. -I promptly unlocked the j doors and -drew - forth the treasures, and j ranged them on the counter m front of him. | It was soon endent that he:possessed an exquisite taste, for all the articles -of more J heavy and florid design were waved aside-by j him> with a-Bhudder of .disapproval, .while he j hovered over the more deUcatelv-constructcd vessels -wilh» a ^deprecatory -. smile :of satUfaction; which, seemed to Bay that,-in as far as his ascetic calling would .permit, he was J pleased with thesestrides, "which - were bo | manifestly of the fnvohties and vamtieB-of this lower world. As he discoursediaboutithementB and de: | mei'iLB of tlic various-articles,--in low; .per- I suaslve tones that suggested the pulpit, a carved - 'and cushioned, pulpit dominating a 1 silken-rustling,- audience, .:! - fonna. myself | gradually coming under-the spell of a singutar,-iuiaoattoai»'<'>lteTer^had.-'S-mat-mibs i customer Bonntimately acqnainted withi and 1 so curiously, well-informed on the subjects | connected -with that part of my baein^Ka which^was < after; :my own heart. I had always had a taste for the more imaginative side of the metal-working art, and had even •• made some- designs myself -whieh-had been j thought to> be rather- BucceBsful. When my ] clerical cuBtomfer ' murmured the name of j Benvenuto "Gellinr-almost-as.-of one' he.had < known and loved, my blood v,'aB Etirred, and : X Euve myself np to the enjoyment of one of ; tlic niGRt delightful .conversations-X had-ever j Having paid a hurned Tisit to I Italy, myself, it waB yet new to me to hear j minute'-.and : technical . descriptions of the antique treasures to be found in,for instance, ' the- Florentine^ museums or : the Vatican. 1 From : these he flitted lightly to the ipOBSeBsion of art of this kind contained inEngland, ' even in unsuspected quarters, as-far as the] general public is concerned. | t myself have in my handB tss a saered . deposit of .trast, ;of cpnrseJ.I'-he'Baid, V some o£ the most ,exquisite spepimens of Church :'^ vessels. 1'opish relics, no doubt, but btill estimable from an historic point of view, as ! well asintrinBically.'yaluable.-inan.cxtraord-: iiiary degree-a cbaUce, eandlesticks used on the private altar of the great Thomas a'BecKett. .. If : you should be travelling at y any time in my part of the country I should j bemosthappytoshow-youthesEcuriosities."' Some words he let fall later on led me to ' the conclusion that he was Archdeacon somebody, and my curiosityas to his identity 1 was considerably aroused. However,-up to j this point he gave - mo no Information about himself, having all the time the manner of a man who was ,everywhere known, and who ! expected to be. -everywhere recognised. I I concealed the fact that Idid not recogiiise Mm, and hung on hi3 words with the open admiration to which he was evidently accustoined, though ho accepted it with an air of modest deprecation. | " But this will not help me through my business in London,'' he said suddenly, pulling himself up. «' I-am m town- only, for the day, and have many things to do. It has been quite a temptation.to talk-to a man who is acquainted with these matters o£ rare and ancient art. X muBt^really make my selection, however* and tear myself away—. Then came .the business of choice, in which I am bound to-Bay,..he.,Bhewed himBelf a master. He made a collection of the most dainty and elegant, as wdl as the most costly articles in our establishment. " You will say I am extravagant; '' he said, with a smile... " Providence has endowed me With almost too large a Bhar© of wealth—not altogether as revenue from the Church,but a good deal as patrimony.In self-defence,! may add that X 4o'not always squanderit in tbifi yery worldlyand yam-glorious manner. But when one has :an only, daughter and she is leaving one, also making.an alliance with a noble house, well, one feels that one must not mateier asliamedofier father." . My. memory, -involuntarily made an effort: to assure me whether ornojt I had seen the announcement of the approachinj? marriage o£ a nobleman.withthedaughtet of Archdeacon, bat I .was nnabie to give-attention to the subject, aud merely roUected that very few bndeshave ever received a prettier gift Ofeil ver from agenerousfather,'than the lady for whom, this glittering coireetibti "had hfea made. A'ow," he Bald, when all was done, " I Paye some other places to go, and I shall call back in an hour 'for my purchases. I shall pay cash at. once, and iBhall ask you"to have the change of a bank-note for £500; the artioles come to ^250,-I.think yoii Baia, Qiiite «eh.t, .yos, IsBffll bring the note from the Bank-Bank, of "England; It: will "be more Batiafaetoiy thana cheque." 1 murmured professions • of my unlimited confidence in this delightful representative M I may say It, of both God ind Mammon; However difficult 'it may be to serve two mawere, hers was one who hadlesint how to aoit. But thought conld be uo more than .neeting -and;, frngmentory iri company ao ab- ' Eorolfig and so faaexnating. Asmvcastomer je't the shop I again admired theelBgance^if is ®«urc, the dignity of bus bearing, the severe perfection of 5 his clerical habilimeote. went J • ' to -jj work • • - to • have ~ T the - *"'."^wb silver articles | pacKca, and war. occupied daring the whole' of the prescribed hour inlfittingthemneatly into » very large box and envelot>ingthem in, clouds-of safety-ensuring-material.. . Punctual to time the .purchaser returned. I saw bim alight from "a hansom ana stand; for a moment making some urbane remark to the cabby, who -seemed nnwontedly well pleased with his fare, and I advanced towards the door to receive 'him with suitable empressement.' I retiredibehind-tbe counter to eounV the notBB andgold,a.mountingto £250,'which I had provided as change for the note for £500, whichhad been duly deposited in my hand. While doing BO, prudence urged -me strongly to ascertain that the note was a. genuine one before parting with the money of the firm, yet it was with a twinge of .remorse for the disloyalty- of - the suspicion that I despatched a- trusted messenger to my bank with a line in writing asking to-be satisfied , with the honesty'of the nolo, -J kept my customer - engaged. m conversation 'until the; return of my envoy, who lirbught me.the assurance that I had confidently, expected. The note was as goodas any ever issued by the Bank of England. •••', I couuted>the two hundred and fifty .pounds in notes and gold mto'his -hand, and,.at his request, Bent a messenger for a cab to convey him and the box of silverto the railway station. He had dismissed the hansom of course; as a four-wheeler was neceB- Baxy for the accommodation of the box. • We were standing in the--middle .of the shop, the box was in waiting near, the-.dcor, and. while we talked I held the Bank of .England note open in my hands. , My clerical customer's parting words were as interesting as all the rest that had fallen-from his lips, and I was really rather regretful when, "the : sound of a cab stopping at the door announced that my' intercourse with him was at.au.end.. • • " I will give you my card,'' were hifl farewell words, preBenting . it- to me, " Archdeacon Sutherland, Tenerable-Bede Hall; shire, and if you should ever care to. see those interesting curios—the old chalice. urgartioulsr, is!wprth.a.risij Ttio entranceof a policeman - out short the sentence, - For some moments it was not apparenfcto me that the advent of this person had any connection with the presence of the Archdeacon, even though I saw the big an in uniform walk up to my customer and fix upon his amiable countenance a Bolema stare, which might eaBiIy.be. the.result of the magnetic power of the latter in compelling; admiration., ,Not. until the policeman stretched out a- mighty arm: and planted-a rude hand -familiarly on the Archdeacon's sho ulder, saymg,,f', You ? re ,tl(«jauBi.l3W>^".- did,I understand what the .intruder meant, j Then, glancing rapidly, backward over the cntiretransaotion'm whichthis worthyclergyman had played a part, and with are-aBsuring look at the bank note in my hand, I felt indignantly ^confident that thiB was: a case of mistaken identity. . ";l've' got you thistims,*' the pplicBman 1 vrenton. "and a. nice dance you've led me. . What'B he been up to here ?" turning to me ' With the contempt of .a man who is obliged to suspect.everybody for, one who has been too easily taken in. . " Soujnake a mistake—an unpardonable mistake," 7 1 began. " This gentleman who has completed almost satisfactory purchase ib Archdeacon '' 1 " Oh, [ know," said the policeman qnietly. "So-he ! S; been doing theclerical, has he ? • Last time he was an army colonel; tune beforethat it. was . a;h'American millionaire., MuBt aay . the clergy -Ime.is exceedingly becomm' to him. Might as well have-reached up to a Bisiiopric wf'.en he was.aboutit. The whole list of 'em .would, .be hard Eet to find a matc'n for him m the lookm'-of.the part.' -1 glanced from this "vulgar servant of thelawtotlie calm countenance of the venerable | accused, who Beemed ; to disdain all attempt at self- defehce, only murmured as he turned his eye5-.upon-.me and elevated his brows : 1\. " It : is : quite', too -absolutely ^ridiculous ! The man must be intoxicated— "This person,- Bir," said this policemani "is one of the most notorious swindlers we've got in Europe. There isn?t a city that ! he hasn't grabbed in. An eel iB afool tb him in' tbe wav hi' has of slippin* through the fingers of the force." " At least :• he has done nothing: wrong here,"- I rtmonstrated; " He has made a handsome pui-chasc, and paid for it on the spot." '•'•'''• - • " Howdidhe pay-you for it ?" . I held up the note which was : still in my hand. ' " Hum ! Bank: of England. . Will you allow-me to: look at it ? Just as :I should have expected—aforgeiy !" . . " Impossible," I declared. " I have -just reeeived.the assurance of-the: Bank that the note is a genuine'one.". Hie- pohceman Bmiled pityingly, • " * know them.bank gents," he said, easily taken .in aa yourself, Bir, begging your pardon. -It takes a man like me.to detect the tncks of such as he: Xiet me take another look at the note." . He took it from my hand and walked to, thedoscdiglass door to examine it. After a fullnmnute he returned and placed lt in my hand. " Eeep ifc, sir, and be ! appy,"Jie said.- 'Mf that's not a forgery I'll, go to gaol myself for the mortal remains of my life.'' \- I looked at tbe accused dignitary and taw that a change had now come over him. ..He glanced ^uneasily- at: - the '-note; and turned: green, and -then white: " Try to get him out of this, for<3od's Bake;-V he whispered to 'me, '' and let me go I am no match for him. Give me-- backmy note, and I- will.-.^ire • you your change, and; leave you.your siiver- . " Don't be-so frightened, sir,".I Baidj ; " havo coura/re, andali will be well." " Nothin' easier than to prove your mno cence 'before a -magistrate,!' said thepoliceman. -"-But. -how. "about'.those other little,: matters that you have been wanted for? all events there's a qab waitln' for you at the .door, - and you'll have to come along. Oh, yon -would, would you?" as the paor Arehaeacon struggled against the disgrace of the handcuffs .forced upon him.. " I woul d rather act quietly a,respectable establishment, but I! -. may .as well teli you that there's a good many-of itheforce waifcin' outside for a -whietle from me, and we can lay you by the heels, and take .yon that way if .you prefer it." . ~ i Z . .Hearing this my unfortunate customer subsided \- m despair,-and suffered himself io be handcuffed and conducted to the cab. • ' • Kow.sir," said the policeman to me, '-' thiB is a big "business, anS .'yon're a lucky man to have got no; fnrther in it. Vou hare . this box of dlvergrat lb the cab. I'm goin 7 to talro-the jprisoner before the magisr Irate at onoe,.-and the silver most be produced, and. yon will have to accompany us to' swear to your property. Oh, it's a big box! There, won't be room<forall oi ns. You frill have to. foUow ufi-in a Becond cab. and youmnBt' bring the Bank of ISngland'note with, yon. : r ought - to take possession of it with the rest of the things in iendenc& but per-* haps you would: be better aatisfifid to-feeep hold'of it yourself." I seized my hat, gave a few;hurried in- "stractions - to my subordinates, and walked" out of the door jtist as & Rocoud -csb drove ixp^ltotr^rbich ks& been seat for&ofon; the Arrival-of «uimw -Ml the me -policemaD. yUilUUIUiUi, - :: After All«r a ait9ir few re- reassunng words, spoken through the window of - the first cab to my. poor archdeacon; who was as iiile as a ghost and looked ready to weep, and with a satisfied look at the box of silver, which jvas carefully , stowed on the seat by the policeman> who kept hie band upon it, X got into the second cab, giving orders tothe driver to keep the firstrcabin viewand to follow on it closely. .•< • •. :. M.y • reflections, aB I' waB -driving along, were curiously mixed. I was quiteatease with- regard to the 'property,--for, not ®nly ^as the silver in charge of the police, I; - held in my-poBsessiou thearchdeacon'ssBank of England note for £500. The £250 ill the archdeacon's pocket were also in-charge;of" the 'police. There conld be no riBlj ofloss to the firm even in case it should be- proved that mv fascinating archdeacon was indeed an unholy fraud. But I could nol accept the possibility of'such a conclusion to this adventure. ' ' As we rattled through the thoroughfares I put my he&d; out of the cab window.from time to time to -SBe that we were following cloBely on the other cab; and for a considerable time'Ihad it well in view. At last the leading vehicle got a good way ahead of us, and though I thought I could atill see it, I began to get a little uneasy.. However, after another short interval my .cabman pulled up,-, and assured me over his shoulder that a block of traiuc had got-between him and the cab he' was to follow,and that he had quite lost sight -Of It. '..'... " Nevermind," I said, and gave him the address o£ the magistrate's court; .". that is where we have to go. If you drive fast now you will overtake them." After half-an-hour's further drmug -we ! arrived at the court. I jumped out of the cab; -and -gazed around- me. There was up appearance' of .another cab, orof ...my znend the archdeacon, or. of tlto policeman. I thought that if they.had arrived hrst, someone would have beea in waiting to direct me how to proceed, so .concluded that after all, we had made the better speed, I lingered. about the door for, some tune, said then I " went in to make enquiries. \- , - Nothing had T - i ever been^^heard there of infepersonBl ^as m pursuit of, and ! hastened to tell my story t^the magistrate. - Oh hearing the Case stated he immediately asked to see the five hundred pound note. . „ , u u , "I should say that yonr policema right," he said,. "and that the note is s fraud." j " But the Bank—" | «I think you had better toto it to the ^ Bank," he suggested. . ... ' I followedihis advice, ^and the Bank pronouncedthe note to Tie a forgery. I referred •to the information sent me only:an hour or ,. •••. ... .. .. , . i BO carUer as to thiB identical note. " This is not the identical note, 7 ' was the rcply. " An exchange-has been effected." . " But it never left my hand," I protested, except for about a minute while thepoheeman examined it. The Bank official looked grave. " It was a clever trick," he said. " But the policeman " ' . An aceom^ii<» .^thout^dbubt. f heard of a more cunningly-devised swindle, ; Years-have paBBeti siace Host sight of that receding cab in a London thoroughfare, and noTiewB ofeither Archdeacbn or peliQemah - " _ . j „ : has ever since reached me. The affair mis a gr^iat difficulty in my career, ,bat I outlived the misfortune, and can afford to speculate witK gbod humour on tbe poBBibiUtieB of the case. I Btill remember the Archdeacon with: • , .a , T ,, - . a bind of affeotion, and I never see the form of a tall,- dignified" ecclesiastic enter our place of buBinesa without a thrill of halfexpectation that here iB my venerable friend returning to.te.1 me the sequel of this tale, ; since I saw him, at the hands of that mgeni- 1 ous and vaiaTnoiis robber—the pretended " policeman . Andat these moments I am fain to put out of-.mind the, glaring .fact that inquiries made throughout shire had resulted in.! assunng me of the absolute non-existence of Archdeacon-Sutherland, and tbe'TwienUe Bede-Hall, his interesting residence. (The End.) 