Narracoorte Wesleyan Church; : ; J HARVEST THANKSGIVING -- rr *".• . ^sooiAjj. c, * FAREWELL TO THE REV. A. H. OARNE. On Monday evening a sooial took plaoe in the Wesleyan Churoh in oonneotioo with the harvest thanksgiving celebrations. .There was a very fair attendance, although the camber might have been greater. Mr. L. DeGaris, J.P., one -of - the -Circuit -Stewards,--presided. The gatheringwa8opened.withthBningiiig_of a hymn, and 'the" offering of prayer by the Rev. A. H. Carne. After one or two vocal items had beencontributad tHeOhairman said that one of their chief reasons for meeting that evening was to bid - good-bye to Mr. Carne. ^ They Were aofry" that' Mr. 'Oarne was going away, for he had been a faithfnl worker. Per haps his labors had not been attended with the results -that he would have liked- to .have seen, but they-were buoyed up by the -feeling that if a fruit tree was planted that it would not bear fruit at enoe.. He believed that the seed had been faithfully sown by their minister, and that it would be rasped in its own good time. He had notes of a speech" sufficient to oconpy their time .tor half an hoot,, bat as there were several better speakers than himself to follow, he would not take np the time of the meeting. Speaking as a circuit steward and layman his relations with Mr. Oarne bad been most plea sant and profitable, and-be wished him all the blessings and Enooess that God could, bestow uponhim. Mr. A. Attiwill said the Ohairman had told them the gathering was one to say farewell to Mr. Carne^' but it bad been advertised as a thanksgiving sooial. He asked whioh was it? (The Chairman—Both). " They were all thank ful to God for the meroies and blessings they bad received during the year. It was the cus tom of the Jewish church to have thanksgiving servioes, and they seemed to be perpetuating that onstom. It was-only fitting too that they should make some acknowledgment to God. They oould make their acknowledgment to God in private, but it was also fitting that they should do it publicly. He oould not say like the Ohairman that he was sorry Mr. Carne was going away. When he oame to Narra-.. ooorte three years ago he expected that he wonld have to go when that time had expired. He was sorry that the time had oome far Mr. to go, bat it was the rale of the Methodist Churoh, and he wonld not like to see it broken. Some ministers were not so mnoh favored as Mr. Oarne to remain three years in a circuit. With one exception, however, they had always kept their ministers the foil term, and- in that one instance the minister got tired end-said he wanted to go, bo they let him leave. The very large congregation that, had gathered in the Ohuroh the previoaa evening to heatMr. Game's farewell dUoourae was a testimony of how he was appreciated. Mr. Carne'a farewell sermon had been plain isncUhard hitting, and he' woold remember it and many other sermons preaohed by him while in N&Tracooirter; He hoped that Mr. Game was going to a better place than Narraooorte, where there would be more work, better congregations, end a larger "held for his labors. Where there were mere people, there would be more change of doing good.. He did not think Mr. Carne had any fault to find with Narraooorte; he thought 'his term here had been a pleasant one. He wished him God speed wherever he would go. He was sure he was going to his new oironit. full of hope and expectation. ~ Although he had not perhaps realized his f nllest expectations in this oironit, he must remember that God did not always give immediate results. Some might plant and others might'water, but " God alone oould give the inorease. He hoped that Mr. Game would often think of Nerracoerfe, and he felt an re that Narraooorte wonld often thinkof him, and he trustsd that God's blessing would fol low him. Mr. J. B. Blackwell said that as Mr. Atti will had made snob an exoellent speeoh'there was not muoh left for him to say,' ekbept to endorse Mr. Atti will's remarks. As a circuit steward he had got on well with Mr. Game, and the' same oould be said by him in his capacity as a Ohuroh Trustee. Speaking as Sunday Sohool Superintendent he regretted seeing so little of Mr. Game at school, bnt that was not bis "Jault, for his engagements in a wide circuit were too numerous to permit of him giving** much time to the Sunday sohool. When Mr. Oarne visited the school the boys were always pleased to-see him, and paid every attention to his remarks. He oould not say that. he . was not sorry Mr. Carne was going, away. He knew it was the_ rule of the Methodist Ohuroh for their ministers to be re moved every three years, -but .he. would have been pleased if Mr. Game oould have stayed with tbem longer. He had enjoyed his preach-' ing And. hoped the effeots of it would remain with himself and tbem. and be for tiio them all. He was sure it was the earnest wish ; of them all that Mr. Oarne would meet with ; sucoeBB and happiness wherever he_ would go,'! and if any dark olonds might arise iu his path , he prayed that the sunshine of God's faoe would dispel them. He wished Mr. Came, Miss Muir, and Mr. Carne'a family good bye.' . Mr. H. Menton said that he was not aware that he was to be oatied upon to apeak. He expressed his acknowledgment to-Mr. Garne for the help he had given him in his oonneo tion with the Chnroh. In the Ohristian Endeavor Society Mr. Carnehad been a great helper. He had thrown his whole soul -into the work, and although they had thought he was hard on them at times, still it had been for their good. He was sorry Mr. Oarne was going away, and he hoped that his snooesaor would be as good a minister. . Mr. W. Lucas was also surprised at being called upnn to speak. In saying good bye to Mr. Garne he hoped that he wonld fare well, and that at the place he was going to be would be treated better than at Narraooorte. He bad nothing to complain of in regard to Mr. Came.. They had many pleasant and profit able conversations together, and he had listened with pleasure and benefit to his preaching. Mr. E. DeGaris was very glad to be present to bid good-bye to Mr. Oarne. It di4 him good to see others happy, and judging by their faoes they all appeared to be happy that night. Three years ago they met to we/oome Mr. Game and on that occasion he had tried to say a few words. He had then felt nervous, and he did not know that he felt any batter now, Be b»d baud Mr, Qua* prewh • low times before be came to Narraooorte, and when be was appointed here be concluded that. he would be the right man in the right plane. He had found out that during Mr. Carrie's three years' ministry here that he had not been disappointed. Ha vine been laid aside from the active pursuits of life during the past 13 or 14 years he bad been enabled to study the word of God closely, and he had heard Mr. Game preach on many of the passages he had - studied. He had listened to his preaching with mnch satisfaction and pleasure. During his term of ministry in Narraooorte Mr. Carne had sustained a severe loss, but he had borne it with muoh fortitude and Christian resigna tion and with full submission to the will of God. Mr. Oarne htfd often visited him, and they had often prayed together and the pre sence of God had <refreshed their spirits. - He had gone visiting in the country with Mr. Oarne, and he bad read and prayed to many people who belonged to no Church. This was a duty that all Christian ministers should oarry out. He'had always found Mr. .Carne. kind and sympathetic, mid ever ready, to give a word of cheer and oomfort. He believed the great heed of the Ohuroh was the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and without that it oould do no work. To this end they should be united in i fervent prayer. It was his wish that Mr, Game's labors would crowned with muoh sue- j cess and that God's presence and love would be with him. '■ Mr. G. J. Smith Baid he did not expect to be bailed upon to apeak. He was like uioat of the membarBoftheOhuroh,abetter doer than talker. He felt that he did not like to Bay ([ood-bye to Mr. Oarne. When a nioe lot of things were Baid about anyone going away, he did not think it waa always a: true expression of what one felt. The grip of the hand and the un spoken word, often expressed'more than all that oonld be said, and it was when one had the feelings of emotion too deep for words that he oonld best express himself,. His relations with Mr. Oarne on all idatters had been plea Bant, and he trashed that his relations with the stewards and other Ghnroh offioers at Terowie wonld' be m cordial as here. He had to apolo gise for the absence of Mr. A. H. Nioholls, the secretary to the Bible Society, and on bis behalf he thanked Mr. Carne for the services be had rendered to the Society. He hoped he wonld carry into effect. in Terowie the System of work adopted by the Society here. ! The Bev. Al.H.Otirne said he felt like Mr. Smith. L^was not at all a pleasant prooesa to Say good-bye. He did not know if they oonld by any words they might speak have shown him more of their kindness- and regard. He was reminded of an bid English proverb— '?Actions speak loader than words," which was applicable in the present oase. -There was no needof verbal testimony of bow they esteemed and loved him :as their minister. He thanked tihetn cordially for -all the kindnesses bestowed npon him—kindnesses that bad been broader and deeper, than words oonld have spoken— kindnesses .that baid almost.melted his heart ijnd would melt -his heart in the future. Dur ibg his term'of ministry here the great shadow of his life bad" fallen over him, and if for no cither reason than that Narraooorte wonld never die from his memory. Some few months after that oooorrenoe he had passed through a tame daring whioh the temptation of the Evil One was npon him to doubt the existence of God. No one'knew it; it was a tempta tion only known to himself. He had, how ever, never "dofibted the existence of God, qlthough tempted; bat, thank God, He had given him' the victory, and he now stood to testify to the fabt that God was love. At the time when they had gathered to' weloome him he had stated that he hoped to do a fair amount of' visiting By that he meant visiting thronghontthe circuit, and people often forgot the wideness and extent of their cironit. He had sometimes been blamed for not visiting enough. - In some oases there was good cause for blame, but in others be had been blamed unjustly. He had tried to go where he was most needed. At Avenue Range and Con murra more visitation was required than in Narracoorte, and he had visited frequently in that part of the oircnit. He oould say that he liad done mere outside visiting than any other minister that had been in the oircnit, with the exception of the late Mr. Mills, and when he was in the circuit Aveuue Range was not a portion of it. At their weloome social to him he said that he hoped to pay 500 visits a year. He had done what he hoped, for during his three years' term he had made 1,500 visits, and each visit had averaged two hoars. He did not speak of that boastfully, bat to show the friends who blamed him for not visiting what be had done. The most important part of any Methodist minister's work was the preaohing, but he bad also combined travelling with it, and had travelled all heoould.' He might have visited oftener than he had, but he thought when all things were considered they would find he had done a fair share. He claimed olemenoy for the incoming minister, and he reminded them that there were seven or eight plaoes in the oironit. As he had already told them he had not aimed at eloquence or brilli ancy in preaching, but he bad spoken so that the smallest child oould understand him. Re ferring to the finances of the Church be would have liked to have left them in a better posi tion. During the first three months of his term over £100 had been incurred in extra ordinary expenses in removal, making addi tions to the manse, and repairs. Some of the brethren had persisted in asserting that the Church was going into debt at the rate of £50 a year, bnt it was not so. When he oame to Narraooorte the Church debt stood at £90, and it now stood at £135, or an increaee of £45. "Daring that time they had paid off principal and interest on the Trust Debt amounting to £94 and he maintained that actaatly the cirooit finances were in a better condition by £50 than when he oame to Narracoorte. It there had not been interest to pay on previously contrac ted debts they would have been in a still better position. He did not know that he was going to -a better place than Narraooorte. It was not snob a pretty place, and there was not so good a ohmata. He might receive kindness there, but*he did not think he could go to any place where he would receive more kindness than he had received from the people of Narra coorte and in the circuit. In all the places in ' I the oircnit he had received many kindnesses, and be was much indebted to the ontside ! people, wbo were always willing to place _traps and horses at his disposal, and even then ser vices. About eighteen monthB ago when they had cause to discuss the finances, they had prepared an estimate of what the average income and expenditure should be for eaoh of the plaoes in the oirouit. They put down the estimated income for Conmurra at £20 per year, which for the previous years had aver aged £14^. Avenue Range was assessed at £17 per year... From Conmurra during ..the past year they had received £25 and from Avenue Range £30. His best outside rireaohiuer olaoea were Conmurra and Avenue Range and be attributed their being so and the gratifying increase in their finauoes, to the visiting that had been done in them. He thanked them for theoontinned kindness and the interest tbey had shown to him. TTia relations with all the ohuroh ^offioertTittd'Btioieties'bisd been of the most friendly and pleasant description and he wonld go away 'with the recognition that he had reoeived of them kindness'more than he deserved. If he had been blamed wrongly for some things, there we#e times when he deserved it, and had not received it. - In bidding them farewell he trusted that God's blessing wonld rest on them as a Ohuroh. During the eveningthe following vocal items were contributed :—'-'Only Tired," Miss Millie DeGaris; "In the Cathedral," .Miss Sehinokel; ! "The Perfect Life," Mrs. J. Magarey; "Apart," Miss DeGaris. Mr. T. W. Lloyd played an organ selection with taste. After the hymn "God Be With You Till We Meet Again" had been sung, an exoellent supper, provided by the ladies, wae partaken of, and the proceedings Closed with the singing of the doxology and the pronouncing of the bene diction. 