THE. HEAULtbS OHOBI OF I GOLDiNGTONS, | Lovera of fcho mysferions (writes n \ contributor to ' M. A.P.') will find much to interest them in the storj of the bead, lesa gbost of , Goidingtonp, for it i3 genuine spectre of tbe good old-fashioned kind. Goldingtons is a beautiful Tador Mansion at Sarratt, in Hertfort shire, a white house set big!) on a bill in the midst of spreading woods — tbe ideal homo for a phauloiu. It is at present owned and ocoupied by Mr. Peter Clntterbuck, sod of the la:e Mr. Thomas Clulterbuck, the eccentric brewer of Stanmore. Old Mr. Thomas Clutter buck resided at Micklerield H .11, Barrett and Goldinctona formed port of the estate which ho willed to his son. The story goes that a gentleman some time ago was spending, a night at the house, and, in accordance with custom, du'y rt.tirjd for sleep. His bedchamber wus a pleasant apAitruenr iu iouk ui, ana tbp. bed was a roomy, comfortable, four poster, with a canopy and hangings. Everything invited repose, and the gentlemnn dropped o5 into what pro mised to be a refreshing s'eep, when, in the middle darkness of tbe nigbt, the nsual ' something ' uncanny in the atmosphere made him suddenly open his eyes. What he saw was a fltoutisli hazy figure in blue clothps with brass buttons. It wore knee breicbea, and the cut of tbe cosiume belonged to bygonp days. The spectre approaob the bed, and then, waving its arms disappeared, leav ing tbe occupant rather puzzled to ac count for tbe visit. When tho gbost bad gone, and the gentleman begun to reconstruct tbe scene in his mind, he found that he had no memorv of hi3 visitor's face. BiU. ab tbe thonght crossjd his brain, he accoun ted for it by the supposition Ibat tbe spectre's face atd bead may have been hidden from his view by some of tbe hangings of tho old four-foster. Bnt when he told the tale of his night's experience to the family iu the morning he wasr soon enligbted as to his error. ' You have seen lha headless butler!' they told him. Tbe legend has it that, many years ago, a former proprietor of Goldingtons became jealous of his bntler, and was so enraged by his suspicions that be di-- capited his Bervant with bis sword as he was l)iDg in bed. Natarally enough, the headless gbost haunts tho house to this very day, and i* nndonbtedly ono of fineitand raoefc legitimate spectres of tbo home countries. The identical iY:ur--post bed is to be Been at Goldingtona the bed in which thobntlprwas dispatohe.1 and from which one gentleman, at least, bavseen his counterfeit presentment re visiting this earth in the watches of the night. And the people of Sarrutt will confirm the acoount that thb house is haunted, that strange feet walk there, that doors open and slam in tho most unao countable manner, and that more mysterious sounds are to be heard in Goldingtons tban can be explained by tbe philosophy oErII Hertfordshire 