WttBWUt life#«*»%»ttoWr [?] :|-4ki^^.: -.-IWwl; ?=?-!. :.f::' lOltaB Batetfer . . Befbr«l»|Waa an opsn new* ?ffV-Sff- livered bv the poarmsoafew . jshiiitei pre* vlouity. If waa. the Wurrjway.o (Australia) ?;J&ro;«y. ana tbers m one paragraph whkh had been marked In relink, apparently to oatl Norsh's attontioo to It. j , DEATHS. Ht-BN0ASTLH.-On Batted*?, «b» «& Bep trtnbS, at Wurrywayo, John Btaart Hmfc Mtfhs, afteS Ofnuj, of dysentery, attar an { Norah stared at the paper with dry eyav her lin drawn tightly together with an ez prension of inward agony on her face. Then nature came to bet relief, and abe ?obbeipKsondy (??''iMsdt' she cried. ' Oh, my poor, poor Jack I The light of my life Is blotted oot.' And It seemed as if abe apoke truly. Instead of the brisk, happy Norat (Sold, she beoame aa if by th« tonoh of a magician's wand a plodding, oarewom young woman, {going about her work in her father'* bouse j without heart, and amply as a matter of doty ,androntine. I In one abort day she appeared to have aged ten years. | Norah'* father was a grooer, but bi* trade was not floarinhing. He was a shopkeeper ot tne old eohool; competition had arisen wbioh he ooold not cope with ; and that, and an unfortunate tendency on his part to drown hia oates in the cap that inebriates, bad sent him on the downward path. By far hia largest creditor wan Frank Parketer, a young man of means wbo had anooeeded to a good {wholesale groom's business ; and Frank bad ilaUm hopelessly in love with Norah Bafaner |— iopelwsly. because her heart was already 'given to Jack Homoaatle. Frank, howerer, . was a persistent suitoi, and had more than' onoe intimated to old Samuel Balmer that if be could induce hi* daughter to aooeptbun .he would wipe off aH his debts and practically . pension the old man off. i To do Mr. Balmer justice, he bad not, hitherto, proved Norah on tfaa subject. He : respected her love for Jack, and now that i Jack was dead, after allowing: time for the first passionate grief to eubrfde. he gently put it to her whether ebe could not briny herself to marry Frank Parketer and save ,ber old father and herself frum ruin. I ; Norah did not care what happened to her, and she allowed herself to be fed like a lamb i to the slawrhter. | Frank Parketer'a and Norah'a tastes did .not prove to be in ownmon. Fast, fond of a I town life, and a little given to betting, he soon got tired of his handsome, qniet wife, and, seeking those pleasures that were oon :ireuial to him, be left her at home to oara fur : their only child, a flirt. Norah. ? Mrs. Parketer passively submitted to his nejfleot ; and when, after hi yean of wedded Ufa, her husband died from the effects of ! dissipation, leaving bis affairs so involved that | she was thrown on the world almost ! penniless, she applied herself with qniet , l fortitude to the task of earning bread for ' bemelf and her daughter. As a mother she loved her little Norah devotedly, though her life, so to xpeak, was buried with Jack Horn ,'?*? ? $ | Little Norah was 'little' no longer. Although only sixteen she was tall, wtth a sedate and pensive expression which gave her an appearance of being older than she really was. i . Mrs. Parketer had contrived to keep her daughter and herself by means of her needle, but her sight had lately bean falling, and the doctor told her that she must give her eyes a complete rest or she would very likely po blind. This seemed Impossible, but young Norsh had set herself te learn shorthand and ? typewriting, and was now trying hard to ! obtain a situation, so as by hnr earnings to . let her motbrr have the rest she required. | Sheaunwered advertisements and eagerly 'watched the postman on his rounds, but I disappointment had hitherto been her lot. | At hut, however, one morning:, there was the unusual but welcome 'rut-tat.' 'Mother, mother 1' she cried. 'I've got u letter. I am to no and see the gentleman this morning. It's at the 'Australian Wool Agency ' in Mnorgate street.' ' I pray God you may be successful, my darling.' 'Oh, I am sare I shall get the place,' cried ! Norali hopefully.' Ihaveaprewntimenttbat I 1 shall.' ; ** Ah, child, preaentunents, when fhey are of vood fortune, are mostly thoughts bom of wishes,' replied her mother. 'But let me look at the letter.' Norah handed her a typewritten note. 'Mr. HoruoasUe wiU be glad if Miss Parketer will can upon him to-morrow moruiuir at eleven o'oluok.' ' HomoHstle !' murmured Mrs. Parketer. ?? How different it would all have been if poor Jack had not died.' ' What did you say, mother P' asked Noruh. ' noraing, my oamng. i was ouiy cnros- * inR. The name of Hnrncartle reminded me of Honitxnie whom I knew yean ago. If the name if-a) for any thing in the wuy of gsod look,' she added, with a ghost of a smile, 'you ought to be Huooussf ul. norah. anxious not to be late, arrived an Moorirate xtreet full ten minutes too hoou. The youth who was in the offinn knew her errand. Mid the ides of this tall, ladylik- girl being hit* fpllow-olprk was ourious to him. He nmoived her with u strange mixture of shy nwpect and familiarity. 'Mr. Hornoustle hasn't come yet, miss,' he said. ' It's not a market day, you know, and he's never here before eleveu on 'off days'' 'Oh, thank you,' she answered timidly. ?? I will wait.' 'Here's a chair, mias,' said the clerk, as he «hHW one towards her. 'The guvnor's nun to be here at eleven. He's awfully, punctual.' The tm minute' seemed an age to Norah, but precisely as the olock m the Bank of Rngland rnanged out the bour the office door was thrown open, and a fine, broad* shouldered, athlntio-iooking nuiu of about ntrtv years 01 age. or pernaps a nniie more, walked in. He planned at the girl who waa sitting in Jhe miled-in space that did duty for a waiting-room, and, as he did so, his face paled visibly and he stared at her so fixedly that, she frit quite confused. 'Ah I You've nailed in answer to my note, haven't youf' he said, as he noticed her rising colour. 'I will aee yon almost immrdiately— aa soon as I have opened my letters.' the letters were few and unimportant that morning, and what there were were quickly thrown niridn. But Mr. Honioantle sat with hia ohiu on his hsnd in deep thought 'Strange!' he ninttered. 'I selected her letter ont of hundreds beoanne of the name of Nnrsh. and she's the very image of my poor sweetheart ** ?Then hi' renvmbored that the 'Image' was waiting, and he called for her to be shown in. 'Tskxaanat, Hiss I'arketnr,' beaaid, aa he artfully planed a ohair where the light ' would fall full upon her. ' Tou can use the .typewriter F' She wai- nprvoii* and trembling. I . ' 1 have learnt it, sir.' she replied. 'But 1 1— fvo not had a situation ret.'1 ??'ut*&-Uri&,'mXU*tto. 'Ana the ^^?Ii|J!yi^fc«-,on.ahurioi -on a.Bttle. as- iSttLa£^u5t£swiJBB^&iBr4iritlmuia;\B»' ^^«4 ^rpea U absolutely without «Oo«d [her aiwaoe which, was oonaiderably : ; 0 Tonoao start to-morrow,' be oonUnued. '?Batheforo,yoa«D jnigbt I ask yon a few qmtfcnawtbnunniff' Njorah«h»«ooaa»; she opened her little ?atphel. ..'..-... ;,: . - 1 'I quite forgot,/ -sir,*! At answered. ' I have a letter here a« to my «harabter from our clergyman and also we from the firm that mother has worked for an to our respect 'ability.' . . ' laid not mean that,' he replied, with a wave of tha hand. ' I aiuntfafied with you without anything of that sort. But yen remind me foroSbly of someone else. When were yon bornf' The abruptness of the question sterUed her. ??I— I was bom at fcmartstame in York shire, sb.' 'Very extraordinary! Very exrra ordlnarr I' he exclaimed. 'Have you any one of the nams of Balmer in your family P' \- ' My mother's maiden name was Balmer,' -he said. 'It's strange,' ha cried. 'I thought that I knew every family in Sinartstona, and yet I only knew one Baltner. Samuel Balmer, the grooer.' 'Hi was my grandfather, sir. I recollect him well. He died' when I was six years old, just before my own father died.' Mr. Homoaatle jumped from bis chair and walked the room ezuitedry. 'Is your mother's name Norah, like youmf he asked. , 'Yes, her name's Norah, sir.' 'Then I've been wiokodly imposed upon,' be cried. And, abouung to the youth in the office, he told him to fetch a cab immediately. Then ha unlocked a safe and took a small packet «f newspapers from a drawer. And in less than half ait hour a cab oon tainiog Mr. HomcaaUe and the, wondering Norah drove up to the little house at High boxy, where ah* and her mother lodged. ?'Norah I' ?«*u*t' And Mr. HorncasUe's newly-engaged lady clerk was astounded to see her employer seise her mother, who started sobbing hysterically, and olavp her to bis breast. ' I cannot have you for a clerk, Norah,' raid Jack Homoaatle, after he had beard her mother's story. ** You must be my daughter instead.' 'But, Jaok!' cried Mrs. Parketer. 'I don't undnrsbind it. Your death was adver tised in the paper.' '8o was yours, my love,' he said. '1 have the old copy of the Smartatone Chroniclr in my pocket. Look!' And Mrs. Parkrter and young Norah read tha advertisement of the former s death. 'Yes, it'a in that paper,' said Mrs Parketer. 'But I dan swear it wasn't the real Smartetune O'rmicle, because father took it every week, and — and it's absurd !' *' Somoone must have falsified the papers both in Australia and in England,' said Jack. Some villain ? ' 'Hush, Jack,' she said, gently. 'It mubt hare been Frank. He's dead.' And so ft proved. Jack met a man in [«mdon some time afterwards who had bern at Wurrywayo, and wbo knew a jfkiter in ahettiewvpaper offioe, a relative of Porkerer'g. On bis deathbed this printer had confessed to Jnok'e Informant that be had altered the type, by arrangement with Parketer, after the regular oupies of the paper had been printed, and had inserted a false notice of Jack's death in it. 'It seemed to bamit him in his dying bour,' raid the man. 'He told me all about ft, and made me promise to try and nndo any mischief that might have been done. But it waa so lung ago that I thought it better not to take any uotioe.' ' But how abont the Smartatone paper f' queried Jack. ' Oh. of course, Parketer must have played die same tnok there, too ! He bribed' some body iu the office to strike off one falae print. It would be easy enough if the paper wasn't aereotyped.' 