STAHVING INDIA. (By AMired Rowland, UL.B., B.A.) fPreached in Park Chapel, Crouch End, on Sunday, June 3-iJ 'Give ye them to' eat.'— Matt. xiv. 16. This is what our Lord said to jffis fol lowers -when they were in the presence of a famished multitude. On that occasion about five thousand men were iiungry— at the present time in India millions are actually starving. Those men had gone *without food for two or three ,days; these have been suffering far nvore intensely for many months.- If, therefore, Jesus Unnst is the eaane yesterday,, to-day, and for ever, if He sees, and knows, and feels' as 'He did before His glorification,' He ie pointing us to India's starving millions, and saying, with greater emphasis .Chan He did then— 'Give ye them to eat.' Those disciples had quite as many rea sons to excuse themselves from all respon sibility as any of ue. ? I can imagine that if some modern Christians had been there they -wouW. haye argued in this fashion: — This hunger is due to the folly of the men themselves in ' coming from their . homes with insufficient provision. They ought, therefore, to go and buy for themselves.; and their long trudge to the nearest village will teach them fco he -a little more careful in the future. Besides, .is it not quite con trary to the principles of political economy to give without some return in labor; in deed, is it no1; a Divine law that if a man wijl not 3vork neither shall he eat? To feed them gratuitously will tend to pauperise them, and others hearing of it will be only too ready to imagine that if they follow Jesus' He will Eee that they are fed. Fur ther, we hold that the Government is re sponsible. - We pay our rates and* taxes, and expect thab adequate provision will be made for the destitute^-and this Go vernmept job is quite too big for private charity to meet. ': Or, look ing higher, as one ought to do, God can. provide, and if He does not there is donlbtlcss some good' reason ' for' 'all this suffering. Of course, -we hope it will epon be over, -but since -we are none too well off. ourselves, We do not feel called upon to give up for the benefit oH otohers -whom ?we do not .know what we have honestly earned by the sweat of our ft.ee.' Is not fhat a fair statement otf the sen timents of men wWo are now asked to fee£, the famishing? It was otherwise then. Even Tfa'omas Didymus does :not seem to have been sceptical of good result; and even Judas Isca-riot did not refuse to obey the command of Jesus— 'GFive ye them to eat.' Yet those people who were' to be -relieved '-were mot dying of starvation as these are doing; nor had they far to goln order 'to buy themselves victuals, though these drop dead by the roadside before ihey «a-n reach the 'poor-houses or the re lief works. Surely as Christ's followers we have our personal share of responsibility ior the lives lostTand the sufferings en dured. ... Let us ask ourselves how it was thaS for a far lesser evil ?? than 'that which con fronts us, there was ttien mote readiness on the part of ?out Lord's disciples than now— indegd,' such eagerness to help that they gave up all ihe provisions they had for '.themselves. I believe it was because they -actually saw the meed, whereas we are very slow to recognise it. The fact thait.people tare dying by tens' of thousands affects us far less 'than would the death of one little ehild left on our own door step. We Should not get over the sad iVess and Oiowoa* of that for years — ibut ?it is what is liappening'out yonder every day. THE FAMINE AN© THE WAR. Another cause of leL^ned sympathy is 1iiat the tmgedy of this famine is over shadowed by. other events. The war in South Africa absorbs interest. It fi-lTa ? the icolumne of our papers. It clamors for help, wthicih we willingly and rightly give to those wounded in fighting for ilw Queen, or to the families of those who have fallen: and since national clianity has its linwts ('irnidi are, however, far narrower tihan they oiight to be), the starviiing mdllions are overlooked wlii'le we concentrlate oiiir sj'mpa.t-hy on the suffering thousands. It is beoausfe information about tHiis 'famSne is crowded out of tae papers that sympathy amd help are far less than they have been, on previous oecasious, and it is partly to rec'tify this frhat I epeak about starvation in India. In the House of Commons lately Lord George Hamilton stated that this is She worst famine India hAs kno'wn during ffhe present century, yet, although over a mil lion of mioney was subscribed on a previous occasion, a much smaller sum has been raised this year. It is computed that nearly 60 millions of people are affected !by plague, pestilence, and famine, and the Government is providing for about . 6,000,000 of them. Within the memoi-y of living men there have been five great famines dji India. 'The first was in 1833, when 200,000 died of starvation. In 1806 1,500,000 perished, and in 1877 the statistics were eo appalling that they weru never fully published. Yet vt is said by those in authority that this famine is more awful in its effects than any before. The causes of these recurrent disasters are first the failure of the monsoon rains Irom June to September on the easfern side, and from October to November on the south-east shore. Secondly, overpopu lation, which i* a result of the improved condition of the people undov British rule, ?the abolition of tribal wa.rs, of infanticide, better sanitary laws and the like, so that there are now fifty onilbon-more people in India tfhan when William Carey preached a century ago. A thhd cause is that speculators in grain have dripped out of tine country wihat was needed in it, while others -hove held for higher prices, regard less of the old proverb, 'He .that wWh Sioldeth corn, the people shall curse him.' This last is an evil in many countries, and jtffeets not only corn but otiher necessaries fit: h'fe, and I !hope 'thai T&t; no distant day enlightened nation* Vill put dotra.'tjbese trnscfe and synditatee which by unrig-hteous. ©amibrnabion enii-Jh tibe Jtejv to the impo.ve 'rrahmen't oif -^he many. This, however, is ndt tlhc time or place for discussing ques tibnte of politScal economy, although we may jvelli- pray for wisdom on behalf of al ?thto'se who corftrol naitional affairs, that ? the day may *-m« wilien the gwrornmeflt.-of ihe people shall (be by tlhe people and for Vhe people. ? ' , ' .** THE (JQOD SAMAB'ITAN AT. WORK. It ie only anight to say tlhafrin th&mitiga-; iion of thiis ipdsery the Indi'an Government is doing notoly. If you will coanpaire the »M6iiaanniiedldn eoVerriment of tbe Mza-m T^ith the OhAfe'lSin government .o* England yaii will eee t'bat Baiitislh rule ie not .only just but beneficent. But our rulers cojn fe»s's-that tihey are unaible^tb .xiope with a ^tragedy «o vast, and declare thait for tlhe present, unl'ees thtere toe -generous help in addition 'to wh'at -fchey can render, the peo ple insist perislrin 'hainldreSs of tnjousamds. Many of the waret sufferers are within the .terrdtoriea of jia- ttve rulters, w'ho;se under: -lings too often are ?untrustworthy, eo 'tihat 5i-ftlp must go through Uhrisfcian miission ariee of various denominations, and through, these we propose to send i'U And wfltihin Britieh territory, the . difficulties whidh make adequate Govfernmeii't aasis : fiance impossa'ble are obvious to any ttaugh-llid. man. The district affected is ?as large as all France, Germany, Austria, and Italy put together, and comprises as' many differemt nationalities, speaking- as n-any different languages', and numbering nearly 100,000,000 souls, so that it is im pqesitle to establish, relief works and poor houses within reach of all. Hence the starv ing people have to walk sometimes 150 miles for food, and die on their journey in hundreds., A couple of months ago a Saiva-; tion Army Jass found 'by the roadside a father lying dtead with a little dead child beside him. The poor mother was still alive, with a, dead child in her arms. The girl, moved by a great pity, sat down be side her, laid her head on 'her shoulder, spoke a few words, of sympathy — then feel ing a sudden Weight on her 'bosom, she looked down and found that while she was speaking the poor creature 'had died. in her arms.- ? --- ?_ . . . _. And 'vrtikt of .those who do manage to reach the relief, works? A starving man receives an anna a day, that is one penny, which cannot support him and his family, while a woman who drags berself eo far' receives three pice, or in' our money three' farthings. .The. value of that you may easily compute when I' tell, you 'that th,e general wage, in ordinary times^ is 2d'. a day, and thdtf now food is. quadrupled' in price! Besides, '-wrhen people .are ill, as- most of; these are, they require food dtner .than rice Bnd corn. I .was reading last week -of a girl ten yeaff old, so. starved that she could not assimilate any 'food at all, and died of dysentery, her bones protruding through the skin in spite of six -weeks loving care from a lady missionary. All the Goyernmerit can do is to supply bare necessaries of life, and some- from loy alty to. caste will not even avail them selves of this. Besides nearly all the people now are destitute of clothing, have sold all their furniture, rand even stripped off and sold the wooden roofs of their homes in order to maintain life a little longer— while helpless children— left fatherless and motherless-^can only/be saved alive in famine 'by 'English genesosity put forth through our noble '-missionaries. IMPERIAL BENSFIOENCE. Does not God, who loves all men, and. yearns over h'ttle children, sav to us ali— 'Give ye them to eat?'. We .boast, of tfiir imperial power. It is less to be boasted of than to be' treirfbled over.' Weletacgsr under 'the 'v^liite man's burden/' of which this is a part— ; ' -: : .--.'? To fill 'the moiith- -of Jamine, .?'??* And bid the plague -to cease. And only .a-s -God . endues ife- witB 'sym pathy, courage, and 'self -denial, shall we escape the'-retsibutiqn' which. -will fall on those who have shut 7their -ears and iteeled tfiteir hearts against ther ghastly 'tragedy which is just now. crushing India. It is not -beyond' our power. We are spending afoout 100 millions of money over this unhappy war in South Africa, and /whatever its results we all-wisli :it: could have been expended;, in saving life rather than ..-in destroying it. But t&e; whole population .of Soutih Africa does not iiumlber so many as- aire now bejig fed day by day by -5ur Government in* India to keep them from starvation. . ' And while it was natural .that ojir hearts, should bleed over the.eiifferings of the be Bieged ?people in KimWley-, t ' Ladysmith, amd Mafeking, they were only thousands''^ against million^ who hayeiinpre reason to eay with Dryden : — '??'?- ?? - 1 ?-'? .r ? famine, so fierce that what's ifenied men'p use, E'en deadly plants, and herbs, of 'poisonous juice, Will hanger eat; and torproloheVour-^reatli, We gre£di)yvdevour our Certain death- - Tlie soldier in th' assault. of faniine falls, And ghosts not men af e. watchers. on ;thewal)8. Well, thank God! oiir own 'emmtrytaea have been relieved, .in ...-'all tho'sje belea guered lawns; Jhey -h^Ve 'alii ??their wants Eupphed: and are recovering, rapidly , from' the effects of their privation; ;and now -if only in gratitude .for' their '^relief, -with the sympathy of those) wH4 h$.kre ihad ithe pangis of 'liunger 'broligibt.'neaVer to Oiefaii we mus-t care . for our tetailving fellow- : subjects in . India.- 'For ?„ many of them'-' are subjects of .the Bame -^ueen . '? ': God has made -them, and 'us of -vPne blood,-: They were;-r.edee-med of the skme.Savioflr.' In His name, and'; for His ^sake,' we .pjust'i send relief -unito '.JHeie ' our Ifrethren,, vhd show them that ' our J^jrisftian faith teaches; us not -enjy-to -loye'-tKe 'Liprd .with all our ::heart,- biit also ^Ipv^'-.our neig-lt ? bors as soureelves.' *; ?'?? -::-;.;'=' ??;? ??'-'?' '' .' r,: THi3-$TAaYATION DH^Tfl: ^LL. '. '\ I am.*Q!r^uaaid.t£at 'ifjwe,'-cduld»sp-nd; one week. amon.g st^yse'~:.»iirfijib;'folk'('w«£ ?should ? jgiveigor -\t!h;elir 'relief^ to 'the !utnipst: of ojlr poTC^v^e/ -missionary,, .Sev. -'Sin-, clair j§CevenB6ii,''lias '? taken inp. tfewer .it )i^n:' seven.ty»-:tiny ;%lhildren -and?'iiii''J6s iindei:! »ie^ sole charger- for'Jliejr pare-i|6. i^eje dead, and he'cpuld not'M^?t(liem.die}tob.1 \VltKin half a inile of -his 'honse he(f ojund ' tJinee ebnp'ses'one inprning, wihile.J)r» McKa'ig, at Soutfli Rampiir, Gujera't^ 'fpund-'sixte'en' corpses within two. 'hundred jyarde. oif liis. house, and on the followang..mprriing count ed ten imore within the sained distanced if. twopence a week would 'have iept each one of those alive, ougtht ''we-.n'QJt to save others by con'tributing so smajl a sum,' and ougift not many of you give enough to rescue multitudes? M'ean-irhile the mortality is' terrible. It is said by a resident in the Bhil coun'trv that this is practically the last that will be eeen of that interesting race. . He has entered. *heir huts Only to see a row of Uving skeletons waiting for death, and adds:. — 'Tdie'y just look up when I go m, and 'say 'Salaam; Father,' ' and relapse into eilence. All their cattle Jare dead and eaten. Water is.dried up in nearly all the wells, while every tree capable of being used for food has been stripped of bark, and nothing now stands between them and deatti. Well, I suppose figures fail altogether towuse tW. jtmagimaition, -or to touch $he hear*. I 'cfose, tfefereKHtej with a'.'fe«t or two— 'terriWy «ad though & is *o tell or to ibear tihetm. ? ?.-???? It wks &£ a nmssipn adHool where smaTl quanidtieb oi food were being given awfiy ''each day., A littk fellow, xinly eigiht -ye4ra old; caime in -tip. ask for b hakidful of grain. He had wyted alonej 18 milee in thehbjje of it, and wiben a little wife-given him fife eyes filled with tears, and; throwing himteelf at-tihe giver's feet he quie'tly kissed them. \- Tilie parents of India are a« affectionate to their, chsldrea as you' are. Yet ;t3iey are ipartang- with them in th'iB femdneteihe in the spirit of Hkgar whien she cried, 'O Gods ldt me not eee the death of ..the chWd.'. Tii&y; make over their, children -to anyone who will promise to feed them ; Wiouglh ttoo often this one-has proved .ail emiissary o'f the devil, intending . to lead them to a li'fe'of dhame worse tMri deadh. ?' ?'-????? .-? ''. In IRajjm'fena a fatier-.and mother found them'eelvea uf terfy unable .to ob'tada food for their Kttte. daughter,.. ;,Tiiey, therefore, sold her ft-r Wo rupees ito someone wiho pncJmiBed to 'maih'taiii .iier. Tiiw laid pu.t the.jnjoney on some joWairi and dual, wjaieh '.-'- they cooked far their evening repa;st. Then they sat down fcbgetaier to *!he first Juli meal dhey 'had' eeen for jrfany a long day. But as they looked at the food inWL. silence and bemought ,them of liie Briee they- had paid1 for it, their own dear wild, they glanced, at each other and both burst into tears. Uhen, ieaving the food .'un touched, they went out and drowned tihein selves in the aiea'rest. well. ' ?'. . Is it aay wohdies -that missionaries, though poor 'themselves, are- Selling grain, at a loss? Is it any wonder' tnat. -they are'erwding their rooms and outiuoiiseB witih- sufferers, j one oi yiean taking \\.ljin. no' less than 88 starving widows and children? ;. ?? '?'-. ,-:' . ' -,- And will you nofc help the.m in -fhis . work -of ioercy? 'It ie possible for you to save the lives -of a few at: least who, -'but for- your -help', ? must- -perish. - Most a% .thean affe your fellow-Bubjec'te; some ; of of them are your feDow- Oiri'stians; foi ':«31 of tlhem ffesus died; overj;bem all-He yearns in loving compassion and He says to you, who, like' the first disciples, -bays not much to spare, 'Give ye _.theni'; to eat.''-. Brethren^ rthe dSy- is coming T^lteo. to all who serve i3ieir fellows for Bjb dear sake, He will cay, 'Come, ye blessed of My Father, inherit the kingdom pre pared for you . from the foundation1 of the world; for I was 'a^rungered .and) ye gaveniemeat,'M wag. thirsty and' ye gave me drink. . . ?? -For inasniucfl as ye~ did it to one of tthe. least .of Chese^ my brethren, ye did' it Junto me'.1' 1 ?''.'.'?''' \- May that^be-said^tS you and me! Ainen. 