CHAPTER VI.—MR. EARLE CONSENTS. After giving Karl, t/he courier, his orders about the journey and dispatching his tele grZttr?. Karle lighted a. oigar and went out on the terrace, where he waa presently joined by OannPta. "Y011 found the stick useful, st seems," said he, as they shook brands. ''Very; -without it I should have come off second best," replied Earle. "But the rascals -would liave been disappointed. I had very little money about me." "I don't think they would. Unless I am greatly mistaken it was your life, not your money, they wanted." "The deuce they did! What makes you think so?" "The man whose head yon broke has been identified as Uosta." "Miss Lenoir's friend?" "Yes: the man who went withr her to Fernev." ".And you think mademoiselle put him up to cut my -throat?" "That is my opinion. At the same thne theTe vs another theory. The Austrian po lice, who are wild about the escape of Paolf, may have Ruborned these man either to murder or kidnap him, and it is conceivable that in the darkness the assassins mistook yon for Paoli." "That is the more likely story. How eo«ld Miss Lenoir induce those feTkywa to risk their Uvea by killing me? Besides, I have done her no harm." "She thinks differently, and a revenge led, un'gcrupukras woman Is capable of any thing, and there are jusrt now men in this town who for a hundred francs, or even less, would murder their awn fathers. Moreover, mademoiselle has probably some bold over Costa. He may be her lover, for instance. But we ehall know nothing posi tive rmtil he can be interrogated; and a% he jr ^alf delirious the Mirveon gays absolute quietude is essential to his recovery." 'There J* 110 seed lor me to go to Ui« Hotel de YIHe then?". ' N{kttakilf tbew is. 23he Public Pfwcu tor, *lio »a* the cue in bond. vramta your depoeition." ' Then tbe dooncrlgirelt tbo Jbeftter, for ton Whit 2 <rtaft lot Parts, en route for Lon don/' "Are you oeriotns? Yoo surely -won't leave Geneva, until Goeta ben been exa mined." "J was never more serious In my life. I liave received a summons by telegraph and must go home light away." "Bur considering bow very necessary it is to convict this man. and, if possible, wring the truth out of him,'could you not > prolong your stay for a little while? Two j or three days .might ba enough." « "Not even for one d!ay, my dear. Canneta. Rivemlale is going to be contested, and I would rather Costa should get off than that Wormby should get in." "Jt is not a personal matter then. I feared some grave misfortune had happen ed, or was impending, and, if you will par don me for saying so, I really don't see——" "If it were a personal matter I would comply with your request, M. Canneta," in terrupted Earle. ."I em just ae desirous as you can be to clear up this mystery and give CoBta. his deceits; and-you will do tfnat without my presence of- active hd)p. Arty how, I regard my immediate return to Riversdale us an imperative duty. Besides, if owing to my absence Woimby were to get in*> I should never forgive myself, and the party would never forgive ma, even "ifiiionglh by tarrying I could be instrumental in making Oosta confess everything. And now, with your lea ve, I will go to- the Hotel de Ville and make a statement under oath of all that happened. I could not do more if I Were to tfttay a year." So to the Hotcfl de Ville they went, and Earle made his deposition. He also answer ed divers questions put by hie public pro secutor, and identified Oosta as the man whose attack he had anticipated by break ing his htJad. Of tJhe man with the digger he could give onlv a vague description; of the one who had followed him, none at all. Later in the day the Earles went to Ma. Retraite to my good-by tb their child. The leave-taking would probably have been more trying if it had been less sudden. Moreover, Richard had warned his wife that the woiwt service she could render the dbild was to let -her feelings get the better of her, and though Miriam was already finding that there is no plice like home, she bhowed a resolute spirit and smiled bravely tbrougih, her tears. Earle did not obtain the coupe which he hod ordered Karl to bespeak. It. had been bespoken already, and at that tune there were neitliier sleeping apartments nor Pull man cars. But Karl made an arrangement Which, in the absence of anything bitter, did veiy well. Falling in with the courier of another coupe, bent on a similar errand, it was ptop.ised, f-ubieot to, the Approval ol their respective employers, to engage an or dinary compartment for their exclusive use. Ricnard agreed. "It wall be almost the same thing as hav ing a coupe; better, indeed, if these pre pleasant people. Who are they?" "J don t. know, si;', except that t they are English, and as they travel first class, with a oourier and a maid, they must be re «j>«tuble." "I am not so sure about that, Karl," enid Richard, smiling. "I know respectable people who. travel second and turd, and wine of the other sort who always go first. However, I dare-ay you a;e right this time. ^Ait any rate, we will take the risk, so see your friend and arrange the matter at once." Which was done; and when the Earles arrived at the station tbev were shown the compartment which had been engaged for them, and were presently joined by the lady and gentleman Who were try b? their travelling companions to Paris. Mrs. Earle, who set more store by rank and respecta bility than her hukband, Was pleased to ob serve that, eo far as appearances went., they justified Karl's estimate of their quality; that i« to say, they looked highly iesp>et aiblc. The lady was a little above middle height, and perbajw six or eight yean* 7>ast thirty—her face, especially when she smiled, w]as very pleasant, her manner courteous and refined, and Mrs. Earle judged, from .toe brilliancy of her d'i tmond rings, the jbeauty -of her fur rug, and other indications, that she was very well off. The gentleman, presumably her husband, was at least ten years her senior, tall, with a heavy brown moustache and a military bearing, and, though obviously a gentle man, less affable and more reserved than his wife. Indeed, Mrs. Earle fancied that she was just a. little in awe of him. Neverthe less, they got on very well. After a while the gentleman, whom his courier, speaking in French, addressed him as M. le (blond, unbent somewhat, and his remarks showed that, lie was a well-informed man of the world, who took a keen interest in public affairs. But a rocking railway carriage is not propitious for conversation, and as the night wore on first one then another sank into the fitful sleep of travel, Which lasted, with interruptions, till daybreak, when they woke up weary and unrtfreshed, all eave M. le Colonel, who slept on until the towers of Paris were in sight. The two parties separated at the Lyons Station without having learnt each other's names, whence they eame, or whither they wre bound, little thinking how closely t.hcir destinies were intertwined, or under what strange circumstances they would meet again. The Earles caught their train, and arriv ed in London late in the evening, where they slept, Alr.s. Earle being too tired to go on by the night express, with the result, that they failed to reach Riversdale in time for Mr. Oharnock's funeral, to Richard's regret, the late member having been a man whom be greatly respected. Christmas Knight, to -whom he had tele graphed by what train he was coming, and two or three political friends met him at the station. The firebeater's adopted son had deve loped into a fine young fellow, broad shoul dered, clean limbed, and 6 ft. in his Stock ings. Dame Nature had further bestowed on him a. prepossessing face, bright blue eyes, curly brown hair, and a frank engag ing manner. He had also justified his bene factor's kindness by "shaping w/11," occu pied an important position in his business, and was fairly on bis way to fortune. "Glad to see yon back, and grateful that you have acceded bo promptly to our re his quest," said one of 'his political friends, after handshakings. "Yon are murh want ed. The committee are at the Old Bull, and if you are not too tired would like to ece you. We should not trouble yon if the matter were leas urgent. But nothing has been done, and unless we bestir ourselves Wormby will have a walk over." "Nhv, by Jingo! Wormby shall not have a walk-over!" exclaimed Baric, emphati cally. "Of course, I shall go to the com mittee meeting, and would if I were ten timea'M tired. "Shall I go with you, sir?" asked Christ mas Knight. "Certainly. You will be wanted." Ten ministes afterwards they were at thn Old Butt, a brick-built, dingy, slab- rided house of many window*, where, in afc upper r&oni;^ iihey found the cocmnittee. ifWie'6 appearance was greeted with cheers, and welcomed with kind word* and tiearty (handshakings. "Hhia is ell terry pheasant, end I thank you heartily; bt*t -it is not business/' ha and, taking the chair. "Now, what is the state of affairs?" "This/' answered Billy Femibertiop, a little, wiry, dark-eyed, dark- complexiojEied man, full of fire and energy, producing and unloading a large poster, lt'a Worinby'a address, and it ll be out to-morrow morn ing. There was an understanding as nowt Should be done till after Mf. Charnook'a funeral, but th' Yellows has been hard at ■work all tfa' time, and we have not geten a candidate. That is the state of affaire, and a hanged bad state, too, I call it." "Have you sounded anybody? How about Biekerton?" asked Earle. "He's a good man, and popular." "That's (true, buit his wife lies a-dying, and he'll neither stand nor take an »etive part." "Railton?" "(Jh, he'd stand fast enough; but ho isn't, liked; couldn't mak' a speech "to save his life, and would not have the ghost of a chance. If we don't get ft popular man, Wormby will win, hands down. Other names were suggested, none of which, however, found favour with the committee. Somebody suggested a neighbouring squire, who had every qualifi cation requisite for a candidate save one. He whs not a townsman, and Riversdalera would have no outsider, not if he were a "hangel fro' heaven," Bftid Billy Tember ton. Then up rose a atout florid gentleman with long hair and a fluent tongue, known aa 'Toroey Eackstraw, and locally famous 08 an orator and on advocate, Who, after a preliminary flourish, observed that there was only one man in Biveradale who could make head against the Wormby faction. That man. he need hardly say, was their respected Chairman,. Mr. Richard Earle. On this there was vociferous applause, and it was evident that if the proposal were put to the vote, it would be carried nom-con. "What does Mr. Earle sa.v? Will he stand?" cried half-a-dozen voices. "If he will, I'll bet my he yd agen a ha' porth o' toffy as he gets in," quoth the irresponsible I'einbertcn, "and he must; nowt else for at. I propose as Me.ster Biciliard Earle be asked to contest this hern borough. Them as is in favour on t, bewd up your reyt inintrW Every hand except Earle's went up. "Canted hurianimouslv! Now, what ctiy you, Mr. Earle? Everything depends on your answer—if it's 'no,' we hose; if it's 'aye,' we win." "I say that this is a most irregular pro ceeding. Are you tihe Chairman of this com mittee", or cm I ?" demanded Biohard, with a sternness which his smile belied. "You are, of com sc. But, as I knew you would not push stuti a notion, J took the liberty of doing it for you. We are in a critical position, and i: we don't decide on surnniat afore we adjourn, it'll be all up a tree.' "Take a few minutes for reflection, Mr. Earle," urged 'Tomey Ruck-if raw. "But fie under no illusion; if you don't, come for ward, Wormby'is return is a foregone con clusion. I know you would rat'her not; but there are occasions when it behoves a man to sacrifice his personal inclination on tihe altar of public duty. This is one of them, and, in my opinion, it is your duty to Step into the breath and save the town." Jt was not the first time F.arle had been asked to contest the borough; yet., though he would have appreciated trie honour of being one of its memb*rs, he prized his in dependence too much to yield to the temp tation. An M.I', is always more or less in thraklbrn. He has to friend the greater part of tine year in London, at the beck and call of the Whips of his party, and must, if he would retain his popularity and his se.it, lis continually in touch with his coir-1 huerits, consult their wishes, and de fer to their caprices. ' This was not iri Bit hard's line. He pre ferred his fi cerium; and the social distinc tion and local cons ''deration which a, seat in Parliament w'.uihl biing had few charms for 'him. Moreover, though i strong party man lova'ly, and a har d lighter at elections, he was not a keen politician. So long as the country pro jiercti, he did not greatly care who was in jaower; but, locally he was the. mainstay of the party, and it would never do to leave his friends in the lurch. _ Had an eligible candidate been in the field or readily obtainable, or time les-q yiresfiing, Earle-would have refused the com mittee's invitation point- blank. But, none of the-c conditions existed; the parties were so evenly matched that a day's start midht make all the difference. The'Wormby fac tion bad already begun canvassing, and it was known that Wormby meant to address a meeting of the electors on the following night. This decided Earle. He could not bear the icier of a causd with which he had iden tified himself Vicing worsted. "Tory well, let it be law you wish," he said, regretfully. "I vould much rather net; hut, as Mr. Ba«k straw observed just now, there are occasions When wo have fo Vie guided rather by a sense of public duty than personal inclination; and, no far as I am concerned, this eeems ho Vie one of them. Before we go further, however, there, is just one point I should like to mention. Several influential members of the party ,are not (present, the party .at large baa not been consulted, and I don't wUrrt to be the candidate of a section " "And you won't be," interrupted Pem berton. "Every man-jnek of us will both fight for you and vote for you. Everybody has been saying sin' Mr. Gharnock died-^ * J f Air. Earle would only stand!' Isn't it so, lads? Hang it all, I mean gentle men." To this question there came a general re sponse of Aye, is it!" "Aa for th' influential men as hasn't turned up, it's their own fault. Tliey were towd as you were coming, and asked to be here. Besides, we have no time for dilly dallying. It's either now or never. We shall have th' writ next week, and th' election th' week after." "Pembenton is quite right," put in Tor nev Rackstraw. "The party as a body will hail your candidature with enthusiasm, and the sooner your address is out the bet ter." "It shall be out to-morrow morning. I will write it at once," wid Earle, who. now that the die was cast, threw himself Inhd the contest with characteristic energy* "Christmas go to Walker, ana say we have a job for him, and that if his men are gone i home he mupt have them baclj. He tna^ ! promise them treble pay and a good sap* per. The copy will be ready in an hour, And I shall want to see a proof as soc®, ad possible. Who is oue billsticker ?" "Tommy Sams." "Will you see him, PcmbertoTi i' "Aye, will I." "Tell him to prepare his paste-pot* and engage strength enough to bill the town with a thousand posters, which he will get st Walker's at 8 o'clock tomorrow morn fee ttiwoL J1} knock kb p&Ac; pote hi# hwd/5 ; : f . . • u i^ji K>4ht itad PeaabeHoQ tret* Jpa» Judi«ril reared to another room, «ad. penaed his lA&rem; fo#to 'Tree-u>a iade pc»<feat-<l«4ors «fihe Bcneugfio* Riyerw dale/'. The ta«k presented no grad-diffi euRy, y All -he bad to «ay was, id effect, «ul be liad been atikcd by an influential b®dy vl bis fdkny-towiiitmen. to offer him »elf *« a candidate for their suffrages- and as sis political opinions werealmort iaenti jT> t^,Me °* their late highly rejected and deeply lamented member, be need not net them forth at length. If he had the food fortune to be returned to Parliament e should vote for every measure of reform which seemed likely to make for the bene fit of the country, especially of those who earned their bread by the sweat of their brow, by whomsoever it might be propos *d'" "To the Government then in pow^r he would give a cordial yet discriminating support, for though he approved of their *<MlAOol *Vi1: A*, lL ^ 1J 1 ' .* general policy- he Would never be the either of. lackey either of, a party or an Administra tion, / like that; there is a true ring about • ' / qopth Kackstraw, when the candidate had read the draft to the committee. "No thing goes down bo well at Rivera d ale as an independent hearing. And quite right, too. Everybody knows that I am a Conservative; but I wouldn't support even Mr. Earie if I thought he would vote with out exercising his intelligence." After a few verbal alterations had been made in the draft,.Christmas Knight wrote out a fair copy and took it to the. printer's, with instructions to e;e it set up and bring back a proof. "So far, bo good," said RackstraW, taking a pinch of snuff, and passing the box to Earle. "We have made h beginning; but an address is little more than a declaration of war. We m-uet net canvassers to work and have public meehingis—lots of 'em. Which brings toe to tine point. When and wthere (are we going to have our first meet ing?" "When and whore is Wormby going -to have big ?'' "To-morrow night in the Assembly room." "Then we will have ours at 5 o'lock on the Fair-ground. To-morrow is Saturday, end all the hands will be out before 2." And oo it was. When Ohiistmus Knight returned to the printer's with a corrected proof of r.he "Declaration of War," ihe took with him the cow for another porter, an nouncing that Mr. Earle wowld address a meeting of electors on the Fair-ground at 5 o'clock. _ "Now, what are our chaiict*s?" asked Earle, when the business "had been carried as far as that hour it coukl be carried. "We mean to win, c,f course, but it would be well "to have a judicial estimate of our strength and the strength of our opponents. What say you, Rackstraw? You are to be my agent, of course, and I should like to have your ovinion." "Well, I have just been totting up the h<«-=o-power, and, taking credit only for people a'bont whom we are sure, J find we are nearly three hundred <i(n the right side," answered the lawyer. "Here is the calcu lation." "It seeme to be correct," eia'd Earle, af ter easting hrs eye over tile paper whici.r Rackstraw bad given him. "But three hun dred horsepower is not much of a. margin. And bow about the potwallopers?'" "That is an unknown quantity I admit. A few of the pot wallopers are strong Blues, a few strong Yellows, but most of 'em will not make up their minds till the poll ing-day, and then volte " Here Racksiraw paused and took another pinch of snuff. "For the highest bidder, you mean. I have not a doubt of it. I know the.sa gentry of old. But we must have no bri bery, Racketraw, ycu clearly understand that? Nr> bribery. 1 "Of course we must have no bribery. Whatever made .you think I was hinting at BUc'.h a thing? AH the ■same, Wormby has been systemstic-ally nursing the constitu ency for the last three years. People who want money from him have only t« form an "Association—it matters not for what pur pose. - The last novelty of the >ort is a Pigeon Flying Assceiatiom. Wormby gave, 'em fifty pounds, and if that is not rank bribery morally, if "hot legally, I should like to know what is. However, the potw.ib Jopers are not nearly so strong as they were; a lot of them have died off since last election—I wk-.-h they were all dead— and you ha.ve many advantages." "Oh yes, I understand all that," inter rupted Earle, impatiently. "But give me, in a .Word, your candid opinion as to my chances." "They are distinctly in your favour, and if everybody were free to vote without fear or favour you would have a thumping majo rity. J think you will get in, though, per haps, by a narrow majority." "A narrow majority? Any majority will serve, though I would mudh rather have a large one. . . . How i's it you have put Maittend down as a Liberal ?" "Because be is not a man on whom we can depend, and lately Tvae been very thick with Wormby. His is one of the largest concerns in the town—I have reckoned it at five h un'hrcd horsepower—and if he can be kept to his allegiance it will make a consi derable difference. The two great factors in Rrveradale elec tions were irullo-wners and potwallopers. Three-fourths of the electors were ten pound householders, and as mill-owners had many of them in their employ and dealt largely with, local tradesmen, all of whom were voters, ffiey had great influence. Hence the party possessing the greater en gme' power, other things being equal, was politically predominant. The potwalkvpera were a survival. Before the Reform Act of 1832 the franchise at Riversdale wias the right of every man- who could boil a pot; in effect, every house holder. This franchise the Act abolished, but the names of those wh» possessed it were kept on the register, and having been brought up in the belief that the best use a free man could make of a vote was to sell it, the only argument to which the most of them could 'be persuaded to listen, were the clink of gold or the rustle of banknotes By this time the night was far spent. - The conBtoftteemeiii were all agape, and a 1 eervant had just announced Shah Mr, Earle's cab Was at the door, when Pemiber ton bounced into the room, his face bias ing with excitement and probably some- > th-vng else. ! "It's aw reyt," he exclaimed, 'Tye done ' It. I found Tommy (Salms fiddling at tV 1 Eegs o' Man, and forrad t drink. Bui I sober him V five tofnntet by taming th? j kitchen <tnv0 our ii« faeyxL Then we went off after hetp, asd TiakeJ twenty men, and * pBstespots as goofl it's K#*t, They are at W Oat and Fiddle f.mxtAocfr to tW wfoittng office, wall I ptf&g;? .1 Kop* youT sfppfoye, Ir-Earie, XtTI toaie Wonaiby «R up.' * ----- Jfot taj^ra txt plenty of ye got elaewlhere," saad Earle, \- '*Htat's true, bot they'll cryct him double f brass and tea to one lose him votes, for tfc' driver*, bring trtwagew, will not know their wiy attooot *wr wW# wfao/' "Birfbt y«a ere, Pemberixm, pnel I am gkd you acted t» promptly," put in B»ck< afcraw. "It it hlwayo -well to tike the wind oat of your opponent'* «flu/w&en; job can; and, as yon t&y;, tfoii move may lose Worm by votes, and ih a close contest the lorn of one vote ion ay be fatal." 