SKETCHES IN CHINA. By DAVID G. FALK. IN THE POKFULLAM-ROAD The Pokfullam-road is in Shanghai, in the European concession. It is a cross thoroughfare leading from the pretty Bund into the Chinese quarter, and being a very busy street, and a sort of highway for the innumerable Chinamen whose avoca- tions lead them to the settlement, it is a good place for observation, and a saun- ter up and down and in the neighbouring streets is never devoid of interest. You get glimpses of Celestial life in a Western set- ting, and are spared the disagreeable ac- companiments of the native city. Modi- fied China, so to speak, is much more agree- able in every way than China au naturel, for —taking a place like the Pokfullam-road, for instance—it offers the further attraction of contrast. The Chinese are very much in evidence in it, both in shops, houses, and in the street itself. It is thronged from end to end all day long, for your Chinaman does not content himself with the side-path only. He streams along the roadway also, and the peril he runs of being run over does not seem to deter him. As a matter of fact, the Chinese of the treaty ports fully appreciate the comfort and safety—and also the equity—of foreign rule, and are quite alive to the various ad- vantages to be got out of the foreign devil. So they throng into the settlements, bar- ter, sell, and cater for the Westerners to the last farthing. The average Chinaman is always ready to do business with a brother Chinaman; but he will desert him in a moment to do trade with a foreign devil, who naturally— to the Celestial mind—is rolling in wealth. So they crowd into the concession in le- gions, and such streets as the Pokfullam- road see them in their might, from portly merchant to coolie, all catering for the wants, or mixed up in the interests of the secretly-despised foreigner. They provide a source of unending in- terest to the stranger. The fat merchants and compradores fill one with wonder; they look from behind, in their voluminous silk garments and pigtails, so much like nice old ladies masquerading as young girls. And like the Melbourne ladies, they do not wear pockets—not perhaps from the same motive that actuates the ladies in the eel- skin dresses—to preserve the graceful lines of the figure, and prevent bulging, but simply because their forefathers did not, and they are not at all inclined to pander to new-fangled and revolutionary ideas. So instead they carry suspended from the belt a snuff box and purse, perhaps also a watch; always a fan-case, highly embroid- ered, and then generally a few other trifles —a case containing chop-sticks, another with keys, another with their huge spec- tacles, and any other little article the fancy and taste of the wearer of the belt may in- cline him to. A middle-class Chinese pater- familias in full rig-out is more heavily caparisoned than the British Lancers our friends the Boers have been making such nasty remarks about. It is amusing to see two friends of this class meet in the street. For convenience' sake the pigtail is generally tucked away under the skull-cap; but it is considered the height of impoliteness to carry on a conversation with it in that position. So when two friends approach one another you see them kow-tow profoundly, and then the hands of both go up to their pigtails, give them a twist, and down they come. When they take leave more kow-towing, then the hands go up again, another twist, and, hey presto, in a second the pigtail is back in its place, coiled up as securely as though fastened with half-a- dozen hairpins. The ricksha coolies are very much in evi- dence in the Pokfullam-road. A long line of them stretches down the street in an extended sandwich of men and vehicles; a dilapidated, half-clad army of scara- mouches. But they can do a wonderful day's work, and on less than the proverbial smell of an oil-rag. Take note of this dirty rapscallion near by, with the pair of knotted brown legs innocent of covering, and clad as to the rest of him in a mysterious garment like a superannuated horse-rug. He looks an idle vagabond, and loafs lazily on the shaft of his ricksha, with a look of vacant indiffer- ence on his face. Then he gets up, and leans against the wall, so as to yawn more at his ease. Then he scratches his head, yawns again, expectorates, and, to vary the proceedings, starts scratching one leg with the toe of the other foot. After a moment he sits down on the curb, throws a stone feebly at a passing dog, yawns again, and sets up a low whistle. But just then a foreign devil passes, and beckons. Quicker than the greasiest of any greased lightning that ever flashed the ricksha man is be- tween the shafts of his vehicle, and with one gigantic bound has thrown himself across the street, and secured the prize. You are incessantly bothered by ricksha men wherever you go. "Wantchee ricksha?" is dinned incessantly in your ears. At first you are full of compassion for these poor human horses, and give them your stray coppers; but after being abjectly entreated by about two hundred and fifty of them in the day's march you find it as exasperat- ing as monotonous, and forswear them for ever. These fellows have some first cousins in the shape of wheelbarrow men, of whom you see plenty in the Pokfullam-road. A raised centre serves as a back to the vehicle, and the occupants sit, as in an Irish jaunting-car, back to back. What pleasure or profit there can be in being wheeled in such a jolting, screeching, snail-paced con- trivance the ordinary mind cannot con- ceive, but the poorer classes seem to patronise them greatly, and there is no ac- counting for taste. The women especially seem to like them, and ride along chatter- ing volubly, though the terrible vehicle is almost jolting their back teeth out all the time. Perhaps they do it on the same prin- ciple that middle-aged gentlemen take to riding—as being good for the liver. One sees often a load of three or four people on one, and a poor, perspiring wretch wheeling it, with a strap from the handles going round his shoulders to help divide the weight. Further afield, on the northern plains, they make use of a sail, and it is an astonishing and novel sight to see one or more of these barrows come lumbering up an open country road under full sail, squeaking discordantly, but making excel- lent time. But the babies in the Pokfullam-road are the most wonderful feature of it. Oh! those babies. Their number is something appalling. Nearly every woman has one tied to her back, and the little girls and boys playing in the street carry rthe same appendage in the shape of an infant brother or sister. The nonchalance and ease with which these youthful nurses bear their burdens is remarkable. They play the ordinary games of childhood with as much zest is though they had not such a thing as a 40lb. baby saddled on them; and if in the ardour of playing their charge gets disarranged they just give themselves a shake, and back it goes to its right position. You gasp with dismay at seeing innumer- able babies in dire peril of their lives—little heads hinging down, fat little bodies twisted awry, arms and legs sticking out at awful angles; but it is all right; there is never any harm done. In the very nick of time the player stlops for a moment, and with one miraculous wriggle shakes the baby back to security. And the remark- able thing about it is the baby never cries, but comes up smiling every time, as though the most natural thing in the world to be in peril of its life twenty times a day. Perhaps it is its attire that gives it such magnificent courage and self- possession, for it is generally resplendent in all the colours of the rainbow. A Chinese baby is a funny little chap—a man or woman in miniature, for his clothes are tiny imita- tions of his elders, cut in just the same fashion. He is generally fat and lethargic looking, and as soon as he is old enough to grasp anything is given a fan. He looks like his pa, seen through the wrong end of a telescope. In the winter he presents an astonishing spectacle, and you hardly recognise him for what he is, for fires being practically an unknown quantity, he is so padded out and bolstered up against the cold by his doting ma, that he is as broad as he is long. His legs—what you can see of them —are swollen out to treble their ordinary dimensions; his little arms are hidden in his padded jacket; and all you can see is a small, pasty looking face with no eye- brows to speak of, surmounting a bulky roll of shapeless clothing. Sometimes in the cold weather in the northern cities you see a nurse go by carry- ing a baby like a roll of goods in a silk wrapper, and under her cloak your eye is caught by an immense protuberance; you wonder what it is, and conclude it must be some terrible malformation; but later on, when you see it again, you make inquiries, and find it is only a charcoal stone the woman is carrying under her cloak, for the purpose of keeping little Chin's tootsies warm. The Pokfullam-road is a great place for coolies, carrying burdens on the ubiquitous bamboo. It is astonishing what a weight they can carry. All kinds of articles— building stone, bricks, tea, rice, boxes of all kinds, packing cases—all is fish that comes to their net. The bearers trot along with a peculiar shuffle, constantly crying out notes of warning, apparently unconscious that they are performing feats a very Hercules might hesitate to attempt. Now a string of 10 or 12 goes by carrying bags of rice, each one with the load of a pack horse; now half-a-dozen har- nessed to a huge block of granite, struggle by, toiling and straining like so many work- ing bullocks. Then a heap of light cargo comes bobbing along—paper lanterns, or something of the kind—with an invisible man attached, as evidenced by a voice sounding hollowly from the midst of the load. Then a grimy coolie, laden with bars of iron or steel for the blacksmith, staggers by, clanking dismally, like Marley's ghost. He knocks against the ricksha, whose owner is temporarily engaged in witnessing a dog fight, and is made the subject of strong vituperation. All these fellows yell "Hi! Hi!" at every step to warn the pas- sers-by, and the habit seems to take such hold of some of them that even when rest- ing they indulge in the same monotonous chant. The first time I came across one of them sitting on a doorstep, and calling out dismally, I thought there must be some- thing the matter with him, and stopped to inquire. But he evidently scented felo- nious designs, for he hastily picked up his bamboo and made off. The bamboo is the one cherished posse- sion of the Chinese coolie—he is never without it. It is not only that the young shoots of the tree are eaten, that it is used in building, roofing, making furn- ture and articles of daily use and necessity, but it would seem as though life were a deary blank to the average coolie without one. They all carry them, ready for any emergency; and if, by some extraordinary chance, he has not one with him give a coolie ten seconds and he will procure an assortment from some unknown and mys- terious source. But above and beyond all, the Pokfullam- road teaches its lesson, in common with most streets of the concessions, where the enterprising Chow lays himself out to cater for the Foreign Devil. You may have passed through the curriculum of the Scotch or Wesley college, but a visit to such streets as the Pokfullam- road brings home to you the fact that in the choicer idiom of your mother tongue you have yet much to learn. Such a sign as "Dealer in tailor and draper, silken handkerchief outfiter," musdt strike you as a choice departure from ordinary phraseology; whilst Mr. Sun On Long's notice of "Tooth Dentist" cannot fail to please, as being more than usually exact. You may not, by reason of your defective knowledge of English as she is spoke, be altogether clear about the shop that advertises "Al ways has any France pastrys, al kinds foreigner cakes," though a little reflection will tell you that even in Melbourne the deadly jam tart not in- frequently masquerades as "French pastry." "Carpenter and camphinet" may puzzle you likewise as to the last word, until the pleasant smell of the camphor wood being worked up provides you with a solution. You need not be surprised at the sign "Ladies' Dlessmaker," nor at "Fat Woo has best alle kind swetmet," for they are easy of interpretation; but at the notice- board, "Di-Ner," your limited acquaintance with your mother tongue may cause you to grope in the dark. At first you may think it a secret sign of the Triads or the mysterious password of the Boxers, but when you connect it with the dingy eat- ing house below you are forced to the con- clusion it is nothing but a delightfully new and original rendering of the comforting word—dinner. If you have an eye for the humorous you will notice many such signs and notices, but none surpassing in touching simplicity that of the gentleman whose signboard bears the plaintive words, "Ah Chan—Uppstair?"—with a big note of in- terrogation, as though the unfortunate Ah Chan was suffering from that form of aber- ration known in push circles as "he dunno wer he are." But if you are in a rollicking vein, and have a faculty for being tickled, the very Chinese names seem funny. For instance, a shop with the name Yung Flower over it caught my eye. Naturally one would like to see a gentleman bearing so poetic a patronym; but alas! far from being like the flowers that bloom in the spring tra-la, I found him to be a very old and warty flower, with a huge pair of horn spectacles astride his nose. I was disappointed in Long Shin—he be- lied his name, for he was short and fat; and whether Ah Lie lived up to what his name might seem to imply I had no means of judging. As to Sing Song—one need not be a Marshall-Hall to feel a desire to see a gentleman so musically named, but he did not look at all artistic, for when I peeped in he was engaged gobbling up rice out of a bowl, with the air of a pair of chop- sticks. I think it must be highly doubtful if any Chinaman living could be mistaken for an Irishman, but all the same I came across a "Roryomore"—written all in one—in one of these streets; a name evidently as- sumed with the innocent intention of at- tracting any wandering son of Erin who might happen to pass by. Perhaps that was why a neighbour in spirited rivalry called himself "Tamoshant." It was gratifying, however, to find that England was not quite out of it either; for I came across another recruit to the great army of the Smiths. A pig-tailed shopkeeper in a street off the Pokfullam- road has taken to himself that time- honoured patronymic, and has, further- more, tacked "John" on in front, so that at the present moment of writing there must be about five million John Smiths in the world—plus one. 