THE DUKE'S DAUGHTERS. A TALE OF TWO SISTERS. CHAPTER II— (Continued), "Then you prefer that I make the applica tion elsewhere?" The young man's brow contracted; but he was silent, and hlB tormentor repeated the Question. Then, with' every . limb convulsed with passion, he walked to thie door and open ed it. "Would you make me "a murderer as well as an outcast? Go while you are safe!" . The fellow saw his danger, and scarcely breathed till he was beyond the reach of Ru pert's arm; but he put his hat jauntily on one side of his head, and sauntered down the garden just as if the interview had been the pleasantest in the world. When he had left the house Rupert dropped Into a chair, and, laying his folded arms on the table, let his head fall upon them. Clar ice came in, and retreated again softly, telling herself that his visitor must have been the bearer or 111 news. He did not hear her; he was lost to all sense of the present, till a little hand timidly touched his arm, and he looked up, to And Violet Wynne standing beBide him. CHAPTER III.— THE SISTERS HAVE AN ADVENTURE. Ashamed of the weakness he was betraying to a comparative stranger, Rupert murmured an Incoherent reply to Violet'B question, "Are you ill, Mr. Lee?" and went back to his own chamber. Indignant at his reception of her civility, she turned to Clarice, who had entered the room with her. - "You see how he treats us. He takes care to make_us understand that we must never outstep the limits he prescribes to our Inter course. He regards It as as insult that we have presumed to pity him for having a head ache;" "Dear VI, Mr. Lee is suffering with some greater' ailment than a pain in the head," Clarice answered. "Rely upon It, that bold, bad man was the messenger of unpleasant tidings. Perhaps some one very dear to him iBdead." This suggestion silenced Violet's resentful j speeches. She listened that night with regret to the measured step which testifled to his I wakefulness, and reproached herself for her : harsh judgment when Jenny reported on the morrow that Mr. Lee was not well, and could not leave his room. When, at the expiration of two or three days, he resumed his scat at their table, one, at least, of Duke Wynne's daughters saw him with changed and kinder eyes. He did not discover this. The golden-haired, childish little creature sitting quietly in her corner never Interested him half as much as Clarice, whom he pitied as the victim of her lather's ceaseleBS tyrannies. For her he had always a few courteous words; to everyone else his reserve Increased rather than di minished. The man of high birth and Innate reflnement had no interests In common with the sordid, selfish 'Wynne. He was absorbing himself, too, In a work of more pretension than he had hitherto attempted; and while his host sat devouring the largest share of every dish put before them, talking pom- poiiBly the while to hlB "young friend." as he bad taken to call his silent lodger. Rupert's thoughts were soaring far away, or he wbb mentally revising, gome awkward phrase or elaborating a bright Idea. "Mr. Lee Is a very gentlemanly person- ready," Duke Wynne told Ills wife and daugh ters. "I find him extremely companionable without being intrusive. His rapt attention while I converse with him Is very gratifying; and he never wrangles over the Items of his bills. I think 1 snail let him remain Willi us during the winter." Violet and Clarice exchanged glances. They rarely spoke of Rupert now; tne lormer had "fscd to inveigh against, the latter to defend him. They comprehended that it must be Bome acutely-i'clt. sorrow that had deepened the lines on his brow, and given so sad a curve to What this grief might be It was not likely that they should ever discover; but they saw how bravely it was borne by the lonely student, and respected, though they were not permitted to sympathise with, him. Once during his temporary absence they lin gered at the half-open door of his little chum ps'". He had curefully eschewed wearing any jewellery since Mr.Dunlop commented upon it; but the pencil-case that lay on IiIb desk, the gold pen lie used, even the slippers and loose, coat lie wore while writing, were of such cost ly make and material as to betray the su perior position lie must have held before he .came to London. From his few books, how ever, the name had been carefully erased, a fact which violet discovered while the metho dical Clarice mended ia rent or two In the gloves lying on the dressing-table. "If lie were but our brother how much we might do for him!" sighed the latter; and her sister dropped the cabinet edition of "Tasso" she had taken from the window-ledge, and burst Into a lit of passionate weeping "What have I said?" cried the astonished Clarice, "Dear VI, you are surely not so foolishly sentimental -as to have formed a ro mantic attachment to a person with whom you have not exchanged a dozen words?" Violet dashed away her tears, and burst Into a merry laugh. "What a ridiculous suggestion! It was for myself I cried, and not for a lover! If ever I have one, he Bhall not be some haughty, in accessible person, who Is so wrapt in his own perfections that he has no eyes for mine! Come away. Clary! ' Looking at those books only makes me fretful and envious; besides,' we should De lectured severely If Mrs. Wynne found us here." And so Rupert Lee and the family In which he had taken up his abode, nte, drank, and slept under 'the same roof week after week, yet remained as utterly apart as if. miles divided theni. The young man was becoming moderately successful. Mr. Dunlop had not forgotten his new contributor, and, towards the close of February, lie- was able to oiter him some employment at his own office. Rupert' s spirits grew more elastic when his desk and tireless chamber were dally quitted for a walk to and from Fleet-street, and the Interchange of Ideas with those of his fellow- authors, with whom he was brought in con tact. While he tvas thus engaged, Mrs. Wynne had occasion to send her step- daughters, one afternoon, to Brompton. Walking for plea sure, or even health, was never permitted to them. Duko Wynne had some Oriental no tions with regard to his "womankind," and expected them to And ample recreation In their domestic duties and needlework. He had also reasons of his own for keeping Ills daughters strictly secluded, aud restraining, them from forming any friendships with girls of their own age. It was, therefore, with almost childish glee that they made ready to carry a message to an acquaintance of Mrs. Wynne— a brisk little dressmaker, who was always good-naturedly ready ito lend her pat terns or give her advice. . Both were needed now; for, in an unusually gracious mood, Mr. Wynne had suffe ed him self to be seduced by a gay silk, marked In a window "very cheap," and had presented It to his lady, who resolved that It should be made up fashionably enough, to astonish her neighbours. Overwhelmed with directions, and also en joined to return homo before their father could arrive from the offic the young g'rls cheerfully faced a mlstllng rain, and enjoyed the hospitality of the good-natured spinster, -who flung her work aside to welcome and en tertain her pretty visitors, and could scarcely be prevailed upon to let them depart. So pleasant was the contrast of her merry smiles and bright fireside to the home where their best impulses were held In check, that they willingly lingered till the last moment, and even then quited her with reluctance. Twilight had fallen, and It was a dark and dull walk along by-roads and past unfinished houses; but they stepped out, chatting golly as they went, till the striking of a clock warn ed them that the hour was fast approaching at whloh Mr. Wynne usually made his ap pearance at Fulham. Their walk now became a run, and they aped down a narrow passage or alley skirting the brick-field, already mentioned as being close to their dwelling. Violet was a little In advance of her sister, when they turned a corner, where two old poplair trees reared their tall heads, and guarded a gate 'leading In to some garden ground. s In the shadow of these trees stood two men, who did not hear the swift approach of the sisters' light footsteps. Neither did Violet be come conscious of their proximity, till, in her haste, she came In violent contact with one of the twain, and lie uttered so' blasphemous an imprecation that, grasping her sister's arm, she lied on faster than before. These two men certainly were not pleasant personages to meet after nightfall; for the glimpse Blie had of tliem showed her that the collars of Uieir overcoats were turned up, scarves were tied over their mouths, and their hats drawn down to their eyes, as though tor the purpose of concealment. But when fairly in sight of home, Violet regained her courage, and began to laugh at her folly In giving way to such excessive terror. "ore not you going to lecture me, Clary, for dragging you along at such breathless iPInstead of replying, Clarice began to shake out the folds of her dress and shawl. "What can have become of the roll of pat terns for which We were sent? I must have dropped them when we began to run. Oh! Violet, what shall we do?" "We shall have to go back for them," said Violet, ruefully. "We dare not appear at home with no better excuse for the loss than that unexpectedly seeing two strangers start- "But suppose we encounter those men again!" Clarice suggested, with a shudder. "The lane is so dark and lonely that I don't think I dare venture Into it." "If it were only Mrs. Wynne's anger wo must lace I would not care," said her sister; "but there is papal" They stood for a few Beconds looking at each other 'undecidedly. "It was my fault!" cried Clarice, with sud den vehemence, "and It 1b I who ought to go back Run home, dear VI, and I will follow as soon as I have searched for the patterns." But Violet slipped her arm through her sis- tor's, "I am not selfish enough to do as you bid me- If one goes, both go. We will return to the lnne together. At this early hour of the everting there cannot be any real cause for alarm." Afraid to stop and argue the point lest their resolution should fall them, they hurriedly re traced their stopH. Very few persons used this narrow footway, after dark. It was decidedly the shortest cut from the high-road to the newly-built rows of houses which had-been put up on the estate of a building society; but It was tortuous and muddy, and In evil repute , as the favourite haunt of a ghost, which nobody had seen, though all the old women in the neighbour hood could repeat tales of Its vagaries. Mr. Wynne poo-poohed the traditions, but he avoided the spot, preferring a longer walk to the remotest chance of a spiritual recontre, Rupert Le6, however, fearlessly traversed the lane every evening, attracted, perhaps, by the solitariness which made others avoid it. A lamp ' at the end faintly Illumined the first fifty paces; then there was a sharp turn, and the pedestrian was in darkness, a high hedge on one side, and a wall on the other in creasing the obsourlty. . ' Were those men still loitering under the poplars? As Clarice aBked herself the ques tion, her steps began to slacken; but Violet saw, or fancied she saw, the roll of white pa per lying not far ahead, which Impelled her onward. She was right, and the patterns were thank fully secured; but while Clarice stooped for them her sister's ear caught the Eound ' of voices. The strangers were still In their hid ing-place! Ah, no! thoy were coming to wards them; and Involuntarily the young girls drew closer to the hedge. There was a gap In It, and, actuated by the same impulse, they glided through, and crouched down In the ditch on the other side. Onward came the heavy footsteps, and the trembling listeners could not help overhearing the few words these inen were exchanging. . "I told you we were too early. My teeth chatter with the cold. I must have some brandy." "Are you sure It Is the cold that, aff.ects you?" sneered the other. "I knew you would quail and cry off at the last moment." "Shall I?" his companion angrily exclaimed. "Walt till he comes! Do you mean to insinuate that I'm afraid?" . . He burst into such a volley of execrations that Clarice stopped her ears, and could not be i prevailed upon to move till long after the counds had died lawny in the distance. Then the sisters emerged from their :concealment, . and hastened home. Their father had arrived before them, and- a domestic storm ensued. Mrs. Wynne was' scolded for sending them out . without first obtaining her husband's permission; and too much afraid of him to say a word In her own dafence, she retaliated upon the young girls, till Clarice was driven to' tears, and Violet to the greater length of actual rebellion. She waB not quick-tempered, but when roused to anger evinced a strength of will arid firmness With which Mr. Wyhne could uot cope. "We have, done no wrong!" she exclaimed, . throwing; luv arms around her weeping sis ter. "We have toldyou the truth, and I v 1 1 not submit any longer to reproaches . which neither Clarice nor I deserve!" "Silence!" roared Mr. Wynne. "Do .you dare to argue with mu?" 1 "I cannot be silent any longer! You are unjust, papa! I hod rather leave home alto gether than bo exposed to such treatment!"' Mr. Wynne looked aghast. "The audacious girl proposes to run away— to ruin me! Who can have put such an atrocious Idea Into her head? Leave home? —you would leave home? Dare to attempt it — to think of It, alnd I'll — I'M kill you! Do you supposo I'll submit to be disappointed- by both my ungrateful daughter?" He cast a furious glance at Clarice, and accused her as being the Instigator of Vio let's rebellious speech. Unheeding her faint attempts at denial, lie continued to revile the poor girl, till the discovery that it was' long past the hour for tea, and thait a delicious lmrlcot was spoiling, turned the current of'hls ire upon Rupert Lee. For the first time the young man had not returned at the usual hour; and Mr. Wynne was Just In the humour to regard thlB'as a serious offence. "If Mr. Lee Is going to break my rules, and keep hie waiting, he shall not stay here!"1 he exclaimed, swelling and puffing with Import ance. "I will be treated with proper respect by everyone connected with met Who's he, I should like to know, that I must dance' at tendance upon lilm?" . "La! Mr. Wynne, he .never was late be-' 1 - wife ventured to observe; for Ru pert Lee's money was a very acceptable ad dition to the sriiall sum allotted to her for household expenses. "Silence, woman! How dare you cabll at what I say?" he snarled. "Am I to be talk ed at and dictated to In my own house? Take the covers off the dlBhes! Unless Mr. Lee is able to make a very satisfactory apology for his rudeness, I shall give him my opinion of It pretty freely!" No one ventuved to Bpeak again. Even the' indulged Georgfe was afraid of his father when he was In an evil mood, and whimpered a request to be taken to bed. Mrs. Wynne carried the child away, and did not return; but Clarice and Violet were compelled to re main and endure all the Ill-humoured speeches levelled at them. At last the cravings of Duke Wynne's 'ap petite were.' satiated, and he grew sleepy, as well as cross. He declared that the clock,' which pointed to the hour of nine, must be slow, and bade Clarice light him a candle, . "I shall not sit up to see Mr. Leo. My sense of his ungentlemanly behaviour might Induce me to spt-i.ik too severely. Let Jenny wait for him; and if he asks for anything to eat she can refer him to me." Clarice, who had been repairing one of Georgle's torn, garments, had seen, for :s6me time,, that Violet was labouring under some uncontrollable agitation. With her hands tightly clasped one in the other, and her face alternately Hushing andl paling, she had been Hitting on her low stool beside the fire,- the book In her lap wholly unheeded. As 'soon as Mr. Wynne left the room, she sprang up, and held out her arms to her sis ter. "Clarice!" she gasped, "I must have gone mad if papa had stayed here much longerl I am racked, with such horrible misgivings that I don't know how to contain myself!' Those men— those dreadful men!" "My dear Violet, they will not Injure us," was the soothing reply. "Of course they will not. But Mr. Lee; It Is for him they are watching and' waiting. Don't look so. Incredulous. I -am sure.of-lt!" Clarice began to feel uneasy, though she answered: / "Nonsense, VI! How can you know this ?'.' "Don't ask me, for I cannot tell. I had an instinctive feeling that, they were on some wicked errand when we first encountered them; and from their own words we know that they were waiting for someone. Who would willingly appoint a meeting with such people, and in that dark, dull lane?" "But, VI, dear, Mr. Lee is not the only per son who comes that way at night, and they would not dare to meddle with him, so near his home, too!"' Violet listened, but was not to be argued out of her convictions. ' "It Is useless assuring me of this, for the voice and height of one of these men con vinced me -that he- is the same who called upon Mr. .Lee the other-week. Perhaps while we are staying here he Is lying in wait for him to rob him. What a poor, miserable cow- ard I am! I have been longing and longing to toll papa what I feared, and beg him to go and meet Mi-. Lee, and warn -him of his dan ger; but I could not summon courage to do it." "He would have laughed at your fancies," said Clarice, "and told you that the young man Is quite capable of taking care of Kim- self, or that the police are always within call; and I think with htm. At the same time, I wish Mr. Lee would return. If he Is away much longer, I shall grow as nervous as you are." "Those men would crouch In the shade of the poplars, and spring upon him as he pass ed," murmured Violet, her white lips tremb ling, her eyes dilating with the terror she could not overcome. "How could he defend himself against two of them?" "You foolish VI! have you forgotten that they left the lane before we did?" - ; "But only because they were too early. They would return— they have returned. Oh, Clarice, why are we weak, frightened women? If he comes to any harm through our silence, we shall be miserable for ever." Clarice began to be troubled. Her Bis ter's earnestness overpowered her more so ber reasonings. ITOJSE CONTIXrF.Il.l 