CHAPTER IV. 'Good-morning, nurse,' v Lesbia glanced up from her work in 'some surprise at the familiar salutation, and the young man who thus addressed her gave a perceptible start of astonish ment, 'I beg your pardon,' he said hastily. 'I took you for Nurse Isabel,' 'Nurse Isabel haa gone,' sho replied. ul am Nurse Lesbia.' I 'Ah, to be sure! And I am Gervas1 Lambourne— Regie's cousin. How is the boy to-day'i' Ho stooped over the little bod as bo spoke, aud took the child's listless hand. Regie brightened up more perceptibly than ho had done since Lesbia's firat ac quaintance with him, whioh now dated back four days, 'Gerry! Gerry!' he cried, in his shrill little voice. 'Whero have you been V 'To London town, my boy. Did you miss me?' 'Course I did! Have you seen the beautiful princess?' asked the- child, Lesbia, who was taking stock of the young man's dark, aristocratic- face and slender though well-knit limbs, was sur prised to seo him color up, almost like a He bent down to whisper something, whioh seemed to givo Rogio great satis faction, and then turnod and spoke to her in his pleasant, courteous voice: ' 'This boy needa a lot, of keeping in order, nurse,' ho said. 'I tell him somotimos lie ia a fraud— a cunning malingerer !' \ 'I wish he were!' said Lesbia, stoop ing over tho small invalid with the sweet emile that transformed her delicate loveliness into striking beauty, Ger vas, who had soarooly noticed her before, looked at her with a trace of bewilder ment in his honest admiration, 'I think we must have mot before V ho said. 'Your face isi strangely fa miliar!' A sudden recollection of the crowded court, with hosts of curious eyes, gave Lesbia a sickening throb. He had pro bably been there as spectator, and seen her in the witness-box. She grew so pale that Gervas felt he had made a slip, , and rushed into conversation with Regie, to give her time to recover herself, He was thinking about her ton mini wtea later as ho strode down the long oor ridor ta his uncle's sitting-room. Lord Reouyell had been confined to his room for a weok, with an attack of gout, but h--, was much better that morning, Per haps tho return of his favorite, nephew hod something to do with his physical improvement. He must, in his young days, have been very like G'ervns in ap pearance, but he was old far beyond his years — a- tall, striking-lctoking man, thin ta attenuation, with, snow-white hair, and hawk-like oyes, set deeji under his shaggy black eyebrows, . As soon ns his reception and the in evitable questions and answers had been disposed of, Gervas rushed into the sub ject nearest his heart. 'I was at the. Paytonnes' last night,' he said. 'Lady Paytone told me that you had invited her and Lady Sara to spend Easter here. It's awfully good of you, buM' Lord Recuyell smiled. 'I'm glad you're pleased,' he said. 'Is Lady Sara as charming as ever?' Gervas'si face lighted ' up, and then, checking hia enthusiastio reply, he said' quietly: 'She's the handsomest girl I know 1' There waa a pause. Lord Reouyell leant forward suddenly, hia face working with some strong emotion. 'Gervas,' ho uttered, 'is sho aa love worthy as she is beautiful? For Hea ven's sako, my boy, be, sure of her feel ings—and your own— before you com mit yourself I' Gervas nodded, and muttered some thing under his breath. Ho could guesa all too well, the bitter memory that prompted that warning. 'You ought to marry!' went on his unole presently. 'Hugh and I are get ting old men, and aa for Regie—poor boy!— hia days are numbered!' Gervaa winced. 'Perhaps,1 uncle, Hugh will marry again?' he suggested ; but Lord Recuyell shook his head, 'That ia not likely, Hia own health is precarious, He still suffers from heart attacks. I don't think he realises Re gie's condition now.' 'When does he return?' asked Gervas. 'About Enster. He. was in Florida when he load wrote, Poor Hugh I His home-ooming will be a heavy one!' 'Thanks to hia abominable obstin acy I' thought Gervas, 'If he hadn't brought about the little chap's accident by forcing him to ride Vixen, he ? What did you Bay, sir?' 'I asked you to ring the bell,' replied hia unole. 'We'll have Regie in here for a bit, I haven't been up to him be fore, but Mrs. Rny gives a glowing ac count of his new nurse,' 'Sho is a very pretty girl,' said Ger vas, 'Her face reminds me of somebody — I don't know whom.' Five minutes later tho door opened, to admit Regie's little carriage, wheeled in by a footman, Lesbia walking by the side, a trifle nervous over her first inter view with the lord of the Towers, Lord Reouyell's sombre eyes met her own, A sudden flash of recognition, of eager welcome, crossed hia face; and then, with a. stifled groan, whioh waa wrung from the depths of an ac-hing heart, he fell back in his chair. Gervas and Lesbia ascribed his emo tion to a return of the complaint from which he waa 'suffering. 'A bad twinge, I'm afraid,' murmur ed the former sympathetically, Lesbia, with a ready helpfulness that came naturally to hor, stepped quietly forward, and held a glass that was on the table at his elbow to the sick man's lips. 'Thank you,' he said..pro8ently, 'I am b otter now. Well, young gentlem an, how goes the world with you?' And for 'tho remainder of tho conversation Regie and hia interests wore paramount. Aa soon asihe door closed on Lesbia and her charge, Lord Recuyell asked* Gervas to bring him his desk. 'I want to look over the letter' Sir Holt Travera wrote recommending Nurse Lesbia,' he said. Gervas obeyed, in some astonishment. Sir Holt's communication waa brief, and to the point, though, had he only known it, scarcely accurate, for, in all good faith, he referred to Lesbia as Dr. Maxwell's niece. Lord Reouyell returned the letter to ita place, with a long-drawn sigh, and began to talk about Lady Sara Veene. Lesbia soon grew accustomed to her life at the Towers, It was a lone exist ence, but she waa not unhappy. She made friends with, the old house keeper, Mrs. Ray, who delighted in talk ing about 'the family' in whose service she had been sinoe girlhood, and in ve lating the stories and superstitions that clung to it, 'You ask if we have a ghost, nurse?' she said one day, 'I should think we have! Why, there's a cavalier who walka up and down the terrace on moon light nights, and the murdered baby that always cries when the wind blows; and 'Do you believe in them?' interrupt ed Lesbia. 'Have you ever seen them ?' Mrs, Ray's face grew pale and troub led. 'My dear, don't laugh!' sho said. 'You young folks are so slow to believe what you can't prove, Nay' I don't hold with the cavalier and the baby and that sort of nonsense ; but what I have seen, I've seen, and I shall never forget it!' Her agitation infected Lesbia. 'What was it?' she whispered. 'Her ladyship's ghost!' whispered the old woman. 'The present Lord Re ouyell'a wife! It was one November evening, a year or so after the news came of her death. An errand took me into the north corridor at twilight. Lord Recuyell was sitting in the library. The door was shut, and she — her ladyship was kneeling on the threshold outside, beating at it with her hands, and beg ging him, for Heaven/B sake, to let her in— to forgive her! Well, well, hers was a short life and a sad one, poor soul ! They were anly married two years be fore tho last quarrel, when she left her home one night, and went off no one knew where until two months later news Wine that she was dying in some foreign place. His lordship was ill, and though Mr, Hugh started off at once, he was too late. And tho baby, for whom we had been- hoping', was lying dead upon, her breast.' Lesbia/s eyes were full of tears, 'Whose fault was it?' she whispered. 'Nay, who can tell? Some thought Mr, Hugh made mischief, and set his brother against his wife; but, though I'm no freiend of Mr, Hugh, I don't be lieve that ! Dear me, nurse, my tongue has been making free to-night j but, there, you're not a great talker, like Nuras Isabel!' Mrs. Ray's confidences were safe with Losbia. She was unfeignedly interested in her new surroundings, but her private af fairs ocoupied more a? her thoughts. The occasional correspondence that was permitted between herself and Keith Maxwell had been begun on her sid&j; but her letter and his reply were heavily handicapped by the knowledge of the- in evitable scrutiny to which all communi cation between the prisoner and the outer world must be subjected. Keith tried to write brightly, but a sentence that had crept in at the end wrung Les bia's heart, 'Seven years of separation — seven long years I , My sweetheart, it is toa much to ask that you should spend them, in heart, with me!' 'But that is how I mean to spend them,' said Lesbia, aloud, as she put the lettor away. Hor engagement-ring lay in the same comer of her desk. She worei no jewellery of any sort with her uniform, She picked it up, and slipped it an her finger ; ' and then, before she replaced it, she raised it to her lips, .murmuring: 'I will bo true to you, Keith!' 