The Adventure of Princess Sylvia. S(iy lrsa. C. N. WILLIAMISON.) CHAPTER VI. THIE HONOURS OF TIHE DAY. It is those in the thick of battle who can afterwards tell least about it, and to Ille Princess those five potent mo ments-the most tremendous, the most vital of her life-were in memory like a dretit. Shie had felt a tigerish quiver run through the body of aii man wheni the crowd prcwresed close against her; instinct was restponsible for the rest. Vaguely shite recalled aInter that shite had runt forward and lthrown up thie armi that meant to strike ; an impression of the knife, as the lighlt struck it, alone retnainted vividly in her mind. She had thought of the thud it would matke in falling, of the life-blood that would sipout from the rent in thIe white coat, among the jewels lind decora ..tions. Shte had thought of the blank ness of existcllece for lher iiin ait world empty of Maximilian, and shie had tknown that, tlnless she could save him, it \woltl he far bctter to die-then, in tliat motient. lMore tIhtan this she had not thought or known. What she did was done well-nigh unconsciously, and she seem ed to awaIke with a start st last, to hear herself sobbing, and to feel a sharp prain in her arm. A hIundred hands--not quick enough to sa:ve, hut quick enough to follow the leadt she had given-had fought to seize the assassin, and prevent a second iblow : bt.t is for Sylvia, hlier work done, she forgot everything and everyone srave Maximilian. It was he who saved her from fall inug. as the knife aimed at his heart struck her arm; he who hleld her, as shie mechanically clung to him, lhalf faintint--brave no longer, but only a frighltenced, weeping girl Sylvia heard him speak to the crowd -a few words that rang out through the furious babel like a cathedral bell. s3till he held her; and sie went with him up Itle steps of the red platform, because hris arm compelled her, niot by her own volition. She hardly understood that the cheers of the multitude were for her, as weil as for him; and words separa ted themselves with comprelhensive 'distincttiveness for the first time, when, tle inecessity for ipublic action over, the 'imperor turned to whisper in her ear. "Thank you-thank you," he said. "You are the bravest woman in the world. I had to kecp them from killing that coward, but now I can say to you whlat is in my heart. I pray :Heaven you are not much hurt?" "l Oh no, not hurt, but very happy," bireathed Sylvia, hardly knowing what shte said. She felt like a soul without abody; what could it matter if her. arm ached or bled? The Emperor was safe. and she had saved him-she! "lHe pointed to her sleeve. "The knife touched you. I would lthat 1I could go with you myself, when you have done so much for me. Yet duty keeps me here; you understand that. Baron von Lynar and the Baroness will take you home at once. They-" "But I wotild rather stay, and see the, rest," said Sylvia. "I amn quite well now, so that I can go down to my friend----" "If you stay, you must stay here," said Maximilian. "After what you have done, it is your place." The ladies of the Court, who had withl: their husbands been waiting to receive the Emperor, crowded round her, as she turned to them with an ex pressive look and gesture. A seat was given her; she wats a heroine, sharing the hotnours of the day with its hero. There was scarcely a grande dame among the distinguished company on the Emnperor's platform to whom "Lady de Courcy" and her daughter had not a letter of introduction, from their friend. But no one knew at this mnomnent of any other title to their ac .quaintance which the girl possessed, save the right conferred by her deed. All smiled on her with tearful eyes, though there were some who would have given their ten lingers to have had i. her praise and credit for their own. I Sylvia sat through the ceremonies, unconseious that thousands of eyes wnere on her face, aware of little thati went on; scarcely seeing the statue of :Rhaetii, whose glorious marble we minluhood awakened the enthusiasm of thle throng, hearing only the short speech delivered by Maximilian. When it was all over--the people merely waiting to see the Emperor! ride away and the great personages disperse, while the music played-- Mlaximilian turned once more to Syl via. Everyone was listening; every one was looking on, and, no mnat- what his inclination, his words could be but few. He thanked her again for her courage andt foe remaining, as 'if that had been a favour to him; asked where she was staying in town, tld promised hIimself the pleasure of sending to inquire for her health dur ing the evening. Ils desire would be to call at once in person, but, owing to Sthe programme of the day and those immediately following, not only each Isouri, but each moment would be offi cially occupied. These birthday re joicings were troublesome, but duty must be done. And then Maximilian finished by saying that the Court phy sician would be commanded to attend upon her at the lhotel. With this and a chivalrous courtesy of parting, he was gone from the plat form, Baron von Lynar, the Grand Master of Ceremonies, and his Baron ess; having been told off as the fair heroine's escort home. At another time, it might have amused the mischief-loving Sylvia to see Baroness ron Lynar's surprise at learning her identity with the Miss de Courey of whom she had heard from Lady West. All the letters of intro duction hlad reached their destination, it only remaining (naccording to Rhae tian etiquette in such matters) for Lady de Courey to announce her ar rival in Salzbruck by senditig cards. But Sylvia ihad no thought for mis chief now. She had been' on the point of forgetting, until reminded by neces sity, tihait she was only a masquerader, acting her uorrowed part in a pageant. For the first time since she had volun tarily taken it up, that part became distasteful. She would have given much to throw it off, like a discarded ganrmeni, and ie herself again. No thing less than absolute sincerity seemed worthy of this day andl its event. lBut in the vulgar language of po v'erb, which no wVell brought up Prin cess should aver use, she had made her bed, and she must lie in it. It would lever do for her to suddenly announce that she was not Miss dc Courey, but Prinlcess Sylvia of Eltzburg-Neuwald. That would not now be fair to her mother, nor to herself ;. above all, it ivoult not he failr to tile E:mperor, han dicapped by his debt of gratitude. Miss de Courcy she was, and Miss de C'ourey she miust for the present re naill. Naturally, thle Grand D)uchless fain tld when her daughter was brought back to her, bleeding. But the wound in tile rioul white arn wais not deep. T'he Court lphylsician was both consol inlg iand c(o0lnlimentary, and by the time that messengers from the palace hadl arrivedt with inquiries from the Empleror :111d invitations to the Em peror's ball, thie heroine's mother conilhl ilispinse withli her sal volatile. She had fortunately much to think of. lThere was the inliportant lquestion of ldress (since tihe hall was for the fol lowing night); there was the still lmore liressing quiCstioul f the news papers, whllich munlst not hie illowed to learn or publish thie borrowed name of de Couroy, lest complications should irise; and there were qilestions which ilad to be asked of Sylvia. HIow had shle felt ? ow lhandl she dared ? HIow had lhe lEmiperor looked, and what had theI Emperor said ? If it had been iatural for the Girand Duchess to faint, it was equally natural that she should not faint twice. She began to see, aftcr all, the hand of Providence in her daughter's prank. And she wondered whlether Sylvia's white satin with seed whetlcher Sylv'in's vwhite satir with seed would be nmore becoming for the ball. Next day thle papers were full of the dastardly attack upon the Emperor by a French anarchist, who had disguisedl himself as an employe in the official household of the B3urgomaster, trust ing to the abstraction of the crowd at the last moment before the ceremon ies, for passing undiscovered and ac complishing his murderous design. There were columns devoted to praise of tile extraordinary courage and breauty of tihe young English lady, who, with marvellous presence of mind, had sprung betwcen the Emperor and his would-be assassin, receiring on her own anirm the blow intended for the im perial breast. iBut, thanks to a few earnestly imploring words spoken in Baron von Lynar's ear, commands girven to the "Besitzer" of the hotel, and the fact that Rhaetian editors are not yet permitted a wholly free hand, thle young English lady was not named. She was a stranger ; she was, according to the papers, "as yet un known." CHAPTEIR T'II. TEN. MINItJTES' GRACE. Not a window of:tee fourteenth-cen tury yelloiv: marble palace, in its famous'"garden of the nine, foun tains," that was not ablaze with light. From afar, the crowd who miglit not poss the'carved lions or the statues que sentinels at the gates, stared, and pointed and exclaimed, without jeal ousy of their betters. "Unser litax" was giving a balli; it was for them to watch the glittering line of state coaches, and neat, closed carriages that passed in aid out-striving for a peep at the faces, the grand uniforms and the jewelled dresses, commenting, laughing, wondering what there would be for supper and with whom the Em peror would dance. "There she is-there's the beautiful young lady who saved hlim ! Isn't she like an angel ?" cried a girl in the tlhrong. Up went a hearty cheer, and the police had to keep back the good natured flock that would have stopped the horses and pressed forward for a long look into a plain, dark green brougham. Syliva shrank out of sight against the cushions, blushing anud breatlling quickly, as she pressed her nmother's hand. "Dear people-dear, kind people," she thought. "I love them for loving him." She had chosen to wear the white dress, though up to the last minute her nother had hesitated between the rival merits of seed pearls and gold span gles; and her beautiful face was as white as her gown, as she passed be tween lackeys into the palace, through the great hall, on through the Ritter saal, to ihe throne room, where the Emperop s guests awaited his coming. It was etiquette for no one to arrive later than ten o'clock; and five minu tes after that hour, -Baron von Yynar, in his official capacity as Grand Master of Ceremonies, struck the floor thrice I wvith his ivory, gold-knobbed wand. This signified the approach of the Court, from the Imperial dinner party, and Mfaximilian entered, with a singu larly plain iussian Royal Highness on hisfann. Until the moment of his arrival the lovely stranger (admitted here by vir tue of her service to the Emperor) had been the cynosure of all eyes; and even when he appeared she was not forgotten. Every one wished to see how she would be greeted by a grateful monarch. The instant that his proud head towering above most others-was seen in the throne room, it was observed, even by the unobservant; that never had Maximilian been so hadndsome. IHis was a face notable for strength and in tellect rather than any conventional beauty of feature; but to-night the stern lines that sonmetimes marred his forehead were smoothed away. He looked young, almost boyish; there was an eager light in his dark eyes, and he gave the imqression of a man who had suddenly found a new interest in life. He danced the first dannee with the Russian royalty, who was the most im portant guest of the evening, and, still rigidly adhering to the line of duty (whichl obtains in court ball-rooms as on battle-fields), the second, third, and fourth dances were for Maximilian penances rathller than pleasures. But for the fifth-a waltz-he bowed low before Sylvia. Not a movement, scarcely a smile or a glance of hers that he had not seen since his eyes first sought and found hier, on the moment of his entrance. He had noted how well Baron von Lynar carried out his instructions re garding Miss de Courey ; he knew the partners who were presented to her jfor each dance, and to save his life or a national crisis he could not have worn the same expression in asking the Russian for a waltz as that which brightened his face in approaching Sylvin. " Who is that girl ?" inquired Count von MIarkstein in his usual gruff man ner, as the arm of IMaximilian circled the slim waist and the eyes of Maxi inilian rested on a radiant counten ance upturned to his. It was of Baroness von Lynar that the Chancellor asked Iris question, and she fluttered a diamond-spangled fan to hide smiling lips, as shite answered, " What, Chancellor-are you in jest, or do you really not know ?" Count von Markstein turned lis cold eyes from the two figures, so'close to gethler, moving rihytlmically as poetry -to the face of tile middle-aged beau ty. Once he. had admired her as much as it was in his nature to admire any woman ; but that day was long past, anld now, such powver as she hlad left over himin was imerely to excite a feeling of irritation. "I do not often jest," he answered slowly. " Ah, we all lnow that truly great meIn hove seldonl a sense of lhumour!"l purred the Baroness, who was by birth an Austrian, and loved nlaughter better tihan anytlhing else in the world--ex cept hier vanisling beauty. " I should lhave remembered, and not tried your patience. " That girl,' as you some what brusquely call her, is the English Miss de Courcy, whose mother has come to Salzbruclk armed with such sheaves of introductions to us all. And she it is who yesterday saved the most valued life in the Empire. They are stayling at, the Hlohenburgerhof ; 1 thotght you must have known." "I did inot see the young lady's face yesterday," returned the Chancellor, vwhose indiflerence to swomlen and mer ciless justice to both sexes alike had early earned him the sobriquet of "Iron Heart." "As for what she did, if it had' int been she who intervened, it wouli hlave been another. It w?as mere ly by chance that her arm struck up the weapon first." "Do you not think, then, that His Majesty does right to single her out for so much honour ?" Baroness von Ly nar's eyes were on the dancers; yet that mysterious skill which some wo men have. enabled her to see the slightest change of exprssion on the Chancellor's square, lined countenance. "His 1lhjesty could not do other svise." hlie replied. "An invitation to a ball ; a dance or two; a call to pay his respects; a gentleman could not be less gracious. And His Majesty is a most chivalrous gentleman." "He has hald good training." This ,vith a smile and the dainty ghost of a bow to the man who had been as a second father to Maximilian, when his own father had died." But-we are old friends, Chancellor" (it had not been lier fault that they were not more, in the days before she was Baroness von Lynar); "do you really think it will end with an invitation, a dance, and a call ? Look at the girl's face, and tell me that ?" Old "Iron Heart" frowned and glar ed, and wondered what he had seen twenty years ago to admire in this woman. Re would have escaped if he could, but he would not be openly rude to the wife of the Grand Master of Cerembnies; and besides, he was wvill ing perhaps to show the lady that her innuendoes were as the buzzing of a fly about his ears. "I am hbilf way between sixty and seventy, and no longer a judge of a woman's attractions," he retorted. "Even were she hIelen herself, the' in vitation, the dance, and the call, with the present of some jewelled souvenir, perhaps, are all that are permissable in the circumtstances." "What circumstances ?" was the in nocent, questioning reply. "The young lady is not of Royal blood. And His Majesty-thank God ! -is not a roue." "But he has a heart, and he has eyes. He may never have used them before. Yet there must always be a first time; and the higher and more strongly built the tower, the greater the fall thereof." "Need we discuss improbabilities, Baroness von Lynar? Neither you nor I is the Emperor's keeper." " We are his friends-his most inti nate friends. And you and I have known each other for twenty years. It amuses me to discuss what you call 'improbabilities.' Come---for once, humour me, Chancellor. Not for the world would I hint that His Majesty is less than an example to all men, in honour; nor would I suggest that Miss de Courcy could be tempted to indis cretion. But yet I'd be ready to wager -the Emperor being human and the girl the most dazzling of beauties that an acquaintance so romantically begun will not end with a ball and a call !" " lhat could there possibly be more, madam-in honour ?" Tihe Chancellor's voice shook with stifled anger, and he looked - so thought his quondam friend-with his square face, his wide nostrils, and his prominent eyes-delightfilly like a baited bull. The Baroness von Lynar was thoroughly enjoying herself. She well knew the old man's desire for the Emperor's marriage, and, though she was not in the secret of his plans, would have felt little surprise at learn ing that an eligible empress had al ready been selected What fun it was to ruffle the temper of the surly old bear ! How much more fun it would be genuinelv to alarm him for the suc cess of his schemes !" "What could there be more ?" she echoed. "Why, they will see much of each other. There will be many dan ces, many' calls-in a word, a serial ro mance instead of a short story. Why should His Majesty not know the pleasure of a pure platonic friendship with a beautiful young woman ?" "Because Plato is out of fashion, and, as I have said, the Emperor is a Iman of honour," growled the Chancel lor. "lven if- which I doubt-a woman could deeply influence his life-----" C" You doubt that ? Then you don't know the Emperor !" (To be Continued.) 