i GREAT IROSG; OR, THE irrSTEEF OF S£iOE JTOiLOTT GXA2TGEL ? \- |.»-l . ! CHAPTER in. — Corurun. J He turned to the lounge and looked at tbs face of the child. Clotilde crept a step nearer looked down opon the pretty toce: it 'was told' and still; but a faint color presently came to the cheeks, and she could see the eyelids quiver, i The mother's heart stirred with an infinite pity and tenderness. " Oh, Andrew," she cried, clasping her hue. band's arm, "he 1b alive. I will do all you ask, only spxre the boy, and let him go back to my sister."; " That he may appear by-®nd-bje, like the hero of a novel, -and wrest my title and my wealth from me I " be answered, with n house laugb. " No, I'm not such a fool as that. I'll make everything secure as I go." "Bnt, Andrew, no one knows. Oh, for Heaven s soke I do not stain your soul with murder," implored poor CloliMc, in agony. His face whitened and his lips twitched. He was not wholly cruel ; but be steeled bis soul agsftst the pleadings of bis better nature, and turned upon her with the face of a tiend. ' Silence 1 Woman, remember your oath 1" be thundered. "The dead tell no tales. He Shall die 1 " She cowered away from him, and he took up the body of tbe child, rolled it in a blan ket, and left the room, with the bundle in his arms Clotilde stood white and breathless for an Instant, then she clutched athersbsil, wound it about her head, and followed him out into the dark rainy night. She reached tbe banks of tire Loire even before be did, wsvlftdi. flew, nod crunch ing beneath tbelow-droofing branches, waitedl and watched--- - ; - He cairie on, bis step crunching nponthe sands. He approached the shore, half- a-dozen yards from her hiding-place, loweredbisbnr-, den, and looked cautiously around. The dteary sands were silent and dark, bnt from below came tbe muffled beat of oars. There was no time to lose. ric mi-ed trie ngot bundle and buried It tar nut into tbe dsrkstream. as the body struck the water, the guilty man turned and fled like one escaping with his life, Clotilde arose like a spectre, straining her eyes over tbe black rippling tide. " I must save him," she murmured. "Holy Mother, do thou help me 1 " Then she plunged in; she was a fisherman's daughter, and in hergirlhood could swim like a fish. She bad not forgotten the art now. She struck out for the place where the body went down, her eyes watching every ripple with agonising eagerness. Presently she uttered a tremulous cry, for something arose to tbe surface just beyond Bar. "Holy Mother, help me!" She breathed again, as she darted towards it. A few more strokes and she grasped the rising object, and, panting, she made her way to the shore and was soon safe upon the rands. Uttering prayers with every breatb, she - tore away the blanket and lifted the child' head to her bosom. " He breathes 1 he lives ! " she exclaimed. ' The water has restored him to conseiotis- uessl" She rained tears and kisses on the little " My darling I Oh, thank Heaven, I hare saved my husband's soul from the sin of murder 1 " The dip of oars was now heard. She wrapped the child in the dripping blanket, clasped him close to ber panting bosom, and then laid him softly down upon the moist, warm sands. ' Help I belpl " she cried. " Then, as a boat's keel grated on the shore beyond, and the sound of voices came to her eats, she bonnded up and darted through ths rainy darknesss like a lapwing. And the little lad, the waif of the wreck, all stunned and wounded, and half drowned, yet still alive, lay abandoned by the brink of the Bwift-flowing river. Clotilde sped on over the sodden fields with a strength and endurance almost super human. " Her ootbuge vwcloficd mud filttttwlaartM ; reached R, yet she quivered "With terror n she crcot to the door, lest her husband should have returned. Despite her terror, however, she entered, for within, in his little cot-bed, lies hereon, theone child of her wedded love; aud no peril, no danger could canse her to for sake him. She crept in and found that ber husband was still absent. Looking down upon the sleeping boy a swift thought came to her. She would take her child and run away, so mat ter whither, so sue could escape from her mad husband. Swift as lightning she tore off her wet gar ments and put on her best apparel; then she took the sleeping boy in her arms and darted towards the door. She was out, and the summer Run was fall ing on her throbbing head before she remem bered ber oath, never, under any circum stances, to desert her husband. A piteous cry came from her ashen lips, and she reded like one in a faint. " 1 swore by the crucifix," she moaned ; "1 dare not break my oath." Her husband's laugh of exultation answered ber. " No, you dare not break it," he repeated. "You are a dead woman if you ever do. Take the lad into the house, and bestir youiMlf ; we have ec time to lose." She obeyed him without a word ; and before break of day they were on their jour ney. CHARIER IV. IBB MYSTEBY OF BLACE HOLLOW GKASGE. " Lenore, my dear, I have good news for yout this morning." Miss Trcvethon arose lazily from her favo rite sofa in the recess of the bay-window and closed her book. The very handsomest young lady in aU London, tbe belle of the gay season that was only just over, sad an heiress in her own right, this was Miss Lenore Trevetbon, Sir Geoffrey Trevethon's ward and kinswoman. The baronet bowed gallantly as he drew forward a chair. " Good news, my dear," he repeated, rub bing his shapely white hands together | "ex cellent news 1 Come, now, can you guess what it is 2" " The young lady's wonderful blue eyes Bark ened, and she brought down ber dhinty foot « trifle impatiently. "No; 1 shall not try- I am not good lit guessing, 6ir Geoffrey. If you have anything to tell that is worth bearing, prey hpeak ont at once. My book is so entertaining; and itii ' -jcrvprovoking tobe interrupted. - "'inn ithi'- r :ii — ""-ffr- i - - r periods yoimgward. Of ail guardians ithiik ever existed be was tbe kindest arid mostlOr- bcaiing. From her childhood pretty Miss Trevetuon bad reigned and (filed like a queen. ... . -" True enough, my dear. But whenone bee - good news, you know. So you won't guess 1 Well, well, i must tell you 1 , Richmond is coming home." Miss Trevetbon threw baric her graceful head, and laughed until the room rang with , silver echoes. " Well, now, Sir Geoffrey, that is too good a joke. Richmond coming home? Why, be ; has been doing the self-same thing for tbe ; last twelve months or more." "So he has, Lenore, - He is a sorry dog, aa I told him in my letter; I don t wonder, that you are indignant. Indeei tbe wonder lies in yourextremeforcearance,' " My forbearance, Sir Geoffrey? Bless you, sir, there is no need for forbearance? Rich- mend could not please me better thait by Haying away. I only hope he'll make a trip to the antipodes before he reaches Bug- land." The baronet laughed with .genial wood ftnmor. A pleasant, handsome, good-bumcml gentleman is Sir Geoffrey, thirteenth baronet of bli lino, albeit l-is hro w is f n'riowed toS Us bair growing gray— a tovoilao fVitn au .Who know faitn, especially with the ladies. A dozen times he might have chosen b Wife trom the fairest and best born women in -the land since his accession to the ba ronetcy; for some cause he had Seen, fit to remain a widower. Some say fbatayouthful folly, which caased eo mucb trouble between him and bis dead father', "cured him' forever of all though ta of love : others hint that be lives loyal and true to the one woman for whose sake be resigned his noble birth right; that bis'heart is buried in bis wife's far-away grave. At ill events' the baronetTs hot married, thoui his chances have been tempting, For something over half a score of years be has worn -the honors of his noble race, and led a genial, hospitable life at tlic ancestral man sion, Lyndith Hall, an upright, -honorable gentleman, a Christian, and a philanthro pist; a man widely beloved and universally trusted But for some reason bis fair ward and kins woman has never thoroughly liked her guar- | dian, though site has lived under his roof so many-yean; She obeys him ; or, to tell - the truth, he obeys her. for -tile pieLty, spirited creature has s will of ber -own, and Sir Geof frey aiiten ber to have her way, and indulges aU her caprices. .He only controls her im mense foitune. Of that Lenore is utterly ignorant aud equally indifferent. Sheouly knows that she will forfeit it — all. the flue- old estates and the immense Trevetbon wealth r- if .she fails to marry Sir Geof- , frey's son before she attains her twenty first year, and being passionately fond oi elegance, ami ease, and luxury, Miss Trcvethon has no dream of forfeiting ber right to her queenly heritage. She well knows the conditions of her pdoi father's will, has known Lhem since her child hood. She knows, too, that years.ago, when she was scarcely more than a baby, she was most solemnly betrothed— indeed wedded — to btr cousin Richmond. From the neat gold chain that glitters on her white bosom the tiny symbol- of that childish marriHgey aMIfosigw'' ; : - V Id his fast .'will, her -father 'implored bis only.and dearly beloved daughternotforany icaute th set aside that childish marriage, but in obedience to liis life-long wish, to become ler cousin Richmond's wife. Failing to obey Itis wishes, Miss Trevetbon forfeits her right as heiress, and the Trevetbon fortune goes to a remote scion of the family, and she and her cousin ore both left penniless. But Miss Trevethon has no thought of dis obeying her dead father's last wish and will. She holds that marriage of her childhood aacred and binding : the tiny betrothal ring glitters on her bosom, and when Richmond comes home she will many him. Her guardian knows this well, and, trust, ing to her Integrity, allows her unbounded freedom. Since ber retain from tbe French convent, where the better part of her youth had been passed, her life has been a series of successes. Her first season -was a triumph, and she has received some of the very best offers that Belgravia can afford. An earldom with its tempting coronet has been laid at her feet, and she has rejected it, aa she rejected all the others When Richmond comes home she will be come his wife, and make him master of her splendid heritage, the heritage, so rightfully : his own. Richmond lingers abroad, has lingered for years, with the fairest and richest tyide in wide England, awaiting hie coming. But Lenore sa by no means impatient ; she rather dreads his return than otherwise, she loves her girlish freedom so well. She knows little of the man who was ber boy-bridegroom, and is to be. her future husband, for they, have Seen each other only at long intervals, and weiy brief periods. What he is or is notshe has had little opportunities for learning, yet, de spite her repugnance, her utter indifference, whenbe comes, she will obey her dead father's command, and become his wife. Ths baronet knits his brows a trifle darkly at her laughing response, bnthis answer i6 en tirely pleasant. « " Well, well, he is certainly on his way to England this time. We may look to see bim any day now in o week's time, and once here," he adds, with pointed gallantry, "he will never care to leave again." To which flattering assertion the young lody makes no response whatever ; -bnt her chaperon, and the baronet's, bosom friend, Lady Halstead, rising from another sofa, taps bei jewelled snuff-box, as she remarks : — It is most devoutly hoped he will not, for the good of all concerned' myself especially. The sooner he gets here, and tbe sooner the legal wadding is well over, the better I - shall IeKk why ?" "questioned tSe"yonng indv.serenelv. The dowager shnts her snuff-box with a sharp snap. "You ask why, as if yon didn't know. Why, I shall be as gray as a rat in another month or two if I don't get yon well off my bands. Catch me in such_ a fix again I Chen's not a day in the week, Sir GeojErey, out she throws me into a fever with ber fol lies. She is the very maddest madcap outside tl Bedlam." Mi— Trevetbon shrngs ber white shonlders ji imperial scorn, and tbe baronet only flniles. The dowager toys with her snnff-box and sontinnes : "And now, in view of Richmond's return jid theapproaebing wedding, I want to kno w, at the name of common senHe, if yon do not mtend to abandon that absurd trip to the Highlands I" Sir Geoffrey, for answer, merely bows to ward bis ward. 6he lifts her radiant glance irom her open book. 'Our Highland trip cannot be abandoned," <be replies. " We shall leave Lyndith Hail within an hoar." . "As the qaeen wills," responds the baronet, with a seoond bow. It is part and parcel of his policy to indulge his fair ward in all ber wbims, and thia trip to tbe Highlands is one of them. " Aa the queen wills," is his gallant answer to all her requests ; he only asks to manage her vast fortune according to his own will. Lady Halstead tosses her pet poodle, tJqon, from her lap in pure vexation, and the little animal fiea whimpering to the shelter of Lenore's arms. "As the queen wills) Well, Heaven be praised, the qneen's reign will soon end, un less Richmond Trevetbon is as great an idiot as bis father. Til make it my business to give the young man a hint or two whenbe arrives." And 6be nods severly toward Lenore. her black.eyes twinkling with a grim hmnor thataof tent the' asperity of her speech " I'll go to my room aud make ready for the journey. We-willrjgo,;»nd.grill,and starve, and ilesp on the gronnd'Iike cattle, and mix with baitoulato,L-t>ecaiise the queen wills and before a wrek ehds'the qnpen will come home, heartilyiickofherfollyand -with bet complexion finely tanned- for her wedding- day." ' - Vi <V Mywedding-dayz '.reptots Lenore. tos- iing tome her book ahd-etrpkjjog Dijon's silken care. "I'm sick of the shund of it Already. - Dear, dear, Ldo wpnder-where the barbarous custom of xnareying suid being gjyfeh in jnuritoe.ever4mginafodK,Wv;- WSOBtogilBTWWni ' 'r-'rftosiiijfoBS'WttBr' toughsBir Geoffrey. ; v,. ' fef bhly wish it bad- ended, there," re-- torts his ward. " 1'ray, fur Geoffrey, ring thebell.and I'Jlh&ve; Cldtildecome arid dress me." '.' ' ; Sir Geoffrey yipgs and bows low to his ward, as u sbe were indeed a queen and him. eeU her most derated subject. And within an hour a lafge party leave) Lyndith Hal for the Scottish hills. Sir jGcofoejr') partyhaveheen in tfceneigfc. borhood of The bkrohet's sbooting-boxaomo days before Lenore sees her way clear to ac- complisbthe bbjectshetiad tnview,vrbenshe planned the excursion. _ It -is a glorious morning, the air pore And bracing, the sunshine lying warm and golden over the purple moors and shaggy hills, iff C-;- . .. - ; ' - - Miss Trevetbon is put for a long walk. She pantos, wkteEeta if yellow goijie, whentbe? bine smoke from- the shooting-bog- fode) b)- 1 Mud the line of. black Are. '" -Clotilda."ziddres8ing her attendant, "we ;Lady Malstredbss sprained her footand the Aay is graqd-My oriMitrriuto litifeime at bemad, worn toce growing a ahsdp "lore j gbaslly. - I A atrange creature to look at,:is this com panion of Miss Trevelbon's— a creators upon whom the blight of some awful crime, or terrible sorrow, must have-fallen. She ixaot I much past her prime, yet her abnndant hrir iaas white as snow, arid there is a curiotf- look inher iotrorerted>yes,a sphinxdike mys- tery in ber frozen face, that suggests the con dition of a somnambulist. Bat Miss Trevethon is quite fond of thia ber ghostly companion, for since h?r earli est recollection, Olotilde - has been with j her like her own shadow, and wc grow to ' love the creature -with whom we have beta longfamiliar, no matter, how ungainly -they j Lcnure loves this woman, who foHawidier .day and night with the dumb, watchful de votion of a dog; arid if at times, growing impatient of her constant surveillance, tbe young heiress treats her unkindly, she is sure to repent the minute after, aud beg her par- don, which Clotilde readily grants. For, despite her sphtux-face, the pooT soul is ten der and gentle, and devoted to her lovely young mistress. " Black Hollow Grange, Miss Trevo- tbonjw The words fell huskily from her ashen lips. " Black Hollow Grange," repeats Lenore, 1 defiant laugh. "It is over yonder ,uincwhere, in the midst of those black hills! shall be sure to find it ! There, hold your ;«acc, Clotilde, I know what you would say. I know all about the gruesome old house, rhut up since the day and hour of that awful n !wI'r,.heald a,la1)ont foe ghosts, and nil that, bnt 1 m goingjneverLhcless. I tM g» and she brings down ber pretty foot with decided emphasis'. " I've longed to see the place aU my life j I think of. it all day. s nd dream of it at night ; I have a notion) j Clotilde— I have had ever since I heard the awful story, a strange notion that if lean Fefc into that old Grrange1 1 shall find some \- Lenore, for the live ofc 1 Bcrfvear1 fcuh! "And, .wherefore 3 Why, Clotilde, yon Always are ghostly to look at. but now you "face is like chalk, and your knees shake under yon. Wbats the matter ?" 41 Come home, Miss Trevethon. Ifmplors yon !" '' T- 1 My opportunity has come, and Ire waited for it too long to let it slip fa going to Black Hollow Grange 1" 41 But Sir Geoffrey— if be should find out 1" Miss Trevethon snaps her slender white fingers.' 14 Sir Geoffrey won't eat us. I've asked him dozens of times to let me viBit the old place, fc&the; always frowned like an ogre, and said oo. So did Lady Halstead. Tbey don't even know that Pm acquainted with the awful particulars of my poor mother's murder and my father's strange disappearance, bat I nm. I know the whole story from beginning ta end ; old Kisby told mo everything. What an awful thing it was, Clotilde!" Her fresh young face whitens as she tarns It toward her companion, and a shudder rxxas through her lithe frame. \- "Yes, an awful thing, Hiss Lenore; yon should never have heard it, and yon must not think of it how. Gome, let ns go back." 41 1 wont ; I'm going to Black Hollow Grange. As I said the notion haunts metbat once there I shall find some clue by which to oolve . the mystery of my poor father's fate. tbisobiecteoleiyin view whenThlahned. this excursion; for once 1 have outwitted Sir Geoffrey. Come, we've no time to idle ; the station cannot "be fat away. We have the day before ns, and even if we do not succeed in getting hack to-night there will be no great harm done. Wiil you come, Clotilde ? Do yon hear me 2. Why, then do you stand and gaps like enidiot?" , " I can't go, Hiss Trevethon.w ,41 Do you mean it, Clotilde 7 Can it be pos aible that at last, for once in my life, Xaxn to be free of your shadow 7 I am rejoiced at the proBpect, I assure you, and I bid yon good maraing 1" The young lady turnB on her heel with S scornful laugh, but Clotilde's tremulous touch detains her. . « I beg yonr pardon, Miss Trevethon bnt I have tried! to make myself useful to you bU these years." Her white lips quiver and ber eyes fill wltk tears. Poor, desolate soul, "bereft as she has been of every earthly tic and forced to endure living martyrdom, tbe one solitary comfort of her wretched life is her love for heryoung in\Ke po6r meek " face, and instantly repents' of her unkind- ness. " Yon have been useful, my poor Clotilde, and I would not be without you for worlds. There, forgive me, and do not take my silly words to heart." She gives her a carressing pat on the Cheek with her slender, soft hand, as she con tinues : " Come, now, we are friends again. We should never fall out, Clotilde, if you would only Veep in mind the fact that I alwaya do have my way in the end ; and certainly it would be wise to permit me to have it in the beginning, and thereby save yonr breath. "Miss Lenore, I cannot go. For the love of htftven.'do not think of visiting that awful place !" Miss Trevethon'a swift anger blazes up afresh. . "Why not? For fear of encountering the ghosts of my poor murdered father and mother?" she demands. "Heaven rend I might see them ! Alive or dead, in the body or out, they would be most welcome. Why, Clotilde, you are actually shivering. What a coward you inust be. Or, perhaps," she adds, struck by a sudden thought, "yon know something of that terrible mystery? I bave long wondered what secret you carry locked op in your heart, It most be a dreadful one, judging from the look of yonr face. Isitcon- cerning the mysterjrof Black Hollow Grange! Can it be possible, Clotilde, that yon know something and have kept it from trie all these The' woman whitens until her face is like ashes, and she utters a piteous, gasping cry. " Oh, Miss Trevethon, how ohonld I know? Jt is cruel to think I do." Lenore throws aside the hand that clutches at her arm. " Perhaps it Is cruel," Bhe replies ; " bnt, then, if you know nothing of the mystery, yon need have no fear of the ghosts. Onto lor all, will yon come with me or not?" " I carinot." " Then 1 6ball go alone." " Oh, Miss Lenore, stop 1 Yon most not. 6ir Geoffrey would be so angry." " Sir Geoffrey's anger can oooL Stand aside, Clotilde !" She pushes her companion oat of the way . and walks rapidly onward, not deigning another word or glance. Clotilde follows, wringing ber hands in gn agony of distress. Lenore goes on at a rapid pace. She has made up her m-ind to visit Black Hollow - Grange at all iriskg, and in the teeth , of all > Presently the shrill , ehriek of a locomotive - greets her ear, arid she sees a thin cloud of Smoke curling over the summit of a brown bill. Tbe train is coming. Bhe quickens her steps, her heart throbbing with pleasant excitement. A turn in the load brings her in gight of tori 'way station, with its red flag fluttering in the breeze ; andflhe succeeds let reaching the platform just as the shorting engine con»s) hp. . - To be oovrrNtTKD.- Dr. William Wright, whose work, " M- myri and Zenobia," was to be issued is .nugast by Messrs. Thos. Nelson and Sons, visited Palmyra twice, and made extensive excavations and a fresh examination of ths ruins and inscriptions. He had many adven- tiires durfog ten years among the" cities cf Basban and in tne desert, and these may -he "potted to aid in giving local "edjqifejf 1) SHE ; " Eeniy Is He": -"Horrors Don'tlnterroptThla for piration. lam—". ;_v ,, " ' ; ' She ; "My dear, I ' only r wanted to eflj ; that yon Rave dipped youf 'pea Into Ol toffee." " jT ' '' ' ' '< ' "wrv-ftC- 