MStnmps.' 'Stomps,' as he was called in DrR= serland, was a favourite with criminais and— the police. He nad. a bright joke and a kindly word for ail alike; no one had ever seea. him cross, or known him do a mean thins. ?Children hung round him. listening to his yarns ; me lasses always stopped to ban it- r with him ; wMle many a niglit rissmil tae doss-honse fire lie was rht* life of the wretched-looking group, as in fluent, picturesque language he told ghost tales and fairy legends of his native Cotmty Clare, making the nwaehero forget their hunger, their suf ferings, their despair ; and when he had money he was royaliy peu^rons— Tie treated everyone he came a-:-rc«s=. ' Bedad. that fac-t alone bethrays moi tingly Jineag-e' ilf/ke .was desc-eiided from an anciost Irish sovereign), he once said to me, h:\if-mefalir. ?? Sbure. I'm never £0 Isppr as whin dispinslng b-junties.' Indeed. I have known 15s. last itim but two days, though Ue always slept ia a doss-abuse, and the 'only solid food taat passed his lips during that space was onions acd tripe for supper, and a conple of carrots as a miJilay meiL ' My digestion, you eee. is peculiar.' &e; ciMinded on one occasion to a magis trate, after receiving a sentence' of rooneen. days : **it seems to cott--a to nothing hut drink.' ''?Conlcl you not take the pledge, ana ,won}d nor some «ne help yon t-» beop ^t .?'[ a^ked die funetioiary of justice, who, I am sure, in his lieart. saw tac fatJKty of these repeated con*:suaients? to gaol. Mike ruffled hs rc-ush red hair. -nd a gleam of atmiseaipnc darted {nti Sis eyes. ; ' 3Iay it plaise your indsLip.' he said. '' it's tneself was a sblniEj ;.ilf at ,u the Salvation Army— fnr -fur twv- nicntus, ?m' begorra ! in that to'n:- ?£ i'i; did r.ot nreait a: 'silver medal fur timper anee.' ' And where is the ait IU V asked 'he magistrate. Azain Mike'o eyes twiaWe-i and tne oirners of 'his month wo7i--l ' -n' you'll beiaive me, your wr!r? iip. whin Oi came out last to'.iae. from rhc r'si iJenee you wos eo kind is t:. semi nie to fur rnoi health, I pawne-i i; fur a dhrop of the cratnr*. an' tesom '. if 'Di ?Jidn't foind the me-lal a-aiV- silver at all, oat jfet a common bi: of i:n .' ilike's real di£L*i-mn:ure '(is too much for those i-n:-se^r. in-.i they laughed as I-e meant rhem -?- laugrh' and nol)ody enjoyed bis j.-k* ij-jw ibi.ii ae did himself. But laughing at or witii a e.iljirir ?joes not help 'o mend hie ways, .and Mlki's case nad a sad ?:?!?- it, ,:.— I'rom the ??Quiver,' for April. 