ONDIT That A)d*rmtn Benjamin's action in proposing to o b 'tia th* tervitas of so expert engineer in counettioi with tbe City Waterworks has been abundantly justified. That those aapiant City F athers who *o indignantly danouneed tha proposal must now feel proportionately small. That tha raU piyart should giva tha report of M r Tbwaites diligent consideration. That if it beaomei neoeisary to impose an additional water rata still nor* coasidsration will bs neeesiary, That there are not a few people who think it would be unwise to wait* any more money in patching the preiant syetsm. That at last the ratepayers' money should be ear°marked as only available for services likely te be permanent *ad revenue-produeing. That snfflcieDt information has been obtained to decide the identity of ** tbe ghost," That the ebtncee are that tbe spirit will ot walk abroad again. That it oonld be wiehed he would, so that the so cietal whelp might receive the punishment that await* him. Thatthe Wilraot line—involving £200,000 cost — will be the next railway variation before Farliament. That t«t it not be forgotten that this ic al-o “ asurface lin e a c c o r d in g te Patterson. Tbst tborc are some projsoted lints of railway wbiob do flot appear upon tbe eurfaes until the time ia ripe. That even then ih«r* have been oasis, and may be cases again, in which everything conneeved with the project does not appear upon the surface, That M r Fpaaker Brown should enforee tbe ml* w bieb prevent* bon members from reading their speeches. That if it Is allowed in oac ease it must be allowed ia all, and then members of Parliament will be edited in various ways and from various quarter*. Thst the Yiclorian people team to be hatching a good many eggs in regard to the Federal Civil heretic. That they made sure tbat Dr W ellaiton is to be permanent head of tbe Customs, and that M r O airim will boss ol tbs Telegraph Department, That under these aireuHr^.nees Tasmania may as well atceri its claims and declare tbat ite own si. M- Johnston shall b* Federal Statist, Thst K. H . J. is raekoned to be about the imirttBt man in his profession in Australia. T hatthe ''D evil's B rigade" is well represented in the first flight of Federalists. That Barton, Deakin, Wise, O'Oonoor, Kingston, Baker. Turner, and Beid are all wig and gown tn*Q. That ibe chsneei are, therefore, that there will be a big preportion of law in tbe first Federal Cabinet. Tbat tho«« hon mmpbara who think that by detesting the Railway Bill they have mads tbincs snug and comfortable for the rest of the eeaaion are tiigbtiy mistaken. Thft their totion will most likely hare a marked effect on the prospects of the Pobiic Vi orks schedule. Tbat some bon members art not likely to be ia any great harry to proeeed with business. 1 hat Mr C. C. Kingston is understood tobe a candidate for the Federal 8p«akerahip< ik a t hie candidature is not nearly so premature and unreasonable es a candidature wbiob has already been started tor the Tasmanian Speakerebip. That oar Home of Assembly has only three members —except tbe present holder of the office—who ate qualified fer the position, vis, Messrs Bird, Eeibey, and Lewis. T hatthe late Orpbeua MeAdoodid for genuine Ameriacn negra minstrelsy — not for its burlesque type of tha mnsio hall—what ins late Bobert Kennedy did for Scottish song., Tha; be meda u familiar and popular even to alien ears. That the singing of simple plantation hymns end sirs, with tbeir strange mingling of rollicking humor and tendercst patbo*, was everywhere bsileci as a revelation in choral marie. That Derotby Yane, of " L a Foupa* " and " 1 tie Geisha " fame, need to assert emphatically and frequently (hat she intended to get to a nunnery wheo her engagement with tbe Opera Company was up. Tbat tbe lady did protest too amah, aud has utterly fallen from grace by deciding 10 go to a “ pub." Tbat Karl Hopetoun intends to m k « thing* bass. That tbe ataiement that be is bringing out his carriages, horsea, and bnntcrt indicates that soeiaty will have to dip deeply into its poekets< That Endyerd Kipling has still some admirers. That at a resent m atting of the Bydnay University Women's Anoaiation on* of the members (Miss M etres) opened a diseuesien by moving tbat n Hndyard Kipling is a leniue, and that his influence on th* nation is ! good" That an animated discussion earned, and the motion, on being put to tbe meet ini, was carried by aa over- Budyard Kipliiig is a gsniua. Tbat a aurious development of th* elimbiugred roses at Kalu ia reported by the (l Indian Oivil end M ilitary G aieae.” Tbat after having borne red rosea for over twenty years, they have this yesr given oolbing boi pure white blooms, Tbat the correspondent « u only imagine that tbe defioieney of sunshine haa caused tbe usual red ooloring pigment to fail. Tbat in Tasmania out political roi*i have alio played us a trick. That a bad which promised te be a flowsr of tbe purest white has expanded into an unlovely bloom emitting an unpleasant aroma. T hat a detachment of tbe Tasmanian Auxiliary Forae has been formed a Btrahan. That Dr P, J . Godfrey will probably receive tbe oaptainoy. That tbe dootor is a perfect eathusiaet in military matters. That Mr A, O, Borman, who has mads mad* himself prominent in organis* ing tbe detachment, wms one of the cnok Southern shots in th e early eighties. T hat the Tasmanian W ar Office eboula Import the Morris tube. That it is claimed for th# tube th at it enables a man to obtain quicker practice andexperiene* in aiming. T hat this useful invention has tbe great merit of baiog able to teach the would-be shot good results. That not more than four or six rifles seed befitted with the tub* fo r range practice. That the relief of Ladysmith w as tedirectly due to tnc M orris lube prestie* mad* W th e JIaral B rigadft 