VESUVIUS IN ERUPTION. THE BIGGEST DEMONSTKATION OJ? THE OENTUB.Y TRREATKNKD. . The.entire environs ot Vesuvius are in.a state of intense excitement and fear (writes the .London "Daily .News" or-ALay It). _-A volcanic eruption is now taking place, witii a degree of violence unknown lor ' many years. Tremendous explosions, together ?with frequent light, earthquakes and -showers or ashes and enormous 'blazing stones, follow on the. heels of each other alnaoat unceasingly. Kven in Naples the explosions are distinctly heard. It is terrifying to see, as it is easy to do, with the naked'-eye, enormous masses of rock thrown up several hundred metres; while the flames and the reflection and the smoke make the sight- one never to be forgotten: {So far, little damage has been done, out the situation is most menacing. Strange as it may appear, in contrast to the fear o£ the population is the curiosity of tourists, wna have to 'be kept by guides and .gendarmes from running into serious danger, i'our Englishmen who ascended Vesuvius, went beyond the limit indica ted as dangerous by the guides and gend armes. They had not gone far when they were- struck by a m;us.-> of incandescent stone, and received most serious injuries. They were conveyed to Naples, where they now lie-in a'critical condition. . Such is the . vivid-'account just: sent by correspon dents.- Only a'day -or two ago Professor Palmieri, from his observatory, predicted that the symptoms promised the greatest eruption of the century. We fear that his scientific prophecy is about to be fulfilled. Imaginative though.it be, there is no doubt that Bulwer Lytton's description of-- the overwhelming of Herculaneum and'Pompeii falls short ot" the actual reality. Here is the terrible picture which -he paints for us: THE FALL OF DREADFUL SIGHT. The cloud which had scattered so deep a murkiness over the day had now. settled into ^soHd1 -and irmpenefcraible;-mass.: ^It resembled'less even-the thickest gloom o£ the night in the open air than the close and blind darkness d£ some narrow room. But, in proportion as the blackness gathered, did the lightnings around Vesu vius increase in their vivid and scorching glare. Nor was their horrible beauty con fined to "the iisuaP Hues of fire;< no rain bow- ever rivalled their varj^ng and prodi gal dyes. Now brightly blue as the most azure depth of a southern sky; now of a livid and snakelike green, darting restlessly to and fro as the folds of an enormous serpent; now of a lurid and intolerable crimson ' giishing_ forth through the columns of smoke, far and wide, and light ing lip the whole city from arch" to arch then suddenly dying into a sickly paleness like the ghost of its own life! THE RUMBLING OF THE EARTH. ? In the pauses of the showers you heard t'he rumbling of the earth beneath, and the groaning.waves of the tortured sea; or, lower still," and audible but to, the watch of intensest fear,-, the grinding 'and hissing murmur of the escaping gases through che ohasms of the distant mountain. Some times the- eloud appeared to break from its solid mass, and, by the lightning, to as sume quaint and vast mimicries of hu man or of monster shapes, striding across the gloom, hurtling one upon the other, and vanishing swiftly into the turbulent abyss of shade, so that to the eyes and fancies of the affrighted wanderers the un substantial vapors were as the bodily, forms of gigantic foes-the agents of terror and death. ' THE FALLING ASHES. The ashes in many places were already knee-deep; and', the boiling showers which came from the steaming breath of the volcano forced their way into the houses, ?bearing with them a strong and suffocating vapor; In some places the immense frr.j ments of rock, 'hurled upon the "house roofs,-bore down along the streets masses of confused ruin, which yet more and more with every hour obstructed, the way; and, as the 'day advanced; the motion of the earth was more sensibly felt; the footing seemed to slide and creep: nor could ,chariot or litter'be'kept steady, even-on tihe most level ground. THE RED-HOT STOKE SHOWERS. Sometimes the huger stones, striking against each other as they fell, broke into -countless fragments, emitting sparks of fire which caught whatever was combustible within their reach; and along the plains beyond the city the darkness was now .terribly relieved-for several houses, aiid even vineyards, had been set on flames; and at various intervals the fires rose sul lenly and fiercely against the solid gloom. To add to this partial relief of the dark ness, the citizens had, here-and there, in the more public places, such as the porti coes of temples and the entrances to the forum, endeavored to place rows of torches, butli these ' rarely continued long; the showers-and the wind extinguished them, aid the Sudden - darkness in to which their sudden birth was converted had some thing, in it doubly terrible and doubly im pressing on the impotence of "human hopes -the lesson of despair. PtIUri'lVES WILD A'ND HAGGARD. Frequently, by the momentary light of these torches, parties of fugitives encoun tered each other, some' hurrying towards to the land, for the'ocean had retreated rapidly from the shore; in utter darkness the sea, others flying from ; the sea back lay over, it, and upon its groaning and tossing waves the storm, of- cinders and rock fell without the-protectionwhich the streets and roofs afforded to the land. Wild, haggard, ghastly with . supernatural fears,. these groups encountered each other, but without the leisure to speak, to con sult, to advise; ..for the showers fell now ?frequency, -though not, continuously, ex tinguishing ^the. lights which . showed . to each band ^"ae deathlike faces of the other, and hurrying all - to seek-refuge -beneath the' nearest shelter. The whole elements of civilisation were broken :up. . Ever .and anon, by the flickering lights, you saw the thief bustling by the most- solemn autho rities of the law,.laden with, and fearfully .chuckling overi the produce of his sudden" gains. If in the darkness - wife was sud deniy separated from ? husband,: or parent from child, vain was -the hope.of reunion. Each hurried blindly and confusedly, on; Nothing' in. all the versions and- compli cate! machinery of sound1 lifeiyas left save the primal law of self-preservation. ' WILD SHRIEKS OF WOKEN. In parts where the ashes lay dry and un comrmxed with the boiling -torrents cast upwards from the mountain at capricious intervals, the surface of the earth presen ted -a leprous and ghastly white. In other places, cinder and rock lay matted in heaps, from beneath which might be seen tire: hali-irid limbs of some crushed and mangled fugitive. The groans of the dying .were broken by the wild shrieks of wo men's terror-now near, now distant which, when heard in the utter darkness, ?were rendered doubly appalling by the crushing sense of helplessness and the un certainty of the perils around; and clear and distinct through all were the mighty and various noises lroin the Fatal Moun tain; its rushing winds; its whirling tor rents: and from time to time, the burst and roar of some more liery and. fierce ex plosion. A°nd ever as the winds swept howling along the street they bore sharp streams of burning dust, and such sicken ing and poisonous vapors as took away, for the instant-, breath and . consciousness, fol lowed 'by a rapid revulsion of the arrested blood, and a tingling sensation of agony trenfbling through every nerve and fibre of the frame. THE WALLS OF IIELL. Suddenly the place became lighted with an intense and lurid glow. Bright and gi gantic through the darkness, which closed around it like die walls of hell, the moun tain shone-a. pile of fire! Its summit seemed riven in two; or rather, above its surface there seemed to rise two monster shapes, each confronting each, as Demons contending for a world. These were of one deep Wood-red hue of fire, which lighted up the whole atmos phere far and wide; but below the nffcher part of t'he mountain was still dark and shrouded, save in three places, a down which flowed, serpentine and. irregu lar, rivers of molten lava. Darkly red through the .profound gloom of their tanks, they flowed slowly on, as towards the de voted city. Over the broadest there seemed to spring a cragged and stupendous arch, from winch, as from the jaws of 'hell, gushed the sources of the sudden Phlege .thon. And through the stilled air was heard t'he rattling o'f the fragments of rock, hurtling one upon another as they .were borne down the fiery cataracts-darkening, for one instant, the spot, .where they fell, and suffused the next in . the burnished ? hues of. th&flood-along1; which ithey floated! \- ? 'Such are the dire possibilities oi "Vesu vius. 