SPORT JOTS THE TURF. A well - known Northern sportsman interviewed me during the week, and queried as to how I would deeonbe fast Saturday's T.R.C. meeting. I admitted that I was in a bit of a quandary, bnt would do my best to fret out of the diffi culty by likening it to some of the pony meetings we see end hear of round about Melbourne and Sydney, where foul riding and 'etiff-uns' are the order of the day. Never in the history of my racing expon Atir-n liKve 1 witnessed Bnoh a combination of circumstances that would degrade the sport as those whioh took place at Elwick on Saturday. We most call them unfor tunate circumstances, because tbey oo ourred through no fault of the management, the stewards striving to So their duty with out fear or favor, and they were kept so bnsy during the day settling disputes and dealing out punishment to jockies wbo abased racing law, that if they overlooked any discrepancies (I think they did in the case of a runner in the Hurdle Eace), they are to be forgiven. Where ramng dubs are wealthy, there is little doubt that the paid steward is an advantage, but we cannot afford that sort of thing in Tasmania, and even if we could, wo must not overlook the fact that the pout of hon. steward is do sinecure. On Sat urday the T.E.O. stewards were kicked from pillar to post. Ninety per cont I of their actions were severely criticised by whom-why, by people who had their pockets touched. It was monetary matters making a noise, fair play for the nonce being entirely forgotten. During a racing oareer extending over something like 26 years Saturday was the second occasion on which Mr Agnew protested against a winner; vet when he protested against Grandee on the ground that his rider inteifered with Timbrel at t'ue 6nish for the Anniversary Handicap, a bowl of indignation went up from the backers of Grandee. How ever, the stewards were equal to the oooa sion, and after careful inquiry, upheld the protest, and awarded the race to Timbrel : 1L1--11.-.. 11.*. nntaa^avannn WAN fmnidflntnl or otherwise I am not prepared to say, and until the objectionable Star chamber busi ness is done away with, and the press Bllowed to be present at the inquiries, dis Batisfaction will exist in the minds of the public, who are the principal support of racing, and as such are entitled to know what is going on when their money i» at stake. Let the stewards, who are men above suspicion, throw their doors open to the press, and the publio will be supplied with particulars of what comes to light at these inquiries. The stewards went further, by disqualifying Grandee's rider for three months for foul riding, and they also fined Royalty's rider for dealing unfairly with some of bis opponents during the running of the race. They might have gone another step and censured Stebbings for getting so close to Grandee in the ran borne. I repeat that nearly every raoe on the programme was marred by some bad judgment or crooked doings. The Trial Handicap was lost to Swift through Stebbings going to sleep when be thought he bad the raoe won. 'Johnny Armstrong' had a terrific bold on one runner in the Burdle Raoe. Foul riding was rampnnt in the Anniversary Handioap, besides, at least, one competitor being out for an airing with a view to better things at the February meeting. And the Flying Handicap, well, to detail the proceedings hnth hpfnrA nnd after tha start for this race would be too funny for the ordinary sport ing reader to digest. In the faoe of all this there was some slashing good raoing, the finishes for the Anniversary Handioap, Trial Handicap, and Flying Handicap being worth a long journey to see, the newly- appointed banuicapper scoring a decided victory. Secretary VVestwood was as busy and as obliging as ever ; and needless to say (as they always are at Elwiok)the general arrangements were the acme of per fection. With a good 'gate,' and £1870 10s passing through tbe totalieators, the olub will do very little barm financially. Racing commenced with tbe Trial Handi cap, for whioh the handsome Obesterman filly Swift was made favorite. The only other runner backed for money being Bain bow. Inside the distanoe Swift seemed to have the race at her mercy, but ' Granny ' was caught napping, and another Chester man filly, Coomassie, ooming very fart, beat tbe favorite by a neck. Dividend, £7 Us. Punchinello was selected as tbe correct pea for the Hurdle fiace. The wellper formed Algernon bad a large following, and the much- improved Elon bad plenty of sup porters. When the flag fell, tbe favorite took a back bertb, and stayed there. Elon was always near the front division, and stalling off a late run from Algernon, he won very easily. Elon is a much- improved horse, and promises to tarn oat a useful hurdleracer. Dividend, ta. Half-a-doten was the main for the Anni versary Handioap, and in view of reoent form, punters fastened on to Boyalty as a likely winner. The Timbrel party planked their shekels down freely,' and that cute customer Dick Taylor, was quietly oonfident about The Scotchman. After a succession of colIii-ioDs.in which Timbrel, Tlie Scotchman, and Boyalty suffered more or less, tbe issue was left to the outsider Grandee and Tim brel, the former squeezing home by half a length, bat a protest against Grandee's rider for striking Timbrell across the head was upheld, and Timbrel declared the winner. Dividend, £1 12s. Carrying the Waverley spots, Petherton was picked out as the best of tbe lot that contested the High-Weight Handicap, the heavily burdened Bnnyip being next in demand, backers having evidently over looked Goomassie's form in tbe first raoe allowed him to again leave the paddook at an outside prioe, but money don't always make them win, and after Bnnyip had carried his biir load in front for most of the journey, Oooiuaeeie appeared on the soene, ard won comfortably. Dividend, £7 16s. Veraoity was a slightly better favorite than Grandee for the Jumpers' Flat, but Grandee is one of tbe out and oome again sort, and he Lent tho Northern mare in a canter. Dividend, £1 Ob. The presence of Faith drove most of the entrants out of the Flying Handicap, the starters only numbering four, two of them, Faith and Bettina, bailing trom Doyle's stable. Faith was made a regular sooraher in the betting, and when their heads were turned for home, she looked a oertain winner. In the twinkling of an eye some thing went wrong with the works, Meraeylea coming very fast from the tail end of tbe field, and making a dead beat. Dividends, Merseylea, £2 Is ; Faith. 6s. A ran-ofl was decided npon, and again backers laid odds on Faith, but all to no tune, ae Mereeylea beat her in a oommon oanter. Dividend, £1 !s. To-day nominations close with Mr. A. T. Gibson, for the Midland Athletio Associa tion sports meeting, whiob takes plaoe at Woodbury on the day after Boxing Day. On Monday next nominations close with Mr Tom Wright, for the Boxing Day meet of tbe Richmond Bacing Club ; and at 10.30 p.m. to-dBy week, Mr Tom Hodgman will olose bis entry list for tbe Brighton New Year's Day carnival. Weights have been deolared for the WeBt Coast A.J.C. Boxing Day meet. Grandee iB lop weight in the Straban Cup aud Ladies' Bracelet, and if he makes the jonrney to Straban, one or both events should fall to Doyle's charge. Owing to unfavorable weather, tbe Batohers' Booing Olab postponed their meeting from Wednesday until to-day. A train leaves town at 1.10. and the first rue will start at 8 o'clock. My selections are as under : Trial Handicap : SORELLA— 1 BlSDON— 2 WooLwieH or LtTTLE Mac— 8. Hurdle Baoe : Bat Queen— 1 Magazine— 2 Boston— 8. December Handioap : Thb Pbeh, with a start ; in bis absenoe The Pbebkss— 1 Stakina— 2 Josephine— 8. Jumpers' Flat t Magazine— I Palm— 2 Woolwich— 8. High- Weight Handicap : Bettwa or Palm— 1 Josephine— 2 Little Mao— J. Tbe celebrated St. Albans breeding ?state was sold en Monday to Mr B. Govett, of Qaeemland, tbe prioe being £14,900. To tbe surprise of not a few. Bill of Portland is to be allowed to return to England, Mr W. Allison being the purchaser at 4900 guineas. Wallaoe went to Mr J. V. Smith at 760 guineas ; and Havoo to Mr O. Bald win, at 780 guineas. Several of tbe brood mares brought good prices, as tbe follow ing figures will show : Melodious, 600 guineas; She, 450 guineas ; Bonnie Bosette, 700 guineas, Emmie, 476 guineas. Lady Oar bine, 400 guineas ; Elsie, 626 guineas ; Tostile, 460 guineas ; Nada, 460 guineas ; Majesty, 425 gnineas ; Madowla, 486 guineas ; Elusive, 626 guineas ; Symmetry, 460 guineas. The live stock realised a total of 22,900 guineas. Tha Rnhurt Torf Olnb raoe airain at lisdon-park this day week. Present lndi jatioDs point to a bumper day. At a oommittee meeting of the T.B.G., jeld on Tnesday, a loss of between £16 and £20 was reported over Saturday's meeting, [t was decided to vote £6 towards the Ifonagban Memorial Fund. Eesnlts at Aspendale-park last Wednes 3ay : Maiden Plate, Mat ; Jumpers' Flat, Martyr ; Trial Handioap, Hearsay ; Aspen lale-park Handicap, Short Gown : Steeple ahase, Breadalbane; Welter Handioap, Eruger. On Saturday last Satanella dropped a nicely-shaped filly foal got by Onaulator. Satanella's owner, Mr George Davis, is iostly proud ot the newoomer. At the sale of Mr G. A. Sowton's horses, held at Perth (W.A.), laBt Tnesday, G. Bolger bought Onoe More for 220 guineas, An ofier of 860 guineas for Treasure was refased. When the but mail left England, L. Beiff beaded the list of winning jockeys, with the Eoglisb rider, S. Loatee. close up, the fignrea being— Beiff, 127 ; Loate«,l25. The Batburst(Vic) sportsman Mr Joseph Toeman, died last week. He was b brother of the once celebrated jockey Billy Toeman. Our Bobs, a half brother to Chelsea, has suocumbed to injuries received through coming into collision with Beel on tbe training track. It will be remembered that Reel died directly afrer the collision. The well-known comio character. Will Whitbnrn, who also follows up trotting, was disqualified for three months at the Bioh mond (Vic.) meeting, last week, for sus picious practices in oonneotion with bis driving of Othello in a trotting race. The horse wsb also sent out. Old Whakawatea, has canght it hot in both the Villiers and Garrington Stakes. In tlie former event he has been allotted 9-12, and in the latter 10-0. War God oconpies post of honor both in the Bummer and Tattersalls Oupe with 9-5 in each raoe. Two smart sprinters in Ooralie and Blae Cap II., have resumed work at Eandwiok. Dick Taylor lias worked wonderful im Srovement in Elon, and he also has The ootchman looking remarkably well. The last-nameil seemed, if anything, a bit on the big side on Saturday, and he may be seen to better advantage in February, thot is providing Taylor can keep him on Mb legs. Two of the finest looking fillies I have seen for some time are the two Ohestermnns — Coomassie aud Swift. They are not only good looking, but they oan both gallop. Another of the Chestertnan progeny in Bee Chester, is also well spoken of by Northern sportsmen. The Sydney horses. Auld Lang Syne , Puillabeg, and Twine tbe Plaiden, are to be spelled. Jenioo it in work again at Owlfield, Sim Soobie baa swept the board in the Oan noes so far this season, and with Maltster, Clean Sweep. Tbe Bride, La Cara bine, Paul Pry, and Milliades to seleot from, he will go develish near capturing the Aus tralian Cop. In Melbourne last week Andrew Geog hegan was fined £100 for street betting. For tbe same offence Percy Pilober was fined J.E. Brewer was in form at Epsom on Saturday, his gelding Boioommon winning a double— the Welter Handicap and Epsom Handicap. Boscommon is by Sunrise, and reported to be particularly slick goods when be is thoroughly fit. In both races Brewer, for a wonder, got a *ood price about bis horses, especially at Lewis was in the pig skin. In a pretty good field, 6 to 4 was taken about Lewis's mount, Gosport, for the Hordiallio Handioap. This time punters got badly left, as Gosport failed to get a plaoe, the winner taming up in Glanroy, with oar old acquaintance, Benedict, in third plaoe. The Trial Handicap went to Mslua ; Hurdle Baoe to that twicer Trent ; Bteepleohase to Wilfred. Besnluat Moorefield (N.B.W.) last Satur day; Eogarah Stakes, Amalgam ; Bexley Handioap. Nabpro ; Tiamway Handicap, Latem ; Nuraery Handicap. Loch Lochie j Bookdale Handioap, Portagne j Shorts Handicap, Benedick. Mo Trahen has become the owner of that unlucky mare Alix. She will be despatched to India at once. Mr O. F. Glaecock's recant purobafes, Skylark, Pearl Skipper, fiona, Malleolus, are also under orders for India. The bracelet won by the pony Piokles some years ago, was lost at Epsom on Satur day. Wairiri, winner of tbe West Australian Derby, is on her way to Viotoria to join Soobie's stable. Martin Boaoh has decided to reside in tbe South, and has taken np his quarters at tbe Baoeoonrte Hotel, Glenorohy. Boach has got a nioe team in work, and be will be a decided acquisition to Southern racing olubs. Dum Dum and Cioero, tbe property of the Sontb Australian apart, Mr John Crazier, have arrived in Melbourne to go into J. E. Brewer's stable. Whippet racing is beooaing the rage in England. Years ago, the whippet was only used by the miners to course rabbits on the running grounds around Newoaatle, Wolverhampton, Oldbam, and Sheffield, now they race him there, and the swells have also taken him up. and handicaps are run regularly at tbe Crystal Palaoe and Alexandra Park. The course is usually 200 yards straight, whioh the dogs oover at the rate of at least 17 yards per second. On well regulated courses they are separated by canvas barriers. Dogs are originally handicapped according to heiirht — there being an allowance of 21b to 81b per inoh until their performances are very well known. The whippet is a onus of the English terrier and greyhound. They run in weight.from 161b np'to 801b, are longei in the thighs than the real greyhound, more arched in the back, and run very close to the ground. At Oagood (U.S.A.) recently, a negrc jockey was wrapped in a blanket and placed on a tin roof in order to reduce bii weight 121b. This railing, he was buriec in a manure heap np to hie neck, and came out at the desired weight in twelve hours time. CRICKET. Poor Derwent is in it up to their neoks (I mean in the field) after the drilling they have been eubjeoted to daring the last tew Saturdays. Captain Bailey and bis merry men reasonably expeoted a little respite, but they were denied it. On the previous Saturday Derwent lost nine wiaketa for 291. On resuming on Saturday the last man in failed to score, and Break o'Day took their place at their wickets, and stayed there all the afternoon, call of time showing six wiokete down for 872, Harold Hale knocking up 161 in first- clsES style. Hi« innings was the result of oricket as it should be played, his hitting was hard and clean, and his timing excellent. Just after Hale passed hisoenturyhe hit a ball to the chains, but in doing so knocked one of bis bails off with tbe bat ; an appeal followed, but as the nmpire (L. MoLeod) fid not see the ooourrenoe, he adjudged the batsman not out. (Snrely tbis was a case in whioh MoLeod should have appealed to the umpire at the otner end). Next to Hale Eady was the bright particular star, his 88 buiug the outoome ot steadier credit than he usually plays. Ted Luoos made 48, O. W. Butler 84, and W. Abbott remains not out with 12. Littli neia be nid of th« bowling, P»ton and K. Bailey being tbe moat sucoesBful. with two wiokets each. Play will be re sumed this afternoon. Wellington concluded their match against New Town on Saturday, the former winning by seven wiokets. Scores— Wellington, 164 and three wiokets for 12 ; New Town, 68 and 112\. Norman Dodds was in great trund ling form, his analysisjreading: first innings, 8 for 87 ; eeoond innings, 6 for 84. The matob Cornwall v. Launceston was resumed on tbe Northern Association Ground on Saturday, and resulted in a win for Cornwall on the first innings. The sooreB were— Cornwall 117 and 229, Laun ceston 107 nnd no wickets for 109. Wind sor gained the first century of the season by patting ap 114 for the winning olab. He was only at the wiokets for an hour and a quarter, and he rattled them up in fine style. He also captured five of the enemy's wiokets. Lannoeston opened well in their eeoond innings, for when time was oalled Kissling and James could not be separated, their ecoreB being 79 and 25 respectively. The Hobart and Endeavor match was oonolnded but Saturday, and resulted in a win for the latter by an inningB and 160 runs. Soores :— Hobart 68 aud 48, Endea vor S61. F. Hanson played patient and defensive crioket for bis 106 not out, Les Hanson retired at 70, and Abb Richardson compiled a neat 26. The bowling honors were divided between Green. Hooper, and F. Hanson, who eeoared five for 27, four for 16, and five for 26 respectively. For Hobart, Free and Young were the only ones to reach donble figures, and Young was »leo the mosteuooessful bowler. To-day will see Hobart and Jaoks for the eeoond time. CYCLING. The constables of Spalding England were terrified by the apparition of a ghost on a trioyole in tbe main street of the town re oently. Constable Johnson, recovering his nerve, pursued the phantom and made a laughable disoovcry. The tpook was a Free Met ho list parson who was riding in hie sleep —also in 'the altogether,' relieved only by a short shirt. Aroused, be apologised, profusely began to shiver, and rode home at a furious rate. The Anstral Wheel Baoe carnival opened auspioioosly last Saturday on the Melbourne Cricket Ground, attendance (abont 16,000) nod raoing Al. Ae far as raoing was conoerned, the day will long be remem bered by all present as ' Martin's Day,' for tbe big-aearted rider pat up the most meri torious and remarkable sequence of winning rides y«t witnessed on any Australian track. Starting off with the first heat of the M.B.O. Plate, ' Plugger Bill ' captured heat after heat, final after final, until be had eoored eight successive wins, and all against the picked riders of Australia. Tbe last event of the day, the final of the Com monwealth Stakes (£76), saw the Yankee's first and only defeat. Martin being so ex hausted with his previous efforts, it wae hardly to be expected that he would be able to sustain his remarkable series of wins, and so events proved, for although tbe American rode a game race, be could do no better than ran third to that promising Dunlop rider George Morgan. The fol lowing are tbe results :— M..B.O. Plate, 1 miles (£60, £20, and £S)-W. Martin 1st, F. 8. Beauohamp 2nd. A. E. Ohampnee 3rd. Uommouwealtn Biases, soratcn. raoes, I mile (£20)— W. Martin let. D. J. Walker 2nd, and A. J, Body 3rd. Two miles (£20)— W. Martin let, G. Morgan 2nd, B. LewiB 3rd. Three miles (£20)— W. Martin 1st, G. Morgan 2nd, I. Lawcon 8rd, Five miles (£76. £20, and £6)— G. Morgan 1st, D. Walker 2nd, and W. Martin 3rd. Martin won in stakes the sum of £126. Tbe meet ing will be oontinaed to- day, when the heats of the Austral Wheel Baoe will be run off. The Dunlop Tyre Co., Melbourne, intend shortly testing tbeir 2} horse power De Dion motor trioyole over tbe famous Warrnambool to Melbourne road race course, a distanoe of 168 miles. It is more than likely that H, B. James, the ex-racing cyclist, will make tbe trip, and will en deavour to Bhow what one of these upto date machines is capable of doing. The express train from Melbourne to tbo popular seaside resort takes 6 hours 88 minutes over the journey, whilel the ordinary train time is 7 hours 10 minutes. The oyole reoord over the same course is bold by J. Carpenter, who, favoured by a strong southerly wind, oorured the distaDoe in 8 hours 40 minutes 16 seconds. It remains to be seen what time an ordinary (i.e., not fitted up for raoing purposes) roadster De Dion trioycle oan oorer the 168 miles iu, An innovation is being tried by the Itelbourne Bioyale Club this year in oon i ration with the running of the Austral Wheel Bace beats to-day. For the last two years only tbe first man in eaoh teat and two or three of the fastest eeoonds nave qualified for the final, whereas this resr'a eventB will be ran on totally different lines. Ten heats are to be run, the first, second, and third man to be taken, but only bhe first man to qualify for the final. The ten seooud men will then meet in a separate beat, the first, second, and third men to start in the final. A third heat will oonsiit nf the remaining ten third men, the first and second of whioh will also qualify; making a total of fifteen riders in the final. The above idea certainly appears a first class one, and should p'ore a long way more satisfactory both to the raoing men and publio than the old arrangement, whereby only the first man in eaoh heat qualified. In reference to the £20 offered by the Dunlop Tyre Co. to the person who sends in to tbe Company the moat suitable name for the snoond grade tyre they intend plaoing nn the market to meet tbe existing demand for a good wearing tyre at a low figure, the Company state that competitors oan send in as many names as they ohoose, the only stipulation being that the names are to Uategi sent in on separate slips of paper. ^E J. Green and J. Parsons, the two worst sufferers from the rncent fall at the East Melbourne Bnoe Meeting are progressing as favonrably as oan be expected considering the nature of their injuries. It is more than likely that a complimentary meeting will be tendered Green a week or so after the Anstrol meeting. No rider oould be more deserving of a benefit than the popular English crack, who will sustain a serious loss through being unable to ride properly for some considerable time. It ie a peculiar fact that whilst the trees yielding indiarabber are well distributed ovei- tbd tropical parts of tbe world, the tree which furnishes gutta-perohi only nourishes in the Malay Arohipalago, YACHTING. The Derwent Yacht Olub held their open ing raoe of the season last Saturday. Owing to insufficient boats turning oat for the open class, this race fell through. Four tarters lined ap for the Cruisers' Baoe, the handicaps being : Fairlie and Volant scratch, Mistral 3mm ; Maysie 4inin. After a splendidly contested raoe, the Volant crossed the line exaotly 4min in advance of the Maysie, the raoe thus resulting in a dead heat between Maysie and Volant. 