Items of News. There was no sitting of the Coolgar die Warden's Court yesterday. , Fine, moderate weather is predicted for to-day by the Government Astrono mer. ' - ' * Mr R. S. Allan, until lately' engineer to the Coolgardie Municipal Council, left for Perth en route for New Zealand by the express yesterday. Mrs Seacombe, who is now under treatment at. the Kalgoorlie Govern ment Hospital for a razor cut in the throat, apparently self-inflicted, seems to be progressing fairly; towards re covery. ? ? Subscribers to the Kalgoorlie Miners' Institute arc advised that nominations of candidates for. the committee for the ensuing year niust be lodged with the ?secretary,. Mr J. T. Gibson; not later than Saturday next. In deference 'to, the. wish of the resi dents, it nas been decided to postpone the patriotic 'concert ,in. aid of;.the War Fmid at Biirbanks till February 16', the night after- the Coolgardie concert. The miners at Burbanks. are very enthusias tic, in reference to. the concert, which should be a great success. ' ' ! ' In the' Kalgoorlie Police Court yes terday Sergeant Smith secured a fur ther remand, for the nominal period of .eight days, in the case of; George Blun derfield, who is accused of a vile of fence upon a child. It was. explained that the child was not yet in a condi tion allowing of her presence in Court. Dr/ Leschen, whoyhas been appointed .to the charge of the -;Government Hos pital at Jarrahdale, left Coolgardie by the express yesterday for the sphere of his new duties. . A large number of people, including the matron and a number of nurses' of the Coolgardie Hospital, visited the station to bid fare well to Dr. and Mrs Ldschcn. . ' . The following notice was issued by the. Foreign Office' in London last month :— Information has been receiv ed that, agents from the Boer Govern ment arc endeavoring to .purchase some of the residual products of gasworks.All manufacturers are cvvarned to-be cau tious as to accepting such offers to pur chase coming from any new or un known quarter, as it may amount to the offence of trading with the enemy. The following companies were regis tered at the Supreme Court last week :— Han'nans Find Gold Reefs,, Limited, power of attorney to R. N. Wells, office ,2, Solomon's Buildings, Hannan-street, Kalgoorlie fTSurb .Gold Mines, Limited, power of attorney to G, W. Hall, office Lindsay-street, Coolgardie ; and Tra falgar Gold Mines, Limited, power of attorney to W. J. Isbister, office Han iian- strcet, Kalgoorlie. Private Coulter, of. the first Victorian contingent, writing from Enslin camp on December 11, mentioned that the Australians were congratulated by' Colonel. Miles on their march to the Moddcr River. He also reports a pain ful incident that occurred shortly after they, left Orange River. It appears that one' of- the Shropshire Regiment, on sentry duty,' challenged two of his comrades whom he failed to recognise. They did not reply ? correctly, and the sentry shot them dead- on -the spot When the 'sentry discovered who the men were he fainted, and subsequently lost his reason. '- A man named John Harris appeared befdne Mr F. Hare, R.M., in the Kalgoorlie Police Court on Tuesday morning to answer the charge that he had behaved in a disorderly manner in a public place. The offence was found proved, and Harris was fined £1, with the alternative of 21 days' improsonment. For resisting the police Harris was given another £1 fine. Thomas Muir was required to pay £1 for- having incited Harris to resist lawful arrest; and the Bench being satisfied as to the correctness.of a charge of idleness and disorderliness against Muir, further directed that the man be imprisoned for a month with hard labor. Frederick Nicholson was obliged to pay^i for the offence of ine briety. . ' In the matter of -William Wil liams, accused of the larceny of a suit of clothes, the police secured a remand until next day. John Cadwallader did not succeed in a wages claim against Edward Ham ence, as a receipt was put in which pointed to a settlement of obligations by Hamence. William Ryves was proceeded against on the charge that he had been drinking ex cessively to the injury of his health. After hearing evidence from the ac cused's wife, the R.M. directed that Ryves h« put on the (urphibition list fos six mojiLths., __.-.'??'? 'Some of you hotel-keepers forget that you are the servants of the public, and not their masters.' . Thus Warden. Finnerty in the Coolgardie Police Court yesterday. Last evening a large gathering of railway employees was held at the Royal Hotel, when the president of the Engine-drivers, Firemen, and Clea ners' Association (Mr. W. R. Tre noweth) was presented with a gold chain and locket (the latter suitably in scribed) for his untiring energies in the men's interests during the recent strike. A detailed account of the proceedings will appear in to-morrow's issue. On Saturday a breakdown occurred at Mingenew,-;on the Midland Railway, to the train from Geraldton to Perth. It appears that on the arrival of the train at Mingenew, at 1.30 a.m., the engine broke down, and a fresh loco motive had to be obtained fr,om Walk away. The breakdown necessitated a delay of four and a half hours at Min genew. Some of the time, however, was made up on the journey south of Mingenew, and' passengers reached Perth about two and a half hours late. On Friday last, at the invitation of Mr R. J. Sharkey, J.P.j the Mayor and a number of leading residents and several Norseman visitors proceeded to the Esperance Bay Land Co.'s town site, the occasion being the opening of the tram line constructed between the two jetties, which was a condition im posed by the Government in granting the company permission to land duti able .goods at their jetty. The tram line is intended for goods only, but trucks were fitted up specially to con vey the party. They ran smoothly, and there was an enjoyable trip. At Esperance refreshments were provided in one of the company's buildings. The line was declared open by the Mayor,, and several toasts were honored. The London 'Daily Chronicle' says : — We print a letter from Mr. Stead, who^asily outshines all other alarmists. He sees 'A Superior Jameson Raid' by 60,000 Frenchmen on London in the absence of the Channel fleet. :To achieve .this remarkable venture our neighbors would have to turn out their present Ministry, and substitute a crew who_ would not go through the for mality of declaring war. Perhaps M. Deroulede will emerge from gaol for this congenial business; but how are the raiders to cross the Channel? By flying machines? Has Mr. Stead cal culated the number of transports that would be needed, and the time it would take to collect men ? Not at all. .Such prosaic details have not even occurred to him. He seriously believes that the whole expedition might be planned and executed before the Chan nel fleet could 'be brought from . the Mediterranean. This kind of non sense may compete with ghost stories at Christmas, but it has nothing to do j with the serious affairs on which the nation is now occupied. 