THE CUP FINAL. A FOOTBALL STORY. In the early part of last year I was up in Highborough; doing some Assize Court business for the Yard, and dur ing my stay there I put up with Johnson, the Chief of the City Police, who used to be with us. Happening to enter Lawrence's Temperance Hotel one day I was sur prised to find in one of the waiters there a man who had received a lot of at tention from us in London. He was one of a betting clique, and had got mixed up in several very shady transac tions, but so far had succeeded in keep ing outside the meshes of the law. For some little while we had lost sight of him, .and I was coneiderably sur prised to find him posing as waiter in a temperance ho:el. ' Hm,' said I to myself, ' there is mischief brewing here, I know. Rayn= dell (that is the waiter) has some deep plot on, or he wouldn't be here, and I'll do my best to find it out.' I managed to leave the place without his discoverinig my identity, and on getting back to the station made a few inciries of Johnson about the waiter :at Lawrences. 'I'm sorry I can't tell you anything' about him, said Johnson, ' but 'I'l find out.a few particulars about him-his address and so forth-if you wish.'. ' Thanks, I wish you would-as soon as convenient.' ' By the bye,' said Johnson, ' here are some letters for you which came by the midday past.' Amongst the letters was a circular by book post. The envelope containing it was an ordinary large business one, oblong, with its flap tucked inside in stead of being stuck down. To my surprise, on pulling out the flap I found a post card had slipped inside, and so escaped the vigilance of the postal officials. .. By an extr:iordinary coincidence, the card was addressed to a man in High borough, which was certainly remark able, considering the stamp had not been defaced, showing that the card must have slipped into the envelope before the letters were sorted in London -where the circular was posted. The address on it was 'R. Henry, Esq., y7, Beaconsfield Terrace, West Road, Highborough,' and the back bore the followingundated, unaddressed' message; ' Glad to hear all is serene. Shall r.bme,up by 6.30 p.m. train [from Euston on Thursday. Meet me, with out fail.-J. B.' I felt interested. Who was' J. B. J. B: ! Surely I know those initials. Thera was a James Bailey who was one of the bettjng set that Rayndell was associated with in town--a.bookmaker of the most razor edged variety. - But, of couise hundreds of people's initials were J. B.,' yet -they were not book makers or suspicious characters 1 Still, for curiosity's sake, I will meet the 6.30 train-which arrived at.:High borough at ri 20- on Thursday night (this was. on Wednesday), and see the persons thus so curiously brought under my notice. Having copied into msy ipocket book the address and message on the card, I slipped out with it to the post office over the way, and handed it to one of the clerks, with explanations as to how it came into my possession. On returning to the station I was greeted by Johnson with : ' say, old man, I've found out about that man at Lawrence's. His name is Henry.' ' Henry be hanged !' I returned. It's nothing of the sort, but Rayndel:. Henry, indeed !' ' Perhaps he had urgent reasons for changing it !' suggested Johnson. Possibly,' I replied. Then suddenly remembering that the post card was addressed to ' R. Henry,' I said, ' But where does he live ?' 'In lodgings, at 07 Beaconsfield Terrace, West Road.' I gave a long whistle of surprise. ' Why, what's up? Anything the matter ?' queried my friend. 'I fear there's a great deal the ma:ter,' was my reply, and I told Johnson of Rayndell's and Bailey's previous careers, and of the address and message on the post card I had received In so strange a manner. Mly business at the court allowing me plenty of spare time, I reconnoitred Beaconstield Terrace, a row of shabby genteel, bay windowed villas with short gardens in front, situated in a very quiet locality. L Rather an expensive place for a mere hotel waiter to lodge in,' thought I, for No 17 looked really smart and nice. 'There's something deep be hind all this, I feel certain. But how to discover It ? That's the thing. Ah, I have it ' Going up to No. 17 I knocked, and the door was opened by what I judged to be the landlady, a cery respectable looking woman dressed in black. ')ses Mr Henry live here ?' I in quired. ' Hedoes. But he is not in now. ' Not in ? WVhat a psty. But per haps you can tell me where I can find him, or at what time he will be back ?' 'He won't return till after elever. he never does, and I haven't the faintest idea where y-u could find him : he goes out for the whole day.' 'How very unfortunat- ! We were intimately acquainted in London, and I wanted to see him most particularly. I can't very well call again, as I'm leaving the town. W\ould you mind taking me to h:s room and letting me write a couple of lines to him ?' 'Certainly not- come this way,' she replied, takming me into the front roam. ' What a jolly, comfortable little place he has, the lucky dog !' I re marked, looking round -as the landlady brought out the necessary writing materials. ' That's what another gentleman of his, who came to spend a couple at days with him last week, said,' she returned, with pride and pleasure. 'Hc is coming again late to-morrow n-gnt, to stay till Sunday for the great fo ball match.' ' Indeed i' I replied, and writing a few common place non committal renu,rks ofa touting nature, I sraled thrmi, in an envelope addressed to 'Henry,' and thanking the woman gau her the envelope to deliver and trnt left the house, highly satisfied with the results of nmy scheme for dis covering the exact room occupied by' Henry.' Tie next evening, as soon as it was dark, I rolled out to the deserted road where Beaconsfield Terrace was situated, bearing with me a boy's small football, while my upper .lip boasted a dark, heavy moustache-an effectual disguise for mte. Making sure thati no one was about, I cautiously entered the garden of No 17, and threw the football through the glass of the bay side window. Into ' Henry's' rooh it went with a terrific crash, leaving t huge hole-or, at least, only a' ragged edge of glass-in the window frame. I did not stop to see- any further \re suit, but, regaining the toad, sped aldng in the shadows for all I was worth: Then, about half an hour later, re turning to No. 17, I knocked, :and the same woman caiae to the door. 'Good'evening !':I began, in falseto. ' When my little. boy returned home minus his football just now I dis covered it had been sent through, you window. Please accept my sincerest apologies for what you must kniow was purely an accident, and if you wi!l, tell me what it will cost to remedy the damage and repay for your trouble, I shall be only too pleased to reconm 'pense you now at once.' i She was disposed to be a bit nas y overtit, but the prospect of payment mollified her, and she replied : Well, it will cos' four shillings if a penny t haie a: new square' of glass put in." What Mr Henry and his friend will say I don't know, for they are going to sit up a bit-to night, and the square can't be replaced till to-morrow.' S'It I were you I shouldn't say any thing to them about it being broken ; they won't notice it. Here is half a sovereign to cover expenses; if that will satisfy you it will please me: Per haps you will kindly let me have my boy's football again. Thaik you !' Punctually at s.so the London train steamed into the, station, and Bailey alighted. Rayndell (alias-' Henry,' who had been waiting 'for the train) immediately joined him, and the two set out for Beaconsfield Terrace, while I followed at a discreet distance, and watched them enter the house. When I considered they had settled down to their smoke and chat I again entered the garden, and stealing up through the darkness to the window, stationed my self by the pane I had broken on pur pose to hear their conversation. "The blinds were drawn down, so that I could not see into the room, but I could hear the clink of glasses as the two' men stirred their ' nightcaps' and discussed the matter for which they had met. ' It will be a record gate,' Rayndell wis saying, evidently referring to the forthcoming football match. ' And what are the present 'prices ?' inquired:Bailey. ' Six to four on the' home' team.'. ' Are you sure-quite sure-that it will act all right; no possibility of a fluke ? If it doesn't we are done for, you know.'. ' I am absolutely certain of it. The Swifts would simply romp in if it wasn't for the Wanderers'goal-keeper, Bryant. He's the man that saves his team and prevents their ever being licked.' ' But supposing he' doesn't ask for -: .The noise of a cart passing just then prevented me hearing the con clusion of Bailey's query, and when the noise, had died away Rayndell was saying : * '- For I got it to day, and can easily slip it in without being seen !' ' That's all right, then,' said Bailey. ' We'll take up all the' bets we can at 4 to 6 against the home team, and after that rise to evens against them if neces sary. But we shall have to work it very carefully.' Then, after a few trival remarks about, the form of the players, they went off to bed and I returned to Johnson's decidedly upset. The whole affair was a frost, for *the two, having become possessed of some information relative to the match which they con sidered a ' dead cert,' were simply going to risk all their money on it. My business in the court was' con cluded on the Friday night, but I de termined to stay till Saturday night, so as to witness the event of the football season-the Cup final. Each team was composed of rattling good liayers, professionals, and each had amongst them a star of the first magnitude, who totally eclipsed all the others. Bryant, of the Highborough WVanderers-the home team -was con sidered by experts to be the finest goal. keeper in England, and that means the world ; while the saue distinction as a centre-forward applied to Harper, of the Newtown Swifts. But brilliant as he was, the latter would not be able to score a single goal while Bryant was on guard ; that was the general opinion. The day of the great match was cold, wet, and cheerless, but in spite of that nearly twenty thousand spectators pas sed the turnatiles to witness the game bestween the rival teams. A large refreshment tent had been erected on the grounds, and it was well patronized belore the game commenced. Owing to the slippiness of the turf, experts predicted that brilliant play would be impossible, but mn that they wtere mis taken, as experts so often are. Harper was quite up to his usual for.n, carrying the war well into the esemy s country, and only once or t vice were the IVan deters able to raise the siege and make a feeble raid into their opponents' territory. WVith consummate skill Harper tacked the ball here, there and everywhere, laying traps for his opponents, aad springing them at the critical moments in a manner that brought down thundering plaudits fromn the crowd and his enthusiastic sup porters. Time after time he sent magnificently aimed shots from all sorts ol unlikely places, straight at the enemy's stronghold ; but never once was the foe caught napping. WVith arm, head, body, or leg, Bryant always intercepted ths ball, and sent it flying amongst the players. Try as they would lthe Swvifts could not breakdown that impenetrable defence, and when at lengsn the whistle sounded at halr time the struggle for supremacy was ino nearer a definite settlement, the scores on the board being 'a pair of spec tacles.' : O--O. rFollowing his invariahle custom, Bryant donned an overcoat, anJ closely followed by other mnremers of the teams-ran off to the refreshment tent for his usual cup of Blovril tea and nalf a-dozen bisanuts. 'Pon my wc.rd, you're a fair knock out in a double sense,' said tlarper 'o Bryant, sitting down beside him, for the two were great friends. ' A fe.low hasn't the ghost ofa chance against WVhat'll I have, waiter ? Oh coff - No, I won't though. Bless me if I don't try a cup af Bovril for a change. This beastly weather gtves me the blues. 'Sorry, sir ; but Bovril is out. iMr Bryant's was the last drop we had left,' said the waiter, whom I recognised as Rayndell. A ring me coffee, then,' said Harper. 'Yes' sir, immediately, sir, and the W~iter shuffled off, returning almost directly with the steaming beverage. 'Ugh ! I don't take to coff-e at all kindly,'said Harper *.Don't you ? .said Bryant. ' Well, you may exchange it for my Bovril if you like. I've not touched it yet, for. I can't tike.it too hot. Change ?' Sure you don't mind d ?' Not in the .least - for once Shouldn't- have offered -it you it I did.' '?Thanks .l'Then I- will, just to. see what it's like,' and, "'pushing the coffee over 'to Bryant; he drew back the cup of Bovril and slosily sipped iti. ntil. all was gone, and Bryant . having finished the coffee in the meantime, the two friends strolled out of the tent to resume the game. After play had': re-commenced the tide'turned, the Waiiderers carrying the campaignirito their rivals ground with a;vengeance, and Bryant was left lone and so itzry between the posts which he had no further occasion :to guard that afternoon. All Harper's dash arid brilliance seemed to have vanished, and to the Wanderers' supporters he caused much amuseient, for on two or three occasions ,wh?n he had the ball well placed for a good shot he actually mis sed it entirely and fell flat on his' hback. This sudden and extraordinary lack of form in their leader utterly demor alised the other `members of the swifts' team, and .the. Wandeters, pursuing their advantage, pushed well up to the enemy's capital,- and finding it bu: ill guarded entirely' tooki it by storm; securing goal alter goal until :he whistle was blown a second time. The Cup and Championship were secured to the homcteam, the scoresstanding : \Van derers, 6; Swifts, o. 'Funny that the Swifts' man should have lost form with unch surprising suddenness !" said Johnson tome as we strolled back to the iefreshmnent ten ; anyone would alnost think he had been drugged !' I started as If shot at'the last word. Drugged; Drugged !' Fool that 'I was ! Of course, he was drugged I That was What-Rayndell meant 'when he said. ' I can,easily slip it in with out being seen.'; I saw it all now. It was for, the purpose of drugging Bryant and so bringing off a big bett ing coup that Rayndell had served as a waiter for Lawrenice-the than who always contracted for the refreshments on'the footLall and cricket . grounds. It was a well known fact that Bryant always had a cup of Bovril at half-time, and Rayndell and Bailey determined to make this knowledgeserve their own ends. Seizing Johnson by the arm I h'urried him into the tent, saying, ' Quick, quick' and rapidly made my way to the table where I had seen' Bryant and Harper sitting. Yes, luckily the Bovsil cup was still there, 'uniouched, with the dregs for the fluid still at` the ibottom.. 'Johnson, you were right !' I ex claimed. 'Harper was hocused by the waiter, who put some -drug into the Bovril he had. This is the cup he drank froin, and these. are the dregs. Take them to a doctor or chemist, quickly, and prove my assertion, while I keep an eye on the men." Without exciting suspicion Johnson stole- off with the cup,. and soon returned with a chemist's verdict that the dregs left in it contained a large' and stupefying percentage of a poweriul drug. * Show me the rascals !' excitedly cried Johnson, We had but little difficulty in finding them, for outside the tent-at the back, where Bailey had beckoned him, Rayndell was being cursed and' bullied by Bailey with tremendous vigour. Of course the drug was intended for Bryant, but the footballers exchanging their 'beverages completely upset all calculations, and instead of finding themselves wealthy the rogues were penniless. Before the trial they made full con fession, and the judge rewarded them with a good spell of imprisonment. Upon the facts being made public the Wanderers renounced their claim tp the Cup and Championship, but the final game' still resulted in a victory for the home team by 2 goals to o ! Tile nits. 