A .SOLDIER'S GHOST STORY. This is a True Story told by ai Old Pensloner to a former Shapiala of Ohelsea HNspltal. In the year 1799 there was a large prri son at Dover as there was at that time a. constant expectation of an attack from' France. There were six battalions at Dover, four of which were quartered in the Castle. On January 14th there happened an event which made a great impression on the garri son, and which was never explained. Among the men whose duty was sentry-go on that night was Giles Markham, a native' of 'Tewkesbusy, who was what is called "a character." A bold, boisterous,' rollicking, fellow, he always loudly expressed- :dili belief in things whidh were not vouched! for hy his own senses. On the' night of January 14th, 1799, Giles 'Markham went on to take his turn of seitry: duty at eleveI' o'clock, and he wis to be at his post until one in the moining. The air' was cold and bracing.:: .l Within the guardhouse a, large fire ;blazed merrily, and the men..were merry too. Markhani; who was alwvays the leading spirit among his comrades, was full of fun, and had entertained his comrades with many a story and jest. At length his turn for duty came,;and he oeluctantly turned out. . Dual ness fell upon the guardhouse when he left, and most of the men dropped into a doze.i The fire was beginning to burn low when suddenly the voice of the sentry at the. guardhouse-door was heard calling out, ?hd some one rushed into the room. Every one Swas 'awake in. a minute, and the intsuder was seen to be Giles Markham. His cheeks were white, his limbs trembled, his fireloek, which he had brought with him, fell with a crash to the ground. The whole of the guard were 'by this time alarmed,' and' all crowded rouin the man and asked' in :bne voice :- . . -;' What's the matter, Markham? .What 'hshaqpened '. "I have seen my m1other,' 'gasped th ?inun happy man. " ,.;.: . . Seenm the .devil:l' said the ;sergeant 'And suppose you h ave, why did' you~ uit y o u r p o s t ? ' . . . . . .. , ; - SWasI' to go into the sentry-box while my mothei.was here ' :demanded Markham, shaking from head to foot as if in an: ague fit., ' Itell you, I couldn't do it-no, not if it 'were to save my life.' ' It won't do, Markham,' said the sergeant. i Recollect that there are such things as,the Articles of War. It won't do to crack your jokes at the expense of them.' . But Markham's manner so impressed the men that some of them almost unconsciously noted the time by the guardroom clock. It was five-and-twenty minutes to one, and a memorandum was made of the time.: ' I am sorry for you, Markham,' said the sergeant, ' but this must be reported to the officer, and you must take the consequiences.' 'I don't care what the consequences may be, or to whom you report me,' he replied. When the officer arrived he, of course, de manded an explanation. Markham, who had by this time recovered his self- compo?ere, then gave the following account of his ad venture - ' You know wherb my post wan,', he 'said, 'on the platform of Number Five-battery, which overlooks the sea. The sentry whom I: relieved reported 'All well.' Over the isurface of the Chainel as far as 'my eye. could reach,' not a thing was moving. The noises; from the town grew every moment-" less:and less, and at last they died' away, so.,. that wlhei' the' clocks' struck twelve there ivs not. a sound except the roar of the' 'sea. I have' often done duty on that post before, but never,have .Ifelt the silence as I did to-night. , I was thoroughly depressed by the stillniss and loneliness around me. And then I fell a-thinking. I thought of my past life; and I know that it had not been all it ought 'to have been. I thought of my mother, and I remembered how she used to weep over.my father's loose life-and it was a very loose life-and how she used to pray, that I might turn out a better man: than he was. Poor mother I I stood beside the gun, and wept like a baby as I thought of her, and of what she would think of me now. - After a time'the' feeling wore off, and I laughed at myself for giving way to silly sentiment alism. I faced about and walked to the end of my beat, and then, feeling tired, made for the sentry- box. Sir, you may not believe me, but as there is'a heaven above us, there " at the box stood my mother. She was pale, and looked at me with an expression of sorrow that cut me to 'the heart. I was glued to the spot. I could not'move. I heard her voice. She said, ' This day twelve months we shall meet againi'.': The words smote me, and I who was never frightened before, quaked with fear-fear of what I know not. I tried tbo.spoak, but couldn't. At length I found feoling return to my legs, and:- I bolted; Believe me as you like, every word I 'have said, sir, is true.' ; 'You have told a strange story, Mark ham,"said the officer, 'to account for your commission of at serious military dffence. But I will do this much for:you. A prisoner you must be, and a report must be:sent in to morrow to the colonel; but he shall be told your tale, and as you have' ben a good soldier I will beg his leniency for you. Tou are a native of Tewketbury, you say. Doee your mother live there ?' 'I have every reason to suppose so,' answered Markham. 'It is years since I have seen her or written to her.' ' Very well,' said the offecer, 'yoer mother shall be written to ; and your fate will depend on the answrer.' Markham was kept a prisoner that night, and was reported next morning. Two letters were despatched by the colonel, one to Markham's mother, and another to the clergyman of the parish in which' she was supposed to reside. In due dourse themre came back answers to both letters. One was in the handwriting of Markham's father, and the other from the parson. The latter stated that he had received ain intimation the very morning when the colonel's letter reached him that the womas concerning whom the inquiries had been made warnsto be buried next day. Markham, senior in his letter stated that his wife had died at half-past twelve on the night of January 14th. The news made no much impression on the colonel that Mairkham was released. Time rolled on until a year had gone, and Markham's regiment was at Ashford. When January 14th came round again Markham seemed as healthy as ever. He had gone thlrough a hardl fatigue duty in the day, and when bedtime came he gladly tumbled in, saying a cheery "Good-night" to his com. rades. That was at ten olook. Some two hours and a half afterwards one of the men of Markham's company, who had had leave to be late, came in, and was a bit noisy. Some of the men woke up, and Markham's voice was heard saying, *'I am coming, mother.' It was.l12.80 on the 14th January. Markham.was found dead in his bed. the next morning,'with a peacneful, happy look in his face. ' 