MEN WHO NEVER SLEEP OR SPEAK. The most extraordinary instance of a man who could not sleep comes fromnt Wisconsin. .\lr. Edward Bain, a man who counted his wealth iby millions and who died recently in tile prime of life, never undressed and went to bed as the average person does for sixiteen yeats, and this won him the title of' The MAan who Never Slept.' As a young man lie was in such a hurry to make a fortune ,lthat he worked twenty hours a day, and devote the remaining four in taking short snatches of rest in an armchair in ihis office. He kept this up for so long that finally time began to tell its tale, and Mr. Bain's wife and friends persuaded him to take it easy, and employ others to do the work he had hither:o so persisten ly. performed. After much persuasion he suggested and retired from the business altogether. His mental machinery, which had cease lessly revolved for thirty years, refused to stop, and he could not sleep. He took to farming, and worked laboriously from early morn to sunset, but to no avail; and he soon found he'feared to fall asleep. Doctors were consulted, and they unanimsously agreed that moticn would soothe his brain, and advised him to d ive through the country day and night. For three years he drove fluiously about the stheets of Kenosh:', but it failed, to soot?e his poor weary brain. Soon the malady increased, and he crept about a thin, pale ghost of lis former self. Thereafter, night after right, the man who never slept took to riding all night in a special railway train. For sixteen )ears the unhappy millionaire passed a weary existence, in which outraged Nature refused to grant him a taste of oblivion. One night his wife found hint dead in his chair. Sleep had come at last. A man living in London has not been to bed for twelve years. This p.or fellow, a hardware merchant in a large way of business, having made up his mind to succeed in life when a young man, gave up all society and companionship and devoted himself to his self-i'rposed task. In ten years he became the owner of one of the largest manufactories in the kingdom. He worked when other people slept, and the strain of years of such concen tration soon told upon him. At last sleep became a terror to him, and he believed that if he were to allow the arms of Morpheus to encircle him he would die in consequence. That any human being should be so wanting in sense as to record a vow to remain dumb for any length of time seems almost inconceivable; yet many l.ersons have been known to abstain from speech. Edward John Cunningham, who was lately released from San Quentia Gaol, San Francisco, kept a vow never to speak for an extraordinarily long period. When Cunningham entered the gaol nine years ago he took a solemn oath that no word would escape his lips during the period of his seclusion. A vow not to speak made by Frank Bowden, of Coventry, has been kept for over five years. This young man was i. love with a girl, and one day he unconsciously allowed a sentence to drop from his lips that inmmediately caused offence, and the young lady thought it betterthat their acquaint ance should cease. The knowledge that his own foolish words had been the cause of his trouble so preyed upon his mind that he swore he would main tain absolute silence from that day. Bowden has stood by his oath for five years, notwithstanding all kinds of influence brought to bear upon himito speak. Whenever it becomes necessary for him to communicate his needs or wants to others he does so in writing or by motions, and he has also declared in writing that no word will escape his lips until the young lady will nfrgive him and renew their friendship. 