THE GODDESS : DEMON. BY RICHARD MARSH, Author of "In Full Cry," "The Beetle : A Mystery," "Tie Crime and the Criminal," "The Datchet Diamonds," "The Duke and the Damsel,'' &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER XXIII.—IN £HE PASSAGE. The Inspector I dragged in by the collar of his coat. 1 slammed the door in the faces, of his friends, keeping my foot against it while I shot the bolts. " This won't do ! I'm not.going to stand any more of your nonsense ! You let my men in !" There was a flaming gas bracket in the passage. By its flare I eyed the Inspector. " You be so good as to understand. Mr. Symonds, that I'm going to have no more of your nonsense." He pot his hand up to his mouth—a whistle between his fingers. Gripping his wrist, I pinned him by the throat against the wall. " If you are not careful, you'll get hurt." He gasped out between his clenched teeth, " I'll make you pay for this ! You let my men in !" " I'll not let your men in until you and I have had an explanation." The lady interposed. " Don't hurt him." " I'll not hurt him—unless he compels me. Look here, Symonds, there's been a mystification—a hideous blunder." " I don't want to have anything to say to you. You open that door !" His hands returned to his lips. Again I had to pin him against the wall ; this time I vrenched the whistle from between his fingers. " If you give any sort of a signal you'll be sorry." " You've broken my wrist !" " I haven't, but I will if you don't lookout. I tell you, man, that you've been on the wrong scent ; you and I, and all of us. It isn't Edwin Lawrence who's been murdered ; he isn't even dead." " Don't tell your tales to me." " Tales ! I tell you tales ! Here's Mr. Edwin Lawrence, to tell his own.'" Lawrence was standing a few steps farther down the passage, an apparently interested spectator of what had been taking place. Symonds turned to him. " This man ? Who is this man ?" Lawrence thrust his thumbs into his waistcoat armholes. " I'm the corpse on whom the Coroner's been sitting." " Don't play your mountebank tricks with me, sir." " I'm the murdered man." " Indeed ? And pray what may be your name ?" " Edwin Lawrence—at your service, entirely to command. Though I may mention that that's only a form of words ; since at present, I'm really, and actually, in the service of another—a lady. Bound to her hand and foot by a tie there's no dissolving." Symonds perceived that, in his manner, to say the least ; there was something carious. As he looked at me I endeavoured to give him the assurance which I saw he required. " It is Mr. Edwin Lawrence, you may safely take my word for it. The lady can confirm what I say." Which he lady did upon the instant. The inspector was still, plainly, in a state of uncertainty, which, under the circumstances, was scarcely strange. " I don't know if this is a trick which you have got up between you, and which you think you can play off on me, but, anyhow, who do you say the dead man is ?" Lawrence chose to take the question as addressed to him. He chuckled ; there was something in the chuckle which suggested the maniac more vividly than anything which had gone before. " Who's the dead man ? Ah ! there's the puzzle—and the joke ! The dead man must be me. It's in the papers — in people's mouths—it's the talk of the town. The police are searching for the wretch that slew me — the Coroner and his Jury have viewed my tody. It's plain the dead man must be me. And yet, although it's very odd, he isn't. It's the rarest jest that ever yet was played—and all hers." He pointed with his thumb along the passage. " It's all her doing, conception, and execution, both. And how she has enjoyed it ! Ever since she has done nothing else but laugh. Can't you hear her? She's laughing now !" There did seem to come, through the door which was at the end of the passage, the sound of a woman's laughter. We all heard it. The lady drew closer to me ; I gritted my teeth ; the inspector, with whom, as yet, it had no uncomfortable associations, treated it as though it were nothing out of the way. " Who's it you've got in there ?" Lawrence raised his lands, as if they had been notes of exclamation. " A goddess ! Such an one !—a pearl of the pantheon ! A demon !—out of the very heart of hell !" He fingered his shirt collar, as If it were tight about his neck. " That's why she's relished her humorous conception more than I have. The qualities which go to the complete enjoyment of the jokes she plays I lack. The laughter she compels has characteristics which I do not find altogether to my taste. It gets upon my brain ; steals my sleep ; nips my heart ; fills the world with — faces ; grinning faces, all of them — like his. And so I'm resolved to tell the joke, and I promise that it shan't be spoilt in telling." This with a smile upon his lips, a something elusive in his eyes, which, to my mind, again betrayed the lunatic. He threw out his arms, with a burst of sudden wildness. " Let them all come in — the whole street— the city-ful ! So that as many as may be gathered together for the enjoyment of the joke !" Symonds and I exchanged glances. I spoke to him in an undertone. " If you take my advice, you will listen to what he has to say. Before he's finished, the whole story will have come out." All the time there had been knockings at the door. Now some one without made himself prominent above the others. A shout came through the panels. " Symonds ! Is that you in there ? Shall we break down the door ?" The voice was Hume's. I proffered a suggestion to the inspector. " There is no reason why Dr. Hume should not come in. He will be able to resolve your doubts as to whether or not this is Mr. Edwin Lawrence. Your men I should advise you to keep outside. They will be close at hand if they are wanted." He regarded me askance, evidently still by no means sure as to the native of the part which I might be playing. " You are a curious person, Mr. Ferguson. You have your own ideas of the way on which justice is administered in England. However, you shall have your own way. Let Dr. Home come in. My men can wait outside till they are wanted." I unbolted the door, keeping my foot against it, to guard against a sudden rush. The crowd was still in waiting. It had evidently grown larger. As the people saw that the door was being opened, there were cries and exclamations. Hume was standing just outside. It seemed that it had been his intention to make a dart within ; but the spectacle of me in the doorway caused him to hesitate. By him were the Inspector's friends. Misunderstanding the situation, they made an effort to force the door wider open. It was all I could do to hold it against them. " Hume you can come in. Inspector Symonds, give your men their instructions." " Gray, are you there ?" " Yes, sir! Do you want us ?" " Not just now. I may do shortly ; keep where you are. Send along for some one to keep those people moving.'' " Very good, sir. Are you all right in there ?" " For the present I am. Keep a sharp look out. If you hear me give the word, come in at once—if you have to break down the door to do it." " Right, sir !" I rebolted the door, boos and groans coming from the crowd, as they perceived themselves being shut out from the sight of anything which there might be to see. Hume bad entered. He was looking about him as if the position of affairs were beyond his comprehension. " Symonds, what does all this mean ? Ferguson, what new madness have you been up to ? Miss Moore, you here ! This is no place for you !" " I think it is." " I say it's not. You ought to be in bed. Who gave you permission, to leave your room ?" " I gave myself permission, thank you. I am quite able to take care of myself. And, if I'm not, here's Mr. Ferguson." " Mr. Ferguson ! Mr. Ferguson stands in need of some one to take care of him." He turned to me. " If you've had a hand in bringing Miss Moore here you ought to be ashamed of yourself, if you're capable of shame, which I'm beginning to doubt. Surely your own sense of decency, embryonic though it may be, ought to have told you that it is no place for her. What is this den which you have brought her to ?" " Here is some one who can tell you better than I. Ask him, not me." Lawrence broke into laughter. " That's it, Ferguson. Hume, ask the corpse." Hume stared at the speaker, as if he had been a spectre ; which, apparently, he was more than half disposed to believe that he was. " Lawrence ! Edwin Lawrence ! Is it a living man, some demoniacal likeness, or is it ghost ? My God ! is it a ghost ?" Again Lawrence laughed. He went closer to the bewildered doctor ; his eyes flaming, his manner growing wilder as he continued speaking. A ghost, Home, write it down a ghost ! I wonder if I could cheat myself into believing I'm a ghost ? Hume, you're an authority on madness. Look at me ; do you think I'm mad ? It's a question I've been putting to myself since—she began to be humorous. 1 see things—I hear things— like the men who've been—thirsty. There's a face which looks into mine—a face all cut and slashed, and sliced into ribbons ; and, as the blood streams down the cheekbones, which are laid all bare, its teeth grin at me, inside the torn and broken jaws, and it says, ' After all I've done, this is the end !' I strike at it, with both my fists, where the eyeballs ought to be, but I can't knock it away ; it won't go, it keeps on being there. I can't sleep, though I'd give all the world to. I'm afraid to try, because, when I shut my eyes, I see it plainer. The blood gets on my hands ; the taste gets into my mouth ; the idiot words get on my brain, ' After all I've done, this is the end !' I can't get away from the face and the words ; whatever I do, wherever I go, they're there. I seem to carry them with me. I've been drinking, but I can't drink enough to shut them out ; I can't get drunk. And, Hume, do you think I'm mad ? I hope I am. For while I'm being tortured she laughs ; she keeps laughing all the time. It's her notion of a jest. I hope that it's but a madman's fancy, what I see and hear ; and that, when I get my reason back again, they'll go—the face and the words. You're a scientific man. Tell me if I'm mad." Hume turned towards me. His countenance was pasty-hued. " What devil's trick is this ?" Lawrence answered in his own fashion, as if the question had been addressed him. " That's what it is—a devil's trick ! Hers ! The Goddess's ! She's a demon ! I'll tell you how it was done. She's got me—by the throat ; bought, me—body and soul. But I don't care, I'll be even. She shan't do all the scoring ; I will play a hand, although, directly afterwards, she drags me down to hell with her. Let her drag ! I'm in hell already. It can't be worse—where she has sprung from." Taking Hume by the shoulder with one hand, with the other he pointed to the door which was at the end of the passage. He was dreadful to look at. As he himself said, the already looked as if he were .suffering the torments of the damned. "She's in there—behind that door. But, although she's in there, she's with me hiere. She's always with me, wherever I am ; she, the face, and the words. You think I'm romancing, passing off on you the coinage of a madman's brain. I would it were so. I wish that they were lies of my own invention, a maniac s imaginings. Came with me ; judge for yourself. You shall see her. I will show you how the devil's trick was done." He led the way along the passage. We followed. I know not what thoughts were in the minds of the others. I do know that I myself , had never before been so conscious of a sense of discomfort. The lady slipped her hand into mine. It was cold. Her fingers trembled. Even then I would have stayed her from seeing what we were to see if I could. But I could not. It was as if we were being borne onward together in a dream. All the while I had a suspicion that of us all Inspector Symonds was most at his ease, while it seemed to me that Hume carried himself like a man who moved to execution. CHAPTER XXIV.—IN THE ROOM. A large, bare, barn-like room. The walls were colour-washed; as seen by gaslight, an uncertain shade of grey. The floor was bare. At one end was a wooden dais. This, and a large skylight overhead, suggested that the apartment had been intended for a studio. Artistic properties there were none. The furniture was scanty. In one corner was a camp bedstead, the bedclothes in disorder. It had evidently not been, made since it was slept in. There were two small tables—one at the side against the wall, the other in the centre of the room. Bottles and glasses were on both. Bottles, indeed, were everywhere, designed, too, to contain all sorts of ; liquids—wines, spirits, beers. Champagne appeared to have been drunk by the gallon. On the floor, in the cornier, opposite the bedstead, were at least seven or eight dozen unopened bottles of all sizes, sorts, and shapes. Three or four chairs, of incongruous design, completed the equipment of the room, with the exception, that is, of a tall screen, covered with crimson silk, which stood upon the dais. This screen was the first object which caught the eye on entering. One wondered if an artist's model were concealed behind. Lawrence placed his finger against his lips as he held the door open for us to enter. " Ssh ! She's there behind the screen ! Listen ! Can't you hear her laughing ?" This time I, for one, heard nothing. There was not a sound. And, since every sense was at the acutest tension, had there been, it would scarcely have escaped my notice. Scarcely were we all in, than a door on the opposite side of the room was opened gingerly, and seemingly with hesitation, as if the opener wss by no means sure of his welcome. Through it came pertinaceous Mr. Bernstein, and, of all persons, young Tom Moore. At the sight of her brother the lady shrank closer to my side. The Inspector appeared to regard the advent of the new-comers with suspicion, as though doubtful lesa there were more to follow. " Who are these men ? Where do they come from ?" Lawrence explained. " Inspector Symonds, allow me to introduce you to Mr. Isaac Bernstein—dealer in forged bills, and patron of penmen. Surely you have heard of Bernstein ?" " Oh, yes, I've heard of Bernstein. So you are Mr. Isaac Bernstein. Who's the other man ?" The other man is—" this with a glance towards the lady—" merely a thief." " I'm no thief ! I'll let you know I'm not to be called a thief—especially by you !" Young Moore's disclaimer was half whine, half snarl. . Bernstein took up his tale. " Mr. Symonds, I'm glad to meet you, sir. Our—our friend here is fond of his joke. You mustn't take him seriously. It —it's his way to say things which he does not mean. I just stepped in to say a word to him an private—just one word ; so I hope you'll forgive me if I seem to be intruding. Lawrence, I—I came with our young friend here along the little back passage, which the models used to use, because I—I wanted to speak one word to you in private. Would you mind stepping on one side just —just for half a moment. " No, Bernstein, I won't. Anything you have to say to me, you'll say in public—at the top of your voice, but loud. I'm going to say my say so that every one may hear me—she and they." " Now, Lawrence, be reasonable, I do beg of you. Let me make to you just this one remark." Drawing closer, Mr. Bernstein dropped his voice to a whisper. Taking him by both shoulders, Lawrence began to shake him to and fro. " Speak up, Bernstein, speak up ! Shout, man, shaut !" " Don't, Lawrence, you'll hurt me !" " Hurt you ! Hurt you ! If I could only hurt you as you've hurt me, you pretty fellow ! Why didn't you save your skin by taking to your heels ? For me there's no salvation, because of her, and the face, and the words. But for you there was a chance. Now there's none. Now there's none !" He flung the Jew away from him, so that he went reeling half across the room. Mr. Bernstein addressed himself, with stammering lips, to the Inspector. " Mr. Symond's, he's—he's not right in his head ; he's excited—he's been drinking ; look at those bottles ?" Lawrence threw out his arms, with a laugh. " Look at those bottles ! Evidences of a giant's thirst ! I'll have another." Taking a bottle of champagne out of the collection in the corner, with what looked like a palette knife he struck the neck off with a cleanness and dexterity which denoted practice. The wine foamed up. He filled a sodawater tumbler, emptying it at a draught. " That's the stuff ! It's got a sting in it ! I like my drink to have a sting !" Bernstein drew the Inspector's attention to his proceedings. " You see. That's how he goes on—drink, drink, drink ! He does nothing else but drink. You wouldn't pay any attention to his ravings when they reflect upon a respectable man ?" " Respectable man ! Isaac Bernstein, respectable man ?" He tossed the bottle he was holding towards the Jew. If the other had not ducked, it would have struck him. " He's a liar, that's what he is ; a liar to has finger tips. No one who knows him would believe him on his oath." This was young Moore. Lawrence pointed at him with his tumbler. " A Solomon risen to judgment ! See truth's imaged superscription on his brow." The lady stepped forward, before I had guessed her intention. " What he is, he in great part owes to you — and to him !" pointing to the Jew. " You are an older man than he, with a wider knowledge of the world. You have used him as a tool, with which to save yourselves. You found him in a ditch — in the same ditch in which you were yourselves. Instead of helping him out, you dragged him farther in, pressing him down in the mire, so that by dint of standing on his body, you might yourselves reach the bank, at the cost of his entire destruction. Though he is guilty, your guilt is a thousand times as great." "There speaks the actress. Your sentiments, Miss Moore, do you credit ; though, being of the stage, they're stagey. They suppose that you can make a good man bad. I doubt it, be he old or young. All that you can do, is to bring to a head the badness which is in a bad one. Bernstein, your brother, and I, were born with a twist in us ; a moral malformation ; a trend in the grain which, as we got our growth, gave a natural inclination in a particular direction. I doubt if we could have gone straight if we had tried. You may take it for granted that we did not weary ourselves with vain efforts. I know that I did not. The things I liked had to be, like ginger, hot in the mouth ; my pleasures had all to be well peppered. Your insipidities I never relished ; nor was the fact that they happened to be virtuous a sufficient sauce. " As it happens, in this best of all possible worlds, spice costs money. And there's the rub. For I had none—or as good as none. But I'd a brother who had. An all seeing Providence and an indiscriminating parent had caused him to be amply dowered with worldly goods. I made several efforts with my own hands and brains to supply myself with money. Sometimes they'd succeed ; oftener they would fail. When they failed, in the most natural possible manner, I looked to my brother — my only brother — to make good the deficiency. To do this he now and then objected. Which was odd. Until, one day, I came upon a man named Bernstein." The Jew, who had been listening with parted lips, and watchful, troubled eyes, to what the other had been saying, now went forward to him, cringingly. " Lawrence, good old friend, remember all I've done for you, and—and be careful what you say." "I'll remember, and so shall you ; you never will be able to accuse me of forgetting. This man, Bernstein, was a Jew — ar usurer." . . " I lend money to gentlemen who are in need of it, that's all ; there's no harm in it. If I didn't some one else would." " He negotiated loans on terms which varied—as I quickly learned. I had had some experience of usurers ; but this was a new type." " How new ? Circumstances compel one to alter one's terms—it's only business." " He lent me a little money on what he considered reasonable terms." " And so they were—most reasonable. You know yourself they were." " 'When you want more,' he said, 'you must bring me another name upon the bill.' I asked, 'Whose name?' He said, 'Your brother's.' 'Do you' think my brother would back a bill of mine ? He'd see me farther first !' That,' he said, 'is a pity.' And so it was a pity. Brothers should be friendly ; they should help each other ; it's only right. " 'Come', he said, 'and dine with me.' I dined. After dinner he began again about the bill. I'll give you £700 for a three months' bill for a thousand with your brother's name on it.' 'I tell you that nothing would induce my brother to back a bill of mine.' 'If you were to bring me such a bill I shouldn't ask how it got there.' Then he looked at me, and I saw what he meant. 'That's it, is it ? I've sailed pretty close to the wind, but I've never got quite so far as that.' He filled himself another glass of wine. 'You say you want the. money badly. The sooner you let me have the bill, the sooner your wants will be relieved.' I let him have the bill in the morning. At the end of three months there was a storm in the air." " I knew nothing of it—he invents it all. The bill was duly met when it was presented." " After my brother and I had come pretty near to murder, I was still, as ever, in want of money. But this time it was Bernstein who came to me. " 'I hear you're pressed.' I complimented him on the correctness of his information. 'It's no good,' said he, 'peddling with hundreds. It's a good round sum you want to set you clear.' I admitted it ; and wondered where the good round sum was coming from. 'I tell you what I'll do,' he said. 'You bring me five bills for a thousand each, with your brother's name on them, and I'll give you two thousand five hundred for the lot.' I told him that it couldn't be done. I'd promised my brother that I would't play any more tricks with his name, and I meant to keep my word. 'Ah,' he said, that's a pity.' " " I said nothing of the kind. It is not to be believed ; those who know me will tell you it is not to be believed. It is against my nature." " 'I think,' he continued, 'I know how it can be managed. I know a young fellow whom I'll introduce' to you. You may find him of use. He's a first-rate penman.' 'Do you mean that he's an expert forger ?' 'Lawrence,' cried Mr. Bernstein, 'you shouldn't use such words—you really shouldn't.' " " You hear, him admit it ? I said 'You should not use such words.' I have always said it—always." He made me known to this expert penman, getting up a three-cornered dinner for that especial purpose. The expert penman was our young friend here—Tom Moore." " I never wanted to know you, never. I told him that I didn't." Mr. Bernstein contradicted the young gentleman's disclaimer. " Now, Moore, that is not so. You were si ways willing to make his acquaintance ; why not ? He was a gentleman of family, of fortune. Why should you not have been willing to know such an one ?" " He didn't turn out like that, did he ? Look how he served me !" " Ah, that is another matter. We could not have foreseen how he was to turn out. We supposed him to be a gentleman of reputation—of character." " Innocent-minded Bernstein ! Ingenious Tom Moore ! After dinner Moore returned with me to my rooms." " You invited me." " I did—that's true ; and you came. I said to him, 'I hear you're a bit of a penman.' " " I didn't know what you meant." " You wouldn't. I laid five bill stamps in front of him." " There was nothing on them." " True again ; there wasn't. I showed him my brother's signature at the bottom of a letter, and I asked him if he thought that he could make a nice clean copy of it in the corner of each stamp." " You never said what you were going to do with it." " Still correct—I didn't. But you said, 'How much are you going to give me ?' " " Well, you were a stranger to me ; you didn't expect I was going to do you a favour for nothing ?" " Hardly. I said I would give you a hundred pounds, which I thought was pretty fair pay for a little copying. But you said, 'I want five hundred.' " " You didn't give me five hundred pounds, not you ! You know you didn't ! Or anything like !" " Accurate as ever. I couldn't see my way to quite as much as that. I said you should have two hundred." " That night you 1 never gave me any money at ail." " No. But in the morning I carried to Mr. Isaac Bernstein five bills for a thousand apiece, with, on each, my brother's endorsement in the corner. In exchange, Mr. Bernstein presented me with two thousand five hundred pounds, and out of that you had two hundred." " I took it as a friendly present," " Precisely—from a perfect stranger. Time went on. The three months slipped by. I began to fidget. Luck was most consummately against me. Two thousand five hundred pounds went no way at all ; I had lost it pretty nearly every penny before I really realized that 1 had ever had it. When it was gone, 1 knew that breakers were ahead ; a pretty nasty lot of rocks. As I say, I began to fidget. I knew my brother, and was well aware that since last time it had been nearly murder, this time it would come as near as possible to quite. Philip's temper, my friends, Philip's temper was distinctly bad. We had had a few fights together, he and I, and out of them it had not been my general custom to come out best. Now I foresaw that the biggest fight of all our fights was drawing comfortably close : and when I asked myself in what condition I should probably emerge from it I was not able to supply my question with an answer which gave me entire satisfaction. " I began to hate my brother. As the days stole by, I began to hate him more and more—to fear him. The two things together, the hatred and. tile fear, took such a hold of me that I began to cast about in my mind how I could get the best of him when the game was blown upon and the fight began. And at last I thought of something which I had chanced upon in India. " It was one night, when I lay awake in bed unable to sleep. I had been drinking. The drink had been bad. Among the goblins which it brought to my bedside were thoughts of my brother. I thought of how the luck had all been his ; of what a grip he had ; of his bone and muscle ; of how, in our quarrels, it had always gone hard with me ; of how, in the next one, which was close at hand, it would go harder still. He was more than a match for me all round. In peace or war he was the stronger man. How could I get even with him ? How ? Then I thought of the Goddess. It was from herself that the first inspiration came. She precipitated herself, as the oculists have it, into my mind. I suspected it then ; I know it now. She had remained till then in the packing-case in which I had brought her home. She had never been out of it, not once. I had never taken the trouble to unpack her. She might have feared she was forgotten ; felt herself slighted. No ; that's not her way. She knows she'll never be forgotten ; and as for slights, she never will be slighted when there's need of her. She had been waiting, that was all—waiting for her time. Now her time had come. She knew it. So she reminded me that she was there. " It struck me, at first, as a humorous idea—The Goddess. It always is her humorous side which appeals to one at first. Indeed, it is that side of her which continues to the front ; only—the character of the humour changes. I laughed to think that her existence should occur to me at such a moment. And, as I laughed, she laughed too. It was the first time I had heard her laughter. The sound of it had an odd effect on the marrow in my bones. Even then I asked myself if by any possibility I could be going mad. She was in the cupboard on the other side of my dressing-room. All other considerations apart, it was an odd thing that I should hear her so plainly from where I lay. " 'I'll go and look at her,' I said. I went. As I opened the cupboard door, she laughed again—a little, soft, musical laugh, suggestive of exquisite enjoyment. It drew me on. 'Why,' I cried, 'I didn't know that you could laugh. Where are you ? Let's free you from your prison. If you're as pretty as your laughter, you should be well worth looking at." " There was the packing case, all nailed and corded, exactly as it had been when placed on shipboard. As I touched it, she laughed again. Now that I had become more used to it, I found that there was something in the sound which braced me. up ; a quality which was suited to my mood. I drew the case into my dressing-room. I unpacked it. There she was inside, in the best possible condition, as ready, as willing, as happy, as on the day when I first saw her, in the place where she was born. She had borne her voyage and subsequent confinement surprisingly well ; neither in her bearing or appearance was there anything which even hinted at a trace of resentment for the treatment which she had received. She showed me what she could do, laughing all the time, I said to myself, With her aid I shall be more than a match for my brother." " I had got her out, but, like the genie the fisherman released in the Arabian story, she was not easy to put back again. Without her consent it was impossible to replace her in the packing-case. Her consent she refused to give. When I persisted in my attempts to do without it, she brought me nearer to a sudden end than ever I had been before. Whereupon I desisted. I left her where she was. That display of her powers, and of her readiness to use them, compelled me to the reflection that in her I had found not only a collaborator, but possibly something else as well. One thing I certainly had found—an inseparable companion. " From that hour, when, in the silence of the night, and because I could not sleep, being troubled by thoughts of my brother, I took her from her packing-case, she has never left me for one moment alone. She has become part and parcel of my life ; grown into I lie very web of my being ; into the very heart of me ; until now she holds me, body, soul, and spirit, with chains which never shall be broken. And to her it's such an exquisite jest, Listen ! She is laughing now." 