CHAPTER XIH Maodales'3 Gcest. AX Jell it duty to pro- f test. ' - ;5 "Miss Lin- >1 gardj you .£ know no- .'1 tiling oJ tha • • ■> woman; she' Vs may be a very unsuit able person to take into , your bouse." . • ' - •' -> Magdalen only smiled. He remembered tha smile aCterwards, and. was puzzled by it. Tha red light of the lantern bad flashed upon her face, and showed a curious ^ look of mingled compas sion, amusement, even.a •.< little scorn. It said of bim very plainly that i? Magdalen despised bis 'I prudent advice, and would have none of it.-% % Perhaps this interprcta- ly. ^ tion was not quite cor- ^ I rect. • Ho helped to lift I be insensible woman and to carry her to the house. Masdulen " I went before the little procession, walking - swiftly, in order to make arrangements for the reception of her strange visitor. Much . preparation was not necessary. There was always a guest-chamber ready at. the' Priory, and the guests were sometimes of the neediest. The men laid their burden down upon the bed, and softly retired. Max lingered ra the passage outside the door until Mag-. dalen appeared. An old nurse had taken, charge of the sufferer, and Miss Lingard came out to give further orders. " You will want a doctor. I ha*^ dogcart here. Shall I drive to Dr. son's, and send hini up?" Max asked. " If it is not troubling you too much." • "Not in the least. I will send hint or • bring him myself as soon us I can. - I hope,". Mas hesitated a little as Ue'spoke, " I hops < that you will not repent your kindness." " I am. sure I shall not. I feel inclined to thank you for coming to* me for help," she said earnestly. "And you will hot . think me rude—but—but—you will bring the doctor as quickly as you 'can, will you not?" ■ *• "Twill. Good night, Miss Lingard."' He. could not help smiling a little at her impatience. She looked eager,' anxious, yet younger and lovelier than he had yet seen her, perhaps because of the unwonted flush upon her check, the light of a strange ex citement in her eyes, the tremble of her ; parted lips. Max took that picture of ; her away with him as he went ont into 1 the night. He repeated to himself over and over again that she was eccentric, that bo did not like eccentric women, that he 'did not like her. But what a sweet face she had! He could not get it out of his mind; it haunted him like a ghost. He wished, that lie could forget it. "V : Dr. Ellison was at home, and gladly ac I cepted Max's offer of a drive to the Priory. I The'doctor tried to extract information I from his companion on the way, hut Max I had none to give. ' "You don't know* who the woman Is?" "No." "And Miss laniard does not know?" " I suppose not." "I wonder if she had any reason for taking her into her own house," said the doctor, more to himself than to Max. " She is not the woman to do things from caprice." "Yon know her well?" asked Max, for* getting his reserve. " I know her, and admire her; . I reTer ence her," said the doctor, shortly and de cidedly. " She is beyond praise." The words gave Max a subtle pleasure; he could not have said why. Ho meant to go straight home after taking the doctor to the Priory, but, yield* ing to an impulse which he' himself thought unaccountable, he offered to wait and drive the doctor home again when he had seen his patient. And as Br. Ellison agreed to this, Max left the dogcart in the charge of a man at the lodge (he had found his way now to the front entrance), and entered the house with him. Ho was shown into the room where Miss Xingard usually sat. It was a plain, almost bare-looking, room; there was matting oh tho floor; the only articles of furniture were bookcases, rush-bottomed chairs, and a" writing table. Here he stayed for some time—so long, in fact, that he grew rather' weary of waiting and began to yawn. But at last footsteps were heard upon the Stairs, the door was opened, and Magdalen came in, followed by the doctor. Her face still wore the look of suffused brightness, almost ' of exultation, -which had struck Max as so remarkable. She was flushed, and her eyes wero strangely bright; but her voice and manner wero perfectly calm as she cx* changed a few- words with the doctor, and then turned to bid Max good-bye. [to be continued next week] When'the princo pf Wales alludes to his mothor. Bis Royal Highness always uses the words, "My mother the Queen." Tho/ Duke of York bo invariably refers to as "My son the Duko of York." On the continent snob simplicity is tabooed; the utterances of the mighty are controlled by strioi and formal .etiquette. "" 