Jack's Ghost Story. ' You know that camp where Yellow Charlie was kilied in a rush in the year 1894 ?' 'Yes.' ' Well, the mob rushed bad there ; it took us all our time to hold 'em. Some of the men reckoned that Yel low Charlie was on the camp, and rushed the cattle.' ' Now, don't come the ghost yarn. Hanged if I don't believe that half you horny mm believe that dead men walk. If a mob fizzes on the camp, someone's been 'killed there, and stirs up the cattle.' ' I never said that Yellow Charlie started the mob. But how is it that cattle won't camp near where there's a grave ?' ' There you go. Did you ever see a ghost in all the years you've been drovin' ?' ' No, but I'll say the same as Mickey Free — there's plenty of things 1 ve not seen. This conversation was taking place at a travellers' camp at Diamantina. The five men who were chatting were making into Winton. The working season was over, and they were in good spirits, as each man had a tidy cheque. They were looking forward to a spell, and perhaps a run into the city at Christmas. Dick Saunders and Flinders Jack were cattlemen ; the rest shearers'. Dick had just been recounting his ad ventures with a mob of cattle that he had assisted to take to Wodonga the previous year. There was silence for a while after the first sally, and nothing was heard but the tinkle of the bells, as the horses fed out on the downs. Flinders Jack suddenly sat up, and said, ' Putting jokes aside, are you sure aead men don't walk ? Did any of you ever hear or see anything you couldn't account for ?'? The men addressed puffed hard at their pipes, and considered. Jack went on, 'I'll tell you some thing I know for a fact, and you can form your own opinion.' 'Good business,' , ' Let's have it.' 'Out with it, Jack.' Urged thusly, Jack settled himself to his task. ' In '88 or '87 I was travelling down the Macquarie. I had delivered 200 'fats, and was making back to the station. The horse-tailei! was with me. It set in to rain before we had gone far, and kept teeming down. We ploughed along through the mud and water ; it was low ground, and every thing we had was soaked, swags and all. We were taking a fresh road back to the station, and neither of us knew it, so we kept a look out for a dry knob to camp on. ' In the afternoon we met a bloke, who said, ' There's an empty house a few miles on, but some reckon it's haunted — a man killed his wife there. Perhaps you chaps ; wouldn't care about campin' there.' ' WG said we'd chance the spirits if it was dry inside, so we dodged along till we struck the house. There was a paddock fence between us and the place, but the grass was best outside. I started hobbling the loose horses, while Bill went over to see if we could get a camp. It was about five chain across. The sun was down, and it was getting dusk, so I hurried up with the hobbles, I fancied I heard something sing out, so I looked up. Bill was running at a great bat. Ho was looking back as he came, and did not notice the fence, so whop lie went into it, and tumbled out on his head. I knew he'd got a scare, but I protended I didn't see him, and kept on hobbling the crocks. Presently Bill walked up. 'Hullo,' I said; 'you weren't long. What do you think of it? ' He cleared his throat, and then said, ' It's no good ; half the Ibark off the roof and 'the rest leaking.' I asked him if he thought we could fix up one corner. He reckoned not. Couldn't we get a 'few good sheets and carry them over. There was a nice dry place for a camp. No ; Bill was off the whole concern, so I gave in, and we rigged up the tent, cutting boughs to sleep on. At tea my mate never said a word. He kept an eye on the house all the time. Seeing he wasn't on for telling any thing, I said, ' You seemed in a bit of a hurry coming over from the humpy, Bill ? ' 'Yes,' said he, ' Didn't like the look of the place, eh?' 'No.' He wasn't on for talking, but I meant to draw him, so I said, ' After tea, Bill we'll go there, and get a couple or three sheets of bark to rig over our fire. We'll camp here to morrow if the rain keeps on.' That fetched him. ' Look here,' said Bill, ' I wouldn't go to that place to-night for £50 — that I wouldn't.' ' No ? ' I inquired ; ' Why, what's wrong with it ? ' He said that something had given an awful yell. ' Steady, Bill,' I said, ' I don't mind a good lie in dry weather, but don't introduce horrible screams in flood-time. An owl, I suppose.' ' No,' he said, shaking his head ; ' No. it's no owl. I know every cry in the bush ; I never heard the like of that before. Its something un earthly.' ' Then it must be that woman's ghost. Anyway, here's going to have a iook i . ' Coming ? ' He wasn't taking any ; so I dodged over by myself. When I got near the hut I was sorry I had come. I had lived all my life in the bush, camping in all sorts of places, and I had never felt skeery before. I suppose the tale of the murder bothered me a bit. It wouldn't do to turn back, so I went on into the house. I struck a match, and had a look round. Nothing there. It was a tumble-down affair, going to pieces fast. I was looking at the floor, and wondering where the woman was done in, when a horrible screech nearly sent me into a fit.. I streaked for the camp like a race horse. I wanted to stop and look, but my legs objected. I managed to steady myself, and I did not fall into the fence, but it took me five minutes to cool down. I felt I must bam boozle ? my mate somehow, and I stalks up to the camp whist1 ing. Bill looked up when I arrived. 'Fetch the sheets?' he inquired. 'No.' I was trying to look cool. 'You were right, they're rotten — wouldn't keep out a mizzle.' ' I think I heard something sing out again,' said Bill. ' Did not you.' ' Yes,' I said, stopping from hum ming a tune ; ' Yes — fancy it's an owl. ' Chuck it up,' says Bill, ' it's no use. I followed you to the fence. By Jove. I never thought you could get along like that.' ' Anyway,' I argued, trying to block him a bit ; ' If I get over the ground, I don't take my fences like you.' The subject was no joke. It cost us a night's rest, and I've many a time since puzzled my head over that awful cry. What do you make of it chaps ? Much argument followed. The yarn was pulled about and examined in every light, and the verdict read something like this : —Such things might possibly be ; in fact, all had heard various yells in their time ; but that the cries had any connection with the dead woman they were not pre pared to vouch for. A move was now made to spread out the ' na'ps ' pre paratory to turning in, and the men rose from their reolining posi tions. Saunders, whose brain was still running on the yarn, asked Jack if he had ever heard any more about the cry. ' Well,' said Jack, ' next morning we left the haunted house, and struck a pub. We camped there for a day, and before we left a footman came up. I heard him pitching the publican a tale about camping on the lee side of a house in the wet and scaring two blokes with a siren whistle. Neither of us had heard a siren whistle before. But it could not have been us. Ours was a genuine ghost yell.' ' We're had, lads, right enough,' remarked Jonah. ' AH right, Jack ; if you got a long beer out of my pocket in town — you tell me,' — ' Australasian.' 