LOYE ORDEALS. ? « ? CHAPTER XXIV.— Continued, 'you! is IT YOU, THEN ?' ' To Lady Hartleigli,' she murmured. ' Y«p, that is tlio world's way. A huge, glaring tablet of stone is oflrred ns an atonement for a life of wrong-doing, as a cornp'enBati n for years of suffering. Such atonement and compensation us it is, sho has liad paid (o her; but what atonement has been made to that other Buffering woman, betrayed and deserted? And yet, do T ask what atonement? I forget. An atonement has been made, ana ic is i wno navo snatcnea io — j, tne daughter of the betrayed, wronged, de- | sorted woman. Atonpinent, do I say? What 'atonement could be . m---re com plete 1 I, the child of the deserted woman, am in tlio p»lace of the rightful heiress, am the acknowledged daughter and heiress, bear the proud Marbleigh name, wear the family diamonds, can marry, if I choose, the heir to the titlo. Mother,' and she stretched out her arms with a passionate sob, ' have I not al ready kppb my oath? What more can you dpnnind ? What more 1 Is it enough? Mother, be satisfied !' With a gesture almost of appeal, she let her arms fall to her sides, and with bent; bead moveel from before the tablet. As she passed into the deep shadow cast by one of the pillars, a sudden thrill ran through her — one of those strange sensations by which we are convinced lhat, hitherto unsuspected by us, we f- ol that some other human being is near us. She heard nothing, saw nothing, yet she felt that somethiug strange and mysterious was neur her. For the first moment) since leaving the terrace, fear seized her. An intangible horror reached out a hand from the unknown and touched her. White as death, not trembling, but with every limb n= rigid as the stone figures on the tombs, she leaned against the pillar and stared before her. A minute— it, might have besn an. a3B — pissed, nnd she was about to make ? a great eflort to recover her presence of mind, when, with a horror no tongue can describe, she saw a white substance gliding from the chuncel. With nciseless, rpgular movements it seemed to float down the isle, now lost in tho shadows, now white and distinct in the moonlight. Cold beads of sweab stood on Maida's face. With s'artling eyes sho watched, powerless to move a limb or utter a cry, one thought alone possessing her, in the shape of a vaguo prayer tl'ab the Some thing might not approach her or turn its face. Slowly tho white figure reached the nave, and was gliding towards the door, when all at once, as it came opposite to the bableb to the memory of Lady Ilart leigh, it threw up its arms, and turning full towards Maida, wailed mournfully : ' Mother ! mother I' With an awful horror, Maida saw that the face waB that which she had la9fa seen lying cold and rigid in a far away land. For oho moment she stared in speech less horror and then Btarted forward with a wild cry. Tho face turned from the tablot with an expression of horror nob less than Maida's own, stared an instant, and then, with a wail, cried : '?You ! Is ib you, then?' Tho cry rang in Maida's ears liko a call from tho dead, and, with a piorcing scream, sho sank senseless on the cold stones. CHAPTER XXV. ? ' X AM SIR RICHARD'S DAUGHTER !' It) seemed to Maida that an ago had passed when she recovered consciousness, i and slowly, fearfully raised her head and lonko'l at tlio spot where she had seen j bho accusing face. Sho gave a great gasp ( of relief when sho realieod that bIic was , alono. Painfully sho rose to her feet, j murmuring : j '!;Have I been asleep, or — or was it a ' vision? No, such things are not possible. Thero aro no ghosts, save our own evil conscionc^s. And yet — and yet — oh. Heaven ! how like ib was I And — and — there ib stood, thoro by her mothor's bablef, uttering her nome — crying 'Muther, mother!1 It was a dream— ?-nly a d renin ; but ono moro such dream would drive tno mud.' It was some minutes before she could summon sufficient courage to leave the shadow of the pillar, and make hor way to the door ; but at last she passed out of the chuich, and closing the dcor, stood in i lie porch, drawing her shawl round her, and stiuvgling hard for the co:upostr e so difficult to gain. She looked about her wiili half-fearful scrutiny, and seeing nothing ghostly or human, w--»nt to the SHte. , As the put her hand upon it she. heard somn'hing move, and looking tip, saw a; fisure advancing swiftly towards lur. Jl' was no vision, however, but Caryl Wi-ton He peered . at - her uncertainly . for a moment, and. then, with a gesture of relief, advanced to her sid-*.. ' Is it yon ?' she t=nid,' forcing a Einile. ' Why aie ybudiore? — why do yuu staro so? Do I look like a — ghost?' ' Forgive ine,' he said, in a low: voice, ?' T could not remain in the house while you were out here uloi.e.' ' How long have you been here ?' she asked.' ' Not more than a fow minutes.' 'Not more than a few minutes I ' she lepeated. 'Did you see nny-hing?' and she glanced back nt the church with an irrepressiblo shudder. ' Yi-s,' he replied ' - ; ; 'Yes!' and she Ktartcd and uncon sciously laid her hand on his arm; looking at him with eager, alarmed eyes. '?Yes,' he said, ' I saw -Mr. Mi'es Barton.' Her hand would have fullnn from his arm again, as she turned away with a i^h of mingled relief and disappoint ment, but he laid his hand on hers and drew it closar to him. t To be Conlimied. ) 