I AT THE FRONT. PRIVATE T. WHITWAM'S EXPERIENCES WRITING under date 21st ult., Private T. Whitwam, a son of ex-Cr Whitwam, of Pilgrim street, Foatscray West, at present with the First Victorian Con- tingent in South Africa, gives some in teresting facts relative to his experi- ences in the ranks. The following is a copy of his letter: "Kloop Military Camp . . ... As no doubt you: have read in the newspapers of our whereabouts, you will know that we have been under fire. We are how within two miles of Colesberg, and the enemy are around us in shoals; in fact, as I write, they are sniping at our pickets on the hill along side our camp. We left Enslin on the 30th January, and arrived at Naauw- poort on the Ist February, and the last named turned out to be the nicest camp we have been in to date. How ever, we were there only one day when we were ordered to the front as cavalry. I suppose you know that we are all mounted and we have the finest l horses you ever saw; they know their work to perfection; as they were formerly Lancers' horses in India. When we arrived at Rensburg we were inspected by General French who remarked that we were a fine body of men. but he thought we were rather too heavy for horses. Anyhow, before we were there four hours, myself, eight other men, a sergeant, and one lieutenant, were ordered out on 'patrol, with instructions to keep our eyes open, as there were Boer snipers within a mile and a half of the camp, along Slingersfontein road. However, nothing happened out of the ordinary until we.were about.five miles out of camp, when I heard a shot a few hundred yards in front of me, but owing to it coming from the front of a hiill in my track I could not see ihe man that fired it. I kept my horse at a walk for a few yards, when, all of a sudden, I saw a man riding on my right at a gal- lop. i jumped off my "neddy" and put a shot after him. As soon as I fired he stopped, pulled out a white handkerchief, and waved it. I there- upon rode towards him, .and found, to my dismay, that he was attired as a scout. To make things more certain he was in a great "scot" about me firing at him. He took mynaime, number, and regiment, and I thought it was all right umil I got up .to the remiainder of the: iatrol, when I found that he had fiird ohn one of ri'y mates, and:that, he'had aidply bluffed nme' to let him escape. Anyhow, he got the biggest fright he ever-will 'get without :being hit as''ie was as white as a ghost aid declard that ibe shot' just inissed his inose'. Thefi shot he fired at my. mate went abbutt zo2 feet wide of the mark. The lieutenantt in charge sa'd Iwasa.quite justified :in fling at the felloi,ý and .said that he. wished I had bowled h:iim . over. :-.We left Rensbiirg'i on he 6thFeibrua'y, dis-; mounted, and marched:a distance bof. i5 miles to' oiu: present position: As w ,were nearinig thia;cam6 we had to pase& an iopen ioad, asod;were shelled- by- the enemy's: Vickers ,-Maxim- ,-gun. :he shells were burstingall allaround us; biut happily, no one was hit. One sbelL burst ..wiihin few. yards. of .Captain: , McInerney without touching him. Our position is from Bastard's Nek ;'. roi'nd.. to Slinigersfohteip,e.a radiusoft le. pace.to.. get o ut* o or into,, their position, a!)d whenever they.move they; are shelled by the gu'ns on Cole's Kop, a very large hill, which comhmands the. country.for miles, soybu cfani see they are inia pretty tight corner. We can not show, our heads above the" hilli either, without getting bullets at us; i-it fact, they are .whistling over our heads; all day, although thjey cannot do much harm. -If:we go too fir to the left of: the lines we'are liable tb. be.hit, as th:e buillets dop there pretty thick at times;: A shell dropped: into the centre of the. camp yesterday, .apd-burst behind our' tent, without doing :any daage. . : . ;'. ' we are kept. 6on the -jumpi do not be alarmed if my letters are not regular. . . .. 