| OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. i The labors of ol Parliament faillament were confined connuea i t)1Ia w<!<.k t0 tw0 days, tbe House adjourning over — Thursday to give boo. member* a chance of seeing the Agricultural Show at Flemingtou. Two railway matters were dealt witb partially by the Assembly on Wednesday evening—the first reading of the bill to authorise the construction of a line from Moe to Walhulla, and the announcement of the fact that the Railways Standing Committee would be asked to report 00 a liue the Government propose constructing, which will connect tbe Bendigo, Goulbum Valley acd North-Eastern lines of railway. The Bendigo and North-Eastern line, it inay be said, are already joioed by a cross-country line which does not pay too well. The MOD to Walhalla railway is really a legitimate reply to a reasonable demand. Moe is only about SO miles from Melbourne ou the Gippslaud line, and Walhalla is something a little under 30 miles from Moe. There is a fair stream of communication aod the Walhalla folk have been promised their liuc siuce 1SS5, but tbe always thorny questiou of route bas delayed matters. However, they are likely to get their line eoon and nu one will begrudge tbem it. Well would it be for Victoria if oo more unreasonable and unnecessary railways than this had been constructed. The agricultural show is "past and over," and there is ouly oue opinion about it, namely, that it has been a great success. Ths weather bas been almost ideal—save foi a little rain on Thursday—and the wiud and sun combiued dried the grounds nicely. The lunch, us usual, was accompanied by the initible "back scratching'' speeches, but this has not the same nauseating eflect at a nocial function as at a political oue. The Lieuteuant-Goveroor was urbauc as be cv«*r is, and bad nothing but pleasaot words and flowery compliments for the Agricultural Society, the officers, exhibitors, visitors aud everyone in general. Ooe of tbe great features of the show now is the iuterest which the Melbourne public— apart fiom those who are interested in agriculture, the breeding of stock or dairy operations—take iu it. Some years ago the show WBB voted rather slow by many city folk who either did not patronise it at all or took a languid stroll round the grounds. Now, however, all this ia .changed, and oue hears lhe show mentioned io Collius'streut morning and afternoon during tbe days it is opened, as if it was ao less than the much woisbipped Cup meeting itself. "A subjeot for a leader" is a phraee that is Dft?u 00 the lips, and a thought that fre- quently passes thiough the brain of the modern journalist, and without doubt it is a hard matter to obtain a suitable ane. The Age man who writes tbe leading articles for that journal has, however, struck out a new liuc, and ou Saturday Diorniog subscribers ts this mighty sheet found a touching leader on love flanking their breakfast cups. The article is based on the misfortunes of u Danish cook in Little Collins street, who has been consigned to tbe Melbourne Gaol by that man of adamant, Mr Pantan, P.M., because of the prisoner's refusal bo ceaye annoying a housemaid with his attentions who is engaged at the same "pub/ 5 On the' facts, as a text, the Age writer rears tl homily on 'Move," and mixe3 up Venu Duncan Gillies, Byron, Sir William Zeal, Dr.Johnsou and Josh Billiugs in & wonderful way. The article i* at first des the foolish infatuation—probably an animal oue without a spark of sentiment io it—of the cook for tiie housemaid, and euds up with a quotation regaiding love to the effect that " fio.n heaven it came w> heaven returueth." Altogether it would be better foi the Age to coufine its leaders to such subjects as tbe Melbourne and Metropolitan Hoard of Works, or lo the "settled policy" uf the country on fiscal matters. There have been two strange shunting ac cideots al theCaulfieid railway station lately in connection u ith the making up of the ract specials, and aa inquiry has been held by the Department ioto the matter. It seems a number of carriages were run off on to the siding, and while they were there the engi rau oo to Ibera so violeutly as to knock o about very much and slightly damage a other. Railway employees as a rule I dare say arc as careful as most meu—iudeed, for their own lives' sakes tbey should be more than ordinarily cautious, but I must say 1 have seen a good deal of this bumping about of rolling stock in various parts of th colony. In the case of an engine backing o: to a passenger train it seldom happens tiiat there is any shock, but in shunting trucks aud goads train work generally I he some pretty hard coutaclsof the bufl< It seems the Oddfellows Ijodge at l'erung sent a cablegram Lo Lord Roberts congratu lating him on hia successful attacks on tilt Boers, and| that his lordship bas replied— rilis is very satisfactory, but the action of tbe Terang Oddfellows ie almost like that of '.lie good folk of Yea, a lio when the French found Dreylus guilty sent a letter of indignation tc L'aris, and said they would ha nothing Lo do with the Exhihiiiou. 1 caurse men like Lord KubcrLs answer letters, through Ll'eir secrelary, of lliis sorl, but they must smile lo Lhctns Now Lbat lhe final Australian soldier has been despatched lo South Africa theattiac tions of the huge stja.ner, the Medic, as a passenger vessel are again attracting alien lion. She only carries two classes of passen gers, second and steerage, and her fares art remarkably low. Owing lo her si?e the 1110 tion is not so apparent as GO a siliallci vessel and she should be extensively patio Particulars are lo hand regarding Lhe eslate of the late Mr Edwin Matthew Jam the well-known surgeon, formerly of Coll street, bul wbo retired some years ago a »ent to live in Scotland. Tile estate Victoiia amounts lo £69,000. divided ir CSOOO realty and personal property to tbe value ot i'ti1,000. The disposition ot the pro perty shows as far as astrunger to the family can tell, that deceased was a man of common sense and just instincts, his " last will aud testament''IIDI beinj; cbamclciised by any of those faddish disposals of property and "crank'' conditions as regards beneficiaries under it, which sometimes are found is the testalory dispositions of wealthy men. One striking feature cf the Children's Hospital lUzaar held in tbe Exhibition Building the last week is the iuterest the male sex have tnkeu in it. Kormeily bazaars were looked upon as put-fly things that interested lhe female element, and men entered cautiously and got out ugaiu as soon as possible, aod as for doing anything in connec- Liou wilh them, except conseuling to be "fleeced.'' That was out of the ijuestiDn in the case of the Children's Hospital, however, the men have not only speut freely but worked hard and entered ioto the spirit of the thing ro,I amort, and vied with the fair sex iu Iheir eBort^ to make it a success. I saw io i society paper the other day that the four o'clock tea in England among people comfortably oH was getting such a substantial meal that it Mas driviog tho dinto S p.m. aod even laler. It getting more artilicial and unhealthy in our way of living year by year— Hint la as regards tbe wealthy classes, aud they arc "apod" lo a considerable extent by poorer people. The "assault in railway carriages" scare as regards young giils lias b>eu rovived and causcs more consternation than the "sub urban ghost," who generally " walks" duriug the winter months after sunset. There is evidently one or more villains engaged in grossly insulting lonely females on the suburban raiUay lines, aud it is higli lime there some meaus adopted whereby passengers 1 coull -"minuuicale with the guard. It. is fuund would all English milw-ays aud surely it swer heie. 