CURRENT TOPICS. An Approach ing Host. To those for whom an invasion of rabbits has terrors the description given " by Mr. A. Crawford of the belts of country that divide the more western portion of this colony from the South Australian boundary will have little consolation. It is evident that no confidence is to be placed in the existence of an arid desert. The lands, on the contrary, afford abundant pasture. # A good many evils, however, have another side and that alluded to does not form an exception. If a meat ring, or any other obstacle, hinders a supply of beef and mutton from being placed, at reasonable prices, in the markets, rabbits may go far towards forming a palatable substitute. # " Rabbits hot, rabbits cold, Rabbits young, rabbits old, Rabbits tender, rabbits tough, Thank the Lord, we've had enough." Such, as tradition has it, was the grace current among the retainers of a certain magnate whose numerous warrens supplied ; the dinners of his household. ' There may, no doubt, be too much of a good thing. Still to have enough, as their experience of the contrary just now qualifies house keepers in West Australia to testify, is a position not to be despised. # # . # llj lliwlCJ U1 C/j do ICpUl ICUj LiiC rabbits are advancing rapidly West ward, the situation does not seem» altogether deplorable. Elsewhere their presence has created valuable industries and furnished people with wholesome meat. Why should it not do so among ourselves ? TJie correspondent Serious Possi- of the London bilites. Times, writing from Peking on April 25, speaks as follows, his passing allu sions to Australia necessarily having for us here a special interest : — " Port Arthur will soon be a stronghold as povverful as Vladivostock. Huge stores of coal are held in reserve there. Silver is shipped there in quantities that affect the Eastern market. One mine alone in Australia has a standing order for 50,000 oz. a week. Immense quantities of flour ' have been stored there, the bulk, amounting to thousands of tons, landed at Chifu, being shipped- for Port Arthur. Meat is being brought from Australia in thousands of barrels, while only the other' day tenders were invited in Tientsin for 2,500 tons of wheat for immediate delivery." # # # The correspondent was dealing with the situation between Russia and Japan — the outbreak of the Boxers not then having taken, or ap parently being expected to take, such formidable dimensions. War between the powers in question he regarded as inevitahle, the only doubt being as to the time at which it should begin. # Some possible bearing, too, upon the future interests of Australia may be involved in the necessity that impels Japan to oppose Russia. The object of dispute is the possession of Korea, a country, to which the Jap- ' anese look as to afford an outlet for their surplus population. Their num bers now amount to 42,000,000, and they are. cramped by the natural features of their islands. A.n. opening for immigration, therefore, is. a matter with which they cannot dis pense, and Korea, were it not for the rivalry of Russia, would wfthout difficulty offer it to them. # # Is it altogether a wild freak of the imagination to suppose that, instead of this threatened war, an agree ment, under some possible outcome of the present hostilities, might be entered; upon by which Japan, in exchange for aid in obtaining else where the outlet she rieeds, would surrender her designs on Korea ? Japanese eyes, as is well known, have already been turned towards this continent, free admission to which would meet their views most acceptably. #' # # What is certain is, moreover, that if Russia contemplates with regard to the far East the acquisition of a standing that must clash there with British interests, among her preparatory movements must be one for crippling British power in these seas, by depriving- it of the support to be derived from these colonies. No hostile undertaking against Great Britain can now afford to leave such a measure out of its reckoning. The part taken by the colonies in South Africa had ensured this and that to, be now taken by them in China sets the final seal on it. # # Our concern in these Eastern complications is evidently far from inconsiderable. We, have of late A Danger of heard a good deal the Period, of a movement, real or imaginary, designated " Americanism." If 1 it may be gathered from certain articles recently published in one or other of the London periodicals, a movement on the oth'er side of the Atlantic is also on foot. SRS W It recalls to us the dealing in the Dublin Review , by Dr. Ward, with Dollinger and the Munich school of the earlier sixties. Mr. Wilfrid Ward, in one of his works on the life of his late father, summarises the matter as follows : — " Allow a psychology to be taught unchecked in the Catholic schools, or advocated by Catholic writers, which is incon sistent with the doctrines of free-will, grace, and sin, or a . metaphysic which undermines the arguments for Theism, laugh'at the Roman condem nation of such systems, and you have a movement on foot which, however much it may claim to be an en lightened Catholic movement, is really a movement against the Church." # # But all such movements S are phases of the Liberalism which, under as many forms as Proteus could assume, — slavish, as in con forming to social, or political, or other more petty interests ; or sub lime, as in responding to the preten sions of so-called science — is a chief temptation and danger of the age. Those who would rank as faithful children of the Church would do well, under each and all of its forms, to be on their guard against it. „ "The whole art of An Imperfect politics," said Tal- Definition. leyrand, " is the art of seeing." The definition is neat, but not per fect. The art of blinding has also a little to do with the matter. " He believed in Happy Hours the grand old prin- of Childhood, ciple of '.Civis Romanus sum.'" So did Mr. Vosper, M.L.A., express himself during the course of an address delivered by him the other night on Federation. But that is as dead as Lord Palmerston. We should have taken Mr. Vosper for one of the last men in the . world to believe in ghosts. Superstition, however, is one of those things that ineradicably cling. , The last word con-' The' Last cerriing the r e - Word. moval of the mail " - steamers has been uttered at Albany by a Celestial inhabitant. One of the largest Chinese vegetable growers has stated that if the mail steamers "no call Albany he chuckee up gardens." 