THE MESMERISTS CRIME, 1TTBLT8HBD BY SBBtitAL ARRANGEMENT. 73y 13, W. IFarjeon. Attor of " The G. aL Porter Square Mystery," "Grif," "The Sacred Numt" Miriam RozelU;" "A Pair Jewess," "The Golden Tnd," " The Betrayal of John Fordhatn," &c.;, &c.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER X. — ( Continued .) It was during one of his lalei' visits to Paris that he met the young lady who beoame his second wife. The passions and inclinations of men are matters of impulse Mid inheritance, and though they may be controlled they cannot be destroyed. The moment Bernard Maubray saw Uabrielle a new flower of love took root in his heart, and her image accompanied him when he went from her presence. She was very little older than his daughter Valerie, and it might leave been thought that the disparity in their ages would have held htm hack. But strong-minded as he was, the charm had fallen and he could not resist it. If occasionally the doubt in truded itself that the union of a lady with a man old enough to be her father was unwise, it was instantly dismissed. In tbe lives of most men there are overwhelming tides which carry them onward despite themselves. That Bernard Maubray loved Gabriellc passionately in no way lessened his love for Valerie ; it helped, indeed, to strengthen it, Inasmuch as it opened the door to a closer and more constant companionship with bis dear child. It wonld also impart new sweet ness to Gabrielle's union with him, for she would have a companion of her own age always by her Bide. He encouraged every argument favourable to the consummation of his ardent wishes, and dismissed every argu ment which hade him reflect before he took the final step. There were peculiar circumstances which hurried him on. Gabrielle's father was so entangled in pecuniary difficulties that rain tared htm in the face. Not only ruin but dishonour; for in his frantic efforts to release himself from disaster he had ip an incautious moment stepped aside from the path of rectitude. Exposure meant dishonour, dis honour meant death. When Bernard Maubray appeared upon the scene all this was known to Gabrielle, in whom her father, weak and &flrm; of purpose, had confided, and her soul was filled with horror at the threatened tragedy. Bernard Maubray was the one man who could avert this tragedy, who could preserve her father's honour, and in a moment of despair she consented to be his wife. No shadow of this despair was visible to Maubray, He loved, and was blind. The sadness of her face was accounted for by the doud which hung over her father's honoured name, the cloud which it was his good fortiffle to remove. To this cause, also, he attributed her wandering glances and the nervous clasping of her bands when he pressed his suit. In a certain sense her sadness im parted a spiritual element to her beauty, and, given that her heart was at rest, all else was well. But her heart was not at rest. 'She con sented to marry Bernard Maubray, but she did not love him. Had she made this clear to him he would have instantly released her, but he kept her secret close — the seoret which only one man could have suspected, and that ftia« one of the base creatures of the earth whose career wasatrewnwithperjured vows and blighted hopes, with shame and despair, and sometimes death. Even as it was she would not have accepted Bernard Maubray had she not bad a firm conviction that her days were numbered, and that she would soon go down to the grave with her secret unrevealed. By her act she released her father from impend ing dishonour ; by nature's decree she would be saved from a woman's deepest ebame. So they were married in Paris, and in the church in which the ceremony took place forked the villain who had betrayed her. He kept so far back in the gloom of unillumined pillars that he did not see the faces of bride and bridegroom ; he heard the sound of mur muring voices, and, the ceremony over, he lunk away, twirling his Mephistophelean, moustache with an air of satisfaction. It was an obstacle removed, and he was contented. Bv Toy faith," he murmured, with a smile, I have had my pastime, and Gabrielle is- settled in life. Farewell, my sweet Gabrielle." But if it contributed to his satisfaction to think that the consequences of his base act were for ever removed, and that they would play no part in his future, he could have paid no regard to that dread Fate which weaves its breads in silence and darkness, and over- ' turns the gTundest as well as the meanest of mortal schemes at the moment of fruition. We build our castles and dream our dreams, heedless of the unseen shadow which waits upon our actions, and lo ! when the edifice is crowned and the dream is dreamed, a thunder cloud bursts and lays waste tbe work of the best years of our life. Back in his house, with his bride and his daughter by his side, Bernard Maubraysent forth a work which set the seal upon his renown as one of the world's great paiuters. Three of his happiest months went by, and then the clouds became overcast. Gabriellc seemed to be pining away. Always quiet and reserved, she grew even fonder of silence end solitude. With love's solicitude he observed how thin and white she was, bow the least sound struck terror to her heart, how when she was in thought and he spoke to her she started as though to ward off a blow. He questioned Valeric privately. Had Gabrielle complained? " No." answered Valerie, "she never complains." "But she suffers?" Yes, she suffers." "Have you tried to ascertain the cause ?" " Yes, but she insists that she is quite well." "Is the house too quiet for her. Doe she wish for company,?" "No, she dreads it." And Valerie drew his attention to tbe circumstances that when visitors came, or strangers were announced, her one desire was to avoid them. Indeed, at this time, unknown to the father and daughter, Gabrielle was attempting flight to some spot where she was unknown, and where she could remain bidden from the sight sf all who knew her. He questioned Gabrielle also, and was distressed by the nervousness and fear she exhibited wber. they were alone together. " Do I frighten you, Gabrielle ?" he asked tenderly. No, no," she replied. " why should I be frightened when you speak to mc ?" But even as she answered she shrunk from him and could not look him in the face. , ' If you have any grief, confide in me." " Yes, I vnF T was never strong, you know." We will you strong," he said, Striving to speak cheerfully. " You are very -good to me — too good, too good !" She was on the verge of Tears, and be fore- bore to question her farther. All that love could do was done — without avail. Her peace of mind seemed to be destroyed. Bernard Maubray's most intimate friend was Dr. Weber, a physician of great skill and experience, and from this friend he sought advice. Dr. Weber accompanied tbe artist home, and gave a gentle hint to Gabrielle of the object of his unexpected visit. "My husband is mistaken, " she said, but Still with that strange air of fear about her. "I am quite well. It 16 only a little weak ness, that will -pass off. Iam glad to see yon, Dr. Weber, as a friend. I do not re quire medical advioe." Bravely as she spoke he could not com mand her voice ; her eyes filled with tears. Tears came easily now. "Well, well, madamc,' said Dr. Weber, " behold mc as a friend, not a physician." During the ensuing fortnight he paid several visits lo Crow's Nest, and making quiet observance of Gabriellc arrived at a conclusion. " She must have change of air and change of scene," he said to Maubray. "Of the two I believe the latter is the more important. She has something 011 her mind over which she is brooding, and the quiet routine of her life may be injurious. Map out a three months' tour, and do not stop three days in one place. Take her to theatres where light pieces and light music are being played. A little frivolity will do no harm." When the project was unfolded to Gabrielle she assented to it gladly, even eagerly. It was as if a weight were lifted from her 60ul — from Maubray's also. His heart grew light at the relief expressed in her countenance. He showed her 1 he plan of the tour he had mapped out, and spoke of the pleasure in store for them. " We will start to-morrow," he said. "Wei" eho cried, and the light died out of her face. " You, I, and Valerie," he said, wondering at this change in her. " No, no, she exclaimed hysterically. " I must go alone — alone." " My dearest Gabrielle " But 6he would not listen. With a scared look around, panting and weeping, 6hc cried again, "I must go alone — alone." So great was the violence of her passion that be ceased to expostulate with her. He would not, however, consent to her going without a companion, and after much urging and pleading a compromise was agreed upon, Valerie was to accompany her, and Maubray was to remain at home. As, in accordance with Dr. Weber's advice, the ladies were to stop no longer than three days in one place, it was arranged that Maubray should address bis letters to the posie reslante in the next town or city to which they were bound. "You will write regularly," be said to Gabrielle. "Don't aqk me to promise," she said. The moment I sit down to write a letter my head begins to ache." . But Valerie promised to write two or tbree t,mes a week, and with that he was fain to be content. So the odieux were spoken, and they rode away. Valerie in her letters spuke more of Gabrielle than of herself. Now the invalid was a little better, now she was not quite so well, now Bhe said she was feeling a little stronger. Time and time again did Maubray express his earnest desire to join them, if only for a week or a few days, but. Gabrielle would not hear of it, and somewhat to his surprise he was dissuaded also by Valerie, who before their departure was very auxiotxs that he should accompany them. Condemned to seclusion he took mental refuge . in work, and spent most of his time in the Ruined Tower, where he painted from memory a marvellous portrait of his wife, absence from whom intensified the love he bore for her. He wrote long letters to the absent ones, and to Gabrielle be poured forth his soul, writing as a young man might have done under the influence of the first divine dream of love. If sometimes in Valerie's tetters there was a forced gaiety, he did not detect it, having an eye only to tbe brighter issues of this enforced separation from those he held most dear. Thus month after month went by until four had passed, and then the thunderbolt fell. One morning, without any intimation that he was coming, Dr. Weber ascended the steps of the Ruined Toer, and stood in the presence of his friend CHAPTER XI. Bernard Maubray was putting the finish ing touches to the portrait of his wife, upon which until this day no eye had fallen but his own. With mingled admiration and distress Dr. Weber gazed upon the beautiful work. "It lives, Weber," cried tbe artist en thusiastically; "it almost breathes. What say you ?" "It is wonderful!" replied Dr. Weber, oppressed by the mournful news he was intrusted to communicate. The sad note in the doctor's voice drew Maubray's attention to him ; but he turned the next moment to the engrossing creation of his loving fancy. "I did not wish you to sec it," he con tinued, " nntil it was completed. It has been my principal occupation these last two months, and even now Iam scarcely satisfied ; it is hardly worthy of the original, hut who could hope to fix upon canvas a face and form so perfect ? It is my gift to her upon her return , when she looks upon it she will know that she has lived in my heart. Valerie'6 letters lead me to expect that I shall not have long to wait for our happy reunion." " I have heard from her," said Dr. Weber. From Gabrielle?" "No, from Valeric." Again the sadness of his voice attracted the notice of the artist, and now he gazed upon his friend more attentively. " I am guilty of great selfishness, " he said, laying his hand kindly upon his friend's shoulder. "It is the curse of our nature. Forgive my apparent indifference. You are in trouble." " Yes, I am it» trouble ; but not alone for myself, Maubray. There arc sorrows which affect us deeply through sympathy with those we love." Maubray's face grew pale as he laid aside his palette and brushes. " Yon have received a letter from Valerie. Does this sorrow touch me?" " It touches you, dear friend." " Valeric is ill," cried Maubray. "Then I must go to her. I was too weak and irresolute ; they should not have gone without me. I must go to them at once — at ouce 1" Valerie is well." said Dr. Weber, and his voice grew more grave. , "Good God! It is Gabrielle! Tell me quickly-— quickly ! Why did not Valerie write to me? Speak, man, speak ! Ihore is something in your face " Summon all your fortitude, dear friend. Valerie did not write to you direct because she feared the shock." 'The shock!" exclaimed Maubray. a vague terror stealing upon bim. "She is on her way home; she will soon be here." " With Gabrielle — oh, thank God ! Gabrielle is ill, but we will nurse her into health. My care, your skill " His agitation overpowered him, and he could not proceed. "Valerie conies alone," said Dr. Weber, solemnly. ' Alone ! " "Dear friend, there are griefs which need all our strength to bear. They come to all men ; it la tbe homao lot. But in the midst <rf our anguish we ninety not be regardless ot those who are still left to us, and whose love will help to soften even the bitterest strHwf of destiny. The sense oLdaty remains ; faith remains ; and Time, the healer, will mitigate our Bufferings." " Gabrielle fs dead ! " said Maubray in a muffled tone, sad turned bis faoe to the wall. "Alaa!" In that one word the revelation was clearly made. For many minutes neither spoke , then Dt Weber said' "Valerie asked me to break the sad news; she enclosed a letter for you." "Leave me, Webee," said the bereaved man " Do not speak, I cannot bear it. She is gone ? Gone ! " He sank into a chair, and covered bis faoe with his hands. A black desolation fell upon him ; joy died out of the world ; nothing but pain and sorrow remained. The image of Gabrielle presented itself to bim, as he firs! saw heriu Paris when love touched his heart; as he la6t saw her when she departed with Valerie. Had he but known— had he but known ! The image slowly faded, and ths world was dead. He did not weep ; tbe blow was too crushing for the relief of tears. Dr. Weber placed Valerie's letter on the table, and softly left the roonr. It was a full hour before he stirred from his recumbent attitude, and when be raised his head his eyes rested upon tbe portrait of Gabriellc. He had depicted her with a smile upon her face, aud her lips seemed to be openiug iu tlie ant of speaking. Was it possible that this dumb canvas should live and she be dead ? No, it was not possible ; some deceit bad been practised upon him. But Valerie's letter dispelled this delusion ; the words swam in bis sight, but reached his sense. " She died iu peace. % Dear father, be comforted." A smile, bitter in its rebellion against the inevitable, came from his lips. " Be oomforted ! " What ooold comfort a man living in a dead world ! This was a great tragedy in Bernard Mau bray's life, but in tbe heart of this tragedy was a secret, mercifully bidden from him by Valerie, the knowledge of which would have overwhelmed him with a deeper despair and a deathless horror ; a secret which would have shaken to its foundations his belief in human and Divine goodness. Mercifully spaced in deed, thougli his anguish was sufficiently poignant without that bitter knowledge which fay hidden in his daughter's breast. So overwhelming was tbe desolation of his soul (hat the presence of bis dear child brought no comfort ; that the presence of Madame Hart- maim, who came from Paris to console him, brought no comfort ; that seeing them day by day, with the consciousness that they were watching his misery with sympathetic eyes, animated, only with the loving desire to find a way to mitigate it, was an added torture to him. " What can we do for you, dear Bernard f" said Madamc Harhnann. "Leave me to myself," he replied, <( Nothing will help me but solitude. I must be alone to wrestle with my grief." So it fell out — for their pleadings were useless — that Valerie was once more banished from his home, and returned to Paris with her aunt. " You are not augry with me, father ?" she asked him on the day of her departure. ' Angry with you, my child ? No— no 1" "You will send for me ! You will let me come home again I" "When I am at peace, Valerie, when I suffer less, I will send for you." Ah, the pity in her face— the tender com passion with which she embraced the father she loved and honoured \ Was it treachery that she should keep her secret close, the secret that brought hot blushes to her cheeks, hot tears to her eyes, in tbe solemn watches of the night ? No, it was the truest mercy. It lay in its grave at peace, but no gTavc so deep as to help her to forget. To the last hour of her life its memory would remain. For two years Bernard Maubray kept him self secluded in Crow's Nest, admitting no friend or acquaintance with the single ex ception of Dr. Weber, and became uninvited. Upon the first occasion, indeed. Dr. Weber forced himself upon his friend, alarmed by the reports which reached him of the state of Maubray's health. "It is useless to expostulate," said Che doctor; "I am here, and here I intend to remain. Friends are scarce, aud I do not intend to lose mine if my poor skill can save him. You are notover-pleased to sec mo. Very good— or rather, very bad. Neither am I ovor-pleHsed to hoc you in the state you are. My dear Munbrny — my dear Maubray ! " The underlying affection in this little speech brought a faint responsive smile to Maubray's lip... " " I am glad to sea you, Weber," he said " Forgive the coldness of my welcome." " I will forgive everything when I see the Maubray of old before me. Not this Maubray that I see now — why, my dear friend, you are like a ghost ! Now let us he practical. What is the matter with you?" " I cannot sleep." "For how long has this been so?" " Many month." " I ain going to examine you. No protests ! I know my hn-iness, and yon know yours. No denying that : and no denying either that to waste a talent — a God-given. talent— is a heinous sin. How many pictures have you paiutcd this lut-l vear?" "Not one." "Then you have long arrears to pull up. You shall paint my portrait, so that a fitting presentment nf myself may go down to an ungrateful posterity." I cannot do it." "You shall do it. It is the only favour I have ever iisked of you, and I will not lie denied. I will give you the fir>t sitting to-morrow. Remember, Iamyourphysiciau." " I cannot put brush to canvas till I got some sleep." "I will ensure you sleep; the lonely life you are leading is sufficient to destroy your nerves and your brain. When did you hoar from Valerie last?" " Yesterday." "Is she well ?" "She uuvs so." " When did you write to her last F" "A fortnight ago." There was reproach iu the glance Dr. Weber cast upon Maubray, and he felt it. Life was beginning m stir within him ; tha friendly imperivusttess, the healthy boister- onsness of the doctor were telling upon the naturally healthy organisation of the aitist. " lr is not like you, Maubray, to neglect so sweet si girl as V-tlurio — your only child, who loves yuu devotedly." " I)o I neglect her?" "Would you ask that question a second time, Maubray?" " No. You are right in much that you say, in much that you imply. But you see, I am worn out.. The curse of sleeplessness un balances mo." Although Dr. Weber did not approve of opiates, he recognised the neces- ity of them in this ease. But. ho found th.st ordinary remedies were powerless to produce the need ful repose, and he was compelled to have recourse to a deadly drug of his own pre paring, which bad the desired effect. In a few days Maubray's eye whs brighter, his skin was regaining lis natural colour. The drug Dr. Wehcr administered was a dissolv able powder, and one of its virtues was that it was ta-teless and colourless, and that it imparted no flavour to tbe liquid in which it was dissolved. Thn« a person taking it unaware would not suspect its presence, and this peculiarity rendered it dangerous. So ureal was thn bum-fit Maubray derived from iL tint be insisted upon being supplied with several doses for use, if needed, at soma future time when tbe doctor's personal ser vices might not he available. Complying wilh thisii qm-st, Dr. Weber was careful to explain iho danger that levin taking a larger .lose rium he had prescribed. |TO HE CONTINUED,! MC— 7 A — mi>nl Dentists Society has been formed in connection with the Dental Hospital, Port land street, Loudon. At the inaugural lec ture it was Htatod that lc«s than 16 per cent of school b'jys and girl of an average ago of 12 do iiot require stunc treatment for decayed teeth. 