LIFE IN LONDON AND I THEREABOUT. CrmoNict-D fit Result W. tenor. Tito General Election-New Berth for Mr. Chamberlain - Gubiolos ia Barracks The Copyright of Speeches Burns's Birthplaces Haughty Domestics. WESTMINSTER, Oct 5. The polling, as far as it has gone, has made one thing clear, The rush of khaki emotion counted upon by the Government when fixing the date of the general election, is non-existent. I confess that at the date of the dissolution I, whilst certain the Government majority would be maintained, anticipated increase over upon its colossal figure. That, however, was before Sir H. Campbell-Bannerman, Sir William Harcourt. and, not least, Lord Rosebery successfully repelled Mr. Chamberlain's accusation that return of the Liberal party to power would mean modification in favour of the Boers of Bottle mont in South Africa. Mr. Chamberlain's tactics were obviously directed towards concentrating public attention on the war and its consequences, "> order to withdraw from observation the general course of administration during the past five years. The manoeuvre having failed, the absolute sweeping of Liberal candidates out of the field, at one time probable, has been never tod. The inherent tendencies of the Liberal party to divide and let their opponents rule is ineradicable. No record of disaster following on such procedure, however long or Mid, serves as a warning. Even now, at the instance of a fussy but in considerable member, we have a quite new section created, styling itself Liberal Imperialists. The Ministerial press have been quick to take advantage of this banality, and are working it for all it is worth in the way of discouraging Liberal effort at the poll. In their daily record of the returns they split up the Liberals into two parts, dubbing one " Liberal Impel arises." What is left under the historic name of Liberal thus becomes exceedingly small. It is a poor little game, but is adroitly played and causes much vexation even among the Liberal MP. who, with or without their consent, are labelled by the new-fangled name. As Lord Rosebery said when the style Liberal Unionist was first invented, " Liberal is good enough for Mr. Gladstone, and good enough for Mr. Bright. I am quite willing to walk under an umbrella with these two gentlemen." In the end it proved not quite good enough for Mr. Bright. But the moral inculcated remains. At the Carlton Club speculation as to how the place vacated by Mr. Goschen will be filled takes to-day a curious turn. It is said by men whose personal intimacy with Sir M. Hicks-Beach lends weight to their words that the Chancellor of the Exchequer is turning a fond eye upon the Admiralty. It is easy to believe that he does not regard with enthusiasm the prospect of facing exigencies at the Treasury during the next few years. All the financial crisis created by the administration of the past five years are coming home to roost. Not only quite- apart from war charges has national expenditure gone up by leaps and bounds, but, according to the highest authorities, including Sir Michael Hicks-Beach himself, the country is at the end of the boom in trade which made doles to the clergy and the landlords seem mere fleabite. Sir M. Hicks Beach was a most unwilling instrument in making possible this chucking away of the proceeds of taxation, and may reasonably insist upon someone else wrestling with its inevitable consequences. A concurrent rumour is much more startling. It is said that Mr. Chamberlain, sighing for fresh worlds to conquer, is ambitious to try his hand at framing a budget. His work at the Colonies, with which history will chiefly associate his name, is practically concluded, and he is quite ready for fresh work. A trained man of business, with one of the clearest head in the universe, he would make an excellent Chancellor of the Exchequer. But in the public interest it is to be hoped he will go to the War Office. He is the very best man thoroughly to clear out the Augean stable, a task that requires courage, determination, and freedom from caste influence. These ma- qualities his worst enemy will not deny Mr. Chamberlain. Lord Roberts's acceptance of the port of Commander-in-Chief of the British Army assures the undertaking of a long-talked-of reform. For many years he has taken a close personal interest in Lord Rowton'B lodging-houses. From the first he recognised the, applicability to barrack life of the fundamental principle of cubicle rooms, upon which these structures are bused. Early last year, before there was a prospect of his going to South Africa, he went thoroughly into the matter with Lord Rowton, and came to the conclusion that, whilst the introduction of the plan into barracks would add considerably to the moral and material comfort of the soldier, it would not in the end be more expensive than the existing system. Another high personage who has interested himself in the matter is the Prince of Wales, H U It. being heartily at one with the Commander-in-Chief in the matter early commencement of the desired change may be looked for. The House of Lords' judgment vesting the copyrights of public speeches in the newspaper reporting them is having curious results. A London publisher has in hand a book recording the life of Mr. Chamberlain. The story is illustrated by quotations from some of his more famous speeches. Those delivered prior to 1885 were taken from the authorised edition published in that year, which proved a rich mine of argument and illustration for the present Colonial Secretary's political enemies. The writer of the life of, bearing in mind the House of Lords' decision, wrote to the editor of the authorised edition of speeches asking permission to quote from them. This was readily given. But the publishers stepping upon the scene announced that if any portion of the book was used they would make a charge for it. This seemed to present an insuper- able obstacle to the privilege of quoting speeches, which Mr. Chamberlain, personally appealed to, freely conceded. by the end a simple means was devised whereby the exigeant publisher was off commented, The speeches had in the first in stance been taken from the columns of the " Times," being transferred bodily, with some supervision from Mr. Chamberlain's hands. This ascertained, the publishers of the life approached the manager of the " Times " with request for permission to quote the desired passages from the columns of that journal. This was at once forthcoming, and nothing worse than some delay has followed. But the strange case suggests quaint possibilities underlying the famous judgment. Even in the heat of election times the royal burgh of Ayr has been deeply moved by certain strictures appearing in the current number of " Punch " upon its exploiting for private ends the fame of Robert Bums. No one who has visited the birthplace of Burns or the monument can question the accuracy of the description given, or fail to share the indigna- tion expressed. The cottage in which the poet was born and the hideous, structure raised to his memory in the form of a monument are nothing more than cheap bazaars, for all kinds Of useless nicknacks on which Burns's name is taken in vain, are offered for purchase by the shocked pilgrim, Worse, because more conspicuous, are the placards on the walls inside and out, blazon- ing the attraction of tea, gingerbeer, and other temperance drinks. Neither the cottage nor the monument is a place for Soutar Johnnie or Tam o' Shanter. One can fancy the drouthy ghost at Burns revisiting his birthplace, mocked with proffer of " ginger all 3d a glass." Sooner would be sit down to him Id " and " cup of tea said." It is the same at the monument, with the added disadvantage of the ghastly structure. Ayr, proud of its greatest son, gives his memory away with " a cup of tea 2d." I hear from a private; source that this more aggressive scandal will shortly be removed. The concession for selling refreshments at this shrine of Scotchmen all over the world is approaching its term.' It will not be renewed, and the terrible placards will straightway come down. The trouble of domestic servants is, like the poor always with us. The war, answerable for [ much, has had an appreciable effect upon the male section of the servants' hall. The spread of education and the opening of comparatively higher paths. of life in the war of female clerkships and the like have permanent and growing influence upon the supply of female servants. We are drawing over nearer to the condition of things in the United States, where it is an act of condescension for a woman or girl to enter domestic service. A lady gives me a graphic account of an interview with a maid who was good enough to call in reply to an advertisement offering a comfortable place at high wages-I moan salary. " I may as well say," observed the morning caller opening the conversation, "that I am used to having a cup of tea brought to me before I get out of bed. Also, I do not think it necessary that I should always wear a black dress. In the afternoon, more especially in the spring and summer time, I like to wear a coloured blouse." "And do you," asked the lady, in sweetest tones, when she found a chance of interposing, " pack your own things when we go visiting ? " "Oh yes, I don't mind doing that," replied the visitor, unconscious of satire, "Then I'm afraid you will never do for me " said the lady, ringing- the bell to have the hall door opened. Another lady, advertising for a plain cook, received an encouraging reply intimating that as the family was small the writer was inclined favourably to consider the opening. This letter, being gatton from a distant town, the lady con- siderately proposed to meet the girl at a station halfway, paying her fare thither and back. She received the following reply:-Madame,-In answer to yours of yesterday I shall not be able to meet you at-station on Tuesday. I ask for the particulars of your situation. If I met you before knowing the particulars of the place after- seeing you I might not dare to take it. I have always had the particulars of the situation first and then seen the lady. I always like to meet ladies at their house, not in public." Here the correspondence once. That last rebuke was too severe. a 