T h e Sketclier. A Gold Coast Mystery. — (Prom the "Weekly Telegraph.") The. Royal Mail Steamship M-aboona was steaming slowly along the Gold j Coast, bound from Accra to Liverpool, and the passengers, iyiug about lu deck chairs, gazed lazily mn from under the. shade of double awniugs across the glittering w;ner at ilic lung coa.M line. W'iiich unrolled itself l.ke a panorama befure ijiciu, 1-roug limn of yellow beach, where the blue Ailamic ivJIeiy broke in sheets of snowy foam, ljtv bluffs crowned with great eot ion wood irctv, clusters of native liuts lying bcncaUi the shade of I feathery paluw, roaring surf-cove,red bar and river moutU, all camc iuiM«.ght, aud disappeared aa tile csieani.T Mjlcd aiong, mi ..I, lying some dixauce iK-bind the coast among what appeared io be in'.len of mangrove swamp, a lonely Jlattopped uiouiuaiu rose iu view. rue summit could be plainly seen against the blue tropic «ky, but tlie upper slopes Were covered with wreaths of mist, which was i>tr.iuge, as the itiot of tiio landscape lay suarp aud clear In the sunlight. " That must be tbe Uliost Mountain our black pa«sengeiis tell us the strange tales about. By the way, you promised to tell ms about the time you went to the top, Commissioner," said the Doctor, turning to District Counu.twiouer Oddy, who lay back ju a cane chair.. . The latter was a .slightly made, epare man, who was return.ug home invalided, haggard aud yellow iu face from the climate aud lever, but stili showing by the tia^h of his eye, aud the lirrii mouth, traces of energy ajid decision. He turned to the'Doctor, and answered: " Vets, 1 lived—and teverai timed nearly died—in sight of It for three years, but alcbougu I once tried I did not get to the top, and never wish to try again. The natives say no one but a Ju Ju maiii ever reached the summit aud lived." Here the passengers drew in theft' chains to lie ten, and the Commissioner continued: " It was some twenty years ago thajt Jevons, a trading agent, and myself sat out on tbe veranda of my house, smoking 'au after-dinner cigar. It had been a trying day, as hot as tire, aud at night it was if possible worse ; the inside of the room resembled au oven. Outside, however, a faint; breeze stirred, bringing ' with it the usual swell of burning wood, orange flowers, and lilies, mixed with the foul odours of mud and ewamp, and although there was considerable risk of'..fever, it' was just possible to breath* there, which you couldn't do inside. " After we Jiad smoked a while in silence Jevons stretched out his hand, and pointed across the miles of dense forest and mangrove swamps that lay beneath tbe bright moonlight, opening out here and there to show the glistening surface of a broad river reach, or the foul black mud of a tidal lagoon, to where tbe Ghost Mountain stood out clearly against tbe sky, with a silver cloud of mist wrapping Its lower slopes. " * When shall we climb that wonderful mountain, Oddy ?* " 4 Oh, whenever you.wish ; to morrow, it yon like,* I answered. We were both young, and, with my head full of the varied Information in tbe departmental books, I thought I knew everything about Africa and Its natives. I have changed my mind since, and am just beginning to learn a little now—while Jevons, a burly red-faced Englishman, wae firmly convinced that there was nothing worth knowing except how to make 23 per cent profit for his firm by cheating tbe natives. We both of us laughed at the superstitions concerning the mountain, so having decided to go I called for my Shan tee boy, blew my wbistle for Sergeant Arnun and Kosaoo, for there were ten 'Haussae' attached to tbe station. " A few moments later tbe two Haussas, who are, as you know, Mohammedan black troops, entered. Fine, tall men they are, from the far interior, with features much finer tban those of tbe Coast tribes, dressed in brown Karki uniform and a red fez. Willie they stood at attention I told the boy to bare two hammocks and .eight bearers ready by sunrise on tbe morrow. At tbis be urged us to abandon tbe -idea, saying tbat for four hundred years no one but a Ju Ju priest bad ever reached tbe summit without either dying or losing bis reason shortly afterwards. However, we both laughed at any ' supersti- tious idea,' and, turning to the black sergeant, I said: "" Are you, too, afraid to go, Arnum ?' "' Mountain be great Ju Ju, sah ; not good to meddle with the Fetish of tbe heather; but where Commissionah go, Arnun and Rossoo go too, even though the mountain be full of devils,' was the faithful fellow's answer. That is tbe nature of tbe Mabommeden. Treat him fairly and lead him well, and be will follow you through Hades. " We started at daybreak next morning, travelling as far as we could in our hammocks, with plenty of black carriers, until tie bush became so thick tbat we bad to go on foot "I remember tbe morning well, tbe bright sunshine and brilliant flowers Where tbe forest was thinner, and tbe solemn dimness and wreaths of mist tbat lay around tbe trunks where tbe great branches met above us, every tree festooned with banging creepers. We did not know then that this mist miglit meajj quick death, and tbat the smell of an African forest, half aromatic and half repulsive, Was generally full of fever. "On we went, winding in and out among tlie trees, now crossing a clear space, and again cutting our way with uatcheis through thorny bushes, until, when night came, we camped beside a little creek, and t lay awake until dawn, listening 4o tbe rustling of leaves and' tbe voices of the forest, and watching tbe fireflies flashing in the grass. " In -tbi morning we made an early start, and, after a bard day's march, climbing and stumbling among mangrove roots, several times nearly losing our lives in the pools of fathomless mud that abound in those swamps, we camped at sunset under tlie mountain itself. Dividing us from it rail a broad, shallow stream, rippling pleasantly over a sandy bed, only to lose itself lower down among the rottenness and slime of a mangrove swamp. The moon shone, brightly on the water, and iu the bush around us not a leaf stirred, but the mountain in front lay wrapped in a dark cloud of mist, out of whln.li we eould bear the rustling of trees and tbe mosping of a night breese. Our bearers, in spite of. the liberal pay promised them, showed signs of making off, 'declaring tbat none of lis would return alive, and it was only by threats that we could induce them to'remain. "When dawn cams We forced jtba stream, and just as we stepped out of the water came upon two tall wands of Mcented' wood, driven into the sand, each. carrying a white cloth dipped in blood. This is one of the Ju Ju marks, and where It is set up wltfe the proper oereawiia} ran jJt jgi s w •Mgoa tarn, and do native wonia date Is touch it " Ao we passed Jevons, ont of wantonness, and with some silly remark about 'puffing up nigger superstitions,' snapped one of the stakes across his knee, and set the pieces floating down the stream. I at once turned upon him angrily: "What did you do that for T lou fool, look'at the carriers; you'll see they will all bolt now, wowe frightened tban ever,' "' fx>t of silly niggers ! Let then) bolt, and we'll go on alone, eb, Kossoo ?' be »aid, turning to the lioussa. " ' Whether they be sticks and stones I know not,' ©aid tlie latter in bis own tongue, a Utile of which I knew, 'but It Is not good to insult the gods of the heathen,' and by this time I knew he was right. I was a little uncomfortable, for I noticed ; the carriers muttering one to another, and looking at my companion in a threatening manner, hut we induced them to go on by drawtag our revolvers, and the climb commenced. .." -WJi i'le tilio smin <Sione over tflie forest below us 'tihe nioiiiiMii sides w<stp oovered wlith wlli'i'te mist, wtoWb sosfl;ed (Oiir ylOuhes aind iseoaned to go through to the 'bane, and, wMe we could feel no aiir om our feces, we could hear tfbe trees overtiead tswtay^ng and jnurtltag in the , freeze. The lower slopes were oozing •with water and mud, so till at our np- .wa'rd iiMi-oli was difficult tied dismal, <vs])edfcUly as w 'had to out our way tjliruugto thorny bushes and -masses of •tiuli'liiLg plaints, m<K>t of the time. Up we went, snruggliiig, through swu.mp ind brake,. uin-aij t»>wards afternoon I iioiieed -my ©onnpaniion got stiangely quiet, oaiid Shiad a flushed, swollen look aliout Oris face, wibacli I did not like. "Wbeji -We stopped a few minutes for breach I said : " ' Wihat's Ulie matter, Jevons ? Are you iU Y but I ooly got a surly, ' No : go on,' for am answer, and we continued •our way, and by G o'clock were some flialf-way up Hhe momilato. " Here we ftmnd a Tittle clear epaice strewn wiiili a few large flat rodks, taard as tthe 'bearers ihad brougbt some dry iwood from ube forest, below we made a 'fire and. prepared to camp. Once or 'itwloe.I noticed JevouS stagger as Ibe ••moved about arraoghig Hie simple meal, aad ait iladt I made ihim sit down and feave d ; t uilone. Wtalle -tikis was going (om wihat Mttle dim Hight'there was faded It way, aind am to teaiee'' dark-hose closed twouiw) us. -My friend arte nothing, bun. Id- rank Some of the spirits fund quinine 'L gave Mra, iand tibeu said : " 'I don't know witaUfs the maitterwlth •me; my Qieadte on fire, and I. can't hold mjiiseilf, up. Some one' must' have poisoned . me—or acwneUflng. I'll, go to eleep."' :. • •" Wrapping thton Jin ihfc waterproof slbeet I pi acted some baggage under Us bead, and sal dowtn beside him. " • Anmn and Kossoo.' X said, * 111 watch Oiattf tihe might—you sleep.' 'Xlheni I flhrew more wood on tihe fire, and began my lonely vigil. • Overhead the trees swayed and rustUod, aind a drill wind drove in my fax*, while fantastic wreaths of mist drifted across tihe firelight. The red glow fell oa ray <»mp!WMOii's face, aaid I saw how flushed and distorts it was, whiffle he moved uneasily in 'his 6leep, find murmured from time to time. Drifting out of -flic darkness came the iiuoaning of tihe wind and the myriad voices W the forest, aud I listened until at last my eyes dosed and I fell ta&teep.; " After doling uneasily a -little I theard a weak voice cailing me, (and, rising to mjr feet, saw .Tevons trying to liaSse M-nnseJf. Hastily runming across to Siim I laiis&d; his head, and lie gasped out: •'' I don't know wihalt it can be, but I fed I'm dying. Hold my hand ; don't leave me,' and tihen his liead fell back oa my ksnee. "Galling Amiin, I told him to biting some more wood, and to rouse one of the beareins, and for the Wtfle while be was away in the darkness I felt strangely desolate, to a few minutes toe retmrned. " * The Shatntee men ail line for go a way,' he eaSd ; 'only Amiun and Kos- 600 here. Whore officer man live, there be H&ussa; man.' Then he made up the ire and sat close beside we. " I rihaill (never forget -the (horror otf that dismal nllght, sitting by tflie glow •of the fire, waWblng the flickering shadows as I Iheld -my dyfling comrade's Stead on my knee. The mist drove past tin wi-ea-tlha, tihilllmg me through •wKih Its clammy touch, while all airound the bronidhes swayed aind rustled as the wiind swept through tihe trees, and at (intervals the snort of tibu Jeopard seeking tods prey sotunded •fflirough the foresL Jevams moved wea&Uy; at times, aind clutiohed my (hand, but never recovered oomfioloiifinetss, and when at lengiib 'tihe weary might passed, and •the dim light <rt dawn caiine filtering through tihe branidhes, I saw with horror rliat he was dead. "Atoaudoniimg a31 our luggage we three started to retrace our steps, attempting the almost Smpoesiible task of carrying the body of our comrade with us. All day we struggled downhill, through mud and tHiorny tliticket, tearing ou.r clothes -to ribands, and at times getting a nasty wound outiseJvos, always in the «anne cloud of clammy mist, X alternately abating with the fever whicfli mow attacked me, and abusing our cowardly oarriens foa - deserting us. Towards evening we reached the elmum wlM<Jh separated the mountain from the mangroves, and here we flung ourselves down, and, with pafims in every limb, amd with my blood Tike liquid fire, 1 lay •tiill mornnng in the buining grcip of fever. "When daylight came 1 could ecanwely stand alone, and, as to carry the body any furuher was limpossiMe, nothing could be done but Do scrape a shallow hole in the sandy strop by the river, and lay lit there, at tlbe foot of the 'two ,Tu- Joi waaide; for when we returned the mfiiaetog one ihad been replaced. " All tihat day. with swimming head and useless -Kmte, I leaned on tihe rihouWers of-my faithful foiioweiis. amd, half-oawied <und hallf-staggering, managed to get through the awful tract, of maiugrwets, tolacik mud, and swamp, whJah we had to eroas. Struggling njtfng (hflJf-oonsnious la,te that night we reached the «pot where tilie haimmocks had been left, (laid. aJtflwugh they were worn -out witlh fattigue, the two standli Haiussas txwk uie up, -and, tiraive.lMiig along the clear path, we came sbaggertajz (into the compound at danvn—two Itragg'ard, tialttered beams and an uiacunRoious man. ' •• For (ten dajyis I lay between life and dfl&th;, anid then slowly recovered." " Did your friend rihow symptoms Of malaria V" asked .nhe doctor. " 1 have seen many men die of (ever, •but none Ifke that," answered tihe oomintesiouer; "tout from Itat day I have «w»efullly atvoOded amy insult to tthe native FofcWb. I can give you no reatsous, and can only say with Hamlet, 'There aire mare things In heaven and esuHh titan aire •dreamt of in your phllosofpthy.' And J'f you wish to know aD3 the strange things 1ihat happen tin the Aiflrlqan forests you must spend your J&fe; amuirig Hnm* 'Apropos of the increase of tbe Navy, tt Jfoes wtthout saying tbat u (racolad It twa - yiUi X* ciothcs ~ 