In Full Requital. By E. DE CASTELLA. qma- COPYRIGHT. . - t iV . CHAPTER IIL iva.tCj , remained in a half dreaming, half uncomjpious state at the foot of- the crucifix, while" he light faded from the body of the church,, fingering only on the western win- do w, ,, giving greater depth to the magnifi cent coloring of the figures, so that thev seemed -living beings floating in mid air. People came and went, little . children trotting, noisily up the aisle and looking, as indeed they were, quite at home in their Father's,. House; young men just out of their .offices, old men and women returning thanks , for another day of life; but no one heeded. Kate or the baby, now sleeping quietly .in her arms. At last a little old woman nearly fell over' her in(,the gathering darkness, and stopping began volubly to apologise. A queer little figure she was, standing under the solemn arches, her face puckered into innumerable wrinkles, her grey locks drawn smoothly buck under a black hat and fastened into a tight little knob behind; a cape, intended for a . much larger woman, hung from her thin shoulders, while gloves, also much too big. for her, covered her withered hands. "Sure it's meeself that's sorry to have kicked you, child," she exclaimed in a fright ened whisper; "but what with me having lost me glasses and the dark like, it's not me that's to blame. And whatever are you stay ing, like that on the cold floor, getting your death; and the baby, too, will be wanting its slipper and its bed. Come, now, let me help .you." And. suiting the action to the word,;, she bent down, and taking hold of Kate's unre sisting -hand drew her gently to her feet. When she /was standing her desolate condi tion was made much more apparent, and the old woman drew hack with a little ex clamation of horror. "Why, whatever!" she began, and moved instinctively away from the forlorn object before her; then her glance falling on the marble form of the Christ that glim mered white among the gathering shadows, she stopped,, hesitated for a moment, made a hurried step forward, seized Kate by the hand and drew her quickly from the church. "Don't tell me anything," she said, as the latter made an effort to speak. "God be good to me, I was going to turn my back on a creature, and one well nigh clemmed, as a baby in arms could see with half an eye. Can 1 1 tell you've come a long distance, for those mud stains were not picked up in the streets of Sydney; and your boots, boot I should say, all torn with the tramping! Come home with me and rest, poor child, and vtlien you can tell me all about it." Arid talking without a break, the old soul) trotted on, holding Kate fast by tile luirid,' as if she feared she would run away. Soon she stopped at the door of a little shop, put a key in the lock, and ushered in heriguest with nn air of proud proprietor ship, led her into the kitchen, and forcing her into a chair, bustled about preparing a cup of tea, talking steadily all the time. "You say you've come from far away" (Kate had not opened her lips), "and it's late to look for a night's lodging, so where should -you stay but here — for you've got an honest face" (as old Maggie could see plain enough). "And mustn't we help each other — you to-day, and me, maybe, to-morrer. And when you've rested you can tell me what you like. Not that I'm one for talking and prying into my neighbors' affairs. Least said, soonest mended, say I, and always have said. Just what you like, my dear — just what you like." And. so the good old soul rambled on, not often having the luek to meet sueli a patient listener, letting her fingers, however, go al most as fast as her tongue as she brought hot water to wash the tired limbs, tended the baby and combed out the matted hair, uttering many exclamations of pity as she worked. "There, now," she said at last, as a frag rant odor of fried bacon filled the ro.om. "It's a hard tussle you've had, child. But it's over now, please God, and to-morrer we'll see Miss Harriet, and she'll tell us what to do. Ah! the good lady, is Miss Harriet, my mistress that was. Heaven send her a rich husband— and that clean and partic'ler, you can't think. And quite right, too, for one can't he too tidy." And so saying, Maggie opened the back door and flung the remains of their meal into the yard. "Sure the creatures— my two eats and Mrs..Burns's dog— will soon clear it up," she remarked, as she knelt and crossed her self, preparatory to beginning her night prayers. So rest and shelter came at last to poor; sorely-tried Kate. Miss narrfet, to whom Maggie went for advice, and who came down to the shop, heard her Btory, and looking into the clear depths of her eyes, believed it. She pro vided her with clothes, made her rest for a time with Maggie, and afterwards took her into- her own service, arranging that the 'child should he entrusted to the old woman's delighted cafe, Kate spending her holidays with them both. Kate grew to he very fond of her gar rulous friend, listening patiently to her end less Btorics as she played with her child or put some much needed' stitfiies 1 into Mag gie's clothes, the latter having usually re course to the friendly offices of a pin when ever a rent appeared in one of her gar ments; "Ah, but you're the kind darlin'," cried Maggie, about a year after their first meet ing. 'And the bcautifullest stitches you do put in; not but what a pin's good enough for me. What do I be wanting witli all those fine buttons for? Tommy, now he's different, bless his little' heart, we won't put a pin near him, will we, the precious lamb? He calls me Granny, he does, quite plain, I've taken to him wonderful, and his eyes remind me of my poor brother Jim. You've not heard of Jim? The wild fellow lie was; wait now, till I get his portrait to show you. It's years and years since he left us, but he nearly broke my heart, he did, and me like a mother to him." So saying, she rummaged among the con tents of a box on the side table, and finally discovered a torn photograph, which she placed in Kate's hands. Kate looked at it carelessly at first, only to please her friend, but as her eyes gra dually took in the faded features, her hands trembled, the moisture started to her fore head and it seemed as if a cold hand was tightening round her heart. She rose abruptly to her feet, steadying : herself against the tabic, while she said in a voice that caused Maggie to stare at licr in affright: "That's my hus— that's Jim Scott." Theii yielding to a paroxysm of fear she moaned, "Oh, and I — thought I was safe away from it all. Hide me, hide me; tell me he won't come here." Maggie, wholly at a loss to understand the cause of her sudden terror, soothed and comforted her as best she could, and, an swering the last words of her sentence, as sured her that there was no chance of his coming there. "Why, he's been away for years and years: irone- for- sood nnd alh vnn mn!.M your mind easy; whatever should he come here for, at all, at all? And he couldn't hurt you, child, if he did. What's Jim Scott to you, dear?" "Oh, you don't understand," wailed Kate. "He's the man I told you about — the man I married. What shall I do, what shall I .do?" "Look at that now. The man you mar ried. Jim Scott, my good for nothing bro ther. The black-hearted — villain! Sure, now, his angel was praying for him a year back that I should find you in St. Mary's and make a kind of . restitution like. Oh, to think of it. To deceive you like that, my' pretty, and that I should live to hear it. I, that nursed and tended him, being so much older; and mother dying when he was born. Did you ever hear the like?" And flinging her apron over her head, Maggie sat down by the fire and hurst into a low crying, piteous to hear. "But what a goosgMLam,l(,. she cried at last, jumping to ArfrMtretl /TIefsrnot likely to come to SvrfneyjTiJriil if 'lie clots, lie does not know yoify2,ljere. You go bacli.$o,'dear Miss Harriet's and' iijii die; comes, leave 'me to deal with jiinil" And ;U for Tohimyj- is lie likely to know Miliiv if he did sec him, after all this time? Come, "keep. up a good.heurtj you'll be all right, neverfear,",-. . — " So Kate allowed herself to be comforted, and as the time passed persuaded herself and Maggie that there was indeed no fear of her being troubled by J im's presence, and after the first shock of the discovery he formed a bond of union between the two women, Maggie trying, as she said, to make restitution by every means in her power, and at the same time trying to soften Kate's heart towards the man who had so bitterly deceived her. "He's not all bad, God he good to us," she would say. "It's the drink, curse it, that's been his ruin. Drink and a softness for pretty faces; and no harm in that if he'd known where to stop. The one and the other are good enough if you don't get too much of them. But there, he never could say no to either, so one must make allowances for the poor fellow." And she would wipe away a tear and be stow an extra hug upon Tommy. The days slipped quietly by in "Miss Har riet's" tranquil home, nnd in its peaceful shelter Kate began to recover breath after the storm that had beaten her to the earth. It was now five years since that terrible day when she had learnt of her husband's treachery. Time had softened the shock and partly obliterated the first sickening sense of horror. Her life in Sydney flowed so calmly on, away from all that was associated with her. former existence, that by degrees she almost came to regard her short year of married life as an evil dream and faced the future with a brave heart, saving up her wages in the hope of buying a share in old Maggie's Bhop and managing the business for the latter when old age and infirmities should render her glad to hand over its cares to a capable deputy. And in the mean time she served Miss Harriet with loving solicitude; that lady rejoicing in the gift of attracting to herself all with whom she came in contact, so that her remaining "Miss Harriet" was a mystery to her friends no less than to herself. CHAPTER IV. One hot day in March Kate sat at work in the tidy kitchen. She was all alone, for her mistress had gone on a week's visit to the country, and her fellow servant was out for the day. The houBe was very still, and she worked placidly on, lost in pleasant dreams of the future, when she and. her boy should be to gether in their own home, and Maggie should: rest her active little limbs in .the snuggest corner. Poor Maggie, how untidy she was, and how slovenly; but what a noble heart heat in that withered form; so unselfish and humble; so ready to run for others, to spend and be spent on any whose poverty or sor row appealed to her tender charity. Happening to look through the window, Kate saw the object of her thoughts coming towards the house, with Tommy by heride, but not going at her usual little trot, talk ing gently to herself as was her wont; To-day her steps lagged, she seemed al most to be sneaking up the street, and every now and then she stopped short and looked round furtively, as if she feared that she was followed. Kate threw down her work, nnd ran to open the door, but the lock was stiff, and her fingers trembled with an indefinable ap prehension, so that Maggie outside was knocking hurriedly before she could turn the handle. "Open, open quickly! Oh, dear! 01), dear! Are you there, Kate? For the love of heaven, let me in." Kate shook the door, and at last suc ceeded in opening it. Maggie stumbled into the room, shut it behind her, turned the key in the lock and stood facing her friend, with white face and trembling limbs, silent for once and clutch ing Tommy's chubby hand in a frenzied clasp. "Why, Maggie, what is it?" cried Kate, having ijisfied herself that the boy was all right. "You look' as if you'd seen a ghost." "A ghost," wailed the poor thing, sinking into a chair, "and so I have. Leastways I thought at first it was a ghost. If he'd come in a night shirt now it might have been. But, glory be to God, he was dressed in all his clothes, boots and hat and white cuffs. Oh no, it was no ghost, but himself, sure enough." And rocking lierself to nntt lro, Maggie burst into a low whimper like a frightened child, Tommy adding his little voice to hers. "Who was it? Tell me dear," said Kate, kneeling on the floor beside her, and strok ing her wrinkled hand. "No one shall hurt you; only say who it was. See, you are quite safe here, and the door is locked." Maggie twice opened her mouth to speak and twice failed. At last she gasped, "I saw him quite plain, looking at Tommy, who' was playing as good as gold with the bricks Miss Harriet gave him. I knew him at once after all this time. Jim it was; Jim that I nursed as a baby, Jim that broke my heart with his wickedness, and yours , too; whatever shall we do?" Kate at first listened without realising of whom her friend was talking, but as the meaning of the words dawned upon her, the old terror of the man she had called her husband took possession of her; the old loathing rushed over her mind with over whelming force. She shivered violently; her. teeth chat tered, and she drew her breath: hard. "I must get away from here," she cried. "Surely in all this world there is some . place where I can he safe. Look, Maggie," she continued, speaking quickly, "you tell Miss Harriet I'll go to- morrow. I've got my last month's wages; you give me what you have; there's plenty in the savings bank; Miss Harriet '11 make it all right. I'll go up country somewhere, and write and tell you: I can't stay here one mo ment longer, not one ' moment — he's seen the boy — he'll come and steal him from me. I must go before it is too late — any where, so that I go." And walking into her little room she be gan with feverish energy to make up a bundle of licr clothes, Maggie moaning feebly for Miss Harriet, hut not daring to offer a word of remonstrance. So Kate was once more a wanderer, dri ven from her friends and shelter by a mad fear which took possession of her, and urged her onward without pausing to con sider whether Jim's presence in Sydney was accidental, or what possible object he could have to force himself upon her whom for his own sake he would be most anxious to avoid. Far inland there was a great rush. Gold, they said, was sticking in lumps out of the ground, and people from far and near "were hurrying ttf be first on the field. The road was alive with vehicles of all descriptions, everything on wheels being pressed into the service, the local undertaker letting out his hearse to carry passengers, and mailing more money out of the venture in a week than he had done by funerals in a year. Along the line of route innumerable shan ties sprang up and drove a roaring trade, ministering to the wants' of the thirsty crowd who flocked past on their way to the new diggings. Late one night the coacltf-carrying her Ma jesty's mails stopped - at one of these to water "the horses and to pick up another passenger in the shape of a drunken man, who, at the last moment, climbed up to the box scat, remarking that the fresh air would cool his head, which felt miserable had, and then fell into a state of semi-stu por, lulled by the motion of the coach. On they went over the rough bush road, steaming merrily along the. flat country, struggling slowly up the steen hills, the ve hicle groaning and creaking. under its load, then tearing down the other side, to make up for lost time. ; Coming down a nasty pinch which ran along the side of a mountain, the front axle broke, and the horses; terrifiecl 'at finding the whole weight of the coach _on . their fet locks, started'at full gallop down the hill. In vain the driver tried to stay their mad career, for — the box seat being thrown for ward — he had the greatest difficulty in keeping his seat, and had but little power over the reins. The brake, too, refused to act, being jammed by the broken axle. ; The off wheeler now began to kick frantically, his hoofs falling with a sickening thud on the splash board, and inflicting terrible blows on the driver's leg, which he every moment expected to have broken. Faint with pain, fearing each instant to he drag ged off the box, he looked anxiously down the road, now partially lit by the rising moon, for a olace in which it would be safe to upset the coach, as at the bottom of the hill, and only protected by a few feet of old fencing, was a sharp curve rou'nding.a preci pice. At the rate they were going and with the small control he had over the horses, lie knew that it would be impossible to check and turn them round this snot, and they would infallibly be thrown over a fall of 20 feet. Nowhere, however, on the narrow road could he find a place where an upset would not be almost certain death, and he held grimly on. The terrified passengers inside shouted to him words of useless advice and entreaties to stop. One man on the hack seat let himself slip down upon the road, and lay there with a broken hip, to 'be picked up by the next cart. ' " The drunken man, sober now by fright, clung desperately to the lamp as the coach swung from side to side, and looked with admiring eyes at a girl seated next to the driver, who, with white face and hoots soaked with blood from a random kick, yet hid all signs of fear, spoke "cheerfully to a child on her lcnce, and shouted words of en- couragment to the terrified women inside. The man's glance took in every action ot the horses. He saw that they still obeyed the rein to a certain point, and that the near wheeler; a noble animal, was responding loyally to his driver's voice. If only the lenders could be checked, there still was hope. "Heaven help us, if we don't pull up be fore we turn the Major's, corner," muttered the driver. "Good old Indarba, steady there, steady." Alas, as he spoke, one of the leader's reins broke, and all hope was over. Then the passenger leaned over, saying, "I'll get at those leaders somehow. I'll clinib along the pole and eatch the rein from there. It's a chance. There are women here," nnd he looked at the girl. "What's the odds abont me?" And seizing his op portunity, dexterously avoiding a ferocious kick, laying his hand with a soothing word on Indarba's flanks, lie hung somehow to the pole, caught the rein as it trailed on the ground, gave a desperate heave, and, aided bv the driver on the box, succeeded in turn ing the team, and running them up n bank. One of the wheels lacked and the coach stood still. But, as they stayed, one animal lashed out with his hoof, and struck the riian fair on the chest, smashing it in. There was a groan, a heavy fall, and he lay a senseless heap in the dust among the trampling feet, the reins locked tight in hands that would never on en more. It was all the work of a moment, nnd those inside, as they clambered trembling out, were not at first aware at what a cost tlicy had been saved. The girl on the box, having watched the rescue with blazing eyes, and Beem its ter rible end, was the first to go to him, and stood by as they unharnessed the horses, and led them away, cutting the reins out of his clenched hands. They brought water, they tried to pour brandy through his lips, but it was only to satisfy a feeling that drove them to do something, for all knew from the first that he was beyond the reach of human help. "God rest his soul," said the girl with a sob," "we have received back our lives from his bauds." At this moment the moon, which had been struggling through the clouds, shone brightly put, and the light fell full on his upturned face. The girl started, drew near er, and bending down, gazed as if fascinated upon him, for now, seeing him for the first time clearly, she knew without the possi bility of doubt who it was that lay before her; who it was that had given his life for her's. She stretched out her hands with an in- dcscribable gesture, and, looking up at the men standing hare headed round her, she said, "He is Jim, my husband," then kneel- ing down by the body, she took up his hand and covered it with kisses. She forgot in that moment the days of cruelty, the black treachery and years of anxious hiding. Her mind flew back to the happy courtship, to the little home she had entered "with sueh joyful anticipations. And that man, whose death not one of all that group but looked upon with envy, was her husband, the lover of her youth,, the father of her child. Surclv, if his debt towards her had been heavy, lie had paid it now to the uttermost farthing. The friends of Tod Sloan are telling of a terrible calamity which befel the jockey when he sailed for Europe. Sloan boasts a valet, and through some misunder standing the man sailed with all the baggage, even to tooth brushes, on the Kai ser Wilhelm de Grosse, while his mnster went on the Deutsehlnnd. Sloans friends say that the deprivation of his wardvobe to the fastidious jockey will be the cruellest blow of his career. 