TOLD FROM THE PULPIT. (Thb Chcb^H-GOBB.) IDOLS OF TO-DAY. list Sabbath evening, in St. Mark's Church of England, Oxahville, the Bar. D. E. EvansJones preached from the first Epistle of John, Chapter 5, Verse 211 " Little children, keep yourselves from idols." The preacher «id.— "How like John himself are these words,— exhibiting his gentleness and loyingJrindness, as do all his teachings, breathing as they do the spirit of the Master Who loved him so. Thia tare kindness that he shows was a put o( John's natural disposition, but derived its warmth bom intercourse- with Him Who said:—'Love one another, ss.I have loved yon.' This disposition John exhibited right into extreme old age, and as he approached the land of the biest the gentle spirit within gleamed oat upon those around. History tells us that when he became old he was borne by his deacons to his episcopal chair by the altar of his athearal at Epharas, and from thence ireaohed to those who loved him. The tlood ran slow in-his veins, but the warmth of his affection was nnabateS. It was then that he delivered the charge:' Little children, keep yonrsdves fromidols.' " In the Greek original this text is couched in stronger language, actually warning the reader of some imminent danger, as the vessel is warned by the beacon light. There are idols as deadly to man as the sharp rocks- to the vessel. Saint John raises the signal of danger, and warns us to steer clear of those terrible rocks upon which so many have made wrecks of their souls. To the wcrd idol there are two meanings. In its literal sense an idol is an image or picture of a person or thing made the object of worship. What strange beings were the ancients, that they should worehip objects formed by man's handiwork I Yet absnrd as it appears to us, in the days that John wrote the words of our text the whole of the world, civilised and polished, with the exception of ono nation, was sank in idolatry. By the preaching of the goroel of ChriBt many were brought to a knowledge of th9 one true and living God. "John charges his flock not to countenance false worship, Many to-day consider that the warning belongs to ages post, and not to us of the present time. But I tellyou friends, that much of false worship finds a place in Christian churches of to-day. Many pictures of human beings long Bince daid, intended merely ss patterns of what others might become, reoeive more prayers than the Almighty God. in, the word has a figurative meaning. "Many an one sets up an idol within his own heart, and worships it. They who pursue pleasures not according to the will of God, they are guilty of idolatry. The idols are not seen by their fellows, but they are there enshrined within their hoarta—no reality, but only delusive appearance. "There arc many idols to-day in this Christian world. There is Mammon, the idol of covetousness, groedinns, avarice. Its worship consists in longings after the things of sense; restless strivings after wealth and the pleasures of the world,—all idolatry! A covetous man is worse than the money-changers who desecrated the temple of old, for he desecrates his own heart, which should be filled with the Holy Ghost, until ths spirit of God cannot find admission there. He cannot serve God until he baa cast this greedy idol from his throne, and purged his heart. Again, there is the idol Belial. Carnal pleasure, the worshippers of which are numbered in thousands of Christisns to-day. Body and soul yield themselves to this worship of lust. Drunken revelries, wanton dancing, ribald songs, coarse jests, gambling and suoh-like are ths ceremonies by which this idol is worshipped. I charge you. avoid such as you would avoid s plaguestricken house. There is poison in the air you would breathe there I doath in the cup you would drink there ! "Then thmo is Moloch,—the idol of malice, cruelty, revenge,—the demon of spite. It would be well for us wore we as (oithful to our God as these worshippers are to their idols. Who among us makes half the sacrifices to our Lord Jesus Christ as these to their several gods P I fear that were we to be meaenred by Bach a standard we would bo found ssdly wanting. But the greatest of all these idolB ia.— Sell. Its worshippers find in themsdves all plaits, all pursuits, all pleasures. So throughout all His teachings Jesus Christ insisted upon self-denial, (or He knew how prone man is to worship Bel(. He knew -hat this idol dwells in everyman'sheart,and so long as that man yields to his own will and giati&es; his own desires, so will the idol's position be strengthened. Seek the aid of the Holy Ghost to dethrone him, and submit yourselves to the strong but mildand easy yoke of the Lord Jesus Christ. The worahiaper of Self cries about his pro(ession of religion, and feeds upon the plaudits of his fellows. He speaks about retiring from his business, taking a villa in the country and living happy and contented for the rert of his days. Bat what about God? And what about his own soul? These con. liberations do not enter into his plans. Ia addition to these idols, each one has is or her peculiar idol,—a besetting sin Everyone has a weak spot that needs con. stant guarding; calls for special vigilance. It is harder to repulse this one temptation than any other. It may bo due to natural temperament, or tc long habit, dr. as many hive thought, to the seductions of a spiritual foe specially appointed to lead the destined . soul astray. It may be the love of money, or display, or dress, or power, or excitement. It mar be a hasty temper which leads one to do and say things of which alterwarfs one is heartily ashamed and grieved. Whatsoever it be, grasp this special idol, drag >t from its throne, and Bing It «way. 'If thy right eye oflena thee, pluck it out and cast it faSm thee: for it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be oast into ^Xn oonoluaion, let me say that the wanting contained in our text is without doubt addressed to Christians. Many have mated time and opportunity, but it is not jet too late. Let the past be, and from henceforth turn over a new leaf, and Uve a different lite.. If you vow to do so, thai God in Heaven will register that vow and will Sveyou grace to keep it. Fray t« Him look up to Him, ask Hun for His help, and He irifi assuredly help vou." 