Comic CnttfogB. 'A sensible girl has no more UM for A fresh young man than for one that Is stale. " I feel for you deeply," said the hungry man, probing about in the soup-bowl for • stray oyster. " I like to hear a baby cry," oald a crusty old bachelor. " Why V " Because then the Utile nuisance is taken out ot the room." Bapsmlth (sentimentally) : " What is sadder than to have loved and lost ?" Hennypeok (promptly) : " To have loved and got h«r." She : " Is it true, darling, that you gave tihe minister £3 for marrying us ?>' 'He : " Yes, but keep it to yourself. I was never so swindled in my life." "That dog certainly seems almost human at times," said old Mr. Fussy. " Yes," said Mrs. Fussy, " he growls over his food quite as much as you do." " When I visit Blackpool in the summer I always pay a Visit to my old landlady." " Weii, I suppose it'a only right that you should pay her something, old man." He : " What ? Is Mrs. Wedalot going to be led to the altar for .the third time ?" She: " No. II should fancy not. She ought to be able to And the way herseir by this time." Mrs. Cumso : " Your husband dresses very quietly." IMrs. Cawker : " Dots he ?" "You ought to hear him when the can't find his collar, or his sleeve-links become miBlald." Mr. Brown : " Good morning, Mr. Jones ; how's your wife ?" Mr. Jones (who was deaf and didn't quite understand) : " Very blustering and disagreeable again thiB morning." "Ai splendid stroke ! Did you follow the ball, caddie ?" " No, sir ; but 1 think that gentleman wit'h the red coat can tell where it struck. 1 see him a-rubbin' 'isself pretty much." Ikey : please, farder, give me a halfpenny for ice cream. I am so hot!" Father : " Ikey, mein shon, dot is a vaist of money. I will tell you a fine ghost story dat will make your blood run coid." Young Lady : " I can only be a sister to you—no more." He : " Thanks. That is very gcod of you. Have you spoken to your mother of It yet ?" Young Lady : " Of what ?" He : " My adoption !" " Do you realise, young man," said the parson, " when you retire to rest at night that you may be caiied before dawn7" " Why, of course I do," was the response. " I'm the father of a three-wceks-o'.d baby." Mrs. Motherly : " Why is it, George, that you have never thought seriously of getting married ?" George: "fi'ou misunderstand me, Mrs. Motherly. I have always thought of it so seriously that 1 am still a bachelor." Jackson : " How's your family ?" Jobnson : "Pretty well, thank you !" "Any of your daughters married yei '!" " No ; and I can't understand why they don't go oft. They use powder enough, goodness knows !" De Jones : "I hear your firm discharged you." Smyths : " Yes ; but 1 wouldn't m.n 1 tha't so much If they hadn't added insuit to injury." De Jones : " How so ?" S-nythe : " They advertised for a boy to fill my piace.'' Perfectly Serene : " Ever quarrel with your wife ?" " No." " Have any trouble with ycur servants ?" " No." Caildren worry you ?" " Gnat Caesar, mini how's Uiat ?" " Ain't married ; live by myself." Enamoured Youth: " Your father seems worried about something to-night." Sweet Girl : " Yes, poor pa has so many business cares." Little Brother : " That isn't it. He's mad because the big dog he bought didn't come." A young man who knows all about it states that his experience has taught bim that a flirt is a fool who delights in fooling girls, and the fool who Is fooled by such a fool is the foollsbest kind of a fool. He's been fooled badly. Pedestrian : " So you want work, do you ! Well, you can get it by going to that factory over there. There is a placard on the door saying there is work for both sexes." Tramp: " Sorry, sir ; but thajt dou-t help me. I belong only tio one sex." " Goodness ! We shall misB the first act," she Baid impatiently. " We've been waiting a good many minutes for that mother of mine." " Hours, I should say," ho replied somewhat acrimoniously. "Ours ?" cried she, rapturously. " Oh, George, this is so sudden !" Then she fell upon his neck. Mrs. Smith (thoughtfully): " I'm afraid I shall have to stop giving Bobby that tonic the doctor left him." Mr. Smith (anxiously) : " Why, isn't he any better ?" Mrs. Smith : " Oh, yes ! But he has slid down the banisters six times this morning, broken the hall-lamp, two vases, a jug, and a looking glass, and I don't feel as If I could stand much more." Captain Mah&n;, the first American Peace Commissioner to arrive in New York on his return from The Hague, waa met by the usual army of interviewers. But' Mrs. Mahan stepped forward, and said to the reporters, " I think you might let me talk to the captain a little while now. I have not seen him for five or six months, and " Wonderful to relate, the American Pressmen at once withdrew. 