The Boer and the Uit- lander. A LITTLE OF THE TRUTH. [A. G. HALES in the "Daily News."] Burghersdorp, March 19. Many and wonderful are the stories written and published concerning the Boer and his habits on the war-path. Most of these stories are written by men who take good care never to get within a hundred miles of the fighting lines, but content themselves with an easy chair, a cigar, a bottle of whisky, and carpet slippers on the stoep of same ; good hotel in a pretty little Boer town. To scribes of this character flock a certain class of British resident, who is always full to the very ears of his own dauntless courage, his death- less loyalty to the Queen and Empire, his love for the soldier, and his hatred for the Boer. This gallant class of British resident has half a million of excuses ready to his hand to explain why he did not take a rifle and fight whan the war summons rang clarion- like throughout the land. Then he grits his teeth, knits his eyebrows, ?leweVcar his hands in spasmodic wrath, throws out his chest, and tells his auditors, in a voice husky with con- centrated wrath and whisky, what he intends to do the next time the damn- able Boer rises to fight. The old Bri- tish pioneer may have whelped a few million good fighting stock in his time, but this class of animal is no lion's whelp, it is a thing all mouth and no manners, a shallow-brained, cowardly creature, always howling about the Boer, but too d- ---- discreet to go out and fight him, and ready at all times to ridicule him as a farmer, or a fighter, and and it is a perfect bear's feast to this hybrid animal to get hold of a gullible newspaper correspondent to tell him gruesome tales relative to Boer fighting laagers GULLING THE CORRESPONDENT. I had one of this peculiar species at me the other day at Burghersdorp, and he painted a Boer laager so vividly between nips at my flask that if I had not seen a few laagers myself I should have felt bad over the matter. He pictured the smell of that laager in language so intense, with gestures so graphic, that some of his auditors had to hold their nostrils with handker- chiefs, whilst they stirred the cir cummambient atmosphere with card board fans, and I could not help won- dering, if the portrait, of the smell was so awful, what the thing itself must be like. Flushed with success, the narrator pushed his subject to the bitter extremity. He conjured up scenes of half- buried men lying amongst the rocks surrounding the laager: here a leg, there an arm, fur- ther on a ghastly human head pro- truding from amidst the scattered boulders, until I had only to close my eyes to fancy I was in a charnel house, where Goths and Huns were holding devilish revelry. The B.R. paused, and dropped his voice two octaves lower, and the crowd on the balcony craned their heads further forward so that they might not miss a single word. He told of the women in the laagers, the wild, unholy mirth of women who moved from camp fire to camp fire, with dishevelled hair streaming down their backs, with toss- ing arms bare to the shoulder, and blood-besmeared, not the blood of goats or kine, but the blood of soldiers -our soldiers. Thomas Atkins defunct, and done for by the she furies. KILL EM OFF! KILL EM OFF! He waded in again when the shud- der which shook the crowd had died away, and hinted, as that class of shallow-souled creature loves to hint, of orgies under the dim light of the stars, between the flickering light of smoking camp fires, until the sins of Sodom and Gomorrah seemed to be crowding all around us in a peculiarly beastly and uncomfortable fashion. Then he lay back in his chair and sighed; but anon he sprang upright and, with flashing eyes and extended arms, wanted to know what the --------- Roberts meant by offering peace with honor to such a people. " Mow them down!" he yelled, "shoot them on sight-no quarter for such devils ! kill 'em off! kill 'em off!" and he half sobbed, half-sighed himself into silence, whilst the audience gazed on him as on one who knew what war-wild, red, carmine war was. I broke in on his stillness, as newspaper men who know the game are apt to do, for I wanted data, I wanted facts, and I had not swallowed his yarn as fast as he had swallowed my whisky. "Born in this country?" I asked. "Yorkshire," he answered, laconi- cally. "Been in Africa long ?" "'Bout five years." "Where did you put in most of your time before the war?" "Johannesburg." "Mines?" "No." "Merchant?" "No." "Hotel-keeping, perhaps?' "No." "Shopkeeper?" "No." "What was your calling, or profess- sion, or business or means of lively- hood?" "General agent, sharebroker, corres- pondent for some local papers." H'm ; I knew the class of animal well-general jackall ; do the dirty work of any trade, and be master of none. "Where were you when the war broke out ?" He scowled savagely, 'Johannes- burg." "Have the same hatred for the Boers before the war as you have now ?" 'Yes." "Why didn't you pick up a rifle and have a hand in the fighting ?" 'Tm not a blessed Tommy,' sir ! Do you take me for a d-'Tommy,' sir?" "No; oh, no, I assure you I did nothing of the kind. But-er, have you been in the hands of the Boers since the war started?" '"Yes, until our troops marched in here a day or two ago." "H'm. Did they rob you?" "No." "Did they ill-treat you-knock you about, and that sort of thing?" "No" "Why do you hate them so bitterly, then?" "Oh, I can't stand a cursed Boer at any price. Thinks he's as good as a Britisher all the time and puts on side; and he's a cursed tyrant in his heart, and would run us out if he could." "Yes, the Boer thought himself as good a man as the Britishers he met out this way," I replied, "and he backed his opinion with his life and his rifle. Why don't you do the same if you reckoned yourself a better man?" "Why should I: don't we pay 'Tommy' to do that for us ? ' ''Perhaps we do but concerning those Boer laagers you have been tell- ing us about ; where, when, and how did you see them; what was the name of the place, who was the Boer General in command, or the Field Cornet or Lauddrust. I did not know the Boers gave British refugees the free run of their war laagers, and I'm interested in the matter being a scribe myself and a man of peace. Just give me a few names and dates and facts, will you?" "No, I won't," he snarled. "You seem to doubt my word, you do, and I'm as good a Britisher as you are any day, and you think you can come along and pump information out of me for nothing ; but I'm too fly for that - they don't breed fools in Yorkshire." "Well, sir, as it seems to suit your temper," I said as sweetly as I could 'I'll make it a business proposition. I'll bet you £5o to £5 you have never put your head inside a Boer laager in war time in your life. If you have just name it and give me a few facts." The B R rose wrathfully and mut- tered something about it being a d----- good job for me that I was a wounded man and had one arm in a sling, or he'd show me a heap of things in the fistic line which I should remember for the rest of my life, but as I only laughed he slouched off, and now when we meet in the street we pass without speaking. But I got his history all the same from one of the Cape police who told me the beggar had refused to join a volunteer regiment when the war broke out, and bad remained the whole time in a quiet little Boer vil- lage as a British refugee, and had not seen the outside, let alone the inside, of a Boer fighting laager in all his life. Yet such cravens at times help to make history - of a kind. WHAT A FIGHTING LAAGER IS LIKE Possibly it may interest Englishmen and women, too, for that matter, to know what a fighting laager is like, and as I have seen, half-a-dozen of them from the enemies' side of the wall, rough pen and ink sketch may not be amiss. In war time the Boer never, under any circumstances, makes his laager in the open country if there are any kopjes about. No matter how secure he may fancy himself from attack, no matter if there is not a foe within 50 miles of him, the Boer com- mander always pitches his laager in a place of safety between two parallel lines of hills, so that no attack can made upon him, either front or rear, without giving him an immense ad- vantage over the attacking force, even if the enemy is ten times as strong in numbers. By this means the Boers make their laagers almost impregnable. If they have a choice of ground, they pick a narrow ravine, or gully, with a line of hills front and rear covered with small rocky boulders and bushes. They drive their waggons along the ravine, and make a sort of rude breastwork across the gully with the wagons. In between these waggons the women are placed for safety, for it is a noticeable fact that very large numbers of women have followed their husbands and fathers to the war, not to act as viragoes, not to play the wanton, not to unsex themselves, not to handle rifle, but to nurse the wounded, to comfort the dying, and to lay out dead. I have heard them singing round the camp fires; in the starlight but it was hymns that they sang, not ribald songs. I have seen them kneel- ing by the side of men in the moon- light, but not in wantonness, but in mercy, and many a man who wears the British uniform to-day can bear me witness that I speak the truth. THE BOER AND HIS HORSE. The Boer never, if he can help it, allows himself to be separated from his horse; and these hardy little animals, mostly about 15 hands high, and very lightly framed, are picketed close to the spot where the rider deposits his rifle and blankets. If they allow them to graze on the hill- sides during the day, they run a rope through the halter near the horse's muzzle and tie it close above the knee- joint of the near fore-leg. By this means the horse can graze in comfort, bat cannot move away at any pace beyond a slow walk, and so are easily caught and saddled if required in a hurry. The oxen and sheep to be used for slaughtering purposes are driven up close to the camp ; a waggon or two is drawn across the ravine above and below them, and they then cannot stampede if frightened by any- thing, unless they climb the rocky heights on either side of them, which they have small chance of doing, as the Kaffir herdsmen sleep en the hills above them. Having pitched his laager, the commander sends out his scouts ; some amble off on horseback at a pace they call a "trifle"-a gait which all the Boers educate their nags to adopt. lt is not exactly an amble, but a cousin to it, marvellously easy to the rider, whilst it enables the nag to get over a wonderful lot of ground without knocking up. It also allows the horse to pick his way amongst rocky ground, and to save his legs, where an English, Indian, or Aus- tralian horse would be apt to cripple himself in very short order. As soon as the mounted scouts set off on their journey holding the reins carelessly in the left hand, their handy little Mauser rifles in their right, swaying carelessly in the saddle after the fashion of all bush riders the world over, the foot scouts take up their positions amongst the rocks and shrubs on the hills in front and rear of the laager. Each scout has his rifle in his hand, his pipe in his teeth, his bando- lier full of cartridges over his shoulder, and his scanty blanket under his left arm. No fear of him sleeping at his post. He is fighting for honour, not for pay ; for home, not for glory ; and he knows that on his acuteness the lives of all may depend. He knows that his comrades and the women trust him, and he values the trust as dearly as British soldier ever did. No matter how tired be may be, no matter how famished, the Boer sentinel is never faithless to his orders. AN EVENING MEAL - ABOUT COFFEE. When the scouts are out the laager is fixed for the night-not a very exhaustive proceeding, as the Boers do not go in for luxuries of any kind. Here a tarpaulin is stretched over a kind of temporary ridge-pole, blankets are tossed down on the hard earth, saddles are used for pillows, and the couch is complete A little way further down the line a rude canvas screen is thrown over the wheels of a waggon and a family, or rather husband and wife, make themselves at home under the wagon; whilst the single men simply throw themselves at full length upon the ground, wrap their one thin small blanket round them, and smoke and jest merrily enough, whilst the Kaffirs light the fire and make the coffee. There is scarcely any timber in this part of Africa, and the fuel used is the dry manure of cattle pressed into slabs about 15in. long, 8in. wide and 3in. thick. The smoke from the fire is very dense and soon fills the air with a pungent odour, which is not unpleasant in the open, but would be simply intolerable in a building. The coffee is soon made, and the simple meal begins ; it consists of 'rusks,' a kind of bread baked until it become crisp and hard, and plenty of steaming hot coffee. I never saw any people so fond of this beverage as the Boers are. The Australian bushman and digger loves tea, and can almost exist upon it but these Boers cling to coffee. The live when out in laager like Spartans, they dress anyhow, sleep anyhow, and eat just rusks and precious little else. Talk about 'Tommy' and his hard times, why a private soldier at the front sleeps better, dresses better, and eats better than a Boer general; yet never once did I hear a Boer complain of hardships. After tea the Boers set about and clean the rifles ; the women move from one little group to another, chatting cheerfully, but I saw nothing in their conduct or in the contact of any man towards one of them that would cause the most chaste matron in Great Bri- tain to blush or drop her eyes. There is in the laager an utter absence of what we term soldierly discipline; men moved about, w- -.it and came in a free and easy fashion, just as I have seen them do a thousand times in dig- gers' camps. There was no saluting officers, no stiffness, no starch any- where. The General lounges about with hands in pockets and pipe in mouth ; no one pays him any special deference. He talks to the men, the striplings, and the women, and they talk back to him in a manner which seems strange to a Britisher familiar to the ways of military camps. After the chatting the predikant, or parson, if there is one in the laager, raises his hands, and all listen with reverent faces whilst the man of God utters a few words in a solemn, earnest tone ; then all kneel, and a prayer floats up towards the skies, and a few moments later the whole camp is wrapped in sleep ; nothing is heard but the neigh- ing of horses, the lowing of cattle, the bleating ef sheep, aud the occasional barking of a dog. There is no clatter of arms, no ringing of bugles, no deep toned challenge of sentries, no footfall of changing pickets, NO LITERATURE, NO SANITATION. At regular intervals men rise silently from the ranks of the sleepers, pick up their rifles noiselessly and silently like ghosts, slip out into the deep shadows of the kopjes, and other men equally silent glide in from posts they have been guarding, and stretch them- selves out to snatch slumber while they may. At dawn the men toss their blankets aside, and spring up ready dressed, and move amongst their horses ; the Kaffirs attend to the morn- ing meal, the everlasting rusks and coffee are served up, horses are saddled, cattle are yoked to waggons, and in the twinkling of an eye the camp is broken up, and the irregular army is on the march again, with scouts guarding every pass in fronts, scouts watching (themselves unseen) on every height. They travel fast because they travel light ; they use very little water because they find it impossible to move it from place to place. Many critics charge them with personal uncleani- ness. It is true that in their laagers one does not see as much soap and water use as in our camps, but this is possibly due to want of opportunity as much as to want of inclination. In sanitary matters they are neglectful. I did not see a single latrine in any of their laagers, nor do I think they are in the habit of making them, and to this cause and to no other I attribute the large amount of fever in their ranks. They do not seem to under- stand the first principles of the laws of sanitation, and had this season been a wet instead of a peculiarly dry one, I venture to assert that typhoid fever would have wrought far more havoc amongst them than our rifles. I saw no literature in laager ex- cept Bibles. I witnessed no sports of any kind, and the only sport I heard them talk about was horseracing. saw no gambling, heard no blasphemy, noticed no quarrelling or bickering and can only say from my slight ac- quaintance with life in Boer laager in war time that it may be rough, it may be irksome, it may not be so fasti- diously clean as a feather-bed soldier might like it, but I have been in many tougher, rougher places, aud have never heard anyone cry out about it. 