PADDY'S AIR-BATH. THERE is a publican in Melbourne, whom we may call Paddy, not necessarily in good faith, but for publication. If you want to get him mad now, all you have to do is to ask him how he enjoyed his air-bath in Swanston-street the other morning. His Celtic wratli rises at the mention of that bitter experience which Paddy suffered and was strong—in language. Here is the story as J. P. Lyell tells it with gusto. Paddy had recently come to the conclusion that late hours were not good for himself, his lodgers or his employes, so he resolved that his doors would be shut at a certain hour each night, and if any one, lodger, loafer, servant or policeman knocked at the door after the appointed hour lie would have to lie satisfied with the key of the street. " Let him stay out till morning," said Paddy, " he can have a free air-bath to cool himself with and teach him to get home at a respectable time. Egorra, an air- bath would do some of these chaps a power of good." The new r rule worked A ery well for a feAv days until, as bad luck Avould have it, the brother of one of the employes, a culinary professor, chanced to have a birthday or some similar festivity, at Avhich Paddy's man desired out of fraternal love and affection to assist. Of course, it is hard to part when friends are near and dear, and Paddy's man very pardonably forgot the flight of time Avhen he Avas with his relative. At any rate, it Avas Avell on in the small hours Avhen Paddy, Avho Avas sleeping the sleep of the just and dreaming of Avinners for the tAvo Cups, Avas aAvakened by an infernal knocking at the door. " Knock on," smiled the awakened landlord to himself, " Avhoever you are. You have as much chance of getting into Heaven as getting in here before daylight." But if Paddy Avas resolute, so Avas the knocker. He hammered away till the landlord greAv tired of smiling and soliloquising, and became fearful that the deafening din Avould bring the police around. Fuming furiously, he stuck his feet into his slippers, and, Avithout troubling to dress, slipped downstairs, and in a rage opened the door so suddenly that the knocker, to save himself from falling, grapped his employer, twirled him round and brushed by him. How the catastrophe occurred the landlord cannot make out, but the door Avas suddenly banged to, Avith the knocker on the inside and his unfortunate employer on the outside. Like Mr. -Winkle on a certain occasion, Paddy found himself on the door-step with nothing but the key of the street in his possession. - , What aggravated his position was the tact that he did not believe in new-fangled pyjamas for night wear, and was only robed in a good oldfashioned night-shirt. Pyjamas, though cool, Avould have been sufficiently decent attire, but a man on a doorstep clothed in nothing but a niglitsliirt that left him cold without, and indignation that made him a raging furnace within, is not a pleasant sight at three in the morning He knocked and knocked, he shouted through the keyhole', but all in vain. His instructions to allow any late-comer to enjoy an air-bath Avere imperative, so no oue inside took any notice, whilst Paddy Avas every minute getting colder externally aiid hotter internally. If a policeman should come along ? If a crowd should collect ? If a thousand possible things should happen ? But we will not prolong the agony. The policeman fortunately did not come along, but for an hour the scantily-clad publican froze and fumed on the doorstep, enjoying his own prescription of an air- BrAt length the milkman turned up and started back in alarm at beholding a pale-sheeted ghost at the door of the well-knoAvn hostelry. Paddy explained his plight. " We'll soon fix that, Mr. Blank," said Milky' as lie set doAvn his can and commenced vigorously kicking with his heaA^y boots at the door, giving at the same time the Avell-knoAvn cry of hife trade. Presently the door Avas opened. " Why didn't you kick hard like that ?" aske Milky White. l'iuldy lookeil down at the milkman's heavy hobnailed boots and then at his own lightlyslippered feet. " And break my fut, is it ?" said Paddy, as ho, swore himself upstairs to bed. He Btill thinks air-baths good for late revellers—but you want to be fully dressed to enjoy them properly. 