Bunbury Herald TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1900. THE ERA. OF YOUTH. In the October number of ihe Fort nightly Revieio a remarkable article appears entitled '.'The Era of Youth.' It opens by pointing out that the nineteenth century has vbeen the ' Woman's Era,' and proceeds to state that- there are distinct signs that in the nest century some very interesting and surprising develop ments are in store Tor us. rne writer affirms that one of the most distinc tive signs of to-day is the repudiation of age. ' No one is old, and no one can afford to get older. The life, the occupations, the inter ests, the amusements, tho ambitions of to-day ,!are those of a youthful epoch, of a time when to be old is sin. We see it on every side. Every mother s as young as ber children in dress and appearance, and grandmothers younger than either. The reverence for age, the tender respect with which ir, used to be regarded, is only a tradition, and the strong influence of youth is what inspires our life and dominates us, It is not wonderful that it should be so, for life is so pleasant to-day. Its duties, its occupations are easy,- and do not need any great effort for their accomplish ment.' Without agreeing with these propositions it is interesting to know what has brought about the change in life. Firstly, ic is ascribed to the softening influence of a woman as queen, the increasing facilities of communication, the improvement in education, the great increase in wealth, and the influence of colonial life and thought. Then our modern requirements are so manifold. The sleepy old world has passed away, tranquilityhas been banished, even the old landmarks havegone. Now wehave express trains shrieking through the world, the electric light flaring through the night darkness, mighty furnaces belching out black fumes, every convenience to our hand. If some Rip Van Winkle, fallen to sleep in 1850, could now awake from his slumber what changes he would witness. ' He would find a bustling, active, strong-minded matron where he left the tender-eyed grandmother; a loud-voiced managing wife, full of interest in every kind of terrible question unknown and unheard of before ; and a tall, slight, gaily dressed young lady, self assertive, capable aud independent, in the place of the gentle smiling maiden he remembered in the days he went a-courting.' Assuredly the world is moving with incredible rapidity. Bach morning we scan our newspaper in search of a fresh sensation, and feel disappointed if one is not served up. It is the Era of Youth because it is the era of progress, of fresh impulse, of great movements. When we ponder over the work of the last, fifty years we may well rub our eyes with amazement and perplexity. The world has re-formed itself, and harnessed every, industry to its chariot wheels. The universe has been cobwebbed with railways, netted witli wires. The sea has been bridged with great cables, and Edison has thrown out for our service engines which have captured and transmitted thought with lightning speed. What Edison has done for tho world reads like romance : The quadruplex, carbon telephone, phonograph, method oi dividing the electric current and its lights ' indefinitely, incandescent light, electric roads, kinetograph, we have the Marconi wireless telegraph. Distance has been annihilated, travelling is a pleasant pastime, Youth is at the prow, life is full of prizes. Nowadays there is a demand for Youth. He comes, too, into the world's fight well equipped with scholarly attainments, with the knowledge of the past garnered from all sources, with his physical aud mental qualities well attuned. Old traditions do not appeal to him, they do not cabin and confine hi3 efforts ; nor is he under the parental discipline that the Youfeh of fifty years ago was. The world lies at his feet like an oyster, he has the sharp knife in his hand wherewith to open it and to discover the pearl. He is fit for great enterprises, whether it is the discovery of tho North Pole or fighting his country's enemy. Youth has taken possession . of the world, aud he is hu-?tliug it along. And now wo must either hustle or rust. But, it may be asked, is aggressive hustling, iuventiyo. Toutb making tbe world sweeter and better ? Is he not rather crushiug the fragrance out of it ? Christian faith, long-suffering charity, reverence for old age, chivalry towards womeu, filial duly — are they not becoming mere nainos ? Sabbath observances aro regarded as stupid traditions of the past, cheap cynicism has replaced charity, the word '? father' has been changed to the ' old man' or the ' old codger,' 'mother' is called the ' old woman,' aud brushed aside when ' society' meets at her own house. There is a flippancy in the modern Youth, an objectionable ' smartness' in the new girl, Goodness and moral courage are ghosts of the past ; so long as we are not found out it matters little, and if courage is now displayed — well, we advertise it. A feverish rush for wealth marks the era of Youth, the hall-mark of character has been,debased. Not without good reason does our liturgy instruct us to pray for Divine protection 'in the hour of out wealth,' for Satan, «? ? Wiser than before Now tempts by making rich not making poor.' Still the world wags on vrith its faith and its follies, its youth and its old age. Yet if we could only capture YrmH-i. and \r, f.ViR flush of itS new energy and its bouudless strength make it subservient to everything that is noble and of good . repute what a sanctified world this world of ours would become ! 