__ LYSBETH : A TALE OF THE DUTCH. _ ZB3T H. BIDEB SI^C3-C3-^I^ID. CHAPTER IX.— (Continued). The service was over, and below in the emptied market-place the executioners collected the poor calcined fragments of tbe martyrs to cant Ihem with contumely and filthy jests into the darkling waters of the river. Now, one by one and two by two, tbe worshippers slipped away through some -hidden door openiDg on an alley. Let us look at three of their uuruber as they crept through bye ftreets to a house on the Bree Straat with which wb are acqua:ntcd, two of them walking in front and one behind. The pair were Dirk van Goorl and his son Foy — there was do mistaking their relationship. Save that he had grown somewhat poitly and thought ful, Dirk was the Dirk of five and twenty years ago, thickset, grey-eyed, bearded, a handsome man according to the Duich standard, whose matsive, kindly countenance betrayed the mass've, In another second tbe pair of them had gone headlong into the canal. kinily mind within. Very like him was his son foy, only bis eyes were blue instead of grey, and his hair was yellow. Thongh they seemed sad enough just now, these were merry and pleasant eye!-, and the round, the somewhat childlike, face was merry also, the face of a person who looked upon the bright side of things There was nothing remarkable or distinguished about Foy's appearance, but from it the observer who met him for the first time received the imprecision of energy, honesty, and good -nature. In truth, such were apt to set him down as a sailor man, who had jubi returned from a long journey, in the course of which he had come to the conclusion that this world was a pleasant place, and one well worth exploring. Ah Foy walked down the street with his quick and nautical gait, it was evident that even the solemn and dreadful scene which he bad ust experienced had not altogether quenched bis beery and hopeful spirit. Yet of all those who 'stoned to tbe exhortation of fcthe saint-like Arenlz, none had laid its burden of faith and carelessness for the future to heart more entirely than Foy van Groorl. But of this power of looking on the bright side of things the credit must be given to his nature and not to his piely, for F--y could not be sad for long. Dam npiro, spera would have been his motto had he known Latin, and he did not mean to grow sorrowful — over the prospect of being burnt, for instance — until he found himself fast to the stake. It was this quality of good spirits in a depressing and melancho'y age that made of Foy so extraordinar ly popular a character. Behind these two followed a much more remark able-looking peonage, the Frisian, Mariin Roos, or Red Martin, so named from his hair, which was red to the verge of flame colour, and his beard of a like hue that hung almost to his breast. There was no other such beard in Leyden ; indeed, the boys, taking advantage of his good nature, would call to him as he passed, asking him if it was true that the storks nested in it every spring. This strange looking man, who was now perhaps a person of 40 years of age, for ten years or more had been the faithful eervant of Dirk van Goorl, whose house he had entered under circumstances which shall be told of in their place. Anyone glancing at Martin casually would not hare said that he was a glint, and yet his height wis considerable ; to be accurate, when he stood upright, something over 6ft. 3in. The reason why he did not appear to be tall was that in truth his great bulk shortened him to the eye, and also because he carried himself ill, more from a desire to conceal his tize than for any other reason. It was in girth of chest and limb that Martin was really remarkable, so much eo that a short-armed man standing before him could not make his fingers touch behind bis back. His face was fair as aj?irl'B,j and almost as flat as a full mooa,Jfor of nose he had little. Nature, indeed, had furnished him with one of ordinary, if not excessive, size, but certain incidents in Martin's early career, which in our day would be designated as that of a prizefighter, had caused it to spread aboul his couutenance in an interesting and curious fashion. His eyebrow?, however, remained prominent. Beneath them appeared a pair of very large, round, and rather mild blue eyes, covered with thick white lids absolutely devoid of lashep, which eyes had a most unholy trick of occasionally taking fire when their owner was irritated. Then they could bum and blaze like lamp* tied to a barge on a dark night, with an effect that was all the more alarming because the rest of his countenance remained absolutely impaHHive. Suddenly while this little company went home wards a sound arose in the quiet street as of people lunnmsj. Instantly all three of them pressed themselves into tbe doorway of a house and crouched down. Martin lifted his ear and listened. ' Three people,' he whispered ; ' a woman who flies and two men who follow.' At that moment a casement was thrown open forty pacss or so away, and a hand, bearing a torch, thrust out of it. By its light they saw the pale face of a lady speeding towards them, and after her two Spanish soldiers. ' The Vrouw Andreas Jansen,' whispered Martin again, ' who flies from two of the guard who burnt her husband.' The torch was withdrawn and the casement shut with a snap. In those days quiet burghers could not afford to be mixed up in street troubles, especially if soldiers had to do with them. Once more the place was empty and quiet, except for the sound of running feet Opposite the doorway the lady was overtaken. ' Oh ! let me go,' she sobbed, ' oh ! let me go. Is it not enough that you have killed my huwband ? Why must I be hunted from my house thus ?' ?' Because you are so pretty, my dear,' answered me of tbe brutflu, ' also you are rich. Catch hold of her, friend. Lord ! how she kicks.' Foy made a motion as though to start out of the doorway, but Martin pressed him back with the flat of his hand, without apparent effort, and yet so strongly lhat the young man could not move. ' My business masters' he muttered ; ' you would make a naiie,' and they heard his breath come thick. Now, moving with curious stealthiness for one of so great a bulk, Martin was out of the porch. By the summer starlight the watchers could see that, before they had caught sight of, or even heard him, he had gripped the two soldiers, small men, like most Spaniards, by the napes of thtir necks, one in either hand, and was grinding their faces together. Thie., indeed, was evident, for his great shoulders worked visibly and their breastplates clicked as they touched. But the men themselves made no sound at Ul. Then Martin seemed to satch them round the middle, and behold ! in another second the pair of them had gone headlong into the canal, which ran down the middle of the street. ' My God ! he has killed them,' muttered Dirk. ' And a gDod job, too, father,' said Foy, ' only I wish that I had a share in it.' Martin's great form loomed in the doorway, ' The Vrouw Jansen hag fled i*way,' he said, ' and the street is quite quiet now, so I think that we had better be moving before any see us, my masters.' Some days later the bodies of these Spanish soldiers were found with their faces smashed flat It was suggested in explanation of this plight, that they had got drunk, and while fighting together' had fallen from the bridge on to the stonework of a pier. fhis version of their end found a ready acceptance, as it consorted well with the reputations of the men. So there was no search or inquiry. ?? I had to finish the dogs,' Martin explained apologetically—' may the Lord Jeeun forgive me— because I was afraid that they might know me again by my beard.' ' Alas ! alas !' groaned Dirk, ' what times are these ? Say nothing of this dreadful matter to your mother, eon, or to Adrian either.' 'Rut Foy nudged Martin in the ribs and muttered, ' Well done, old fellow, well done.' After this experience, which the reader must remember was nothing extraordinary in those dark and dreadful days when neither the lives of . men nor the eafety of women— especially Protestant men and women— Were things of much account, the three of them reached home without farther incident, and quite unobserved. Arriving at the house, they entered it near the Watergate by a back door that led into the stableyard. It was opened by a woman, whom they followed into a little room where alight burned. Here she turned and kissed two of them, Dirk Bret and then Foy. ' Thank God I see you safe,' she said. ' Whenever you go to the meel ing place I tremble until I hear your footsteps at the door.' ' What's the use of that, mother ?' said Foy. ' Your fretting yourself won't make things better or worse.' ?? A.h ! dear, how can I help it?' she replied softly ; ' we cannot all be young and cheerful, you know.' ' True, wife, true,' broke in Dirk, ' though I wish we could ; we should be lighter-hearted bo,' and he looked at her and sighed. Lysbeth van Goorl could no longer boast the beauty which was hers when fiist we met her, but she was Htill a Bweet and graceful woman, her figure remaining almost at* slim as it had been in girlhood . The grey eyes also retained their depth and fire, only the face was worn, though ni ore by care and the burden of memories than with years. The lot of the loving wife and mother was haid indeed when Philip the King ruled in Spain and Alva was bis prophet in the Netherlands. ' Is it done ?' she asked. ' Yes, wife, our brethren are now saints in Paradise, therefore rejoice.'' ' It is very wrong,' she answered with a sob, ' but 1 cannot. Oh !' uhe added with a sudden blaze of indignation, ' if He is just and goot, why does God suffer his sei vaults to be killed Ihun ?' ' Perhaps our grandchildren will be able to aupwer that question,' replied Dirk. ' That, poor Vrouw Jansen,'' broke in Lypbeth, ' just married, and so young and pretty. I wonder what will become of her.' Dirk and Foy looked at each other, and Martin, who was hovering about near the door, slunk back guiltily into the passage as though he had attempted to injure the Vrouw Jansen. Continued on Page 1127. Lysbeth. A TALE OF THE DUTCH. By H. Bidbb Haggabd. Continued from Page 1058. 'To-morrow we will look to it* wife. And now let us eat, for we are faint with hunger.' Ten minutes later they were seated at their meal. The reader may remember the room ;. it .was that wherein Montalvo, ex- const and captain, made the jspeeeh 'which charmed all hearers on the night when he had lost the race at the ice carnival. The same chandelier hung above them, some portion of the same plate, even, repurchased by Dirk, was on the table, bnt how different were the company md the feast ! Aunt Clara, the fatuous, was long dead, and with her many of the companions of that occasion, some naturally, some by the hand of the executioner, while others jad fled the land. Keter vande WerS still lired, however, and though regarded with suspicion by the authorities, was a man of weight and honour in the town, hut to-night he was not present there. The food, too, if ample, was plain, not on account of the poverty of the household, for Dirk had prospered in his worldly affaire, being hard- working and skilful, and the head of the brass foundry to which in those early days he was apprenticed, but because in Buch times people thought little of the refinements of eating. When life itself is so doubtful, its pleasures and amusements ' become of small importance. The ample waiting service of the maid Greta, who long ago had vanished none knew where, and her fellow domeBtjss was now carried on by the man Martin, and one old woman, since, as every menial might be a spy, even the riohest employed few of them. In short, all the lighter and more cheerful parts of life were in abeyance. ' Where is Adrian ?' asked Dirk. ' I do not know,' answered Lysbeth. ' I thought that perhaps ? ' ' No,' replied her husband hastily ; ' he did not accompany us ; he rarely does.' ' Brother Adrian likes to look underneath the spoon before he licks it,' said Foy with his mouth full. The remark was enigmatic, but his parents seemed to understand what Foy meant ; at least, it was followed by an uncomfortable and acquiescent Bilence. Just then Adrian came in, and as we have not seen him since, some four and twenty years ago, he made his entry into the world on the secret island in the Haarlemer Mere, bere it may be as well to describe bis appearance. He was a handsome young man, but of quite . a different stamp to his 'half-brother Foy, being tall, slight, and very .^graceful in figure ; advantages which be had inherited from his mother Lysbeth. In countenance, however, he differed from her so much that none would have guessed him to he her son. Indeed, Adrian's jace was pure Spanish, there wa3 nothing of a Netherlander, about Ids dark beauty, Spanish were the eyes of velvet black, set rather close to gether, Spanish also the finely chiselled features and the thin, spreading nostrils, Spanish the cold, yet somewhat sensual mouth, aore apt to sneer than smile ; the straight, black hair, the clear, olive skin, and that indifferent, half-wearied mien which became its wearer well enough, but in a man of his years of Northern blood would have seemed unnatural or affected. He took his seat without speaking, not did the others speak to him till his stepfather Dirk said : ' You were not at the works to-day, Adrian, although we ehonld have been glad . of your help in founding the culvBrin.' ** No father ' — he called him father — answered the young man in a measured and rather melodious voice. ' You see, we don't quite knsw who is going to pay for that piece. Or, at any rate, I don't quite know, as nobody seems to take me ' into confidence, and if it should chance to be the \- losing side, well, it might be enough to hang : me.' . '. . ti., . ,- ? . .. ? Dirk flushed up, but made no answer, only Foy remarked ?; ';£'_'??-;'. ; '* That's right, Adrian, look after your own . skin.' . ► ???? v ??'?--??? ' Just now I 'find it more interesting,' went on Adrian loftily and disregardf ol of his brother, 'to study those whomihe cannon may shoot than to make the cannon whichjs to-shoot them.' ' Hope you won't be one of them,' interrupted ; Foy again. t ' Where have ~yoa'. been this evening, son P' . raid Lysbeth hastily, fearing a quarrel. ' I have been mixing with the people, mother, at the scene on the market-place yonder.' ... '' ' Not the martyrdom of our good friend, Jansen, surely?' ?. .:;... ' Yes, mother, why not f It is terrible, it is a crime, no doubt, but the observer of life should study there things. There is nothing more fascinating to the philosopher than the play of human passions. '?? The emotions of the brutal crowd, fiie stolid indifference of -the guard, the grief of the sympathisers, thie stoical endurance of the victims animated by religious exalta tion ? f* ???'? ,;' / ' And the beautiful logic of the philosopher, with his nose- In3bs air; -while he watches his friend and brother^iiw-F4& being filowly burnt: to death,' broke outFoy with passion. r ''ttutJliiiBhJ'^fD^iartnklBg his fist . upon tiie table witha* blow iiat«iueed the glasses ? to ring, *tluB 'is^6sat^^-for^rpt3-ehoppiBg, , Adrian, -y/ou wo^iamp^a'J^iec with us than down below at that butohery, even though yoH were less safe;' he added, with meanJBg. : . ' But X wish to ran none Into danger, and you are of an «gB to judge for yourself., ? I bes you, however, to Bpareusyour; light &Ik.; about ecenes that w6 think dreadful, however interesting you may have found them.' Adrian shrugged hia shoulders and -called to Martin to bring ; Jam some .more meat. As the great man approached him he spread gut his fine drawn nostrils and sniffed. 'You smell, Martin,' he said, 'and no wonder. Xook, there is blood upon your jerkin. Have you been killing pigs and forgotten to change it?' * . Martin's rouni blue eyes Hashed, then went pale and dead again. l\ TfBj maM^^lieian^erea^wliiB tbwktoice, *' I have been killing pigs. Bat your dress also smells of blood and fiie ; perhaps you went too near the stake.' \ At that moment, to put an end to the conversa tion, Dirk rose sad eaid grace. Then he went out of the^ room accompanied by his wife and Foy, leaving Adrian to finish his meal alone, which he did reflectively and at leisure., — . When he left the eating chamber Fay followed : Martin across the courtyard to the walled-in stables, and up a ladder to the room where the serving man slept. It was a queer place, and filled with an extraordinary collection of odds and ends ; the skins of birds, otters and wolves ; weapons of different makes, notably a very large two-handed sword, plain and old-fashioned, but of excellent steel ; bits of harness and 'other things. TherB was no bed in this room for the reason that Martin disdained a bed, a few skins upon the floor being all that he needed to lie on. Nor did he ask for much covering, since so hardy was he by nature that except in the very bitterest weather his woollen vest was enough for him. Indeed, he bad been known to sleep out in it wh^a the frost was so sharp that he rose with his hair and beard covered with icicles. Martin shut the door and lit three lanterns, which he hung to hooks upon the wall. ' Are you ready for a turn, master P' be asked. Foy nodded as he answered, ' I want to get the taste of it all out of my mouth, so don't spara me. Lay on till I get angry, it will make me forget,' and taking a leathern jerkin off a peg he pnlled it over his head. ' Forget what, master ?'* ' Oh i the prayings and the burnings and Vrouw Jansen, and Adrian's eea-lawyer sort of talk.' ' Ah, yes, that's the worst of them all for us,' and the big man leapt forward and whispered, ** Keep an eye on him, Master Foy.' ' What do you mean ?' asked Foy sharply and flushing;. ' Wiiat I say.' ' You forget : you are talking of my brother, my own mother's son. I will hear no harm of Adrian ; his ways are different to oure, but he is good-hearted at bottom. Do you understand me, Martin P' ?? But not your father's son, master. It's the sire sets the strain ; I have bred he raos, and I know.' Foy looked at him and hesitated. ' No,' said Martin, answering the question in bis eyes, . ?' I have nothing against him, but he always sees the other side, and that's bad. Also, he is 3panish— — ' ' And -you don't like Spaniards,' broke in Foy. 'Martin,, you are a pig-headed, prejudiced, unjust jackass.' Martin smiled. 'No, master, I don't like Spaniards, nor will you before you have done with them. Bnt then it is only fair, as they don't like me.' *? I Bayj Martin,' said Foy, following a new line of thought, '? how did you manage that business so quietly, and why didn't you let me do nly share?' ' Because you'd have made a noise, master, and we didn't want the watch on us ; also, being fully armed, they might have bettered you.' ' Good reasons, Martin. How did you do it ? I couldn't see much.'' . ' It is a trick I learned up there in Friesland. Some of the Northmen sailors taught it me. There is a place in a man's neck, here at the back, and if he is squeezed there he loses bis senses in a second. Thus, master — ' and putting out his great hand he gripped Foy 'a neck in a fashion that caused him the intensest agony. ' Drop it,' said Foy, kicking at his shins. ' I didn't squeeze ; I was only showing you,' answered Martin, opening bis eyes. ' Well, when their wits were gone of course it was easy to knonk their heads together, so that they mightn't .find them again. You see,' he added, ' if I had left them alive ? well, they are dead anyway, and getting a hot supper by now, I expect. Which shall it be, master ? Dutch stiok or Spanish point ?' ' Stick first, then point,' answered Foy. ' Good, We need 'em both nowadays,' and Martin reached down a pair of ash plants fitted into old sword hute to protect the hands of the players. They stood up to each other on guard, and then against the light of the lanterns it could be seen how huge a man was Martin. Foy, although well-built and sturdy, and like all his race of a stout habit, looked like a child beside' the bulk of -this great fellow. As for their stick game, which was in fact e word exercise, it is unnecessary to follow its details, for the end of it was what might almost have been expected. Foy sprang to and fro, slashing and cutting, -while Martin the \- eolid scarcely moved his weapon. Then suddenly . there would be a parry and a reach, and the stick ?would fall with a thud . all down the length of Foy's back, causing the dust to start from his leathern jerkin. ' It's no good,' said Foy at last, rubbing him self ruefully. 'What's the use of guarding against you, you great brute, when you simply crash through my guard and hit me all the same P That isn't science.' «' No, master,' answered Marian, ' but it is business. If we had been using swords you would . jwvs been in pieces by aow. No blame to you and no credit to me ; my reach is longer and my arm heavier, that is alL' ' At any rate I am beaten,' said Foy ; ' now take the rapiers and give me a chance.' Then they went at it with the thrusting fiwords, rendered harmless by a disc of lead upon ' their points, and at this game the lnek turned. -Soy was active as a oat, with the eye of a hawk, \- and twice he managed to get it under Marian's guard. ... 'You're dead, old fellow,' he eaid at the second thrust ' Yes, young master,' answered Martin, ' but remember that I killed yoa long ago, bo that you are only a ghost and of no account. Although I have tried to learn its use to please you, I don't mean to fight with a toasting fork. This is my ir«KK»,' and. seianfr the great sword which stood in the corner, he made it hiss through the air. Foy took it from his hand and looked at it. It was a long straight blade with a plain iran guard, or cage, for the hands, and on it, in old letters, was engraved one latin word, Sileutium, ' Silence.' ' Why is it called ' Silenoe,' Martin ?' ' Because it makes people silent, I suppose, master ' ' What is its history, and how did you come by it ?' asked Foy in a malicious roice. He knew that the subject was a sore one with the huge Frisian. Martin turned red as his own beard, and looked uncomfortable. ' I believe,' he answered, staring upwards, ' that it was the ancient Sword of Justice of a little plaoe up in Frissland. As to how I came by it, well, I forget.' ' And you call yourself a gcod Christian,' said Foy reproachfully, ' Now I have heard that your head was going to be chopped off with this sword, but that somehow you managed to steal it first and got away.' ' There was something of the sort,' mumbled Martin, ' but it is so long ago that it slips my mind. I was so often in broils and drunk in those days— may the dear Lord forgive me — that I can't quite remember things. And now, by your leave, I want to gj to sleep.' 'You old liar, 'said Foy shaking his head at him, ' you killed that poor executioner and made off with hia sword. You know you did, and now you are ashamed to own the truth.' 'May be, may be,' answered Martin vacu ously ; ' so many things happen in the world that a fool man cannot remember them all. I want to go to sleep.' ' Martin,' said Foy sitting down upon a stool and dragging off bis leathern jerkin ' what used you to do bef jre you turned holy P You have never told me the whole story. Come now speak up. I won't tell Adrian.' ?? Nothing worth mentioning, MaBter Foy.' ' Oat with it, Martin.' ' Well, if you wish to know I am the son of a Friesland boor ? r ' And an Englishwoman from Yarmouth. I know all that.' . ' Yes,' repeated Martin, *♦ an Englishwoman from Yarmouth. She was very strong my mother ; she could hold up a cart on her shoulder while my father greased the wheels, that is, for a bet ; otherwise she used to make my father hold the cart up while eha greased - the wheels. Folk would come to see her do the trick. When I grew tip I held the cart and they both greased the wheels. But at last they died of the plague, the pair of them, God rest their souls ! So I inherited the farm ? ' ' And ? ' Baid Foy, fixing him with his eye. ' And,' jerked out Martin in an unwilling fashion, ' fell icto bad habits.' ' Drink f' suggested the merciless Foy. Ma: tin sighed and hung his great head. Ha had a tender conscience. ' Then you took to prize-fighting,' went on his tormentor ; ' you can't deny it ; look at your nose.' '? I did,. master, for the Lord hadn't touched my heart in those days, and,' he added, brisking up, ' it wasn't suoh a bad trade, for nobody ever beat me except a Brussels man once when I was drunk. - He broke my nose, but afterwards, when I was sober ? ' and he stopped. 'You killed , the Spanish boxer here in Leyden,' said For sternly. ., *' Yes,' echoed Martin, ' I killed him euro enough, but — oh ! it was a pretty fight, and he brought it on himself. He was a fine man, that Spaniard, but the devil wouldn't play fair, so I just had to kill him. I hope that they bear in mind up above that I had to kill him,' ' Tell me about it, Martin, for I wag at The Hague at the time, and can't remember. Of course I don't approve of each things ' — and the young rascal clasped his hands and looked pious — %i but as it is all done with, one may as well hear the story of the fight. To spin it won't make you more wicked that you are.'.' Then suddenly Martin the onreminiscent developed a marvellous memory, and with much wealth of detail set out the exact circumstances of that historic encounter. ' And after he bad kioked me in the stomach,' he ended, ' which, master, you will know he had \- no right to do, I lo&t; my temper and hit out with all my strength, having first feinted and knocked up his guard with my left arm- — ' ' And then,' said Foy, growing excited, for Martin really told the story very well, ' what happened P' 'Ob, his head went back between his shoulders, and when they picked him up, his nsck was broken. I was sorry, but I couldn't help it, the Lord knows I couldn't help it ; he shouldn't have called me ' a dirty Frisian ox/ and kicked me in the stomach.' ' No, that was very wrong of him. Bnt they arrested you, didn't they, Martin P' ' Yes, for the second time they condemned me to death as a brawler and a manslayer. Yoa see, * the other Frieeland business came up against me, and the magistrates here had money on the Spaniard. Then your dear father saved me. He was burgomaster of- that year, and be paid the ,? . death fine for me— a huge sum— afterwards, too, he taught me to be sober' and think of my soul. So yon know why Bed Martin will serve him and his white there is * drop of blood left in his worthless oaroase. And now, Master Foy, I'm goin^ to steep, and God grant that those duty Spanish dogs mayn't haunt me.' ' Don't you fear for that, Mattin,' eaid Foy as he took hit departure, ' absolvo te for thoge Spaniards. God emote them through your strength who were not ashamed to rob and insult a poor new widowed woman after helping to murder her husband. Yes, Maitin, you may enter that on the right side of the ledger — for a change— for they won't haunt you at night. I'm more afraid lest the business should be traced borne to us, but I don't think it likely, since the street was quite empty.' ' Quite empty,' echoed Maitin nodding his head. ' Nobody saw me except the two soldiers and Vrouw Jausen. Thej can't tell, and I'm sure that fibe won't. Good-night, my youn,* master.*' CHAPTER IS. * ' ADBLLN GOES OUT HAWKING. In a house down a back street not very far from the Leydea prison, a man and woman sat at breakfast on the' morning following the burning of the Heer Jausen ?and his fellow martyr. These : aho we Tiave met before, . for they were nor«e other than the estimable Black Meg and her companion, named the Butcher. Time, which had left them both strong and active, had not, it must ba admitted, improved their personal appearance. Black Meg, indeed, was much as she had always been, except that her hair was now grey and her' features, which seemed to be covered with yellow parchment, had become sharp and hagHke, though her dark eyes still burned with their ancient fire. The man, Hague Simon, or the Butcher, scoundrel by nature, and spy and thief by trade, one of the evil spawn of an age of violence ' and cruelty, boasted a face and form that became his reputation well. His countenance was villainous, -very fat and flabby, with small, pig-' like eyes, atad framed, as it were, in a fringe of sandy-coloured whiskers, running from the throat to the temple, where they faded away into a great | expanse of utterly bald head. The figure beneath was heavj , pot-paunched, and supported upon a pair of bowed but sturdy legs. But if they were no longer young,- and eueb. ^ood looks as they ever possessed had vanished, i the years had brought them certain compensations.. Indeed, it was an age in which spies and all such wretches flourished, since, besides other pickings, by epeoial enactment a good proportion of the ' realised estates of heretics was paid over to the informers as blood- money. Of oourse, however, humble tools like the Butcher and his wife did not get the largest joints of tha heretic sheep, for whenever one was slaughtered, there were always many honest middlemen of various degree to be j satisfied, from the Judge down to the executioner, with others who never showed their faces. Still, when the burnings and torturings were brisk, the amount totalled up very handsomely. Thus, as the pairsat at their meal this morning, they were engaged in figuring out what they migbt expect to receive from the estate of the late Heer Jansen, or, at least, Black Meg was so employed with the help of a deal board and a bit of chalk At last she announced the result, which was satisfactory. Simon held up his fat hands in admiration. ' Clever little dove,'1 he said, ' you ought to have been a lawyer's wife with your head for figures. Ah ! it grows near, it grows near.' ' What grows near, you fool ?' asked Meg in her deep mannish voice. 'That farm with an inn' attached of which I dream, standing in rich pasture land with a little wood behind if,. and in the wood a church. Not too large; no, I am not ambitious; let us say a hundred acres, enough to keep thirty or forty cows, which you would milk while I marketed the butter and the cheeses ? ' ' And slit the throats of the guei&ts;,' inter polated Meg. Simon looked eboi-ked. ?'? Ko, wife, you mis judge me. It is a rough world, and we must take queer cuts to fortune, but , onoe 1 gat there, respectability for me and a seal in the village church, provided, of oourse. thet ibis orthodox. I know that you eorae of the poodle, and your instincts are of the people, bnt I can never forget that my grandfather was a gentleman,' and Simon puffed himself out and looked at the ceiling. ' Indeed,' sneered Meg, ' and what was your grandmother, or, for the matter of that, how do yon know who was your grandfather P Country house ! The old Red Mill, where you bids , goods out there in the swamp, is likely to be your only country house. Village church? Vilhga gallows more likely. No, don't yon look nasty at me, for I won't stand it, yon dirty little liar. I have done things, I know ; bnt I wouldn't have got my own aunt burned for an Anabaptist, which she wasn't, in order to earn twenty florins, so there.' Simon turned purple with rage ; that aunt* story was one which touched him on the raw*' ''Ugly— — ' be began. Instantly Meg's hand shot out and grasped the neck of a bottle, whereon he changed his tune. ' The eex, the sex,' he murmured, turning aside to map his bald head with a napkin ; ' well, it*s only their pretty way, they will have their little joke. Hullo, there is someone knocking at theaoOT.' ' ' And mind how you open it,' said Meg, becoming alert. ' Remember we have plenty of enemies, and a pike- blade comes through a small eraok.' : 'Can one live with the wise and remain a greenhorn ? Trust me.' And placing his arm about his spouse's waist, Simon stood on tiptoe, and kissed ner gently on the cheek in token of reconciliation, for Meg had a nasty memory in quarrels. Then he skipped away 'towards tha door as fast as his bandy legs would carry him. The colloquy there was long and for the most part carried on through the keyhole, bui in thsj end their visitor .-was admitted, a beetle-brorej brute of much the same etamp as his hqrt. ' , . ' You are nice one*,' he said sulkily, ' to ba bo BUBpioious about an old friend, especially when he comes on a job,' ' ' ' . ' Don't be angry, dear Hans,' interrupted Simon in a pleading voice. ' You know how many bad characters are abroad in these rough timeB ; why, for aught we could tell, yon might have been one of these desperate Lutherant, who stick at nothing. But about the business ?' ' ?' Lutherans, indeed,' snarled Hans ; ' well, if they are wise they'd stick at your fat stomach ; built is a Lutheran job that T have come from The Hague to talk about.' «? Ah !' said Meg, ' who sent you ?' \- ' A Spaniard named Ratniro, who has recently turned up there, a humorous dog connected with the Inquisition, who eesms to know everybody and whom nobody knows. However, his money Is right enough, and no doubt he has authority . behind him. He says that you are old friends of his.' ' Eamiro ? Ramiro,' repeated Meg reneirtiveta ** that means Oarsman, doesn't it, and sounds like an alias* Well, I've lots of acquaintances in the galleys, and he may be one of them. What does lie want, and what are the terms ?' Hans leapt forward, and whispered for a long while, while the other two listened in silence, only nodding from time to time. ' It doesn't seem much for the job,' said Simon when HanB had finished. ' Well, friend, it is easy and safe ; a fat merchant and his wife and a young girl. Mind you, there hnao killing to be done if we can help it, and if we can't help it the Holy Office will shield us. Also, it is only the letter which he thinks that the young woman may carry that the aoble Kamiro wnte. DoubtleBS, it has to do with the sacred affairs of t'je Church. Any valu ables about them we may keep as a perquisite over and above the pay.' Simon hesitated, but Meg announced with decision. ' It is good enough ; these merchant women generally have jewels bidden in their stays.' ' My dear,' interrupted Simon. ? Don't ' my dear ' me,' Baid Meg fiercely. ' I have made up my micd, so there's an end. We meet by the Bosbhuysen at 5 o'clock at the big oak in the copse, where we will settle the details.' After this Simon said no more, for he had this virtue, so useful in domestic life — he knew when to yield. (To be continued.) 