FOOTBALL GOSSIP. BY FOLLOWER. Taking one consideration with another, Geelong had a pretty bad time, last week. After silly resort to counsel's opinion, ridi culous tlireats of Supreme Court injunc- tions, and positive declaration that nothiug would induce them to give in, the western club's representatives climbed ' humbly down, recouped South Melbourne, and paid the fine, aud on the following day Geelong were badly beaten in the first of the finals for premiership. That the Geelong club's officials and members generally made them selves appear very absurd before the public by their nonsensical threats cannot reason ably be denied, and if the club's members had been wise tlicy would have thanked their president and representative, Mr. J. Macmullcn for saving thcin from further ridicule, even at the eleventh hour, by tak ing upon himself the responsibility of settl ing up the silly dispute in the only practic able manner open to the club. It appears, however, that there are so-called supporters of the Geelong club silly enough to desire a perpetuation of the paltry squabble (which, as I said from the first, has been unworthy of anybody beyond the stage of childhood), and who would deal with it in a- truly Little Pedlingtonian spirit, and Mr. Mac- mullen, heartily disgusted, I should think, has resigned his offices as president and delegate. The argument that the league should have no power to adjudicate concern ing the privileges of members of league clubs in regard to admission to grounds is absurd, and the correspondence recently published by the secretary of the South Melbourne Football Club distinctly showed that the various secretaries had agreed to certain terms proposed by the league, thus practically recognising the right of the lat ter body to' have a voice in the matter. As I have always maintained, the importance sought to be attached to this stupid little wrangle between, two clubs has been simply ridiculous. It lias been stated that in Gee long indignation was expressed on Saturday at the club's delegates submitting to the de mands of the league, but methinks the over powering victory of Melbourne over tho Geelong team on Saturday afternoon was the chief cause of the "indignation." If Geelong had walked over Melbourne, in stead of practically losing their chance of being premiers at the very first go in the finals, Mr. Macmullen's very sensible though tardy act of conciliation would no doubt have been approved. Tour red-hot football barraclcer. always looks round for somebody or something upon which to work off, his splenetic feelings in the liour of de- lcat, and Geelong hit upon its president. In tlie severance of what has been a long and honorable connection, tho Geelong club will be a greater loser than will Mr. Mac- mulien, and If members of tlieclub'afelio't quite lost to reason and common sense thev will ask mm to remain in office. The mere mca ol ft mail like Mr. AlacmuHcn retiring trom ofhee over such an affair as tin's is really too ridiculous to be considered seri ously. However much the public ridiculed the attempt of the Geelong committee at bump tiousness, it was evident on Saturday that the Geelong players were not held account able bY metropolitan supporters of the gamp, for on appearing at East -.Melbourne 011 Saturday the western boys were accord ed a very hearty reception, Young (in jured) mid Holligan (removed to Yarra- wongn) were absent, but Melbourne had their full strength available with the soli tary, exception of M'CIelland, though Itip- pon, who was suffering froin an' inllnmcd e.ve, was a doubtful starter until nearly tho last moment. The result of this match should certainly prove to the ' League (if any proof were wanting) the weakness of tlie system under which the s6'-eii!led pre miership is contested. The Melbourne . team, which a week before had played a weak, go-as-you-please, don't)care-a-hang kind of game against Carlton,1 'was hardly recognisable in the sturdy, clever, dashing and amazingly fast team which polished off Geelong 011 Saturday. A's ;I recently pointed out, last Saturday, the 'fifteenth of the'season, was really the first -of premier ship contests. On the previous baturday there was 110 incentive to exertion, but, on tlie contrary, every temptation to tako iiiit- — liines easily," and, "s a consequence, Mef- 1,n riic on one day played as though out for n lark and oil. the other as though the life nf 'cvc'rv nmn in the team depended on the ,Vnc The experiences of these two days ilnne I repeat, must effectually settle the fate of the existing system if members of llin Victorian Football League entertain 1,0110 of securing public Bupport in the future There was nothing to alarm Goe- j,', Melbourne, with the wind, scoring 0 7 to 0 2 in the first quarter/but when the Titter followed with a couple ofgoalsagainst ofi j,, the second, supporters of the visiting team must have felt uncomfortable. Still Melbourne only led by 5 points at half time hut in the third quarter they playeu -m overpowering game, a (Win" 1.7 to nil, and consequently started the last quarter with a winning leaf of 18 points. That both sides were weaker forward than else where had been noticeable all through, and in the last quarter Geelong lost their last chance through Rankin and Joe j\1', Shane each fading to turn a good chance to ac count Again the visitors failed to battle out a good finish, awl Melbourne were at tacking fiercely when the final bell rang on the hitter's victory, the scores being 5.15 to 3 io Melbourne winning by 17 points. In liic'last quarter Wardill appeared to have thouriit out more carefully than usual the "of battle; and his decision to further strengthen his ruck, which all through had been powerfully effective, resulted satisfac torily- When towards the finish Cumber land, Moodie, Wardill, Rippon and M'Ginis wore simultaneously "on the ball," the other side, palpably tiring, were helpless. Although it is not my custom in gossiping about these matches to repeat, criticisms on individual play, which have already ap peared in "The Ago" I cannot pass over the individual play of M'Gnus on Saturday. 1 have frequently stated that m the course of an experience of Victorian football dating back to its infancy, I never saw M'Ginis's superior as a skilful, powerful and intelli gent all round player, and I am equally certain that he has never played a better game than he showed last Saturday. It was as nearly perfect as I ever expect to witness. But for the pronounced superior ity of Melbourne this match might have re/ suited in a most unsatisfactory manmfe through the incapable umpiring of Freainjj" who should certainly be cautioned against repeating such palpable mistakes as fie made on Saturday. \ Slaking due allowances for the heavy los\ experienced by Smith Melbourne in the" regrettable inability of Pleass to pay in consequence of a strained back, it must be allowed that Essendon's form was quite worthv the best traditions of the once un approachable red and black. George Stuckey and his comrades, after the first few minutes on the South Melbourne ground, never gave the local team a ghost of a chance. The new man, Hiskins, from Eutherglcn, whom "Tracker" had pro nounced "one out of the box," justified the veteran's eulogium by scoring first goal, and it proved a happy augury of Essendon's success. As everybody knows, whenever the wind blows, it is more strongly in evidence at. South Melbourne than on any other ground, but on Saturday it blew almost straight across, and, there fore, while annoying, it hnd no marked effect on the play. Essendon's distinct superiority was shown all through the match and all over the field. They gain ed 20 points in the first quarter, 1 in the second, and 19 in the fourth, the third re sulting in a dead heat. At times there were good tussles most interesting to watch, but Essendon's opening score of 3.2 to liii left supporters of South Melbourne with little or, no hope. Each good rally by the local team ivns heartily cheered; but tlie most sanguine Southerner was compelled to realise that nothing short of a miracle could wipe off 20 points against a team going as Essendon were. Starting the last quarter 21 points ahead, the latter quickly made it apparent that they were still full of going, and, adding 4.1 to 1.0, they left the ground with one of the best performances of the season to their credit, winning by 40 points — 9.5 to 3.1. Need less to say, the result put Essendon suj)- portcrs in great heart, and considering with it Eitzroy.'s great record for the sea son, Collingwood's recent form, and the . great game played by Melbourne againBt Geelong, the remaining matches of the sea son should furnish some contests worth a day's journey, to witness. The successive victories of Carlton over South and Melbourne, induced the ultra- sanguine followers of the old blues to hope that tlicy might even prove capable of keeping Fitzroy at their top, and up to half time the .anticipation was realised. After losing 7 points in the first quarter, Carlton staggered the local tmlookers by gaining a couple of points in the second, and this unexpected closeness of the first half invested the third quarter with un usual interest.:. The maroons, however, rose to the occasion", £nd turned the third period to good account Jby addiug 3.G to 0.2. With a consequent lead of 27 points at the last change of ends, Fitzroy's victory was well, assured, and although tlio boys in blue fought out the finish so gamely and well as to only lose 2 more points, Fitzroy wound up winners by 29 points — 9,13 to 5.8. 11 was certainly the best contested of the four league mutches played on Satur day. nnd at its, close Fitzroy, though vic torious, hail not, the same grounds for com plete satisfaction as lmd Melbourne and Essendon. Slpan, the Fitzroy captain, though nearly recovered from his recent injury, deemed- ,it wise to reserve himself for the more important engagements to fol low, nnd. acted tli.c part of onlooker.. As Colling\vdpd,ion -their own ground bad beaten 'every otjjur league team in the first double round it was not to be expected that nt. Kilda would Be able to extend the mag, pics at Victoria Park. Monaban and Dow were absent, .and as Hognn lind unfor tunately broken his wrist, the Saints were without the invaluable assistance of their famous high marker. The scores correctly indicate the relative strength of the two teams, Collingwood running over th'eir visi tors (who never scored a goal), nnd winning hands down by 59 points— 8.20 to 0.9. Had half the magpies' chances. been made the most of tho result would have been still more disastrous to St. Kiklu, whose re organisation has not been attended by the success which was hoped for and indicated by their performance against Melbourne on 'he opening day of the season. Hie victory of Footserny over Brunswick, coupled with Williamstown's defeat nt I inliran, settled the association premier ship, which has ngnin been won by Foots- f'a.v. whose position is unassailable, though the final matches have to be played to-day. bputscray's heavy score of 5.7 to Bruns wick s ml in the second quarter made the premier's win little, less than certain, but the Brunswickors made a great rally in the thud quarter, adding 4 goals to 1 without cither side securing an additional behind. 3 i .ai I'ad thus been reduced to !LS-Lnt! at,tho last change of ends, but Floon flie end they held undisputed possession, and adding 5.7 to nil again in the fourth quarter as in the second, the tri colors won the match by 50 points— 11.17 to 5.3— and the premiership, amidst much a! S?J01cl,n8 "ml congratulation. At ioorak Park, Prahran practically do- monstratcd that the pronounced improve ment in the team recently pointed out by their supporters has been no idle boast, starting against the wind, they held Wil- hamstown so well in clieek that the latter could only score 1.6 to 1.0, and after cliang- 1r'5ten ' loill team, playing a splen didly concerted game, made the best use of their frequent opportunities, adding 5.4 to 1.0. In the third quarter/with the wind, the visitors kept the home team busily en gaged in defending, and put on 4.6, while 1 raliran only added a bare goal. Williams- town starting the last quarter 2 points ahead excitement ran high amongst the spectators, hut though the visitors made a great final struggle, Prahran, adding 2.5 to n a tn0s exciting match by 8 points —9.0 to 7.13. As indicated by the scores, the general play was very even, Prahran crossing the goal line 18 times, and Wil- liamstown 20, the superior shooting for goal by Prahran in the second quarter pull ing them through. For so young a club it Wvis a great triumph, however, for Prahran to down the runncrs-up, who, up to the previous Saturday, had been running neck and neck with the premiers. The respective positions of Richmond and West Melbourne indicated an easy win for the former when -they met at North Melbourne on Saturday, but West Mel bourne took a lot of shaking off. Starting with a lead of 13 points in the first quarter, they fought on stubbornly, and finished the third with a point to the good. In the last quarter each side scored a behind, and Richmond adding the only goal kicked after the final change of ends won by 5 points — 3.5 to 2.6. An equally stubborn game was played at Tort Melbourne between Ports and North Melbourne. At no stage of the game did t»4djOT»«ide hold what could be considered q. (1 , Ports being 2 points ahead ;?VIbe -dud' of-. the third, quarter. Right up 3t6 the bfesf-yH was splendidly contested, juut I'ortS'-gaming another point (each iddiMa tfuWon by 3 points — 4.3 to $? VO, 