[?] WM. RAYNOR. -r : oomniT, iFT ffoxFisrxW&is; rssirs. flORAH Bajraw 'J satin tb« par- , . ,k>nr of. her L fatber'soaae Y " at SmaitBtono V - in Todotiie. % Bofbreherjwas \ .. an open sewn 1 paper which bad been de- uvereu oy uie postman a few minutes 'pre rioudy. It t h « 'Wiirrytlrftyo (Australia Mercury, an a I mere was one paragraph which had been parked in tod ink, apparently to call NonhV attention to it. ! HEATHS. HORNCA8TLE.— On Saturday, the 6th Bep- tern ber, at Wunyarayo, John Stuart Son»- I castle, aged « yean, of dysootery, aftefr an « . Illness of only two days. j Norah stared at the paper with dty eyes/ ! her lips drawn tightly together with ah ex ; pressioh of , inward agony on her face, j Then natiire came to her relief, and sSe I sobbed pjiteously. ' j 44 Head 1" she cried. 44 Ob, my. poor; poor : Jack f The light of my life is blotted out/' I . oAnd it s seemed as if she spoke truly, j Instead of tho brisk, happy Noran of old, she : became as. if by the' touch of a magician's Waifd a plodding, careworn young wqrpan, Igoiikg about her work In her father's house ' without heart, and dimply' as a matter of duty , and routine. ; In one short day she appeared to have aged ten yearn. Norah's father was a'grocer, bat bis trade was not flourishing. He was a shopkeeper of the old school ; competition bad arisen which he could not cope with ; and that, and an unfortunate tendenoy on his part to drown bts cares in the cup that inebriates, bad sent him on the downward .path. By far his largest creditor won Frank Parketer, a young man of means who had spocceded to a good ( wholesale grooer's business ; and Frank bad fallen hopelessly in love with Norah Balmer ; ---hopelessly, because her heart was already given to Jack Horncastle. Frank, however, , was a persistent suitor, and had more than once intimated to old Samuel Balmer that if he ooutd induce his daughter to accept him he would wipe off all his debts and practically pension (he old man off. To jo Mr. Bahner justkie, he had not, hitherto, pre-sed Norah on the subject. He respected her love for Jack, and now. that Jack was dead, after allowing time for the first passionate grief to subrids, ho gently put it to her whether she could not bring . herself to marry Frank Parketer and save her old father and herself from ruin. Norah did not care what hapj cnod to her, and she allowed hertulf to be led like a lamb to' the slaughter. Frank Pnrketer's end Norah 'a tastes did not prove to be in common. Fast, fond of s town life, and a little givea to .betting, he sooti got tired of 1ms handsome, quiet wife, and, seeking those pleasures that were con : genial to him, he left her at home to care for their only child, a girl, Norah. j Mrs. Parketer passively submitted to hit) negloot ; and when, after six years of wedded life, her husband died from the effects of ! dissipation, leaving his affairs eoiuvolvcd that she was thrown ou the world almost 'penniless, she applied herself with quiet rdrtitnde to the task of earning bread for herself and her daughbr. An a mother she luyed her little Norah devotedly, though her life, so to Mpcuk, was buried vriih Jai k Horn- oastle. ! ' f Little Norah was 41 little" no longer. Although only sixteen rhe was tall, with a sedate and pensive expression which gave her an appearance of being older than she really was. Mm. Parketer had contrived to keep her daughter and herself by means of her needle, but her sight had lately born failing, and the doctor told bur thut ehe must give her eyes a complete rest or she would very likely go blind. This seemed impossible, but young Norah hod set home'f to leant riioitbaud and t> powriiing, and wus now trying hard lo ;obhtiu a situation, so as by her earnings to let her mother have the rest rhe required. ! tih«' AtihWrred advertisements and eugerly ' watched the (tostnian ou his rounds, but . disapjHiititraent had hitherto . been her lot. At last, however, oue morning, there was the unusual but welcome 44 rat-tat." 44 Mother, mother !" she cried. "I'vegota letter. I am to go and see the gentleman thin. | morning. It's at the 4Austrulian Wool i Agency ' in Mourgate street." 44 1 pray God you may be successful, my I durliiig." I 4 4 On, I am sure I shall get the plaoe, " cried Norah hopefully." I have a prenentiracnt that I shall." 4 Ah, child, presontiinents, when tbey are of goiai fortune, are mostly thoughts born of wislicN," replied her mother. 44 But let me look at the letter." Norah hauded her a typewritten note. 44 Mr. liomcastle will be glad if Mb Parketer will call upon him to-morrow inumiug ul eleveu o'clock." 44 ItuhtciiMie ! " murmured Mrs. Parketer. " How diff. rent it would all have been if poor JiO'k Imd not died." 44 What did you say, mother P" asked Norah. 44 Noihiug, uiy darling. I was only thiuk- ing. The iimue of llori/castle reiutnded me of soniuuiie whom I knew yearn ago. If tbe name g es for anv thing iu the w»y of good luck," she added, with a ghost ol a smile, "you ought u> be mjuockMu!." Norah, anxious not to be late, arrived iu Moorgun? <-i4uct full ten minute too soon. The jouih who hus iu the office know her eiTaiid..aiid i he idea of thin tall, kiriylik- giri®- being bin fcltuw-cWk was curious to him. He received her with a strange mixture uf .ihy nvqmct aud faiuiliarily. 44 Mr. liomcastle hasn't cotuo yet, mins," he suid. 44 It's not a market day, yuu know, and ho's never here before eleveu on off- dny " "Oh, thank you," she answered timidly. 44 1 will wait." v "Here's a chair, miss," said the olerk, as he shifted oue Lowurds her. 44 The guvnor's Mire to he here at eleven. He's awfully # puuciual." Tlie ten minutes seemed an age to Norah. hut precisely as the clock in the Bank of Fn gland clanged out ihe hour tlie office door ' was thrown open, and a fiue, broad- shouldered, arliletiu- loukitig man of about forty years of age, or perhaps a little more, ' 'if walked in. He glanced at the girl who was r silting in the riiled-in that did duty for |l a waitiiig-rnoiu. and, as he did so, hie fuce p ., pahvl visibly and lie stared at her so fixedly V that she fnlt quite confused. 1\. " Ah ! You've -ailed in answer to my m»1o. ha\t»nt yuu P" lie iciid, as he noticed 4 her riring colour. 44 1 will see you almost | iumiediiiti'ly — m coon as I have <»p Did my !£ U-ttora" fj- 'I he letters were few and unimportant that imiruiug, aud what there were were quickly thrown aside. But Mr. Hurm-asile sat wit)> 't hi ohm ou his hand in deep thought. Sji 4 Strange ! " he muttered. 4' I selected her Setter out uf huudrtlit ifecauae of the naoie H; of Norah. siuJ file's tlie very image of my 4\. pH»r <it««uth»-ai t " V- Then he remembered that the 44 image" \- wma waiting, aud iie called for ber to be shown in r-. 44 Take a .eat. Miss farkebT," he said, a b he artfu'ly placed a chair where the light V- would faff full upon her " Tou can one the y L- typewriier ?" ;S. % She was nervou and trembliag. j " 1 have learnt it, sir." she ruplsed. <4But 1 J — I've nut hod A situation vet. " I ttfi,'' lail jUDillDrif . /'And tbe. idoatif tipDgfor ohe'flnrnoe yon a little. : Wejl. nowf,sappoae 'Voa take a note, of a lblhoWMl a&a; thsb lype it at, the raaridnefio.thatloaa seehow you manage' jjt ..Take your .time nbwf mid don't be too .anxionk. £ am quite willing to mate all aUoeaoonfor you," he added Irindly. ' .. CThisrig, Atrong gentleman was very .nice . and -Tonaimring, Norah ihouchiy and it; gave her-oourage. ' Sho took the npte from his .dictetioti and typed it absolutely without mistake/ \ . :44 Tt»afe fatnou8ly one,"lKMjd. " Aodhe offered her a 'wage "which wafl OonetdcraUy' mora than fiholmd tweeted./ You can start to-morrow,' he ocmlinued.. /'But before yougtj mightT ask 'you a few qnestionfl as toyouraelf P' . -Norah crimaohicd eB alio Apened her little aatdie). 44Iquiteforgot, elr," pbe answered. 44 1 have a letter here as to my character from our clergyman and also one from the firm that mother liaa worked for as to our respect ability. ?41 did not mean that," he ttmlied, witii n wavb of the hand. 14 1 gmatitmed with you without anything of that. sort. But you remind 'me forcibly of someone else. Where 'were 'you born ?" r The abruptness of the question startled ber. . 44I— Iwas born at Nmartstonc in York- shlra, fir.". . '' Very " extraopdmarv ! . Very extra ordinary f'.hp oxolaimea. , 4fHttvc you any one of mo name. of Balmer in your family ?" J4M mother's maiden mime was Balmer," idle said. , . "It's stipngo,', be cried. 44 1 thought .that I Vuew every family in Smartstonc. und yett only knew one Bahner. Samuel Baln er, the grocer." 44 He wap my grandfather, sir. I recollect .him Tralh. -He died when I was six years old, just before my own tether died. Mr. Hornoastie jumped from his chair and .walked the room excitedly. 44 In your mother's uame Norah, like yonraf" he asked. . 14 Yes, her name's Norab, air." . "Then I've been wickedly imposed upon," be cried. And, shouuug to the youth iu tlie office, he told him to feb n a cab immediately. Then he unlocked a safe and took a small packet of newspapers from a drawer. And in less than half an hour a cab con taining Mr. HorncasBe and the wondering Norah drove up to the little house at High bury, where ehe and her mother lodged. "Norah!" "Jaekl" And Mr. Horncasfle's ncwly-cng&god; lady clerk was astounded to see her employer seize her mother, who started sobbing hysterically, and clasp her to his breast. 44 1 cannot have you for a clerk, Norah," c&id; Jack Horncastlc, after he bad heard her mother's story. 44 You must bo my daughter instead." . 44 But," Jnck I" oriel Mrs. Parketer. 44 1 don't understand it. Your death was adver tised in the paper." 44 So was yours, my lore," be raid. 44 i f have the old copy of the Smartstone Chronictr in my pocket. Look !" And Mrs. Park«-ter and young Norah read the advertisement of the former's death. "Yes, it's In that paper," said Mrs Parketer. 44 But I can swear it wasn't the real Smartstone (?' rwwie'e, because fathiT took it qvery week, and — and it's absurd !" 44 Someone must have falsified the papers both in Australia and in England," said Jack. Some villuiu— " 14 Hush, Jack," she said, gently. 44 It must have been Frank. He's dead." And so it proved. Jack met a man in fxmdon some time ufiei wards who had been tit Wurrywayo, and who knew a irintcr In : the tiewspaiier office, a relative of I Marketer's. On. his deathbed this printer had confessed te J «ckV informant that be hud altered the type, by arrangement with Parketer, after the regular copies of the paper hud bceu printed, apd lmd inserted a fatso notice of JuckV death in it. 4 4 It aceioed to haunt bitn In his dying hour," said the man. 44 He told mo af) about It, and made uie promise to try and uudo any mischief that . might have b-n done. But it was so long ago that I thought it better not to take any notice." 44 But how about the Smartstone paper?" queried Jack. 44 Oh. of course, Parketer must have played the same ttick there, tool Jfe bribed some body in the office to strike off one false print. It would b easy enough if the paper wasn't nreotyped." 