A WEIRD TALE OF MAGIC. ; ?%« ateannhip ina moving Blowly along I ttelWd Oe*^ ; Tbe passengers were lyinff f«bout in deok chairs »nd were^aKat li«ily ?\oot from under the shade of double awnings. saross the glittering water at the long coast lino, whieh unrolled itself . like a panorama 'iaantom-? ?;?;. ,;-?,-:.?.?;??? . r'./ ?' ? Long lines of yfllow beach, where, the Atlantia roUen broke in sheets of snowy foam, low bluffs crowned with great cotton , woo* trees, ? clusters of native hats lying be s jiea& the shade of :ftalhery vjaliaiB, roaring , tmrf-oovered tar and river mouth, all came .-: into sight, and1' disappeared as the steamer , rolled along, until, lying some diBWnoe be hind the coast among -htit appeared to be miles of mangrove swamp, a .lonely flat topped mount^n rose in view. ' . The summit could bo plainly ssbd against ? - the blue tropic sky, but 'the 'upper slopes were covered with -wreaths of mist, which was strange, ae the. rest of the landscape lay sharp and dear in the sunlight. . ' That must be the Ghost Mountain, oar black passengers tell us the strange tales 'about. By the way, you promised to tell us about the time you went to the top, Com ?nuBaioner,' said the Doctor, turning to Dis trict Commissioner Oddy, who lay back in a ;,«aoe chair. :.'' '' ' '. . ..?:'?'?. ' ?. ? ,., , ... ? ? The latter was a slightly made, spare man, who wag returning home invalided, haggard and yellow in face front the climate and j fever, but still shoeing by the flash of his eye &nd; the firm mouth traces of energy and ' decision. He turned to the doctor and answered: . ??..?' i * * ' Yes, I lived— and several' times nearly . clied— in sight of it for three years, but al though I onee tried I did not get to the top, and never wish to try again. The natives aay no one but a Ju Ju man ever reached the summit and lived.'' ? '? . . ? Here the passengers drew In their chairs to listen, and the Commissioner continued: 'It wassome twenty years ago that Jevons, a trading agent, and myiself sat out on the , verandah of my house, smoking an after- j dinner .'cigar. ., It had been a trying day, as hot as -fire, and at night it Was if possible worse; the inside of the room resembled an . oven. Outside,' however, a faint breese I stirred, bringing with it the ububI smell of ; burning wood, orange flowers and lilies; i mixed with the foul odours of mad and - ewamp, and although there was considerable ! risk of fever, it was just possible to breathe there, which you couldn't do inside. ' After -we bad smoked a while in silence Jevons stretched out his hand, and pointed acroBBthe miles of dense forest and man grove swamps that lay beneath the bright moonlight, opening out here and there to ? show the glistening surface of a broad river ; reach, or the foul black mud of a tidal ; lagoon, to where the GhoBt Mountain stood out clearly against the sky, with s silver cloud of mist wrapping iU lower slopes. j ' When shall we climb that wonderful , mountain, Oddy?' I ' ' Oh, whenever you wish; to-morrow, if you like,' I answered. We were both young, and with my head full of varied information ; in the departmental books, I thought I knew everything about Africa and its natives. ' I have changed my mind since, and am Just beginning to learn a little now — while Jevons, a burly, red-faced Englishman, was n.n iln Annvn«AA^ that t.hni-A nraa nnt.hintr worth knowing except how to make 25 per cent, profit for hiB firm by cheating the natives. 'We both of us laughed at the super stitions concerning the mountain, so, hav ing decided to go, I called for my shanty boy, blew my whistle for Sergeant Amnn and Kossoo,' for there were ten ' HanssaB ' attached to the station. ' A few moments later the two ' Haussas ' who are, as you know, Mohammedan black troops, entered. Bine, tall men they were, from tile far interior, with features much finer than those of the coast tribes, dressed in brown Karki uniform and red f ex. While they stood at attention, I told the boy to have two hammocks and eight bearers ready by sunriBe on the. morrow. *' ' At this he urged us to abandon the idea, saying that for 400 years no one bnt a Ju Ju priest had ever reached the summit without dying or losing hie reason shortly afterwards. However, we both laughed at any ' super stitious idea,' and turning to the black Ber geant, I Baid: ' ' Are you afraid to go, Amun ?' ' ' Mountain be ereat Ju Ju. sah : no good to meddle with the fetish of the heather; but where Oommissionah go, Amun and Kos soo go to, even though the mountain be full of devils,' was the faithful fellow's answer. That is the nature of the Mohammedan. Treat him fairly and feed him well, and he would follow you through Hades. ' We started at daybreak the next morn ing, travelling as far as we could in our ham mocks, with plenty of black carriers, until the bush became so thick that we had to go on foot. ' I remember the morning well, the bright sunshine and brillant flowers where the forest was thinner, and the solemn dimness, and wreaths of mist that lay around the trunks where the great branches met above us, every tree festooned with hanging creep ers. We did not know then that this mist might mean quick death, and that the smell of an African forest, half aromatic and half repulsive, was generally full of fever. ' On we went, winding in and out among the trees, now crossing a clear space, and again cutting our way with matchets through thorny bushes, until, when night came, we camped beside a little creek, and I lay awake until dawn, listening to the rustling of leaves and the voices of the foreBt, and watching the fireflies flashing in the grass. ' In the morning we made an early start, and, after a hard day's march, climbing and stumbling among mangrove roots, several times nearly losing our lives in the pools of fathomless mud that abound in these parts, we camped at sunset under the mountain it self. Dividing ub from it ran a broad, shal low stream, rippling pleasantly over a sandy bed, only to lose itself lower down among the rottenness and slime of a mangrove swamp. The moon shone brightly on -the wBter, and in the bush around us not a leaf stirred, but the mountain in front lay wrapped in a dark cloud of miBt, out of which we could hear the rustling of trees and the moaning of a night breexe. Our bearers, in spite of the liberal pay promised them, showed signs of making off, declaring that none of us would return alive, and it was only by threats that we could induce them to remain. ' When dawn came we forded the stream, and just as we stepped out of the water came upon two tall wands of scented wood, driven into the sand, each carrying a white cloth dipped in blood. This was one of the Ju Ju marks, and where it is set up with the proper ceremonial you might lay all you possessed there, and no native would dare to touch it. ' As we passed Jevons, out of wantonness, and with some silly remark about ' pulling up nigger superstitions,' Bnapped one of the stakes acrosB his knee, and set the pieces floating down the stream. I at once turned ' upon him iu-gi ily. ' ' ? What did you do that for ? You foul, ItMAjsil^'^lir^f^ntolm^^^ boltnoW, worse frightened than ever.' , : ' ' I*t of «llly higgew 1 tiet them bolt,and well go on alone, eh, 'Koseoo The ea&tum-; ingtothe Housaa. '--IT.-^ 3 ?!, '-V. \%«$j$!titibMiiify;:& sttote W:i$nW$ kn ow not, 'said, the latter.in his own tongue, alittle of which 1 knew, ' but it is not good to insult the gods of the heathen,' and by this time 1 knew he was right. I was a Uttle un comfortable, for I noticed the carriers mut tering one to -another, 'and looking at my companion in a threatening manner, but we induced them tovgo on by (tawing our re volvers, and the climb continued. ' Whiiethe sun ehone over the forest be low us, the mountain sides ware covered with white mist, whioh soaked bur clothes and seemed to' go through to the bone, and, while we could fee) no «ir in our faces, we could hear the trees overhead swaying and rustling in the breese. The lower slopes were oozing with water and. mud, so that our upward march was difficult and dismal, especially as we had to out our way Ihrough thorny bushes and masses of trailing plants most of the time, tip we went, struggling, through swamp and brake, until toward afternoon I noticed mr 'fiommnlfm tfo£ ?tj'&nfrAlv; nniat.. and had a flushed, swollen look about his face, which I did not like. When we stopped : a few minutes for breath, I Baid : . ? '? What's the matter, Jevons 7 Are you ill V but I only got a surly ' Ko 1 go on,' for an answer, and we continued our way, and by 6 o'clock were Some half way tap the mountain. ' ?..'?? , 'Here ire founds tittle dear space, strewn with a few large flat rocks, and ss the bearers had brought some dry wood from the forest below we made a fire and prepared to camp. Once or twice I noticed Jevons stag ger as he moved about! arranging the simple meal, and at last I made him sit down and leave it alone. While this was going on, what little light there was faded away, and an intense darkness closed around us. My friend ate nothing, hut drank some of the spirits and quinine I gave him, and then said: ' ' I don't know what's the matter with me ; my head's on fire, and I can't hold my self up. Some one must have poisoned mo or something. I'll go to sleep.1 ' Wrapping him in hiB waterproof sheet, I placed some baggage under his head, and eat down beside him. ' ' Amun and Kossoo,' I said, ' 1*11 watch half the night— you -sleep.' Then I threw more wood On the fire, and began my lonely vigil. ^ 'Overhead the trees swayed and rustled and a chill wind drove in my face, while fan. taetio wreaths of mists drifted across the fire light The red glow fell on my companion's it was, while he moved uneasily in his sleep, and murmured from time to time. Drifting out of the darkness came the moan ing of the wind, and the myriad voices of the forest, and I listened until at last my eyes closed, and I fell asleep. ' After doring uneasily a little I heard a weak voioe calling me,and, rising to my feet, saw Jevons trying to raise himself. Hastily running across to him, I raised bis head, and he gasped out: ' ' I don't know what it can be, but I feel I'm dying. Hold my hand; don't leave me,' and then bis head fell back on my knee. *f Calling Amun, I told him to bring some more wood, and to rouse one of the bearers, and for the little while he was away in the darkness I felt strangely desolate. In a few minutes he returned. ' ' The Shantee men all line for go away,' he said; ' only Amun and Kossoo here. Where officer man live, there be Hauasa man.' Then he made up the fire and sat close oenind me. ' I shall never forget the horror of that dismal night, sitting by the glow of the fire, watching the flickering shadows as I held my dying comrade's head on my knee. The mist drove past me in wreaths, chilling me through with its olammy touch, while all around the branches swayed and rustled as the wind swept through the trees, and at interval the snort of the leopard seeking his prey sounded through the forest. Jevons moved uneasily al times, and clutched my hands, but never recovered consciousness, and when at length the weary night passed, and the dim light of dawn came flittering through the branches, I saw with horror that he was dead. ' Abandoning all our luggage, we three Btarted to retrace our steps, attempting the almost impossible task of carrying the body of our comrade with ub. All day we strug gled downhill, through mud and thorny thicket, tearing our clothes to ribands, and lit times getting a nasty wound ourselves, al ways in the same cloud of clammy mist. I alternately shaking with the fever, which now attacked me, and abusing our cowardly carriers for deserting ub. Toward evening we reached the stream which separated the mountain from the mangroves, and here we flung ourselves down, and, with pains in every limb, and with my blood like liquid fire, I lay till morning in the burning grip of fever. ' When daylight came I could scarcely stand alone, and, as to carry the body any further was impossible, nothing could be done but to scrape a shallow hole in the sandy Btrip by the river and lay it there, at the foot of the twoju-ju wands ; for when we returned the missing one had been replaced. ' All that day, with swimming head and useless limbs, I leaned on the shoulders of my faithful followers, and, half carried and half staggering, managed to get through the awful tract of mangroves, black mud and Bwamp, which we had to cross. Struggling along half conscious late that night, we reached the spot where the hammocks had been left, ana aitnougn tney were worn oat with fatigue, the two staunch Haussas took me up, and, travelling along the clear path, we came staggering into the Compound at dawn— two haggard, tattered bearers, and an unconscious man. ' ' For ten days I lay between life and death, and then slowly recovered.' ' Did your friend show symptoms of ma laria V asked the doctor. ' I have seen many men die of fever, but none like that,' answered the commissioner, ' but from that day I have carefully avoided any insult to the native Fetish. I can give you no reasons, and can only say with Ham let, ' There are more things in heaven and earth than are -dreamt of in your philosophy.' And if you wish to know all the strange things that happen in the African forests you must spend your life among them.' 