The Cloud-Balancings. ; That mist which, lies in the morning | so solliy in the valley, level ana white, Uirougli which the tops of the trees rise us ii through an inundation—why is it so heavy ? and why does it lie so low, being yet so thin and frail that it will melt away utterly into splendour of morning when the sun lias shone on it but a lew moments more:' Those colos sal pyramids, huge and hrm, with out lines as of rocks, and strength to bear the beating of the sun full on their liery nanks—why are they so light, their bases high over their heads, high over the heads of Alps? Why will these melt away, not as tlie sun rises, but as he descends, TTud leave the stars of twilight clear, while the valley vapour gums again upon the earth like a shroud? Or that ghost of a cloud which steals by yonder clump of pines; nay, which does not steal by them, but haunts them, wreathing yet round them, and ye* and yet, slowly; now falling in a lair waved line like a woman’s veil; now fading, now gone. We look away for un in stant, and look back, and it is again there. Whut has it to do with that clump of pines that it broods by them and weaves itself among their branches to and fro? Has it hidden a cloudy treasure among the moss at their roots, which it watches thus ? Or has some strong enchanter charmed it into loud returning, or bound it fast with in those bars of hough ? and yon der filmy crescent, bent like an archer’s bow above the snowy summit, the highest of all the hill— that white arch which never forms but over the supreme crest—how is it stay ed there, repelled apparently from the snow—nowhere touching it, the clear sky seen between it and the mountain r, edge, yet never leaving it—poised us a white bird hovers over its nest? Or those war-clouds that gather on the horizon, dragon-crested, tongued with fire—how is their barbed strength bridled? what bits are these they are champing with their vaporous lips; flinging off flakes of black loam ? Leagued leviathans of the Sea of Heaven, out of their nostrils goeth smoke, and then.; eyes are like the eye lids of the morning. The sword of him that layeth at them cannot hold the speur, the dart, nor the habergeon. Where ride the captains of their arm ies? Where are set the measures of their march? Fierce murmurers, an swering each other from morning until evening—what rebuke is this which has awed them into peace? what hand has reined them back by the way by which they came.—John Kuskin. 