THEIR FAVOURITE BOOKS. It is not, perhaps, generally known that the Quean takes no small interest in tile, fiction of the day. A writer herself, sho is a . capable critic of all sho has road to her, and is said to prefer in this branch of literature '? tho novels of Edna Lyull. Tho Prince of Wales is a great admiror of George Meredith's works. ' A n nt.li ,. r (rr«nt. writni- IU,. r*ln.l..t ? ?_ ? . political has somewhat outshone his literary fame. The eminent statesman, however, found time, until quite lately, to get through a largo quantity of varied reading, llis library at Hawarden Castle is ? rather ' curiously arranged. The walls aro covered with shelves of books, 'aud between each : ? partition there is room to walk. By this means Mr. Gladstone is able, with littlo difliculty, to lay his hand upon any ono of tlio. 15,000 or 20,000 volumes tliut lie may reouire. ' ' . . Once scated.with his book, Mr. Glad slono takes a pencil and makes copious notes in the margin on BubjcclB he wishes to remem ber, of which he is in doubt, or which ho disputes. Theso ho afterwards classifies at the end gf tho volume, Uiub being able to refer at ontjb to those things ho wishes to re member, in the book. Tin* Grand Old Man's' ! favourite authors aro Aristotle, Danto, and Bishop Butler. The only fiction ho aficcta js that dealing with history or philosophy. 'lie' is an admirer of Mrs. Humphrey. Ward's ' Robert Elsuiero.'. Another noted statesman, Mr. Goschen, delights 111 a novel with plenty of plot in it' '? He also gets through a quantity of reading, and prefers the llov.S.Baring-Gould's novels to any others. Sir William Harcourt is also a great novel- leader, but Lord Salisbury finds little time for light literature. Stanley, tho great African traveller, is extremely fond of Ins Shakespeare. It was with extreme reluctance that ho burned his copy of the Stratford bard's works by coin- , ' maiid of the Zinga people, liarbarous nations almost invariably associate books with sorcery and witchcraft. Tho German Emperor is fond of novel reading, and is a great admirer of Georgo i'iliot. Mr. H. Ilidcr Haggard, though never a' great reader, has two favourites— Charles Dickens's ' Talc of Two Cities ' and Lord Lytton's ' Coining Race.' Other books of which lie novor tires aro ' EcclesiasteB ' nnd ? the poems of Edgar Allen 1'oe. . . '' My grandfather,' Baid - tlio shoo clerk boarder, 'once know an old man who in sisted that .the ghosts camo nnd milked liif' cows ovcry night.' . ' Sort of milkiii' 8pcctroB,ch?' commented tho Cheerful Idiot. 