LECTURE AND ENTER TAINMENT. THEi Rev. Father Gallivan's expression, that each of his entertainments is bot.ter -'than the last, is now a phase of local history, but we doubt very much if after WTednesday night's pirformaiice in aid of the R.C. School that the rev. gentleman I will be able to truthfully use his old fa niliar words. The lecture by the popn- i lar Rev. G. A. Robinson, ' Ireland's I Tribute to the Empire,' illustrated with f magnificent limelight views, was a treat that will probably never be erased from r the memories of those who were fortun ate enough to be present. A ny words of ours would fall far short of an ade quate tribute to the lecturer's splendid I effort, and we are fain to content our- c selves with giving as much space as p:s- I sible to his own words. The 1-cture was I interspersed with fitting anecdotes, that added to its charm, beiug told in a style L peculiar to Father Robinson, and which t could not help but please his auditors. t The hall was packed to the doors, and c although it was eloven o'clock before the f end came, there was not one out of the s large-assemblage but 1.ft his seat with a . tinge of reluctance. Miss 0' Halloran t opened the proceedings with a pianoforte t overture, ' The Merry Peasant,' capitally b rendered, the time and expression being % splendid. Miss Ryan's elocutionary f, effort, ' Bobs,' was specially admired, f, and she was called upon for an encore. d Mr. Myers revived an old favourite in p 'The Ghost,' and later he was equally -successful in ' The Barrister,' both re ceiving unstinted applause. Miss Ryan gave ' A Military Execution ' with greRt t feeling and vim, and Miss .Bowen sang n very sweetly ' )oreen,' which was much 1I appreciated. Subsequent to the lecture, s Mlr. Gunn, of Melbourne, who had sup- t plied the limelight views with a very g powerful lantern, exhibited some inter- s esting and amusing cinematographe C films, and then gave some capital selec- is tions on the harnoniphone. Both these it instruments were quite new to a Sunbury p ..audience, and were in consequence highly n appreciated. n At the conclusion of the varied and -interesting programme, the Rev. Father E Gallivan thanked all who had assisted to " make the event so great a success, and a also the large audience for their attend- P ance. After the entertainment, dancing was continued until 3 a.m., Mr. N. La Fenillade sustaining his reputation in supplying the dance music (piano and violin). Appefided are some excerpts from the d Rev. G. A. Robinson's lecture :- it ' I venture to say, there is not outRide s of ancient Greece or Rome-the Greece of Pericles or the Rome of Augustus-a a spot on earth which has been the cradle it of so many heroes, or where grew the P arts of war and peace to such rapid and it wonderful perfection, as that little island ti set like an emerald in the blue Atlantic, o: which we love and honour as our native - land. With its 32,000 sq. miles of ter- st ritory and its live millions of people, it o liVs raised, within less than 100 years, a' dliolars, divines, philosophers, poets, ti litterateurs, artists, statesmen, warriors, ti -a whole galaxy of illustrious names t; which commands the respect and chall- n enges the admiration of the world. I am s not going ,to take you back through her I che~qauered and sorrowful, but glorious a hud romantic history-to tell you what 0 she has dosne for religion andt civilisation L in Western Europe when tihe light of Roman cirriisation was extinguished by s the niortheru barbarians, or to follow her u with her exiles across the Atlantic and fl out to the Southern Seas and describe a the part she has taken in building up b the Dominion of Canada, the Republio n of the United States, the coming Com- r monwealth of Australasia. In the peace- g ful pursuits of commuerce and industry, I of art and literature, in the wisdom and power of foreseeing and intelligent states- o manship, she has taken her place in the l van of that great colonising movement t which has gathered nearly half of the h habitable globe into the federation of a Great Britain. We ared living now, a however, in a time of war, and since the v invasion of Cape Colony we have become a a warlike people. The call to arms has t broken the inmmemorial silence of the a primeval forest, and the Australian na- t tive at its summons has dropped the a pick with which he dug its mines and 1 the axe with which he felled its giant I trees, has broken his ploughshare into as sword, exchanged his shepherd's crook 7 Ior a rifle, and is gone to the firont to f fight the battles of the Empire in China s and South Africa. You wish to know what Ireland has done in thle past, and t is doing to-day in the field of battle to protect that British flag, and extend the c frontiers of that mighty British Empire. It would require the tongue of a Rich- 1 ard Lalor Shell or the pen of a Napier to do justice to such a lofty theme. I wilt say this, and contemporary events in South Africa confirm it, that by one of the most curious anomalies of ingrati tude to be found in all history, there is not a country in the world which has been trampled on so rudely by British tyranny at home, and which, nevertheless, has done more to carry into other lands the blessings of British liberty. The Irish man is by instinct, by heredity, by tein perament, a born soldier. He with his .hlighly strung Celtic nature, its amazing rigour, its buoyant hope, its boundless enthusiasm, has all the dash and daring which impel arms to ' seek the bubble reputation even in the cannon's month,' even though there be a lyddite shell in the mouth of the cannon. What Napo leon said of tsIe Poles may with equal truth be said of the Irish, ' that they make soldiers more readily than any other people.' No leader of English armies, no captain of the English fleet, from Wellington to Lord Roberts, from the great Lord Hiawke to Nelson, has failed to detect and do justice to the mag nificent fighting qualities of the Irish soldier.... Anyone who has ever read Na pier's picturesque History of the Penin sular War or Roberts'' Forty-one Years in India will confirm this. Some of the greatest generals who have led the British army to victory in the teeth of tremend ous odds-W,,lseley, Laurence, Wolfe, SWellington-have been Irishmen. We need not go further than the prevent r campaign in South Africa to perceive I that the valour which overthrew the Em r pire of Napoleon at Waterloo, whiichpi f loted India through the terrible crisis of Stle Mlniny, is still at the service of Great Britain, as chivalrous and indomo itable as ever. Who was the man that Sheld Ladlysmith for so many months against the combined forces of fire and famine and treachery ? General White, an Irishman. Who is it that commands at this moment the quarter of a million troops which England has sent to South Africa, and who has saved the British Empire from the gravest disaster of the century ? Lord Roberts, the hero of Kandahar, an Irishman proud of the Irish blood that courses in his veins.. . Wherever there is a battleship to be boarded, a rampart to be scaled, a citadel to be stormed, a breach to be entered, a kopje to be climbed under a deadly hail of bullets, there you will find first in front and last in rear, the dashing Irish soldier. It is curious that the Isle of Saints should be a home of warriors, and that the Warrior shouldh be as brave as the saint is holy. But so it is, and so it has ever been, since an English king, watching in dismay his army flying be fore a charge of the Irish Brigade on a foreign field, cried out in his anger and despair, ' Cursed be the laws that de prived me of such subjects !' The lecturer concluded with the foll owing remarks : ' Of course, ladies and gentlemen, we, the children of Ireland, love her as our motherland ; but I do think that she is loved by other people too-that by her sunny humour, her pathos, her chivalry. the valour of her sons, and, what is even greater still, the virtue of her daughters, she has won the admiration of the world. Oh, may it be that this kindly feeling will give the English people that true insight which only springs from sym pathy with her wrongs and sorrows ! Oh, may it be also that the English Govern ment will recognise at last, that that race which has helped to keep the flag of England flying over South Africa may well be trusted to unfurl her own flag and keep it flying over a peaceful, pros perous, and progressive nation !' 