QEgftRAIj NEWS. Ous Eidsrpid^lettor, giving further par ticulars of tbe alluvial gold workings near M'Konkey's Greek, will be found on oar fourth page in this issue. At the WeBleyan Church on Saturday night was rendered the first of a series of organ reoitals. The attendance was not encouraging, .and one could not help feeling sorry for the hundreds who were straying about tbe streets while such beautiful music was being dispoursed within easy reaoh of them. The whole reoital occupied less than an hour, and there was not a dull minute, even tbe collection being enlivened by a pleasing, organ solo. Mr. Ooasterdine may be fairly congratulated on his felicitous selections for tbe organ, and his no less admirable rendering of them. Several of his performances were rapturously ap plauded, notably the ' Grand ChtBur,' by that prince of organ composers, Guilmant ; and the Andante in G, by Batiste. This last item was very tastefully played, and invited reminiscenoes of Benson's recitals here, and of tbe silvery tones of Mr. James Walker's flute, with its accompaniments in liquid rippling runs, and its melodious em broideries and frills. This number was. very-much appreciated and enjoyed. Never, perhaps, has Mrs. Woodrow been heard to greater advantage than in ber charming and devotional rendering of Gounod's ' 0, Divine Redeemer.' The saored edifice and its surroundings were never more in keep with vooal expression than in her exquisite exposition of this truly grand prayer. Mr. Qeorge M'Qhie, though suffering from a cold, gave a very good rendering of Mendels sohn's great air, ' If with atl your hearts'. . and itB recitative, ' Bond your hearts and not your garments.' Tbe choir, with Miss Walker, Miss Southerden, Mr. Angell, and Mr. Negus as quartette, and Miss Walker soloiBt-, sang Attwood's ?-' Come, Holy Ghost, 'very acceptably. It is, we under stand, intended to make these reoitals a weekly fixture. and it may be hoped that a large and sympathetic audience will encourage suob a worthy eftort to meet snd gratify popular tastes for really good music. On our fourth page in this issue will be found a report of some of the evidence area before the Railway Commission at Crow's Nest in favour of the Crow's Nest extension. Mr. Duncan Munro, sawmiller, makes a great point of tbe fact that the Crow's Nest branch is paying, while the Kilkivan branch is still a burden on the country. Mr. Munro's evidence does not call for mnch comment or defence. We are not opposed to. the Crow's Nest exten sion unless it be made the alternative of the Kilkivan extension ; but Mr. Munro evidently does not recognise that the Crow's Nest line pays because it has tapped good country, and that the Kilkivan line is a loss to the country, because the good oountry still lies ahead and has not yet been tapped ; con sequently if only one of the two lines is to bo extended by the Government, it should not be the one that has reached good country and is paying, but the one ttiat will reaoh good country, and will pay -if extended. In short, the Kilkivan line, because, it is not paying, is in more meed of improvfiroehtSbJ extension pay ing Country -th-in oije whfch has ^tre$ly 'reached rjsugj^puqtijf, even tbougli' ijhe latleron'itB merits' nifty deserye to b?ex tended.. Mf. afunro wisely concludes his his evidence ^rith the sug^es£ion that botlj lines should be extended. ' As to his other : contention that tbe Crow's Nest extension | would give the N^nango farmers 'a short access to the western 'market, add. that St^ii a better inarkot than Maryborough, A is rather strange that the Qowns shoul^ export so' extensively td ;this' district and the north, if tbe western market is so good. As a matter of fact the Wide Bay and Burnett district and tho whole of the north, with plenty of 'the wost' thrown in, is a far more attractive - goal ' for the Nanango farmers, and, pan only be reaohed with profit via Killcivan qhd ifaryborough. Spkahno at .the Commereial Travellers', dinner in Brisbane, the J'remier (Mti 'Philp) said : ' There, was a very extensive belt of agricultural ianarA^^fattiligo, And ; be in tended to pass during the coming session the plans for that Une.^&^fiaei^ Miere were millions of actas, biro TOj^te a vera fast extent of land obtaining millions of feet qf timber, whichjt was highly desirableishould be brgugTit'to socoe port of the coast. He would hot say tbat,the line should be from Brisbane, EskI or KiUnvan, but the best route, ought to be.jchnsewh, and Jm believed the best wpuld be^oljbjBb.' ; ^ s : Thb State schools, with the exception of the Albert', will 're open this morning after the midwinfe yae&tion.; The Albert will re opon on Uoiiday next, the holiday being extended to «nable the work of paintibg ana. repairing the school building, now in' prq g -ogress, being finished. 'Tbe Christian rothers school will, also -rerame wor]i this morning. ' ' ^ ' At the PoliceUCourt ^-n Saturday morning, before E. Morey, 'Es./ P.M, a PolyniMan was fined 29s. b'r eji'-flays1 iH low-up for 4rnnkenness. ; fTne' ,fboy,, is i«lfihg it oat. 