Local and General News. The s. s. W yoking .—This steamer left Sydney for the Manning 'with coals tor the N. C. S. N. Co. *8 use on Monday evening, and crossed into the .river early on 'Wednesday morning — after being off the bar all night. She went up to Tinonce to take in a cargo of girders, &c.;, forSydney after discharging her coal) and crossed out again yesterday at noon. Post Office Orders. — The time for taking out Post Office Orders has been extended at Taree from 3 p.m. to 4'~p.m. New Cottage. — Mrs. Williams is having a new wooden cottage erected in Victoria -street) next to Mr. Wrigley s, opposite the Church of England Parish-room. Mr. D. Wynter has the contract in hand) and is pushing on well with the work. Messes. Cornell akd Co.'s New Store. — Mr. J. Tonkin is rapidly completing Messrs. Connell and Co.'s new store, in Victoria-street, and it is a splendid building. Prior to removing into it, Messrs. Connell and Co. announce in our advertise ment columns a clearing-out sale of their present stock at very greatly reduced prices. Marriage. — The Hev. F. J. Bccmfln, (some years ago Cateclrist to the Rev. R. H. Phillips, of Taree), was united in tho holy bonds of matrimony to Miss Mabel S. Xjuseombc, of Muswcllbrook, on December 27th last, by His Lordship Dr. Green, Bishop of Grafton nnd Armidale. The Rev. F. J. Beeman is at present rector at South Woodburn. A Quick Tjzit. — A smart bicycle trip was per formed by Mr. Geo. Morris, junr., of Pampoolah, on Monday last. He left Krambach that morning for the Newcastle Grammar School, and arrived there on Tuesday morning in time for breakfast, feeling quite fresh. The Sunken Dredge Punt.— -Two divers and two fl.ttODdfi,llffl 9 TTlued nn fli n mvai' nn WadnAaiiow loot by the Coraki, to assist iu raising tho dredge punt, which sank last week opposite Croki. Valuable Faeming Peopeety. — The property at 'Pampoolah, lately under the management of Mr. McPhail, consisting of SS acres, and a c.p. adjoin ing of 14S acres, with comfortable dwolling-houso, barn, outhouses, and other improvements thereon, is advertised by Mr. C. Boyco to let by tender for a term of three years. The Patbioiic Fund. — We have boon requcstod to call attention to an advertisement in to-day's issue announcing entertainments to be given on the Show nights by the Orchestral and Choral Societies, in conjunction with Mr. D. Cowau, and assisted by lady and gentleman amateurs. Professor Pedersen is conducting the musical portion of the programme on both evenings, and Mr. Cowan will deliver a short lecture On 'Rudyard Kipling' on the first evening. The second ovening will ho devoted entirely to vocal and instrumental music. The proceeds arc to be do nated to the Patriotic Fund, and it is hoped that large audiences will bo present to show their appreci ation of the movement, and help ' the homes that Tommy's left behind him.' Professor Pedersen is as usual working hard at the rehearsals, which is a sufficient guarantee that the programmes to be sub mitted each evening will be musical treats. Crowded Out. — Lower Manning correspondence, report of lecture, &c.; The Sydney Steamee.— The s.s. Coraki arrived at Taree on Wednesday morning, and went up to Wingliam in the afternoon, returning to Taree o n Thursday morning. She left for Sydney at 4 o'clock yesterday mornhig, and orossed out at 10.30 a.m. She is timed to leave Sydney at 2 p.m. to day, and to take her departure again from Tarco for tevaney at 8 o clock on Monday morning. The s.s. Manning will leave Wingliam at 4 a.m. on Monday, with passengers and cargo for the Coraki, which will leave Sydney again for the Manning on Tues day. Ciiuech of England.— Ruri- Decanal meetings have been convened by the Rev. R. H. Phillips, Rural Dean, for Wednesday afternoon next, at Tinonee, to take into consideration tho stato of the Diocesan funds. Further particulars will be found in an advertisement in this issue. Keambach v. Peabls. — A very exciting cricket match was played between the above clubs at Kram bach on January 20tb, the scores of which have been received too late for insertion. Krambacb, in their first innings, made 48 runs— (I. lias ton 1 1, being tho only one to reach double figures. In their second innings Krambach compiled 75 runs— T. Lambert making 26, W. Lambert 14, and G. Easton 12. The Pearls, in their first innings scored 43— F. Wallis 12, and A. Fcnning (not out) 12, batting well— and in their second innings knocked up 75, S, Weller (not out) 27, and W- Wallis, 14, being the principal scorers, The game was kept up until 7 p.m., when Krambaph won by 5 runs. A Visitoe. — The Rev. J. P. O'Farrcll arrived from Sydney by the steamer Coraki last Wednesday week on a few days' visit to the river, and while hero stayed at the Presbytery, Taree, as the guest of the Rev. J , Foley. He returned to Sydney by the Coraki on Thursday. Cutting the Steeet Tubes,— Some of tlw trees leading to the Tareo Post Qffice have again boen ' trimmed,' on account of their growing too close to the telegraph wires. The tree in front of Mrs. Dug dale's store has had to bo extensively lopped. Retuened Home.— Mr. A. W. CaBtla returned home from Sydney by the Coraki on Wednesday last. Music at the Hosfital.— 1 The orchestra, under the conduetorship of Mr. H. Bennett, will play a number of selections at tho M. R. D. Hospital at 4 o'clook on Sunday afternoon. Amoncat the ra'nnoR to be played aro a number of nory ones, Telegraph Lines Inteeeutted. — On Wednesday morning the telegraph lines near Dungog wcro interrupted by the bush fires raging in the vicinity of that town — and telegrams for some time had to be transmitted via Kempsey and Armidale. Later in the day, however, diroct communication was re stored. Faemebs' Co -opeeative Co.— At a largo meeting of shareholders in the Farmers' Co-operativo Com pany, held at Kiama on Tuesday last, it was dooided to voluntarily wind up the company. Tho meeting then decided to accept an offer from Mr. W. M'MiUau to organise a new farmers' company. Death at Coopeenoox.— Mr. M'Donald, senr., father of Mr. Andrew McDonald, of Cooper nook, died on Thursday night, at the ago of 89 years. He had been in good health up to Sunday last, when he was attacked with inijammq tion of tho lnngs. Since the death of his wife, some years ago, ho had boen living with his son at Cooper nook. Tho funeral took plaoe yesterday afternoon, when the Rev. W. Tassio conducted the service. Mr. M'Donald showed wonderful physical and men tal activity for his years. Only a few days ago he mentioned his recollection of the return of his unolo from the Battle of Waterloo in 1815. Pbesbyteeian Chuboh of N. S. W. — The Rev. W. Tassie will preach at Taree to-morrow at 7.30 p.m., when his subject will bo 'The Living Saori fioe.' The rev. gentleman will also preaoh at Cundletown at 1 1, and Jones' Island at 3. Dr. Hornabeook. — Mrs. Newton, of Coopernook, has reoeived a letter from the Rev. C. S. Hornabrook, in which he refers to his brother (Dr. Hornabrook), who is in the Transvaal— and who recently bravely distinguished himself on the battle-field, and was at a subsequent engagement wounded and reported to have been killed. A cable was sent by the Rev. Mr. Hornabrook to a friend of his brother in Durban to ascertain particulars, and after a deal of trouble a heliographic message was got through to Ladysmith, and an answer received from Dr. Hornabrook saying that he was not seriously hurt. This will be plea- sant news to those of our readers who have watched his gallant career. Wingham School of Aets. — The usual half yearly meeting, appointed to bo held last Wednesday, was postponed for a week owing to the absence of the. Secretary (Mr. W. Western), whoso bicycle un fortunately hod broken down, preventing his arrival in time. SfltOLAWtc. — Ml. C. Wright left the Three Superior Public School on Wednesday last to take charge of the Harrington Public School, Mr. U, J. Street, D.A., the teacher, having volunteered for service in the Transvaal. Miw Kmmio Armstrong, of the Three Superior Public School, has been ap pointed pupil teacher at Goopcroook. Mr. Whateon lias arrived from the Clarence, with his wife, aud taken charge of the Gliinni Ghinui Public School. Oit to the I'UANevAAL.— Tlio following persons in this district havo offered themselves for service in the Transvaal, in addition to those already named : — Messrs. S. Martiuand D. Latitnorc, Upper Maiming ; Mr. Ted. Crittenden, Chatham ; Mr. Loo, Uashor, Taree ; Mr. O. Convcry, Cundletown ; and Mr. C. J. Street, Harrington. Mr. Herbert Odgcn, late of Taree, has boen in camp ior six weeks for tho Bush men's Corps, and lias boon passed liy the doctor. The KmtrsEY P.M.-smr. — Mr. W. Burton Smith, P.M. of Kempsey, is to act as a relieving Police Magistrate. The Hon. E. A. T. Tory will havo 0 salary of £400 a year at Kempsey, as against £350 at Tareo — and will be relieved of the duties of OP.R. Tin wilt linwAvni*. liAvn the duties of Coroner added to those of P.M. Wae Telegrams. — The rumour that we had a hand in stopping certain war telegams from being received in town, at press rates, is absolutely false. Ooubt House at Coopeenoox.— Tenders are in invited, up to the 2Gth instant, for the erection of a brick Court House and Lockup at Coopernook. Nabiac J. C. Races. — Mr. J. Glecson, Hon. Sec retary of the Nabiao J. C. Races, publishes the club's programme for Saturday, the 24th instant, in an other oolnmn. The management is in tho hands of well-known local residents, and the day's meeting promises to be a very successful one. There are six events, for prizes amonnting to over £40. The Weatheb. — The long continuance of dry weather in this district has assumed the proportions of a drought, and crops aud herbage are withoring in all directions. The crops are said to be past re covery, except in a very few instances in the late maize, while grass is dry and scarce everywhere. Kicked by a House. — Mr. E. Ladd, of Tareo, re ceived a nasty kick from a horse on Wednesday last. It seems that he was pushing the horse over, to get more room to shoe him, whon the animal kicked out, and caught him in the chest. Mr. Ladd wont -0 Dr. Gormley, to be oxamined, when it was found that he had only received a severe shock and some bruises. Tho doctor orderod him a few days' rest before re turning to his work. Luckily tho horse had no shoes on, or else a rib or so would probably have been broken. Haiedbessing, &c.; — Mr. L. J. Catt announces that lie has made special arrangements for tho show and race week at Ins establishment, Victoria-Btreet, Taree, so that customers may depend upon having every comfort and not be kept waiting. Death at Dumabbsque Island. — We regret to re port the death of Mr. George DaviB' infant son, one day old, on Thursday last, at Dumarcsque Island. P. M.'sCouets. — Tho Hon. E. A. T. Pery, P.M,, left Taree on Thursday morning last to bold court at Kew yesterday. On his way home ho will sit in the court at Coopernook to-day — Saturday. Teip to New Zealand.— Mr. W. Wynter, of Taree, left by the s.s, Coraki yesterday cu route to New Zealand. He intends going to the hot springs for the good of his health. ' Mr. and Mrs. Wylic Breckonridge, and Miss llreckenridge, of Failford, are also taking a pleasure-trip to New Zealand, Quabtebly Licensing Coubt. — This court will be hold at Tareo on Tuesday, April 3rd, at 11 a.m. Road Cqntbacts. — Mr. F. M. Baker, Road Superintendent, iqvitps tenders, up to noon on Monday, the 12th instant, for a number of road con tracts throughout this district. A Ghost ! — As a gentleman from the Woolla was riding along the Sidcbottom road on Wednesday night last, he saw what he thought to bo a ghost. He declares that he got a groat scare for a few miunvcs, uiii.ii wia guosi spoxo, wnen 11 turned out to be one of our local painters, dressed in whito, carrying a ' kuocked-up biko' on bis shoulders. Death of Mes. Geo. Vivian. — Wo regret to re port the somewhat sudden death of Mrs. Geo. Vivian, wife of Mr. Geo. Vivian, piano tunncr, late of Tareo, on Monday, tho 22nd instant, at Grafton. The cause of death was peritonitis. Mrs. Vivian was on a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Parsonage, also formerly of Taree, at the time of her death, which was a great blow to her husband, who has our sympathy. Mrs. Vivian has left a family of two children, Passengees, &c.;, foe Sydney. — The following passengers were booked for Sydney by the Coraki when she left Taree yesterday morning : — Misses Hardiman, L. Baker, B. Wynter, M. ltowe, and M'Donell ; five Sisters of Mercy : Mesdamos T. Dawson, Wilson, and D. Brieu ; Messrs. E. Crittenden, Myers, W. Wynter, Probert, Jos. Abbott, Thos. Dawson, H. Jackson, Robinson, A. B. Keary, Geo. Fotheringham, O. J. Stroot, Leo. Ussher, aud C. Gordon ; aud Rev. J. P. O'Farroll. The steamer's cargo on loaving Taree was: — 1G00 bgs maize, 130 bxs butter, 50 cps poultry, 80 es eggs, 105 bides, 4 csks tallow, 3 cs fish, 3000 ft. cedar, 1G bgs bark, 90 pigs, and sundrios. The s. s. Wyoming took away 90 largo girders, and 250 bags of maize. Death in the HosriTAL.— Miss Ada Sophie Rose, 12 years of ago, daughter of Mr. O. Rose, of Cooper nook, died in the M. R. D. Hospital on Wednesday morning last about 1 1 o'clock, from blood poisoning — from a wound at tlie root of the nose, probably caused by the bite of some insect. She was four weeks in the Hospital, and all that could possibly be devised by medical skill was done by I)r. Gormley. ?The bereaved parents have the genuine sympathy of a wide circle of friends. _ The Onio Minstrels. — By perusal of our adver tising columns, it will bo noticed that tho Ohio Minstrels, of Port Macquarie, aro to give an onter tainment in tho Lanrieton School of Arts, on Tues day night next, Feb. 6th. Every time they have yet shown iu the Port district, a crowded house has greeted them, and the show is said to he a first-class one. _ Tho proceeds are in aid of the N.S. W. Patriotic Fqud, and sqeh q dosprving and popular abject should seoure tho company a good house at Laurieton. The Woolla Roads. — The tender of Mr. Walter Vivian has been accepted by the Trustees, at £10 10s., for contract 2 on tho Woolla Woolla roads. _ Inspectoe Baxee. — This gentleman arrived in the district from Kempsey on Wednesday last, on a tour of inspection of the various police stations. Wesleyan Chuboh, Taeee. — The Rev, G, O. Percival's subject in the above ohuroh on Sunday (to-morrow) evening will be 'Tho Oneness of Christ with God, and its Light on the Doctrine of the Cross.' The Sacrament of the Lord's Supper will he administered at the close of tho service. The other services will be hold as per our Wednes day's service list. Influenza. — The siolc people In and about Wing ham are all recovering. It is expected that Mr. G. A, Oliapman and Mr. D. Campbell will Boon he all right again. Road at Haeeinoton.— It is proposed to rosumo various areas at Harrington — on the properties of Messrs. G.C.Willoooks, John Bolford, Jos. Andrews, and J. M. Kerkin — for road purposes. M. R. D. Hospital. — Mrs. Coombes, from the Ellenborough, was admitted on Wednesday ; Miss Rose, of Coopernook, died on Thursday morning ; Mrs. D. Cowan, of Mitchell's Island, wus discharged yesterday ; and Chas, Thos. Staploton, of Cundlo PiainB, was admitted yesterday. There are now 20 patients in tho institution. ? 