ALL Rilmrrri RESERVED.[ A THESPIAN DETECTIVE. BY BURFORD DELANNOY. C11APTEI, V111. The village police-station-and a deli cate piece of business to knowledge of the part it would play. " You are the sergeant on duty ? ' " Yes, sir." "1 am staying at the Towers." "Yes, air." " The Countess.has a little disagree ment with a man who is making a claim on her. He will be there this afternoon. SWe do not for a moment suppose that he will make any noise or behave violently or anything of that sort but he might. Oh-by thebye-do you speak French?" " No. sir." " Well, that does not matter." (It would have mattered very much if he had.) " What we want you to do, it to come up to the Towers--when will you be off duty ? " " I am of1 at two o'clock, sir." "Very good.. Could you and one of your constables, just come-quietly--up to the Towers . Of course,. you under stand this is not an official matter. I don't suppose we shall want you to do a single thing, except sit down to a good meal, and allow us to thank you ,for your trouble by means of a £5 note." .His eyes sparkled, and I went on. " You gentlemen in blue, you know. are such restrainers. Your mere prer sence will prevent a noise er blaster- which we are anxious to avoid., OanI, count on you ?" " Most :certainly, sir. I am. only too pleased to do anything for, the Earl or Countess." " Very good. Don't come the front, way.... Enter the house by the servant's "entrance, and I will tell the butler.to ,bring you to me. At 2,30." " At B.30,-sir, ' Andcpunctual :to. the minute, the butler told me thlat two uniformed men were waiting.l I had them.sehown, into, the blue room,,and ,then sent a ,message to-,Daudet;,w.ho owass,,strolling in the grounds. Would.he kindly step into- the blue room to see me for a moment.? triumph in his walk and a cigar its lis mouth., But he had not been,theresa minute .beforelthe ?nir,.of,triumph .van., ished and his face resembled-in, colour the ash of his cheroot, In Englis?lI Introduced my friends. " This, ' [saidd,.' is Sergeant Snell of, the local force. And this,'! pointing, " is constable Rose, By any other name," I added, in an pelort tolend an air of good, humour to the proceedings,,," he would: be as sweet ,. Rose,.justturn the.keyin. the door will you, there's a good. fellow, then we shlan't be disturbed." I then continued my speech in French, which neitherof the policemen.:,under7, stood,.: Translated,,I said: r " And l am,Richard Tozer, a name not altogether unknown-at Scotland- Yard, althoughfor purposes of my ewn, and,b? reason of my strong resemblance.o Rex., xFarr, the aotor, Ihave appeared to,you. in the guise.of, and.under, tlho name .of that, theatrical gentleman." SThere would have been very little risk in openly .aying thatI was a detective,, but I preferred putting@it that way., It was quite true that I was known at Scot. landYard... I was once concerned in fol lowing ;up .a clue, wrhiol the police ultimately took in hand, and..wdre, good enough to comnlimentmeover-but that. is another story.,. A guil ty conscience dotlhrnake'cowards of us all. Daudet glanced at us, and then gave a quick tookat the open,window.A 1 rcid its meaning. " Don't jump by,the window,'' I said, \- there are tEo plain.clothes men. there,, A blow on.this little whistle of mine- well,-it would look so bad forryou'to be brought back." * " What doesathis mean ?" S" it down and I will tell: you. Your cigaclhas gone out. CanL otfernyou one of mine ?. No . Very well,let u.get.tto. " Do you know,to whom-you, are talk-. ingP!! " M'yes". ." And you dare to-" " Because I knowyon, is why'I dare.l" " And you know ms-" i" Oh.by a variety of names. burely; no -eed -to 'catalogue, them ? - Alfred )idier one allas for instaoce,AdolfDaudet for another.' " That is a lie,l My, name., is,. Adolf, Daudet;, . " Simmer down, dearlboy. No nood to get excited. That'a' why -these police men.are here-in case:yon?,becama , too excited." " Excitement. flowean .I help: it,. You dare to aceusemne of:being-" I" Emile i)audet. - That'is" the extent of my daring.", He started. I hnad,.seeomed to him impossible that lhis. trickery could .bs discovered..- Even now. its impossiblity seemed str0oug.... S" You seem:in:doubt aboutqyour idei: tity," I ventured 0o remi?-kic maybe if you remove that grease piudnt, scar of yours, youl]l kno? 'youreeljtetter.'" Insietinctiyely is I halnd'wvent: to the mark on hisrface. Quickly'l I anid: " No.- Don't remove i1no:. Wesare talking in Frenlch, and sosfar the poicb don't quite understand,'thel I nterview, It's for you.to say f itisalto buiuauglicised for,thelir,lbeneft~! " Mvfaithlli l What'will nlmppen tlthent?: "Arrest. And alte, that a? long tterm. of improinsmenit, SPale to the lips, and yetlwith an. oflort to bravo it.out, hlosaid: " For.what P? .. " Several things. UCly!ielfrnitd, per-" eonatidn,forgery, andjblutokmalling. ' "Are you.mad P' , No,, But I slhall;buelin,to tlilnk tlhata you nre-If you blult:much, ;longer, when your common eneenuat ,tell you\that the lgamee Is tp.' " 3ai:l Vos- make me tred,' Do you think thalt I elshould talk as I am doing withlout proof. Sean hlre, your nuarriage cirtifllcto. St. Botolphls'. Uhurch, and youy,eorrooet; nrs e, Emile, set out.',' It almnost conlvinced him,,bl ulihegave ndespairing iklk, h'omeowlotftebyIhe I said, . ' 'lWhat witnesed have you P": - . " Your rIeal wltthi,'tldreinset' sile.ls inI: nhd oilning ieslunber, htliil It eotchli SMy God no," hesaid, hurriedly start ing to Ilis feet. That fetched him. He was evidently more afraid of Madame Hortense than I had thought. As a matter of fact I had not the ghost of an idea where that lady was. But he imagined I was speaking the honest truth. It is proverbial that honesty is the best policy. It is mere superstition. What humorist was it " Sit down. ram-. 6-r." . - - won't ask the lady in. if vou don't wish it, She's not, perhaps, hi the best of tempers just now." " And she has given ycu informa tion-" " Well, just enough you know to lay you by the heels, if neceesary." " What do you mean by necessary. I suppose I am to walk out of this room between these two men, ell ?" " That rests with yourself." " Explain." "Certainly. But do have a cigar such a tranquilliser, you know. No P Verywell. Now this is my meaning. So far these policemen know nothing. They, need never know." '! How-" " Write out a confession, promise to leave England to-night (I'll send your portmanteau to Uharing Cross to be called for)and I'll let you leave this room via the window a free man." " You will ?" ' On my honour as a gentleman." "You said just now that you were a policeman ?" " Did IF Well, aro the twothings irre concilable ? However, it will pay you to take my bare word for it." He satat the table, drew the blotting pad and paper towards him, and. lifting a pen said sullenly: " What do you wish me to write ?" Things so far had gone very smoothly. Dictatin, f said: " ' I, Emile Daudet confess that my brother Adolf died years ago, before the marriage of the Countess of Hawchester to the Earl. That by means of a painted scar and other deceptions. I passed my self otf to the Countess as the dead man .for the purpose of blackmailing her.' " "" Is that all ?" " Yes, I think that will do. Sign it... ...,.Done.so P Thanks.........M'yes. I think that will do. Iam a man of my word. There's the window. Pass out don't run-you'll perhaps prefer it to going through the hall, in case you meet-" " Yes, yes," he said hurriedly. ." I much-prefer it." " Very well then, quit. Good-bye." And he passed out. I rang the bell and asked Rose to unlock the door .at the " All ended in smoke, you see, ser geant. We did not want you after all. At the same time we are extremely obliged to you," At this moment the butlerentered the room,and I said, to him; " Thanks Jenkins for your atten tion, and now complete the obligation I am undr to you, by taking these two oflcers to your own dominions, and give them a good square meal." I After they had gone, after a profusion of thanks.I sat for a moment thinking, This would-be the happiest, day the .Countess-had spent for weeks.- And now in the nick of time the wholea thing had shaped itself straight, for the- Earl--was expected.home that night . i And.Sadie too. . Now.ý should be re leased from.tlheukeeping of. the.,secret which had sealed my lips.'. I could tell. the girl I loved all-or anyway sufficient for my purpose-and so clear myself ; in her-eyed.. And then-well the perform ance.was to. taket place-.the following night. I would.leave,.it .till .after. that, and then tell her all that was in my heart. ,, - - : - . . - " - . , The Countess,? All. you don't want. me to tellyou how shoeltook,tlie.news.. She sobbed Jn h~r joy,.oven as;, she,. had. sobbed in her,.grief.n She. would-. kiss. my hand again.and, again, and. declare. thatI ihad.avd herlifet,that I iadbeen her.preserver, that-but there. 1 toldqyou, I was a modest man,,so I need not,, cata-s logue all the good,thinga sih said about. m s,, * " ' " • It looked as if,:thlo dramtahad .really. come.to an end,,i But.thero..waa another, act of it. The Earl came home, .but.the, performince neeyr took place.., Within twenty-four hours ;.theuguetsi were,.all packing.and leaving., Thr, party.'brokei up.,, For, theAngel of iDeath, had visited tie hoouse.s,In the room on',.the ground. floor lay stretched out a. dead,,body,-a corpse, awaiting .the, ,attentiont, of,,-a coroner,and his jury., UHAPTER'tIX The Countess was,;ill in ,.bed.: The. excitement, had been too much for, her thu.tenslon ,too great,. Shie had a sliglht atiack of brain lever, but in a few.weeks,, Wa.sa boil tasa.wsI~l..j'..ac'i. 'UuhJneuw. thenonly, partly.,the otruth. Sho.l had, passed througl)hthishistory in somqwhat, sadaIshlon. .and now-towards the .end she passes out of it happily. i As to the dead.body-well, I had bet ter give.you Jenkins.own words an, they, appeared onthe depositions, taken:before. the,coroner., I! My name is Tames Jenkins,, I have been butler to the, Earl. of Hawoliester for-the,last,ten years. On the, night of thliolth inst. 1 had as usual, taken the. silverup into the saleroom.. and looked it up.., Thoe,sateis double doored. The inner door which encloses a compart ment, containing, thefamily jewels I have ho keymof, and.the.outer one I have in my possession. It is my duty to look the silver up every nieht. I didso.on thlie.nightsf thle15th.- then shut the wooden door which encloses. the iron. safe in a sort of cupboard. As I did so I set the ,electiic bell nttachment In order., No one could open the door then without setting,the bell in my room ringing. I sleop.. just beneath the safe. room. Thi ..was. about fifteen minutes after.:midnight.. I retired to rest about .a quarter of an hour, Inter. I think I was,.the. last. person in the house to go to.bed. I had been asleep just an hour when ,J. was, awakened by the electric bell'ringpig. Ilneapt out of bed, set the bellto alarm, .the stable-men and other seryants, and slipped into.my trousers. I guessed that.if thieves were at tlle safe they.,must, have entered from ,tileo. bal cony,. Bo hlautelilngup a gun t ran out by the sidy door and .round to tlihefront of. the-house. As .1 did so i saw.lihts, appearing in thie windows and knew that tlilealarm bll wasarouaingthel inmates. It .vldetilly.. alirmed, the thief. too, for. whcn. I reached, thel,front,he.was .just stepping over the balcony on to a ladder wlhieli Jie tad reared againstIt. I fired' one of the barrels of my gun.to let him know I was.armed..nnd at, irnt.,thought I had shot Ihim, for lie dropped from tilhe top'of theu.ldder, to the ground. ..But wlirn.we picked t.him no tllhere was not a sloitlnark on hlii. But Ih. waes dead. In the.'fTll lie lhad broken hIli neck. All enquiries liave been made, but no one In the distlict knows linl, He is a stranger here. le wa-t dressed in labouring mnai's clothes......Yes, one of the ser vants lhans mild that, she believed she eoonnesBd2aIfte i ni.m'oneeli.e hcIf rif. , guets, who llt somw aya ago,,,.,, i there is no truth in it. It is oprpos teroup, Ibecause that, gentleman, had a large sear..running across IhIs 'cheek, whereas there is not a mark on tile .de cased's face. There word eno papers on - the body to lead to idenUtfication. The jury returned, a. verdict ill accor: dance witll the evidence. The dead man lied disguised limsanlf In working man;s lolhia., HI-e was never recognised, and, Illodin tunalc'sa grave. I was. the only' »no il tihl licust wtho kntiw his name. 1 mover told, • ' - My love affair with Sadie P Ah yes, this story would not be complete with out winding that up would it ? Were it written with a strict regard for the te quirrements of fiction, the narrative would end up to tile joyous peal of wed ding bells, and tie marriace of the actor to the millionaire's daughter. But it doesn't. Alter the nani nl..ya-gir Trifli--r-.-e. going to'be hitehred. ainm tust ~reLtJ- rJ-Z.-- ... thi parental blessing on us, let's get back to Amurrykey, and have a real slap un wedding. Say, l'ouper, I guess that lias your appro." But she did not " say " that. Or anything like it. On the contrary. Women are extraordinary beings. (1 claim no originality for that opinion). I could have sworn that I saw love light in Sadie's eves on more than one occa sion. Did I ? I am afraid to say. Women are such enigmas. I have long given up even attempting to solve them. The Irvings left with some of the other guests. I stood in the doorway of the blue room--that fateful blue room as Sadie came downstairs, and as she passed I said to ier : " Miss Irving may I have a mothent's conversation with you ? " And she replied-and with a look in her eyes which should have warned me: " Why, certainly I " " And she passed into the room. I closed the door, and began to talk. I told her something of my real reason for being at the Towers. I am afraid that in my anxiety to appear clean in her eyes, I may have spoken of the services I had rendered the Countess, and her gratitude, Then I began to tell her something of tie feeling which she her self had inspired in me. She stood during the whole interview. I could not see her eyes, they were cast down. She was, with a silver button hook, fastening her long gloves. Per haps had I been able to read her eyes I might, have learnt sufficient to stay my tongue. But I did not proceed veiy far. She stopped me by an enquiry ; " Do owe you anything, Mr. Farr ?" I was puzzled as to her meaning. I could not fathom it. I suppose she saw this, for she went.oon :., "For those private lessons you gave. you know, or does.thel Countess pay you for them P Perhaps some tip is usual in these cases, if so- don't be squeamish let me know.' I flushed-I felt that I turned crim son. And then I saw that she was open ing her purse. I could not find the words iI should have used.. I felt so ashamed, Hastily I said ; " l.?h nh.h no nething." quire you know, trat. If there's one thing lowe you, it's a inet down., I took you fo 'an actor, and thinking, there, migitbe a spice of the gentlemain about you, I treated you as such. . When 1 die.-, covered your intercourse with the maid servants-you pay me a oor comoliment. if you, think I swallow.your trumped- up. cook-and-bull yam about tire Frenich man's wife-I found I had made a mis take. Your.econversation,h.erl sh6ows you to be a miserable adventurer. and hold inga poor.enoughiopinion of me to think that.you.could blind me. ' "By your. own confession you are no better thar.a dirty. little cad of a policeman, Open, that' door ud let me paassout." I opened it. She passed out. On .the other :sidu. of .the door stood,. smiling. the Countess of Abyrgole.. " Oh, there you are, Sadie, darling,', she said, gushingly. " I was looking fot, you everywhiere.. 'The .carriage,.is wait-. rIng, " was just saying .good-byu to our stage-manager, " Oh, yes, I lad forgotten that.'! She stretched out her hand, and. with a wicked look in her eye continued,",Good bye, Mr. Farr, and thank you so very very much for all the pains you took. I hope I, haven't occasioned you - very great trouble.".. SA'nd.I said good.bye. Was ,conmplled toshako herr haid... Even,w isihed that. si u,,,might have.a pleasant journey home.;. : Life is full of ironies, isn't it ? Caat irenies, som',of them. (The End.) 