The Ghost of Brigalow Bend. [Br WANDERER ] (Author of " Diamond Cut Diamond," " Vengeance in Mine," etc ) CHAPTER I. " I Bay, Tom, I want you to go out to Brigalow Bend. Tbe roan bull lias strayed away from his mob, and Chiisty says lie cut the beggar's tracks going in that direction. I'm sorry to have to send you to-day, but I cant help it. You're the only tnan on tbe run who can track the brute in that blind country, and lie's too valuable to loBe. Tbe boss gave £200 for him only last month. The speaker was George Dalrymple, manager o£ Violet Bank, a cott'e station on the head waters of the Dawson, on which I was overseer. 1 had just ridden up to the hut after a hrrd morning's work, and was looking forward to a insurious dip in the big water hole, followed by an afternoon's spell, for it was Christmas Eve, and all hands wero to knock off at dinner time. " BIGBS the bull!" I exclaimed (' blcBs' waBn't tbe word either), swinging myself from the saddle ; " It's a bit rough on a man to lose his Christmas dinner and all the sport afterwards over that beast. Why in blazes didn't Cbriety go after him himself ? Ho might have overtaken him if he'd only tried." " He did run the tracks till they led into that patch of rough country beyond the Box Flat, where ho lost them alto gether. You know Christy's not a star at that game. I'm certain you'll find the bull somewhere about the Bend. Ilfcamped there on the way up, and tried his best to break away with some scrubbers that sneaked up during the night. At all events he's gone in that direction, as I said before, and he mu6t be found, Christ in as or no Christmas. I wouldn't send you if I could help it, but who else is there? All that country round the Bend would puzzle a black fellow since tbr Brigalow got a start on it, and when it comes to tracking you're the man for the job. You can sleep in the old hot to-night if yon go straight to tho Bend ; that is, if you're not afraid. I think I've heard you •ay you don t believe in ghosts ?" " Not I!" I replied. " I might Lave been scared of old Lanty in tbe flesh, but I don't tiiink his spirit can hurt me, even if it does ' walk.' I've never seen a ghost either, nor do I believe any man who says he has." Dalrymple looked at me curiously for a moment, and then s&id; : " Perhaps you're right, but—well, nevtr mind. I wee going to say something, but I'il wait till yon come back. You'd better make start as soon as you've had some dinner, and perhaps you may pick tbe bull up before snndown. If not, yon can go on to the Bend." Of conrse, I bad to obey orders, so, with a hearty malediction on imported cattle in general, and the roan bull in particular, I departed to saddle a fresh horse, and roll up my blankets, so as to be prepared for a possible absence of t«o or three days Then there was a supply of ' tucker' to be procured. I sighed as I thought of the feast onr cook was making ready for next day's dinner. As I could only carry some bread and meat I would be out of all the good things, aB well as the subsequent festivities. "My word I" exclaimed tbe cook, when I invaded the kitchen and explained my errand, "that's a bit o' bad luck, right enough. Tell you what, though, you shan't go without a bit o' my puddin', after all. It's been boilin' since daybreak, eo it'll be fit to eat by this time. I'll taki it ont o'the pot an* cut ye off a hunk ; then, if you take a four-quart billy with you you'll be able to warm it up, or you can griddle it on the coals. How'll tbat do, eh ?•' " Firetrate Doctor," I replied (" Doctor" is bush slang for a good cook, Poisoner" for a bad one). " I'll be camping in that old hnt at the Bend to-night, most likely, so I'll want something extra tasty to keep my courage up." The cook stared open mouthed. " Surely you're nevtr goin' to camp in that infernal shanty !" he gasped. "Why not?" said I, laughing heartily at his aw< stricken expression, " I don't take any stock in old women's tales about ghosts or such-like rot. If a murder was committed there, what then ? Some swagman man ' suffering a recovery' happened along that way soon after the crime, I suppose, and mistook the ' little fellows' who were chasing him for tbe murdered man's ghost. I'm surprised to find men so superstitious in these enlightened days, 'pon my soul I em!' " I've beard a lot of 'em talk like you, 1 ' replied the cook, shaking his head solemnly, "but they all changed their tune sftcr they'd tried sleepin' in that hut. D'ye mean to say a good buildiug' like it, in such a bandy position, too, 'd be allowed to stand empty if there wasn't somethin' uncanny about it ? No bally fear! You ask the boss. He'll tell you he wouldn't camp there for a years screw. You're only a new band about these parts, • -ad' don't know how many's boon scared pretty nigh out of tbrir seven senses by old Lanty's ghost. You'll Bing another eong when you come back, I'll bet a dollar!" " I'd like to bet you a sovereign," said I, " that neither Lanty's nor any other man's ghOBt can frighten me out of a house if I want to stop is it. I intended to camp out to night— it'B pleosanter far in tbe open air than nnder a roof this weather— but now I mean to sleep in that wonderful lint, justforspite. Butlmustn'tdawdlehere any longer; I've got thirty odd miles to ride. Give me that duff, and make your mind essy about Lanty. By all account* he's gone to a place whero the climate's so hot that he'd perish if ho attempted to show his nose hack here." The Doctor cnt off my share of plum pudding and wrapped it up in a beg, grumbling to himself the while about ' boys who fancy they know more'n men old enough to bo their fathers.' " If the ghost dots come, Doctor," said I, weighing the parcel in my hand, " I'll just bash him in the forehead with this, and I'll guarantee it'll 'lay' him effectually." Then, dodging a rolling-pin and sundry other handy ote&sils;, I beat a retreat towards my horee, followed by snch a gust of profanity &s; convinced me that our worthy "dough-banger" Lad served his apprenticeship to bullockdriving. At tbe time of which I write—a year in tbe ecrly seventies—there was no liner cattle country in Australia than on the Dawson. Fairly open, splendidly grassed and watered, and comparatively e&By; of access, it was indeed a paradise for tbe herds that roamed over its wide plains, or sought a noonday shelter in its cool forest glades. But even tben the deadly brigalow had begun to lay its grip upon the land. Slowly at first, then by leaps and bounds, as its seedlings became more widely scattered, the useless scrub overspread plain and forest alike, telling no uncertain tale, to those who watched its almost miraculous growth, of abandoned homesteads, starving cattle, and ruined owners. In no part of tbe world—and I have wandered in many lands—have I seen Buch an alteration in tho appearcnce and prosperity of a district as has taken place witbin tbe past 25 or 30 years on the Dawson. For scores and scores of miles where I can remember wide rolling downB, with here and there a shady islet of timber, tbe country is over-run with brigalow scrub, so dense toat neither man aor beast cap penetrate it. Nothing live? there save, perhaps, an occasional kangaroo rat. Where thousands of cattle found herbage so luxuriant that it grew rank in epile of their cropping, there is now not one 6icglo blade of grass ; for the brigalow is mcrciless—nought else in the shape of betb cr plant may grow beside it. Some day, perchance, a plan may be devised for ridding tho earth of this scourge; at present it mocks man's puny effortp, and, if cut down cr grubbed up, bursts with the next rain into fresh and vigorous existence, 20 young trees springing up where one has been destroyed. As I jogged northwards on this Christmas Eve, however, the extinction of both cattle aoj fquatter troubled tne not n whit ; indeed, had I known for certain that one of the former—the roan bull, to wit—was about to " peg out' I would have rejoiced exceedingly. I bad not been long on the station, having but lately returned from a trip with an exploring party in Central Australia, and I had boen looking forward to having a real gcod timu at Christmas. The inon on Violet B.ink from the manager down were a very decent lot, and they had " sproad" themselves in making preparations for the festive season. It was really too bad ! Instead of enjoying a good dinner, with a sing-song, Gr, perhaps, a " buck" dance to follow, I would bo stuck by myself in a dtserted hut, with nothing to enliven me but a prospect of a visit from old Lanty's wraith. True, I had brought a bottlo of #bisky, out of a case provided by Dalrymple, but what was that? I was too young to find any pleasure in drinking "Jack Stnith'ers," and I could scarcely expect the ghost to join me. Ue would be " spiritual" enough already ! The frequent mention of Lanty's nam 6 recalled to my mind tho story of his tragic end. The tale, as told to me, ran thus :— Some 10 years earlier the hut to which I was now proceeding was tenanted by an old eliepherd — the run waa under sheep at the time—whose violent temper, and readiness in using the sheath-knife be always carried, had earned bioi a most unenviable reputation in tbe district. Lanty Moore, as he called himself, was a typical " old hand,'' body and soul-scarred by his experiences at Port Arthur and other penal settlements ; a drunken old wretch when he had the chance; quarrelsome and blasphemous at all limes. No hut- keeper could live with him, and he would speedily have been sacked but for his undoubted skill in tbe management of his flock. No other shepherd on the river lost a& few sheep, or kept bis charges in such good condition, therefore Lanty's employer bore with his vagaries as best he could, sending him out one hut-keeper after another as fast as tbe old villain drove them away. At last, however, be met i;is nrntch. On coming home one evening with -bis flock he found a new mate installed in his but, which was built ou a bend of the river where one of the first patches of brigalow began to spread. Htnse the name— Brigalow Bend. The new arrival was a youngish man, who rtjoiced in tbe sobriquet of " Slim Jim," quiet and inoffensive to all outward appearance, but witb a lurking " devil" in his long, narrow black eyes, which betokened an exceedingly stormy time for whosoever might wake him up. He, too, made but a short stay, but hiB departure was due to somewhat difrcrtnt circumstances from these which had caused bis predecessors to make themselves scarce. The very morning after his arrival Lanty began to give him a taste of his quality. Ho found fault with the damper, swore the mutton was rotten, and tbe tea, " Not fit to flush a sewer in bell!" Slim Jim listened for a few moments in silence, and then drawled out:— " I've heered tell o' you, my joker ! an' I kin see as I was told no lieB. There's only one way o' dealin' wi' your sort. Come outside, an' take yer shirt off ! " Lenty glared in speechless astonishment* Who was this whipper-snapper who dared to beard him thus ? Then tbe torrent of bis wrath burst it's bounds, and he sprang at his challenger, grinding out a blister- ing stream of profanity between his clenched teeth. Smash I Slim Jim's right caught him square between the eyes, and Lsnty staggered back against the rough slab wall, half dezed by the blow. The next instant he recovered, and, whipping out bis sheath knife, agiin rushed to the attack, his eyes Ted with the lust of battle, his face blotched and mottled with passion. Quick &s; thought Slim Jim snatched up a heavy iron bar which did duty as a poker, and, spripging lightly aside to avoid tbe murderous thrust aimed at his heart, brought Lis weapon down with all hie might on the shepherd's unprotected head. No skull, however thick or tough, could withstand such a blow, and Lanty fell forward without a groan, bespattering floor, table, end wail with blood and brains. Then the victor coolly rolled up his Bwag and made his way to the head station, where he recounted to an awestricken circle of listeners the particulars of the fight, just as I haye set them down lure. The manager, knowing Lanty's insatiable appetite for rows at ail times and eesspas, believed Slitn Jim's story, and, holding that the latter had not committed murder, but, rather, justifiable homicide, advised him to make tracks before the police got wind of the affair. At first Jim talkod of givjpg himself up, and seeiug the thing through, but Anally took the manager's advice and departed j^ithojjt best of drum. Soon after ho bad disappeared pjen began to whisper that his story was false, that he had known Lanty before, and had followed him to this out of tho way place for no good purpose; that, instead of killing the old man in fair fight, be had taken him unawarc-s and brained him as he lay asleep. Certain indications in the hut .pointed to the probability of this hypothesis, but by tho time suspicion of foul pley had hardened into something like certainty the murderer had vanished, nor could a trace cf hiqj be fonnd in the district. Eventually the in.atter was hushed up, and Linty laid to re6t ia a grave not far irom the hut he had occupied so long. But he would not rest—at leaBt so report said. The next shepherd who took possession of the hut remained there only one night, turning up at the head station in the morning with a gruesome tale of how Lanty's ghost came and stood over his bed at midnight, brandishing a spectral knife in his shadowy hand, and using such language as left no doubt in the rudely-awakened sleeper's mind as to the identity of hie unearthly visitor. This man's story wis received with derision and another sent to take his place, but he, too, was back at the homestead before dawn, ia a state of seini-collapse, and scarcely able to statutner forth an entire corroboration of bis mate's assertions. Then tho manager himself, with a forti- tude born of superior education and incredulity, undertook to cxorcise the evil spirit. What he saw or heard no one ever knew ,• but, certain it is, nothing short of actual force could induce him to crosB the theahold of tbat hut again. There it had stood ever since, untenanted save by birds and creeping things, its sturdy walls and bark roof showing but few traces of the ravages of time. Twice or thrice, when passing that way, I had peeped in at the half-open door, and pictured to myself the sanguinary struggle which had ended so fatally, until in imagination I could 6ee Lsnty 8 massive form prone npon the earthern floor, while over him Btooped the murderer, leaning on Ms bar, gazing with stony caluinrss on his awful handiwork. A vivid imagination isa^ne thing—sometimes. Sometimes it isn t. Although J bad! laughed to scorn the idea of Lanty's shade threatening to s'if, m?n'6 weasand6 with a diaphanous whittle and, as a matter of fact, did not believe it possible for a disembodied spirit to revisit the scenes of its former joys and sorrows; still, I would never have dreamed of camping in a place which my imagination had turned into such a " chamber of horrors," had it not been for the doubt as to my courage impliel by the manager's suggestion. Now, however, it was necessary for me to act up to my reputation as a disbeliever, or else back down and acknowledge myself scared by the shadow of a shadow. Rather would I face a thousand glosts ! Huving como to this heroic determination, I shook up my horse and cantercd steadily on towards the Box Flat, across which the bull was said to have passed. On reaching the Flat I picked up his tracks without much difficulty, and ran them three or four miles until they led into the rough, broken country spoken of by D&lrymple.; To follow them hore required EIOW, patient work, so, as they headed almost due north, I determined to leave them, push on to tho but, and make an eerly start next morning. (To be continued) 