Sir,— It is a pleasure to me to know that Mr. Nicholson considers me an entertain ing controversialist. I have no objection to continue the entertainment, especially as ce nas practically undertaken to "pav the piper." But I had to rub my eves and exclaim, with Bret Harte: "Is things what they seem, or is visions about V' when I found one oi the leaders of an anti-gam bling crusade betting a pound to nothing that his pamphlet contains no "misleading quotations." Certainly, the amount is not iuSoectly large to warrant his impeach ment as a "plunger," bat that may arise from circumstances similar to those of Mrs John Gflpin, of whom it was stated that -though she was on pleasure bent, she had a frugal mimL -Y5 I ant anxious to get hold of Jlr. Nicholsons stake as soon as possible, I will proceed to point out some oi his mis leading quotations. I shall begin with that trom Carurr.tl M iseman. whicn appears on pane 2 of the "Open Letter." Your readers will be best aole to judge of the justice of my indictment when the passage is put be fore them as it appears in the oricin.il c I teres on the Church, 3rd edition, lecture 1 pp. IS and 19):— " "Y'ou may also read similar works on the other side, purporting to give the grounds ijpon which individuals have abandoned the Carbolic Church and become members of soiue Protestant communion. ... It has been thought useful to throw them, in a cheap lorm, among the public, and par ticularly among the lower orders," that thev may see examples of conversion from the Catholic religion. Xow, I have read such ol these as have fallen in my way, and have noted that, instead of the rich" variety of motives which have brought learned "men to the CathoHe Church, there is a sad meazreness of reasoning in them: indeed that they all, without exception,' zive me one argument. (The history in everv case is simply this — that the individual, by some chance or other, probably through the mmi- ivy ot some pious person, became po«- fessor oi the Word of God— the Bible: that ae perused this book; that he could not imd. m it transubstantiation or auricular couiession; timt he could not discover in it one word of purgatory or of venerating image;. He perhaps zoes to the priest, and t,-"? he cannot find thee doctrine in the Bible. His priest argues with him. and endeavors to convince him that he should shut up the book that is lea dine him astray; he perseveres, he abandons the communion ot the Church of Rome OT. as it is miTITnnnl, 1' vhe errors ot that church, and comes a Protestant.) Xow. throuzh all this process, the man was a Protestant; irqm the bezmnusg, he started with the principle that whatever is not in that book cannot be tree religion — and that is Me PSSjP'? £ Protestantism." Will it be believed that Mr. Xicholson FHac£?d A.poraon in parentheses, and held Carmna! Wiseman responsible for opinions that he reprobates as the produc tion ot writers of anti-Cathoh"c tracts ; For ?.?. !_n7-rcMl:S??- the quotation by saying. Cardinal \\\ iseman has the resoonsibilitr t giFipg to the world a clear statement © j how Roman Catholics become Protectants through Scripture reading." And his com ment on the passage is-;-" As tbe Church ot home nolds it to be inexpedient ior a Romanist to read the Bible, except under Priestly direction, because he will not "and' the characteristic dogmas of his church there, it is not surprising she is readv to "strenuously oppose" the" Scriptures being read in State schools." To refer to the above as a "misleading quotation ' is to make use of a euphemism. Xo public man, least ot all a clergyman, should lay himself open to the imputation ot such gross carelessness (to "use no stronger word) as that of which Mr. Xichol- son is proved to have been guilty. The next quotation of the" "Opm Letter" S-kH au5t itngeaeh is that in which Bishop Ryan, of Philadelphia, is made to say— "The church tolerates heretics where she is obliged to do so, but she hates then with a deadly hatred, and uses all her powers to annibilaie them. Our enemies suow hoty she treated _ heretics in the Middle Ages, and how she treats them to- day where she has the power. We no more think of denying these historic facts than we do of blaming the Holy Ghost and the princes oi the church for what they though; tit to do." The quotation is copied frcn "Our Day,"" June. IS92, pace 123. I have beiore me, as I write, a cablegram iron Archbishop Ryan, dated 25th September, 1899, in reply to a letter which was sent to the Archbishop " with Mr. Xkholson's pamphlet. The cablegram reads:— "Ex tract forgery.— Ryan." 1 have also beiore me a letter -which followed the telegram, bearing Urn date 2Sth .September. 139. and deaiing with the same letter. He writes:— "I sent the cablegram relating to the pas sage quoted, which I never wrote, spoke, or thought. It has been repeatedlv contra dicted. not only by newspapers, bat th touch the associated press, for the last 45 years!" In a postscript he adds: — "I have never heard or _ 'Our Day." and can nnd no one who has."' That "Our Day" can have no connection with reputable journalism is evident irom its ignoring tbe disclaimers of 40 years. In view of the above exposures I shall be glad to receive a cheque "ior £'2 from Mr. Xicholson, which he "will be so good as to send to the subjoined address, and for which he will receive a receipt in due course. If he would only continue writ ing after this reckless fashion, while still offering a bonus oi £1 for everv mistake detected, we might be able to afford to do without any Government subsidy. In his letter of Saturday he" gives the combined Catholic and Anglican "vote, at the educational referendum in South Aus tralia, as S3S3. Xow there were two ques tions put to the South Australian voters- one as to the advisability oi continuing the present system; the other as to the advis ability of giving a capitation grant to de nominational schools. The tonner ques tion was decided in the affirmative, the latter in the negative. But the figures were:— Question I. 50,62! -and 34/532 : ques tion 2. 41.331 and 13.167.- "Where Mr. Xicholson got the figures S360 I can't S3v. Further, he was disingenuous enough to contrast SioC with the general population of 350.0<X>, instead of with the votes actually polled on the opposite side. Are there in South Aus tralia 34,332 people "unpatrioticaHv hos tile" to the national system? Mr. Xichol son's reflection on the patriotism of the Catholic clergy is simply playing to the gal lery. And he knows it. Only the gallery will take anv notice of it. When Mr. Xicholson declares that "allegiance is given by the Catholics to a foreign Italian pontiff, in preference to the constitution of the Australian Commonwealth." he forgets the respect he owes to his cloth. Gladstone constantly regretted tie slur that he cast on Catholic lovalty in his "Vaticanism. Probably the "old "tracts from which Mr. Xicholson makes his quotations were pub lished before 1S70. My fable concerning the Public Breakfast Act has done its work- Mr. Xicholson can say nothing better in reply than that it the State breakfast doesn't suit we can go elsewhere and buy one. He is unable to see that the State has no right to create a monopoly in the way of free breakfasts, and then provide fare of which the princi pal feature is objectionable to a large see tion of the people. At any rate, we hold that the knowledge of God is the highest of all knowledge, and the imparting of that knowledge the principal scope of all equ- cation vyorthy ot the name. I still sav that it is untrue to assert that the Catholics seek exceptional privileges lor themselves. Mr. Xicholson should candid ly accept our disclaimer. " I again deny that the Catholic clergy and laity are not solid on the education policy. Yhcy Krt'»C UatlTUU OJUtf lUUkCU towards the support of their own schools, while contributing their proper proportion towards the support of the State schools. This is a fact, and cannot be met by general statements. It is too much for our serious ness to see Mr. Nicholson, in the role_ ot Don Quixote de la Mancha. going in /oil tilt against a windmill, all the while thuu» ing tfiat he is rescuing from the paws ot the clerical cere the fair Iadye of lav Catholic- , ism. "Nobody asked you. sir." she said. The answer to my objection re the per mission given to a Catholic priest to teach Catholicism in a Mate school is lame ana impotent. My argument is one ad hominem. I was answering those who coniended that a capitation grant to Catholic, schools would be equivalent to a State endowment oi Catholicism. It was a legitimate retort that, if so. the State subsidised Catholicism at present in giving the use of a school, built out of the pubHe funds, for a denomin- ational purpose. It doesn t rescue .ur. holson trom his difficulty to ay that tne State does the same for every o\"er de" nomination. For that is only another way of saving the State recognises the denomin ational principle when it serves its pup pose. And if it can give a building direetiy and ostensibly for what it knows to be a sectarian purpose, why can it not give a grant ior secular pronciencyr im> tion is still unanswered. Awaiting witn in terest Air. Nicholson's reply — ana "is envquv, m!j. o-reilly, cm. Malvern, 1st September. , , . P.S. — I see bv your issue ot to-dar 'IfY Mr. Xicholson 'is "again in difficulties witn a quotation, and is ranked with i bookmakers. How are the mrnhtly taJen. This explains the bet.— M. J- 0 K. (As this correspondence bears J1," mistakable evidence of having 545L- iiself, it must now be closed.— Ed. e."J CATHOLIC EDUCATION POLICY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AGE. 