MY SILVER JUBILEE. (Copyright.) ' BY . LADY GILBERT. Author of 'Banshee Cnstle,' ' Holty Grey,*' '* FourLittloMischiefs,' 'Giun- ? i netta,' &c..; &c.; I wafl not at that tiino partner in the big establishment of Silver, Smith, and Co., but, having mado iny character as a careful custodian of their valuables, I flattered my ? self thnt tho clovefOBt swindler in London 'would havo to givo it up if he were to try to play tricks on mo. It was about noon on a bright day in tho height of the season, whon'aclorgymun of particularly gentlemanly ilrnuu i»iiiw- unft.lv into our shop, and closed our swing door with a lightness of touch significant rather of re finement than of levity. I thought, as ho approachcd tho counter, that I had novee seen a more dignified mem ber of the Church establishment. Ho had the typo of fncu that suggests tho cultured leisure of tho cathedral close.. So typical was he, that I felt almost sure 1 had met him before, and swiftly ran over in my mind the few occasions on which I had hovered round oiroles which would naturally bo graced by such a presence. His black clothiug was aa soft oq silk, his hand* were spotless, the hat he woro was perfect in its expression of a modesty which refrained from making claim for tho entire reverence due to tho. wider brim of nn archbishop. ' I wish,' ho said, with a slight wave of tho hand towards tho glittering glass cases bohind me, ' to see some handsome articles of silver for the use of tho table. In fact, I . am in search of a wedding present for my daughter. She has already been overwhelmed with porsonnl ornaments, and one ha-rdly knows what to solect.' ' He put up his gold rimmed oyc-glass, nn eye-glass so clerical that it seemed as though it had never been used before for any pur pose but reading the Bible, and stared mildly up and down the shelves on which jugs, tea-urns, candelabra, and all such para phernalia in the most costly workmanship, wore displayed. I promptly unlocked the 'doors and drew forth tho treasures, and ranged thorn on the counter in front of him. It was soon evident that he possessed an ex quisite taste, for all tho urLiclen of more heavy and florid design wero waved aside by him with a shudder of disapproval, while he hovered over tho more delicately-constructed vessels with a deprecatory smile of satis faction, whioh seemed to say that, in as far as hits ascetic calling would permit, he waa pleased with these trifles, which were so manifestly of the frivolities and vanities of this lower world. t As ho discoursed about the merits and do merits of tho various article , in low, per suasive tones that suggested tho pulpit, a carved and cushioned pulpit dominating a silken-rustling audience, I found myself gradually coming under the spell of a singu lar fascination. Never had I met with a customer so intimately acquainted with, and so curiously well-informed on the subjects conncctcd with that part of my busin'.Ks ? which was after my own heart. I had al ways had a taste for the more imaginative sido of the metal-irking art, and had oven made somo deigns myself which had been thought to. be uilhcr successful. When my clerical customer murmured the name of Benvenuto Cellini almost as of one he had known and loved, iny blood was stirred, and I gavo myself up to the enjoyment of one of the most delightful conversations I had ever encaged in. Having paid a hurried visit to Italy myself, it whs yet new to mo to hear minute and technical descriptions of tho antique treasures to be found in, for instance, tho Florentine museums or the Vatican. From theBo ho Hittcd lightly to the posses sion of art of this kind contained inEngland, even in unsuspected quartors, as far as the general public is concomod. ?' I myself have in my hands (as a sacred deposit of trust, of course)/' lie said, 44 somo of the most exquisite specimens of Church vessels. Popish relics, no doubt, but still estimable from an historic point of view, as well ns intrinsically valuable in an extraord inary degree— a chalice, candlesticks used on tho private altar of tho great Thomas a* Beckett. If you should bo travelling at any time in my part of the country I should be most happy to show you these curiosities.*' Somo words he let fall later on led ine to the conclusion that he was Archdeacon somebody and my curiosity as to his identity * wan considerably aroused. However, up to this point he gnvo me no information about himself, having all the time tho manner of a man who was everywhere known, and who expected to bo everywhere rccogniacd. I eoncealcd the fact that 1 did not'recogniso him, and hung on his words with the open admiration to which he was evidently aceus touted, though ho accepted it witlr an air of inodest deprecation. ?' But this will not help mo through my business in London,' he said suddeuly, pull ing himself up. 44 I am in town ouly for tho day, and havo many things to do. It has been quite a temptation to 'talk to a man who is acquainted with these matters of rare aud ancient art. I must really make my selec : tion, however, and tear myself away ? ' Then came the business of choice, in which I am , bound to say, ho showed himself a ' mastof. Ho made a collection of the most dainty and elegant, as well as the most, costly articles in our establishment. ' You will say I am extravagant,' lie said, with a smile. 44 Providence has endowed mo with almost too large a share of wealth—not altogether «s revenue from tho Church, but a good deal as putriinony.In self-defence, I may add that I do not always squander it in this . veryworldlyand vain-glorious mauner. But when ono- lias an only daughter arid she is ' leaving one. also making an alliance with a noble house, well, one feels that one must not make her ashamed of her father.' ' My memory involuntarily made nn effort to assure mo whether or not I had seen tho announcement of the approaching mnrringo . of a nobleman with the' daughter of an Arch ' dcacon, but' I was tillable to give attention to tho subject, and merely reflected that very few brides havo ever received a prfettior gift of silver Worn ;a generous father, than tho lady for'wliibm thisVglitteriug collection had betfii made.' * ' . 44 Wow,' ho said,- when all uas done, 44 1 havo some, other places to go, and I shall call *? bftuk iii ah'' hour for my purchases. 1 shall . pay cash at once, and F shall ask you to have \- tho change 'of a bank-note for £500; the articles tfome to £250,1 think yon said. Quite right, yes, I shall bring' the note* from tho bank—Bank of England. It Will bo more' satisfactory than a cheque.' ' ? 1 murmured professions of my unlimited confidence in this delightful representative ^ if I intiy say it, of both God and Mammon. ' ^However difficult it may bo to servo two inasteiv, hero was one who had learnt how to doit. Hut thought could bo no more than ' fleeting and fragmentary in company so ab sorbing and so fascinating. 'As toy customer Joft tho shop I again admired tho elegnnco of his 'Hguro/the dignity of his hearing, tho sevwro perfection of his clerical habiliments. I went to work to havo the silver article -? packed, and wob occupied during the wholo of tho proscribed hour in fitting them neatly into * very largo box and enveloping them in olouds of safety-ensuring material. . Punctual to time tho purchaser returned. I saw him alight from a hansom and stand for a moment making somo urbane remark to tho cabby, who Bceined unwontcdly well pleased with his faro, and I advanced to wards tho door to rcceivo him with suitable emprcBsemont. I retired behind tho counter to cotint the notes and gold, amounting to £250, which I had provided as ohango for tho note for £500, which had been duly deposited in. my hand. While doing so, prudence urged me strongly to ascertain tfmt tho noto was a goriuino ooo before parting with tho money of tho lirm, yet it was with a twinge of remorso for tho disloyalty of tho suspicion that I despatched a trusted messenger to my bank with a lino in writing asking to be 'satisfied with tho honestv of tho note. I kept my customer ongaged in conversation until tho return of iny envoy, who brought me tho assurauco that I had confidently expected. Tho note was as good as any over issued by tho Bank of England. I counted tho two hundred and llfty pounds in notes and gold1 into his hand, and, at his request, sent, a messenger for a cab to con vey him and the box of silver to tho rail* way station. IIo had dismissed tho han j som of course, as a four-wheeler was neces sary for tho accommodation of tho box. Wo wore standing in tho middle of tho shop, tho box was in waiting near tho door, and while we tulkcd I held the Bank of England note open iff my hands. My clerical customer's parting words were as interesting as all the j rest that had fallen from his lips, and I was I really rather regretful when the sound of a cab stopping at the door announced that my intercourse with him was at an end. 44 I will givo you my card,' wero his faro* j well words, presenting it to me, 44 Arch . dcacon Sutherland, Venerable-Bede Hall, ? shire, and if you should over caro to ' see those interesting curios— tho old chalice. in particular, is worth a visit ? ' j The entrance of a policeman cut short the Beutcnco. For somo moments it was not apparent to me that tho advent of this per ' son had any connection with the presence of ' tho Archdeacon, even though I saw the big ' man in uniform walk up to my custoincr and fixupouhis amiablo countenance a solemn stare, which might easily be the result of tho J magnetic power of the latter in compelling admiration. Not until the policeman stretched out a mighty arm and planted a rude hand familiarly on tho Archdeacon's shoulder, saying, 44 You're tho mrfn I want,' did I understand what the intruder meant. Then, glancing rapidly backward over tho entire transaction in which this worthy clergy I man had played a part, and with a re assur ing look at the bank noto in my hand, I felt indignantly confident that this was a case of mistaken identity, j 'I've got you this time,' tho policeman went on. ' and a nicc dance you've led mo. What's he been up to here V' turning to mo with the contempt of a man who is obliged [ to suspect everybody for ono who has been j too easily taken in. I ' You make a mistake— an unpardonablo mistake,' I began. 44 This gentleman who has completed a most satisfactory purchase . is Archdeacon ? ' ! 'Oh, I know,' said the policeman quietly. 44 So he's been doing tho clcrical, has ho ? Last time he was an army colonel ; time be fore that it was a h'American millionaire. Must say the clergy line is exceedingly bo comiti' to him. Might as well have reached up to a Bishopric when ho was about it. The whole list of 'em would be hard set to find a match for him in tho lookin' of the part.' I glanced from this vulgar servant of the law totlie calm countcnaucc of the venerable accused, who seemed to disdain all attempt at self-defence, only murmured as he turned his eves upon me and elevated his brows : ?4 It is quite too absolutely ridiculous ! Tho man must be intoxicated ? ' 44 This person, sir,' said the policeman, ! 44 is ono of tho most notorious swindlers wo'vo got in Europe. There isn't a city that he hasn't grabbed in. An eel is afool to him ?in the way he has of slippin' through tho lingers of the force.' 44 At least ho has dono nothing wrong here,' 1 remonstrated. 41 He has made a handsome purchase, and paid for it on the spot.' , 14 Howdid ho pay you for it ?' I held up the note which was still in my hand. 44 Hum I Bank of England. 'Will you allow me to look at it ? Just as Ishould ' havo expectcd— a forgery 1' .? ' Impossible,' I declared. ' I havo just received tho assurance of tho Bank that the noto is a genuiuo one.' | The policeman smiled pityingly. I ' I know them brink gents,' ho said, as easily taken in as yourself,. sir, begging your pardon. . It takes a mail liko mo to detect tho . tricks of such as he.-') Let me tako another look ut tho note.' | lie took it from my hand and walked to tho closed glass door to examiuo it. After a full minuto ho returned and placed it iu my 1 hand. 14 Keep it, sir, and bo 'appy,' he said. ' If that's not a forgery I'll go to gaol myself for the mortal remains of my life.' . , I looked at the accused dignitary and saw that a change had now come over him. Ho glanced uneasily nt tho note, and turned green, and then white. . 44 Try to get him out of this, for God's sake,' he whispered to me, ' and let mo go I am no match for him. Givo ino back my note, and I will give you your change, and leave you your silver ? ' 41 Don't -be so frightened, sir,' I said; 44 have courage, aud all will bo well.' 44 Nothin' easier than to provo your inno conco before a inagistrato,' said tho police man. 44 But how about those other little matters that you have been wanted for? At all events there's a cab waitin' for you at the door, and you'll have to come along. Oh, you would, would you?' as the pDor Arch deacon struggled against the'disgrace of the handcuffs forced upon him. 44 I would rather act quietly in a respectable establishment, but 'I may as well toll you that there's a good many of tho force waitiu' outside for a whistle from me, and wo can lay you by the heels, and take you that way if you prefer it.' : ? Hearing I his my unfortunate customer sub sided in despair, and suffered himself to bo Ixindcuffed and conducted to tho cab. 44 Now, Hir,' said tho policeman to mo, 14 this is a big business, nnd you'ro a lucky man to liavo got no further iu it. You have this box of silver put in tho cab. I'm £din* to tako the prisoner before the magis tral lit once, and the silver must be pro duced, and you will havo to'nccompunyus to swear to your property. Oh,' it's i big box ! There won't bo room forull of us. You will have to follow us in a second cab, and you must bring the 'Bank of England noto with you. I ought to take possession of it with thii rest of the things in evidenco. but per haps you would be better satisfied to keep hold of it yourself. ' I Eotaud iny hat, gavo a few hurried in structions to my subordinates, and walked out of the' door just as a'seeond cub drove up, thnt which had been sent for before the arrival of tho policeman. After a few re; assuring words, spoken through tho window of tho first cab to my poor nrchdcacon, who was as pale as a ghost aud looked ready to weep, nnd with a satisfied look at tho box of silver, which tfas carefully stowed on fcho tleutby tho policeman, who kept his hand up* on it, I got into thosccond cab, givirig.orders to tho drivor to keep tho first cub in viow and to follow on it. closely. My reflections, as I was driving along, wero curiously mixed.. ? I was quite at ease with regard to tho proporty, fo,r,.jiot only was the silvor in ohargo of the police, but I held in my possession the archdeacon's Bank of England noto for £500. Tho £250 in tho archdeacon's pocket wero also in charge of tho police. There could bo no risk of loss to tho firm oven in case it should bo proved that mv fascinating archdeacon was indeed an unholy fraud. But I could not accept tho possibility of such a conclusion to this ad~ venture. As wo rattled thrpugh tho thoroughfares I put my head out of tho cab window from time to tiino to seo that wo wero folltftoing elosoly on tho other cab, and for a consider able time I had it well in viow. At last the leading vehicle got a good way ahead of as, and though I thought I could still sco it, I began to get a little uneasy. However, after another short interval my cabman pulled up, and assured mo over his shoulder that a block of traffic had got between him and tho cab ho was to follow, and that ho had quite lost sight j of it. 1 41 Never mind,' I said, and gavo him tho j address of tho magistrate's court; 'fthatiB i where we have to go. If you drive fast .now, you will overtake them.' - | After half-un-hour's further driviug 'wo j arrived at the court. I jumped out of tho cab, and gazed around me. There was no appearance of another cab, or of my friend tho archdeacon or of tho policeman. I thought that if thoy had arrived first, some one would havo been in waiting to direct me how to proceed, so coucluded that after all, wo had made tho better speed, I lingered about tho door for some time, and then I went in to mako enquiries. Nothing had over been heard there of tho persons I was in pursuit of, and I hastened to tell my story to the magistrate. ' On hearing tho case stated he immediately asked to see tho livo hundred pound noto. '4,I should cay that your policeman was right,' ho said, 44 and that the noto is a I fraud.' 44 But tho Bafilt ? ' 44 1 think you hod better tako it to the | Bank,' he suggested. I followed his advice, and the Bank pro nounced the note to be a forgery. I referred to tho information sent me only an hour'Ur so earlier as to thiB identical note. ' . r0' 'This is not the identical note,' ;was the reply. ' An exchange has been effected. ' . i ' But it never left my hand,' I protested, exscpt for about a minute while tho police man examined it.' )- Tho Bank oilicial looked grave. 44 It was a clever trick,' he said. 1 ' But tho policeman ? ' 44 Au accomplice without doubt. I never heard of a moro cunningly-devised swindle.' Years have passed siuee I lost sight of that roccding cab in a London thoroughfare, and no news of either Archdeacon or policeman has ever since reached mo. The affair was a great difficulty in my career, but I outlived the misfortuue. and can alford to speculate with good humour on the possibilities of the j case. I still remember the Archdeacon with i a kind of affection, and I never see the form 1 of a tall, dignified ecclesiastic enter our j place of business without a thrill of hatf i expectation that here is iny venerable friend returning to tell mo tho sequel of this talc, ! and to recount to me all he has suffered, j since I saw him, at the hands of that ingeni ous aud villainous ►robber— the pretended policeman. And at these moments I am fain to put out of mind the glaring fact that inquiries made throughout ? phiro had resulted in assuring mo of tho absolute non-existence of Archdeacon Sutherland, aud the Venerable Bede-Hall, his interesting residence. (Tho End.) 