A GHOST IN THE FENS. Some strange phenomena b*vo beeu start ling the district of tbe great Ito level of Hun tingdonshire aud Gacnbridge*Lirf\ It appeuri that in Tick I'm a Iiamsay magistrate boa a farm, at the extremity of which, f»r away from any other building, live a housekeeper named Uowthan, bia wifr, aud a bed-ridden daughter. The cottags ifl a typical fen shanty of wood and thatcb, and adjoining it is a similar tene mfrut occupied by the farm foreman* Levitt nod bid wife. Miss Rowthan, nbo in 18 year* of au'e. and has bten confined to her bed for nearly twelve months, slept in a room near tbe thatcb, ber bedstead resting against tbe gable end of tbe roof. At twelve o'clock one night gentle ruppiugRa^Hinst her bed wero beard, and as the walls ate wooden tbe noise was mare apparent. At first the sound came ia etqut-aces of three and four increasing to air and seven at a time, nud yrorriog louder as they pioceeded. Then they ceased tor h space, aud re-com menced mere vigorously, until they were ho»rd by tbe next door neighbours—according to one repott. at a farmbeuse 500 yards off. The mother aud father, at rest in the same room, were also alarmed, bufc for a time did eotbiug, thinking tbe manifestations would cutse. These iosttad increased, natii tbe " ghosts " became bo noisy as to almost threaten a terrific crash. Nothing was tu be teec, though it was clear and starlight, acd tbe disturbance con tinued to ring out across the fens. The rap piogn occurred at intervals until dawn" On tke following nigbt, though at . a diff<nnt time, a repetition of' the phenomena oc curred. Memvrtile the inmates, who h»d suffered the mysterious affair in Bilence, bad determined upon decisive action. Ou tbe tbird night tbe father, taking a loaded guu, went outside tbe building, but the ras pings agbiost tbe guble were renewed more vigorously than ever. Starch perties were organised, but ev*-rroGe remained baffl;:d. 2'be 1 countryside bsgan to talk, aud tvaicb parties 1 assembled in the oottuges until taoroiug, but th« pulsations continued whilst eyes neit Qif-d on the *ery spot on wfeicb tbe iuvmble olows were i ulrto. The landlord's e*tate bailiff, togi tter with u companion, kept vigil in the house trom midnight till three, tbe noises btin^ repeated i with tbe greatestfreedom. Hundred? of people have vijited the place,ana solicitors, merchants, asd others frtrn tbe &arrounding; district have made critical examination of the bouse, but without being able to give a plaun'ble reason for tbe mysterious sounds. 