CHAPTER V1L-FliJENDSIiir. Ou a chilly, murky. November afternoon, Mrs. ]lami'lton was toasting her toes before the lire in tli^ Palace Gate, where she lived, when Captain dough -was announced.- Sha started up with a little cry of pleased sur prise which her visitor-ouglU to have- found flattering: "At last! 1 was beginning to despair of you. Winit iiave you been about these hun tired years?" "'Well," he replied, "for these hundred (ia.v.s jjiiat-it is just about Unit length of time since we parted at lJuyreuth, isn't it": 1 have been mostly shooting. My record is much too monotonous to interest, anybody; but I should like to hear yours. What have you been doing meanwhile?"' '"You might," returned Mrs. Hamilton, resinning her seat, "'have had (Jie curiosity to ask that question by post. Perhaps yoii don t realise what a dangerous thing it is to" break off a course of Marienbad treat ment before it is half finished." "I may not have realised all the dangers of the situation; but 1 owe you no apology, considering that you refused me all the in formation as to your movements. How ever, 'let me repeat my question, now that you are here and 1 am lierc. What have you been doing?" "Oil, very little worthy of mention, lie covering, 1 suppose." "Hoth of you?" Hamilton sighed, laughed, and nod ded. "Yes, both ot us, J am thankful (u say. At least, 1 quite hope and believe so. I>«t-we ? wore terribly- near a catastrophe, weren't we?" "I don't know. We certainly seemed to be within measurable distance of an event catastrophic or otherwise, according to the point of view. I can't say that, from my point of view, there is anything to take ex exception to in Otto von Kahlenburg." "Oh, -Jack, don't be so exasperating! It ?stands to reason that you must have taken exception to Jiin>; though 1 daresay you may not have disliked him as much as 1 did. Anyhow, we have done with the man fur jxuod and all now, J trust." "H'ni1 And Miss Daphne?" /'Nile lius <li.yiii.-i.sed him from her mind. You know-or probaibly you don't know - how easily girls take fancies and get rid of tiiew." "Some girls, no doubt; but is slicrtol InnV sort?'' "'There is only one sort," Mrs. Hamilton boldly declared. "In finitely varied, of course, like a packet of mixed seed, but the same in essentials. 'Daphne's distinctive peculiarity^ for instance, is her mania for music-she* has cone out to take a violin lesson now, by-the-wav. Well, 1 suppose he understood that, and took measures ac cordingly. Hut from the moment that she had left him and Bayreuth 'behind her !" "She proved her resemblance to the rest of the species by forgetting till about hint ? You are not too complimentary to your only child." "All 1 said was that, like other girls, she is liable, to take fancies which come to no thing. Would you really have preferred to hear that this one had come to some thing?" "No since you ask me, I shouldn't. Only 1 don't feel as convinced about the matter as you profess to be.J' Jlrs. Hamilton did her best to convince hiin-not wholly in vain. To be sure, lie had seeii .Daphne's eyes. He had noted a subtle change in her voice, reserved for Yon Kahlenburg, and he knew what ho knew; yet the fact remained that she had obeyed orders and had turned her back upon her Austrian admirer without a pro test. Would she have proved so docilc if she had been anything like seriously en amoured of that ardent buL casual preten dant? His estimate of Miss Daphne'a character warranted a negative reply. Then, too. it was consoling and encouraging to hear tnat she had frequently wondered whether he was going to be in London at all that winter. Equally consoling and encouraging to Mrs. Hamilton was the information which she elicited that Captain Olough intended to bs in London off and on for some time to come. This satisfied her that he must have "other intentions of a nature to com mand her warmest sympathy, and although they were' neither of tbcm so indiscreet as to become jnore explicit, they understood - one another pretty well before their chat came to ai) end. Each, at all events, under stood very well wlia+ the ot,i\er wonted, and -would, {(..possible, bring' to. pass. But there are. things .which cannot^ with the best; will hi. the" world, be brought to pass. Mad .Tnek Clough not been .aware of that already lie would have been made aware of it a few minutes, after he had emerged into the raw outer air by his en-, counter with a young lady carrying a violin case, who joyfully recognised and accosted him. For if her joy at beholding him was unfeigned and avowed she lost no time in lettiug him know how little excuse was thereby afforded him for personal vanity or selflcongratuiation. He had not) been talking to ner for two minutes before she iuthles?ly cut short his hesitating common places by enquiring "What became -of yr/u and-and your friend after that Parsifal evening?" The .short-pause which preceded the refe -reuce to his friend was significant as was also the smile-perceptible even in that un certain light-with which she received his answer of- ' "Oh, we tore our hair and went our re spective ways. What else could we do? My way, as you see, hus ended by landing ma in Palace-gate. It is upon the cards. I- Bap pose, that Von Kahlenburg's may have same goal, for he is no stranger in London. "So 4ie told me/' observed Daphne; add ing, after a moment of silence-^ 'It is eucli a pity tliat .mother can't bear him." "Does that matter?" "Yes; because if. by any chamce, he should come to Loadoi andshoaldfiitd out our address . " "As he undoubtedly "will.' "l)o you think so? Well, then he will jufit as updoubtedly .be Ifcold that we are not at home. And I shall be sorry for that, because I myself like him extremply. You also like him very much, don't you? "As much or as little as you please. The extent of mv liking for him depends, I believe, entirely upon the extent of yours. Daphne laughed. "Well," she said, pre sently, "it would be good-na'tufed of you-' "To -tell him how extremely you like him?" - , "Thait would be unnecessary, I hope; we got on bo well toge'ther, he and I. But you might, if the occasion should arise, tell liim that I ajn really sorry to seem so lUde' . 1 XI r,» "You are going to seem rude, tlien.' "1 am afraid we must. Mother lias taken him en grippe-for some reason which I raii'it- guess. Can you?'' Jack shook his head-disappointing her a little, lie fancied, by his inability to throw any light upon ho strange a phenomenon. Khe put a few more questions to him. They were questions which anybody who had been unaccountably deprived of a pleasant acquaintance might have been expected to ask, and they did not in 'the least prove tha.' she was breaking her heart for the va nished Otto; yet if she had been heart tiro'ken, she would, scarccly have proclaimed the circumstance, nor did it follow from her light manner that she was not a good deal more interested than she chose 'to ap pear. filie took, at any rate, no sort of interest iu an old friend, save such as at tached to him in his capacity of a connect ing-link with a new one. Jack soon satisf ied himself of that hastening fact, lormed iris own conclusions, and ceased 'to enlarge upon personal topics which had secured thi sympathetic attention of her mother. Mu:h Daphne cared wh<yner he was -succeeding ar failing in his new part of a country gen tleman!-much she cared whether he ntoad :ir not for the vacant Parliamentary divi-. fion which he had been invited to con'test! VYith regard to her own life and occupa tion-!. .she manifested a similar oft-hand iinenncern. "Oli, there's nothing to tell," she said; ''we jog ]jlacidly along. My one daily !'vent jui-t now is a fiddle lesson from a iva-ler who lives on the north side of the ;<a:k, and who gives himself such airs that li-i pupils have to go to him, since he Aiin't be at the pains of coming to them." Then she politely hoped that she might ..-on see Captain Clough again, and so re ?iinied her march, leaving him with the :iiipvessioii that he had scarcely fulfilled ?.In! expectations which had evoked her cor , i;l greeting. Of course there was not i! o ghost of a shadow of a hope!-there u \<r had been, nor ever would bs any. It 1 v remained to call a hansom and drive hack to St. James's - place, where Otto out Knhlcniburg must by this time be 5m jutiently awaiting the return of a friendly i-mNsary. l'"or Otto von Kahlenburg was in London. It was, indeed, in some measure because he was in London that Jack Clough was now occupying the 8t. James's pied-a-terre, which was the symbol of sufficient means and occasional obligatory touch with the metropolis. His young friend had invoked his aid, rather as a matter of right than as a favour, and lie had responded to the ap ptal-not very unwillingly, it is true. On reaching his rooms, ho found, as he had an ticipated. that Otto was already in posses Mi'ji, and the latter, throwing the end of a . -ig.'ir into the fire, started up, with peremp tory demands. "Well? .You have been, there9-you Inve -??CM liicin? What did they say.'" "I have beeii there and 1 have wen . '/...s.vJ the '.'"cr liiaii^Viju^iuseu.';' replied. "They didn't say much." "Ycui iold them that 1 was in England?" "No; 1 thought it better not to tell them that. If. I had done so, they would have said more, no doubt; but they said enough \--.Mrs. Hamilton did, at least-to convince me that discretion was advisable. To speak plainly, my dear fellow, Mrs. Hamilton iloes not love you." "Do J ask Mrs. Hamilton to love me?" "Probably not: yet I presume that you a si; her, or will soon ask her, to receive yon. And the fact is that, as at present ailvi-eil, she will see you hanged first!" "She said that!" "Well, she gave me to understand as -i;!i." "And Daphne?" "Oh, Miss Hamilton was apologetic in a 'vaiiee. Whether she guessed that you ve i- already in this country or not I can't ;ay: but she evidently expected that you would put in an appearance before long, i.ii'l she was anxious that you should know !imuch she regretted her mother's de It'i initiation to slam the door of their house in your face." Von Kahlenburg laughed good liuinoured !y. "jMy dear Clough, -you will never allow her to treat me in that way." "How the deuce am I to prevent her? And if it comes to that, wliv the deuce should ] ?" "Why?-because you are my friend, of rourse. As for how-well, 1 think that if vou and Daphne are on luy side, means will lie found, iiy-the-way, you must have con trived to see Daphne alone, or she could not have spoken to you as vou said she did.'^ "Yes, 1 had a private interview with her, but not as i.he result of any contrivance on my part. 1 happened, after leaving Pa lace Gate, to meet her on her way home from her music lesson. She has a violiu ina.s:er on 'the other side of the Park, whom .she honours with a visit every afternoon, just now, it seems." The young man rubbed his hands glee fully. "Aha! every afternoon? That is capital! Then I know whom she will meet to-morrow afternoon." "Oh, naturally. But look here, Otto-I l ave a conscience, and although you are kind enough Ito call me your 'friend, I am -also Mrs. Hamilton's friend,1 you Uni t remember. I ought no't to lend myself to -suhemes which n\ay end disastrously for her and her daughter. Iu a word, 'your uncle's authorisation becomes important, Have you asked hiim for it?" "His authorisation? No; I have no'l ask ed him for that-how could I? It would not be customary. In our country we are a great deal more formal about such mat tei-s than you are, and to request my uncle's consent to my marriage would be as much as requesting him to place himself in com munication. with Mrs. Hamilton at once, Which would make her test-usably angry, I am afraid." "There seems to be some ground for fear ing that jt might," observed .Clough drily. "At the same time, your subterfuge doesn't deceive me. If you have said nothing formal to vour uneie, you have certainly eaid something informal, and your guilty jook shows that he was not pleased." "I do not'believe," answered Oount von Kahlenburg's heir-presumptive, evasively, ''.that it would be jtosaible to please him with anything short of a princely alliance; but lie ia a slave to beauty, Mid Daphne will win his. heart easily -enough when the time comes. Meanwhile, nobody wants you.to lend youjcseSf to disastrous ech'em'es,. AH you have to do; my good friend, until yxra receive further instructions from me, is to do nothing at all." "Oh, that's all, ib it? I like your 'further instructions!'- Weil, perhaps you had-better see Miss Hamilton: you will iwidenWy man age to see her, whetdier it is better for you to do so or not. But take notice, please, that I reserve to mysdf complete future <3iberty of action." 