THE EVANGELICAL COUNCIL. A letter that has occasioned a considerable sensation appeared in the papers last week. It is from the Revs. Dill-Mucky, Ebenezer . Price and F. Colwell,' and represents resolu tions passed 011 Thursday by the Evangelical Council aB follows — 1\. That this council notes that at the open ing of St. Mary's Roman Catholic Cathedral ou Sunday, his Excellency, the Governor at tended in his official capacity as representative of her Majesty the Queen, and was accom panied by their Excellencies the Governors of Queensland and New Guinea, who also at tended in official coatume and st^lc. The council also notes that his Worship the Mayor and other official personages are also reported to have been present in their official capacities. 2\. That on that occasion, and in the pre sence of his Excellency, the appointed preacher (Dr. Redwood) is reported to have said : 'The leaders and founders of Protestantism, Luther, Calvin, Zwingliu8, etc., were notorioua for ? their vices.' .... ' Protestantiam co vered Europe with blood and ruins in the sixteenth century, and has ever since been the helper and instrument of the worst foes of Christianity. It. desecrated the home, it pol luted the nuptial bed, it lowered the dignity of womanhood, it devastated the school, and stopped the progress of science.' . . . 'In fine, neither Protestants nor Greek schis matics have 'shown that the action of the Holy Ghost is with them. Their ministers have 110 lawful mission, and they cannot say that they hove been sent by Jeaus Christ.' . . . . ' Have they (the Protestuut denomi nations) any of the marks of the true Church unity, sanctity, cutholicity and apostolicity ? Surely not.' 3\. The council notes that, so far as is re ported, these words were listened to without protest by her Majesty's representatives. It ? regards these statements as a direct calumny on her Majesty as the most illustrious member of the Anglican Church, to which the preacher speuially referred, und on all her subjects of the Protestant fuith ; und in listening to them without protest his Excellency and other pub lic officials present were mode to appear to be parties to an attack upon the faith held by ner Majesty and an overwhelming majority of her English-speaking subjects. 4\. The council regards the statements madp with reference to the pollution of the nuptial .bed and the desecration of the home as an implication of personal immorality on the part of members of the Protestant communions. The council, therefore, feels strongly that by his action on the occasion his Excellency per mitted, and was made to appear to sanction an act of dishonor to her Majesty and her co religionists in these realtna; and therefore desires to express in the most public way its disapproval and reprohatlon of the same. 5\. The council would ulso point out that by her Majesty's outh her Majesty's attendance at tho Mass is precluded, and it is, therefore, a matter of surprise that her representative in Netfr South Wales should have done that which her Majesty herself is by oath diaallowed from doing. The following lettc'r appeared in Saturday's Telegraph: — Sir, — In your issue of to-day there is a protest of the Evangelical Union against certain remarks reported to have been uttered last Sunday by the preacher at St. Mary's. I was present on the occasion, and in a position to hear every word of that sermon. I beg to state, iu the moat public manner, that the slanders of the Protestant faith and people quoted wero not uttered from the pulpit by the preacher, and formed no part of the scr-. man as delivered. I am permitted by the Chief Justice, Sir Frederick Durley, Mr. Le Hunte, Governor of British New'Guinea, and Air. Critchelt Walker, the Principal Under Secretary, to state that they confirm my re collection, and that they aro us positive us I am that the gross attack on tho Protestants alluded to formed no part of the sermon. I should havo felt it my duty to protest uguinst being invited to u religious corcmony disfigured by utteruuees ao grossly offensive to the Pro testant community. — Yours, &e.;, G. H. Reid. 