A GOSSIP ABOUT JOHJN* CHINA-] MAN. ? * ? John Onnaman is neither quite tJie rogue represented in Bret Harte's poem, 'The Heathen Chinee,'' nor altogether the simpleton pictured in Lumb's im mortal ''Dissertation Gn Roast Pig.' He is the world's donkey. He can be led ; he will not be driven. As in the case of Gordon, he will, after proving him, honor a great man whatever liis nation ality, .due to western ideas joiins uie is devoted to fraud. He believes, and always has believed, that he sees with two eyes, and that the 'foreign devil' sees with only one. We wear black for mourning or for our boots; he uses white. We care for the living, he cares for the dead. With nun the place of honor is on the left hand. He doffs his hat as a sign of disrespect. His roses have no fragrance. His womenfolk wear no petticoats and do no shopping. If lie is happy enough to escape from the poverty and drudgery which form the rule of life in the Flowery Land, his table is the measure of his riches. His Legal code is formed on the supposition tzhafc fraud is universal. Trial by this code is synonymous with torture. It is not novel to find a governor who has been exiled for his misdeeds recalled and promoted because bis successor ' has eclipsed him in rascality. From those near the throne to those in tike hovel the practice is to give bribes to all above, and to exact them from those below.' Government goods are sometimes a year in. transit, the officials in charge being more anxious to levy fees for alleged ob struction than to expedite the Imperial business. And yet, during the time the East India Company traded with China, there was no record of money beina: lost through the fraud or failure of a native merchant, though large sums had to be handed to Chinamen for the purchase of tea in the interior of the country, where the foreigner was not permitted to go. John's simplicity is exemplified in the fact that during the China-Japan war he put up umbrellas to protect him from the enemy's shells. One writer, describ ing the capture of Aanoy by tiie British in 18il, says the officials prepared a bat tery of 200 guns along the shore. Sail ing vessels would have had to run the gauntlet of their fire. Admir.al Parker, however, had his sailing vessels towed up to the town at a safe distance. The town was taken with the loss of one man, while the natives lost 50. The Chinese general declared such practices were! without precedent. When Sir EL Gough ' landed a mountain battery, and from a j neighboring hill attacked the Chinese j gunners from the rear, the officials, who had never dreamt of guns being fired down a hill, sent off hurried de spatches informing the emperor of the treacherous impropriety of the 'bar- barians.' Until the East India Company ceased to exist we knew little of the interior of China. This was as difficult to pene trate as Tibet is to-day. But during the past half-century or so travellers' tales have accumulated to a surprising extent. And we find as a result that their tea cup and willow-plate representations of themselves are among the most truthful things about the Celestials. They are an ancient people. Their civilisation dates from the days before Athens and Rome. But they were content for tbe most part to be governed by laws that are thousands of years behind the time, and which even Kublai Khan, as we know that famous emperor through the pages of Marco Polo, could see the weakness of. The Empire of China to day covers about one-twelfth part of the world's surface, or something like 4,250,000 square miles. Its 400,000,000 of inhabitants are, for the most part, still pursuing their arts and industries with the primitive tools, methods, and ideas of 2,000 years ago. Their belief in their own superiority is only equalled by their disdain, of the foreigner. It is only within recent years that the Im perial will consented to recognise tie emissaries of other Powers in any other than a subjective sense. The Emperor is still in theory ''the Son of Heaven, the Emperor of all who inhabit the earth, the lord of all lords.' When the first steamer touched their shores the Chinese of Canton and Macao evinced no sur prise. They said, 'Have got plenty all same inside' — Le., in the interior of their country. John is poor, as poor as the poorest in tbe west of Ireland or the Northern Hebrides used to be. He and his family and live-stock, the pig being an important asset, exist together in wretched hovels. But he works ratiher than begs for his living ; and his women folk work, too. A Oiicese woman is expected when young to obey her father and her eldest brother; when married, her husband; when a widow, her eldest son. She' gives no orders. There is a Chinese proverb which says, 'Women and children are clothes'' — to be had when wanted, to be cast off as desired. But in the language, the symbol for 'rest' and 'quiet*' is that for 'woman under the domestic roof.' Married sons are compelled to live under their parents' roof, where tiieir wives are subject to the rule of a mother- in-law or of an elder sister-in-law. With, his poverty may be compared John China man's callous view of the value of human life. This callousness seems to be even more contemptuous than that met 'with in India. And yet the Chinese dread the name of death. When one has died he has been 'killed.' In Fuhkien, ?which in some respects is the most pro mising part of China, to mention death to a native is to render him an insult, especially at the opening of the year. The dreaded -word is evaded wherever possible. John is much of a devil- worshipper. What is called the 'worship of ances tors' is a complicated system for laying ! the spirits of tie departed. It is the common belief that if the ghosts are not worshipped and fed they wreak ven geance on the 'living. The worship being the province of the son facilitates divorce and polygamy, but is not with out certain redeeming features. It has been computed that the public 'worship of ancestors' costs the empire £6,000, 000 per annum, and the private worship £24,000,000. In Chinese society the scholar is re garded as next to the emperor; then comes the farmer, and after him the me chanic and the trader. The amusement or decorative caterer comes last in the scale, in accordance with the saying that 'the man who pays highly for a song will not give much for virtue.' Scholar ship, however, is scarcely such as vre should designate by that name. But Chinese literature is not destitute of fancy. For instance, there is an old Chinese romance of which Voltaire made use, and -which has many renderings, but one moraL A doctor of Reason, meditating among the tombs, observed a young- widow fanning- one of them. Seeing her in tears, tlie philosopher ask ed the cause. She replied, 'You see e widow at the tomb of her husband. He was most dear to me. He loved me with tenderness. Afflicted with the idea of parting, bis last words were, 'My dearest wife, should you ever think of marrying again, I conjure you to wait at least un til the plaster of my tomb be entirely dry.' Now,' said she, 'as the -walls are still damp, X thought I would help them to- get dry.' The philosopher told his adventure to his own young and beauti ful wife, who declared that should he die before her she would never marry again. The philosopher puts her to the test by gfrprnmrnjT death, and finds her constancy no greater than that of the woman he had met amongst the tombs. She, being discovered, commits suicide, and he re solves never to take another wife. In 1887 the Marquis Tseng, then Am bassador to Great Britain, wrote in one ofjthe reviews of the 'awakening of China's millions to a consciousness of their strength.' In 1893 the late Dr. Pearson, who had seen in California and in Australia the calm and dogged per severance of the Chinese, their tolerance of climatic extremes, and iheir bodily vigor on a scant and often repellant diet, published his famous 'forecast' of Chi nese industrial competition confining theEuropean races to the temperate zones. Almost concurrently with Dr. Pearson's 'forecast' appeared the German Em peror's cartoon bidding the nations of Europe to defend their holiest posses sions against China. The Taeping re bellion, -which Gordon, working against native as -well as British War Office pre judices, succeeded in quelling, was start ed by a fanatic schoolmaster, who, chag rined at his failure to achieve power by passing the literary examinations, took upon himself the role of a new Moham med, and, preaching Christianity, prac tised the most awful crimes, and wound up by committing suicide. -The Boxers, on the other hand, are the avowed enemies of both Christianity and all 'foreign devils.' How bitter tbe feeling against the foreigner is in that part of China is which we are told our future in terest lies is shown by Mrs. Bishop in her recent book, 'The Yang-tse Valley and Beyond.' She was surrounded by a mob, stoned, and for 12 months suffered from the effects of concussion of the brain. She got no satisfaction from the authorities. After all, John Chinaman, from his childhood onward, nurtures a shrewd idea of business or 'pidgin,' as he calls it. And that his hatred for the 'foreign devils' (or 'foreign spirits,' as some render -die phrase) Is not unmitigated by a regard for his own. pecuniary wel fare is proved by the fact that (to men tion one section of his 'pidgin' alone) the value of the trade of China with the British Empire in 1899 is returned at no less a figure than £43,084,000. 