Ghost of Hawksley Letters. Can . a ghost bo "laid"? ' Luavtug that general question . unanswered, it really looks as if tho-ghostof the Hawkeley letters cuunot ho so dealt- with. Before 'the lato Parliament was dissolved Mr. Chamberlain said in the House of Commons that there were no such letters ; and that, therefore, they could not he produced. During the late election campaign Mr. Philip Stanhope/who is supposed to know something ahout the letters, made a certain statement concerning tliem. He said that Mr. Chamberlain had "white washed" Mr. Rhodes at tlio bidding of a member who threatened to read compromising letters connected with tho Jameson raid ; to which Mr. Cliambcriain replied by saying that it was " a characteristic untruth." Mr. Stuuhopo rejoined in these .wordB : "Sir, —A telegram from you, read to-night at your meeting, describes a statement of mine fts 'a characteristic untruth.' Without stooping to qualify the vulgarity of your language, I have now the honour to forinally state to you that I am prepared to substantiate in a court of .law every statement I have mode con cerning you. — Yours,, Philip Stanhope." Following upon the above, Mr. Hawksley has made a statement. He said_that " he knew no ground for believing that when Mr. Cbumborlaiti made bis speech in the House of Commons in July, 1897, 1 tho right hon. geutlcman had any reason to suppose that, whether he said what was .or was not agree able to those who might be dosoribed as re presenting Mr. Rhodes's interests, he made those observations under any apprehension of a threat us to what would ocour regarding his statements. It would not be fair to say thatnobody know more than ho (the speaker) did with regard to the occurrences at the end of July, 1897, but, while he had little or no sympathy with Mr. Chamberlain's political or Imperialistic yiews, litf did not think it was right to allow such a statement or suggestion as bad been, advanced to go forward as in auy way an accurate statement of .what ocourred. As to the Committee of Inquiry, he considered the report issued wus entirely unjustified by the evidence submitted, but Mr. Chamberlain only did what might have been cxpeolcd, what was right and proper, in making the observations he did. ou the subject of that report iu regard to Mr. Rhodes. That Mr. Obumberlaiu did so under any threat was entirely untrue. If there had been , any threat He '(Mr. Hawksley) would have knpwn about it. It was true that Mr. Chamberlain signed tHe report of the committee, and' how he roconoiled that signature to himself, he (the speaker) could not say, but that was a very different thing from saying that Mr. Ctmtn- borlain made statements in the House of Commons under a threat. Ho was very glad .'to have had an'opportumty'of pointing out to Mr. Stanhope that, while ho spoke what he believed to be true«, no doubt ho went too far when ho said Mr. Chamberlain made his speech under any threat whatever. It was due to Mr. Chamberlain to make that staten/ent, and he wasglod to make it at a meeting of Liberals." Mr. Chamberlain may be puzzled iu trying to determine whethor Mr. Hawksley is a friend op a foe ; but he appears to have given him self away on tho prinoiple that a mail who is his own.lawycr has a fool for a client ; fori In replying to Mr. Stauhope, Mr. Chumber- laiu is Voported to have said, "I am not to be blaokmailed by Stanhope or any one else. There is np correspondence to pfove. niy complioifcy with the raid, which I did my utmost to 1 stop." This is an admis sion that he knew of tho plan, of . the proposal to raid the Transvaal, aud, so far as we are aware, it always has been alleged that he did not know anything about it. It was itrautfe, indeed if ho could not stop such a thing, and yet . could. : send/ ah ... array > largo! enough - to, conquer \ tho . two; ; recalcitrant republics, .Further reply awaited. : 