CHAPTER II. I walked upstairs with my arm linked in Evelyn’s, trying, but failing, to listen to her gay gossip. My head was in a whirl. What was real ? What was imaginary ? Where and who was (1 uy ? If Evelyn would but cease her prattle and speak of him ! Had nobody missed him ? Was lie of so little account ? I felt indignant on his behalf yet I would not mention Turn. ‘. . . and to my knowledge she gave him six dances. No wonder poor old Jim We had reached my room and Evelyn had thrown herself down into an easy chair. I dropped into an opposite one. 1 It’s too abominably late to stop up,’ she announced, laughing. ‘I think we’ve quizzed everyono now. But, I say, you naughty girl-’ I in tenanted her., I knew, what was coming, <nW*t didn’t want’ it. I desired that she should name Guy hersolf, and I tried to forco it. * Did all whom you expected turn up, Evelyn? ' ‘ Yes. At least I didn’t miss anybody.’ Then GurT must have seen Evelyn and excused himself to her. But why did she not mention him ? Could it he—oh, could it—that she, too, cared for him! I had fancied her heart was set on another man, but there's no reckoning on girls. Where they arc most secret the danger lies. Evoh'n chattered on, and I dimly heard of someone looking ‘perfectly sweet’ in a ravishing eau-de-nil brocade. Then she abruptly exclaimed— ‘But you haven’t given me a report of your evening. Who had the nervo to monopolise three-fourths of it?’ ‘ Nover you mind ! ‘ It’s seky,’ as the children say. But I’ve enjoyed myself hugoly.’ , T ‘ How mysterious we are 1 I must un earth it somehow. Glad you’ve had a good time ! Sleep well.’ And with a buttorfly kiss and a merry laugh Evelyn vanished. She left me no wiser concerning Guy. But after all, why should I want to know more than that ho loved me ? The business side ? Bother the business ! If I am near thirty, my faith and sentiment are not extinct. I was ready to chance the business side. Ho was honourable. I would have staked my life on that; and nothing else mattered. I was not penniless, nor, I felt sure, was he. Yps, I was happy and content—too happy to sleep. I was ready for bed, had blown my candle out) and bad combed my bair in the fitful fire-light for a full half hour. Nothing was left in the grate but a layer of glowing cinders. I fiugeted them about with the ‘ curate ’ poker, as I went over and over in my mind my too brief conversation with Guy. ‘ A good night to you, my heart’s queen P How sweetly those parting words rang in my head. • Yes, Guy,’ I murmured, ‘ this is indeed a good night to me.’ How silly ! Those two embers were not really like Guy’s brilliant eyes, but they had conjured up that pale and striking face before me with wonderful vividness. What a faco it was ! His smile only had jarred upon me as not beautiful, and I declare it hold a fascination in its bitterness. Doubt less he had gone through fiery trouble, of which I should hear, and it had left its trace. My poor Guy! A cinder dropped on to the hearth, and died. I shivered involuntarily, and stirred the coals afresh. But the poker-seemed only to kill the fire now, and I laid it aside. I started. Somebody had entered the room. I felt rather than heard that I was no longer alone. It was with a feeling akin to terror that I turned round, though I know not what I expected. Close beside me stood Guy I He was still, 1 could faintly perceive, in the ruffles and brocade of a Georgian gallant. • My heart leaped into my throat. In the dull red ’ gloom his face stood out in ghastly pallor.. What did he mean by this V His conduct was exceedingly wrong,: I. must show him that I thought it so. ; v; \- In trerablingamssement-I-arose, blushing painfully. . ‘ Leave this room at once,’ I commanded; .«you- have no business whatever to come here, and you must be aware of it. Had I conceived it possible-’ • Ah, but you did not know me, seraphic one. I forgive yon ere you ask it. *Come, seat yourself and talk with me again as you did erstwhile. How could I absent myself from you when I love- ’ With effort I had regarded my speeoh. • Go this moment, sir I Ti '■» Hast I rt»g the beSf The bellrope hung by the bedside. V advanced towards it. His figure moved between me and the fixe. AND THROUGH IT I SAW THE BED COALS ! All in an instant I realised that it was no man. With, a convulsion of horror I clutched the bellpull in my shaking hand. But It was before me. I saw the long white fingers touch the' rope above my head as if It, too, would ring. Immediately the cord broke, and I found but the end and tasBel in my grasp. . I fell back with an attempt to shriek, but for a minute two gleaming orbs Beamed to paralyse me. ‘ What a misfortuno ! We cannot sound an alarm. But at least let us make the best of it.’ I rushed to the door with a screaming sob. But that terrible hand had rested on the handle before I could reach it. It was instantly withdrawn, but when I touched the knob it tumbled on the floor. Shuddering and helpless I sank to the ground. The figure stood over me, and I believed my last hour bad come. Could it be that I had loved this loathly thing ? In exceeding terror and hatred I sought to cover my face with my hands. And I could not. Those glittering eyes were burning their way into my soul. And they held mo. Slowly the figure bent down over me. I could not stir a finger. Then it kissed me on the lips ; and it was as if a red-hot iron were pressed upon them—or an icicle, I know not which. I prepared to die. In capable of utterance, with a final mighty effort I traced with my finger the Sign of the Cross. Thera was a hellish groan, indescribable in the intensity of its horror. 'That was all. . . The awful It had gone, and I was alone—a prisoner. A dizziness seized me and I all but fainted. Then slowly, silently, the door swung open on its own accord. Fresh terror spurred me to action, and lent me strength and speed. I fled from the room and along the dark deserted passages, not knowing whither 1 went. Suddenly I ran up against a belated maid servant with a candle. Before she could go into hysterics I inquired sharply for Evelyn’s room. She pointed it out to me. I burst in. Evelyn was asleep. I flung myself beside her and clung to her, sobbing and crying like a child. It was a Ion" while before 1 was able to tell her in broken snatches what I had gone through. She wrapped her arms around me, kissed me, and held mo tight. But she said not a word. A horrid dread flashed across me. ‘ Evelyn, say you believe me. If you think me mad, I shall become so—or die.’ ‘ My poor darling, boliovo you ? Of course I do. Have I not reason to ?’ she muttered under her breath. I sprang up. ‘ Why, Evolyn, have you seen him—It ? Who—what is he ? If you lovo me, tell me everything.’ ‘ Will you not wait until to-morrow ?’ ‘ Oh, no, no. Tell me now. I feel I must know all. Sleep? I think I shall never sleep again. Only keep tight hold of me. Thank heaven you are flesh and blood, Evelyn !’ There was silence for a minute. Then she spoke, slowly but steadily. ‘ It is the ghost of Guy Merritt. I have i nover seen him, but others have. They say | he is the curse of our family, but of late the appearances hare been so rare that the tale bid fair to become a mere legend. He is an ancestor of ours who lived in George L’s reign, and was so bad a man folk called him ‘ The Devil’s Squire.’ ’ ‘Howdo you mean? A murderer? A robber f ‘Yes, for he robbed girls’ souls of faith and slew their purity. He left behind him many a shameful monument. When only thirty he died in the midst of his debauchery. Tradition says he possessed a strange, irre sistible fascination^—’ I clutched Evelyn tighter, and mv teeth chattered as she Baid these words. Noticing it, she hastened on— ‘ Well, that is all. With his dying breath he boasted of his impenitence, and passed away claiming the devil as his liege lord. Since that day hiB wicked spirit, clothed as of old, has from time to time haunted this house, as if. seeking—oh, my dear 1-—to drag others after him.’ Slowly the daylight crept, in, and found us quivering in each other’s" grasp—I, haggard and deathlike, with a large whits blister upon my lip. This, a door knob, and a yard or bellrope, were the sole traces oi my hellish visitant. ’ But the horror of that awful night is upoi me still. ; 