The Sketcher. ~ * c A Strange Seance. lit was a peculiar affair from the very commencement, ft was weird—even from the circumstances that led me to pa-rtflclivvte in it It occurred under the very nose of the public, and the public eye was hliud to It. I was in a «.>rt:i'in suburban parts. I slranU loll you which it was—put on your puzzSiug trap. I had cast aside, my worries, anil lintl determined to eujoy an hour of tin? uioileru pastoral. It wis one ut-euiut; lu (lie ,voar« sweet, bridal lnoutli, w-licn sjiriiip; weds summer, wlioil the M'ity lihioni 'leeks the jrlnde, and ju«l nibout the time the tsun takes his eveulng dii>, irikliiig the waters ot his twill as lie Ufeaiipears iuto their midst I liaii Wandered Into a thickly wooded grove, and 1 tthouKlrt myself alone ; so j I was wPlier startled wlieu 1 heard a liunmu voice closc by me ory out " cucboo." On looking up I perceived ail old gerttlcorran, a very quoer-loo>Mng old (jerttieraaii, peit'lied on tlic stump of «i withered tree. He -was swinging his legs about as if he were in a astaite of Khoreragh enjoyment, and lie was nodfling bte quaimt old head—nodding it evidently ait me. It was not a position )n w-lfleh oue would itsiraTI.v find an old gentleman—not a respectable old gentle- Irian, lit was not an occupation in whieili old geii'Uranen an' pmnc to indulge; so I fear in my sin-prise 1 must have stared at bim very rudely. "Oh, I'm hero rigltf enough," cried he. He had evidently read my thought. " I'm very much here, lta ! ha ! ha !" And his letfs went swinging at. a fearful ra!te. " I worildnU look quite so bewildered If I were you," continued he in Ms strange croaking voice. " People passing might noftiee H. Ob, you think I ghotfld be most likely to attract their ttttenfcton ? Thai's wiiere you're wrong. Pm here, most positively here ; but for all ttrat vesry. very few people can see me. YVni can. txwaupe you're clairvoyan't. I'an a spirW. Ha ! ha !" I questioned myself as to the possibility of my being asleup and dreaming; bu-t apnin "divining my thoughts, he replied with a chuckle : ! " OHi, you're Wide awake—cuckoo." 1 And he svivn me si knowing wink. Suddenly he assumed :au alert expres- sion : and iilirn. bending forward mysteriously, lie whispered : " There are Fonic people coming. I dont wiWIi to distress you. I know you'd Hkc to itttrodmre nn;; but as you cau't, I'll disappear." I turned to see who was approaching, ft was a pair of loveiv ;. but they were too much engrossed in their own affairs to pevy any attention to me ; so I faced afoout :iga'iii. But the queer old man was gone. " Oli, tliif is too absurd," cried I. and I delibeWtcflj- wen4 up to the spot where he had t>oen and minutely examined It. There, was notthing but an old splintered and .lagjtod tree stump, wltli a gnairled twt dryiped in lichen and mosc. I •Stooped to patlier a primrose, when I frit my .trait kicked off m.v head. Then, raising my eyes, I peiveived an old boot dangling jtust ou a level with my nose. S'o Hinpiled was I ttiat X must have fallen backwards, for X discovered I was seated in a bod of weeds. Oh, the way Cha* old man enjoyed my misadventure Ifitrr there he was on his perch again); toe way he wriggled With deTight; how he held his sides xvitti laughter, rocked himself too and fro; •fbrew hte arms up ln Hie air ; and kicked out hfe WrtlUered old legs. Every moment 1 expected him to over-JMl»nce Mmsc'lf and come to serious grtef on lihe turf; but- no, he seemed as secuTe as you would have been on a tnutflc , stool. SBnaUy, be-.giot up—on nofhlug— •.floated rbunftUie tree, and then, wiflj a ; s«ddep tfwtet, resumed his seat TMs ; ftitU)e feat seemed to restore his mental equilibrium. Seeing- him do this so reminded me of cei'ta'in entertainments I had Witnessed .thnlt I couldn't help expressing a itbongWt. " I'm soiry I haven't a tambourine or a concertina to lend you." muNrred X. He took off his cap and Mirew it at me. It vanished into air. but X distinctly felt n« if l'd been Struck by a wel towel, " None of your inueodoes. my friend," said Tie. "Vim »o charlatan. I'm no 'Spirit by machinery. I'm. the renl ai'Hele. I wWli I had a concertina : I'd give you music about your ears you •wonMnlt care for. If you're not civil I phalli ju^t leave you. and Uieo you'll lose something. I can ten you. 'Ooplo." And •to my further astonishment he turned a <sorqifl(tte somersault agiain alighting in ihle ojrl position and looting as serious as if mfttfng out of the common had. happened. Then he crossed his logs, nnreed Ms rigttt eH»w, and stroked his chin. " Have yon ever attended a seance— a real scanoe 7' Inquired he : and hte fsyas looked like fewo red-hot coals tfhait sfcemed t*i burn riglrt into me. " Nb. X see you've not. Well, would you fikc t*> I" Again he read my •tfKmcWB before 1 could reply. " So you slttfl." "niareupon he sMd down the tree and stood before me. " IWIii»w,*' he onmmanded. " Ob. have no fear : I a morrtnl once—like yon, only a"great deal handsomer—and you'll be like me one of those days, ha ! ba ! 1«a!—only liot so handsome. FVrllow •me. No one will see mc but you. unless we meet a clairvoyant, and .he'll undorsftnnd. Wlhy do you hoshnte ? Oh. I jihant take. you off the earlh's plane. Opine along," He trotted ou before me, ,1ust as if he'd been a .human being. He dildn'it altitempt any further conrerfaiSon. neither did I. We were soon In a frequented part of (the past, btk nobody noticed him—evidontly nobodr «a-w him. We passed flirongh a busy street. He dodged in ta.nd out amongst the people just as you or I would. Never but onct> did he do anytSvltig out of the common, and tbaJt •was w!hen he wa3kod straight through a post. In my surprise, that post and I collided. He, perceiving my new inlsndventure, a^raln exitravagnndy revelled ; but secflng I looked annoyed, he bowed to me very politely in contrition, and we continued our Journey. Ait laisil we baited at a not very aristocratic-looking -house down a" back •street. " Mangling done iiere" was announced by a card prominently placed in a broken pane of the parlour window. My guide mounted the door-steps and Wled the door; but It was shut fast. Then, without tJic slightest hesitation, ihe p.issed rigUt- Wirough It. opened It fpotn -the inside; and waited, grinning, the 1iall to receive me. \- " 3 don't likejgiving the limdlady any extra trouble," jpald he; " particularly as she's lmsy at present with her women vfe^nsing her n^iglibours' linen and soll- I', • V - mg fchelr characters. Oh. don't look so astonished ; slje won't .be ^afraid ; she'* ufeen to' my little peculiarities, bless her. Volfowme up to the' second floor. Mind the utairs ; they're rickety, and the b&n-; Istm are delusive, so don't trust them. Hera ire «re-®oorml looral ildo." 1 couldn't help betof struck tiy the fact that this old gentleman did not la any war .bear (himself with that gravity, that circumspection, one would naturally expect from a person in his sphere, " Who's here ?" !he asked, looking round a room we had entered. " Oil, only a poor muster to-night. Friends, I salute you. Let me introduce a sceptic. Sceptic, you liavc Hie honour to behold, not disemlmdled spirits, but another order of b igies—for bogi"s you •will flunk us you pour, l»Hnd. benighted flesh-antl-bloiKl iiiae1iine-f,'.ttereil s,ml. ntl lieliold here spirits who cling |.i 111" •..jrtliV plane, mnl iiiiiteri.iJIy aiVi'et nmrtnlity. but wlm in thrir imiiKlane e\ini. ence were merely the -children of nvu'< liivhis. as Minerva was the offspring nf Jove. J,et me inirndiico vmi. The jrentlentan in the rhair lo-nighf is .s'.mplv known as The (Jliost. He if; a theatrical gentleman—possibly outsiders lernt iiiut Slangy ; but by tliiise insiile tin- profi-ssion ho is very much voii"rated. Il<> is a welcome gtiext in every playliou-.ie, and is to be met wit.li montly tm ,1 l-'viday evening or Saturday limriiin^. No other ghost in the whole world is so popular. His iufluctuv is simply nnii|«ie: aud when his wonted lime passes ,-mii ho does not appear tliere is generally heartburning ami iniplcasantry. in ordinary trade circles lie takes Die iii.-imirial name of Wages. Thai contleiiwii to the right of him is likewise in (he mimetic profession. He. is known as The Ghost of a Line. Not to be a<-<|ii.-ilntcd with him is uot to be consilium! en-ilirable in the theatrical world. Authors are understood to detest actors u-iio eschew lis society, yonder spirit rnnnated from the mind of a musician -a composer of the very highest soul order; so much sn that none of his writings we,re ever guilty of melody, excepting one 'song, of which there Is the gliost. That, gentleman is the ft host of a Tune. The person opposite, that, melancholic in«livldaul. is the Ghost of a .loke. He is welcomed when discovered in one of the comic papers. He is generally altumlcd by the imbecile you perceive at. his elbow. Who is he ? Why, the Ghost of B. Laugli. of course. The mercurial personage, so restless, and fidgety, is the Ghost of an Idea. Sometimes lie's very difficult to catch—even more so t-i retain. The party who has just entered is held In contempt both on the earth's plane nnd off it. Nobody wants him. One can do without him better than with him, lor he only brings unpleasant memories —he Is The G'host of a Coin." " Will you allow some one to s?eak •besides yourself ?" saW a gentleman in the comer. '' In other words, will you please give me myself ?" "Certainly," replied my spirit guide. Who seemed to perfectly understand the enigma. "I, sir," said the gentleman, rising, "am a spirit that many sigh for, manv woric hard for, and many sit palientlv awaiting." " Oh ! ha ! ha ! Capitnl for a conundrum. What Is that which—" It was the Ghost of a Joke who spoke, but he was silenced by the gentleman so rudolv interrupted, and the Ghost of a Lniish. who had just opened his uioulb. closed it again, and slunk beliind his intimate's chair. "Of course you would take me," said the controlling spirit, addressing the Ghost of a .Tokc : "you would take me." There was a hitter sarcasm in lus, accents; but his tone was not uokindlv When, turning to mo. he continued : " X am caught by some, nnd prove a, blessing to them, for they use me as the t'lin end of the wedge for their advancement. OtJiers let me slip through their finders Simply out of foolishness, others through sheer incapacity to utilise me. But there are myriads I never visit -md these, heaven help them, fade, fade' into poverty, and mostly thence into despair. Those -who seek me are likelv to find me; but there is no certalntv of tnat. I am by nature hasty and eaprirtous. I. sir, ,am pf 0- Ghost of a 'Chance." The spirit sat down, and there wns silence. Directly I heard, who he was I Telt Inclined to embrace him ; In fact I rose to do so, but lo ! he had disappear ed. Then, as a vision, events of mv own [ lrp rnse »D before me—anticipations, bopes. schemes, failures - failure? through folly, faihiresthrough being prematurely certain, failures through anothers spite-faded chances, brilliant effervescing bubbles which had died sparkling and bad left behind them nothing but regret Por a moment mv eyes were Winded with tears, and Wirough their dewy mist I saw the spirits who had'formed the circle giowlv fade away one by one. Strange to sav lie <,host of a Coin and the G'host of 'a I .a ugh disappeared together. The strains of « poplar melody floated through the air, and the Ghost of -i IMne was <fnd«stinguishaMe. The last to leave was the GSiost of „ . 7okfi seemed very loatb to go-in fact lie seemed to be present long after I could see nothing of him. " There." said m.v familiar when we were again aio, 1P. " yollVe witnessed what no .spiritualist ever beheld before lou ve gone beyond their most marvellous experiences. I pity y „ 0 von come to narrate it. Vo„ will get no orodence-no not even fr Qm the wildest vis.onary. Downstairs, please. The fion at the door, so aK to keep un the f be rent8 "l f l "ot paid we find the spirits become, very low " to sell me'some papers to d dn t purchase, because I feared they'd ni^PV ear ln my " oci£ ct. He most ^"Lted 88 " me 10 the then' head was in a whir!. I Sr,„-celv realised what I was doing luUil l fouud myself back in my own Z L 1 awin became acquainted Xh a little sjjlrit—Scotch this time. Then X felt that wliat my f aml, ia, Rafd was tnie-I was a medium, and for «ome spir ® t i ' t0 -"troT- e Chronclle!" "" Weekly Few things gratify Mr. George Movedith more than the fact that he had something to do Willi Mr. Thomas Hardy s first success as a novelist The M.S. of Mr. Hardy's book " Under the Greenwood Tree" was sent in vain to several publishers, and at last reached Mi»srs. Chapman and Hall. Mr, Meredith. who was then, as he is still, one of the " readers" for the firm, read the story, and was so struck with Its merits that he advised its publication, and wrote the author a letter of cordial praise, which was greatly appreciated toy Mr. Hard* Bicycling has become So popular in fAshhraabte Hyde Park,London, that,the first Commtstoner of Works If to be Mked whether he cannot exclude car- Mages from the bicycle track for two nouns in the forenoon, es they are a souroe »f inconvenience and danger to the bicyclists. , » well-attested instance in Ent^nd hi which a robin formed such aa attachment to two ladles that he was w " Of aooompajiylng them in WAen they went to nmiit In Mother district be took his by t rti^cr ^ ^ t « 