FOR THE OLD BUSH COURSE. - At punting on ponies, frem piebalds to roanies, With chestnuts and bays intervening ; -On up-to-date courses of bhady resources, ?Some knowledge of latel've been gleaning. And in betweep spaces of time at those races, Where leaders of fashion foregather, x ve paid tor in-ruBton and formed the con clusion That for genuine fun I would rather The meetings on courses where slight, the remorse is From swindle and clever coup failings, And stewards and judges would say that it fudge is To classify people by palings Where the rough and the ready, the drunken and steady Comingle in joyous prolusion, And couutry godsons, with five-eights colored coons, Join perhaps in deep'plotted collusion. Where they start, right across at the back of the course, For the ttrulv run mile and a quarter, And the brigalow youths mount the tops of the booths To watch till their eyes fill with water For the first dash of color that breaks from the duller Grey tints that, the trees take in autumn, And tells to tbe crowd that Bill Corcoran 's 'cloud' To the end of a furlong has brought aem. Witb quickening senses, tho crowd on tbe tonces Proclaim or applaud the first time past the post ; But curse nim as silly, that boy on the filly, A^d deolare' it a hundred to one on the Ghoat. With ribs elightly bleeding, the Cloud still is leading . The field, as from view they have raced rouud tho hill But flashing again into sight, it is plain That they've collared the Cloud, and her chances are niL As they race for the straight, where the bushmen elate, there * Arises a roar, 'The Ghost walks in, the Ghost.'1 But the old mare Duenna's been backed for a tenner, And has worked her way through from Ihe five-furlong post. She hangs to the Ghost, like an ember to teast, With the heart that old Panic, her grand sire, could boast. In her stride never shifting, her ears never lifting, She pokes her lean muzzle in front on the post. At tbe back of a booth, they with words that would soothe An in ant to elumber, are rubbing her dry ; And the plucky old mare, with a wide roll ing stare, Keeps time with her teeth on a rail that is by Leng Andy M*Grath takes a big booth cigar From his mouth well designed for a guzzle, And makes an unclever, uncertain endeavor To kiss old Duenna's brown n^uzzle. In between the events on the programme, some gents en A day's sporting bent, a few matohes run off ; No long, dreary waiting, far Plutocrats prating And planning, while luncheon and viands they scoff. No fashion displaying, by deadheads non paying, Or shimmer of silks on a dress lawn'is made ; A trip with the lasses along the rough grasses, Is, at the bush races, the only parade. At night the bush prancers are dancing the lancers At Sullivan's shanty, 'way round by the hills ; And fresh country girlies, 'mid waltzes and whirlies, Are smiling their love on the Jims and the BiUsb Outside in the starlight, the owner of Bar light Is making a match with the trainer of Tramp, And game old Deunna is backed for a teener To lower the colors ef Corcoran's Soamp. Perhaps these few reasons may savor of treasons Against the high turfites red-tapeism ways. Let who will say, 'I dare not,' I say that I care not A damp for the rumpus, it may perchance raise. For I'm off to the courses, where slight the remorse is From swindles and petty pretences ; Where stewards and judges would say that it fudge is To classify people with fences. MARTIN GALE. 