TWO OF A TRADE. BY VzsrxrY oVGEL. "It's all very well for you to talk, Maggie, when you can see your Rex as often as you like, and both se±s of parents are murmuring, 'Eless you, my children I' and you're going to be married in six months ! I wonder if you'd be cheerful in my, placel'. And Nocah Whittam's pretty eyes filled with tears. "My dear, I never said I practised what I preached. How long is it since you've seen him 7" " A whole week. What do you think it feels like when. your heart breaks, Maggie '" " Horribly unncomfortable I" said Mar garet Flynn, promptly. "But he'll tarn up soon, mark my words I" "Oh, Maggie, you are trying! How can he turn up when uncle's forbidden him the house? How can he write when he knows uncle examines the letters every morning ?" "Well, he's waiting for some opportu nity. Naturally the interview with the major would depress him." '"Depress him? My secondhand edl. tion of it was awful enough. ' A paltry lieutenant, with the vaguest chance of promotion-a man who hasn't seen active service I Why, the young whipper snapper would run away If he heard a shot fired!' Think of it. Maggie, when Jack's as brave as a lion I" !" He'll come somehow," said her friend, irrelevantly. "So he said when I saw him In the hall after he'd seen uncle. But how can he ' Here comes uncle, Magle; we shall have to go out with him." Old Major Hoyle wasNorah Whittam's guardian and only relative. And when, a fortnight before, Lieutenant Keith, of the 5th Lancers, at present home from India on sick leave after a fever, had dared to Inform him that he loved his niece, the major had told him In no measured terms what he thought of his "consummate Impertinence." " Wale for her "T' he shouted, In answer to a humble suggestion from Jack. "So you shall, sir I-I'll take care of that I and for ever 1" "And that ends the matter, Norah I Do you hear ?" he said to his niece, as her lover went dejectedly down the garden walk. So for a week poor little Norah had gone about looking like a ghost. Then her friend Margaret Flynn had arrived on a visit, and succeeded in cheering her a little. The girls rose as the fine, soldierly looking old man hobbled into the room. "Good morning, ladies. Norah, my dear, have the goodness ti ring for my borrl. Miss Flynn, you look as bright and charming as though it were May Instead of December." The door opened, and a sedate-looking butler entered with a tray. "There's an old soldier, Min Norah, wants to see you. He's selling shawls, and he's sure you'd take one." "A soldier selling shawls 7 I don't want any, Truefitt. Is he in the hall I'd better see him, perhaps," said Norah, wearily, "No, my dear, certainly not 1" broke in the major--"not in that draughty hall! Tell the man to come here, True itt, if Miss Norah wishes to see him." "Yes, sir." The old soldier was straight encugh, despite his white head. He wore an ll fitting suit of blue cloth, and a shabby peaked cap, and carried a large oilskin covered pack. He seemed somewhat embarrassed on being shown into the diningroom, and still more so at the sight of the major. " Im an old soldier, lady," he began, in quivering tones, "an' I'm trying to sell these few shawls, an' I thought maybe you'd oblige me by takin' one. I was through the Indian Mutiny, an' I got a sabre cut at Delhi, an'--*" "What regiment 1" interrupted the major. A prolonged fit of coughing delayed the visitor's answer. " 75th Fort, general," he said, at length. " I've got a small pension ; but I'm trying to--" "I was at Delhi," broke in the major. "You were in the action with General Barter, of course 7" " Adjutant he was then, general. An' I've got a medal for long service an' good conduct." And the soldier patted a decoration on his breast. "Most interesting. _ I am always glad to meet another old soldier. I should like more conversation with you. Come and see me-let me see l-to-morrow after noon about 3. In the meantime, here is a shilling for you. Norah, my dear, put your things on at once. I am in a hurry. and Miss Flynn is ready, I see. I will let this worthy man out." The worthy man's face fell as Norah moved to'obey. Perhaps he was thinking of his shawls, for he stepped forward as if to detain her. "The lady cannot wait now, my good man. Possibly she may care to look at your shawls to.morrow-eh, my dear ? I will let you out." And the fidgety old major piloted the soldier to the door. "Maggie," said Norah, as the girls were sitting before the fire that afternoon, " you seemed remarkably taken with that old humbug of a soldier I" "I, Nocrah '" "Yes, you. Uncle didn't let either of us get a word in, but you hardly took yougr eyes off him."h "Oh, Norah, Norah I" And Maggie got up and put both her hands on the other's shoulders. " Truly, love is blind I" "Maggie, what do you mean t Tell me quick I" " Well, I've only met Lieutenant Keith twice before he went to India; but I hadn't much difiiculty in reccgnlIng him this morning." "Maggie," said Norah, faintly, "are yon sure ?" "Quite. So will you be if you think it over." "But why didn't you say I" Convlc tion was slowly stealing in upon Norah. "This is the first time I have seen you alone since he went. I suppose you hardly wanted me to speak at the time I" "And uncle said we had to bike to the Trevors' at three o'clock to- morrow. Oh, Maggle I" "That's a pity. However, we'll man age things somehow." Nuorah looked utterly bewildered, and for the rest of the day she remained In a state of abstraction mingled with remorse. That the old soldier and Jack Keith were identical she began to have no djoubt. The more she moused upon the young lieu tenant's features, the more she realisedl that a little false hair and a few skilfol touches would transform them into just such'a representation of a decrepit old war-hero as she had aeen that morning. How could she contrive to see him alone to-morrow i She absently salted her apple-tart at dinner that evening as she pondered over these things, all un aware that the major was watching her closely. "Surely,'" he said to himself, when Norah excused herself from singing to him after dinner, "she can't be fretting after that young jackanapes !:' And then he tugged his moustazhe fiercely. Some times it did not seem very long since his own lieutenant days, and he was not such a hard.hearted old tyrant after all. He was persistent next morning In his arrangements that the girls should bicycle over to visit friends in a neighboring town. "The air will do you good, my dear, a--,t I shall be well entertained in your absence. You seem to forget that I am expecting the old man who was here yesterday." "But I was going to look at his shawls, uncle I" "I will tell him to call again, my dear. I particularly wish my note to go to Colonel Trevor." The girls racked their brains for some means of meeting their visitor alone. " We might start late," said Maggie. "Or, stay, wouldn't it be better to go early for the chance of meeting him on the road 1' But even here the old major innocently forestalled them. " The sun Is so bright," he observed, as the girls were getting ready to start, "that I think I shall go for a torn. I shall meet the old soldier ; he can only come along the one road." And he hobbled off, quite unconscions:of the two downcast faces In the ball. " We must start," said Maggle; "it's no ose waiting. We may meet him before the major does." The major was almost at the bottom of the steep hill which sloped down from his very gate, when the old soldier came round a sharp bend in the road and began slowly to ascend it. "Ah, my man, I was expecting youen; but today ia so mild that we can chat as well here as indoors." " If I could just go up to the house, general, an' show the lady these few shawls-" " Oh, ah, yes; I think she is just go. ing out. She wishes you to call some other time." But a sadden scream made both of them turn sharply, to see a lady on a bicycle almost flying down the hill towards them. The major saw the terrified face, and thought of the almost right-angled torn in the road, and the stone wall Imme diately below them; and then'he lost his head completely. "Stop, my dear-stop I" he shouted wildly. "Get off I Why doesn't some one-" Someone did. Directly the machine came into view the old soldier advanced a little from the roadside, and stood calmly waiting. Now, as the girl was whizzing past him, he seized her round the waist with a strong grip, meaning to swing her clear of the bicycle altogether; but her skirt had somehow entwined itself in the dress.guard. And though anything worse than an ordinary spill was entirely pre vented by his prompt action, the rescuer, the rescued, and the bicycle went down in a heap on to the grassy border of the road. The rescued one staggered to her feet first, pale and shaken, but unhort. "Oh, Jack, are you really not hurt. I was so frightened 1" But the old raejor was hobbling excitedly to the scene. "The placklest thing I ever saw ! In one more moment It would have been too late! Name your reward, sir-name your reward I" And the shameless old soldier picked himself up, making no effort to conceal a lock of black hair which was plainly visible beneath a much disarranged white wig, took Norah Whittam's hand in his own, and said coolly: "This, Major Hoyle I" The major's face was a'perfect picture. But before he could speak Margaret Flynn rushed up and took in the situation at a glance. S"is she safe? Oh, Major Hoyle, for one awful moment I thought it was all up-when I saw her brake wouldn't work! We never ride down that hill without a brake. Hadn't we better all come back to the house? I'm sure you're both very much shaken I What a won derful escape I I never saw anything so plucky I Mr Keith, if you will help Miss Whittam, the major and I will bring the machine." Pexhaps because she was the only one of them who could boast the least preten sion to a clear head at that moment she was meekly obeyed, and ten miunutes later Norah and, the. now rejuvenated Lieutenant Keith were collecting their scattered senses in two comfortable arm chairs before a cosy fire ; while the major sat in his study in a very bad temper. The major had gleaned one or two details as to the decrepit veteran while Margaret and he were bringing home the damaged bicycle. He had all an old soldier's admiration for strategy, even though In this case he had been its victim. And If he sent this young fellow about his business, the story of how he had been taken in- flattered, people would say, by having a higher rank than his own accorded to him (how that "general" rankled I) would be all over the country. side I Moreover, he had the highest admiration for pluck and promptness, and he remembered uncomfortably that be had stamped about and shouted while this young fellow had quietly acted. As for having forbidden him the house well, he was sitting in the diningroom at present, and in his (the major's) arm chair. And here came a knock at the door, and Margaret entered. " You know," she said solemnly, "there's no doubt about it that he saved Norah's life, and I've come to talk to you." "My dear," said the old Major, after she had pleaded the lovers' cause well and eloquently, "you would coax the very birds off their bushes ! Perhaps - perhaps I've been a foolish old man." And then they went into the dining room together. Jack Keith rose as they entered. "I ought to apologse, sir," he began; " but I had to fiod some way of seeing her. I hadn't any idea-as yet-beyond getting a sight of her again-and I-'" And then he stopped, for something like a smile was playing round the grim old month. "I have to thank you, sir, for savlng my niece's life," said the majcr; "but, by Jove 1 you young rascal'--anl his tone changed-" do you think Lhere is no penalty attached to hoodwinkinga superior officer, and getting money out of him under false pretences ? I've a good mind to pass sentence upon you myself !" There was a twinkle in the major's eye which was reassuring. "Penal servitude for life, my boy," he said grimly. " And "-polnting to orah, who held her lover's hand as though she intended to share any punishment - there's your gaoler for you I" 