HER QUESTION WAS THE OLD ONE. mr. opoon.imore, paui yuuug uiuy. as tho two walked along Hie quiet street or the way to church, “ may I presume upon our somewhat short acquaintance to ask you a question ?** ** Why—yes, MissDc Muir,” he answered, turning slightly pale. ” It is the old, old question, Mr. Spoona Tt had come upon him unexpectedly. He was not prepared for it. Long, long afterwards ho remembered how her voice trembled, aud how the little hand that rested upon his arm fluttered with a shy nervousness that awoke a responsive chord in bis knees. Long, long afterwards he could close his eyes and see as vividly as he did at that moment every detail of the commonplace landscape that environed him—the street, with its rows of .gaslamps struggling in vain to illumine the gloom of a cloudy evening, the sleepy looking houses that stretched monotonously away until lost in the dim. foggy perspective, the sombie bleak sky overhead, and tho occasional pedestrian flit ting about in the semi-darkness like an un easy ghost suffering from insomonia and walking because there was nothing else tc do. “ Why—Miss I>c Muir,” he gasped. “ cer tainly you—you may ask it if—if you feel that you must.” “ Then, Mr. Spoonamore,” she said, halt ing directly opposite a street lamp, and looking the trembling young man squarely in the face,” will you please tell me if my hat is on straight V* 44 Somebody says that “ a pretty woman has ruined more thaD one church.” Yes, and more than one preacher. 4-4* A Warning.—Lovers should be careful how they act in thecountry.for potatoes have “ eyes,” corn has “ears,” and beans “stalk.'* 44 The annexed is a choice extract from an album kept at the Niagara Hotel :—“ Next to the bliss of seeing Sarah, is that of seeing Niagara.” 44 Tho Momontonn Quonlion.— AupuRtun: you lovn rT\e>, or aojou noj.1 to return your presents? ++ Lore's Complaint.—“ My eyes with tears arc red and dim, ’cause lie loves she and I love him; but they’ll be better by and bye, when she cuts him and he loveB X.” “ Shall , I have your hand ?" said AugUB tine to Matilda, as tho dance was about to commence. With all my heart,” responded Matilda. +4 A lady, writing verses, says that kisses on her brow are the richest diadem a woman’s soul aspires to wear. All right. Bring on your brow, ami take your diadem. +■+ . A girl recently discovered that she pos sessed in a wonderful degree the faculty of mind-rcadiog. She operated on her lover, and discovered that he was going to kiss her, and the event Bhowed that he was right. A very loquacious lady calling one day to, consult her physician, talked on and on with such volubility that the latter could not get a word in edgeways. Growing impatient he at length told her to put out her tongue, which she did. He then said: “ Now please keep it there till you have heard what I have got to say to 