ROMAN CATHOLIC. ORDINATION SERVICE AT MARY'S MOUNT. The dignity of tho priesthood was 011 Sunday last conferred upon three Pass- ionist students at tho retreat of studies, Marv's Mount, GoulbunfT T lie Right Rev. Dr. Gallagher, Co-adjutor Bishop . of Goulburn, was tho officiating prelate. . Tho Very Rev. Father Gregory, pro vincial of tho Passionists in Australia, . was Archdeacon, while the Rev. Father Fernando C.P. actel as director of cere monies. The names of the ordinandi wcic ! Father John (Sherlock), Gerard (Chester) and Alphonsu-: (Coen) Many of their friends and relatives came from a distance to witness the function. The solemn and impressive ceremonial was full of meaning. The Bishop placed upon the young LovLtes tho priestly vestment, and Outward sym bol of that inward charity which is the peculiar mark of tho disciples of ClirisK He hound up their hands to signify that henceforth they were sacred to ho y ! tilings and cut off from ali profane uyes. They were anointed with holy oil as a - symbol of tho unction of the Holy Ghost communicated to them that by tho power of God whatever they should bless ehnnld he blessed, whatever thoy should consecrate shou'd bo consecrated, and whatever tliey should sanctify should ho sanctified. Such are the words of tho beautiful prayer offered by the Bishop j as he performs the external ceremonial. J Then with imposition of bunds and with 1 prayer he called down upon them tho j Spirit of God to fill them with grace and j benediction and strength to execute well j their priestly charge. The relatives and friends of those ordained came to receive their blessing. Amongst those who weic present were Mr. Chester (Father Ger ard's brother), Mrs. Coen of Yass (Father Alphonsus' mother), together with others friends of Father John. On Lite following morning the newly ordained celebrated their first masses, after which they again blessed those who wero present. The solemn high mass was sung by the Rev. Father Gerard, tho Rev. Father John acted as sub-deacon, the Rev. Father Oswald as deacon, The talented young organist of SS. Peter and Paul's cathedral Goulburn, Mr. G. Mc Council, presided at tho organ. He was assisted by two gentlemen and two ladies, members of the cathedral choir. Their names wero Mr. Hall, tenor, Mr. Parsons, bass, Miss G. McConnell, con tralto, and Miss Katie McConnell, soprano. Schubert's Mass in G was ren dered. Tho'Renedictus was specially composed for the occasion by Mr. McConnell. DON'T ARGUE with LIVER DISEASE- TAKE WARNER'S SAFE CURE Gentlemen, — I have much pleasure in informing you that just about twelve months ago I suffered from a pain in my right side, and tired and languid feelings, and after some time I got a lump in my right side which caused me to seek advico from a medical book. Tliero I found the cause was the liver, and knowing your Warner's Safe Cure to he a good and Safe Cure for same, J gave it a fair trial with great success, I have much ploasure in saying that J have never felt anything of it since. Yours trulv. (Signed) F. A. BURT. i30URKE iN.o. VY. 