THE TRAVELLER. IDLE HOURS IN ITALY. fFrojn our >Sp scral Correspopdent.l LUCERNE, March 11. There ore beautiful bits of'landscape be tween Mii&n.; curd \ mice, and tiie view ox pretty villas and larger buildings dotting the adjacent hillsides at Brescia lives jn the memoi y as among the best of them. IVie sweet sunlight gilded ad things with its heavenly alchemy, and its bale, remains a penmanent reminiscence of this picture. The land is very fertile, x..r « — , — —, but J confess to fto-me surprise on thenring that in adjacent country seven crops a year have been reaped. A chatty lady, the English wife of a resident Italian military officer, who joined our train at De-senzano, declined to con firm this statement,- but admitted that ioui crops of huy per annum was not an unusual return. Toe country aro,und \ erona is irri gated by trenches, and we passed many acres well planted with mulberries, vines, and maize. This interesting place is omit ted from the present itmeiary, as is aiso Padua, 49 miles further on, with its wealtn of interesting antiquities. At last Venice looms in sight. J he tram runs across the narrow peninsula connect ing this curions end wonderful city with tilie mainland, and soon a "poppe" is pro pelling us deftly down the Grand Canal in Lis one-Pared black gorid'.la. How strangely beautiful it seems! I'ast palaces hoary with age. in and ont of narrow waterways, we arrive by short cuts at the hotel. Not a moment is lost; the interest^ is too keen to permit of any delay while the precious hours of the afternoon last. A steamboat is just leaving the Riva degli 1 Schiavoni. and I step on board and get back to drink in more of the magn ificence of J the Grand Ga-nal. Well mif^ht Rusk in em ploy his exquisite diction and imagery in depicting the glories of its decaying ccoords 1 of dead centuries. Every form of architec ture . seems to be represented, from the grand to the grotesque, and the taste and fancy of long-forgotten designers is here expressed for the succeeding ages to study and admire. Crowded together so closely you pass them so quickly that their succes sion is simply bewildering. Latter in the moonlit evening yon float leisurely d-own this ancient waterway in your slow, hearse like gondola an air of dreamy unreality eteals over your consciousness. y he whole picture seems too strange to be true. I he jJHAUiC irvrvj collected ghosts of many hundred.s oj years are somewhere among -those marble ■monu ments, and the jnClamcholy "Sta,i-o!' of the poppe approaching an irsterNiefion of the canal sounds like the wailmg echo from a place of tombs. It is all weirdly, fasci natingly beautiful. Devouring Time, sdent, relentless, and dignified, here confronts you face to face; and your little modern personality in its -clothes of this year s fashion shrinks back in the gondola seat ashamed. You learn that George Eliot Jived in the Ralazzo Cuistiniani, and that Lord Byron made his dwelling-place m the Pr.hzzo' Mocenigo; that some other cele brity of yesterday tool; up bis abode here, and' another-there, but the advertii-vrment thus given to them strikes you a.s imperti nent and almost sacrilegious. For this is Venice, the City of Conquerors, the beacon of a bygone aye, whose gloTies, towering o'er tlie wreck's of tune," still mark her as too groat for cheap patronage, even in hen crumbling ashes. Fan Marco is a different. Church from tne ordinary tourist-haunted edifice. The mrv coloured marbles employed, and the Orien tal splendour of the decorations, seem a fitrange jumble to the eye of the ordinaly lover of Ohurdh architecture. But even a cursory gV.ince at the guidebook will help the visitor to discover some of the beauty whidh at first is bidden. Rusk in ha<s done, much to render the garrddne=s erf this re markable building acceptable; but, for all that, its excellences do not appeal to the universal 'taste. Among its relics is the stone on Whidh John the Baptist was be headed. ATI these old Uhurdhes seem _ to possess'some precious property of this kind —bits of the wood of the true Cross, or the tooth of St.. dude, or the back hair of the Apogtle Ta.ul, or other equally Valuable odds and ends. Some years ago, at Cologne, I paid -a fee to view the pot in which out Saviour turned the whiter into wine at Gana. Since that time I have been sceptical on tihis irtatter of relics. The vessel was too small to (have held enough to go round. Whilst I was examining the altar ban i Mamo a priest entered the pnlpit and be gan to preach. The position of the audi ence blocked the exit, so that I had to re main and listen. The preacher was of .about, middle age. of good physique, with a_ re fined, m-FeUectoal face. At first the feel ing was one of boredom, but insensibly 1 Became interested in the pleading tones pouring forth bra message, in words that ran from his lips in a rich, musical rtrearn. ran imiii i*«s "t«- **' ™ - — > : ; , Nearly all of it was quite unintelligible. The graceful, gentle action given with either hand of arm, the earnest broken voice, the inflection and emphasis that oc ca8io»a1ly rose to aaetgeiac then fell to soft eareaft ■ pleading agfcig, Reid the large crowd - of l<8estere £ptuv bomtd. The wcmds "3mm Orirtc oeearred >ety frequently, uttered with peculiar ten derness. Aft the prieet went on hia .ejre^ "became «mnaed •With tears. Three n°l^ fathers, Sitting in meditation in front; of «be alter, -vnrth their backs towards the preacher, turned their heads alightiy at one passage, as though some uncommon height of feeling or expression had been reached. The scene recalled a passage in "John Inglesant"-—the transparent ear newness of this man quite equalled that of the character represented in Shorthonse's creation. At last I got out of the cold Church into the Piazza. This, and the GarrroaiBie, and the Doge's Palace, and the Bridge of Bighg are all as familiar ho Adelaideans as the face of the town clock, from their long acquain tance with the drop-scene at their Theatre "Royal. The Pizza is the centre of Venice. It is here that the merchants most do con gregate, "here on Sundays the hand plays, and here is the fashionable promenade. It was pleasant to sit at a cafe -table .and «ip coffee, and smoke, watdhing the passing crowd, and listening to the "Sfobat Mater, well played by good performers. Th« psgeona—protected by the law of their country—strutted in and out among the people, and picked trp crumbs of comfort beie and tin ere. From the Campanile a good-view of the cwampy "background of the city was obtained; but it wtrs hardly worth the trouble of the ascent. The Palace of the Doges has plenty to offer,but nothing in it Compared with several pictures by Paul Veronese. The rich colours, softened .by time, blend in exquisite harmony But m Venice you do not care to spend much time indoors, either in Churches or palaces. Yon -w«nt to be on the water. Tkie time passes quite pleasantly enough in gondola trips to the various places of interest dur ing the diay, and on moonlight night* you are not living unless you are afloat. But the representation of Masoagiri'B "L'Amico Fritz" at the Teatro Rossini tempted^me,, and T went. There is something of luxu rious ease in going to your theatre in your gondola. A silent calm lies over the -water. You glide peacefully elong until -one of the ganZreri gathers your gondola in with his long, hooked pole end yen step out into tfhe vestibule of i>ne Hhea^tre. I® Italian theatres a fee is charged for entrance, and a second for your Beat, so that you pay about double the price named on the bill. The popular composer whose production holds the boards is ait present in Venice. "He has just given some shrewd homefthrnsts in a lecture on musical critioism. Ade'aide has so many lovers of music that for their sakes I include a bit of bis text. "Miscalled intelligence and dha-m know ledge have rendered possible the develop ment of these useless critics of music, who with the great ease and with a small stock of words believe they can destroy work which may have cost a musician Who may also be a genius—years of labour. Musical criticism is always giving the worst of -ad vice, and 'helps powerfully to retard the natural development and the evolution of music; and if the Italian school of music is now in a state of uncertainty, hesitating to take a definite path, the blame must be laid on the Shoulders of the critics. Mnseagni has a supreme contempt for the musical ciitic, and it was jti expression of this feeling that he dedicated his last work to himself "L'Amiro Fritz" was fairly well mounted, hut not better than when it was produced in Hindley-street. The soprano, tfho tenor,-and toe baritone were all good, and the familiar "Cherry duet," which re vived me.mbries of an Adelaide rendition, was beautifully sung. An air was ravishingly played by an _ invisible first violin, and the wvsmred me lody drew "tremendous enthusiasm from tnc audience, three-fourths of whom were men The oehesfra numbered about forty, and the delicate light and shade in their treat ment of this melodious writing, developing rx.-caw.cma 11 y into a, mo-sit vigorotV forte, play ed in aiccurato time t.o-gotlber, was a perfect treat. Tie vibra-to, so strongly in evidence with most Italian singers, was not neglect ed here; vou could wiagme each vocalist bad a revolving winnow-fan msrfie bis anatomy. A ceorl deal of the trade of Venice is control!-d by English firms. The Venetian class industry, famous all over the world, the lace trade, carved furniture, ^ marble statuary, in fact, almost the entire bus mess of Venice direct!v connected with foreign purchasers is in the hands of English capi talists, and most of the hotels are simi larly held. When you have got over the first -strange charm of the place, yon begin to realize that tbere are disadvantages even here.. Orange peel and decaying vegetable matter in still corners arouse your suspi cion that, all is not as it should be m the matter of aroma. The sweet scent of the morning air seems vitiated by the "uour from a narrow way, as your gondolier churns up the water with his oar, and the embrvo of recoiled ion stirs within. How'strangely potent in awaking old me mories is this sense of smell! At last the reminiscence takes shape and struggles into being. A picture of the Yarra comes back with all it* horror, and yon feci Jou arc living over again some of the shudder ing hoiiTs when vonr soul was sick unto death. This paragraph is the act. of a hea then who first worships his idol and then destroys it. But the truth will out. 