The Rosary. ABOUT A BEAUTIFUL DEVOTION. The opening of the thirteenth century Baw a part oi Christendom in a most de plorable state. To add to j he many bitter griefs thu Church experienced, heresy uproared. itself ; the long slumbering heresy of Oriental Maniohoism had revived in Southern Franco in all its brutality. To say exaotly what this heresy was would be to give a long list of foul abominations. Ib waa a whimsical medloy of sensuality and austerity, of misbelief and superstition, a pantheism that lost itself in its own in tricate windings, confounding God and man and nature together. Its virulence and violence readied its height in Languedoc and Provence. One seob, tho Albijenses, more furious than the rest, waa diaboiioaliu its fanatioiam. Its followers were drunk with lust and religious frenzy. They rep robated marriage ; threw tho Scriptures into the aewerp, anri profaned the sacred vossela. 'Their shocking violations of decency,' aayB Moshoim, ' was a consequonco of their pernicious system. Thoy looked upon modesty and deoenoy aa marka of inward oorrupbion, They denied the Incarnation and regarded Christ as a creature of God. Suoh was their irjf .ituation that they boasted of the supposed infamous favours which the 'divine man' had granted to their wives and daughters. Tho olergy and eooleaiaa tio.\l property wore Bpt.oially odious to them. It \\\m this last whioh gave thorn espeoial influence, and drew around them all discontented spirits, and g lined tho anuisb anoo of tho avaricious noblea who greedily eyed the property of the Ohuroh. Now a politioal faobor, under tho leadernhip of Raymond of Toulouse and the King of Aragon, they swept Southern Franco with fire and a word, shocking Europe with thoir unnatural biubalibius, and making king) tremblo lest the raoe should bo destroyed. Pope lunooenb III. proaohod a oruaade against this hellish Beat, but the slaughter's Simon de Montfort inflicted on them seemed to make them more prolific) and furious. Tho patience and long-suffering of an out raged God were -well nigh exhausted j thoir ariinos cridd to Heaven for vengeance, and people expeobed bho heavena to rain down fire and brimstone to blot out their iniquities. Bui God'a anger was atayed, for waa not the kind Mother of tho Redeemer holding up hor hands appoalingly to Him to uparo sinful man ? Ib was at this time that St. Dominio returning to Spain from the court of Franco paaeod through Languedoo, and beholding tho desolation of the land, his heart was moved with compassion to reclaim thorn, and ho determined to devote his hfo to proaohlng the goapol among thorn. And thus in tho insombable ways of Provldonoo tho God who sont forth tho shepherd boy to batblp for Him with tho Philistine Goliath, Who Holoobod 12 poor illiterate fisherman to ohrlsbiduiBe tho \v6rld, now chose this humble instrument Dominio to fight) Hie battloa in Languodoo. St. Dominio full of Hoal of /.3ixl for souls went about on foot througii towns and villages striving' for this salvation, Ho prayed forvontly to tho Mother of God to usBlsb him in hia groat work, and in answer, to quote tho words of tho Roman Breviary, 'He reoolved a command from tho Quoon of Heaven to proaoh tho Rosary to tho people aa a singular remedy against error and vlao,' Tho toault may well bo oxpraasod in tho words of our Holy Father Loo XIII, : ' Thuuku to this now form of prayer, pioty, faith und unity began to return. Tho projects and devices of tho heretics foil to ploooa. M«ny wandorora voturnod to tho way of salvation, and tho wrath of tho impious was chocked by tho arms of thono who, in defence, had determined to roalst thorn,' The devotion of tho Rosary, ouyfl Loo,XIlL, -4ls tho most oomplolo (jxjnotslon of Christian ploty,' luooualstu ot lo divisions oalUid dtca loR.oaoh of which 1h oonipoBod of tho lt Our l^vthor ' said once, and the ' Hail Mary ' said 10 times, followud by the ' Glory be to the Father' Each decade ia recited iu honour of a Mystery of the Life of Jesus Christ, and of of His Holy Mother, which should be ►meditated upon whilst the prayers are said. Those mysteries are arranged in throe sets of five each, called the Joyful, Sorrowful, and Glorious Mystories, corresponding to tho three groat divisions of Our Lord's Life, namely, Hi3 Infancy, Passion, and Glory, To quote a pious servant of God, 'the Rosary ' is an abridgement of tho Gospel, a history of the life, Bufferings and trium phant victory of Jesus Christ, and an exposition of all Our Redeemer did in the fleah, which He assumed for our salvation.' Of its excellency wo need but say, that of tho three prayers composing it, the ' Our Father' wasdrawnup not by angels or saints, but by Jesus Christ Himself, wherein Ho deigned to teach us how wo ought to pray. Tho ' Hail Mary ' was composed in heaven, dictated by the Holy Ghost, delivered to the faithful by the Atigol Gabriel, St. Elizabeth, and the Church ; and contains an act of praisa and thanksgiving for tho great mvs tery of tho Incarnation. Tho 'Doxologv'or 'Glory' contains ar- not of supromo adoration to tho ever Blessed Trinity, and ia so much eatoomed by tho Church as to bo added to all tho hymns, canbioloa and psalms of her Offices. The oonstant repetition of tho ' Hail Mary,' which may appear strange to some, ia pregnant ? with moaning. For as the errors of tho heretics related to tho Incarna tion, tho recital of tho ' Hail Mary,'1 whioh is a beautiful expression of that doctrine, ? would tend to revive in thorn a truo idea of it, and bo a sign of their faith aud an anti dote to heresy. Enjoining the devotion of tho Rosary on tho faithful Loo XIII in his encyclical of' 1S83 says :— 'Wo believe it to bo in tho designs of Providence that in these times of trial for the Ohuroh tho anoionb dovobion to the August Virgin should live and flourish. Lat tho Ohriatian people botako themselves ? more and more to the protection of Mary, and truab in her. Lot them cling more and' more to tho practioe of tho Rosary, to which our ancestors had reoourso as an ever-ready refuge in misfortune, and as a glorious pledge and proof of OhriBblan faith and devotion.' The man has a right to do as ho ploaaeF,. except when he ploaBos to do right. Ftol that you can do what you know you ought to do, oall upon tho benefioout poworB of tho air, look steadily into tho faoo of tho living Lord, Who frowns at sin but speaks woids of comfort to the sinner, and then, issuing your declaration of indti pondonoo, pub aaldo the old things and put on the now garments of tho now man, Our old mother Nature has pleasant and ohoory tones enough for us when she comos in hor dross of blue and gold over tho eastern hill-tops 5 but when she follows ua upstairs to our borls in hor suit of blnok volvub and diamonds, ovory creak of hor' sandals and every whisper of her Upe is full of mystory and foar, All real and wholesome onjoymonta poa sible to man havo boon just aa poaslblo to him alnoo firat ho was made of the oarth as thoy aro now j and thoy aro possible ohlolly in poaoo, To watch the corn grow und tho blossoms sot, to draw hard breath over ploughsharo and spado, to road, to think, to lovo, to hope, to pray— these are tho things ? to make men happy } thoy havo always hud thopo.vorof doing thoao— ?they novor will have tho power to do more. Tone] onions dooa not moan weakness, aofli hobs, efFominatoness, It Is consiBtont with strength, manliness,, truth and bravery. It doos not hIiow itwolf alone In tho touch, but ? in unaolfiahnoas, tlioughtfulnoss, consider atonosH, forbcaranao, pntlenoo, long'SUll'or Ing. But, ho vovor, it shows itself, it is uh tho bloom of tjio iiiubIo of angola stealing down on the plains of Bothlohorn, You may not havo much of this world's wealth to distribute, but you may glvo aomoUiIng better uud Hpoud u useful und butioflaanb life If you will practise this losaon of shed ding around you tho graao of human tottdor ness, In word and uot and by tho spirit) of your llfo, 