FLATLOCK'S GHOST. . — — a "Do you believe in ghosts, Bill?" The man thus addressed paused for a moment, as though doubtful whether to express au opinion- either one way or the other upon the subject, and re plied ; "Can't say, Hookey, for I've never yet- see'd one. ' Anyhow, I ain't agoin' to say that there are no such things, for I know of more'n one honest and sober man who can spin some uncanny yarns about the spooks he lias met with; and I know they wouldu't lie about the ghosts any more'n you or I would lie; but I'd just as soon see a spectre with my own eyes before I tell „ you that I believe in the spirit busi ness." This guarded reply seemed to satisfy Hookey, who lit his pip#, and took several hard draws before he resumed the conversation! "Well, mate, the fact of the matter is this — but. first- of all, you must promise to keep mum, for I've got. a good tiling, an, and- we can work it to gether- if you like, only the secret must remain between you and me only." Bill, who scented a paying job in prospect-, promised' liis churn to observe the strictest secrecy, aud waited for further particulars of the matter under consideration.- " To convoy an impression of the ' gravity and importance of the com munication he was about to. make, Hookey smoked slowly aud abstracted ly for several moments before he con descended to gratify the rapidly-in- . creasing curiosity of his companion. - . "Do - you know old Johnson's shanty which stands two fields beyond the.al- : lotmcnts — the. place with the big gar den -and the walnut-trees?" Bill- replied in the affirmative. "Well," resumed Hookey, . evidently doubtful whether lie was doing the ' right thing in parting, with , the infor mation, "I've- had -my eye'- on that property for some little "time. . There's a big mystery connected with the place which ,wA ought to clear -up. You know how attached old Johnson seems to his garden, and what an" interest lie lias .always taken in his crops; . hut now tho plots appear to be . going to the dogs, and the old chap, 110 doubt?, is getting too 'infirm to look after things like he used to. Then, perhaps, if you go hack several years, you will remem ber that it was in the same house that old Flatlpck, the miser," shelled out, and lie, too, was a. bit of a riddle. He raked in a pretty heavy haul of the pieces -while lie was at it, and people did . say, ..after the funeral, that it was not a; tittle surprising that the old screw left' such a small suiii for. the ad ministrators to divide out. - .Now, I can see through the game, and; with a little assistance, I reckon to get at Flatlock's hoard without his represen- , tatires getting wind of "lie affair." ' "What!" exclaimed Bill, with a greedy expression of countenance. "Do you mean to say. you've hit on an" old stockiiig up the chimney, or have you come across' any missing papers?" . "Not exactly- . that," responded. Hookey, with a knowing wink ;' "but I've got a pretty good hint, that there's a game worth playing on Johnson's gar den if Ave take on the job before it's too late."- . ' The ejus of the other man sparkled - as he guessed the meaning of his churn's somewhat disjointed and obscure re marks, and he asked whether' the mat ter under discussion "was known to any besides themselves. "Not a suspicion; there's no one -be sides 'you and I in the swim." "How did you get wind of the affair, then; have you "been round Johnson's .garden and scented the coin ?"- ' Hookey winced as lie1 listened: to. the question put by his friend ;, and an in voluntary shudder seemed' to"- '"'pass through him as he replied, "in a1 sepulchral -tone of voice : "I've seen a ghost!" "A ghost !" exclaimed the other, .be ginning to .wonder; whether the mug of- beer had been too much for Hookey and had got into his head. "A ghost! What has. a ghost got to do with it ?" "It's a ghost that put me on the trick," Hookey responded. "I've had to pass round Johnson's place twice lately after dark.. The first time I saw something white behind the wall as I went by.; but I was too scared to stop, I can tell you, but when .1 Reached Iionio I couldn't help thinking that the spook was connected with old Flatlock the miser; and it struck ;.me that if this were so, it would he worth the1 while to make a further acquaintance with the churchyard , party. I plucked up courage next nights and passed the house at a pretty late hour ; there was a white figure leaning over the wait and pointing 'distinctly -into the gar den. I took the till, as you may guess, ' and, if I'm not very much mistaken, we have only a little digging to do iix order to get at-old Flatlock's scrapings. That's -how it strikes me, . Bill, . and if you think the game's worth the candle, we'll do the thing between us, and cry halves over, the proceeds.'" - The prospect- of .a rapid acquisition of wealth .- left- no hesitation in Bill Gasland's mind as to the desirability of aceeptiug Hookey's liberal proposal. The possible rencontre with a super natural entity was the most disagree able feature of the uudertakiug in view; hut this drawback was scouted by both men when they weighed against it the probable finding of a buried chest- es timated by Hookey to contaiu a- thou sand pounds .or more in hard cash; and, after all, as Bill reminded his chum, who appeared now and then to exhibit traces, of nei-vousness, the ghost was without dpuht friendly inclined', or he Would have singled out some, other per son for .the distinction --of unearthing t-lie buried treasure. "To-night's the time for starting." Hookey went- on, after replenishing his mug. "The sooner we start the better, or someone else, perhaps, may get in first and spoil the whole job. The night's about right, too; there's just enough moon on for us to see what we're up to, and we slia'n't run the risk of giving ourselves away as we should, do if we had to use a lantern. Wc needn't bother ourselves about old Johnson ; he sleeps in the front of the house, and is as deaf as a brickbat. We can take it in turns to- watch the road outside for anybody who may "lie pass ing." The two men thereupon left the inn, and , after paying a hasty visit to their respective homes, they procured a spado apiece, and with a sack each under their arms, they proceeded in tho direction of t-lie haunted garden. They were not a little relieved to find that the ghostly tenant was not in evidence. Summoning up "courage requisite for the purpose they vaulted over the wall, and made a. liasty ex amination of their surrouudings. "Seems that Fm just a trifle out- of my bearings," whispered Hookey. "C'an't say exactly where it was that the vapoury party pointed; but I reckon that- the big tree in the middle looks as likely a place as anywhere?" "We'll make a start close to the trunk. You just keep your eye up and down the road' while I turn Up 'some ground.' " Gasland did as he was hid, and Hookey commenced digging carefully round the big yew tree in tlio centre of the garden. The result of a few minutes' labour disclosed nothing in the" nature of. buried treasure. > Hookey then tapped the trunk of the tree, wlncli proved to be quite solid, and evidently was not the hiding-place of Flatlock's hoardings. Several other trees were then selec ted by1, the - energetic money-hunter, with a similar result. The more likely angles of - the wall were next subjected toAa rigjid examination but Hookey . \- /V -... - "Here, Bill, you'd better take a turn now with the spade. I. can't hit. the right spot from memory. I wish the ghost would turn up and do the 'sign post' business again. You'd better try your luck while I keep sentinel on tlie road." - In response to Hookey's jerked-out sentences Gasland jumped into the gar den; and, with the former ' on the look-out for chance strangers, the', search was continued for another half- hour or more, but nothing of import ance was brought to light. Half the garden had been "turned over, and the only parts left undug were the open beds. These were then subjected to the joint attacks of Gasland's spade and an old crowbar which Hookey had discovered near the outhouses. The sky was gradually becoming overcast, and as there appeared to be no possibility of interruption, , tho watch on the thoroughfare outside was given up, while both men set to work in real earnest in order to finish their work of excavatiou during the short space of time at their disposal. Knowing that they would have no op portunity later oil, of prosecuting their search, the two- worked like veritable, demons, until there was hardly a square foot of garden left for examination. The clock from the village boomed out the hour. It- was considerably later than Hookey imagined. Mutter ing sundry condemnations on every body in general, and oil the memory of old Flatlock and' the ghost in par ticular, he climbed the wall, aud made for home, followed by his equally dis gusted partner. "It's a bit awkward," said Bill Gas- laud, as he took the arm of his chum, "that we should have spoilt- our chances of having another look round by leav ing the traces of our search, but- I've no 'doubt there's nothing to be found on Johnson's premises. Mark my word, though, I should say the swag's on the outside of t-lie wall all tho time, and as soon as old J. will have forgotten about the turning over of his 'garden, we'll make another inspection— that as, if the spook doesn't give the tip away to someone else." A few days after the nocturnal ex cavations in Johnson's garden had taken place, the mystery was suddenly cleared up by old Johnson himself.' He had been imbibing himself somewhat freely, and, finding himself in a rather more communicative frame of mind than usual, he let out the secret to a friend of the midnight adventurers. "It wasn't a bad rase of mine," ho said, the garden was running just about wild, weeds everywhere. I| couldn't attend to it; the rheumatism kept me indoors, but the place had to be dug .over, and I just tried the trick as a spec'. The white sheet and the laths did the work well. I remembered something -about the Tlatlock' yarns, and I reckoned that Hookey, when he had to come by after the 'pub' was closed, would see the guy and take the hint. He saved me a week's work in a single night, aud it won't take long now to level the ' plots and get- the plants in." ! - The story soon . spread, and became the general topic of conversation in the village. The necessary consequence followed, and it was not until a con siderable period of tune had elapsed that Hookey and his cliuin Bill Gasland were able, to escape the persecution whicli tlicy had brought uppn them selves by their midnight search after- Flatlock's imaginary hoard. - 