Pith and Point Habit, if not resUted, soon becomes neces sity.— St. Augustine, -Censure is tbe tax a man pays to the public for being eminent.— Swift. A fan with a little ear-trumpet attached Ib tbe lalest device to aH-the deaf. There is jnany a sprinkling csrt that Is a needless, leak la a ctty's treasury. A rich gold lode in Cblorado, wMch was ??' found. ' . -r Example Is more forcible than precept. ' People look at my six dayB tp see what I mean on the seventh. A woman In Vlncennes, Ind., shot her husband the other day because he would ' not allow her to go to Sunday school. Snakes In South America fear the secre tary bird, and will even crawl.'Away . from its shadow. Tbis bird can easily tbrasb a bird twice its sue. ,?».., .. While In England potatoes are grown almost entirely as an esculent,, about .4,000,000 tons are annually used in France Id tbe manufacture of starch and alcohol. Fashionable women are designing their own Jewellery Just now, and they have some very pretty ideas. Cheap-working jewel lers, ' bandy' men, are much in request. Until 1871 there were no shad in Pacific waters. In that year a few thousand were Introduced by the United States Fish Com mission. Last year the eaten sold for nearly £8000, . . It Is asserted that M. Rhigl; of Turin, lias succeeded In producing and photograph Ing ' the globular lightning whose exist ence has been so long doubted by scient ists.' It bas been said that nowhere 1b tbe world are gathered together so many stately, beautiful, and ? well-dressed women as Covent Garden during tbe grand opera sea son. A man's own conscience Is his sole tri bunal ; and he should care no more for' that phantom ' opinion' than he should fear meeting a ghost if he crossed the church yard at dark. The report of the Chicago Public Library shows that 1,173,586 volumes were' circu lated during the year ending 1st June, which breaks tte world's record lor free, circulat ing libraries. : Queen Victoria rules over more Moham medans than the Sultan of Turkey, over more Jews than there are in Palestine, and over more negroes than any otber Sovereign who is not a native of Africa. The robes worn by the Speaker of the House of Commons are Identical witb the Judicial costumes of tbe Master or the Rolls, an office wbleh in former years was fre quently united with the Speakership. If the secret history ot books could be written, and the author's private thoughts and meanings noted 'down alongside of bis story, how many. insipid volumes would be come interesting, and dull taie» excite the reader. It is rumoured that Max Nordau is tbe author of a book which Js soon to be pub lished, entitled ' How Women Love.' In this volume the author will attempt to present by romance his Idea of woman's love. Lady Oeorgiahna Grey, aunt' of Earl Grey, is nearly 100 years ot age, but, though sue is^jiot very brisk upon her legs, man ages to keep informed on politics and tbe talk of the day by having guests to dinner almost every night. A preacher at Swedeburg, In Nebraska, has got himself into trouble by an alleged hypnotising of a young woman and a re fusal to waken her. The girl - says she suffers great agony in consequence when ever there is a thunderstorm. Dr. H. H. Hale, of Detroit, carries a walk ing-stick the intrinsic value of which is £000. It was presented to him some years ago by friends in Edinburgh. It is orna mented with gold and jewels, and the bead contains a fine chronometer. Tbe tea always used by. the Queen is bought from a quaint old-fashioned. shop in Pall Mall. Earl Grey recommended the blend to her Majeety, and it Is known as ' Earl Grey's mixture.' Wherever she goes a stock of tbe tea— like her bed stead— accompanies her Majesty.' The Queen made her will just about twenty years ago. It is engrossed in vel lum, quarto size, and is bound as a volume, secured by a private lock. When tbe Prin cess Alice died in 1878 modifications of tbe bequests were rendered necessary, and in the summer of 1884, after the Duke of Albany's deatb, further revisions were made. Miss Ellen Terry (says tbe ' Magnet Maga zine') Is a great sufferer from neuralgia, ana her nervousness is apparent to every one on . the stage. Among her friends, too. It is wetl known, and when she Is dining out it Is a very ordinary occurrence for her to leave tbe table when dinner is about half over. She retires to a dark ened room, and rests on a- couch for ten or fifteen minutes, at the «nd ot which time she returns to tbe dinner, table. During tbe reign of James I. . England's first newspaper was born. May, 1622, seeing the first issue of the ' Weekly Newes.' Notwithstanding that it was Illy received, its editor, Nathaniel Butter, lived by the business for eighteen years. The venture was the outgrowth of a custom among tbe country gentlemen to pay some writer In London for ' news letters,' and Mr. But ter's brave attempt was merely the printing regularly for tbe -general public that which before had been written in a desultory manner for the private individual. A girl can tell when a man Is really in love with her long before his lordship can sum up courage to admit of a verbal confes sion. UU eyes will wander towards her at table ; he will profess a profound liking for tbe dishes she affects ; be will admire her water-colour sketches In spite of the fact that her brothers call them weak and splashy ; the colours that she wears are perfection, yet he has ih» utmost difficulty in telling pink from' heliotrope. All these and a hundred more little things betray him. ? ' The Wheels of Chance' Ib the first work of fiction in which the cycle supplies the central motive. The lover aud the heroine meet1 and knake acquaintance on wheels. ..Tbe elopement *ith tbe villain takes place on wheels, .and after Jhe villain bas been unmasked there Is a rescue on wheels by the lover. Instead of a flight on galloping horses, tbe pair speed down an English- road at midnight on two bi cycles. The Wcycle appears In 'almost all ot the Illustrations, and the characters are seen In cycling costumes. 