A WEIRD TALE OF MAGIC. Tho steamship was moving slowly along the Gold Ooaet. Tho passengers woro lying about in deck chairs and wero gazing lazily out from under tho shade of double awnings aorosa the glittering water at tho long coast lino, which unrolled itself like a panorama beforo them, Long lines of yellow beach, wlioro tho Atlantic rollers broko in sheets of snowy foam, low bluffs crowned with great cotton wood trees, cluatera of nativo huts lying be neath the shade of feathery palms, roaring surf-covered bar and river mouth, all came into sight, and disappeared as the steamer rolled along, until, lying somo distance be hind tho coast among what appeared to bo miles of mangrove swamp, a lonely flat topped mountain rose in view. Tho summit could bo plainly seen against the blue tropic sky, but the upper slopes wero covered with wreaths of mist, which was strange, as tho rest of the landscape lay ; sharp and clear in the sunlight. j ' That must bo tho Ghost Mountain, our | black passengers tell us tho strange tales i about. By tho way, you promised to tell us j about the time you went to the top, Com- j missioner,' said tho Doctor, turning to Dis- | trict Commissioner Oddy, who lay back in a i cane chair. The latter was a slightly made, spare man, | ?who was returning .homo invalided, haggard and yellow in faco from the climate and , fovor, but still showing by the flash of his ' eye and the firm mouth traces of onergy and ' decision.. He turned to the doctor and answered : : ? ' Yes, I lived — and several times nearly died — in sight of it for throe years, but al though I oneo tried I did not get to the top, and never wish to try again. The natives aay no one.but a Ju Juman ever reached the summit and lived.' - Hero tho passengers drew in their chairs ; to listen, and the Commissioner continued: 'It was some twenty years ago that Jovons, a trading agent, and myself sat out on tho verandah of my house, smoking an after- ' dinner cigar. It had been a trying day, as hot as lire, and at night it was if possible worse; tho inside of tho room resembled an . oven. Outside, however, a faint breeze stirred, bringing with it the usual smell of burning wood, orange flowers and lilies, mixed' with the foul odours of mud and1 swamp, and although there was considorablo risk of fever, it waB just possible to breathe , there, which you couldn't do inside. ' After we had smoked a while in silence Jevons stretched, out his hand, and pointed across the miles of dense forest and man grove swamps that lay beneath tho bright moonlight, opening out here and thero to show the glistening surface of a broad river reach, or tl»e foul black mud of a tidal lagoon, to where the Ghost Mountain stood out clearly against the sky, with a silver oloud of mist wrapping its lowor slopes. ' When Bhall we climb that wonderful mountain, Oddy?' I '' Oh, whenever you wish ; to-morrow, if ? you like,' I answered. We were both young, and with my head full of varied information in tho departmental books, I thought I knew everything about Africa and its natives. .' I have changed my mind since, and am just beginning to learn a little now — while jevons, a burly, red-faced Englishman, waa firmly convinced tnat -there was nothing worth knowing except how to make 25 per cent, profit for his firm by cheating the natives. ' We both of us laughed at the super stitions concerning the mountain, so, hov-, ing decided to go, I called for my Bhanty boy, blew my whistle for Sergeant Amun and Kossoo,' fur there were ten ' Haussas ' attached' to tho station. ' A few moments later the two ' Haussas ' who are, as you know, Mohammedan black troops, entered. Eino, tall men they wero, from tho far interior, with features much finer than those of the coast tribes, dreBsed in brown Karki uniform and red fez. While they stood at attention, I told the boy to have two hammocks and eight hearers ready by sunrise on the morrow. ' At this he urged us to abandon the idea, saying that for 400 years no one but a Ju Ju priest had ever reached the summit without dying or losing his reason shortly afterwards. However, we both laughed at any ' super Btitious idea,' and turning to tho black ser geant, I said: ' ' Are you afraid to go, Amun V ' ' Mountain be great Ju Ju, sail ; no good to meddle with the fetish of the heathor; but where Commissionah go, Amun and Kos soo go to, even though the mountain bo full of devils,' waB the faithful fellow's answer. That is the naturo of the Mohammedan. Treat him fairly and feed him well, and ho would follow you through Hades. ' We started at daybreak the next morn ?? ' . , ing, travelling as far as we could in our ham mocks, with plenty of black carriers, until the bush became so thick that we had to go on foot. ??.-' I remember the morning well, the bright sunshine and brillant flowers whero tho _Z. forest was thinner, and the solemn dimness und wreaths of- mist that liiy around tho trunks whero the great branches met above us, every tree festooned with hanging creep ers. We did not know then that this mist might mean quick death, and that the smell of an African forest, half aromatic and half ?repulsive, was generally full of fever. \- ? ' On we went, winding in and out among the trees, now crossing a clear space, and again cutting ourway with matchots through thorny bushes, until, when night came, we camped beside a little creek, and I lay awake until dawn, listening to the rustling of leaves and the voices of the fore6t, and watching the fireflies flashing in the grass. ' fn tho morning we made an early start, and, after a hard day's march, climbing and stumbling among mangrove roots, several times nearly losing our lives in tho pools of fathomless mud that abound in these parts, 4 we camped at sunset under the mountain it self. Dividing us from it ran a broad, shal low stream, rippling pleasantly over a sandy bed, only to lose itself lower down among the rottenness and slimo of a mangrove swamp. The moon shono brightly on the water, and in the bush around us not a leaf stirred, but tho mountain in front lay wrapped in a dark cloud of mist, out of which wo could hear tho rustling of trees and the moaning of a night breeze. Our bearers, in spite of tho liberal pay promised them, showed signs of making off, declaring that none of us would return alive, and it waa only by threats that we could induce them -to remain. ' When dawn came wo forded the stream, and just aB wo stepped out of the wator camo upon two tall wands of scented wood, driven into tho sand, each carrying a white cloth dipped in blood. This was ouo of the Ju Ju marks, and where it is sot up with the proper ceremonial you migHt lay all you possessed thero, and no nativo would daro to touch it. ' As we passed Jevons, out of wantonness, ? and with some silly remark about ' pu'ling up nigger Buperstitionn,' snapped one of the stakes across his kneo, and set the pieces floating down the stream. I at once turned upon him nngiily. ' ' What did you do that for ? You fool. look at the earners; you'll soethoy will all bolt nowi worse frightened than ever.' ' ' Lot of silly niggers !Let them bolt,and we'll go on alone, eh, Kosaoo r'lio said,turn ing to tho Houssa. ' ' Whether they be sticks or Btones, I know not, said the latter.in his own tongue, a little of which I knew, ' but it is not good to insult thogods of the heathen,' and by this timo I know ho was right. I was a little un comfortable, for I noticed tho carriers mut tering ono to another, and looking at my companion in a threatening manner, but wo induced them to go on by drawing our re volvers, and the climb continued. ' While the sun shone over tho forest be low us, the mountain sides wero coverod with white mist, which soaked our clothes and seemed to go through to the bone, and, whilo wo could feel no air in our face3, we could hear tho trees overhead swaying and rustling in the breeze. Tho lower slopes were oozing with water and mud, so that our upward march was .difficult and dismal, especially as we had to cut our way through thorny bushes und masses of trailing plants most of the time. Up we went, struggling, through swamp and brake, until toward afternoon I noticed my companion got strangely quiet, and had a flushed, swollon look about liis face, which 1 did not like. tVhen we stopped a few minutes for breath, I said : ' ' What's tho matter, Jovons ? Are you ill ?' but I only got a surly 'No ! go on,' for an answer, and we continued our way, and by 6 o'clock were somo half way up the mountain. 'Hero we found a littlo clear space, strewn with a few largo flat rocks, and as tho bearers had brought some dry wood from the forest below wo mado a fire and prepared to camp. Once or twico I noticed Jevons stag ger as he moved about arranging tho simple meal, and at last I made him sit down and leavo it alone. Whilo this was going on, what little light there was faded away, and an intense darkness closed around us. My friend ato nothing, but drank some of the spirits and quinine I gave him, and then said: ' ' I don't know what's the matter with mo ; my head's on fire, and I can't hold my self up. Some one must have poisoned me — or something. I'll go to sleep.' ' Wrapping him in his waterproof sheet, I placed somo baggage under his head, and sat down beside him. ' ' Amun and Kossoo,' I said, ' I'll watch half tho night— you sleep.' Then I throw more wood on the fire, and began my lonely vigil. 'Overhead ths trees swayed and rustled and a chill wind drove in my face, while fan. tastio wreaths of mists drifted across tho fire light. Tho red glow fell on my companion's face, and I saw how flushed and distorted it was, while he moved uneasily in his sleep, and murmured from time to timo. Drifting out of the darkness came tho moan ing of tho wind, and the myriad voices of the forest, and 1 listened until at last my eyes closed, and I foil asleep. ' After dozing uneasily a littlo I heard a weak voice calling me.and, rising to my feet, saw Jovons trying to raiao himself. Hastily running across to him, I raised his head, and he gasped out: ' ' I don't know what it can he, but I feel I'm dying. Hold my hand; don't leave me,' and then his head fell back on my knee. ' Calling Amun, I told him to bring some more wood, and to rouse one of the bearers, and for the littlo while he was away in the darkness I felt 3trangely desolate. In a few minutes he returned. ' ' The Sliantee men all line for go away,' he Baid; ' only Amun and Kossoo hero. Where officer man live, thero be Haussa man.' Then he made up the firo and sat close behind mo. ' I shall never forget the horror of that dismal night, sitting by the glow of the fire, watching the flickering shadows as I held my dying comrade's head on my knee. The mist drove past me in wreaths, chilling me through with its clammy touch, while all around the branches swayed and rustled 'as the wind swept through tho trees, and at intervals tho snort of tho leopard seeking his prey sounded through the forest. Jevons moved uneasily at times, and clutched my hands, but never recovered consciousness, and when at length tho weary night paBsed, and the dim light of dawn camo flittering through the branches, I saw with horror that he was dead. ' Abandoning all our luggage, we three started to retrace our stops, attempting the almost, impossible task of carrying the body of, our comrade with U3. All day wo strug gled downhill, through mud and thorny thicket, tearing our clothes to ribands, and at times getting a nasty wound ourselves, al ways in the same oloud of clammy mi6t. I alternately shaking with the fever, which now attacked me, and abusing our cowardly carriers for deserting us. Toward evening i wo reached tho stream which separated the [ mountain from the mangroves, and hero wo flung ourselves down, and, with pains in every limb, and with my blood like liquid fire, I lay till morning in the burning grip of fever. ' When daylight camo I could scarcely stand alone, and, aB to carry the body any further was impossible, nothing could be dono but to scrape a shallow hole in the sandy strip by the river and lay it there, at the foot of thetwoJu-Ju wands; for when wo returned the missing ono had been replaced. ' All that day, with swimming head and useless limbs, I leaned on tho shoulders of my faithful followers, and, half carried and' half staggering, manogod to get through tho awful tract of mangroves, black mud and swamp, which we had to cross. Struggling along half conscious late tliat night, wo reached the spot whero tho hammocks had been left, and although they wero worn out with fatigue, the two staunch Haussas took me up, and, travelling along tho clear path, we camo staggering into the Compound at dawn — two haggard, tottered bearere, and an unconscious man. ' For ton days I lay botween life and death, and then slowly recovered.' ' Did your friend show symptoms of ma laria ?' asked tho doctor. ' I have seen many men dio of fovor, but none like that,' answered tho commissioner, ' but from that day I have carefully avoided any insult to tho nativo FetiBh. ' I can give you no reasons, and can only say with Ham let, ' There aro more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy,' And if you wish to know all the strange thiiigs thathappenintho African forests you must spend your lifo among them.' 