REGRET. <By Madge Barlow, In "Glasgow Weekly Herald.") CHAPTER I. ' '"Ella!" \ The tone was sharp, but Uto tremor In the mun's voice showed mental Buffering. Suffering that was not less keen because it hid beneath a cloak of pride nnd scorned to parade iLself before the eye of another, and that other the woman who had called It Into being. This was his first repulse, his first heart-pang, and ho was all unprepared for It. He had been bo confident of victory; so full of satis faction with himself and the whole world. She was only a girl in years, but she looked like a woman who had left girlish Joys behind and found the hidden Hcrious- ZM.VH of life. In the pale gravity of her face the deep, clear eyes shone stead fastly. They held a purpose, and If the lines graven around the mobile lips spoke truly there was plenty of determination to carry It out. Ella Trentc was no weak- willed creature to be turned aside from the path she had chosen hy a man's fretful pleading. "Don't speak ns if I were altogether contemptible," .she said with a faint rjnlle. "You have naked me to be your wife, and I have refused as gently as I could. You should not blame me." ' "Perhaps not." "And I am sorry to give you pain, Ralph, but in time It will pas away and you will forget." "Spare me your platitudes," he replied, grimly. "At lejist let me remember that you were honest. I want no fictitious sympathy." "And 1 offer none. Between old friends candor Is best." He leant hi elbows nn the table, and glared moodily nround the dull little studio at the unfinished picture on the easel, at Ihe completed ones thnt occu pied the wall-space, ut the artist's para phernalia scattered here ami there, and his eye were darkly resentful. He liad 3i" love of art. One picture was as good its another to him. They were only daubs «>f paint over which U wus the fashion to wax enthusiastic, and the sublime work of a master hand stirred no responsive chord in his Inner self; neither did the crudest amateur effort offend lilm. It uwoke a mild sense of lite ridiculous. That .was ail. Now positive hatred begun lo Lake the place of indifference. The dumb canvas wan hi rival. For the joy to l»e found Jn the exercise of her genius, and In the pursuit of that elusive wlll-o'-lhe-wlsp ctflled Fame, Ella had given him up, and bidden him speak no more of love. As If the really believed that he could remain Jier friend, und see her day after day, and discus commonplace topics with her In the dlsmu) poky Hut among the chim ney-pots, and never utter the burning .words thnt would surely rise to his lips In spite of his cfforL to keep them back. JOh, no. She usked too much. "I suppose appeals are useless," he said, breaking a silence during which she had been soberly waiting for developments. >'You are going to devote your .fresh youth, a lifetime maybe, to nrt. It comes ifimt in your thought and aims. I and the love offered to you and the happiness lying at your feet ure sacrificed to this Moloch, lest we should interfere with the winning of a fame that may never be yours. Dear, do not choose rashly. Take H few days to consider." "It would not alter my decision one bit. "When tho dream becomes an accom plished fact it will be time enough to think of— these other things." "By that time," said Ralph, dryly, "I may have changed my mind." "And wc shall !>e friends, just as we were before you got Idiotic notions Into your head," she cried, gaily. "I should like that better than anything else, Ralph. .You were a. good comrade always, and .we pulled together splendidly. Didn't wc?" "Splendidly," he echoed. "And now you have turned disagreeable ami spoiled the whole evening." I!e held his pence, nnd said something forcible and appropriate In the secret depth of hi heart, where Ella could not hear It. "Why on earth do you want to marry me?" flhb demanded. "I am not the leust bit pretty. Am I?" "No," he replied, bluntly. "You are not pretty. Did f ever say you were?" "Never, Ralph. Your brotherly frank- nes wns, and is, refreshing." "Another chap would dip ids tongue In honey, and swear you rivalled Venus, hut I can't pay you silly compliments, Jt Isn't my way." . She smiled and nodded. . "That's why I chose you for a friend. You were so different from the rest. You seemed to know my moods hy Intuition, and when I needed petting, or sym pathy, or Just u scolding, you used to talk straight lo me pretty often, and In stead of resenting It, I listened meekly. Ralph, you were a privileged person." "Waal?" "Yes, sir." Hlie moved over the easel nnd lifted her brush, hut he took It gent ly from the unwilling fingers, and some thing In the expression of his face brought a troubled flush to hers. lie was going lo go back to the question that hud rudely disturbed their serenity. How purslslcnl he was! How unrea sonable! , "Ella, 1 must hnvc u definite answer." i "l gave you one." . "Either I leave here to-night your ac cepted lover, or wo say good-bye, and part. Which Is it to be?" Tears welled to the grey eye, but Ihoy dkl not move him to pity. lTe was too angry und Indignant to feci compas sion for anyone outside himself. Her quiet determination vexed him griev ously, and a cloud of sullcnncHH settled on his brow. , "If you asked me to wait three years— Ave— I would do It," ho said, lu un in jured tone; "but you will not. You promise nothing." . "JJecuuse I want to bo perfectly free until — " . "Until your ambitious hopes arc real ised?" A scarcely repressed sneer uc- companicd the query. "Yes." ; "You do not count upon failure?". "I shall try to forget that there Is such a word." ' "Stronger than; you have been Worsted In the struggle. You were meant for simple fireside joys, Ella, not for the ranks of those who toll and fight. I understand you better than you undcr- Htuud yourself, und by-und-byc you will bo compelled to acknowledge thnt I spoke truly." . At the door he turned, and, taking the small forlorn figure In his arms, kissed the wurin Hps passionately. "When you grow tlrcij, send for me. T hall be close at hand," ho whispered. "But though I love you more thnn life, X will not come unless you bid me." ' "Where Is Ralph?" asked an old Indy, Who entered the room an hour later, and found the girl atone. "Gone home," sho replied, j "Have you quarrelled?" "Yes, and no, grannie. It takes two to make a quarrel, doesn't It? And I certainty controlled my temper. Ralph Js a dear fellow, but very obstinate." Time passed, and tho young artist 'drew near tho attainment of her heart's dcBirc. True to his word, Ralph Lester kept away from the little studio, and . though she missed him terribly, sho would not send for him, since that would mean tho relinquishing of her plans und the tactlt acknowledgment of defat. They met occasionally, .and their greetings were cordial, but she hod to steel herself against tho muto protest of his eyes, or, her firmness might havo given way. When success crowned her It would be sweet «to go to him and tell lilm that she had learnt love's lesson in the long, lonely days of labor, unbrlght- sned by the presence of. her more than friend. To lay her head on hts faithful breast and say that she was very weary and needed tho support of his strong arm, the help of his cheery \-- counsel. But fickle Fortuno tarried. For five years Ralph possessed his soul la patience. Then he sold she was hearc- to, und In bitterness of spirit he left the place, where the sight of her tortured him with thoughts of what might have been. Ella heard the new In riloncc, and grew ihlnner and paler as he worked nt her picture. It was for the Academy. Two hnd already been rejected, but through thl she expected to win renown nnd a public recognition of her gcnlu. Somehow, since they told her nf his de parture from London, inspiration flagged, and her hand seemed to have lost its cun ning. The unexpected shock preyed upon her health. Often her eyes were wet with causeless tears, and In the dim night watches regret, like an unquiet ghost, stood beside her pillow and banished sleep. She was beginning to find out that she had suffered an Irreparable loss. 