WXE^&BTk.; By J.O.B. On hearing that public works for the Sydney unemployed were to be opened at Wyong the farmers of the vicinity commenced plucking their oranges. There may have been no necessary connection between the two events, or, at least, they may not have baa for each otner tne relation ship of cause and effect. But when unrips fruit is garnered immediately before the advent of strangers, it would be unwise to disregard the inference. With a Government stroke during the day and an orangery to exploiter at night it is little wonder that the city applicants for the Wyong job should be as the army of Xerxes. We have it on the best authorities that it is pleasant to sit under your own fig-tree. But, compared with sitting under your neighbour's orange tree and reaching out, it is as ' Boxand Cox ' to the ' School for Scandal.' The bucolic mind has been accused of slowness. Still, when the question is one oi inductive ratiocination involving orchards, Bacon himself would have to stand back and take his hat off. * * * * La6t week's Sydney, sensation occurred in the city's most frequented reserve. Outside some newspaper offices the ominous healing ran : — ' Cdw in Hyde Park. Several narrow escapes.' Prompted by the spirit of curiosity that is never entirely absent from the female of any species, it appears that the mammal in question, observing the park indifferently protected, took it into her head to vary the sameness of existence by seeing what was going, on. She was evidently dis appointed, or she'd never have tried to put matters right by tossing the proprietors over their own vreea. me meinou mcimaieiy empioyea w remove her was a fine example of finesse. Several quiet cows were driven through the pars, and when they debouched from the other side she was found undemonRtratively wedged in the middle. Bat it was the journalistic heading that first riveted my attention. For, somehow, it reminded me of what I once saw outside a Dublin office : ?' Dreadful accident on the Limerick railway — two children drowned.' Even in startling announcements the colonial is cot in it. « * * v- At Deniliquin, the proprietor of a travelling merry-go-round gave a night's takings, £11 4s, to the local hospital. Should this be an ordinary evening's receipts it is little wonder that the owners of these ingenious machines can afford to keep steam organs and automatic pianos attached to their restless chattels. Indeed, with Buch incomes the public would be justified in demanding a full orchestra. With the piston manipulating the big drum, it ig certain that evec the most vigorous Salvationist: jwrf c uner would obtain a fresh insight into the t ,pabiiities of his attractive instrument. But the chance? are that, on tbe foregoing' occasion, the Deaiiiqnin folk rolled tip ou aeootmt of the object. To ride & gaily caparisoned oharger in a circling cavalcade, and know that whether you stick ou cr fall off you are helping the afflicted., is but one remove from beatitude. Charity covereth a multitude of sins, and is none the worse because you insist on getting something for your money — if only a ride on a merry-go-round. » ' * -?:?? ? * An interesting police case will soon be tried at Otahd (N.Z.). A person has been summoned for cutting off more than o&e-fonrth; of his sheep's ears. It is idle for him to say the shears slipped. It certainly might once or twice ; but it would bo hard to convince even an Otaki Bench that it could slip right through the nock. The boast of all true Americans in Lincoln's day was that every free citizen could wallop his own nigger. But we're stepping on far and fast when a person can't nip off more than a quarter of his sheep's ear. Britons were not always so mealy-mouthed, for once in Glasgow a toweled person presented' himself at a tobacconist's with a request to know tbe approximate cost of as much nail-rod as would reach from one ear to the other. ' A shilling,' promptly replied the tradesman. ' It's a bargain ' came in a pronounced Clare brogue from the other side of the oounter. ' Here's wan, an' the other is on the gaol door in Cork.' * ♦ * * The proposal to close fruit shops on Sunday, thus depriving the poor man of his ginger beer, will not fail for want of advocacy. Unfortunately, ita advocates are occasionally intemperate, and not aeliom illogical. One of the most prominent Bees no reason why the poorest person with a penchant towards apples, oranges, an! lemonade could not lay in a* etock of these stimulating articles on Saturday sights. But what about Sunday visitors to Sydney ? Are they to wheel fruit carte from their distant homes, picking up mineral waters eu route ? Again, this uncompromising Sabbatarian withers an opponent with : — ' ThiB is the old stock argument, but not up to the present-day intelligence.' Still, there are many ' old stock arguments ' which present-day intelligence' is always welcome to try its teeth upon, e.g., that the base angles of isoceles triangles are equal ; that you'd have to try ever so v long. before finding a shorter cat than a right line between two points, . and that a certain number of beans scientifically distributed meant five. It is useless to say an argument is old, bo long as you can't upend it. IPresent-day intellfenca^ especially amongst Sabbatarians, ig, no doubt, subtle. But the past is not quite a blank. There were great men eveu before Agamemnon. - « ? * « From Seville (immortalised by Ingoldeby in ' The Ghost ') comes news that a riot- arose through the trams interfering with a bull fight. As the report curtly observes : — ' The malcontents were only silenced by buliete.' There's nothing like a bullet for silencing a person if it meets him ia the right place, or making him abusive if it catches him in the wrong. I well remember tripping over a. man of the 12th Regiment of the line — one of the few British infantry corps preient when E'iza stood on the wood-crowned heights of Minden — and of observing that he was down i with a smashed knee-cap from a Maori ballet at Rangariri. ' The recording angel that blotted out Uncle Toby's oath with a tear would have required a bucket to obliterate the Rtains left on I the celestial defaulters' -book by this demonstrative ' pin-pin ' of the ' troupes de ligne.' He | declared with unnecessary emphasis that he was ? I prepared to welcome amputation if somebody ; would only re-charge his rifle (those were the old 1 muzzle-loading days) so he might have a parting shot at the black ? on top of the circum- | vallating mud wall. Yes, for renderiug a person f, quiet or noisy the bullet still holds the belt. ) Depends on where you hit him. ? ♦ * At the instance of S. G. M'Laren, Presbyterian Ladies' College, the ' Melbourne Argus ' pub blishes tbe (presumably) worst stanzas on which Professor Marshall Hall was condemned. Voila:— No more as of old high heroical poems resound Totbemifhty immutable Godde-s of laughter aod lore; Her temples are silent, within them are other gods crowned, 'Wearier, gloomier gods, in whom never mirth throne. This is the very worst. Assemble, tumble up, ye bad shades who in life gave us the Meta morphoses, the ' Odes,' Pucelle, Juan, Le vricLuet auu vutuy eeixipn.erua,i imugti. oao wuai we're coming to in Australia through low living and high thinking ! Consider what would befall your vigorous offspring in Melbourne to-day when poor Hall's one ewe lamb was strangled before it could walk. You, yourselves, would h&vcbeen; ridden on a rail through SwanstOD-street and bumped into the Yarra at the instance of outraged morality. Said Coleridge (no bad judge) :— ' A young man whose heart or feeling can be injured, or even his passions excited by this novel (' Tom Jones') is already thoroughly corrupt.'* And the young person, male or female, who would be any the worse for stanza.1? like the fore going—. ♦ * 4, Before tbe Sydney Institute oi- Bankers, Colon'?' Beil, tha observant Cc-esu} for tl-a United States. dv'H- hgt Tfctk on the Angio- Saxon. Thb destiny of thip fortunate ind-viaual (the A. S.} ! appeare to be a high one. He is to 'boss' i creation. AU down the &k.;'e8 hutnantir Las beau wc.lkiug about with a knits uiul fork stuck in it and demanding to be eaten. The Anglo-American carver has at last; come along and gripped the situation. On one or two points suggestions might be diffidently offered the gallant Colonel. He said :— ** In 1800, only 20,000,000 spoke oui language, now 120,000,000.' Snrely, it would be more correct to say that only about 1,000,000 spoke it. What the balance speaks, goodnesf only knows, except that it's not English. Again, evolution deals with language as with everything else in the Cosmos, Should the Consuls shade strike this pkoet- 2000 years heactt it will not hear English spoken. That tongue will have merged into new ones as the Latin into French, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, as the old Aryan into all the modern European dialects. Before the Bankers' Institute of 3900 a d. that shade might talk for hours and no one be a bit the wiser. - * * * * As for the Aryans, not only is their language lost but they are lost themselves. Nobody knows whence they came or whither they went. Indeed some recent anthropologists of an iconoclastic turn have not scrupled to eay there ' was never no Aryans at all ' — that the whole thing is a put up job, a scientific ' fake,' as unsubstantial at the late Mrs. Harris and designed to covei \- archaeological iguoracce. Once more, of the American 80,000,000 about two- thirds are reckoned to be from European deposits whict never passed through the Anglo-Saxon crucible As an example of how early prejudices haves tendency to render even far-seeing men occasion* ally myopic take the case of the German officer t who not long ago attended an Aldershot review. j ' Noddings but zecond 'and Jarmins ' was his ' brief comment. Strange, that the world had to wait till the cultivated people from the con tinental portion of the North Sea and Baltic littorals went over to Britain to point the way to a higher civilisation, having first pole-axed the Romanised Celts. Colonel Bell should read ; the French article by M. Brunetiere, in April's ' Quarterly,' in order , to see why the Anglo- , Saxon is so lored. . * . * * ?-? ! Truancy, colloquially known as ' wagging,' has forced itself so obtrusively to the Iron t in ? New South Wales that the authorities have at \ last determined to grapple with it. But the educational experfceat variance are all regarding the proper means to be adopted for squelching this juvenile tendency. Some are for demanding police aid, while others think the constable's presence would but complicate matters. The subject is by no means so simple as it seems, for ' sagging ' commenced in Eden and will only end when the heavens and the earth are rolled up as a scroll. No others ever had such opportunities in this line as onr first parents,- or made such . transparently disingenuous excuses. Look at the way they pretended they'd only gone into the bush to dress when the Master came round and called their names ! Why, a child would have ' tumbled ' to it. No wonder they were ex pelled. Just as stolen kisses are sweetest so a day's wagging makes tip for the month's fagging. 11 there's a moment of supreme bliss in life it is when you present a counterfeit excuse for the previous week'E absence and the teacher accepts it. Like tie bard, you may soar to purer fame, win the wise, become a policeman, a politician, I even a publican ; but you'll never again meet s joy so sweet is when the master tears up the note and teDB you to take your seat. The New South Wales officials don't know what they have before them. ? . ? * * In the controversy regarding ' Anglicanism ' in a metropolitan journal one correspondent gets in : — 'The long pent-up lava of religious enthusi asm will soon sweep away the Pompeii of Pharasaism and the Herculaneum of Humbug.'* Quite so. A little lower down appears : — ' What they (Australian Anglicans) want is a Savonarola.' Alas ! it is not one but many that would be re quire for Sydney alone. One batch might start at the Marble Bar and work north through Pitt street during the day, while the night 6hift took all the meridional thoroughfares from George to Elizabeth streets (including Hyde Park) by night. The bookmakers might give a little trouble at first on being obliged to ' ante up ' their jewellery as a preliminary to the higher life, while the Delilahs would certainly make a stand for their finery. Still a do-sen Savonarolas should go a long way towards the moral cleansing of the metropolis, provided the ' pushes ' didn't ' stoush ' them for pro -Boers during the first week. ? * * * It is rumoured that the proclamation of the Commonwealth Act will take place on January 1 next— i.e., the opening day of the 20th century, mangre Emperor William. An Act of Union was also proclaimed on that opening day cf the 19th siecle. One hundred years to the hour will separate the two measures, bnt it is to be hoped that a millennium will separate their results. Eather let us trust that the centrifugal forces still alive and active in the Home transaction will ever remain conspicuously absent from the Australian. 