AMdNG OUB CLASSICS. The literary quality of the "Encyclopaedia Britannlca" gives It rank among our classics.' The' wide knowledge and keen sense of the fitness that guide the editors to their happy clialce of specialists may be Illustrated by the mention ot one exquisite combination. Swin burne, on Keats, writes not offly with the riuthorlty .of scholarship, bpt with the even more distinctive authority of a peculiar sym pathy In' a common- craft. Some, Indeed, airiong contemporary writers may be said to ' hixve done' their most faultless work In tho pages 'of tho "Britannlca." Dean Forfar's article 'on tlie earthly life of Our Saviour' Is riot more than twenty thousand words In length, but Its concision brings out to the best advantage the remarkable qualities that made Illy' idllC Ul vllllal 9U UVbCl VUUIj CDlwCillCUt It Is tlie outcome of a full mastery tuned up to terse expression. Turning, to the article on Beranger. a delicate elaboration of phrase betrays the touch of Robert Louis Stevenson. When Cable writes on New Oi'li-ns the rea der need not he surprised to And in the ar ticle passages which have been quoted a hun dred times. For no writer, not even Dickens, sqems so sensitive to Impressions of places as tbe author of "Dr. Sevier" and "Old Creole Days." New Orleans Is not only Mr. Cable's home; It Is, as it were, his art. Andrew Lang again takes the key which his admirers most appreciate when he wrtes upon Mythology. No subject, unless It be ghosts (and Mr. Lang brings them before us under the heading "Ap paritions") lies closer to Mr. Lang's heart than folklore. With Ills lasting Interest In myths arid their origin, and his jvldo know ledge — he ranges frnm Greece to Polynesia— he puts before his readers a complete review of the comparative mythologies of civilised and savage peoples, and his critical faculty en ables him to present and -discuss with groat effectiveness the systems of Professor Max Mullet' and Mr. Herbert Spencer. Every con tributor to tho "Encyclopaedia Britannlca" Is a muster of his subject, and a master, too, of that method of treatment which best fits his subject. For oven the least picturesque nt sciences have a technique of style. The late Professor Cayley said that the value of a treatise on pure mathematics depends rather upon the order of Its statement than upon Its predictions: and his article on Functions shows tlmt even tho most abstruse discussions may display a beauty nf construction that brings their complicated formulae Into distinct relation to literary style. 