RAUNTING SPECTRES. AT FOREIGN COURTS. Rumors having been whispered in Aus- trian Court- cilcles-but which have assi duously been bushed up-of the aPlear ance thrice of the spectre which portends woe to the Imperial House of Hapsburg, the gliostly "Black Lady." in the corridor of the apartinents of the hapless Empress of Austria prior to her terrible death, some i reference to the sliectres of woe haunting the royal ftunilies of Germany and Austria may be of interest. En passant may be mentioned that. they are the supposed ghosts of departed ladies in "black," "white." or "'red" robes of theI Middle Ages, who are supposed to have suffered a terrible wrong at the hands of some an cestor, for, which they are casting a bane on the family. The best, known'of these ghostly appa.ri tions is the so-called "White Lady" of the House of IHohenzollern, which haunts the old royal residence in Berlin, and the 're peated appearance of which has been so oftimes corroborated by the 'most reliable witnesses that it can hardly be doubted. And here be it said that all thi three emperors of the century have firmly believed in its apparition when Death stalks the ancient halls of the House of the Brandenburg Ma-rkgrafs. This was even the case with the broad minded Emperor Frederick, who, it may be new to learn, was qt?lte'as superstitious as his father, and as, indeed, his matter of-fact son, William.IL This. apparition has at various times been seen at the Liour of midnight, dressed in a long white robe, flitting along the corridor of the chamber of death or sitting in the moon light in the recess of a window. When approached, as some bold servants have ventured to do, it rals-s its right hand with a warning gesture, pointing to the chamber in question, and disclosing a marble-white face of exquisite beauty and youthfulness, but with eyes and mien of despa r and woe. On the little finger of the right hand is a ring with blood-red stone of great lustre. It is said, too. .that the person thus warned will not see the year out. In the, present century there are several authenticated appearances of this - spectre, notably on the three nights preceding the death of the Kaiser WTilliam and if his son Frederick. On the latter occasion news thereof was in an instant brought to William II., who at once gave the most stringent orders to close all exits and make search everywhere in order to discover if it was some ill-timed bogus ghost; but of course nothing was run to earth by the terrified servants; and the Prince, with those concerned, then lknew that this noble life was fast ebbing away, and he died within an hour. The spectre is also reported to have appeared on the night before the then Crown Prince and Crown Princess's baby- boy and idol, Prince Waldemar', fell from the arms of his nurse through the open window of an upper story in the Berlin Schloss, and. was killed on the pavement below. It is, by the way. curious that the "White Lady" only appears at the death of a born Hohenzollern; for instance, there is no record of its having been seen at the death of the Empress Augusta. wife of the,Kaiser. Another gliost of the House,of.Hohen zollern of which" few have heard, is tlat of. a spectral, young, adid beautiful girl who haunts the old Schloss in Konigs berg, the former residence of the Mlark grafs of Brandenburg and the Electors of Prussia, where the crowning of the kings of Prussia also used to take place: and whereas the identity of the "White Lady" is' shrouded in mysteln. here we have a fairly reliable story to go upon. It is said that this sad-faced apparition is the ghost of a beautiful young maiden whose heart was already given to" an other, but who was forced into marriage with a . Brandenburg -Markgraf old enough to be her father, with the usual result. Love found a way to the rendezvous of the hapless couple: and 'information of the meetings coming to her lord's ears, he extorted from the terrified woman a confession of her guilt. Upon this the infuriated husband took a~ fearful re venge. The fiend in humaii'form ac tually had his erring wife immured in a secret passage leading to her .apart ments! For through this passage her lover had been wont to pass to and re tire from her boudoir ; so here the wretched wpman was starved to death, having been , furnished with food and drink for three days by-her husband, so as to prolong her fearful agonies! She might indeed have cause to haunt his family for all time! But. the most re markable p'art of the story yet remains to be told ; for the walled-up passage is shown to the present day, and many suggestions have been made to the rulers of Prussia to have it opened to ascer tain if this ghastly story- be true ; but all have 'met him with an emphatic re fusal, there being a record in the secret IHIohenzollern archives setting forth the facts of the tragedy, and inhibiting the opening by any descendants of the House. Indeed, when the late Em Deror Frederick was Crown Prince the local antiquarian society, knowing his broad views and antiquarian tastes, asked him to obtain the permission of his royal father to open the passage and learn the truth, to which the Prince readily consen ted. But he was doomed to disappoint ment, for the then king flatly declined the permission,' "for reasons only lnown to myself;" adding, "You" may do so wheen you ascend the throne and have read the true, record.". And, strange to relate, when the Princel had.ascended the throne the society reminded'him of the circum stances, but, to their great astonishment, received a curt refusal to have the secret of the fatal passage disclosed! The pre sent fin. de siecle Kaiser, too, has angrily refused permission; and he, like his pre decessors, has never slept at the haunted Schloss, in spite of-its being, so to speak, the cradle of his race. So that this awful tragedy still remains shrouded in mystery. Apropos of the superstitions of the -Iohenzollerns -superstitions, by the way, found in all ancient royal families, includ ing our own-the rulers of that House pos sess a talisman brought into it by a good spirit said to guard its destinies. This is the curious "black stone," to which is at tached .the following quaint tradition: THE BLACK STONE. Since the time of the Elector John Cicero, who flourished towards the end of the fifteenth century, eachi rule has been. wont, before his death: to hand to. his suc cessor a sealed packet..This contains a ring, in which is set a black stone said to have been dropped by a huge toad on the coverlet of a pr!ncess of the family just as sh# had given birth to a son. Frederick the Great found the ring in a cover, which also enclosed a memorandum, written by Frederick I., sthting Its value and its mode of transmission. Schneider, the librarian of T'illiaml L. 'declares-that he saw the packet lianded. by Geiling, -the treasurer, to-his royal master on his ac cession, and further asserts that he read his account' pf the talisman toithe Em peror, who fully confirmed it. The present" Emperor never fails to wear on all great occasions this queer old ring, and has, like: ev-eiy- Iohenzol lern, the deepest. resipect, fr the quaint ittle .jewel. : Frederick the Great's father had the black stone mounted as a ring and bequeathed it to his son, who be lieved. firmly in its value as a talisman, and many of- the documents of that time 'deposited in the archives at Berlin make allusion to it. TRE BLACK LADY OF WITTELS BACH.. But almost stranger and more. uncanny than the "White Lady" of woe of the I-ouse. of :Hohenzollern is the "Black Lady" of .ev!l omen to the House of Wittelsbach, the hapless insanity-tainted royal family of Bavaria: This weird spectre has been seen several times this century, walking the old family castles of N~miphenburg arid F rstenried,- the former now occupied by sdveral mem bers of . the family, and the latter by. the insane King Otto. But the "BlackE Lady'" differs from her "White" sister by not being a' "maiden yoing and beautiful," but of middle age, with a "sorrowful and care-worn face." As indciated, she wears a long black robe, trailing behind her, of medieval cut, and herx hair is white. This spectre is said to have been seen even' in broad daylight ! This occurred .three days before the sud den and Inexplicable death .of. King Maximilian II., and is vouched for by no less personage than his own wife, the late Princess .Marie of Prussia. It was at Schloss Furstenstein in the spring'of 1864 (of course, before the days of King Otto's affliction), when aM small luncheon party was one day given by for the late Land graf of Hesse-Cassel and his ivife. The meal was progressing merrily, when the Queen suddenly happened to look up, and, to her', intense astonishment, beheld, standing behind the chair of her husband, who was seated opposite her, .a lady robed in black; gazing 'sorrowfully at h-er. As quicklly, the vision vanished.. On re coverizig 'helerself she ftld' w-hat she' had seen, knowing nothing'of the dire tradi tion, when a dark shadow crossed the face of'her doomed spouse. He instantly rose and rushed to the door, which was screened with heavy curtains and guarded without by an officer and two sentinels. But, on angrily demanding who the "lady in black' they had'allowed to pass was. all three most emphatically denied that any living soul had entered. The King explained the mystery to the awe stricken party as~peing an hallucination of his weak-nerved wife. But ominous stories soon floated through the castle: Three days later, in the best of health, the King sthrted on his usual morning ride, and was sud denly taken ill. In three hours he was dead. His death was said to be caused by gastritis. "THE STARNBEREG MYSTERY." More creepy still is the story of the sentinel who died so mysteriously'on the night before the fearful tragedy on the banks of the Starnberg Lake, when the insane King Louis II., while out walk ing,.first drowned his faithful physician, Dr Gudden, and, then proceeded, as was afterwards shown, into deep water and drowned himself. The unhappy soldier stated that he ~as on duty at midnight in the King's corridor, when he sud denly beheld in the moonlight a dark figure moving along at the other end and descending the stairs leading down into the courtyard. Nothing daunted at the' weird apparition, he rushed up and challenged, "Who goes' there " But no response came, the'figure descending and the soldier follow\ing. When he reached the bottom step he saw the figure in full moonlight glide across the courtyard towards the chapel, where it turned round; and, failing to get an answer, he fired at it. ' But, the gun exploded in his hands with fatal results, and he had barely time to tell his Strange adventure to the alarmed guard before he expired. The appearance of this spectre is also shrouded 'in deep mystery. "THE RED LADY." Such is also the case' with the "Red Lady" said to haunt the old Schloss at Darmstadt, which, according to report, was last seen .on the tragilo death of Princess Alice. But there is no rumor of Its having been seen prior to the death of her husband.' Finally, it should be mentioned that the "White Lady" of the House of Hapsburg is positively said to have walked the coiridors of 'the Hof burg near the Crown Prince Rudolf's apartments 'on the three nights preced ing the awful Meyerling tragedy.-"Cham. bers's Journal." 