CHRIST I -THE MH3ST By -JOSEPH PARKER, D.D. . They found him sitUng in the midst o 'tbhe doctors.-Luke iii, 46. : Where is the midst? . Is this a gametrical' term. signifying tho.centre;'A loal cts?ro - measurable centre? ,What Is in' the mi-st, ofr . this house? .The light. The light dll x11 " paoce and takes up the room of no man.. Its glory fills arl space, and welcomes every !it:te child. The lamp may be in the centre. but not light? There is a cectre, and therae s an ^tiv-' energetic penetlatlon which: C!ru'acs Cwithin the whole circumference and beyond, it. fdr circumference is a geometricl term. ýshat is in the midst? The fragrance. The rose is in the middle; the fragrance Is in ite midst. To - build your great walls, and erclcso Tour bcauti ful rosaries, so that no man outside can see the beautiful flowers. But there are come ill kept children outside the wall who suddenly say to one another, What is it? They ore the flowers--roses. Where are they?" The roses are on the other side of the wall. But the. fragrance climbs the wall, falls down on the other side, and blesses the wayfarer. The rose is in the centre; the fragrance is in the midst And so with my Lord the Redeemer: Hie is not in a locality, measurable and fixed, but, as we shall see, as our texts come to one another and gather into a glorious culmination, that Jesus is not local but universal-a pr:pitation, not for our sins only, but for the sins of the whole world. The world cannot bold Him The universe incommodes His infinity. He is above all things and before them, and above them and below them, and in them, and only begins to begin when we have been with Hit? in eternity or time. They found Him in the midst of the doctors. Just as near to each one of them as to all. In the'midst. The suggestion, therefore, is off penetrative, pervasive influence. Never forget the pervasiveness of great influence. It halts nowhere finally;' it goes its penetrating way-. on and on through all- the circles; :it wou:d Include all and bless all. -In the midst of the doctors-in the midst of learning, the rhild.o sophy, the highest civilisation of time; and Hef: is there still. In the midst of doctors-in the midst of expanding, refining and spiritual civi lisation. Ruling all things, He is not always: known. le could not always be identfied by name; but souls feel that there is something ghostly, spiritual, mysterious, not to be ac counted for in mere words--a weird, strange, personality and energy. Of course, every circle has i:s own mother tongue, and we do not want men to drop their own mother tongue, although we would teach them a richer and fuller lan guage. There are men who are still talking about discoveries: we do not obje.t to. the word-it is hartn:ess enough. There are h"ther men who wculd speak about the same subject under a. higher designation. There are some persons who are not afraid even in science to substitute the word "discovery" by the wored "revelation"-a light, a flash from heaven, an ansner unexpected, but all- satisfying. I would not take the word "discovery" away from men who really alppreciate and value it. It will do in the meantime. But I am not ashamed of the word "rey?:etion." I think all great ideas in science. ti chemistry, in mechanics, in civiJ sation, gcnerally come down from the Father of Light I should not. therefore, speak of discovery, but of revelation, nearer aspects of Providence. nearer gleams of infinite persona lity. Many a man meanwhile is satisfied wlth: the word discovery. I am not going to re gard him, therefore, as an infidel. Perhaps he may one day speak the higher language. Until then I pray God's blessing on him, that he may - be a patient, diligent, fearless student. There are not so many infidels as one might suppose. I do not know whether -there is a colufnn 'i the census schedule in which are recorded infl dels. 'I hope not; I think it would paralyse? any printer, such a word under such circum stances. Some people are more guided by Christ than they are really aware. They do not. realise the complete mystery of the situation. Once a man was healed, and he was going up, and down, talking about the cure, and the people said, "Who cured thee?" and he said, . "I know not His name." But he wandered into the Temple. and then a voice fell on h~s ear, such a voice as was never heard before, opening up a portal, a wondrous approach to the soul. Then the man knew that it was Jesus that had healed him. One day the visor will drop; the anonymous Leader will show His; Sface, and men will then know it *,as Jesus that. led the civilisation of the world. Even so, Lord Jesus, come quickly. "They crucified Him and the malefactors, one on the right hand, the other oaz the left." Jesus in the old place. the only place, the eternal place-JesuS in the midst of thieves. He was in the midst of doctors-He is still there:I He cannot be displaced; He lives everywhere, He lives In slumland:' inside th!ef-land: He lives among the thieves and the wrong-doers. "This man recetveth sinners," and to that your preaching must come, or, shut your doors again, andT throw away the golden key; and write "Icha- - bod" upon the facade of this edifice. Jesus. -in the midst of thieves. That cross could not have been otherw:se. There is a fixed geometry. - a fixed proportion, a perspective, aSn abiding: and unaltereb:e poetry and fitness of things. All this is represented by the cross in the midst. It could not have stood on either side. Jesus must he In the midst, or nowhere, per vading, interpenetrating, uniting all elements, forces, and ministries, and constituting an in finite redemption. We must leave Christ some place in His church, as we must leave God: some home for His Providence in the.world. We must not be too c:ever, we must not con- sume all the space, we must sit and be silent? and patiently wait for the incoming of tho King. 13e still and know that God is in all things. It would not do for "s to be ini the midst of thieves, because we have Emcthing that may be lost. It is a cloak. with buttons, and buckles; and a long cloak, and sometimes a fur cloak. That cloak is called respectabillty. That cloak may be lost. It would never do for you and me to go alone among the,thleves; but Christ can go. He can look the woman whose fance is a-living b:asphemy back to girl hood and womanhood and home. Let Him do. it, and let us work in little crowds at fis bidding that we niay help one another. THE LIVING LAMP V. LITTLE LANTERNS. W'h'e-re should we find him again? "I turne" to see the voice that spake with Me." Whatt turned to see a voice? Yes; and you and S dare not have said so,because many wouldhave been severe upon us for such an incoherent and vulgar and paradoxical a style of figure or metaphor. "Turned to see a voice." That. is whut the great Seer saw in the island church. I turned to see a voice, and lo "' saw seven golden csnd:esticks, and in the midst of seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of lMan." As He was in the midst of doe tomrs. and in the midst of the Church, and in the midst of thieves. Now he is in the midst. of lights, the luminants, the leaders of Church, and all its higher thinking and best endeavor. Poor are the candlesticks until Christ takesr up His place in the midst of them. Ministers, local preachers. 'We are only as candlesticks, we have no light, -e give no light, except we first receive the illumination from the face oi the Saviour, and through the ministry of the Holy Sp-rit.- There is no Church, there is no ministry without Jesus, and without Jesus be ing in the midst. And then though the candle sticks be poor, and the little light of a local kind may be very limited, yet there should he. a great glory in the House, and wondrous re sults should fol'w the ministry that is en kindled and illuminated and sustained by the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost Three in One, and One in Three. Our dependence is on the :iving Lamp, tho light of the world; and it will abide when alL the little lanterns of man's invention have- been blown out and thrown into the ditch. Your strength is of God.. Hold on; hold up. Take another instance to show that the first text was not merely fantastic, but that we have touched a great centre of revelation and actual. providence. "And I beheld and in the midst:. of the throne a Lamb." In the midst. What. in the midst of a throne? Yes. In the midst of doctors, in the midst of the Church, in the midst of the thieves, in the midst of the candle sticks. The same-the old place, the only place, the eternal place-a Lamb as He hsd been s:ain. No, there are scars on that Lamb which meant wounds and blood and mysterious suffering. So He has come to the throne, has He? Yes, because He came from the throne. It is so, and none can alter it And then where next? In the midst of doc tors, and churches, and thieves. in the midst of candlesticks, and in the midst of the throne,. where else is He? In the midst of the Deity the Father, the Holy Ghost, and Jesus in the midst. The old place, the eternal place, in the midst of the Deity. And lie wants to be in. the mIdst of our hearts, He wants to take pos session of our whole nature, He wants to bless us with the sevenfo!d blessing, He wants to. draw us from the external and the temporal, and to give us a home in the eternal and un seen, and Divine; He wants to hold us to the bosom of God. The world is presently to witness a. unique banquet, a monster entertainment given by all the members of the Dewey - family to the famous Admiral, the here. ofr Manila. Two thousand gues:s, all bearing the same name, if not all equally closely related, are (says the "Daily Chronicle") to meet before long at a con vention to be held in New York, and for four days they will celebrate the illus~ trious bearer of the name. Incidentally., they will make a pilgrimage to Westfield, Mass., the ancestral home of the Dewey family in America. The family coat-of arms was originally granted to Simeon Dewey in England in 1204. There are more than a hundred Dewey families in California alone, and five gentlemen off that name are editors of newspapers; so . that the Admiral's future exploits will certainly not lack Press notices. 