SHOJ&T; fiTORK The Marbles Tripped the Lady* i. ?.*? Hullo ! What do I sea? Two boys groping in the mud — playing marbles in the road ? Not my boys, surely ? Not After the lecture I read them yesterday upon the danger — to pedestrians — of street marble playing ? And yet ! — No ! . . . Yes-! I feel positive they are a couple of my scholara. Daniel Shawley and Harry Tnft ! — and so absorbed in the game that they are unconscious of my near prox mity. ' Now, what's to be done ?' queried the master of the Voluntarv School. ' Inclina tion bids me walk the other way, seeing nothing; but duty says 'Catch the de linquents red-handed.' Dear, dear ! Such aoisimple-minded game as marbles is ! But I havo warned the boys against it. I have written it down a capital offence, a pjlblic danger, and ? ' -Mr. Raplingham sighed deeply. It was an pastime in which he himself — half a century back — had excelled mightily. It was a pastime — hush! never let the Vol untary School boys get wind of it — in which Mr. Eaplingham, aged sixty, Btern, unbending schoolmaster, still indulged, in the; privacy of his study. o'.Such a fascinating game!' repeated Mr* Eaplingham, as he strode away to the execution of his duty. ' And fifty years ago I was the veriest culprit. Still' — 'heistraightened his scholarly back and stiffened his drooping shoulders — 'since I have ordered the game to be numbered with the crimes I must collar the criminals.' ?It was at an exciting moment that Mr. Eaplingham strode to the execution of his duty. , Dan . Shawley had won so per sistently that Harry Tuft was fingering his last marble. With the greatest care — and a moderate amount of luck — the loser realised that he might yet regain the ? cherished store of marbles that jingled in Dan's pocket, and in the boy's face was j mirrored all the concentrated judgment he was bringing into play over this final shot. Knuckles to ground, marble poised fin ger and thumb, little Tuft gazed anxiously and nervously at tho two marbles that, lying11 at an easy angle and distance from each other, might well be worn in one shot. Mr. Raplingham's eyes took in the situation at a glance as he came up, un noticed. His lips parted as if to speak, but after remaining in that attitude for a minuto they, automatically closed again. Tho interest in the game had seized him. His eyes were devouring the situation greedily. . . . Suddenly he spoke. 'Lower! ho. said, in a voice of tense excitement. 'Knuckles lower, boy. You will never hit it if yau cock your fingers up like that.' The schoolmaster's voice struck the as tonished boys like a swish from a birch. With one accord they Bprang to their feet. But the movement did not detract from Mr. Eaplingham's interest in the game. In fact, to the boys' unlimited amazement, that gentleman had dropped upon one loiee and, picking up tho marble that had fallen from young Tuft's paralysed hand, fingered it with the easy confidence of the expert. . ' Watch me, boy !' he said. ' Knuckles down like that. Marble easy, so ; thumb strong, but not rigid. Hit the first marble yonder slightly on the side, so as to cannon neatly into the second like — that !' 'Bravo!' Dan Shawley's oration swung the school master baok to his sixty years of age. In the privacy of his study where, with the marbles confiscated during lessons,, the -schoolmaster was wont to talk and laugh to himself while he played with an imaginary opponent, there was never any applause. '?Mr. Eaplingham stood upright, con scious of the indignity of the proceeding. Then he became aware of an approaching Vehicle (the Battleys' victoria) and hot blood suffused hia oheeks. If the Battleys (Major Battley, the Chief Constable, was a manager of the Voluntary School) had seen him on one knee playing marbles in the road with ? ! ?He walked rapidly onward, conscious ?that the Battleys' victoria had pulled up in the vicinity of hia degradation. Had they seen him ? and had they pulled up to question those boys upon the singular spectacle of a schoolmaster kneeling to play marbles with his scholars at the road side? 'If so, I can never outlive the disgrace!' Bighed the bewildered man. ' I shall be obliged to leave the school and, in some far-away town, to seek a livelihood at the age of sixty !' II. Major Battley was cholerio with rage as, 3iext day ho hurried into the schoolroom. ,f I've said it before, sir, but without «ffect. I now repeat it, and look to you, Mr.- Eaplingham, to put the order into execution. Marble playing in the public thoroughfare must cease at once !' ex claimed the Chief Constable. . ' 3^. will see to it, Major Battley,' Boftly esponded the schoolmaster. The major surveyed tho assembled scholars from beneath contracted brows. ' I wonder if he spotted us P' whispered Harry Tuft to his neighbour. ' No !' replied Dan Shawley. * Old Raplingham daren't give us away,' chuckled Tuft. ; Shut up !' said Dan. ? Old Rap's shivoring in his shoes. Doesn't he look miserable. I say, Dan, if ? ' ' Shut up !' And Dan gave his friend an effective poke in the ribs. ' It's simply disgraceful,' continued the major, ' that a lady cannot step from her carriage in the pub lis road without trip ping over marbles left about by a set of young scallywags.' ' I trust the lady was not injured,' said Mx*. Eaplingham, who would have given a month's salary to know whether his par ticipation in the gam® of marbles was sus pected by the major. ' Nothing beyond bruises,' testily re plied the Chief Constable, 'but ladies don't like tumbling about in the road, and thiB is the third complaint I've received from ladies who have slipped and fallen over these young monkeys' playthings. This time the victim was one of my own family The lady was getting out of the carriage to pick a bunch of berries at the roadside ! she gathered a bunch of bruises instead.' He glared across at the Bhivering boy, and added : ' I'd give the young rips who left the marbless on the footpath a cool licking if I could lay hands on them. But the little cowards ran away when they saw the mis chief they had done, and they haven't the courage to own up now.' The schoolmaster released a broath of glad relief. The boys had run away; therefore it was probable that his own share in tho game was unsuspected. He glanced at Dan Shawley. Would he con fess ? ' I'll birch the first boy the police catch J marble playing in the public highway !' j declared the Chief Constable and strutted out of school. Mr, Raplingham watched him,, and the ghost of smile illumined his thin lips | and sparkled faintly through his glasses^ the smile of danger averted. He wa,s so absorbed that he did not see Dan Shawley | slip out through a back classroom, from which he hastened down a back thorough fare thet slid gently down into the High Street. Then he stopped and gazed anxiously in all directions. But the major was not in Bight. ' He can't have got out of sight if he came this way,' commented Dan, 'yet. he isn't in sight anyway ; therefore he didn't come this road; therefore he went across the fields, which is the only other way.' Euclid had not been dunned . into Dan Shawley's head for nothing. He turned on his his heel . and retracing his steps, dashed past the school and gained tha fields. Half q. mile distant the majer was quietly pursuing his way towards tha Battleys' residence, the smoke from a cigar leaving the trail of a miniature ex press train. Dan hopped across the stile and started in pursuit. The country was flat as a pancake and well-nigh naked of vegetation. In tho distance clustered a few weather-beaten, partly dismantled hayricks. The footpath, passed the ricks ; the major followed the winding footpath ; Dan Shawley struck a bee-line across the sodden fields, hoping to intercept the major near the cluster. ThuB it came about that Dan Baw the man concealed behind the largest of tha hayricks, while the major remained ignor ant of the fellow's presence. More than that, Dan saw that thy , fellow in hiding held a rifle, and, more suggestive still, was taking an occasional sight at the Chief Constable's . approaching figure, using a corner of the rick that sheltered him from view as a gun rest. Dan's heart began to bump at the dis covery. The man's motive was obviously to shoot Major Battley as soon as that gallant officer should present a good enough target. Dan's mouth opened to omit a yell of warning ; but it snapped to again without emitting the yell. Theu it was that Dan, who could run, began to do it ; and as he ran, his eyes, wild- looking and feverish, twitched to and fro in the lines of sight that respectively covered the chief constable and his wait ing assailant. Twice within the next two minutes Major Battley stood still, obviously hesitating between continuing his present route and returning to the town, and on each occasion the man behind tho hay rick took careful aim, while Dan Shawley's throat filled with a ready shout of warning. But the major continued his way, and Dan gained distance at each moment of indecision. Tho ground was soft after the autumn floods; but for that the man, intent upon hia victim, must have heard the flying steps. Yet he didn't ; and to Dan it was just a question whether the major would pass the hayrick— and get shot — before he himself could get within touch of the Bhooter. The first of the cluster of hayricks shut the major from the boy's eyes. , Dan j shoveLe L ou the coal of determination until his voice broke in such resounding sobs that only the intensely absorbing nature of the deed he was about to commit could have prevented them from reaching the desperado's ears. But the latter was peering iAtently round the rick, and his ears were only for the major's firm footsteps on the gravel footway. Suddenly, between the ricks, tha major caught a glimpse of the flying schoolboy, and marvelling, stood still. That was the desperado's opportunity. Twenty yards or so separated the shooter and the man to be shot. The desperado ran his eye along the sightless barreL ' Now, my gallant major !' he muttered, ' I've got yer ! Last year you got me Bix months' hard for poachin' — with violence. That was your day ; this is ? ' The man with the gun felt something at his ankles, and with thoughts of a stray dog, kicked backward with a vigorous foot. Then he tried to turn round and attack his adversary from the front ; but Dan Shawley dragged the second ankle so vigorously from under the man's body that the latter fell face forward to the gronnd with the helpless thwack of a man taken unawares. ' Crack !' cried the rifle, for tho fellow'# hand had been ready on the trigger. iii. , ' If you please, sir, it was ma who was playing marbles in the road when Mra. Mrs. Battly fell over yesterday afternoon.' Major Battley, who had followed Dan at the first glance of his fleeting figure through the hayricks, and come up to him in time to see the boy's plucky assault upon the poacher (who, self-shot through the arm, never attempted to rise) stared at the diminutive lad for a whole minute before he broke into a loud peal of laughter. ' What's that got to do with this villain who was evidently waiting to shoot me as I passed?' he asked. 'You're a queer little chap.' 'I saw you in school this morning, sir.' ' And I remember that I saw you. If you were the boy I was asking for, why didn't you speak up and. admit your guilt?' ' Because: ? ' Dan's eyes sought the ground, then wandered up the hayrick and down again. * Because I didn't want to — then, sir.' ' But why not ?' persisted the major, possessing himself of the gun and esti mating his prisoner's wound with the cool ness of a man who had seen soma rough service. ' Why not ?' ' I — I'd rather not tell you, sir.' ' A secret ?' ' If it is, nobody asked ma to keep it,' asserted Dan.' ' Then you won't tell me.' ' I'd rather not, sir.' ' But see how curious you leave me !' ' I'd take it as a favour, sir, if you wouldn't ask me,' added Dan. ' Well/ said the .major, ' you stand con victed of having thrown a lady on her face through your carelessness, in rolling marbleB. about the public thoroughfares, but on my honour I can't scold you foi it, seeing what you've just done for me.' And the major allowed the matter to drop, but later on, when the poacher had been secured in the town hospital, and the major was turning over the events of tha day, he received a note from Mr. Raplingham, confessing his share in the game of marbles that had ended so awk wardly for Mrs. Battley. And the Chief Constable understood. 'Plucky little kid,' he exclaimed; 'he wouldn't give his schoolmaster away. , I must see that youngster again. He saved my life. If the incident had happened in front of the enemy he would hare got the V.C. He ought to be a soldier.' To Mr. Eaplingham the major wrote : ' Thanks for your explanation. Let tha incident drop. I saw nothing— I shall say nothing. I suffer from a boyish weak ness myself — top-spinning on the quiet.' 