IN MEMORIAM SERVICE. ON Sunday evening last a special service was conducted in the local Presbyterian Church by the Rev. Dill-Macky, having reference to the bereavement that had taken place in connection with the Church, by the death of Mr. W. H. Walker, of Tenterfield Station. The Church was crowded to excess. The rostrum was tastefully draped with mourning, and on the seat of the deported was hung a beautiful wreath. The musical part of the service was quite in harmony with the occasion. The hymns were solemn and bearing on the subject. The "Dead March in Saul " was effectively rendered by the organist, Mr. P. Hannay, and at the close of the service the congregation sang the late Mr. Walker's favorite hymn, "Nearer my God to Thee." The rev. gentleman took for his text, Revelations 14-13 : " And l heard a voice from Heaven saying unto me Write, Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord from hence- forth ; Yea saith the Spirit, that they may rest from their labours ; and their works do follow them." He said :— What is here said of those who die in the Lord is true of everybody. " Their works do follow them." Every action re- mains. The deed survives the doing. This is obvious as regards other people. We may forget the kindness or the injury we did but the effect remains. A small loan preserved a neighbour from bank- ruptcy or the refusal caused his ruin. Our works follow in their effect on ourselves. A man's character is the result of his actions. The totality of his thought words and deeds makes him what he is. Every individual work does its part in making him. A retribution is even now going on. Every good-work does good to our moral nature and every evil work does harm to it. Thus virtue is it own reward, and vice in the very indulgence exacts its penalty. Every sin is a suicidal blow. This is al- so true in relation to God. God will bring every secret thing into judgment. If this be so--if by a natural law as well as by a special Divine judgment, " for every idle word which men speak they shall give account may we not in de- spair ask. Who then can be saved ? The Gospel presents the only salvation "Be- lieve on the Lord Jesus Christ." His good works are substituted for our bad ones. He can both remove the guilt of our sins and by his spirit mysteriously working within us he can neutralize the evil effect of sin on our own character. Then the words are fulfilled '' Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord." It is an authori- tative degree : 'I heard a voice from heaven." It is fixed and permanent; '' Write." " They die in the Lord " trust- ing the Lord, loving the Lord, obeying the Lord, waiting for the Lord. They ' rest from their labors." Not from holy activity, but from fatigue, anxiety, weariness; from conflict pain grief; from the burden of doubts, from the yoke of trial, from the discipline of sorrow. " and their works do follow them." They do not precede, blowing a trumpet and claiming admission to glory as a reward. No man's works are sufficient for that. Christ's works alone goes before us. ? They are accepted on our behalf, he gives first, and pleads for us, and opens the door for us. We follow him but then it is also true our works fol- low us. They follow in their influence on our own moral nature rendering us more or less meet for the inheritance and cap- able of enjoying it. They follow in rela- tion to the special award of the great day. The doctrine of reward is as true as that of punishment. "God is not unrighteous to forget your work and labour of love in that ye ministered to the saints." There is a rewarding with ten talents and with five. A cup of cold water will not lose its reward. Christians will not themselves plead their good works." They have an advocate who will do this for them, and will make the best of every case commit- ted to him. We shall enter heaven as un- profitable servants exclaiming; "God be merciful to me a sinner," but our Advocate and Judge will graciously commence arid reward whatever was done from love and likeness to himself. "Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord, They rest from their labours and their works do follow them." O how great the reward of heaven ! how foolish the man who loses it for the sake of the rewards of earth ! how blessed the man who uses this life so as to augment his eternal bliss. Over the grave of the Christian the Holy Ghost rings heavens joybells there. Blessed are the dead that die in the Lord henceforth. Yea saith the Spirit that they may rest. That rest is elsewhere represented by a sleep, "Our friend Lazarus sleepeth." " They are as a sleep."' "We shall not all sleep." He giveth his beloved sleep. 