EiSLIAMEKT. Onodajr, September 4. VfaApster took the chair at 4.30 p.m. NOT5C&. Mr. EWING, to ask the Director of Pub tfa'TOoafa— 'Whv the construction of cul ?rerta on. tie main road between Wakaiup bjiA Mrmii^tm stations was taken oat of (he hania of die District Hoods Board,' Mr. A. Y. fT'Af^SfJJi, to ask the Pre tBBBT ? -'Wily the tenders for the warden's xeaideace at Pfcifiips River were not adver tt*L' Mr. MORA^f, to move — 'That a return be^pzapered at once and laid upon the table *rf the House showing the actual duties coEseted during the last fingjyiaJ year on imports into Western Australia from the re mainder of tire proposed Commonwealth, and allowing the amount which would be lost to the revenue of this colony by the introduction of free trade with the re mainder of the Commonweaith.' Mr. HASPKR, to move— -That there be bud -upon tbe table of the House a return showing in detail the expenditure incurred in. coimeztaos with the Paris Exhibition, and as estaewte of tile proUaile further expendi ture to the close or toe Exhibition.' Ur. 3JGEAM, k- rwve— 'Tea* a return be laid on tie teil-ie- »};.T*iag ike total ?nooit o£ pramrer&s; Usi year paid by the noes Govemniesi ds^sr&ments; for fire, mantes, guarantee, or ocber insurance, to £mB1»jl with the total amount and rates paid thereon. Also, the average amount of acknowledged claims paid by the insurance companies to the Government during the past tire* years.' Mr. PIESSE, to move— 'That all the words after 'colony* in the motion of Mr. Harper be struck out, and tbe following | words bs added in lieu thereof: — That a select committee be appointed for the pur pose of inquiring into the general conditions of the Railway Department, with a view to placing the Government railways rmritn- the control of a commissioner, removed as far as possible from political influence, and that pending the report of the select committee being received the official recognition of all railway associations be deferred.' Mr. OATS, to ask the Minister for Lands — 'Whether he has received an offer from Mr. H. J. Scott to erect and completely equip a central winery, provided the Go vernment guarantees interest, on capital for a term of five years at five per cent, per an num, not less than £10.000 to be expended by the company for the first year.' Mr- MITCHELL, to move— That in the opinion of this House it is desirable that the Government should consider the advisable ness of encouraging and assisting in the erection of a water-jacket smelter in the vicinity of Geraldton to smelt ore contain ing gold, silver, lead, and copper.' Mr. iiyvufG, to move — That there be laid upon the table of the House a return showing the total cost of culverts con structed by the Government on the main road between Wskalup and Mornington sta tions during the months of March, April, and May last.' '2. That in tie opinion of this House the erection of the workshops at Midland Junction should be proceeded with forthwith.' PAPERS. The PREMIER laid on the table addi tional regulations under the Beer Duty Aot. queshojSs. Mr. WALLACE asked the Minister for Mines — 1. Whether the cyanide works at Norseman public battery are completed? 2. If 80, what is their total cost? 3. What is the working capacity of said cyanide worts? 4. Under what terms and condi tions the works are carried on? The MINISTER of MINES replied— L Yes. 2. £1,232 ISs. Id. 3. Designed for 400 tons monthly, but subject to variation, according to nature of tailings. 4. To take over tailings at 27 cubic feet to the ton, and allow 80 per cent, of assay valne, less a charge of 10s. per ton for treatment. Mr. V0SPBR asked the Premie*- L Whether he recollects having promised that a referendum should be token on the ques tion of payment of members? 2. Whether he also remembers having stated, in reply to a question, that no special legislation is contemplated for this purpose? 3. K so, bow ho proposes to provide for tie expendi ture entailed by such referendum? ?Hie PREMIER replied-L In the Legisla tive Assembly on the 19th July, 1899, the Premier moved— -That tie question of pay ment of members should be referred to tiie electors of tbe colony for an expression of their opinion at the next general elec tion' — and the motion was carried unani mously. 2. Yes. 3. The Government in tend to carry oot this undertaking, and the expenditure to be incurred wQI be nominal. ADDRESS-IN-BEPLY— ADJOURNED DEBATE. Mr. GREGORY said tbafc a number of assertions had been attributed to the Pre mier in, the press since the House last met to the effect that the Opposition had been delaying the business of ^Parliament. To tfwee statements he desired to give an em phatic denial. On the contrary, the Op position bad been most anxious to proceed with the work; bat the Premier by break . ing his promise made the House meet a week later than was necessary, and then unnecessarily adjourned tie House for a week, when a motion of want of confidence was moved. Their first object was to torn out a Government that they did not believe in. He maintained thai the result of the division showed that tie Premier did not retain the confidence of tie country. The Opposition lost the support of the members for Nbrtfi Perth, Dundas— (The Premier: Mere speculation) — and lie Swan; while 1he Government had only one supporter ab sent. Tie members for Toodyay^ North Fremantle, and Kimberley objected to the public works policy, but desired that tie Government should retain office to tie end of tflie session Since the Government had been 'in office, he knew of only one instance where it had recruited its ranks from the other side, and he believed that that mem l»er had an axe to grind. ('What?' 'what?'). He referred to tie Bonnie Tale railway. Tie PREMIER: TJiat is a nice insinua tion. Mr. MORGANS : I can tell yon of a few ts£s to nisd' on the other side. Mr. GREGORY enumerated the electo rates of De Grey, .ashburton, Roebourne, West Kimberley, and Gascoyne, all return ing Government supporters, 'who represent ed 643 electors. The four Coolgardies com prised 22,364 voters, or an average of one representative for 5.841 electors; while under tie new Constitution they would re turn one member for everv 2J920 voters. And yet tie Premier sought to enlist the ?sympathy of these places by public works sops' a few months before an election. The Government would find tiat the gold fields people -would insist on proper repre sentation, payment of members, and de mocratic legislation. They wanted a evs tem of issuing voters' ceftificatesj say * a month before an election, and tie abolition of rjl&isl; voting. Tie PREMIER: They have it in Eng land. Mr. GEEGCRY rejoined that they were ; also withont payment of members in Eng land. He would advise that a motion should be introduced urging, and even insisting on, tbe Government to provide for the pay ment of members. Aoct&er; sop had been ! givea to the Labor !*'??-? but it should re- ' eoHect the Premier's opposition to his (Mr. j 5 Gregory's) proposal to limit the time of i ' (4jar in mines to ei^»t-lKHrr sisifta. J ] Tie PREMIER: I didn't oppose it. air. EuLTfTGWOBrH: Not for long. Mr. GREGORY said that tie Premier opposed the proposal until he found that his attitude might place some members of bis party in an awkward position. It had been said list that side of the Home objected to tie public works policy of the Government. True, t&oy; objected to tha gross exJasvagaoce that Had gene on. Had there been leas extravagance mazy more miles of raihvavs would have been constructed. The Boulder railway and the manner in which- it was conducted wa3 a disgrace. The Government was being robbed of large sums of money by the pre sent system of issuing tickets.* Then tnere was not one passenger platform on the whole lime, while at Goongarrio. where a pss&enger; rarely alighted, there was a bufiding which had cost £6.0G3. The Op position desired a purer administration, better electoral laws, and more equitable representation. He considered that the Government hud tried to coerce members of not on£y its own side of the House bet also the Opposition, when members were asked what their constituents would sav and what action they would take when they found them op posing the puolic ' works policy. He classed that as unfair and unjust, and, when they went further and found that tie Premier had tried intimidation, he said that it was unparliamentary and unprincipled. Speaking of tie Perth Ice Co. frauds, he said that tie settlement which was arrived at was icG hurried, aad he considered that tho effence which Lad been committed had bees, condoned by tic Government. Some bedy mast have issued the wayhitis xbish took tie goods frMP Perth to Menzies, and it was impossible for anyone to believe that the raEway employes knew nothing about it. In regard to t-fie Conciliation and Arbitration Bill,, be noticed that the sec ond reading was already on tie notice paper, but tie measure had not yet been laid on the table of tie House, and he could not understand how Iran, members could be eipectsd to deal with it if they had not had time to peruse it. He hoped that all Government inststatuns would be brought within the scope of the measure. Last year a motion was carried in the House that a commission should be ap pointed to inquire into tie working of tb* Police Department, but the Premier hsd said that it was not neces sary. (Mr. Moran: Move again.) He would like to have seen some reference to tie transcontinental railway in the Gov ernor's Speech. The Government, he hop ed, would have asked tie House to pass a motion agreeing to construct tie raflway if tie funds were provided by tie Common wealth Parliament. He expressed bis plea sure at tie improvement or the past year with regard to hospital administration, but failed to see why, in some districts, the peo ple should maintain the sole cost of hospi tals, while in others the Government sus tained tie total cost of their upkeep. He had hoped tiat &e; Government would have brought forward a measure dealing with the question. Another matter worthy of the attention of the Government was the print ing of tie various papers laid on the table of the House. These, he thought, should bear upon their faces the cost of their pro duction. He hoped that a select committee would inquire into the matter of tbe Perth Ice Company and tie NnUagine award. They were very sick of what ihey looked upon as maladministration. He wished to ask for certain information with regard to the finances. They were entitled to this infor mation, and it was the duty of members to know as much as possible of the nuances of the colony, and the duty of tbe Treasurer to take members into bis confidence. The Government had borrowed, less sinlring fund, £11,427,017, and at least three mil lions would be required for works which would have to be constructed under present authorisations. He wished the Premier to assure them that this would not be the case, and to tell them what was the total amount required to carry out the works. They also wanted some idea as to when they would be completed. They were told that in another year a quarter of tie Coolgardie water scheme pipes would be laid. Were tie other three-quarters to be put down in the next year? The engineer-in-chief should be able to give some idea of the probable completion of the work. He also wanted the Premier to say what he estimated the colony's debt would be per head when the addition al money was borrowed. He also sought information as to tie purchases of rolbng-stock by the Railway Department, and how much of the old authorisations had been marked for works at present in hand. The Premier had £268,152 left to carry on some three million pounds' worth of 'work. Then they were told that tie Premier had £979,635 in hand. How much of that was in stores fit for tie works authorised? In addition, £956,000 would have to be found, it haying been re-appropriated from works authorised by the Parliament of 1896. As far as be could make out, from three to three and a half millions more money would have to be found for tie completion of the works already authorised. Yet, in tie face of tiat, tbe Premier asked for further loan expenditure. The Opposition wonld oppose it until the Premier took it into his confidence It was justified in doing so. He thought tiat tie Premier would be very pleased when tie new Parliament met that he had not to cany on the finances of the colony. Mr. MORGANS : Everything is all right. Don't worry. Mr. MORAN : The second Treasurer says everything is all right. The PREMIER said that he had thought it desirable to take the first opportunity of speaking on tie Address-in-Reply, in order that he might give some information in re gard to a matter which appeared to be con cerning members most — the financial posi tion of tie colony. As far as he had been able to gather from the speeches of those opposite, especially those of Mr. Dlingworti and Mr. Wilson, and those of Mr. Harper and Mr. Moran, their action against the Government had been actuated by the be lief that the. finances were in an unsatisfac tory condition, and that even the small works contemplated during the financial year, as set forth in the Governor's Speech, gave cause for alarm. That was a very seri ous matter, and if members really believed that the colony was in difficulties financially, he did cot know that there was anything more important to everyone. But some other means might have been taken to ob tain tie information he was going to give them, rather than, without it, at once as suming that there was something very un satisfactory in tbe condition of the colony, so unsatisfactory as to merit the instant dis missal of Ministers. He did not think that tiat procedure would do any good to the people of the country, because things were assumed and published far and wide that were based on er roneous information or the mere imagin ings of people who knew very little. He hoped members would now get on with the business of the country. He did not believe that it was any fear in regard to tie financial position of the colony which had led to the recent action of the Oppo sition. There would be plenty of oppor tunity for dealing with the financial ques tions -as they arose, and if the House thought any particular works undesirable it could say so ; but if the desire of the Op position was for economy, a different course ought to have been followed. The weak ness of tie Opposition was shown by the fact that it had a following of only 14 mem bers. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: At one tiiae it was only 3. The PREMIER: Then they were improv ing. (Laughter.) But still they were very -weak. Mr. ILLEfGWORTH: Why? Toe PREMIER : Because the people have no faith jn you. (Laughter.) Two mem bers of &b; Ministerial side of tie House tawl, however, voted with the Opposition because they did not approve of tbe course le had taken. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MORAN: You bad better sSek fer tie finawreal aspect. The PREMIER: When the history of tie federal movement came to be carefully writ ten, it could never be said that he diverged from the straight patli of the federalists- — (laughter) — except in the direction of get ting better tenns. (Renewed laughter.) Having been a federalist yririoA 1383, and having attended all the *rtnff*r»f*nf9) having signed tie document sX tie Conference o: Premiers, he had, on his return to tie co lony, and in association with his old friends, tried to get better terms. That was all he did, and having failed to get those terms through tic action of members opposite, he returned to the path from which be had temporarily deviated in tie interests of tie colony, and lien he found that his friends the anti-federalists ? Mr. MORAN.- No, federalists, like you. (Laughter.) The PREMIER : He found them associat ing with the federalists. If he had sinned in going back to tie straight line he was not such a sinner as those with whom his anti-federalists had recently allied them selves. They objected apparently ? Mr. HARPER-. To your action only. The PREMIER: The head and front of the anti-federalists had had tie assistance of Mr. Morac, who, Micawber-like, was looking for something to turn up. They were dow associating witti those who, like one prominent member of tie Opposition, bad insulted tie agriculturists by calling them 'pig-and-potato men.' Mr. lliUNGWORTH : He is not here now. Tbe PREMIER: He seldom is in his place. (Laughter.) Could not Messrs. Harper and Moran see that titey were being used for the purposes of otihers? The very mole must be more blind than they. An other motion would come on for discussion shortly. Would the Opposition vote for it? He doubted it. Yet it was rumored tiat there was an agreement for 7PTfc''3 sup port, and that there was an understanding Mr. MORAN: You are fishing. The PREMIER: Well, they would be told by .Mr. Mosaa that owing to tbe change in the constitutional life of tie colonv ? Mr. MORAN : Is it in order to refer to a motion not yet before the House? Tie SPEAKER: Not to discuss it, but to refer to it The PREMIER : Tie agriculturists were going to join members who thought that federation would adversely aSect tie re sources of the colony. (Hear, hear.l Then, if members thought tiat, why did they not tell their constituencies so? There was an agreement between the parties to support each other's motions and ? Mr. GREGORY: There has been so such agreement. The PREMIER: Tine bon. member was not the leader of tbe Opposition. If fede Ta&on; was going, as Mr. Moran said, to adversely affect our resources, why did members opposite support it? Several Members: Why did vou oppose it? (Laughter.) * The PREMIER was then faying to get better terms; so he had used the best ar guments he could. (Loud laughter.) It only showed bow little tie bon. member knew his own mind. Mr. MORAN: I have been in very good company for the last six years. The PREMIER proceeded to refer to the member for BeverJey, who had said in the House tiat he had lost confidence in the Premier, owing to tite latter's attitude an federation. He would like to ask Mr. Har per, and those whom he represented, whe ther they believed tiat the existing duties on produce would have lasted longer with out federation than with it. After all, the anti-federation cry of the farmers had been based on tie fear tiat tie removal of the food duties would adversely affect their per sonal interests. Mr. HARPER: And tie revenue also. The PREMIER believed that t&e; farmers regarded tie matter as it would affect their interest, and not tiat of tie Treasury. He bad not yet found those high-minded people who, in tie interest of 'he country, objected to a railway which passed their doors. If Mr. Harper thought tiat the Opposition would support the farmers, he would be mistaken. (Government applause.) Me. HARPER: You will turn round yourself. The PREMIER would pledge himself to keep faith with the farmers of the country. If it had not been for his influence, the food duties would have been removed years ago. Mr. Harper had allied himself to a party whose 'platform' was free trade. They would have three years and a half more of duties under the Commonwealth Bill, and had it not been for federation, the duties would not exist for six months longer. The Government would do its best to prevent those duties from being struck off. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Harper had been willing to forgo the dutv on all produce excepting flour, wheat, anS chaff— the three articles which were produced in abundance in tie Beverley district. That was the farmers' friend! Mr. GREGORY: The Commissioner for Lands said tie same. The PREMIER was not dealing with the Commissioner for Lands. Mr. Throssell had not attacked him. (Laughter.) The Mur ray, Wellington, Sussex, Bunbury, and Nel son districts were all to go by tie board, while the productions of sacred Beverley were to be protected. He defied anyone to say tiat he had seen narrowness or sel fishness go farther than tiat. Mr. Harper was working in the interests of his own dis trict, and not of the farmers generally. It might be that he had been misguided, but he had certainly acted foolishlv, if in tbe interests of the farmers. ' He did not propose to reply to the detailed state ments of the member for East Fremantle relative to tie Railway Department— tbe subject would occupy more time than he was prepared to give it ; but if Mr. Holmes was in earnest, if his desire was for tie good of the public, be (Sir John) would assist him in getting a select committee to inquire into these matters. These periodical at tacks made by the hon. member, without any further request for an inquiry, struck at tie root of discipline in the service, tended to insubordination, and created a bad feel ing throughout. the colony, and promoted beyond its limits the idea that the Railway Department was conducted by a lot of rogues, who were fleecing tie public. A great injury had been done to the service, to the department, and to the public by these ex-parte statements, which were not followed up by a request for an inquiry. Members of Parliament had great privileges and great responsibilities, and members should not be used, unless in cases of great emergency, to take away the charac ters of people, or to libel them. It was just as necessary for a member of Parliament to be careful about tie use of words that were libellous or scandalous &s; any member of tie public; in fact, far mure, because what he said was reported, and however wrong or however capable they might be of explanation, these charges were scattered abroad, and damaged the characters or reputations of the people against witom ihey were maH-- Such statements injured a public servant in a place which was vital to him, because, after all, what had a public official bat his good name? He worked for a smaTi salary, sav ing perhaps a little, and if t&ey; took away his good name they removed his dearcat possession. Mr. MONGER: And the man who made aQ these dirty remarks is absent from bis seat. The PREMIER, ccntinniEg. said that he desired to reply to some of the remarks which the hon. member for East Fremantle made about Hbe Treasury accounts. He made some insulting and disgraceful charges and observations in regard to the Treasury, afi of which could be easily 'ex- plained, and which it could be shown were altogether undeserved. He might have asked a question first, obtained information, and tfasa based' bis chazges on what nngat [iisve beea before him -, bat so. Foals I rushed in where angels feared to tread, and the hon. member rushed into tie financial I position of the colony and tried to make [ out, to use common parlance, that the Oov i eramenl 'cooked' tbe acccunte. The ac counts were published quarterly, and titen re- pabashed at the end of the year in ex actly the eaane form, so that it would be seen that nothing was bidden. The bon. member referred to an item of £16,460, which was down as a credit to the Trea surer under && paymaster of railways, and he at once jumped to tie conclusion that the amount should have been paid in June, whereas it was shown as a credit to the Treasurer, a fact that he could not under stasd. Sad tie hon. member gone to any person accustomed to keeping accounts lie wonid readily have been informed how tiat happened. But no; he had to make charges and rude observations aginst the Treasurer first. The amount -was paid by the Treasury by the end of June, and had not been recouped to the Treasurer, and therefore it was a credit to tie Treasurer. If hon. members would look at the Trea sury accounts they would find that this item had been similarly dealt with for years past. It represented tbe .pay of the ' last fortnight of tie year, which had never been charged at the end of the year. The Gov ernment received a vote from the Legis lature to pay wages for a year. He had enough money to deal with tie year's wages, and he did not want to pay anything tiat he was not bound to pay. If, therefore, he had 52 weeks' wages would anyone require him to pay 54? The Government had always car ried on these two weeks, and until he had a, lot of money in the Treasury be was not going to pay more than 52 weeks' wages in one year. (Hear, bear.) In regard to the item for the gold purchased for the Paris Exhibtion, tiat should have spoken for itself. If tie Government sold tiat goid it would recoup itself, and in tie meantime it was a. credit which belonged to the Government. In regard to the sum of £22,157 for contingents, which was shown as a credit, the Government had paid tiha* amount out, and bad not received back the vouchers. A great deal of it belonged to the Imperial Government, and the amounts were only just now being collect ed. Out of this total advanced by tie Treasurer, £13,000 was being claimed from tie Imperial Government, and the remain der would be paid motttMy through tie year until tfee coataagents returned. Hon. members seemed to think that tbe Treasury was of so elastic a character tiat it could pay fifty or sixty thousand pounds without a vote, sod on a matter that had never been before tie Legislature. His idea was tiat that was too much for any Treasury. These were matters that occurred every day in tbe public accounts, and it showed die recklessness of the bon. member for East Fremantle in making such statements with out first prosecuting inquiries. Such wild statements made at random reflected upon everyone's integrity, and while be was nrnlnng his terrible charges against officers of long standing experience and probity, he laughed, and thought it was all a good joke, tiat it was a splendid thing thai, he should be taking away tbe charac ters of good and honest people. It showed tins — be wanted to give tie bon. member a last thrust, and then be would leave him aionfr— tt showed thai, be had an uneducat ed mind, which he bad allowed to run riot. It would do him good if he would try to learn something of tie world, of tbe civili ties and courtesies common among men of tie present day. (Hear, bear.) He would leave the hon. member at that. He next desired to deal with, tie opposi&on;, that, he had encountered from members opposite, as set forth, in tie words of tie leader of the Opposition, and also the objections which bad come from tie hon. member for Bever ley, and the hon. member for East Cool gaidie, as to preventing the continuance of public works. . Mr. MORAN: That is absolutely wrong. I never said anything of the sort. The PREMIER: It is in your motion tha* is before the House. It covers tie Leonora railway, the Goomallrng railway, and tie Nannine railway. Mr. MORAN: It does not. Tie PREMIER: It covers the Norse man railway. I say tiat the hon. mem ber's object is to prevent the continuance of public works. Mr. HUNGWORTH: Until the people have had a. voice. The PREMIER: I want to point out tiat there axe really only two or there works tiat he objects to. Mr. MORAN: Five. The PREMIER: The Leonora, Nan nine, and Norseman railways. Mr. MOBAN: The Perth water scheme. The PREMIER: Tie Government has not submitted tiat yet. Mr. MORAN: Well, then, don't talk about it. You are only bluffing the coun try. The PREMIER: What is the ofier one? Mr. MORAN-. Tie Fremaotle dock. The PREMIER: Tie hon. member wants to pin hmwirff to these five items, and he desires to prevent the Government from carrying them out. In regard to the met ropolitan water supply scheme, it would first be necessary to consult members about it, and before other preparations could be made it would take some tame. AU these works had been authorised by boti Houses. Mr. MORAN: No; tiey have not. The PREMIER begged pardon. All ex cept the Norseman line, which bad been passed by tie Assembly and rejected by the Upper House by one vote. Perhaps Mr. Hlingworth would tell him what were the works in his mind. He did not believe in Any railways being carried out by the Gov ernment. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: We want anoiher Government to carry them out The PREMIER.- There could not be an other Government until tie next general elections. Even if there was, a new Gov ernment could scarcely carry out works which had been disapproved of. Therefore, it could not be -until October of next year that they could be passed, and until 1902 before tie railway to Nannine could be commenced, or even the Leonora, or Norse man railways. He wanted to know exactly at what the Opposition were driving. Mr. WILSON : Who has kept the Nan nine railway back for the last four years? The PREMIER supposed that the present Government had; but he did not want to keep it back any longer. The hon. mem bers opposite desired to keep it back a little longer. He took all tie responsibility of not proceeding with it up to the present, but no responsibility lor die future. That was fair. Mr. HiENGWORTH: But wul you take it up to date? The PREMIER: Up to the end of last session. The attitude of tie Opposition was merely a subterfuge, a dodge for party purposes, and *T?rrpf} up( as for as Messrs. Moran and Harper were concerned, with a good deal of disappointment and chagrin over federation. They must have some one to make a scapegoat, 'and must have some one sent into the wilderness with all tbe sins of tie federalists on his head, aad they had chosen \nm instead of blaming those who, perhaps, had a larger responsibility. They heaped all tile sins on his head, and. desired to set him adrift in a wilderness. Mr. GEORGE: 'Ichabod! fchabod! Thy glory has departed.' The SPEAKER: Order! The PREMIER : There was only one new work on their programme. If the opposi tion to the Government on these 'works bad been genuine, hon. members would have waited to deal with them on then? merits, as they came before the Honee. But they were afraid that they would be carried, even &e; Norseman line, in both Houses. They preferred to embark on a general vote rather than risk defeat on tie items. They did not want the works particularised, and did not want the odium of voting against the railwaya. They preferred » general vote, j Mr. WILSON? -k*to&kT;?-A.teta on a, principle. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: Is it not consti tutional? The PREMIER; Really, really, you may ask questions directly. The Opposition did not want to vote on the items. It was against tie grain. They knew Ikat tbe people of tie country, and of tile goldfields would resent their actions. When the items came forward on the Esti mates he would like to see 1ft-. Gregory voting against the Leonora railway. Although T!is constituents did not like the line, Sir. Gregory would not like to vote against what he had urged so often to have consbructed. He gave him credit for pre ferring tie country to his constituency, if the country were in great fmam-ial extremes, but he would show that the colony was in a sound financial position. He would not prove tiat tie colony was insolvent and in financial difficulties, but tiat they owed scarcely any money at ail, and he would prove it up to tie hilt. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: Then we will go for tie transcontinental railwav. The PREMIER : It be could 'not do it, he would be quite willing to hear the criticisms which hon. members desired to make. The Speaker left the chair at 6.30. At 7.30 tie Speaker resumed tie chair. The PREMIER, resuming, said that when they had adjourned an hour ago, be had got to that part of bis speech dealing with the public debt of tie colony, and the soundness of the financial position. He would like to again place before bon. members and the people of the colony the works that were in the Governor's Speech, and the works that tie member for Central Murchison and the members for East Coolgardie and Beverley objected to being carried out at the present time. One work was the Leonora railway, for which £60,000 had been passed last year. There was nothing to prevent this work from being fa*fr*»n in hand almost immedi ately. & had pointed out when be spoke on tile 'no confidence' amendment the posi tion of tiat railway and tbe great advantage it would be to the Mount Margaret district. He had pointed out the large amount of gold being produced there. At the present time the telegraph line from Menzies to Niagara and on to Lawlers was not able to carry tie telegraphic traffic cast upon it. When this matter was referred to him, and it was suggested that another wire should be erected, he was somewhat sceptical, and asked for tie amount of traffic carried over tie line between Menzies and Mount Mal colm. He was surprised to find tiat at tie present time the number of messages was at the rate of 136,000 a, year. That would give hon. members some idea of the importance of the district. He bad given them the amount of gold- obtained, viz., about £500,000, or more, this year. With these facts placed before them tiey should realise tie importance of building the line. It was tie second goldfield of the colony, and at tie present time was second only to Kal goodie. The Nannine railway they also wished to stop. (Hear, hear.) That rail way was authorised by the Houses in 1896, when the district was coming into promi nence. Then tiey objected to the Norseman railway (Mr. Moran: Hear, hear.) He did not know whether Mr. Moran had assumed the leadership of tbe Opposition, but tie hon. member appeared to speak for that party. (Hear, hear.) However, he believed tiat the Opposition would leave Mr. Moran in the lurch. Mr. MORAN : Just as you have left your supporters in the lurch. The PREMIER denied that he had ever done so. (Laughter.) There was the Kal goorlie-Boiilder railway ? Mr. MOSAN : It is in hand, and conse quently not affected by my motion. The PREMIER noticed tiat Me Moran objected to the Fremantle dock, but not tbe harbor works. Me. ILMNGWORTH:: We can't stop them. Mr. MORAN ^ The BritiA capitalist wil1 stop iiem. ? The PREMIER: We have onlv to give tbe order, and they will stop. He supposed tiat Mr. fXanun was opposed to spending £20,000 for tie erection of a lighthouse ou Fish Rock. Mr. MORAN: Unless you have the money for it. (Hear, hear.) The PREMIER: However, I propose to deal with the question of tbe indebtedness of tie colony. Mr. MORAN ? Two hours getting to it. The PREMIER referred sarcastically to the wail of the member for East Coolgardie and the wafl of tie member for Beverley. Mr. MORAN: Not the whale from Bun bnry. (Langhter.) The PREMIER, proceeding to deal with tie colony's indebtedness, said that if they excluded £85,000 paid by the Agricultural Bank and £44,528 paid by tie Land Pur chase Board, both of which sums were se cured by mortgages on the properties, and could not be considered public debter- — Mr. MOBAN: All the debts arc secured. The PREMIER wished that Mr. Moran would listen ; if not he wonld have to com pel him. (Laughter.) Taking these two amounts, and £377,160 of the Rmiring fund invested, the public debt ortJuneSOlastiwas £11^292,479. They had in hand from loans some £900.000 odd. Mr. MOBAN: No. The PREMIER said that they had £280,000 worth of land purchased from the Great Southern Rafosray Co. (Laughter.) It was charged to the public debt at £300,000, and was a reproductive asset. They had to buy the land, and it was a remunerative in vestment. Consequently the actual debt of the colony on June 30 was, in round num bers, £10,000,000, or at the rate of £55 per head of the population. Mr. MOBAN i What you pay interest on, you mean. The PREMIER, continuing, said that file railways of the colony were valued at £7,000,000 (tie amount spent on them), or £40 per head, and these railways were self supporting. They were paying working ex penses, interest, end sinking fund, and contributed to tie revenue. This £40 went in. actual cash towards paving the interest on the £55 per head. They had already spent on tie Fremantie harbor works and the Coolgardie water scheme about £1,400,000, or £8 per head. These two works, though not self-supporting at pre sent, bad been undertaken on a basis of being serf-supporting. Accordingly, all the other works that tiey had undertaken arocimted to a cost of about £8 per head of tie population, or 5s. per annum. That was tie burden of the people of the colony, and would be, as soon as the harbor works and the water scheme became completed, and, he maintained, self-supporting. Mr. VOSPER: What is the total value of the assets? The PREMIER : The rafiways are valued at eeven millions. Mr. VOSPER: Have yon a customer for them at tiist price? Tbe PREMIER believed thai they could get that amount for the railways if tiey wanted to sell them. The population of the colony last year increased bv 10,000. Mr. MORAN: What? * The PREMIER. You ought to know if yon took any interest in tbe co^oey. Mr. MORAN : I deny it The PREMIER said thai, allowing that the public debt increased at the rate of a million a year for the next three years, and that lie works that -were in hand and were contemplated were completed, the debt -wooid then be £14,000,090; and surely they iiight expect tiat, during that time, wife their niftlic works policy, the popu lation would reach 200,000 or 210,000. There was no reason to suppose that at that time the railways would not be self supporting, and the 'self -supporting Cool gardie -water scheme would be completed. He- woui!d a'low a million on the Fremau tie harbor works and dock, and another barf-mOlion for ail the other works. That wonld be £12,000,000. He submitted that in three years time 32 millions of the debt of the colony would be self-supporting, and two millions not self-supporting. That was tiat tie burden of the - people would jbe 7s. per annum per bead. His answer to tiss attack made upon tie Government, and upon those supporting tie Government; as to tbe finances, could be put into a very few words. First of all, he would say that there never was a tbue in the history of the colony when the country was in a sounder condition. After ten years, during which time no additional taxation had been placed upon the people, when, in fact, taxation had been reduced to tie extent of half a million sterling, with a splendid revenue of two and three quarter millions, when it had been possible to le xaove a deficit of £247,000 in one year, and when tie Government had a million of cash in h^'H ? Mr. MORAN .- Will you swear to that? The PREMIER: Over a million. A million acd two hundred thousand. Mr. MORAN : Do you count your stores as cash? The PREMIER: No. Money in the bank. Mr. MORAN : Savings Bank? The PREMIER: Yes. Mr. MORAN : But that is not yours. The PREMIER: It is there, and I can do what I like with it. At the end of June there was £1,200,000 in the bands of the Treasurer. With all this cash, all the rail ways they had, tbe harbors, jetties, tele graphs, roads, and public buildings through out the length and breadth of the colony, wben the actual burden on tie people liad not been increased, and at the present time was only a few shillings per bead of tbe population, why should he be subjected to carping criticisms oy people who bad never managed anything in their lives? These were rmancia.1 geniuses. What did they do? They piled up loan upon loan, money upon money, in every conceivable way, and then they divided all among the present population. That was a simple way to show' that tie country was not in a sound financial position. Was there any one in tie House who had large obligations, and did not reckon up bis assets? The colony had assets which were reproductive and self-supporting, and was he going to stand there and say that they were a burden on the colony? There was' a matter which all were looking at with anxious eyes, and tiat was the question of purchasing the Midland railway. There was a strong feeling that the railway should be acquired by tie State at a reasonable price. Did be understand that the Opposition, and the bon. members for East Coolgardie and Beverley, were opposed to the Government buying that railway? Mr. MORAN : Yes, absolutely. The PREMIER would like the Opposition to answer. Mr. ILLEfGWORTH: It depends upon the price. The PREMIER assured the hon. member oi tiat point. But if the colony was in a state of insolvency, as they tried to make oat, how were they going to buy anything? He saw no reason why the country should not buy this railway and land. (Hear, hear.) He would like to know whether his friend, the member for Beveiiey, was also opposed to tie project. He was so much in favor of settling the people on the land, and when it came to doing it, he wss un wiffing. He urged that this was a purchase that they should make, but he had not yet succeeded in getting terms which were reasonable enough to enable him to submit a proposal to tie House. The three rail ways to Leonora, Nannine, and to Norse man would pay, while tie Fremantle dock was a necessity, and should be constructed whefter it paid or not. Members were op posed to these things. If such views had actuated him in 1891, where would they have been to-day? The calculations of the geniuses to whom he had referred amounted to this: Before you borrow money, before you spend a ghilKng^ tiey throw it at you as a public debt, and therefore you must be embarrassed. Surely they must give him credit for something being done while' this' money was being spent; ihat the popula tion would increase, and that their condi tion would improve. They had often been told tiat they were going to ruin, that the colony was going to the dogs, and that dis aster was fast approaching. (Mr. Dling worth: There- is nothing in 'Hansard' about that.) There was worse than that, but no disaster or ruin had come over the colony. Their affairs had gone on increasing and cities bad grown in tie interior where before only «ie kangaroo existed, and that while they were told that their debt was increasing, and that, too, while the popu lation was going to remain stationary or even decrease. If that was to be their future, if they were to look forward to the population decreasing, and their debt in creasing, he would say, do noth ing, stop short, and await your doom. Were they to act as though the population was never going to increase? It had in creased 10,000 last year, and he saw no reason why it should not increase another 10,000 this year, because, after all, Western Australia was the best country of, the Aus tralian group, and federation — if it brought all tie good things promised by his friends on the other side of the House — should be a further stimulus to population. Lost year bad offered no very advantageous cir cumstances to attract population. The colony had had a big deficit to pay off, and had had to pinch and screw to keep dotm tJie expenditure. Were they now* to act as though they had no confidence in the permanency of their gold mines and vo faith in the resources of the colon v? Mr. MORAN: Tell us about the loss of revenue under federation. The PREMIER : It had often struck him as an extraordinary thing that he should have to stand up in that House as the ad vocate of the goldfields, when the goldfields had six members in tie House opposing him. He stood there tbe mouthpiece of the goldfields, asking the House to give tie people of the fields the means of transit that they desired, and he was opposed by those who had been sent to that House spe cially to represent the interests o£ the gold fields. He could understand tbe opposi tion to those railways if they were going to be a burden on the country, but all of them would pay, and they would be an advan tage not only to the people of the gold fields, but also to the farmers and the resi dents of Perth and Fremantle. Every mile of railway meant the employment of more men, and 'a greater market for the producer. Mr. ILLINGWORTH : They are all agri cultural railways. The PREMIER: That was exactly what he had said at Kalgoorlie. It was strange how tvro great minds thought alike. (Laughter.) All the goldSalds railways bunt jn the past had beca payable, and there was no reason to suppose that tbe Leonora lice, which was to provide means of transit to tie second greatest goldfield in the colony, should not be highly reuiuEer ative. His friends on tie opposite side of the House had preached 'ruin and dis aster,' 'disaster and ruin,' for tea years past, but the colony continued to forge ahead. He had grown grey in the honor able service of his country, and in combat ting those cries of 'ruin and disaster!' Tbe 'do-notiing croakers' of the present time had been the ''do-nothing croakers' of tic past ten years, but the people of the colony had stood by him for ten years and had not listened to tic rcvilers and detain ers of the country. In tbe near future it would be for the people to say whether they would again support titose who, by their boldness, their public spirit, and their faith in lie colony and its resources ha-3 made Western Australia what it was. Mr. KIXGSMILL said that it was with some diliideiice that lie rose among those who had been classed as dealers of* the fair Lmd of Western Australia to speak on the Address-in- ltcply. He congratulated him self that, after 'the remarks hurled at the members of the Opposition, he was cot mentally, morally, or physically injured. Tjfee Premier's promised castigatioa of them had been rather less severe than usual. His speech on Mr. Ulingworth's amendment, and that on the present occasion, where the old system of intimidation ue had so often tried in the House. It was not so bad on the older members of the House, for they were accustomed to it. Mr. HIGHAM: Your hides are getting tideker. air. EUfGSMILL: The shafts don't go ar perhaps. But the consideration and courtesy due to new members of the House were lacking in the intimidation of the un fortunate member for Geraldton. He con gratulated Mr. Hutchinson on his answer, which was given in the manner used to wards him. As usual, the Premier had boasted of his majority, but, on analysis, tbe victory was not so creditable. The House had been asked to express an opinion on the Forrest Ministry, and they saved the Ministry by a majority of 22 to 16. Considering that the Forrest party sup plied five of those votes, he did not think that the outside opinion of the House was very much, to boast oi ; also considering that three gentlemen on the Government side expressed themselves in accord with the views of the Opposition. The Premier had been reported in the press to bave said that, if two members had not crossed the House, he would have had a larger ma jority (Langhter.) That reasoning was in controvertible. He was only surprised that the Premier had not gone on to say that, if the House had been unanimous, they would lose those exhibitions of Parliament ary decorum that be was so used to. It was a peculiar circumstance that he was one of the victims of the Premier's attacks, along with the member for Yalgoo. He had told them that, if they would not vote with him, he would tell their constituents. They were not likely to be turned by the threats of the Premier, although he quailed somewhat when he thought of the an guished feelings of the people of Pilbarra when be told them that the Norseman line was about to be postponed, or, more hor rible, that it was about to be wiped out altogether. (Laughter.) He shuddered to tUink of their feelings. He very mucV regretted that llr. Piesse had had to sever his connection' with the Government, in which he had taten such a large and hard working part. Once more, a man with an individual character was incompatible with the Treasury benches. He was sorry that Sfr. Piesse Lad gone to join the long pro cession of Ministerial ghosts. Mr. Gre gory had asked the Premier a number of questions concerning finance. Tbe Trea surer should have had the information sought at his fingers' ends. How could he expect members of the Opposition to know anything about the conditions of the colony if lie did not supply the information until the debates it mostly affected were con cluded? The only impression lie had gathered from the Premier's slight touch on finance vss that as long as the colony had enough money to pay the interest on its debts, it did not owe any money. He did not know the system on which the Premier conducted his operations. He was begin ning to doubt the existence of any system at all, except expediency and opportunism. The word basis, as used by the Premier, had struck him forcibly. The Premier had said t=at the Fremantle harbor works, and Coolgardie water scheme were not con structed on the same basis. He did not know much about harbor works, but if the basis for the harbor works was no sounder to-day than the basis put forward in 1896, or the basis of the Coolgardie water scheme, all be could say was, 'Hea- ven help the Coolgardie water works.' Mr. OATS: Ainea. (Laughter.) Mr. KDfGSMILL : He would touch upon a speech in which the Premier had in dulged in a little prophecy with regard to the population, though, in confidence, be did not take much stock in the Premier as a prophet. He did not think that he was right in assuming the mantle of Elijah. The Premier had made a speech on July 21, 1896, in regard to the Coolgardie water scheme. Mr. MORAN: We did not think you would find that. Mr. &INGSMILL;: The Premier had said that seeing that it was going to be a reproductive work he saw little reason to consider tie question of indebtedness, un less the scheme did not pay. Their indebted ness at the time had been four and a half millions, with a population of 123,000, Which had increased bv 33,000 during that twelve months. If during the next three years it would have increased at the same rate, ?which hedid not consiaer very extra ordinary, the population would be nearly a quarter of a million. He had seen no rea son why it should not. He had seen no reason why tie population should not have increased more quickly. That was what tie Premier had said at tiat time. It was somewhat instructive to see what was then present position. In 1896 tiey occupied tie position of having the lowest indebted ness per haad in Australia. Now he main tained tihey occupied very much the highest Since 1396 tieif indebtedness had increased by practically over three times, and their revenue about fifty per cent. Their popu tion according to the Premier would in July of 1899, have been 222,000. and in July 1900, at the rate which the Premier did not think an extraordinary estimate 258,000. It was in fact 78,000 less than this amount. 2£r. DOHERTY: I hope you don't hold him responsible for that? Mr. KINGSMILL: He did not, after those statements. He absolutely refused to place any responsibility on his shoulders, because he was unable to iold it- The Pre mier had some time previously informed iflie House, much to his astonishment, perhaps, that six goldfields members had supported the Norseman railway. Where the Premier got his information from he did not know. I He denied that he bad ever opposed the Coolgardie-Noreeman railway. When it tras first brought forward he soid the line was to start from the wrong end, and he was still of tie same opinion, and would oppose it. Havinjr seen what a false pro phet the Premier was, he could not place any confidence in him or in the statements he made that night. Mr. MORAN said he regretted tiat there seemed to be a lack of speakers, for he had hoped tfhe debate would not be finished that night. He wished to ast the Premier, after hjs important financial statement of that night, whether he considered it sufficiently important to adjourn the debate until the following day? He would move the ad journment- of the debate The PRE5OER: Vviat is the matter? Mr. MORAN : We want to replv to tout speech. The PREMIER : I have no objection to an adjournment. Mr. MOSAX secured the adjournment of the debate. ADJOURNMENT. Tie House at 8.50 p.m. adjourned to 4.30 p.m. on the following day. A Cossick, who was hired at Moscow by the French lion-tamer. Pezon, to clean the cages of liis wild beaets, began Lis duties by erttsring with the bucket, sponge, and broom, not the cage of a tame beast, as his master hod done, but that of a splendid untamed tiger, which lav asleep upon the floor. The fierce animal awoke and fised his eyes on the man, who calmly proceeded ta wet his large sponge. At this moment Pezon appeared upon the scene, struck vrili horror. Any sound or motion ou his part would intensify the dnnger of the situation, so he quietly waited. The mou jik approacbed the animal, and proceeded to rub him down, as if he had been a horse or do£ ; while the £igcr. apparently de lighted with the application of cold water, rolled over on its back, stretched out its paws, and, purring, offered every part of its body to the Cossack, who washed him as complacently as a mother bathes her in fant. 