The Yellow Domino By V. Moeeia. CHAPTER XI.— (Continued.) Three monthB passed away before Sir Hastings and Lady Warminster took possession of their new home. ' Welcome, dearest wife, to my home,' he saia, grasping ner nana ana putting rns lips to her brow. She did not shrink away, nor try to free his hand, and he felt hie heart beating with the agitation of hope. Hastings,' she said falteringly, and with down oast eyes, ' we— we must try and get on a little better, and be happy together. Perhaps we can— now.' ' Oh, Geraldine, if yon only knew what snob words are to me !' he said, a deep flush ooming on his dark oheek, his eyes glowing down npon her. She looked up, almost startled by the emotion on his faee. ' I will do my best, Hastings ; I have made up my mind to- do it1' She was just ailing enough and weak enough not to be averse for others to ohoose for her ; but to bim her answer and her tone sounded as if she considered one place was as good as another, as it was not likely that she would feel happy anywhere; and it caused him the first keen disappointment that he had felt since they had taken up their abode at ' The Court.' However, ha would not allow himself to be down-hearted about this and feeling really hopeful that the change would be beneficial to hor, he began to make all the neoessary arrange ments at once, with evident pleasure and energy. Nothing could be more innooent, and nothing, as it proved, could have been more unfortunate. She observed his anxiety to take her away, his interest in all the details, and it amused her and pleased her then. On the journey to Tenby she was rather quiet and silent, but it was only beoause she was thoughtful and rather self- reproaohful. As she watohed him that day as they travelled, her mood was tenderer towards him than it had been Binoe their rupture. After all, she was thinking how good he was, how kind and thoughtful, how per severing in his attentions, and how patient with all her disagreeable moods and tempers. Many another man would have tired of it all long before. He would have ceased trying to please her, trying to persuade her that he loved her; perhapa would have grown eold and angry. Her eyes were .olosed as she sat in her corner, but he saw that she was not sleeping, and he wondered what her thoughts could be to make her face look so sweet. 1 Here we are, darling,' he said, breaking in upon them suddenly, and iu a moment or two the train stopped. He got out first, helped her, and then she stood alone for an instant while he went baok into the oompartment for her shawl and rug. It was dusk, somebody passed by her rather too olosely, tonohed her, begged her pardon, and passed on without observing who she was. At the sound of the voioo Geraldine's heart stopped beating. That sentence, hurriedly though politely said, was uttered by Mrs Moseley and no other. She felt her face flame with indignation just aB her husband joined her. Was this why he chose Tenby of all other places P This why he had been so eager and so interested P Could he have known that the Moseleys would be there that autumn ? If so, she thought to herself . paling as muoh as she bad previously flushed, of what benefit would this sea change be ? The drive to the hotel was not a long one, but long enough for her to resolve that her tender thoughts had perhapB been pre mature, and that she would wait and watch a little before unburdening herself of those few words whioh she had foolishly thought were alone needed to make permanent peaee between them. CHAPTER XII. Time dragged on but slowly at the sea side for Sir Hastings as well as for Lady Warminster, and Sir Hastings was glad to get baok to Park Street, One evening, when Sir Hastings War minster was sitting alone in his house,, a telegram was put into his hands. As a ride, Buon things did not render him the least uneasy, but this one he took with a sudden fear at his heart. He tarned pale, his fingers trembled, and he broke it open with hesitation. It oame from Tenby, and the sender, to his surprise, was Stephen Moseley. The words were few, bnt more than enough to justify the fear and dread with whioh he had received it. Lady Warminster has met with ant: aooident. If yon are in London, oome at onoe. CHAPTER XIII. Before dawn, Sir Hastings was by his wife's bedside, bat no reconciliation could take place just then, for Geraldine was too ill to heed even her beloved husband. The Rays had oome with him, and from Stephen Moseley they heard an account of what had ooonrred It appeared the head- waiter at the hotel observed that, although there was a dense fog coming np, Lady Warminster had not returned, and be communicated the fact to the proprietor. Mr Moseley ohanoed to hear this, and he joined the party who went to seek her. In bis heart he knew full well that Sir Hastings and Lady Warminster were in sad disunion, and that his wife, Viola, was in some way to blame for it. He said nothing of this then, bnt Hastings guessed by his manner that he had been glad to do all he conld as atonement for his wife's wrong-doing. They had found Geraldine lower down on the oliff than they had expeoted, insensible, and with a slight out on her temple. She must have attemp-ed to reaoh the top, and in the darkness have hit herself against a jagged and projecting piece of stone, and this had oauseid her to fall. Bat, with pro- vidential meroy, her fall was broken, and instead of being precipitated into the sea, she fell into a hollow eave below her. Either then, or subsequently, she had. fainted, and in that oondition they found her. They took her baok to the hotel, bnt feverish symptoms set in at onoe, and before that night was over her life was in danger. Mrs Ray told her, word for word, as Six Hastings had told it to her, the whole history of the Squire's mistake and all that it had entailed npon the yonng uian. Geraldine was so silent that Mrs Ray could not tell how she had taken the revelation; 1 Poor Hastings !' she said pre- gently, in a low voice, what a terrible ( position for him. It was good and generous of him not to tell me. PerhapB from him, and jnst at that 'moment, it would not have helped as to be happier. Dear papa ! what a painful mistake !' Then Geraldine, as the whole episode came vividly before her imagination, tarned her head away, and over the emaoiated countenance from neck to brow a faint doll red arose and spread. She had betrayed her nnsonght love, then, to her dear father, mid he had betrayed it to Hastings F She had been foroed npon him, and in that moment of shame and pain she understood well why Hastings had not told her. He had been too manly and too ohivalrous, aad of two evils had ehoaeu in preference to remain, to all appearanoes, blacker than he was. . ' Dearest Geraldine,' said Mrs Ray, in alarm, ' Hastings was right, after all, and I ought not to have told von' . Bat that moment of agony was over, onoe and for all. She tarned her head baok, and s-cmed oalm. ' Stoop down and kiss me, Eatie. On the contrary, thank yon, dear, for telling me. I Bee that I shonld never have heard it from him, but it will help us now to start our life again better still than we should have done. As yon said, that ghost is laid for ever now. ' She sleeps now, Hastings, so— ' Ton have been there an immense time,' he said jeaiously. 1 Yes ; bnt 1 don't think I have done her any harm. Yon shall see her very soon. I will go baok and watoh her, and tell yon the instant Bhe awakes,' she said, gladly leaving him, for she intended that from Geraldine and not from her he should learn the snbjeot of their conversation. ' Oh, thank you, Eatie ; you are so good,' he said, brightening and seeing her to the door. Bye and bye, Eatie Ray, with quiet footfall slipped out of the siok room onoe more, this time to tell the impatient husband that he oould now go to the dearly-loved wife who had jnst been snatohed from death. She found him in the passage, where, with agitated breath, he had been waiting for half an hoar. A sign was sufficient, and then the door olosed with him and he fonnd himBelf alone with Geraldine. She stxetohed out her weak arms towards him, and he went to her and pat them round hita, and he held her up against him. ' Oh, my darling 1' he said, ' thank Heaven for this moment — for the boon of your life and for the return of your love. ' My love never went, Hastings ; it waa always yoors, dearest husband, though I may not have shown it. I have been wrong, unjust, hard. I don't deserve this ; yon had every right to be angry. Then, with broken words, she told him . all the details of that last day, when he left her in anger- « Say it, Hastings ; let ine hear your dear lips tell me from your heart that yon oan forgive me. Oh, beloved hosband ! if yon oannot— My darling, my own— yon oonfose me, gain me- It is not for me to forgive, it It is,' she said, with pitiful eagerness. ' The past is dead, Hastings, forgotten, for given ; if you wish to hear this from me, but for my hardness, for—' ' Beloved wife, oalm yourself and say no more. I forgive von, thocgh'Heaven is my witness that I say this to oomfort yon, and that there is, and never has been, exoepting for that brief moment when I left yon, any thing in my heart against you ; on the con trary, nothing but love and pity, and infinite yearning for this blessed moment of perfeot understanding and unity-' Then he folded her in his arms once again, and he felt no shame that a moisture fathered in his eyes, and fell in one or two rops on the sweet, tearful face upturned to his. Not that day, bnt a little later, Geraldine told her. husband of Eatie Ray's revelations to her, and then, seeing something in his face, she stopped him from speaking. No, Hastings, not a word against her, or to her. She meant well and she did well, and in my heart is everlasting gratitude to her. The story oame best from hor, dearest); in faot, you would never have told it to me, probably being too generous and too con siderate. Darling papa, it is well that he does not know what, in all iunooonoe, his mistake brought npon us both.' 1 And yet, Geraldine—1 he began, searching her eyes. As their glances met, they knew then that neither of them wonld have had the past undone. Their love, their happiness, their perfeot trust, more than compensated for it all. Not even to have been spared the mis understandings, the strife, the misery of those last few months would they have been withont one another, would they have relinquished the unutterable joy of the- pre- ' sent, the peaceful seourity of the future. Tub Era. The railways bring into London abont 80,000,000 gallons of milk per annum. 