DIVOBCECASE. - (By Telegraph.) SYDNEY, December 13. . The famous divorce case is now with in measureable distance of its end. Mr .Want finished his impassioned andelo quent ^ address to the jury about half past eleven, when Mr Coninghara com menced. . Ae course, of his addrejss the pCThoner poiiited .jut how he had to . the qase alone against the ablest Counsel in the world, and surrounded by .others who had myrmidons- to do Referring to his wife he I met her in 1890, and courted her "Wee years. I found no blemish whatever; she waited to tell me her past, but I did not want to know it. I found her conscientious and true, and She continued so till fate ihrew her into *he clutches of one of religious training, who* "Worked iiis web around her till he took her; affection from me and robbed Ji£r of a mother's highest honor, her children of their good name, and fne of her love and affection, and left me what I arri now. When quite a girl she fell, and went to her father confessor, Father Fouhy. He absolved her from that sin and she tried to hide her shame, and hid it &o; that only one :nan, the father, and OTe-wboan. the nurse, knew it, besides er Jouhy. That woman came 750 miles to tell what had occurred all these years ago, assisted by her father con fessor, who was in Sydney, for he. the petitioner, had seen Father Fouhy. Why did they not call Father Fouhy? Because if he had entered the box and told what the girl had confessed to him, what 'Would ths world have thought. They dared not put him there. He, as her husband, knew of her illegitimate child for the first time as he sat at the Court table. He had not wanted to know; perhaps he had suspected something, but ? he was' satisfied with her as he found her. The petitioner was nearing the end of his address when the Court adjourned -for-luncheon. Continuing his address, petitioner sa'd he did not regard the damages; he did. not wanft <to (touch a penny, whatever the jury might give him; he did not wanft the filthy stuff; it was his children he was fighftang 'for. In conclusion he remarked (there was a' passage in Horace to the effect that punishment, though slow atfodt. sel dom failed to overtake the guilty: this case should prove Hie accuracy of the assertion. Mr - Justice Simpson commenced summing up ait a quarter to 3; he pointed ouit that though it might seem strange it was quite open, to the jury to find against fthe respondeat on the issue of adultery, bift still not against the co respondent; never since he had been siiltLng in divorce had he pre sided -ovejr a case in which a respond ent, the guilty woman, had been call ed as a witness and (admitted her adul tery to /try to prove adultery against co- respondent. If in this case the jury conscieriitiously believed respond ent to ba a witness <to the'truth they should find a verdict in favor of peti tLoner, even if she stood alone and ab . sotiftely unsupported; (the evidence of a£c6p|ed as true, must carry, more weight ithera 20 or 3p on the ^her fclde "whose ttegtimony ' seemed ^mgn^ta doubt; ^fthe jurydid not re f^fip-ndierit and co-respondent, becauseth&fc-would; be impossible with op!t ocular proof; the law merely re quired that #he jurors exercising the faculties God had given <them should ' feel satisfied of #he guilt of accused as reasonable men; in this case ho thought it would be impossible for them to find against the respondent "Without also finding against the co-re fipbndent; it would be judt as serious (or co-respondent if Hhey found against Conipgham but not against him. The question had been raised as to ab solution; there was no doubt if what p#t^<m-r .lmd said was true, if there was such a doctrine in the Church of iRome, It was most dreadful; could they lidieVe in any church there could be a doctrine by which a man could commit. adultery on Monday, confess aria r£ca?ve aTwoluftion on Friday, and tfien*goln'iot}ie witness box and swe&r; lie had nWercommitted adultery at p]i Ijft had been absolved, and 5»]f W ne of the'Church, of Rome. »there was no such1 3«bjg io be yporn to' m °*T' dinal, Dr. O'Haran and Father Byrne kiss d vhe Protectant Bible, still Dr. O'Haran said that the latter oath was binding .on his conscience, although a Catholic Bible would have been pre ferred., Father Creegan was asked whether after absolution it was con sidered there had been no sin; wit ness said Ho, but thait was hardly con tiSteiJt with Dr. Q'Haran's statement. Co-respondent said if a man got abso lu&on; from the Church <of Home and the Bin was forgiven it was wiped out, 'tLough your sins be as scarlet they eliEiil be as white as snow.' Between the two churches (there was in (the es timation of some people a difference on the question of (absolution by priests, but if they read the passages in the English prayer-book for the visitation of the sick they would see if a sick man was moved to make a con fession the priest was (bo say: 'I ab solve thee from all tthy sins in the name of the Father, Son and Hciy Ghost.' Having quoted from the ev, idence concerning the doctrine of the Church of Rome as to the forgiveness of sins, his Honor asked if there was anything wrong with that? Was it not the doctrine of Christianity? If sin were forgiven St was bloiflted out; cf course it would be,a dreadful thing if God forgave a sin and it was no,f so. H's Honor had not concluded his summing up ai the rising of the Court, and the case was adjourned till to morrow, the jury being allowed to go home, as they have been all through. 