PERSONALITIES- Mr. W. H. Gladstone was president "of Pop '—the Eton Debating Society — and, according to one of his schoolmates— wlio could hardly have realised the pun he was uerDotratinc— was very nonular in. that capacity. He was a splendid speaker, a brilliant fives player, and a very useful cricketer — in fact,1 he -was really a good all-round man. . , . The Prince of Wales occasionally played cricket at Cambridge whon he was there, but the only formal match- he ever - took part in wub between 1 Zingari and the Gentlemen of Norfolk, at-Sandringliani.. The Prince went in first — and went out first, for cricket balls havo not the least respect for royalty, and ho was bowled first hall. However, he was on the win ning sido, the Zingari. Lord Jersey was a splendid runner when ho was a hey, and won the mile at'Eton in 18(12. He waB a good football player, bnt was delicate, and onco at the College was so ill that Iur lite wa9 dOBpairod of. Tho Earl of Dudloy must ho ono of tho woalthiost noblemen in. tho kingdom. Ho owns about 20,000 acres, and his rent-roll is estimated at -£1211,000. But this by no means l-opresonts tlio' roal wealth of tho Wards, for tho-Earl is a great miilo owner and ironmaster in tho Midlands. Lord Dudley has ostatos in Worcestershire, Staffordshire, Merionethshire, and Rox- burgshiro. Tho Quoon of the Netherlands has a decided fondnoss for protty clothes. A. largo assortment of dress goods was sorit to the pnlaco the other day, aiid hor motlior proceeded to chooso for tho Queen spmo alpaca and plain material; hut Queen Wilholinina flatly rofusod to abide by tho soloction, and clioso figured silks and brilliant dross materials, oven for morning wear. Sho said that lior loving paront might mako use of tho plain Btufis if she liked them, but sho wantod some thing prettier. Nothing bettor illustrates tlio Btrongili of the German Emperor's will than his persistent and successful pursuit of sport in spite of physical disqualification. Although his right arm is useless for Bhooting jmrposos, ho shoots witli suoh industry nnd success that lie has porson- j— j r on non l,n!i.ri nr any aceuuubeu ioi , j- — -- game. His method of shooting is novel i and ingouious. When tlio quarry io sighted, his attendant plants a woodon forked Bupport in tho ground; tho Em peror rests his gun on this and fires with his left hand, without appearing oven to take proper aim. Each day's score is out with a knife on tho woodon support-. Mr. Charles Neufeld, who for twolvo years was a prisouor of tho Khalifa at - Omdurman, had some very terrible ex periences. Ono littlo amusement his captors indulged in was to blow thoir two groat war-liornB, mado from olophants tusks, right against his oars, noarly driving him mad. Thon he wasted out to be hanged ; but ho was repriovod at tho last minute, and thrust into a prison so densely packed that arinfuls of lighted grass had to bo flung in by tho gaolers, in , order to mako tlio unhappy prisouois squeeze still more tightly together. Dr. Nowmon Hall Bays that whon ho was a very small boy hiB favourite hook was tho Pilgrim's Progress' — 'Piggy Pogoy,' ash© thon called it. At uino ho started to smoko, and at the samo ago loft off smoking for good, because of tlio un pleasant effects which driod cane cut into cigarettes had upon his 'internal economy. At ten ho was sont to school, and was immediately forced by his new friends to help a small hoy fight a bigger ono, wit h tho result that Hall had his jawbone put slightly out of place, aud felt tho effects for many years afterwards. Dr. Hall must havo had a good deal of pluck whon ho was a youth. Ho finished up his college life witli ft knapsack tour.- in tho Highlands with a friend. He naturally rend up Sir Walter Scott beforo going, and found in 'Marmion' that Michael - Scott, the magician, was buried in the" chancel of Molroso Abboy- under a big stone, and that at ono o'clook ovory morn ing he was supposed to riso from his grave, and prowl about. Hall's friend did not care about ghost-hunting, and stayed in bed ; hut Nowman Hall wept to the old Abboy one night-, locked himself in, and sat on tho stono in tho chancol, with, a club in his hand, waiting forth© appear ance of tho magician. Perhaps the latter was frightened of tho club.; at all events,, ho did not appear. Readers of Dr. George MacDonald's hooks will readily holiovo that ho took- ail- early interest in temperance questions. Tho nowor with which- ho describes tho -'-a. i .TFi/lrlliim' gvllb ul lucoiujjcimiuo Soutar's Last Tune/ ' Sir Gibbio/ etc., Bhow that ho has thought long and to purpose on tlioso matters; How true this is may ho gathered' from- tho -fact that, whon in his last years- at school, beforo leaving liis native village at tbo age ; of fourteen to attends Aberdeen University, MacDonald was a pronounced advocate , of temperance, nnd usad to hold forth among his schoolmates - at meetings whioh were originated- and carried on mainly- througK - his influence with his class-follows. - 