* HOW A GHOST WAS LAID. ,-Tihe carmectteni between a dumb cathe dral organ pipe and a ghost is not-at . first sight, very obvious. Nevertheless, tihe ''British Ardhitecfc" manager to link the two things together in- a -way that will interest a3i scientists-in! spite of the fac; (fluat _ one incident . ocLurred. early in. the ' thirties and tlhe other verv retcentlv. In first instance, the late Mr. T. C. Bishop, \--the .inventor of organ, composition* pedals. .Trtifi employed, it appears, to add pedal pipes (then so-called) to 'tJhe old oiyan of tine cathedral at Hereford. Shortly after .his work ^was (^cnipletecfc com-mainication ri reached him frem the authorities rejwrt ing, to his great astonishment, t!he failure of tihe lowest E pipe to "speak." He at ooice'visited the place/and attempted to locate the mischief, witth tlhe help of the organist. He was a genius in the wi'y of ?Safcing infinite pains, and, having formed hia theory, eventually discovered that in a . .'dSstarilt part of tlhe building a -window f whenever this, note was sounded persis 'teritlv vibrated and produced quite an audible buzzing noise. _ As a consequence, all that trouble was quickly ended; by stif fen mc fFnis en-ring pane. Now for the coincidence. A man whr> had '"read, marked.' Ejid1 learned"' this un common example of diagnosis and cure, re cently rented a house in Kemp' Town, Brighton. Before the drawing-room was carpeted loud steps; across its floor, very ing in naipidjity '.tik! intcjisnty of sound, ?were heard iii this empty room again and again^ by tihose in; the room below, caus ing the pet dog to bark furi'oraiy and the .inaster' of' t/he h'ouse, and the dog to hurry upstairs to expel the intruder. On every occasion, this was a waste of energy. The \- room was found empty. Finally he recol lectc-d Sir. Bishop's metlhods; and' by care ful. examination', he eooni found out that whenever anyone walking on tlhe pavement in front auproached t'he 'house 'hiie steps ceased So be audible outside the moment he came abreast'"of the building; and were sympathetically transferred to- aird sounded by the wooden floor of this emnty room being (heard the moment tlhe wallker passed the 'house in their prwjeir place ajsain- out side. A carpet on the floor Solved the difficulty! Doubtless .other gboste in otiher .places could be "hid/" dm tlhe same fas biaa. 