Levallion's Heir. CHAPTER XXI. WHITE POPPIES OF OBLIVION. Lovallion, left alone on the wet grass, had never made ono step after her. Alone, in the night and tho rain, ho had fought down that dreadful passion, that loath ing that had made him forget everything bnt the desire to be rid of a venomouB thing. He fought down, too, a harder thing, the shame that comes after the breaking out of a devil's temper, whose leash ' has ? given way under strain; and' at last could turn and go into his house, join his party, as if nothing had happened. 'Well! Did yob discover any one ?' Lord Chayter inquired coyertly. Levallion looked at him. ' There was nb one there,' ho said, calmly,, not knowing that to have told the truth Would have been to put a bar in. the way his young wife must travel. He could not tell Chayter what was none of . his business, and might work ronnd through the women to Ravenel. His eyes passed hig friend and found his wife. ' By — !' said the man's mind, heavily, ' if ever I saw innocence, thero it Bits. What do I care if sho was engaged to Adrian twenty times over : she did not marry mo to bo Lady Levallion 1 She married mo because she was wretched, and if I would have listened to hor sho would havo told mo tho whole story. Ask Sylvia !' he smiled as he alone could smile, when his heart ached. ' I would as soon ask the devil for holy water ! And if Tommy did not punch my head for impertinence if I asked him — gad! I'd kick him. I'm not in my dotage that I believe tho statements of an angry, hya teVical woman.' But, in spite of himself, Levallion saw every action of Ravonel'B through a magnify ing glass all the next day. It rained, and there was no shooting to speak of ; the men wore at homo by luncheon itime, and up to that Lady Levallion had been with them, chaperoning Mrs. Damerel (Bick, and against her will, since to kill birds for pleasure was to her a crime,). And all thjjji afternoon she never spoke to Adrian Gordon, nor ho to hor. They might have been utter strangers, with a preconceived dislike to ouo another. ? But Adrian locked lik« a haunted man, who deliberately turns his eyeB from the sight ho dare not see. ' Levallion,' said a charming voice in his ear at tea time, ' I have an idea !' It was .Mrs. Damerel, who had for years cherished a platonic — and unreturned— affec- tion for her handsome, sharp-tongued host, Levallion repressed the obvious retort. ' Toll it,' he drawled ; ' I never havo any !' 'Let us havo a fancy ball to- night — oh ! I know thero are only twenty of ns, but it's enough. The men can wear ovening dress,' shrewdly, ' but tho women must all dress in thoir favourite flower, and wear masks. We're nearly all the 'same height, and it would bo so amusing. Fancy,' \vith a delighted laugh, ' if you wero to tako mo for your wife !' \ ' You novor gavo me a chance ! You 're fused to poison Damerel,' calmly. ' Every woman her favourite flower — delicious P But what a revelation of character! What's yours ? Tho flower of silence ?' 'Then wo may P' cried Mrs. Damarol,and hoped sho blushed, thought it would have taken sharper eyes' than Levallion's to see it. ' I'll toll Lady Levallion. My flower, indeed ! Wo will all bo quito secret, and you can guess when you see us,' abandoning her choice of tho rose of silenco for the more exciting mistletoe of kisses. ' Oh, Levallion' ! don't ?vou think tho duchoss would 'bo lovolv as a cauliflower ?' in a wicked whisper. ' Sho, is ! so like ono.' ?' I'll inquire,' said Levallion, briskly, and ho did, with Mrs. Damerol's oomplimonts, perfectly aware tho duchess detested her. Bavonel jumpod at' tlio proposal,- sinod it would bo better tha'n nothing, would pass the time of whioh sho yet grudged ovory hopeless, useless minute, sinoo thoy only brought tho day nearer whon Adrian would bo gone. Sho lookod at tho tea-gownod woman arouud hor with somo interest, though boforo thoy had boon to her littlo moro than moving shadows who yet must be ontortainod and amused. Thoro woro only Boven, counting liorsolf and tho Duchoss of Avonmero, for Levallion had no opinion of pooplo who askod ton ordinai-y husbands and wives lo thoir houses and ex pected it to bo a clioorful gathoring. Thirtoon meni of whom only two woro husbands, kept things stirring. It was no business of Loral lion's whoro tho throo uninvited husbands had botakou thomsolvos. 'I boliovp,' sho said to. liorsolf, ' that I know what flower oaoli ono of thoso women will ohooBQ !' and she laughed ( as sho sent an order to tho groon-liouso that' ovory ono was to have exactly what thoir maids asked for. Tho thought of hor own favourito flower took the colour from her ohook. Oh, tho whito may that had filled tho whole world tho day that sho and Adrian partod— -forovor — with- out knowing it. Nover again would Lady Levallion smoll may of , lier ~own froo will. tSho looked up almost guiltily as Lovallion Bpoko to hor undor covor' of gritting Mrs. Damorol's second oup of toa. ' You-look tirod'; slip away and rost,' ho advisod, with a coldness that was not like him — to hor. ' And bo wiso iu timo,RayonoTj don't wear real flowers to-night, unloss you want to rosoriiblo tho swoepings of, Covont Gdrdou!' Lady Lovallion nodded. 'It was that shooting; it mndo mo fool Hick,' hastily ; and if lio did not boliovo hor, Booing Adrian's faoo and liars, ho liked lior conrago. If slio had oomo to - him and oriod and coniided, be would have despised lier? even while bo dried' her tears. To ease your own soul by piling your indiscretions or sorrows on some one else was against Leval lion's creed, ' I have no favourite flower,' she said, with a laugh, having crushed down tho ghosts of flowers she loved and hated, ' and — listen, Levallion, bend your head down, and— neither have . any of them ! They're racking their brains now to discover what their adorers prefer.' Levallion laughed. He had not thought Bho knew so much, all his dear friends being truly but mirrors of the poso of the moment, on the tastes' of the ' man in possession.' And her laugh lightened his heart, and made him remember that Hester Murray was, and always liad been, a liar. ' Mind you look better than tho lot,' he J remarked cheerfully, and without much anxiety, for not a woman in tho room could come near her for looks. ' My favourite flower will depend on what Celeste has in her boxes,' sho thought, is sh-f went upstairs. Ordinary evening dross was to be worn at dinner, as usual; but before the men came to tho picture gallery, where they wero to dance, the ladies could have time to change and pat on their masks, Which Mrs. Damerol's maid was making out ofjblack silk, exactly alike, with black hoods to rnotch land cover the hair, which might betray tho wearers. . ? Celeste, with a face of despair, had nothing. ' There aro pink roses, but they would bo so ordinary, my lady,' sho said, rooting wildly in her stores. 'Nothing else, unless \- — ' She opened a cardboard box doubt fully, and gazed at its contents. ' Thdy.aro not gay, flowers !' she conimented, 'They will do, . perfectly,' said Ravenel, after one second. ' They aro very— appropri- ate. Sow them on firmly, Celeste, and make mo a littlo wreath that will go under my hood.' An old tag of poetry had leaped into hor memory as she looked at tho white mass in the box, bnt she had no tremors lest any one else should remember and apply it. Sho looked at herself narrowly in the -glass when, after dinner (which, by the way,' was anything but good, Levallion having had a fresh battle with Carrousel on the subject of the disappearance of tho first orchids of tho season) she achieved her toilette and, with thankfulness, hid herself in her thiok, black mask. For behind it she could let her mouth take what shape it liked, and, thank God ! for ono' night need not be always smiling, '* Levallion was 'late. -He stood at one end of tho long picture gallery, whence he had coolly banished all his ancestors as being too hideous to contemplate, and looked between the walls covered with modern French pictures to tho far end of the room. Thoro wero tho gueBts in a group — and for -a moment he was honestly puzzled, for tho women wore all of a height, as Mrs. Damerel had said.v Then ho laughed, for ho saw tho1 duchess. And tho ducheBS had taken Mrs. Damerol's words to heart and bedecked herself with real and veritable cauliflowers — but with what a genius 1 , On. tho white velvet gown were boBtowed wreaths and bunches of the white part of hor homely vegetable, whioh were almost as vel vety as the gown itsolf. ' She disdained either mask or hood, and hor curled, grey, head rose over her adornments with' tho. air of a woman who -may, bo^fifty j- but has /slain a spiteful foo with hor own weapon, and knows it. ' Tho bluo ono with forget-me-nots is Lady Chayter.' Levallion looked again at the group., ' Artificial 1 Artificial !' I don't boliovo j sno over picicea a real one in nor lire. ' Yollow and Maroolial Niel rososr— Mrs. Arbuthnot. That sweet vision of chiffon and lilies is Betty Beauohamp ! Betty — who has a now young man every month in tho year!' and lio grinned. It waB more amusing than suofr nonsenso usually turned out. But from Lady Gwen doline Brook, in dull orango and evil orchids ho tiirnod his head in disgust) commenting dryly that sho was too modern for future parties of his. 'I always stood up for. her, too, which is awkward. But I nevor understood what sho really was till I saw thoso devilish brown spotted orchids.' and his oyos found Mrs. j Damerol and laughed. Shy and modest violets oovored Mrs. Damerol's lilao satin, mistletoe having boon unprocurable. Mrs. Damerel — ? who shot and. huntod and smoked, and usually put hor conversation into plain terms ! Sho might put six masks on 'hor face whon sho forgot not to stick out hor solf-asBerting elbows. . And thon ho lookod no more, for his glance had fallen on o woman in whito, standing nlono at a little distanoo from tho others: It was Ravonol, in a plain, ivory satin grown, coverod with groat trails 'of whito, poppios with purplisli-blaok hearts, and dull greon velvet loaves. Ovor a mass of tho, pallid flowers of sloop and death lier faoo and hoitd wero tragic in tho black shroudings, that lio hod somehow novor thought lookod sinister on tho other women. And not hor mask nlono sont a ohill to Le vallion's heart. Hor oyoB, blaoli and anxious in thoir narrow oyoholos, woro fixed pn Adrian Gordon, who for once stood bosido hor, and was whispering in hor ear. And as ho spoko hor sombre oy on flaaliod with a suddon brightness, a joy tliey had novor had for Lovallion. v (To le continued.) 