DIVORCE COURT. (Before Mr. Justice Simpson.) MATTHEWS v. MATTHEWS. His Honor delivered his reserved judgment in this case. The suit wasbrought by Catherine Matthews for a dissolution of marriage with James Charles Mat- thews, on the ground of desertion. Evidence was heard on the 29th ultimo, when his Honor found all the issues in favour of the petitioner, but deferred pronounc- ing a decree until a certain affidavit was filed. The affidavit having been filed, his Honor now pro- nounced a decree nisi for the dissolution of the mar- riage, making it returnable in one month, petitioner to have custody of the child. (Before Mr. Justice Simpson and a special jury of twelve.) CONINGHAM v. CONINGHAM (O'HARAN CO- RESPONDENT). (Part heard.) The petitioner, Arthur Coningham, appeared in person. There was no appearance on behalf of the respondent, Alice Stanford Coningham. Mr. Want, Q.C., and Mr. Ralston, instructed by Mr. T. M. Slat- tery, appeared for the co-respondent, the Rev. Denis Francis O'Haran. This was a suit in which the petitioner, Arthur Coningham, sought a dissolution of his marriage with his wife, Alice Stanford Coningham, on the ground of adultery with the Rev. Denis Francis O'Haran, who was joined as co- respondent. Mr. Want continued his address. He asked the attention of the jury to the letters written by the respondent to persons other than her husband ; she alluded to him as " Connie." In her letters to her husband the respondent addressed him as " My dear husband." The petitioner paid for his wife's board at Mrs. Abrahams's, and then took her away to Mrs. Bray's. He himself, however, went to lodge at Jesmond-place, though he went to Mrs. Bray's, and stayed some nights in the same room with his wife. Mr. Want pointed out how easy it was for the respondent to fix dates when she knew when a Catholic priest was bound to be at his post. But the co- respondent was able to tell his movements on those dates. Apart from respondent's evidence there was absolutely nothing against the co-respondent ; in fact, all the evidence was in his favour. Some comment was made because most of these witnesses were Catholics. But they would not expect Cardinal Moran to officiate at St. James' ; and, on the other hand, it was only rea- sonable that Dr. O'Haran would know and be kuown by people of that faith of which he was a minister. If, however, they were prepared to discount the evi- dence of Roman Catholics, then they must remember that Mrs. Coningham was a member of that Church. When the respondent first told her story she had for- gotten that the old stone wall and the other obstruc- tions prevented her going the way she said she went with the co-respondent. The jury had seen the place, and would know that respondent had blundered, in spite of her knowledge of the locality. He asked the jury if they disbe- lieved Mrs. Coningham after the alibi proved by Dr. O'Haran with reference to June 29, to also disbelieve the story she related with reference to July 3, which it was alleged took place pursuant to an appointment made on the former date. Then respondent picked on St. Patrick's night, when she knew that Dr. O'Haran was in the habit of going with the Cardinal to the concert. Fortunately for the co-respondent, he had to go to the concert early, and if the jury believed all the witnesses who testified to Dr. O'Haran's movements on that night then they must disbelieve Mrs. Coningham's evidence. On all important points the evidence on behalf of the petitioner was contradicted, even to the naming of the child born in November. He did not want to rely on Dr. O'Haran's own sworn testimony ; he was willing to deal with the story of the peti- tioner and his wife, and to show from their own evidence that they had failed in their attempt and that Dr. O'Haran was absolutely innocent of the charge laid against him. Petitioner then addressed the jury. He said that Mr. Want had pointed out that the only witness he had was Mrs. Coningham. He would, however, point out that all his witnesses were adherents of the Roman Catholic Church and it was with difficulty that he got any answers from them. He had fought this case alone, while on the other side there was the ablest counsel at the Bar. As soon as he became aware of his wife's infidelity he wrote to the co- re- spondent, but the letters which he had written were not produced in court. If there was one word of blackmail in them he would ask the jury whether they would not have been brought into court. From his childhood he (petititioner) had had nothing to do with courts of law ; this was the first case with which he had been connected. He would ask the jury to dis- regard the suggestions of collusion set up by the co-respondent, because there was no evidence what- ever to prove it. There was not one breath of sus- picion against the character of respondent since her marriage, except this misconduct with the co-respondent, and all the astuteness of the other side had not been able to establish it. All that Mr. Want could bring out against him was a dishonoured cheque for £2 5s. There was no crime in that. He asked the jury what should be the punishment of a man whose duty it was to direct the erring into the paths of virtue if they found these charges proved. Was it likely that the co-respondent would admit the truth of these charges against him ? He asked the jury in weighing the testimony to judge by the demeanour of respondent under cross-examination in the box. What could be a woman's object in telling this story ? The opposing counsel had never even suggested a motive. He directed the jury's attention to the difference in the evidence of the co-respondent, Langton, and the boy O'Brien re- garding a message alleged to be sent to Mrs. Coning- ham about the baby. There was also a discrepancy in co-respondent's account of the giving of the harp to Mrs. Coningham. Co-respondent had not accounted for his departure from his usual custom in putting his initials and date on the dark part of the photograph instead of his full name on the mounting. He asked the jury to believe Mrs. Con- ingham's account of the gift of the photograph, and commented upon Dr. O'Ha- ran's evidence regarding the telephone message. As to the night of March 17, there was one matter of which the jury were entitled to take cognisance. It was sworn that that was the only night on which Dr O'Haran was not punctual at his appointment. A conclusion could be drawn from that. Respecting the confession made in writing by the respondent, it was in the same state now as when it was received by him. He had made no alteration whatever in it, but whether the respondent had struck out anything after she wrote it, and before she sent it to him, he could not say. It was sworn by him that the confession was now in the same state as when it came into his hands, and he repeated that oath. The letters written to Miss Shiels which had been put in evidence went to prove that there had been, and could be, no collusion between himself and his wife. He (petitioner) had promised respondent that he would not proceed to extremes, and Mrs. Coningham wrote to Miss Shiels on that assumption. Had there been collusion Mrs Coning- ham would not have written these letters. There was a matter connected with the man Henry James or Grimshaw. This man served the petition on the respondent, and she said he advised her to tear up the petition and not appear. They also found that this man was acting for the other side. He asked the jury to discount the evidence of Mrs. Gorman as to the character of his wife during the time he (petitioner) was in England. There was evidence in direct contradiction to it, and the records of the courts would show on which side the truth lay. He combated Mr. Want's statement that witnesses had been manufactured. It was unnecessary for him to go into the remarks made by the opposing counsel as to his legal assistants. As to his own character, if there was anything against it the other side would have brought evidence about it. Mr. Want had called him a blackmailer, but he had put his peti- tion on the records of the court, and claimed £5000 damages. That did not make him a blackmailer, and he defied the opposing side to bring an atom of proof that he had ever attempted to get a penny out of Dr. O'Haran. He did not want a penny of the damages. Mr. Want had sought to show that there was collusion between respondent and himself, but no answer of that kind had been filed, and if it were he asked the jury to say that that did not affect the guilt or otherwise of Dr. O'Haran. There was nothing strange about the posting of his wife's confession to him in the city. He would never have sought justice in the court if his letters to the co-respondent had been answered. He drew the attention of the jury to the consistency between his evidence and that of his wife, which went to contradict the theory of concoction. Various stories were told by the witnesses about the co- respondent's attendance at the Town Hall on St. Patrick's night, 1899, but he could easily have been at the presbytery between 7 and 8 o'clock, as well as at the Town Hall. He asked the jury if it were likely that any woman would tell such a story as the witness Langton said Mrs. Coning- ham told him. Mrs. Coningham came to the court and told her story straightforwardly, and he thought that in all Mr. Want's career he had never met such a witness. He asked the jury to judge between the demeanour of respondent and the co-respondent in the witness-box. Mr. Want asked for a clean-cut issue—that was all he (petitioner) wanted. He stood there for nine days to fight the case penniless and alone, fighting against brains and money. He hoped their verdict would mete out a punishment that would deter others from guilt. The jury had seen the witnesses and heard the evidence, and he left the matter in their hands. His Honor, in summing up, read the issues which the jury had to try. The first issue which they had to try was, he said, whether the parties were married on March 11, 1893. They had the certificate of marriage, about which there was no contest, so the jury might find in favour of the petitioner on that issue. The second issue was whether defendant had committed adultery with the co- respondent. As he had told them during the progress of the case it might appear strange to them, but it was quite open to a Judge sitting by himself, or a jury, to believe in certain circum- stances, and according to the evidence in any particular case, that the respondent committed adul- tery with the co-respondent, although they might find that the co-respondent did not commit adultery with the respondent. There was no question about such a verdict, for the simple reason that there might be evidence in a case against the respondent, but no evidence whatever against the co-respondent. An admission that she had committed adultery, if that were proved against her to the satisfaction of the jury, was evidence against her, and judges and juries might find a verdict upon those admissions. But the admissions of a respondent outside the court, while they were evidence against her, were no evidence whatever against the co-respondent. That was both law and justice. A woman might say any- thing she liked outside the court against anyone she pleased, and her statement was evidence against her- self, but it would be very hard if this evidence was to be taken against the man. The jury need not, he thought, trouble themselves very much in this par- ticular case by such considerations as arose where a woman simply made an admission out of court. If the respondent had not been called here as a witness there would not have been the smallest possible tittle of evidence against Dr. O'Haran, because her admissions outside the court were no evidence whatever against the co-respon- dent. Here, however, the woman had given evidence, and that evidence was distinct from an admission outside as against Dr. O'Haran, and was entitled to such weight as the jury thought ought under all the circumstances to be attached to it. At the out- set he might as well say that he had never, since he had been performing among other duties those of a Judge of the Divorce Court, met with any case in which the respondent was called as a witness, and had admitted her own adultery and that of the co-respondent. He was not aware of any case where such a thing had arisen. His Honor then directed the attention of the jury to the case of Crawford v. Crawford, Dilke co-respondent, as illustrating the case where a verdict might be found against the respondent, but not against the co-re- spondent. He also directed their attention to the words of the late Chief Justice Cockburn in deliver- ing a judgment in the Appeal Court on an appeal from a decision of the Judge Ordinary in case of Robinson v. Robinson and Lane. The Lord Chief Justice in that decision spoke of the weight which should be given to the admissions of a respondent made outside the court. He spoke of admissions made outside the court being evidence against the party making them, but not evidence against the co-respondent Lane, and also pointed out how care- fully such admissions ought to be weighed. The jury might return a verdict upon the evidence in favour of the petitioner on both the issues if they believed the evidence of the respondent. They might think also that there had been indirect corrobo- ration of her evidence. There were circumstances in the case which had been relied upon by Mr. Moss, attorney for the petitioner, in his opening address, and by the petitioner which under the circumstances might amount to corroboration. The giving of the photo might be considered to be one of them. According to the evidence of the petitioner he found it one day in his wife's box—on May 22 or 23 of this year. The photo had upon it the initials of Dr. O'Haran. Petitioner said that he had noticed his wife's coldness towards him, and searched her box one day when she was out and found the photograph and the small harps produced. Respondent said it was given to her one night after misconduct had occurred, but Dr. O'Haran gave an entirely different version of it. He stated that Mrs. Coningham told him that she had got the photo at the fair, as he had not given her one, and that she went to him and asked him to put his initials upon it. He took it into the room where other people were working at the time and wrote his initials on it, afterwards returning it to her. The date on the photo was October 2, and Dr. O'Haran said that this was the only thing which en- abled him to fix the date. After he wrote the initials and the date he replaced the photo in the paper in which it had been wrapped and returned it. His evidence on this point was not corroborated. The value of the gift did not consist in its pecuniary value. He would not allude to these matters any more than to refer to Mr. Want's suggestion that the name was written across the photograph because otherwise it would be hidden when the picture was placed in a frame. Dr. O'Haran had given photo- graphs to other ladies and there was no suggestion of impropriety in their cases. His Honor quoted from the finding of the Judge Ordinary (now called the President of the Divorce Court), in the case of Ginger v. Ginger, where a judicial separation was sought on the grounds of the husband's misconduct. In that case the only witness as to the misconduct was the paramour, and her evi- dence was rebutted by witnesses, who said they never missed the respondent from the room on occasions when misconduct was alleged to have taken place elsewhere. In Dr. O'Haran's case a whole host of witnesses swore that they never missed him from the processions. In the case quoted from, the Judge Ordinary said if he were forced to depend upon the evidence of the paramour he must decide in the affirmative, but her story must be examined to see if it was free from all reasonable doubt. And that was what the jury had to be satisfied about in this case. They had to find the issues, " Yes or No." There was no such thing as " not proven." They must consider the principle of the law—that the case for the petitioner must be made out to the satis- faction of the jury, without reasonable doubt. The petitioner's story was clear and distinct. There was a somewhat parallel case, Ciocci v. Ciocci. In that case the wife sought a judicial separation from her husband, and it had been stated in support of the charge of mis- conduct made against him that he had been seen talk- ing to women of bad character. The husband set up the defence that he was a member of a prisoners' aid society, and did so in the course of his duty. In that case the Judge said that the presumption in favour of innocence should be acted upon if there was any reasonable doubt. Without ocular proof it was im- possible to be absolutely certain in cases of these kind ; but the law required that they should be satis- fied in their own minds beyond reasonable doubt. Let them ask themselves in their own minds, doing justice to all parties, not considering one party be- fore the other, whether they were satisfied. They were not to search about for doubts. This was not a case in which they could find a verdict of miscon- duct against Mrs. Coningham and not against Dr. O'Haran. That would be almost as serious a thing for the co-respondent as a verdict against him. This was not a case where the confession was made outside the Court. It was made inside the Court, and was evidence against the co-respondent. Referring to the question of damages, it was per- fectly true that not one penny of the money, if a ver- dict were given for £5000, need go to petitioner. He (his Honor) could settle every penny upon the children, or as a provision for the maintenance of the wife. Somebody had probably told the pe- titioner that, possibly Mr. Abigail. He (his Honor) did not see any impropriety in that. Mr. Moss's action in the case was a very serious step to take, and it might have a serious effect upon the minds of the jury. He found no fault with Mr. Moss, and only referred to it because one witness stated that he saw Coningham going there. What Mr. Want said was also perfectly true, that no power could compel Mrs. Coningham, to give evidence of her misconduct. There was no attempt on her part to take advantage of her privileges. She came as a voluntary and willing witness. She had a consultation with a barrister having a large practice in the Court, and she had not seen fit to be repre- sented at the trial. There had in this case been no defence of condonation. As the petitioner said, that had nothing to do with the question of misconduct. In fact, there must be an offence before it could be condoned. Condonation did not obliterate an offence, but in law it had a serious bearing on the case. If Mrs. Coningham had set up and proved condonation, even if the issue had been proved against the co- respondent, the petitioner could not have got a penny damages, and he (his Honor) would have had to dismiss the petition, as against Dr. O'Haran. Condonation was not set up— the defence was a denial and a counter charge of con- spiracy. The only way in which condonation came in was as to how affected the question whether these two people were working together. If, under all the circumstances, they believed Mrs. Coningham, they must find a verdict in favour of the petitioner, no matter how it affected Dr. O' Haran. The conse- quences were almost as serious as if the co-respon- dent were on trial for his life. Charges of black- mailing had often been made, but that was no reason why in this case the woman's story was not true. The jury had nothing to do with those other cases. He was sorry that the doctrine of absolution had been brought into the case. It was stated that a man might be guilty of misconduct on Monday, go to confession and get absolution, and then come to the witness- box and say that he had not been guilty of misconduct. Dr. O'Haran said there was no such doctrine. Father Creegan—who brought his own Bible to be sworn—said it was not the teaching of the Church that a man could get absolution and be considered as not having com- mitted any sin. He (his Honor) always thought it was the doctrine of the Church of Rome—and indeed, of the Christian religion—that if a sin was forgiven then it was wiped out. One of the priests did say that the absolution was, " I absolve thee from thy sins in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." There was some difference as he understood it between the explanations given by Father Cregan and Dr. O'Haran—at any rate, in the first part of the latter's evidence. He quoted from the evidence to show the doctrine of the Church of Rome on this point, and he asked the jury if it was not the doc- trine of the Christian religion and of the Scriptures. Did it follow from that that every Roman Catholic was going to come into the witness-box and tell lies ? He had had Roman Catholic servants, and his ex- perience was that when they were good Catholics they were honest, reliable, and truthful. If the jury believed the evidence of Mrs. Atock, Miss Johnstone, Miss Hollingdale, and Father Byrne, then the story related by Mrs. Coningham as to the oc- currences of June 29 could not be true. Petitioner said these people put their heads together to get their priest out of it. The evidence of Father Byrne was clear, and was very important. Petitioner tried to put it to them that the whole Church was concerned in this case, and that the witnesses had sworn for the Church. Had Father Byrne given false evidence to save the Church ? As to March 17, 1899, respondent gave evidence of misconduct having taken place at the Cardinal's Hall, and that she went to the theatre afterwards. She was then in evening dress. Was that story told by the respondent one in which the jury thought they could place reliance ? Did they think, as men of the world, it was a reasonable one ? She had to meet her own sister immediately afterwards, and her evidence was that she walked across the park, met her sister, went to the opera, and met her own hus- band after the opera was over. A number of wit- nesses were called on behalf of the co-respondent— Mr. Purcell, Mr. Murphy (president of the St. Vin- cent de Paul Society), and others—all sworn that Dr. O'Haran was at the Town Hall on that night. Re- spondent had, however, fixed no time in the evening at which this misconduct took place. It was asked why Mrs. Bostock was not called, but what could she have proved ? He referred to the telephone message sent to Mrs. Atock. It was common politeness for any person asked to dinner to apologise if he could not go. A message was sent, but it was after Dr. O'Haran arrived at the priest's house. There was no accounting for different ideas or actions of different people. Dr. O'Haran may have been too busy to go, and he said he had dinner in the middle of the day. He alluded to the prayer-books given by the co-respondent to Mr. Purcell and Miss Galvin, and they were placed before the jury for what they were worth. Petitioner had asked for photographs given to other ladies, but it was manifestly impossible for a person to always trace such gifts. These dates—June 29 and March 17—were most important as bearing on the truth or otherwise of respondent's evidence. She did not ask to correct her evidence on these points, and maintained that her story was true. There were the letters written by the respondent to Miss Shiels, and they were put into the hands of the jury for all they were worth. The letter containing the alleged confession required very serious consideration. Was the date " 3rd July " inserted in the letter after it was written ? He would not say any more about that —the letter spoke for itself. Were these the genuine letters of a wife admitting her guilt and begging for- giveness ? Then they had to consider the conduct of the parties after the petition was served—what did that mean ? The petitioner's case was not to be pre- judiced by Mr. Moss's withdrawal. Petitioner's re- gistration of the child's birth took place when he had no knowledge of his wife's misconduct. The evi- dence of the boy O'Brien that Mrs. Coningham sent up a message to Dr. O'Haran to see the child was not to be lost sight of. If Dr. O'Haran had to go down to see every child baptised at the Cathedral or to feel the weight of it his time would be pretty well occu- pied. Mrs. Coningham's desire that Dr. O'Haran should see the child was quite consistent with co- respondent's innocence—it was a circumstance, that was all. He placed before the jury a digest prepared by the associate giving the dates and places when and where misconduct was alleged to have occurred. Co- respondent said all this was untrue. He did not think that the fact that respondent had had a misfortune in her early life should of itself impair her credibility. Both petitioner and respondent said that up to the time of the acts of misconduct they had led a happy life. There was nothing in all this case against the petitioner except that he was accused of being a blackmailer. It was admitted that petitioner had written to Dr. O'Haran, but the letters were not put in evidence. His Honor went in detail through the evidence. The issue was, he said, did the jury believe the respondent or Dr. O'Haran. If they believed her then they would give a verdict for the petitioner ; if they believed Dr. O'Haran they would find a verdict in his favour. If, however, they found for the pe- titioner, they would have to consider the question of damages, and in determining to what damages the petitioner was entitled the jury must remember that they were not there to in any way punish the co- respondent. If they awarded only a single shilling to the petitioner with a view of punishing Dr. O'Haran they were doing that which they were not authorised to do. The damages must be by way of compensa- tion to the petitioner. Did Dr. O'Haran take advan- tage of his position as a Roman Catholic priest to act improperly with the respondent was a question which could be taken into consideration in estimat- ing damages. They could also consider whether the parties had lived a happy life, whether the respon- dent was a woman of easy morals, whether she was devoted to her husband, and generally to consider the terms upon which the parties lived. He would not formally concluded his summing up that night, but would defer it until the following morning. The Court at 6.45 p.m. adjourned until 10 o'clock the following day. (Before Mr. Justice Owen.) A RESPONDENT'S APPLICATION. DECREES ABSOLUTE. Woodcroft v. Woodcroft. Mr. H. Dawson appeared for Thomas Woodcroft, the respondent in the suit, and moved that the decree nisi of May 29 last, granted on the application of petitioner, Lizzie Woodcroft, be made absolute. Pe- titioner not having taken steps within the usual time, respondent now moved for the decree absolute. Application granted. The decrees nisi were also made absolute in the fol- lowing suits, and the marriages declared dissolved :— Mary Warner Gerrett v. James William Gerrett (with custody of the children), Frederick Charlotte Hollis v. James Edward Hollis (with custody of the children), Hannah Gustavson v. Erik Gustavson (with custody of children), Martha McLean v. Nicol McLean (with custody of children), Catherine Alice McGrath v. William Congreve Jennings McGrath (with custody of the child), Ellen Alrickle Thomas v. Harry George Thomas (with custody of child), Mary Louise Taylor v. Alfred Taylor (with custody of the child), Myra Knight v. John Kuight, Louisa Strachan v. Charles Edward Strachan, Maud Maggie Heeps v. George Heeps, Mary Jaue McIntosh v. Duncan McIntosh, and Lydia Shaw v. Thomas Henry Shaw. MOTION FOR AN INJUNCTION. Josephson v. Josephson. Dr. Sly, instructed by Messrs. Sly and Russell, appeared for the petitioner, Emma Jane Josephson, and moved to continue an ex parte injunction granted on November 22 last, to prevent respondent, Francis Jacob Josephson, from dealing with his property. Mr. Ralston, instructed by Mr. A. J. McDonald, ap- peared for respondent to oppose the application. It appeared that petitioner is suing for judicial separa- tion, and she now applied under the 59th section of the Matrimonial Causes Act of 1899 (No. 14), on the ground that respondent intended to dispose of his property with intent to defeat her claim to alimony and costs. Respondent denied the allegation. His Honor granted the injunction only in regard to some land at George's River. 