[?] Deep Laid Scheme, . k v '-e ''»r --saKKnax. " '' ' ; By FEflOtfS HOfiie, \- Author of- of a Hansom Cab," H The Professor's. 'Mummy;" Thiri Volume," .'fTlie' Lono Inn,?.' .I.'-Por the; Dofenfio" ' , ".Tho-Ghost's Touch, "' ",lloraWs.Lovo Letteiri!?'V/&(iiV.&o.; / . coiaiGHT! N- boardings, in fields, on tho covers of 1 maga zines, on the, hack1 sheets of newspapers;- an advertisement bedded' "S.S/S;"' appears with tho regularity 01 ine sun'. Additional information is accorded to the ourions by tho expansion - of these mystid \- signs into tho words; "Sarah's Salutary Sauce"— a, condiment invented by' Sarah Brag to tiokle the palates of the epicures: Her husband, a. compositor in the office of a-provinoial jonrnal, mode a fortune ont of it for both- of them. He commenced quite in a email way- by advertising it in the columns he set up, while Sarah, renting suitable premises \- m the tqwn, personally manufaotnred her : invention. Tho advertisements wero read; tho sance was approved of, and as circles on the. water its fame widened ronnd the world. In twenty years Mr. . and Mrs. Brag wore almost millionaires, and having turned their concern into a limited/ liability company, re tired to on joy an olcLnge of well-earned easo nnd comfort at AlliSton Hall. "S.S.S." did its work well, and for onco Fortune bestowed her favours on the deserving. They were wholly unlike the millionaires of commerce or of fiction, these two; For thoy were neither anxious to get into society nor desirous of displaying their wealth with ostentation. Mr. Brag,- indeed, had rubbed off some1 of his- flatflral roughness whilst shouldering his way through the world, bnt Sarah, hia wife, was as much a cook as' sho had beon wben she presided over the kitchen of Alliston Hall. Now sho sat in the draw ing-room," and could without doubt havo sot up as a fine lady hadsho so desired. But her heart was ever in the baok premises, and her ' risits thero were by n6 means infrequent. She remained always the uneducated, rough, warm-hearted woman, devoted to her homo and to her husband! I know her vaiiio better than anyone", save, perhaps; Helen ; and both of lis were extremely fond of her, and indeed \- of Mr.- Brag also. They were a typical Mr; and Mrs. Boffin; But who am I, you will ask— and who is Helen; fato? Well, I who tell you this story am Geoffrey Beanchamp, an idle Oxonian and . private secretary to Mr. Brag. When I left Balliol, my father, failing in "business,- took his loss'of money and reputa- tion so seriously that he died of a broken \- bcart, and joined my mother in the next world, whither sho had- long preceded him. Finding . myself an orphan, penniless, and . without a.profession, I cast about for employ- 'ment. I answered an advertisement lor a i secretary. In this way it was that I became acquainted with Mr. Brag. For three years I past I have looked after-his affairs — that is to ; say, I have written his letters, advised him as ! best. I could, and havo stood between his too I kindly soul- and the hungry hordo of monoy- ! hunters. .. And he on his part has treated me ! niofeTike a<son than a paid -servant, which I ) have not failed-to appreoiata. So comfortable ' a position and so kindly a friend como . not to . ovGTy man. Then there ifl-Holen. She is looked upon \- as tho daughter - of the house, as iudeed she \- is, seeing that she was bora at the- hall. When -Sir Ralph Alliston died, after a ; spendthrift career, ho left his only ohild trith- - out a penny. Tho hbll was' Bold, afld tho ' . proceeds went to pay oft the mortgages and . the rest of. the debts. So Helen, poor help- /; less. . girl; hfld no choiee hut to go outasa governess; But Sarah Brag soon-' Changed' all ' that! She remembered Helen as a child, and when the hall was purchased by . tho money made- out- of " S.S.S." Bhe sought out tho orphan -and inkiated upon her returning. " As my'owfl child." explained the good soul ; '.'soein' that- ' J' and me ain't bin bless'd w-ith babies. Not that Fm a lady, my dear, nor could over have a- daughter like you. But, we'll put it like that to satisfy tho conveniences ' of Booiety."- What could Helen do but accept an offer so 'kitidly and so liberally made ? So sho came babk to her ancostrnl home, and found exist ence made-us pleasant for herns Mr. and Mrs. Briig could mako it. Then it came about thiit as I was young and Helen altogether oliarming we fell iu love with each other, much to the delight, bo it said, of our patrons. Eventually it was arranged that I should be Helen's liUBband, and that she should expeot to inherit the substantial profits ! from "S.8.S." " And if I might advise Mr. Beauchamp,". sflid Mrs.- Brag, beaming, "you should take tlie name and armB of Alliston, by right of 'Elen herb : so that when we are dead and gone the' old family will still be in the old place where they have been for Lord knows' what number of years. Think," cried Mrs. Brag; jubilantly, "pf the ancestors you'll have. Why there's a ohuroh ohook full of 'em— allknightsandhar'nites. Fine, ain't it?" I agreed that it was "fine," and with Helen's consent, indeed at her express wish, I- promised the worthy couplo to talcs the flame of AlHstori when I should lead the -last .soiofl of tlie family to the altar. And this ; was the:- position of affairs when tho ghost cfluie ; and I do not think there were four happier people in the whole' world up to thait time. Lady Marian spoilt it all. , Lady- Mairian was the ghost's namo; She had been a Georgian beauty a couplo of hundred . -years ago— had? rustled in silken ' brocade in the midet of Jacobite conspiracies. Hcr bueFand had preferred King Georgo to ' -Kink Jain'es, ' afld desirous of keeping his vhtep and piopertyhsd given her to under stand as mfloh. . But it irould. seem-. that, ex- oitcm'eflt Arsis the' bfeath' bf Lady Marian's 'fibifrils!' dfi'd she made the hall d benfre of ' intrigueB, whioh inolp'dod the midnight visits of Jesuit priests, of French emiSsarlb'S from his, majesty over the water, and of sulky < squires .whb cursed the Hanoverian in their oups; , Sir Waltor Alliston, boing a jealous hus-' bsfld.ds well as a loyal .subject, disapproved bf his wifb's pranks, and accused her of using politics for 'the masking of intrigues against his honour and her own. The lady, boing of 'high spirit, denied the . accusation, and sworo never, again to Speak to her husband. He, morb . furious than ever, kept a oloso watch . i flppn her, and one evening found. a masked gallant lpaving her apartments. Without S a moment's ho ran the intrudor rhroiigh witli his rapier., When he tore off ' the .vizor ho found to his horror that the victim flfcs Lady Marian herself, disguised for some oxoursion. , Dying, she onrscd him Slid bis, And declared that she would haunt " ' Win and his' descendants evermore, . . And ehe'A kept her word !" said Mrs.- Lrag, "who fold mo the story, ''for when Sir Waltefl died she walked down. the pioturo gallery the flight heforb. She always comes to toll When one of the family is. to die. 1 'catd aa flh'b was seen just boforo 'E|en's father'tvent off! and when Lady Alljeton died " iri giving hirth to that dear girl I saw tho gh'olt.mysblf." . "Nonsense, Mrs. Brag! There aro no such tWHftflgho$ts;'VIsaicf, > 1 »'wb) pin't thers, brit there is.. I toll you; asL'nt fl livin'! hfeathiri' woman, I saw tho \- - LudyMflrian gliding along the piotare gallery iri bfbcddb and 'igh''5clsd shoes, jiist as Sho wnrb-vvhbfl al'fb'" . v -. " Have you soon theghoBt since you bought : ! the brill, ' Mrs,' Brag ?" ".God-f brbld, My dsir i , for if Lady MoTlari . combs, again it will , only bo to take away \- ' 'iilen/aqom' as she's the lost of thom." As Mrs. Brajf, .with .tho. sogers titioa, of, aa \- f uriodudated person, firiflly;, l)elieVEd'in the warning 'apparition,. I wah not siilprised on returning frbfli a month'B holiday in Switzer land shortly before- Christmas, to findhor in a state of great alarm at the reappcasmco of her bugbear. Two weeks boforo my return Ladv Marian, brocadb, bigh-hooled shoos, cane,, and all, had twice been scon in the picture gallery— on each occasion at tho midnight hour. Mrs. Brag was certain that it meant Helon's. death, and , unable utterly to keep: feoBhg of any land to herself, had sriccbeded in) infect ing tho whole house with her 'fears. Not a servant would enter the Long Gallon?, as -it was called, after dark ; and even Mr. Brag, .sceptic as he was, became uneasy wikon-ho came to think of what it might mean. The girl herself did not look so well as. when I had Ifeft for my. holiday. She was pale and tiiifl, and singularly ' silent. Her eyes, too, seemed unnaturally bright. After Mrs. Brag had delivered herself or the story, and had stated her intention of oalling in the vicar to exorcise the ghost, I was-leftalonetin the drawing-room with Helen. " My darling, you look ill,"T said, clasp ing her in my arms ; "surely you do not believe in all this nonsense." She shivered. " I don't know," she. -said, norvously. "Both the- housekcoper- anil- the butler have seen the ghost. Mrs.- Bmg is always talking about it, and really I am beginning to think thore mnat bo somo triitll init:"' / " Nonsense ! nonsense ! All this talk and ftiss has made yon nervousand ill.'; hasnltat, dear?" " Yes, Geoffrey ; I wast quite well until, theghbst' came.'-' I saw very plainly- how matters -stood. Holen was sensitive and highly strung, and Mrs. Brag's foolish talk hud wrooght her up to such a pitch that the tortured nerves re- aoted on her delicate body. She wits never a strong girl, hnt she was always very .healthy. Worry was evidently what had made her ill. I no longer wondered thnt tho Allistons had died when Lady Marian was rumoured to liavo appeared. They wero a nervous race. I realised; therefore; thatif I did not dosomo- . thing to exorcise this, spirit, if such if were, Helen would becoiflb soriously ill, and might oven die. ' ' " Itis a good thing I returned;'' I said; to Mr. Brag, when Helen retired to dress for dinner, f That girl will 'die if -this sort of: thing goes on." , " I dessay, I dessay, Geoffrsy ;.,hut how do you propose tb; stop it " Find out tho trick, to bo.sure." " But 'ow do you know it's < a triok, Geoffroy?" " I'm sure of it. Tell mo, .have- you seen' the ghost?" "Lor', no. X ain't a' coward, Geoffrey,' but wild 'orses wouldn't drag me to that gallery atnight. I ain't. seen, i but FarsonB and lira. Jackson 'ave." "Gr think th'oy have. "What they have seen is someone dressed up , as Lady Marian, mark me. Or else they suffer-from halluoina- : tions. Parsons is sober, I know.!' ... "Oh, yes; and evehttho aitft,llrs. Jack-' son is. She never touches a drop to my knowledge! No, 'taint'drink; whatever ifcis." \- "And they both-declaro thatithey'haveseen the ghost P" . . , f'Loc', . yes. . They take -their baths-: they have.". ' ' ' .' - . "Thonrit-mustibe a triok.! , Aud'.ifT catch; the person- who is playing it I'll— welh-I'll" mako the false-ghost a real one. Will you let me- take charge ofthis matter, Mr. Brag?" , " Of oourso, : Geoffrey; I jvas; justiwoitin'1 foi you to bbme biipk!' Find' but what's'- wrong, and linook all this stuff out of iny old woman's head. She's .mostiyin hysterics o' nights." . . - , . : "And flb wonder when Helen' looks' sd- ill. Beliovo' me, -ghosts went out when gus oanto in. I think I ahull monago to provo to you that this spootral Lady Marian-is yeiyt sub stantial fleshand- blood." "But she may not be," urged Mr. Brag, somewhat dubiously.' . Lots, of . these 'igh- families 'ave their-ghbsts td seo 'em into the- noxt world, I. believe. Besides, who oonld he' playin'- this Wild triok?" .-' "Ah, that's just what we havoto. find out."' But it was not so easy to find out. I . questioned Mrs. Jaekson and Parsons in the) most exhaustive manner.- Thoy-oorroboratedi each- other's story with suoh verisimilitude . and wealth of detail as to leave no dorfbt lit my mind of their good faith. Evidently they had' seen a Brocaded lady hi the picture gallery ;' but, of course, it- could be no- soph thing as a visitaut frbm the othoi) world.. That wfla where they- wont wrflhg. I wafl cortain it was- someone playing a trick. ' "Oh, you may laugh, sip," said'Hrs, Jaokson. She was suoh a stiff old dame. "But" I do assure yob'- that I eawthe ghost with mv own oyos. I Was oomlng through tlie long gallery from Miss Affiston's - rbbifl; and in the moonlight it' eritflo , ofl, olaok, clitok, olaok, iii higli-hcoled shoes. I could hear distinctly tho rustle of the dress, and afl it swept past mo I smelt a perfume like that of /dried rose-leaV6S. It was Lady Marian sflre enough, as Isaw frbirtthe portrait id tho gidlory, I fain tod dead awflyv. Mr. Bbflubhflinp, sir; afld When I eatflo- toad Jsolf ifi was gone'." I ooflfeSS to feeling a frifle" uncomfortable at all this. Then ParSbns took tip the Story, . "I didn't faint, Blr, not . bein' d Women';'' I said he, " but toy flesh W id mighty trOOpy ari- : it went post. 1 stared at it liko a stuuk pig, though it wfls plain enough in tho moonlight. It vanished all of at sttddoh' by the painted winder at )hb cfld of the gallery :'l .( "What were you doing 'in tbo Long Gallery at thflt hoiy, ParsbriS?" : i ? (' / "Coiflin' from master, sir, Ho'd a bad cold, and I took , him up : some 'at rum' and water. I wouldn't go to that thero gallery again, sir, for all the CrotVn jewels, . Ib was a ghost, sure enough."- : i .1 . j : < Oh, was it! " said I, showing. plainly W my tone that-I did -not think it was,' " call the servants, Parsons.'! ,/.,; . In a few minutes ull tho domestios in the .house wore assembled, and a very white-faoed. crowd thoy were! Many of thom would have b'e'e'flTrTglit'e'nbdaWiiy ffbui thb Hall had it not Be'e'ff th'fltitK'fl'iiphliiS ririJsubfi a' good one! I suppose, too; .it was a ooso in whibh- thoy felt there was comfort la numbers. I harangued them pretty freely for, what I termed their nonsensical fears. "Men nnd wamott.ebfdo tb- years of sense," I. W.0flt„.on, "wpU—tm surprised. How pan you helioye spoh rubbish' P Home one of you is playing a triok':- and who it iaTshall find out, so bawaro, all of yon," . Of oourso thoy protested vehemently. Bnt -that was: to be oicpeoted. "However," I said,. " you can take this. warning from mo. I-shall watoh in the. gallery myself with a straight- shooting revolver, and _if that ghost appears it' shall havo a .taste bf it. I am not going -to have your master and- mietress and '.Misa , Alliston frightened by this silly triok"."! -j. ;; Again they all protested. .' But' I sent the Iof of them , away with iflbro" blood in their bhe'oks. Thbif I tarned upstairs to dress for dinner. As I did so I noticed a pretty, timid- looking young woman whose face I did not recognise. . Sho glanced at nib uneasily, and was evidontly disturbed." . ft Who,, aro . you?". I asked, abruptly, , pausing boforo her. JanaRkirdan, sir/!', she replied, with a onrtsoy, "IamnewKe're'." " What aro you ?" \- "Undor-hou3emaid, sir. . Oh, pleaso, sir, do you rbally think there is a ghost ?" . "No, you silly girl. The dead never retorn'to this world." " Please; sir, what abont .the witch of Endor and Samuel, sir ?" ' - ,rOE, yob aro a' theologian. I see. Well, ' We Wota't disPuss ttiat . apparitabn. You must look u'pbn that' as a iniraolo and flbt he afraid." She shuddered, and looked over, her shoulder apprehensively. " I am terribly afraid; air, it's no-use.my denying' it.- I shall ask mistress to let me go/' "You will ask nothing of the kind,": said I, in my most peremptory manner. " Your going Would only be the signal for general flight.' "You'll stay hero, like a sensible £irl, until all this mystery is cleared- up." - " Oh,- sir, but will it -be cleared up?" . _ " Of oourso it will, and by n very substan tial leaden bullet too. Now got on with your work and don't be a fool." I saw that there was only onb- way to deal with the thing, so that I spoke more brusquely, to the girl- than I would otherwise have done. Besides, . Bhe irritated trie.; sho seemed so absolutely terrified with fear. She was oalculated to infect tho rest of them, though they seemed bad enough as' it was. I went off todross in no very good huraour. Mr. Brag's" Want .of common senso over this affair amazed me. Usually he Was a cool-headed and logical mun, as Was conclusively proved by the position to which he had attained. Yet apparently he was aa nervous and distraught now asany of the women. The ghost seemed to have' been too flriich tor' hirii ; tobaare knocked the grit out bf him. so to speak. He was no more fit than a baby to deal with the : situation. I put-down his shortcoming at this juncture in no small.degree to his lack of education. Then there was the constant-chatter of his wife, of whom this -element of the super natural had taken firm . hold. She never ceased talking nbout it, and I snpposo the strongest mind i9 in the end iniinenccd by re iteration. It'seemed as if -Mr. Brag's were becoming unhinged. I was glad that I had goturned so oppor- tunely. At least if Ieoukl throw no light on the; subject I could go to . work with a cool head and an unprejudiced mind to clear it up, Mrs.. Brag continued to/talk of little else but the ghost,- whose appuxranco she seemed to think .was quite .in keeping with tho -season. . It' was astounding tho number of legends she seemed to Lave accumulated. Headless phantoms, churchyard appari tions, ghosts in armoor with claiming chains and " presences, " who she said could not be seon hut- only felt in ' the most horrific- way— upon -an those she' de scanted in the most appalling manner: Helen shuddered, Mr. Brag sheflk his head por tentously, anil I must Porifi&s; that even if felt uncomfortable. The old lady seemed so to' entfrori us with the atitiospiaerb of the snpdr- ndturdl that When a coal dropped, froifl'tho' fire we aU juflppd and shhi-shfieked. It Was r'eallya inosttorriblostateiof things, especially for Christmas. ; " . I asked her about Jhne Riordan. My quesiibn fortunately, toned the subject, for it seemed that Mrs." Hug ihad a good deal to ;say ahbiit this young wonxm. \- "Ah," ella said, "Ihecvia a sad history, my dpof. Her: father sndimothet were fellbr- servants of mine when -Lunas cook here. The flame wasn't Ribrdan, lor that's Jane's fliarried name.- Oraik'suvlxat we caUed 'em— — 'Enry and Liza Craik, 'butler and houso- keefler." . Helen looked up with. interest. "Henry Craik?" Bhe said, " why, that waa -the man who stole my mother's jevnels ?" ' ' Tho same, my dear. Oh, ho was a M one he was; yet yofl'd thiirik butter wouldn't melt in 'a- mouth to look at 'm. Liza was always Sayin' . as 'e 'd dib-iiatgaol and disgrace 'er, and 'e did." ""Were tho jewels recovered, Mrs. Brag?" "No, Geoffrey, they weren't. My lady missed '.em one morning after a bail 'ere, when the 'ous'e was falbof guests. Tho whole box was stolen — five or six thousand pound Worth, no less ; and . she only saved what she wore at the hall. All kinds of people were suspeoted of 'aviu' gone to ' 'er roam and 'taken 'em,- but no one 'thought as'Craik'.fcad done it." " I heard somethiflg.of -the story nfyself," observed Mr. Brag.- ''He was caught selling a bracelet, wasn't hei?" "Yes, J., he was. He, got- leave to visit a dying friend in. London, the old .fbx; and the feierid , was! n pawnbroker; and 'o , told the police, seein' as 'e . recog nised the brocelot feoni the 'ondbills . pnt about. Craik was. arrested rind sent to gaoi for years. Ho diedithere, and they never got tmything out Of 'im': Where ho hid tho jewels no1 one knows, and flo one ever .will; my dears; for twenty years 'ave gonoibysinoe they wero stolen." , TO SB OOSWOTBai.l " OhJ please/ sir / do you really think there is a ghost 9" 