The Weary Week. BY THE BORED CONTRIBUTOR.. Assuredly Baden-Powell is greater even in diplomacy than in war; nothing appears to come amiss to him. The cables have just informed us of his latest stroke of genius. We read that his correspondence, numbering two thousand letters strong, all in answer to congratulatory messages sent to him, has fallen into the hands of the Boers, and been destroyed. We can imagine Baden- Powell's sigh of relief when the news reached him. Probably even the hero of Mafeking grew at times a little pale at the thought of answering all those letters. It is one thing to stand up against Boer shrapnel and rifle fire; but the bravest cheek may be excused for blanching before the endeavour to reply in fitting terms to the shire of Croajingo- long and kindred institutions throughout the globe. Then a considerate enemy stepped in and solved the problem. " Make the number large enough— say, 2000." We can almost overhear Baden-- Powell saying to his private secretary, when informed that his despatch bag had gone wrong, " and then I need write no more. Everyone who has not heard from me will complacently put himself down among that blessed two thousand ! " * * * From recent cables, it also appears that Lord Roberts intends to proclaim peace in the Transvaal, and thereafter to treat belligerent Boers as rioters and civil offenders generally. In the local papers of the near future then we may look for such items as the following;— "Police Court, Pretoria. Superintendent R. Buller yesterday appeared be- fore Captain Mclnerney, P.M., and swore five thousand informations against a number of roughs known locally as " Botha's Push'," who are reported to have been behaving in a disgraceful manner in the hills near Machadodorp. They are charged with concealing Creusot guns about their persons without licence from the local authorities, with resisting arrest, and tearing several constables' uniforms. Warrants were issued, and they will be brought before the court eventually, if not sooner." Or this:— " A man named De Wet was summoned before the court on Tuesday by Inspector Kitchener charged with several breaches of the traffic regulations. It appears that he is reported to have driven three thousand waggons at a pace not allowed by the regulations along a number of roads in the Krugersdorp shire ; he is also charged with not having his name painted legibly on the righthand side of the waggon as prescribed by the byelaws." * * * This has been a week of political resurrection. From out of their legislative graves have stepped forth three substantial ghosts—Mirams, Munro, and Bent. We are at present left in doubt whether a Federal or local constituency is to be accorded the privilege of rejecting Mr. Mirams; it is likewise uncertain whether any constituency at all will have an opportunity of sending Mr. Munro's deposit to swell the country's revenue. Mr. Bent, however, has declared definitely for Brighton. Everything in this world palls at length. Brighton has been for six years represented by a gentleman; possibly some of the electors may be contemplating a change. * * * Talking of Munro. we are reminded of the great " Liberal " meeting at Malvern. The calm toleration of the amazing impudence whereby these people style themselves "Liberals" has always appeared inexplicable. Its very audacity, perhaps, has rendered their opponents speechless. The very first plank in the platform of Liberalism is freetrade. There is absolutely not one Liberal in the United Kingdom—in the party which includes John Burns, Keir Hardie, and the Labour leaders—who is not a free-trader. Yet in Victoria the Monopolist organ and its proteges dub themselves " Liberals " ! A Protectionist Liberal is as great a contradiction in terms as a white negro or a free-trade " Age " article. The alleged "salting" of the mine at Pitfield recalls a story of the wild-cat days of Western Australia. The usual specimens had been forwarded for flotation purposes to London, and created a most favourable impression. A wire came to the mining manager to proceed at once with the crushing, which elicited the prompt and unexpected reply, "Cannot proceed with crushing until the mine is returned." Was it not Mr. Justice a'Beckett who once defined a prospector as " A gentleman who goes around collecting material which he intends to embody in a prospectus ? " 