; £lbe storyteller. / THE BECTOB'S DAUGHTER -c . {Contiimed from Saturday tissue) CHATTER XXIII — {Continued.) |£?' A great change has come over the night L- ' daring tbe past hour. The temperature has r fallen suddenly ; a chill creepy wind moans [:? through the trees; a. feeling of coming rain !-' ' * hangs in the air. Nine o'clock on the following morning brings A' Robert Jonet for his promised farewell visit; and Josie, who has been up and dressed these two hours, stands waiting for him at the window ?with a dim mis^in her eyes, a very perceptible quiver about the lips. eay good-bye as quietly and cheerfully as. pos sible; but obi that horrible presentiment of evil, that lays like an ice-cold grip on her heart ) —if only she could get rid of that ! It is not very surprising either, so far as the weather is concerned. Things have changed, and greatly, during the night. It is a most uncompromising wet morning with a chill, depressing atmosphere ; and Josie, susceptible as are all sensitive temperaments to atmospheric influences, feels her spirits droop in ^.oncert with tbe drenched trees and soddeoed flowers. A few minutes after nine a fly from the *' Blue Lion' drives up under the dripping trees. Robert Jonet dressed in a gray travelling suit, jumps out, and runs into the house ; aud then follows a torrent of good-byes, and good wishes ior a bon voyage ; and the first really distinct idea she has is that Robert is gone, and that a vague dread of something about to happen has fallen upon her. It is all over ; Robert has come end gone, and everybody but Josie settles down to their u?ua) evocations ; but to her, utterly unable as she is to occupy her attention in any way, the mnrnmcr annenr.q cnmptlnn? interminable. Jp-The long day seems as if it will never drag its slow length away. Alas ! for the many days that must intervene between this and the one of liobert's return. If only the rain would clear up she might walk over to the Best, it would be something of a relief to talk to Mammy about Robert Mammy, who is always as willing to talk about her darling as Josie is to listen to his praiEes ; but tbe rain shows no disposition whatever towards clearing up, at least for the present. Tlie fine weather and the sunshine of Robert Jonet's smile have vanished together ; and Josie, depressed and dispirited, sinks into a seat near the window, and sits looking out at the dull, gray sky and the pouring rain. Between ten and eleven a man from the village opens the gate, and coming hurriedly up to the house, rings tbe bell so sharply as to bring the servant to the door in a little panic of %!arm and astonishment. .He is enquiring for Mr. Dorn, she can hear that much from where she sits, and from their earnest ionesp and the startled exclamations of Mary, she gathers that something very much out of the common has happened. Some one is ill or in great distress, she thinks, and putting her own trouble aside with an effort, Josie goes out into the hall to make inquiries as to what has happened, and for what the rector is so urgently needed. ** Oh ! Mies Josie !' and Mary who has been listening, with a face white as a ghost, to something the messenger is teltfng, turns sharply towards her — 41 oh! Miss Josie, was ever anything £0 dreadful ? She is murdered !' ' Murdered 1' she repeats, the very sound of the word striking her with a sort of ominous horror. 'Murdered! who is?' ' Keturah Brown, miss,' replies the man, who, now that she looks at him again, she re cognises as the hostler of the '' Blue Lion.' 14 Sbe poor girl has been lying all this time, stabbed to the heart, at the bottom of Canter's fields. The body was lying among some bushes, tome men found it about an hour ago, and Dr. Thorn sent me up to fetch the rector direct:y.' Evidently the man isquite ready and willing to add al! otner particular?; but Josie does not stop to bear them. Ft-tling strangely sick and faint 6he j».)es task into the parlcur and sink?, with a hfclp'e-s, d^zed sort of feeling into the sent from which she has just risen. Eeturah Brown murdered ! Stabbed to the heart 1 The words seem to go echoing through her brain like some horrible discord. Poor unfortunate girl ! What a cruel thing! Who could have done this dreadful deed ? CHAPTER XXIV. Xoarly three weeks have elapsed since the 27'h of Jnne, the date of Robert Jonet's depar tut , tbe day on which the body of poor Keturah Brown was fonnd lying murdered among the hushes in Canter's fields ; and with the excep tion of a brief telegram from Liverpool announc ing bis intended departure l.y tho steamer , 4t City of Hamburg,' on the 28th, no tidings! have been received from him- and for the best of reasons. The City of Hamburg has been reported by a passing vessel who fell in with her when about live days out of Queemtcuvn. beating along under eail for Sen- York, having been deJayed for over a week by a broken shaft, therefore Robert's promised telegram from that city has not yet reached his friends in England, who are anxiously watching the papers for tidings of the vessel's safe arrival in that po: I . But these three weeks have been strangely eventful weeks in Ryehurst, and productive of a great and almost overwhelming trouble and anxiety for the quiet little family at the parson* age, a trouble that has been slowly increasing in magnitude from the hour in which the news of poor Keturah Brown's murder first reached Ihcm. An affair that seemed likely at lirst to be en veloped in the most irapene ratable mystery Why the crimc was committed, and by whom ? were questions everyone asked and no one coulJ answer. Who could have any interest in the death of a girl like Eeturah Brown ? was a problem it seemed impossible to solve. coroner's jury seem likely to throw much light ! on the mystery. I The evidence was simple enough, and went to prove very little more- than what was already known to everybody, . that Keturah Biown must have left the Gline woods on the evening of the fete at about the same time as the rest of the paity : but with whom nobody , seme t^ have noticed or remembered. j That she never reached home was equally 1 certain, and the discovery of the body in an j urtfr-;guo'ted spot by some labourers going to 1 their work in the field*, and whose attention had been directed towards it as it lay concealed by the brambles by a dog belonging to one of them, together with the evidence of the doctor who had made the ;-oaf viorh'm examination, proved little beyond the (net lhat the crime must have been committed on the night of tbe pic-nic to the Gline wood* ; but by whom or wiiv the deed was done, there was no evidence to P.llMV. The 'J'^'ortunate girl had b ^n stabbed to the heart, nd an examination of the spot on which the bo v wa-s found showed lhac asirugple must have taken place; but the weapon, either a dagger or a large knife, had not yet been dis ? jvered, although a strict search after it had beer instituted t-y the police in every direc tion. That the case has created intense excitement in the neighbourhood it is almost superfluous 1.0 remark ; and out of this excitement, nobody Can Jell how, or why, or with whom it originated, a suspicion has been growing up that reaches in time to the parsonage. A sus picion that is born of the rumour that Jack Dennison was the last person seen in the murdered girl's company. People are beginning to remember lhat their names were connected together ; that Keturah has Coasted among her acquaintances of Mr. Dennison's compliments and attractions; that more than one has seen them strolling together along the lonely lanes and byewayB about the neighbourhood ; and the more the Bubject is discussed, the more the suspicion, if it can be called that, strengthens. t To be continued in Saturday's iisut. ) 