AN AUSTRALIAN ACTOfi. THE DRAMA I!T SYDNiEr IN THE SIXTIES. THE OLD PANTOMIMES. THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH, Wllr TEE MONTGOMERY, AND MAGGIE AITKEN. (By Lancelot B.) .. The play! The play's the thing.— Hamlet \- O! for the good old days. .tft- ASwSjyfe. 3»- ? a of pantomime,- when ?^SSrPiSlSfe^? , l^jti tb-e merry clown and S$%^j2\lV'0 ms butt' senUe old ^-3p^V-_r£ 'party,' played their ^HKaPSpflft delight of old and HKra&aiKffl;^ young. The old lived §§§||$I||ggg^ their childhood over \- A WMWmMM^L a£aln- The same old W ^H^lMII^ tricks ^re repeated, ^L^'tiggSfflkiMffigm and loBt nothing by t^MMHHHi age. The clown auu my uuwii lor uie tenant of th© house to fall over him; and the fun was fast and furious. We are too far advanced now adays to tolerate the harlequinade, and even that king of clowns and pantomimists, Bland Holt, finds spectacular dramas fill the houses better ? than Grimaldian displays. It would appear that' we' '.are almost ashamed of our laughter excited by such silly business. It was wholesome, healthy laughter anyhow, and it is difficult to account for the de cline of pantomimes. People, with strange in consistency, never seem to tire of witnessing a cir cus performance; yet there is a wonderful family likeness in all circus shows. There is the same class of riding, the usual vaulting, the same stereotyped gymnastic feats, with perhaps some sensational feats thrown in that are fraught with danger to life and limb. We had sad evi dence of the latter some few years back when a performer dived from the summit of the tent into a small tank, and through the miscalculation I of a few inches, met a shocking death. But still j the circus survives, and the pantomime disap ! pears. I It is refreshing, though, to go back in imagina ' tion for thirty years and over — the Christmas nf '? 1867-8 — to the performance of 'Harlequin Jack I the Giant Killer' (at the Prince of Wales's Opera : House, in this city) and 'The Little Middies of ' the Galatea.' The old names in the cast were ; synonymous with frolic and fun: Jack, Mrs. J. R. ! Greville; Jack's mother, Lizzie Bushe; Queen Bee, Kate Corcoran; King Arthur, G. H. Rogers; Giant Cinrp-ehnstiir .T. R. fi-reville-. His Cook. Geo. Col lier; Clown, Leon Sam wells; Panty, H. Stanley; Harlequin, E. M'Lean; and Columbine, Marian Dixon. 'This excel lent company was under the management of Mr. Gso. Coppin, and he and Teddy M'Lean are I suppose the only two survivors. Poor little Lizzie Bushe (George Collier's wife), dear stupid little woman — I think I see her now with her sweet smile as she hung upon the 'words of the husband she adored. She had one great disability — she was hard of hearing — well, that was no name for it, for she was as deaf as a dodo's drum stick. It was surprising how she could carry on a dialogue on the stage — seldom at fault, watch ing closely th,e motions of the lips of the person with whom she was engaged in the scene. It was necessary to have someone to send her on, for she seldom could hear a cue. She was an ?excellent chambermaid for all that, but was a failure if placed in any serious or heavy part. George would contemplate her at times, and would stand before her in the wings and apostro phise her with a smile on his face, in something like this strain: 'Look at her; isn't she a pretty foolish little' thickhead, this wife of mine.' And 'Lizzie, all unconscious of his criticism, would beam up to him all smiles, eager, but all unable, to catch the words that fell from him. ? ','What did you say, George?' George was a handsome fellow, and she was proud of him, aye and jealous too; and faith, sad to say, not without reason iE later years, though her reputation was without blemish. To render their pantomimes additionally attrac tive in those days they triplicated their harle quinades—thus they worked with three clowns, three 'panties,' three harlequins, and three columbines, with a harlequin thrown in. They had plenty of good material to work with, and no doubt it would encourage a commendable spirit of rivalry and emulation in the preformers. It has been before noticed how in the. 'fruitful fifties' they had five or six Richards— one for every act or so— but in the sixties Joe Rayner as Richmond engaged in mortal combat as many Richards in the final act, one after another, with a -minute's interval 'for refresments.' This was reversing the order — for Richard exclaims 'Me- thinks there be six Richmond's in the .field. Five have I slain already, etc.' To say the least it was a scandalous travesty of Shakspere and Colley Cibber combined, and one would not. ex- pect it to find favor with the intelligent audi ences of that day. The protection of authors' interests in plays was not so much considered in the early days of the drama in Sydney, but in 1868 we find Mr. Frank Tounge notifying to theatrical managers that he had purchased from T. W. Robertson the right of producing 'Society,' 'Ours,' and 'Caste' in the colonies. Things are managed on better lines now, and almost daily theatrical managers announce the purchase, at great ex pense, of London novelties, which are. produced here on a scale of equal magnificence, almost be fore the pieces have concluded their run in the world's metropolis. It is over thirty-two years ago since H.R.H. the then Duke of Edinburgh came out to Australia In the Galatea: and with him simultaneously came that popular and celebrated actor, Walter Montgomery. He opened at the Prince of Wales's Opera House on February 3, 1868, for twelve nights only, in 'Hamlet.' There was much difference of opinion as to the merits of Montgomery's Hamlet. He took the public by surprise. His Hamlet was quite distinct from that of any other representative who had preceded him.^ He pictured the Prince of Denmark in debonnair manner, with very little of the gloom which had previously been allotted to him. So in the soliloquy, 'To be or not to be,' he rattled it off in rather a colloquial, logical style, as though he was endeavoring to convince some sceptic by the sure force of quiet reasoning, in the same manner he treated many of the great soliloquies, notably that commencing 'What a piece of work is man!' Prior to these innova tions, the most ranting Hamlet would become subdued when giving his advice to the players — the only time when ranting Hamlets are sub dued — but Montgomery was, subdued but for cible throughout. At first this' extraordinary change was not received favorably, but gradually it wasTecognised that, after the first effect of the novelty was over, it -was a -scholarly --.Inter- pretation of the character. Montgomery was only an imitator in this respect, for it is to Fechter that we owe the new reading. Mont gomery was shrewd enough to see that the Hamlet -of old would only subject him to com parisons, whereas striking out in a new line would obviate much of that. His. methods were revolutionising. ' That which was ponderoW and heavy was made lighter, while conviction was no less sustained. He modelled his Hamlet by Fechter's, with such improvements as suggested themselves to him, -and, if imitation is the sin cerest form of flattery, then Fechter ought to have been highly flattered. Montgomery's Ham let grew in favor from the start; and there, are scores of people living now who are ready to affirm that they never: witnessed a representation of the tragedy that they liked better. He was supported by a company many of the members of which were -consummate Shaksperian delineators :vOpheliai Kate Ward; Queen, Mrs. C. ?Jones'; King, C. Burford;.; -Ghost, Ireland; Polon ius, G. H. 'Rogers; Gravedigger, Greville; La ertes, E. Lawrence. John Mildmay, in 'Still Waters Run Deep,' was a part eminently suited to Montgomery, the scene (where the two pistols -are concealed beneath the table cover) with Captain Hawkes ley (Ireland) never failing to secure tremendous applause.. Then, again, he had the splendid sup port of Rogers, Greville, Mrs. Chas. Jones, and Kate Corcoran. . Othello, Sir Giles Overreach, Claude Melnotte (with Rogers as Damas, Gre ville as Glavis, MissvWard as Pauline; arid Lizzie Bushe as Mme. Deschappelles) followed. What ever comparisons may nave been made witli re gard to the Moor and 'New Way to Pay Old Debts ' between Montgomery's personations and jthose of former great actors,' there were no two opinions about his Claude Melnotte— It was the ideal of the poet's. creation. Gifted witha-fine stage presence, and a perfect master of th«?iart of elocution, the beautiful language (to wit, the description of the palace to which, 'oould love fulfil its prayers' he would have led Pauline, and his justification in the 'college scene') was de- , livered with fine effect. Neither did he lack fire at the end of the act, where lie leaves for the front, .-promising to return a better maa t*iaa a prince. His performances were under the continuous patronage of the Duke, who, with then Governor, Earl Belmore, was almost nightly present during the whole or part of a perform ance. . Indeed, Montgomery was to a great ex tent spoiled by royal patronage, which was a pity. In the fierce light which beats upon a throne, those - who were associated with him as boon companions did not escape the ] glare. In another colony I had many | opportunities of noting Montgomery, and it always struck .me that beneath a. gay de meanor there was a hidden brooding— that he was not merry, but did beguile the thing ' he was by seeming otherwise. There is little doubt j but that he was a creature of impulse, and did . some eccentric actions on the spur of a mo ment; but people would never dream that his end would be that of a suicide. He had spent much of bis public life at the reading desk as an elocutionist, . 'The Bells' being one of his great efforts; and this for a long time cramped his motions on the stage. But he was a great actor nevertheless, and it will be many a long year before his name becomes lost in obscurity. Two other parts Montgomery shone' in to good effect — Don Caesar de .Bazan, and Lavater in 'Not a Bad Judge.' In the latter he was at the disadvantage of following J. J. Bartlett, who made Lavater his own particular part. Walter Montgomery was good, but Bartlett was better. . There was a lady touring New South Wales at this time, and she was in Sydney at the . same time as Montgomery. ? Like Montgomery, she iiad been partial to the desk— ^gave readings, re citations, dialogues, etc. I mean Maggie Ait ken. She was a most accomplished lady, of tall. lithe, and commanding presence — a perfect elo- cutionist. She frequently 'starred' with thea trical companies, playing such pieces as 'King Rene's Daughter,' 'Guy Maniering' (she was a wonderful Meg Merrilees), 'Mary Queen of Scots,' etc. It was in the latter play that I had a rather unique experience. I was cast for ? Lord Ruthven, the rough lord who siezes Mary , by the wrist end compels her to sign the deed on which she abdicates or resigns all pretension to the English Crown, etc. I wore a pair of gauntlets, made of stout leather, on which were sewn round pieces of tin, overlapping after the manner of fish scales all over the back of - the gauntlet, knuckles, -etc., forming- a very good imitation cf a steel armed glove. One or two of these scales had become loose, and as my fingers closed round her wrist, their sharp edges grip ped her tender skin and drew blood. This, of course, I was not aware of, but I was struck by what I considered the perfect expression of pain she simulated. But, sure enough, when I re moved my. hand, and she called' all to bear wit ness that she. had been compelled by force to 'execute the deed, adding, 'I bear my lord of Ruthven's sign manual on my wrist,' I noticed the blood from two little cuts trickling down the back of her hand. I was considerably discom posed, but did not forget the nature of the part I was enacting. When the curtain went down, she accepted my apology most graciously and amiably, saying, 'Upon my word, I should not object to such an experience at all times in fu ture, for I think my face showed better than I could possibly have acted the pain I really felt.' At the date of Montgomery's first appearance in Sydney she was giving readings at the School of Arts. 