THE OPERA. I ? ? — . To discuss at this date the differences between j What are called the schools of Wagner and of \ those whom his most' fervid admirers claim be should supersede would be waste of time, unless one were writing for scientific musicians, and then to do it would be waste of time. Many learned, that is, musically learned, persons have describ ed it at considerably, and, to the uninitiated, in comprehensible, length. A biographer has writ ten that Wagner 'disregards the re quirements of vulgar- taste or tasteless nese. -. . \ . . His 'works are the Im mediate effusion of his poetical inspira tions, to which the forms of absolute music must give vay.' Wagner himself claimed that his music was merely new dramatic language. He departed from the much-trodden paths of the historic epoch, and, as his own librettist, as well as composer, metrical crisis and thesis and rhyme are discarded, and music. Instead of being used to produce what we call airs, is made the vehicle, superior to words, or painting, or sculp ture, for describing everything the universe con tains. This is one way of mentioning the dif ference between composers like Wagner and, let us say, Verdi. Another way of doing so was given in the San Francisco 'Argonaut' quite re cently. Two society ladies, who had insured a successful season of grand opera from a financial standpoint; gave the manager their opinions as to the works to be produced. 'I prefer Italian opera,' said one, 'the music is so eoft and low.' 'Ah, but Wagner is my choice.' 'Yes, but the Italian interferes but little with the conversation in the boxes.' 'True, but Wagner will give us au excuse for talking all the louder.' As a matter of fact, Wagner has written and. com- posed much that is not popular, which is by no means to say that it should be popular, but he 53 also responsible for several things that have im pressed themselves upon the popular taste. Only the '.other day the 'Wedding March.' from 'Lo- hengrin,' was sung at some public ceremony such as that we propose to have in Sydney on Tuesday week, by a chorus of girls from the Kamehameha School. : Of this music, a Wagner enthusiast say* that 'the bridal procession of Blsa In slow so lemnity moves from the palace to the Cathedral, accompanied by the solemn strains of chorus and orchestra. In this masterly way of illustrating the deeper meaning of a dumb ceremony by a kind of decorative music, Wagner's art and dramatic vocation are shown almost as much as in the stronger accents of passion.' From this, it will be seen that Wagner is nothing ir not mythical. Indeed, from the time of his 'Flying Dutchman,' until the supreme myth Death stayed his hand, he * dealt with the mythi cal only, and told of. it |n his music. This was the natural development of an author who, when very young, composed a tra-- gedy which was a kind of compound of 'Hamlet' and of 'King Lear.' Of. this he said himself: 'The design was grand in the extreme. Forty two persons died In the course of the .piece, and want of living characters compelled me to let most of them re-appear as ghosts in the last act.' Far be it from anyone to say in eoBBequence of this mat wagner met a stung patron in 'that mad Ludwig of Bavaria who wae grandson of the Ludwig to whom Lola Monies gave notoriety and some thing like a revolution. Ludwig built a theatre for Wagner. Furthermore, Lud wig liked to hear Wagner's operas when he him self constituted the sole audience. So enrap tured was he with Wagner's setting of the myth of ?'Lohengrin,' that he had a 'tank built at his palace, and a papier-mache boat made, in which, drawn by swans, he personated Lo hengrin, passing along waters tinged to a poetic cerulean by means of washer woman's blue. By the way, the papier mache, boat once melted away. Though a woman hater, Ludwig liked to be accurate, and, therefore, he once engaged a German actress to sit by his side while his boat glided on to Wagner's music. Just as all male Germans are known by a ten dency to wear spring sided boots, and German actresses invariably, to use a pastoral expression, run into flesh, the actress on the occasion men tioned was decidedly stout. But she had a poetic soul, which, fired by the music and the situation, caused her to suddenly arise and embrace the king. Ludwig was a big man, and resented the actress's action so strongly that the boat upset, and there ?was nearly a real tragedy. Whep. King Ludwig died there were columns of pictures illustrative of his life in the London papers. One of these showed him in a favorite diversion, that of ^rivi-rip- on a. o.l*'a.r. colrl nisht over snow at the fastest pace possible in a sledge oa which was superimposed a kind of crystal coach. In this way he personated a mythical character. Wagner's music is now accepted in Paris, but when passages from his -triology were first given, :af the Bden Theatre ' -they created risks, the author having written a congratulatory letter to the German Emperor on the surrender of the French capital. At that time it was dangerous in France to admire either Wagner 'or his work. It is said, but this is not given as accurate his tory, that the French imagined that an added ihorror to the march of the German troops through Paris would be an order by the German Emperor compelling the Parisians to condone Wagner's compositions. This rather disconnected dissertation concern ing 'Lohengrin^ leads up to notice of the per formance of the opera in Her Majesty's Theatre I ?las| ; night. Though the weather was not that j Which, tempts people to leave their homes to go! to theatres, it miaht have been delightful for all j influence it had ill depreciating the attendance. } The house was cihwded, . and there could be no doubt from the bepnning to the end that Wag ner's music is now 'un&erstanded; of the vulgar,' using the word vulgar in its best ana primary sense. Despite the fact that ,an orchestra which is ample for ordinary, operatic : requirements is not wholly up to the' standard which is re quired for Wagner, the conductor, . M. SLapoffski, who showed marvellous power of skill and control, so utilised his otherwise excellent material as to minimise the results of the. want of certain instruments. The chorus, too, sang with ya appreciation, of their work, and with- an obedience to tuition which was remark able, and which therefore produced as good a ren dering of the music as could 'be expectedl The stage getting, even by comparison with that of the operas 'Mr. Musgrove has already given, was lite rally magnificent, and was complete in detail. It seems a small thing to notice, but it is none the leas -important on that account to say that the swan- which drew ^LoaelqCTin's boat /Wfif not H?*cu lousv as a stage swan too 'often is, thus reducing what is intended ,io' be beautifully .marvellous to something repulsively ludicrous, and out «f place. Like the fawn in 'Pygmalion and Galatea,' and the fox; in Sardou's 'VNos iStimes,' the'swan in. 'Lohengrin' haa to b« natural, ar laughter la api to oomo 'in In the ^wrong place. 'Al- J together, and including the principals, Australia I has previpuely seen no such performance of 'Lo- hengrin' as that* which Mr. Musgrove gives. And VLbhengrin'' has been pepdered fn AuBtralpsia— which, inclrfdes New Zealand— fairly, indifferently, and badly. This has made it even here a classic, of which it Is not necessary to give the mystic plot, unless a writer desires' to atone for want of individual industry by,, as tbe American editor put it, 'writing something out with a scissors.' Taking the Elsas of last night— because there were two— -Miss Gecile Lorraine,, who showed signs of illness directly she sang her first note, overcame these, and sang wonderfully well, all things con sidered, until she had finished her aria from the balcony in the second act, to the complete satis faction -of the audience. Then she must have failed, for her place was taken at a moment's notice hir Umn EloluffnVl mhn tloA VlAAII nrPviOUBlV seated in the dress circle. When it Is said in addition that Madame's performance was of the tendereet kind, exhibiting, in addition to vo calisation ol a most cultivated kind, a full know ledge of the acting requirements gf the part. M. Arens'e Lohengrin to those who saw his Faust disclosed capabilities not then exhibited, not only in the way of voice, but of dramatic capability. And, speaking of dramatic capability, M. Max Eugene sang admirably as Duke Frederick, made, up, especially after the first act, and acted with a breadth of effect which over censorious persons might think merely melodramatic, but which was really in consonance with the part. Tlje part, with all due respect to the higher art, is melo dramatic) and is none the worse for being so. Miss. Enriquetta Crichton, whose Siebel in 'Faust' was merely satisfactory, was far better as Ortrud last night. ? If her vocal powers were not so great as could be found in other imperso- - nators _*rf Ortrud, they were quite Euffieient for those who are content with less than absolute perfection, - As Henry the Fowler, Mr. Tilbury's voice asserted volume and richness, while as the Herald Mr. Mooney, by his thorough knowledge of music, as well as by bis vocal gifts, which are more, than considerable, made a distinct impres sion. . . 