[?] Short Story. i lie opawn or t-omme. (Concluded.) Tlie stranger had started to his feet Bite eyes groat, and fuJl of Arc, Ids hands clinched above his head. Whirling round aud faring Arthur Brackenbrldge he demanded : 44 Why would you hill yourself V M I have lost -my fortune, aud " " What Is that ? You talk of cowards! I thought you valiant, you thought yourself eo ! Bah ! why -waste good powder aud ball. You roar to five be- eau«i\ perchance, your ctrcum<slanee>" may not be quite so pJoaaant as for merly. SoTdid coward." " It's not altogether a matter of mouoy," faltered the young man. The stranger kept .his eyes fixed upon h'.w. " There's <l warrant " 41 Then you axe a. criminal Y " No, I am not" 41 Why Ube woman t ?' " My partner (has landed us both In fraudulent bankruptcy " "Are you Jnuoocnt ' Absolutely." 44 And you fear ?" "Well, there is as much shame as fear—" " You are vain as well as a coward." "To be the principal In a criminal trial is no pleasant experience ; at least. «i> 1 gather from the newspapers." The heavy man sat down again and gazed at B-r&clvenbridge; contemptu ously. would have me 'believe you. Your cowardice Is so great flint you are will ing to staiup yourself guilty by self- murder rattier than face your nocuscrs and confound them. On my soul I, am surprised you ventured out alone to kill yourself. I should have thought you would have implored some one to Ymne wirh you while you look ilie leap in the dark. Why wore you given youth, strength, health, good strung arms and eouud heart if they were not intended to overcome obstacles ? Think ! would if not be greater far to step out before the world and say, 'Here am I, an hones: man ; where are my accusers V rather than to lie on the floor of a railway car riage -with a -wreath of powder-smoke for a crown ?" " Yes. hut j'ou see, my dear sir. to-day there has been a focussing of all that h unfortunate for mc. My whole fortun is gone ; the fact (that it has been lo on uses the police to 4 want me, and lb faot that the police 4 want' me has 1<v ine— well " " Out with it ! Lost you What T Arthur Brackcnhridge did not inter to isay miorc, but the etrangerVs cm- mantling gaze and Imperative quest:- left him -powerless to resist A-t eve- station (he prayed that some one won enter the compartment, but. the Und. ground is a contrary Sine. No one d turbed them. " What else -have you losf" demand the heavy mail ?" " Well, to 4 out with It as you a.- k a- the girl to whom 1 am engaged was." : The stranger threw back his lie-r » and burst into a flood of laugh!- wherein there was no ghost of a trace « ' mirth. Brackenbridgc felt hidignar at tflie sarcastic levity of -his new fonn combatant, but eaid nothing. ' 44 Giri," the heavy mau shouted " Fine girl, lindecd, that will break ho promise because you've lost a pound She gave you her word and now tell ! you to your face 'that £be will not Uccj "She has not I tell you sbc- #he " "But you have Just this minute sai.: ehe told you to go about your busi uesfi " 44 1 said nothing of the sort." "Then how know you that you h:n lost her T Brackeubridge was silent. " Let n-s be honest one to the other. 'Answprimo Unu- Irnow rnii V 41 Her guardiau, her aunt, told me." "My young frieud. Hie advice «»f one who has seen, experienced, learned Have no -dealings with a woman through a woman— never. Give me that revolver you have 1n your breach pocket" The revolver was weakly passed over, 44 Now we are coining to Earl's Conn Station. Get out ; be a man ; walk up to tlhe first policeman you meet — or, bet tcr tstlll. 'hail a hansom, and tell cabby to drive to <thc nearest police station. Say to the inspector. 1 hear there 'is a warrant out for inc. 7 have come to give myself up, if yon want me. " " By George ! I don't like to do it. you know— 1 swear I don't ; but I sup pose your advice good. T must Bay I do not fancy parading -through the ma chinery of justice — tlie stinking police cells and maybe the stinking Did Bailey and the stinking Hollo way as well. Don't like the Mea, I say." 41 Nonsense. 1 have little doubt that you'Ql find tthc plank bed iu the cells more eu-rertaiuing at least Chan the stone stall of the -morgue." " Don't spe-ok of it, sir— not soother word. I 'hadn't thought of that, 'pon my soul— I Iftdn'L You make my flesh The etranger grtnned for the first tfrme, Arthur Brackenbridgc reached l for his hat, and reluctantly left the carriage. He stood for a moment, his bark to the compartment and this 'hand still on the door. Turning, lie said : "Yes. you're right. IU do H; I'll give myself up and see what becomes of i mc. My name 16 Brackeubridge : you | will, without a doubt, sec it appear often enough in the newspapers dur ing the next month or oo. Bui, whatever becomes of <me, you. «ir, have saved my life. Whether you have done me a good turn or an ovD one has yet to be seen ; but to-night, at leat, 1 am grateful, very grateful. That slab keeps vivnr- rlng to my mind, you know, and— well, good- bye, my friend, and God bless you, sir, God bless you !" The two meu clasped bauds, .gazing Into one another's face earnestly and long. The train started with its usual wrnvktni? IpvV The heavy man «5at huddled In (lie corner, hfe brows contracted, arms fold ed, nnd lite eyes fixed ou his dancing foot The train arrived at and departed from West Kensington Station. He slipped hts hand Inlo his breast pocket, and slowly drew forth the revolver. The wuzzta smelt blood ; \i looked blood. Without -one glance at rhe weapon, but handling it as a usurer handles a gold ornoiineni, he muttered : "Taken one life, naved one life. Surely the one should balance the other. But he says 4 No, not one life, but two you have takeu— two ! two 1 ypur vic tim's and your own.' 1 believe -he Is as fight In taty case as I was ia his, and tlie balance Is against me, against ime— hopelessly against me ; against me now and for all eternity. He said -to me, 4 God 'bless you, sir !' I think that is of good onieu. He is the last I shall meet on this earth, aud he said 4 God bless you. sir r " Willi his thumb he drew back the hammer of the weapon until It "clicked" twice. 44 1 may as well cud my flight by In stantaneously pulling myself out of rca-rii of my pui-Miens ; and it is better that 1 do it wiib ilie young man's words ringing 1u my on iw. He was flying to his death; I from mine. He found life; I find—" At Ha-imnoivmitli Station Hie travel- lei's 'by the -train gathered round the compartim-m, to stand tip-toe and peer into K while Hie guards were lifting j Hie corpse up from ius sorrowful col- ' lnp.se ; and next morning's papers con tained the uews of the suicide of the Grav's Inn nnimtarm- mul tlu» ,>f Arthur Brackenbridgc. — 44 The Lud- gate." 