TOM OSIlNGTON'S GHOST. (By RICHAIRD 1MARSH). IIAPITltEI X. ALATZIR rINDS fIItSEIr IN .AN AW'W\VAIID SITUATION. |There was nio burglar. Tthe night asi o'nlisturbed; and the next day naus, 'fr both, a. busy one. :lbho morning npost brought Madge anI fiulltination fromn a publisher to wholnm tshe lind siulamitted one of iher jMSS., Tla.. he wouii be obliged if, lwhen she wans in town, she would call on him, so ,iht shel might discuss with him termL For its.publieation. That biusiness-like .memlllorandumil nlide hler heart beat :faster: senttthe bIlood coursing quickly ;thlrolghl her veins; ndded a slmrkle to her eyes. This ,after all, was the sort of fo:rtune she preferred one which she hadl striven with her own brains and lihand.lietter- than hidden Ihordts! The .simple breakfast became an l Elysialn feast. IElla was almhncst as jubilant as shem herself was. '"Northlcote & Co.? That's a good ,houlse, isn't it?" "htalier. They published - .nalge reeled off the inanes of two or three pronouncedl fictional successes. "'ilow munch do you think they'll give 3you for it?" "In cash?-not ullluchl; dont you ,thinik I shall bring home the flank of England. So ]ong as they give me a fair share of anytlhimg it may ultima tely l.ring, 'I'l be content. fut it isn't that; it's getting tile first footing on the ladder-thaLt's tile thing." "Of course it is. flow splendid.! And I'll tell.you what; you shlall dedi cate it to me, and then if it sells by thqe hundred thousand, Iishall have a. bit of your fame." "Done!-- and your name upon. the fiy3leaf ought to help to sell the book: it's is well known asmine is, anyhow. Tile aullthor's spoken-you shall be the dqdiectee?" T'hey went up fown together. Ellai had to bie at hier office at half-past nilne. and it is true that that seemed a trifle early to make a call upon a publisher. hut, as Ella correctly observed, "You can look at the shops until it is time." Which is precisely what Madge did do. things she saw in the shop windows whichl she mentally resolved to pur chase if the book succeeded. Such an unusual number of useful things seem ed to be displayed. And it certainly is odd what a qdantity of them were just the articles which Ella and she' particularly required. Her interview with the publisher was a delightful one. She. agreed to every thing he proposed. His propositions were not quite on the scale of magnifi cence which she had conceived as being within the range of possibility. But still, they were near enough to be satisfactory. She was to have a sum of money paid her on the publication of the book-'not a large sunm, but still something. And there was to be roy alty besides. When she hBinted, almost as if she-had beeni hinting at something of which she ought to be ashamed, that if rart of the money were paid before publication it would be esteemed a favour, that publisher went so far as to draw a cheque for half the amount, and to hand it to her tlen iand there. It is a fact that 3Madge Brodie was an un commonly pretty girl-bu.t such an ac cident was not likely to make. any im prcssion on tle commercial instincts of a creature whlo battens upon authors. She went straght off and cashed that cheque. When she had the coin in ner pocket---actually in her pocket-she felt the financial equal of a Rothschild. She lunched all by herself at a res tairant in the neighbourhood of Char ing Cross- and a nice little lunch she had; made some purchases, with one eye on Ella and -another on herself; and then sle went and gave a music lesson to Miss Clara, Parkins, whose father is ihe proprietor of the Belve dere Tavern- that well-known hostel ry, withiin a hundred miles of Wands worth Common. Miss Parkins was within a year or two of hier own age, all nmiconmnonl shrewd young woman, end a pleasant one to boot. The lesson lied not been proceeding two minutes before she per ceived that something was disturbing the ordinarily tranquil currents of her teacher's mind. Whlen the lesson was finished, she made s vaeliant effort to iind out whet that sometihing was. She looked down, and she picked at the nap of hlier frock, and she asked, a tone or two under her usual key. S"Whet is it? I wish you'd tell me." 3tadge stared; nothlling which had gone before lied led to such. a question "What is what?" "What is it which makes you--all brimming over?" l;ldge went red. She was an arrant little snob, and hy nio minlns proud of giving music lessons to a publican's daughter - altllouguh that publicyl's daughter was thle best paying pupil she hlld, and not tihe least agreeable. She \'ls on lher stilts in Ia mnoment. "I don't understand you." "Tha't's a story'. Of course it's no business of nmine. Bnt you do seem so happy, and I think that shlaring other people's happiness is almost as good as being happy yourself-don't you? But I'nm awfully sorry I naked." Miss Parkins' air of contrhtion melt ed Madge's mood. As she adjusted hlier veil, ihe condescended to e.;lain. "I have lhad rather a stroke of luck." "I'T awfully glad to hear it. Of course I know you tidil notlling' of me; but I think ino end of yoLu. I lopee that someone Ils left you a fortune." "I like it as well as if :some one had, though I dare say you'll think it's ino thing. I've sold a book." "A book? Oh!--one of your own writing? I knew you were clever. hllen is it coming oiut?' "We've -hardly got so far as dates." "When it does coine, Ihi buy a dozen and pay for them, if you'll giver me one with your name inside." "I'11 give you the one without there being the necessity for your buying the dozen." '1 knew you'd say that. I know you don't think I'm good enough to buy yeur book. But I don't mind. I hope it will lie a success." "'That's very kind of you." "And it wvill i.be, I'm sure of iL. You're tIle sort tlhatt does succeed." "Jlow do .out make that out?" "'I don't krnow exactly-but yot are. You've got the air of sutccss tabont you. Antd shlien 1peole hav1e got tle air of success, you'll !enera'lly find that they get the thingf itself." "Yosu tdttl.nt of the world!" Site stoplped anld kissed the girl. .It was thie lirst fimnniliarity lhey' had ex changedt. 3liss I'arktins iput her arms ahout heri neck uind kissed hier in re t~urn--a half quizzical somnetlhing in her ey·es. "You mlark my word--you're tle sort that tdoes s~uceeld!" Madtlge wa:lled thotte with an added feeling of elation. She Ianghed :at the girl's pretensions to ,l a t almlost amiounlt to prophetic insight-yet wondlered if there might not be some thling in what she sadt. At any rate it wa:; nice to be believed ill, even by Miss Itarkiins. She felt that she hadt tdone the young woman an injustice. A ptIblican's daughlter, after all, is flesh atnd bloodt. If the book succeed edt shoutlt opportunity offer, shle would ltlaee it tplon public record that Clara 'Parkins had foretoldt its success which would be fame for Clara. She smiled at her own conceit. Thie possi bility thait shte might one dtlay beeonre an iimportant person only loomed on the hIorizont since the advent *of that niote in thie miorning. ]timmersed in suclt thougllts. altnost imtwiltintgly she iarrived'at Clover Cot tage. Inserting her latchkey in the keiyhohl she turned andt opened tlhe dtoor. .\Alost its soon' as lie did so, it twas thrurst violently Ihack on her, and bangedI in her face. She was so start led t'hat, for a second or two, she stared it the closed door as if in doubt as to iwhat had really happened. Shte httd been. in itmagination, so far away that it requirt'1 positive effort on hier part to bring herself back to earth. "Well," she muttered, below . her breath, "thlt' at's cool. I wonder vwho did that. Perhaps it was tile wind." She did not stay to consider how the windtl coutld have beluivod in such an eccentric manner. Shio gave hier key another twist, and the door a push. hut tihe Ikey refused to act, or to move, in thie direction required, and thie door stood still. 'T'his, under the circum stances, singiulatr behaviour of the key andtl the door, seemedt to rouse hier to it clearer perception of thle situation. She gave tile key a further twist, exer ting'tall her strength. "'What is the matter? It turned easily enough just now." It would not turn then, try hiow she might, and the door would niot budge. "Can thie eatdi have fallen? I don't see how; it haIs never done anhything of thie kind before. I wonder if sonice one's having a joke with me; perhaps EIlla has returnted." Acting on the supposition, though it was two hours in advance of tfle time at which Miss Duhncan might be gene rally expected, shite knocked at the door. None answered. She knocked agin--louder. If Ella was hiaving a jest at hier expense it was hardly to be expected thait shite would put an end to thle joke by answering tier first sum Itons. She kInocked again and again wiiltout result. "This is chrlnmindg-to be locked out of my owtn hotse is not. what I ex pected." Shte drew back, in order to survey the premises. Nothing was to seen. "Perhaps I'd better try the back door. Since the front seems Ilermetie ally closed, the back may be open for n change." ]ut it was not. She rattled at the handle; shook the door; rapped at the panels with hier knuckles. No one heeded hier. She returned to the front \--with a curious feeling of discomfi ture. "W'hat can have happened? It's very odd. Tile door opened easily enough ait first-it felt as if some one had pulled it from within. I wonder IIullo. that's the time of day is it? I saw tlhat curtain move. I fiancy now, Miss Ella Duncan, that I've caught you--you are amusing yourself inside. 1'li give that knocker a thammerintg which I'll engage to say 3yo0 sihall hear." She was as good as her word-so far as tile hammering was concerned. She kept up a didbos tattoo for some three or four minutes with out cessation. But though it is not impossible that the din was audible on time other side of the Conunon, within none heeded. She was becoming annoyed. Going to the sit ting- room window, shie ?lpped sharply at the frame. "Ella I s:aw you! Don't be so silly! Open the door! You'll hare all the neibghbourhood about thle place. It's too bad of yo? to keep me outside like this." jIt might be too bad; but the offender showed no sign of relenting. Madge struck Iher knuckles against the pane with force enough to break the glass. "Ella'!" Still silence. "How can you be so stupid-and un kind! Ella, open the door! Or is it you, Jack? Don't think I didn't see you, because I did- I s?aw you move the curtain." She might have done, but the curtain was motionless enough now. Madge was losing tler temper fast. In her es timation, to be kept out of thIe house like this was carrying a sufficiently hiad joke a good deal too far. "If you don't open the door at once, I shall break the glass and let myself in that wray!" ShIe assailed the window-pane with a degree of violence which suggested that she meant what sihe said; then flattened hler nose against it in an en deavour to'discover who might be with in. While she peered, the door whs opened, and.some one did come in. She started back. "Who on earth-" She was going to say. "Who on earth is that?" But when she got so far, she stopped-because she knqw. At least in5~rt. rirsti h . the door there caime a womn. oalthougfhll she could scarcely crend ¶fe evidence of her own eyesight, in 'her she recognised, the visitor of the day but one before-the creature who had persisted in calling herself "tho ghost's wife." At her heels there was a mai, a perfect stran ger to Madge. Having recognised the woman, she looked to see in her com panion thi loafer of the previous after nborn-tut thifs ceranly was no le. Thisi l was a misesable, insignificant looking fellow, very- much down at heel \--andl apparently very much down at eveytlhing else. The woman, with im plitent asummncee, can striding straight to the window. The man ihung back, exhibiting in his bearing every symptomni of marked discomfort. Time female, as brazen-faced as if she was oni the right side of thIe window, stared at Madge. And Maldge stared at her-amazed. So amnazed, indeed, that for iia moment or two she was at a loss for words. When they came at last, they came in the form of an inquiry. "W\ant," she asked, " are you doing there?" The woma:n waved hier lhnid--ill fact, she waved both her hands--as if repel linm some noxious insect. '(ilo away!" she cried; "go away! This house is mine--imne!" Madge gasped. 'I'That tile ereatuire sas mad, at the best, she mailde no doulit. 1Iut that conviction, in thie pre sent situation, was of small assistinie. What was she to do? As she asked herself this question, with nio slight sense of helllessness, thIe g;lte clicked behind her. Some one entered the garden. It was hlruce (irahimm. CIIHAPTER XI. UNIDERI THIE SPELL. "Mr. Gralhamn!" she exclaimed.. "Re allir 1 do believe that if I hadil been asked what thing I molt desired aLt this particular moment, I should have an swered--youn!" Grahalm's sombre features were clhas tened by a smile. "That's very good of you." "Look here!" Laying one hand against his arm, with the other sihe pointed at trie sitting-room window. Iis glance' followed her finger-tips. "Who's that?" "That's what I slhould very much like to ascertain." "I don't quite follow you. Do you hmean that you don't know who she l " "I only know that I've been iaway all day, and that on my return I find her there. Ilow she got there I can' say but she seems determined to keep me out." "You don't mean that! Andl have you no notion who the woman is? She looks half mad." "I should think she must be quite mad. It's the ivoman who forced her self into thile house the day before yes terday after you had gone-thit's all I know; of her. This time she is not alone; she has a man in there with tier." "A man! Not-Ballingall?" "No, not Ballingall. At least, I only caught a glimpse of him-but ir's not the man who was watching you. From her behaviour the woman must be per fectly insane." "We'll soon make an end of her, in sane or not" Graham went to the window. Tle woman, completely unabashled, had re nmanined right'in front of it, an obser vanlt spectator of their proceedings. Hle spoke to her. "Open the door at once!, She repeated the gesture, she had used to Malge-raisiug her voice, at the same time, to a shrill sceam. "Go away! go away! Thit house is mine-mine! I don't want. any tres passers here." Graham turned to Madge. "Do you authorise me t gain an entry?" "Certainly. I don't want to spend the night out here." rermission was no sooner given tuinu the thing was done. Grasping the upper sash of the window wil4 both his hands, Graham brought it down with a run, tearing awayfthe hasij from its fastening as if it had bee! so much thread. It was a capital obect-lesson of the utility of such a safeguard against the wiles of a museular burg lar. The upper sash being lwered, in another moment the lower, one was raised. Mr. Graham was injthe room. The woman was possibly too astonish ed by the unceremonious nalure of his proceedings to attempt any resistance, even had she felt disposed. Graham addressed Mi.s Brodie through the window. "Will you come this way? or shall I open the door?" "If you wouldn't mind, 1'd rather you opened the door." | He opened the door. Presently they were in the sitting-room, flce to face with the intruders. Graham took them to task-the woman evincing no sign of discomposure. "Who are you, and what is the mean ing of your presence on these pre mises?" "This house is mine-mine! It's all of it mine! -And who are you, that you ask such a question-of a lady?" She crossed her hands on lihecbreast with an assumption of dignity which, in a woman of her figure and scare crow like appearance, was suficiently ludicrous. Graham eyed her as if sub jecting her to a mental appraisement Then he turned to the man. "And pray, sir, what explanation have you to offer of the felony you are committing?" This man was a little undergrown fellow, with sharp hatchet-shaped fea tures, and bent and shrunken figure. lie had on an old grey suit of clothes, which were three or four sizes too large for him, the trousers being tuned up in a thick roll over the top of an oft-patdhed pair of side-spring boots. :There was about him none of the as surance which marked the woman the air of bravado which he attempted to wear fitted him as ill as his gar .ments. (To be continued.) 