The Cause and Cure of Spiritual Aberration. By the Rev. D. O. Champerlayne. Mental aberration is a serious calamity. It unfits a man for worldly activities and human fellowship. Spiritual aber ration is more serious. It unfits its victim for religious activities and divine fellowship. The victim of aberration regards subjective illusions as real facts, and unreasoning fancies as logical deductions. Though varying in its manifestations, spiritual aberration has been -prevalent in all agos of the Church. In* earlier Methodism it was generally the outcome of inflated egotism or unballasted emotionalism. In these latter days it is more often attributable to pedagogic pride or perfunctory formalism. Whatever direction spiritual aberra tion may take, its radical causes are the same : First, a subtle divorcement be tween God's word and man's life. Only so far as we test our obedience by God's precepts may we prove His wonders by our experience. Second, dwelling on one set of religious topics or ideas exclusively. There have been no suc cessful specialists in religious truth. To neglect many departments of human knowledge is a necessity, but to neglect any moral truth is to suffer moral damage. Nowhere is the neglect of the scientific method so flagrant or so fatal as in religious thinking. We smile at the old philosophers who sat in their studies, and by a priori reasoning spun out of their brains systems of astronomy, sociology, government, or medicine. Much of their work looks wildly de lirious to modern eyes. To-day every theory must be preceded by numberless investigations, tested by endless experi ments. Yet Christian education has departed but little from the old method. Why should we accept as teachers of the Christian system, or any part of it, men whose preparation has been limited to the study of books and manuscripts ? The Christian system is a life, human nature vitalised by divine power. No man can understand or teach it unless he is near to tne heart of humanity and to the heart of God. A professor of biology whose knowledge was derived only from the study of books and a few preserved specimens would be driven from his chair. Modern teachers get the best part of their equipment outside of books, in actual investigation and experiment. And here our divinity schools are lamentably behind the times. Theoretical teaching of divine truth is deadening. It is ever true that ' the letter killeth.' But while all schools produce a certain proportion of lettered dead, the best educational methods aim to reduce this by-product to a minimum. Three fundamental sources of truth are open to the student of divine biology : the word, which is iu our text book : the Holy Ghost, who is our teacher ; and humanity, whose despairing, struggling, aspiring life is the protoplasm of angels, whose multi tudinous voice is the voice of God. He who neglects any of these will acquire those partial and distorted forms of truth that make ' a little knowledge a danger ous thing.' The Christian system calls for miracles. Its Founder was the Son of God. Its Administrator is the Holy Ghost. Its origin was miraculous ; its work is miraculous, to transform men by a second birth into the children of God. But our professor, amid his books and parchments, never saw any miracles; ergo, there are no miracles, and, further still, there never were any miracles — to speak of. And such parts of the sacred records as contradict his experience are open to the gravest suspiciou. So with the perfunctory formalist : his highest ideal of aggressive Christianity is to coax respectability and childhood into the Church. How can he accept the extreme statements of prophets and evangelists concerning the awful results of depravity, tho wonders of redeeming grace ? Christ came into the world to seek and save the lost. We cannot see God aud humanity in their true relations unless we place ourselves where Christ stood, down beside the lost. Then we realize our own insufficiency, the help lessness of humanity, the power of God. The cure for spiritual aberration is to keep always in vital touch with the great central truth of Christianity. Salvation by faith in Christ. Live it, witness it, toil for it ! If any other truth becomes central in our lives, spiritual aberration will surely result. The usurping truth may be important or trivial. It may be sanctification or ritualism, faith healing or higher criticism, second advent or prohibition. But if we follow Christ crucified we shall Jive under the guidance of a power that is ever 'casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ.' The teachers in our schools should be men of large experience in the practical work of salvation. The national govern ment places over its military schools officers who have been in active service, and expect to return to it. How can a man who has settled for life in a com fortable professorship inspire young men to believe that the highest attainable glory is in winning souls to Christ ? The Church of Jesus on earth is a Church'militant, not a Church'scholastic. Its vocation is to seek and save the lost. When it ceases to do this it is itself lost. — Western Christian Advocate. Clarendon, N.Y. 