HOW THE SHOD LASS RADE TO SCARTOP. By HALLTWELL SUTCLEFFE, Au thor of ''Riecroft of Witiens," "Moor and Fell," &c.; [Published by special arrangement, with tho author. All rights reserved.] Now, I ask all folk that hev getten a head-piece to their shoulders-did iver a plain man, 030111 an' bred on Marshcotes Moor, set himself up for a story- teller? A story-teller i' print, I'm meaning; for that's a different matter fro' an odd crack or so i' t'h' ingle-nook after pupper, when a pipe is toward, and may be a pint of ale at a man's el'bow. But that ever I, Bphraim Scull, reared on Marshcotes 'Moor, should sit Tnysela da'hn to spell out, wi' my girt, gaumless fist, a story for t fancy chaps What reads i' books-nay, it do beat all! But t'h' young maister, I'd hev ye know, is by way o' being a hectoring sort o' chap; he mun hev this an' he mun 'hev .that, an' it's precious poor meat ye get for your supper if ye run agen hira. Not but -what I'm a thorn fond o' Maipter Townend Ted Townend, o' Scartop House; ye'll be knowing him ?-Not but that I'm a thowt fond o' the' lad, an' would fight onybody that said he warn't th' straightest-set-up dhap we've getten herea!bouts. Oh, ay, he's all that; an' when he caime to me a neet or two back, while I war storing fcum mits i' th' dhed, an' said I war to write dahn all 'at I could think on about how he went sweethearting-well, I war fair cap ped, as t'h' saying is. I war that put out by th' bare notion o' me marlalang wi' written speech, that I let an armful 0' tummits 1 war hugging drop to th' grund. But young maister wodn't hearken to no sort o' reason, an' at th' last of all, just for tV sake o' getting shut on him, I promised I'd frame as weel as I kne>w how. An' that's how I, Ephraim Scull, tborn an' bred o' godly parents, come to lie wast ing a fooil's time for them other fooils as cannot ge't a plain meaning out of a plain thing, saving they see it i' print. But Lord bless ye, th' young maister wwl hev it so, an' so there's an end on.'t. Just 6idh a likely un as his father afore him, war young Tom Townend; big an' bluff, wi' a ye-may-do-as-ye-please sort o' style, for all th' world as though Marsh cotes, an' Ling Crag, an' right away to Lan cashire, war made just for him an' nobody else. An' he sprawled into love, did th' lad, -wi' owd Squire Daneholme's daughter 0' Saxilton. An' that's what I'll be telling ve about i' a while, if yeH nobbut give a honest man time to spread his elbows. A fearful proud lot Hhey war, th' Dane holmes, wi' a mucky sort o' pride that hedn't no kinship wi' th' stiff-Standing pride o' th' Townends. Bnt Miss Dane holme-Gertrude 'her name war, all i' th' grand folks style-warn'it like th' reat o' the breed; she'd getten a warm heart an' a bonnie face, an' a right gooid wife she's shown herself to young maister, an' a right good mother to th' baims. An' there I go, fair gaumless like, telling th' end o' th' tale afore iver I've hitched t'h' harness on "to th' beginning. Nay, I'm a poor'mak' of a storyteller; I'm a sight better at mowing a swathe, an' it do seem a sin to turn your hand to other wark than th' Lord meant ye for. But, howiver, that may be, I've getten to mow that acre or so o' written speech, choose how I fash myseln i' th' doing on't. How Maister Townend came to get speech o' Miss Daneholme, fair' at th' start of all, is more nor I can tell ye; though I've bit of a fancy that it war poaching thait first took him Saxilton way. An' if I tell ye that young Tom Townend war a rare hand at th' poaching, I'd hev ye to understand that he war, Marshcotes bred. I've heard tell 'at they think shame, dahn i' th' valleys, if a man goes taking game fro' another man's land; but up Marshcotes way we're getten a bit o' sense, an' we can see plain as a pikestaff 'at there's no more harm i' taking, say, Squire Daneholme's game, nor if you or me war to pluck a flower growing by th' way side. I wodn't say it war th' poaching that Copyright in the United States of America by D. first brought 'em together, an I wodnt say it warn't. All I kncwv is, they Soc fearful fond one o' th'.other, Maister Town end an' young Miss Daneholme; an they used to met here an' there i th baxil ton woods, as thick an' lonely a bit o sweetheartin' grund as they need want. They war fair dafit-like, th' two young folk; but I warn't by way o' being haxd on em, seeing I war nobbirt a kittling myseln i them days, an' fond to run after th wendhes. But it war a pity to see th way th' master went off his victuals; a properer maji vou wodn't be like to see nor Tom Townend afore he fell m wi Miss Gertrude-but now he war thin as a mous ing cat. I looked him ower, whiles, when _ he thowt I warn't looking, an I wished ne a get agate an' wed th' lass; ay, that i did, for all I war noan so set on having a mis sus at Scartop. Women is a sight too up-an'- da'hn for a plain man^s fancy 'specially when he's ower fond o them to be just easy i' his judgment-an Tom Townend an" me hed done varry weel, as maister and man, this five year back, lver sin' th' old folk died an' left us to t. ^ February, I mind, war a fearful wet un that year. It rained, an' it rained, till ye'd have thowt 'at th' skv war fair squeezed dry by th' time Thursday ^mght come. Valentine's Bay, it war, lor i hednt mich sense then, an' 1 nnnd me I sent a daft sort o' sweethearting token to Betty o' the Nab. I'd getten. th cows milked by 6 o'clock, an' I war_ just sitting me da nil, easy like, when I heard a sham moeky step oirtside. Shep, th' dog^ didn t growl, nobbut gave a short sort o bark, an' laid his ears back; so I knew at it must he th' maister. I ran dahn to th door to see v.liat war agate, an' th maister hopped up th' two or three steps an into th' kitchen. "What's agate?" says I, wondering at th' whiteness of his face. . . "I've broken my ankle," said th maister, short an' sharp, wi' a wry twist to hiB mouth. , . T j "An' how did ye do t r I axed. "Jumping the wall at the bottom ox .Sykes' Meadows. I'd been after the sheep, and-here, Ephraim, I'm going silly -fetch a drop of 'brandy, and be sharp about ii." ,,ii Well, th' maister, afore I could tak a step to do his bidding, tumbled off his chair on. to th' floor, an' I grew mortal feared all on a sudden. I got th' brandy, an' I shoved a drop or so in atween^ his teeth; then a drop more. An' last of all he oppens his een i' a dazed, feckless way, an', "What's "been the matter, Ephraim?' says he, weak as a babby. "Nay, that's more nor I can tell, says I. "Ye've happened a tixmihle, an' a bad un, too, by th' look on't, for ye fell all in a faint just now." He sits up at that, an' he gies ne a look that struck me fair like th' blow of a malleft. "Nonsense," says he. "You're a fool, Ephraim. I never fainted in my life. Do you think I'm a woman?" "Nay, ve're noan bonnie enough for that," I says wi' a laugh, seeing 'at he war right sore about th' thing. _ An' he laughs an' all wi' a jerk at th end of -his laugh; an' I saw 'at .his foot war hurting an' proper. "Ye'll be heving th' doctor, happen? saya I. "Doctor be hanged," he cries. "Get me some cold water ai\d a rag. It'll "be all right in the morning." They alius war an obstinate lot, tbem Towncaids; though I'm not saying that I set such fearful store by doctors myseln. How it would hev ended I'm noan for sav ing, if there hedn't come a knock at tn door-a thundering knock, fit to break th' door in. Shep sets up a fine to-do, what wi' barking an' growling, an' I gav him a kick as I went to oppen th' door, ^ just to tell him to wait till his betters had ta en stock o' th' stranger. Now I've seen mony a queer sight ein' I war put into breeks; but th' queerest of all, to my thinking, war th' chap thatstood i' th' pelting rain on th' doorstun o' Scai top House. Eh, he war a lad! A sis footer or so, wi' sick a mat o' clothes as made a Christian laugh to see 'em. A pink jacket he hed, all soaked wi' watter, an' tight black 'breeks, an' black stoekmg3; He war just streaming, an' all down th' face of him ran streaks o' some white stuff, that hed come, I've a fancv. fro' his hair. I could mat nowt on th' lad, mver heving hed mich to do wi' them as isn't right l th' top story; so I lets him shove past me, an' into th' kitchen. ""What a night! I'm wet to the bone, says -he. He talked i' th' same clipped style as the maister, only it didn't sound, as natural-like. _ , , . Then he sees th' maister-th steam iro his clothes had blinded him afore-an' he dou's his hat mighty respectful. "Good evening, Dalton," says th mais ter, wi' another twinge at th' pain he war suffering. "Have you come froin_ Miss Daneholme?" he says, a minute at after. "Yes, sir. I've come -with this letter.' Th' maister took th' letter an* appened it rare an' quick. I watefhed his face, an' I saw th' "blackness rush into it,_ same as I've seen it do when one o' th' farm lads migfht be driving a crooked furrow. Then he 'Cried to smooch his mouth out, an' look pleasant, all i' th' gentry's way when there's summat distressful abroad. I bethought me this fine bird, wi' all his feathers rained on, mud be the mak o' chap they call footmen; an' why they call 'em by that name is because they've no.wt to do save unbuckle their master's shooin, an' happen run on odd job3 now an' again by way o' extra wark. iWeflj 'he ate 'like a gooid 'un, whether' he worked mich or.no. I saw th' maister keep looking at him, as if he wished he war onywhere save i' th' kitchen o' Scar top House, till at last he'd etten hia fiU. TV maister heaved a big sigh at that, an' ? slipped stnnmat into his hand, an' sent-him' off ibaek, double quick, to where he come fj.0' an' fhat war Sakilton, a matter o' six gooid miles, if I knew owfc o' th' way things "hed been shaping themselves o' ia^e. . . . ',^Bph^aiIa/, says tfh maister, soom as £h' door war shut behind him, ^youave got to ride to Beech Close to-ni^irt." He looked at th' grandfather's clock stand ing i' th' chimfcrley corner, an' screwed up his mouth as tight as a button. *1 give you "half an hour-to do it in, and that will -be good riding on a night like this. > 'Tm noan so set on th ride, says I, short-like, for I war stalled o* racket&mg; albout, as a man* is like to be when xie s been on his feet an' afore daybreak. ^ "I daresay you're not," 'he says, wi a grin. "If I could have ridden a horse .it all, Vou'd have been saved the journey; as it is, you'll have to go. Call at the doctors on your way and^ask him to step round as soon as he can." "An' what mun.I do when I ve getten to Beech Close?" I asfc. He Killed me what rd getten to do, an it fair made me dither all ower to think what a plain man may be brought to, once he service under a maister that s keen set on th' wenches. ,, , , Well, th' doctor war 1 th house, ail I telled him what war agate at Scartop House; an' then off sets I for Beech Close, as maister had telled me to. But I didn't like 'th' job; an' I liked' it leas th' nearer I got to my journey's end. I'd no /sooner brought th' mase up to ihl.xate th^.opp.ezi£jatoJi---^,Qd^thajiJi heard a lass's voice soft as a throstle's i' spring-time. "Is that you, Tom?" says she. Eh, but I felt a right softy, an' that's plain truth I'm telling ye. There war .Miss Daneholme, pretty, an' alum, an' dainty-born, one side o' th' gate; an' on t'other war Ephraim Scull, thinking as how he should 'her 'been young Tom. Town end, an' warn't. "Nay," says I, my heart i' my mouth. "I'm nobbut Ephraim Scull, an' I've been sent by th' young maister 'to fetch ye up to Scartop." She gave a cry at that, fair like a cat that has lost its kittlings. "Sent you to fetch me?" she cries, all as proud as may be. "Ay," I says; "he's happened a fall, an' is foot is that bad that he dursn't trust hisseln to ride." "Is he-has he hurt himself badly?" says she, all i' a fitter. "Yes, I know he has, or he would have come. Take me to him. Take me to him, do you hear?" She war ower th' gate by this time, an' patting th' grey mare's neck. "Am I to get up be hind?" she asks, wi' a laugh that warmed a body's innards. "Ay, for sure," says I, an' I war just thinking how fbonnie th' lass war, an' what a dainty, soft piece o' goods th' maister bed gi'en into my charge, when there comes a sound o' crackling twigs behind us. "Hush," says she, i' a whisper; an' she springs up behind, an' puts her arms round my neck, an' away we clatters up th' road. '"Stop, or 111 shoot!'* cries a voice be hind. "Go on," says th' lassie, an' my heart warms to her pluck. ( "He dursn't shooit, not he," I says. That's Squire Dane/holme, if I know owt; dost think he'll shooft his own daughter?" says I, wanting to comfort her. ^?6 would shoot £he !horse," ^he whi.-= J>ers, wi a sort o' dryness i' 'her voice. Sooner than let me go where I mean to go to-night he win shoot. J'aster, man, faster! Once round the "bend, and we are safe. But th' owd squire "war noan th' man to drop lead into onybody fro' behind, ;tet alone th' fact that he mud hev hit th' lassie i' mistake for th' horse. He cursed an swore at us to a rare tune; but that* war all An' away we galloped, fast as iver th_ grey mare could set shoo in to grimd, for Mar&cotes; village. Now, I'm noan for denying that a bonnie wench is a bonnie wench, an' may be I war a thawt softer i' tfh' heart i' them days-; but, that howsamiver, long afore we'd getten a mile on our road, I war fast coming to tell my seln that Scartop House mud hev a war mistress nor th' snod, game lass behind me. An' while we're galloping, I mud as iweel put in a two or three words about -th' let ter young -maister hed getten rro' Miss Daneholme. If ye've bided this long wi' a plain makeshift of a tale ye'll happen not mind i'f I stop ye a while fair i' th middle. Squire Daneholme hed getten wind o' th' sweethearteng i' Beech Close, an' he an' his daughter hed a rare set to about young Tom Townend; th' lass said she'd niver give 'him up, an' th' father swore she should; an' at th' end of all he just comes to her one afternooin an' tells her she mun come off right away wi' him to th' Low Country. Two hours he gav her to pack up her fal-lals an' her bundles; for he war going to Lunnon by th' night-coach rro' Heathele.v, seeing as he'd some mak o' business on hand that hed called 'him away i' a hurry. Well, s3ie knew they'd a plan for wed ding her to chap i' Lunnon, an' it seemed she d getten to mak a 'bold bid for Tom Totwnsend or lose him for iver. So what does i'he do, being a shade thowtless like, an' high-sperrited too, but she writes a let ter to th young, maister, saying as how she'd be waiting for hrm i' Beech Close, an' away she slips io th' wood afore iver they hed time to miss her. She dursn't tat a horse, for fear o' their seeing her; an' a drear time th' poor wench mun hev hed, earring under th wall i' th' wind an' th' rain; for I warn't so handy wi' horse fle^i as Maister Townend, an' it took me a good twenty minutes longer nor him :o cover th' seven miles betwixt Scartop ah' Saxilton. iBnt there she war, an' i' there war I at last, an' all war going weel if we could nobbut wiD to Marshcotes i' safety. Summat seemed to stir i' th' lass's mind afore we'd getten far-a thought of her mother, maybe, or some sich softness as maids do think of at sich times- men an' all, for that matter, though they hev a way of not owning up to 't. Ony road, she nipped her arms tighter about my neck, an' "'Ephraim," she says, soft as a snowflake, "it s a big change for me. I've had no time to think about it until now." She war- happen readier to talk so to a plain man, because Ephraim Scull, what wi' one thing an' another, war no stranger to her. "Nay," says L "we've getten a saying hereabout that there's bettering, i' chang ing, if it's nobbot out o' th' beck into th' burn. Ye'1. be fain o' this night's wark, an' it's Ephraim Scull what's telling ye." She seemed to pluck irp heart at th' words, an' i' a minute she war laughing, sweet and quiet like. An' then she fetch ed a deepish breath, for through th' murk an' th' wind we could hear th' beat of a boss's hoofe behind us. Clap- clap, scat ter-ecatter, came th' sound, an' I hed a sort o' foreknowledge 'at it war th' owd squire we'd geircen to deal wi'; though how he'd lighted on a horse to carry him, an' almost owerta'en us into t' bargain, all i' this short while, war more nor I could shape to myseln. I made th' jwd grey mare sit up a tidy bit, ye're thinking? Well, ye're noan far wrong.. She ra-cketted forrard, I've a fancy, at a smarter pace nor she'd set her legs to this three-year back. But _ th' squire war better mounted, an' his horse hed nobbut one to carry, an' he gained on us fast. "Will he catch us do you think?" asks Miss Daneholme, steady an' quiet. "Just aibout," says I, reckoning th' cooid mile an' more that lay betwixt us and Scar top House. An' while I war reckoning, an' ponder ing how to get out o' tii' scrape, an' run ning this -way an' that f my .plans, like a rat that's caught i' a trap- thinking be ing nowt so mich i' my line, an' niver lead ing me straight-all of a sudden there comes into my girt, gaumless head, some where fro' th' back-end o' nowhere, a right proper notion-a notion that made me fetch, a rare crack o' laughter. ".Look ye here, Miss Gertrude," says I, sooin' as I could fit a heft o' words on to th' head of a plain idea. "The maister he hed it i' mind to keep th' owd doctor at Scartop till ye came; an' th' doctor war to tat ye to his house i' Marshcote?, where his missus 'ud look after ye till fch' license came, an' so give no occasion for tongues to wag. Now, we'll best th' squire for a bit yet- say, as far as Marsh cotes "Church." "And he'll catch us before we reach the moor, and then what better off shall we be?" says she, with a laugh at my dull wittednesa "Well, I'm thinking that th' doctor lives half way up th' main street," says I very slow, "an' if ye slip off at his doorstun an' leave Ephraim Scull to settle wi' th' squire " '"Yes, yes!" she cries, all up on th' plan i' a -minute, afore she'd rightly considered it-it's th' way o' wenches, I've noticed. "I see!" she cries. "And then the doctor wfll take me to see Mr. Townend later in <3ie evening? Why, 'Ephraim, you have a prettier wit than anyone suspected." "Noan so bad," I mumbled, not bem" one o' them softies what hearkens to all a pretty lass says, same as if it war gospel truth. But she'd a taking way wi her, hed th' maid, for all that. "It will be bad for you," says she, after a while. "He must have seen me mount behind you." "Nay, thai he didn't, for I turned me round when he offered co shooit, an" it war craer dark to see faim; he heard th' clatter o' hoofs, an' he guessed ye war off to th' young maister, an' it war just a mak o' clevering 'at made him say 'he'd shooit. Shooit? He couldn't hev 'hit a house i' all thai; rain an' darkness. likely Tie hedn't so mich as a gun wi' 'him, n&wther.; "And I thought you were so brave albout Er/hrami; you've spoiled your reputation. Miss Gertrude war by way o' being mightv gay, for all she'd left b<7irre for gooul an all to trust to one of us poor, "weak men f°lk. . , "I've a tidy bit o caution, an IVenoa:) so mich life lefffc i' me 'at I can afford to spill ony. An' now well hev to -male th owd grey mare to more nor ^he s a mind to, for rihere's sauire just close on our heels, I fancy." , ,, , We'd gefcten to th' 'bo&tosn; o Marsh' cotes, wheer t' paving-stuns begin to scat ter up as far as th' Bull Inn. I couM just hear th' squire's horse behind us, an J. walloped th' owd grey mare summai shameful, an' we pulled up afore th doc tor's doorsbrm i' a line muck o' sweat. j Miss Gertrude slips off i' a jiffy. an creeps to one side o' th' doctor"s girt red lamp, an' Squire Daneiholme, niver clap ping so mich as -th' tail of his een- on her, follows plain Ephraim Scull hard up th main street. An' by- an'-bye he catches me up, an' lays a hand on th' grey mare s bridle. . "Stop there!" :he cries, i' his big, bluster ing way. T j -t "It's a soft night, squire, says I, dait like; "ower soft to keep a man fro his bed. What mud ye be after!"'' He peers this way an' thai into th' dark, after he'd made sartin sure there war no .weneh behind me. Then he swears, soft like, to hisseln. An' ail th' while I sat on th' owd grey mare's back, an' laughed to mysehi so I shook. "After?" cries th' squire, at last of all. "What am I after, man? I'm after my daughter, confound her! What were you doing in Beech Close a while back'/" t "Im rather deaf, squire. Speak up!^ says I, knowing varry weel 'at there's nothing like deafness for bothering a man. He snouts at me then, an' I war careful to tell no lie, not even for young maister s sake; but somehow I gav ttr' squire to un derstand 'at Td niver been wrtbin half a mile o' Beech Close, beving ridden straight over th' hiH fro' Saxilton. "Then, you fool, what do you mean by leading me a dance all the way from Basil ton here?" "Nay," says I, scratting my head, "nay, what should a plain man be doing, squire, save looking after his maister's business?" "You must have heard me following you; you must have known I was in pursuit of you. Why didn't you stop and explain?" Th' squire war all a sputter, an' didn't rightly seem to know what he war saying. "Is't a lassie i' a grey frock yeH be after finding?" says I, fearful glow. "Ay. man. 'Have you seen her? Speak, can't you! Don't stand gaping there as if you were waiting for heaven to pump some sense into you!" "There war a snod figure of a lass came up behind me," I says, slower by th' half nor I'd been afore. An' a varry tame word I spate, choose how you look at it. ' Yes, go on. Was she on horseback?" "Ay, sue war on horseback-a grey mare, it war, much like this un 'at I'm peaked on mvseln." xh' squire's een fair danced i' his head, as I could see 'by th' light o' th' oil-lamp hanging ower th' Bull doorway. "Curse it, she's given me the slip then! What's to be done? She'd never go off alone. I'll wager that scoundrel Townend has got her in his house this minute. Did she overtake you between Beech Close and 'here?" This to me, wi' a sudden turn o' his head. "Nay, squire, that she didn't. Th' owd . grey mare, ye'll be knowing, is noan so i fond o' letting herseln be overta'en; so we I kept th' lass 'behind us all th' way, until we got to Marshcotes Main-street; an' there I lost her. An' if ye've owt else to ask, squire, I'll be proud to give ye an answer; an' if so be 'at ye haven't, I'll be wending home, for it's wet enough to flair a duck." ' Ay, off you go, and welcome. Loet her in Marshcotes, you say? Are there any short cuts to the moor that way, without coming up to the top of the street here?" "There is a short cut, but a powerful rough road it be, squire. Fair at th' bot tom o' th' hill ye'll find a bridle-track pull ing sharp away to th' right hand. That'll tak ye fair on to Marshcotes 'Moor." He stops a half minute, mebbe, then 1 turns round on me, . sudden an' sharp. I "Which is the shortest cut to Tom Town- ? end's?" says he, i' th' fashion o' one 'at hes made np his mind. Now I know not-nor iver shall I know what mak o' foolishness came over me. Happen I thowt it 'ud be better for th' young maister if I took th' squire straight to his doorstun, an' showed him th' lad Egging lame-ower lame for marlaking after wenches. Happen it war just-a taste for devilry, sich as is bred i' th' bone of ua Marshcotes chaps. Howiver, that be, I up an' said as how I war Tom Town end's man, an' main proud i'd be to tak rh' squire to Scartop House myseln. He looks twice at me at that, an' seems to think better of his plan, seeing me so quiet and Raianless. Here warn't no mouse-holes aibout Ephraim Scull, an' ye couldn't hev dapped een on a -chap who looked less like to carry off a bonnie wendh. <cWhere is your master to-day?" says th squire. "lagging on th' lang-settle wi a broken ankle When I left home. It war for medi cine an' sich-like 'at I rade ower to Sasil ton," I says, telling myseln 'at Miss Ger trude, God bless her, war th5 'best medi cine I could hev "brought him. Th' squire, after being i' two minds for awhile, turns his horse round all on a sudden, mutters a good-night, an' away back he goes down Marshcotes main street. An' Ephraim Scull wended home, laughing quiet like to hissein an' telling _t£h' owd grey mare 'at she'd done a bonnie bit o wark for th' maister. An' that's about all I've getten to tell ye. Tom Townend war listing i' th' "kit chen when I got home, wi a lot o' ban dages wrapped round his.foot. Main put about he was when he saw 'at I'd come alone, but it didn't tak long to show him whidh way th' wind blew fro', an' he laughed past all as I sat me dabn i' th' ingle-nook an' telled him th' tale. They kept Miss Gertrude well hid at tfh' doctor's until Maister Townend could cret a license; an' they were wedded i' th' owd Parish Church, wi' til' stocks outside to point 'em to th' sober side o' wedlock, an' I couldn't rightly say 'at they've had a wrong word iver since. There's a youn^ Tom Townend now, rising twenty, an' th maister hes grown to be old Tom Townend, though he's nohbut five-an'-forty or there abouts; an' there's a snod Httle lassie, shoulder-high, an' bidding fair to look th pictur' o' what her mother war when die rade behind me that night on th' owd grev mare. An' if there be ony fooils i th country-side wiat maks a taiky-talk about th' littleness an' th' wra- ng-'headedness o' women, send 'em trapesing across in' moor to Ephraim Scull; an' fust thai, same Ephraim Scull, 'being a plain man. an used to plain ways, will clout their lugs right soundly-an at after that hell talk a power o' gooid strong sense to 'em. For it's plain to be seen there's been nowt better nor a woman sin' th' world war a world at all An' them's my notions, choose who hears me say't. Next Week THE OAKT.ETGH GHOST, By A. Annitt. Recent studies of the Kaders-a race of short, curly-haired natives living in the Anasmalai hills of Southern India-show that they possess a custom not elsewhere known ih India, viz., the sharpening of the incisor teeth. This they accomplish by chip ping the teeth to a point. 