A SOLDIER'S GHOST STORY. This Is a Truo Story told by/an Old ' Penslonop to a former Ohaplaln of Ohelsea Hospital. , In tho year 1709 there was a large gan-i- t . son at Dover as there was at that time a constant expectation of an attack from ,' Franco. There wcrosixbattalionsatDovsr, ' four of which wore quartered In the Castle. ,l, ' On January 14th. there happened an ovont ? which mode a great impression on thogarri son, and which was novor explained. Among tho men whoso duty was Bcntry-co on thai night was Giles Markham, a, native of rewkesbusy, who was what ia called 'a character.' A bold, boistcrousj rpllioking ? fellow, ho always loudly oxpreesda o dlo- ;?:? liclicf in things which woro not vouched for by his own senses. ? ; I On tho night of January 14th, 1700, Giles « Markham went on to tako his tum of sontry . duty at eleven o'clock, and ho was' to be at his i-ost until ono in tho morning. Tho air' ?? was cold and braoing. . ? * ? ' . ; Within tho guardhouso a largo fire blazed merrily, and tho men woro merry ,too. Markham, who was always tho loading Bpirit among his comrades, was full of fun, and hail entertained hia comrades with many a story anil jest. ? At length his turn for duty; came, and ho reluctantly turned put. Dul. ness fell upon tho guardhouse whon ho loft, ami most of tho men dropped into a ddio. : Tho fire was beginning to burn low when suddenly tho voico of tho sentry at the ,. guanlhouso-door was heard calling out, and . pomo ono rushed into tho room. Evory one was awake in a minute, and tho intruder was seen to bo Giles Markham. His oheoks were whito, his limbs trembled, his firelock* which he had brouoht with him, fell with a . crash to tho ground. Tho wholo of thd guard woro by this time alarmed, and all ; . crowded round tho man and asked in one 'What's the matter, Markham! What has haqpened f 'J have seen my mothor,' gasped tho un'- ' happy man. - ? 'Swi, tho dovill' said tho sergeant. ' And supiraso you have, why did you quit yourpost!1 n as 1 to go into tho Bontry-box while my mother was horef domanded Markham, : shaking from head to foot as if in on aguo fit. '1 tell yon, I couldn't do it— no, not if it wero to savo my life' ' It won't do, Markliam,' said the sergeant. ! Recollect that there aro such things as the ; Articles of War. It won't do to crock your jokes at tho expenso of them.' But Mnrkluim's manner so impressed the ' noted the timo by tho guardroom clock. It was fivcand-twenty minutes to ono, and a memorandum was mado of tho timo. 1 1 am sorry for you, Markham,' said the sergeant, ' but this must bo reported to the officer, and you must tako tho consequences.' ' I don't care what the consequences may bo, or to whom you report mo/ ho replied. . When tho officer arrived ho, of course, de manded an explanation. Markham, who had ny this timo recovered hia Bolf-composnre, then gavo tho following account of his ad venture — ' You know where my post was,' ho said, ' on tho platform of Number Five battery, . which overlooks tho sea. Tho sentry whom I relieved reported 'All well.' Over the surface of tho Channel, as far as my oyes could reach, not a thing was moving. The noises from tho town grow ovcry moment . -- less and less, and at last thoy dieu away, bo that when tho clocks struck twelve there was not a sound excopt tho roar of the sea. I havu often dono duty on that post before, but never have I felt tho silence as I did to-night. I was thoroughly depressed by tho stillness and loneliness around me.' And . then I fell a-thinking. I thought of my past life, and I know that it had not beon all it ought to havo been. I thought of my mothor, and I remembered how bIio used to weep over my father's loose life— and it was a very looso lifo — and how nlio used to pray that I might turn out a better man than ha was. Poor mothor I I stood besido the gun, and wept liko a baby as I thought of her, and of what sho would think of mo now.. After a time tho fcoling wore off, and I laughed at myself for giving way to silly scntiinont alism. I faced about and walked to tho end of my beat, and then, feeling tired, made for the Bcntry-box. Siriydumaynotboliovo mo, but as there is a heaven abovo us, there at tho box stood mv mother. Sho was palo, ?'? and looked at mo with an qxprossion of sorrow ; that out mo to the heart. I was gluod to the Bpdt. I could not move; '. I heanl her' voice. Sho naiil, ' This day twelve months wo shall meet again.' The words smote mo; and I, who was novor frightened boforo, quaked with fear— fear of what I know not. I tried , to speak, but couldn't.' At length I fdiind feeling 'return to my logs; and I bolted.' Boliovo mo as you like, evory word . I : have said, sir, is truo.' . : ... . . . 'You have told .a strango story, Mam ham,' said thd officer, ' to account for your commission of a scrions military offence. But I will do thiB much for you: Aprisonoryou ? must bo, and a report must be sont . in to morrpw.tp the colonol j but ho shall bo told your tale, arid as you have been a' good soldier 1 will bog his leniency for you. 'You are a nativo of Towkctbury, you say. Does your mothor live thoro*' . ; ,' ,..,?? 'I havo every reason to supjposo bo, answered Markham. '-''It-is years- since I have Been her or written to her.'1 ' : ' :' ?'?: 'Very : well,' .'?-, said the: officer, 'your rnn^n. nt.nl! Kn vrri ftnn fn * And ' VOnr fate will ddpend on the answer.' .' Markham was kepta-'prisoridr that night, ' and was reported next morning. Twoletters- ' ?woro drapatclod by tho colonol, one1 to: Mariham's ( mother, , arid another .? to tho , .pfergyinan of the parish in' TViioh/showas '..'? supponed to 'resfdo; 'In' 'due' 'course there ! . camo mck answora to'ootn Jottora. uno ? itraain, the hihdwTftingotMarkham'a father* '. j;i /. , stated that; ho .had received an' intimation ' the very morning when thVcblbneVB letter^ '' reached '( him' . that ? the rwdman' ! ' conoorning. ; i ' iwhom the inquiries had been made was''to-\ .'' wjburiod nextiday.ii Markham,. senior, in ds letter Btated that his wife had died at *,.- lalfipast .twelve' ph 'the nlgh't'of- Jariilary'1 . l«h. ; - The'news iriade 'so nluch' Imriression '-?''?' on;tho colonol that Markham waa'rolcaaod.1 :? Timo rolled on until a year had, gone, and;,/ ? larkham'o'rogirapnt was at Ashford.. When ' ' January' 14th came-rpundr'aga'Iri:;Mdrknain' s'oemdcVas.'healthyias'ever.' iJSe ^ hadL'gonei .:.:' through a hard fatiguo duty in the day, .and :,f whenTbedtimo camo. ho gladly tumbled in^, saying ; a1 cheery ' .Gooil-'nish't' tb;hi8 ebm- ' rados. ?-Thati'was.atten'o'clodk'.- 'Some two;.. j houreiandahalfaltenvardsjonoof the menij, ;-.- ' . of Marklmm'a company, whp had had^leaye' :., ' to^ lato, camo in, and.was'a bit .noisy;'''1. Some of the men woke ' up; 'arid MaVkham'B -' voico. was .'heard saying,: 'I'i am coinings :\n- mother.' It was 12.80 on the 14th January., :'; Markham was found dead in his bed the next . morning,1 with'a pcacoful, 'happy look ' in his face.. \ !-ii i.-.'-' ?..!'1'v.|'!.'i I'--' '?'?: '?'!:'.:?' 'i-! 