Trance Interments. TRUE TA.L5S OF PERSONS BEING BURIED ALIVE. By Ji.h'iiast Smk.vton. ? Buriecl Alive I ' — the vnry idea makes a cold shiver run through you. And yet I have had a coffin oponed bofore my oyes, and seon ? the most incontestable proof that when that shell had boen committed to the en-th it contained the body of a man still living, 'who must afterwards have regained, consciousness, only to suffer one of the most awful of all deaths. Many parsons whom I know have loft instructions in tho hands of those near and dear to them, that even after all doubt of dissolution having roally occureil has been sot at rest, their heart is to ba pierced with a very fine stoel noodle. So great is the horror they entortain of being interred, while still aniinato, that they profor the chance of death through the thrust of the needle to the horror of returning to consciousness and dying of suffocation in the tomb. Dr. Dibdin rehtes that Francis Dounce, the antiqu try, requested in his will that Sir Anthony Carlisle, the surgeon, should sever his head from his body or take out his heart to pre vent tho return or vitality ; ana ins so-residuary legatee, Mr. Kerrick, also requested the same operation to bo performed to him when dead, in the presence of his son. Dr. Paris tells us that the daughter of Henry Laurens, the first President of the American Congress, when an infant, was laid but a3 dead in her coffin. On the mording of her funeral the window of the room was thrown up for. purposes of ventilation, when the child revived. Three hours more and she would have been buried. Mrs. Godfrey, Mistress of the Jewel Office and sister of the great Duke of Marlborough, lay in a death-like state for a week. All her friends and her medical attendants declared her to be dead. Her husband, however, refused to allow her to be buried until' the fu'st signs of mortification appeared. At last ho gave his consent, and she was about to ba carried1 to the tomb. The coffin was being screwed down, when Colonel Godfrey thought he saw a tremor in the eyelid. Ho told tho undertaker's men to pause. They did so. Again the moveuient took place, and was noted by all, '.? Medical aid was summoned, a vion was opened, and the seemingly dead woman revived to live some twenty-five years thereafter. The risk is not so great in a cold country, like Britain, where the dead are, kept unburied some little time. But in tropical and semi- tropical climates snch as those I have lived in, whore 'on more than one occasion I have wished a man 'good moruiug ' at 9 a. m., and attended his funeral that same evonins' at six. the dangers are 'infinitely greater. Many of the facts in the' fellowing* 'papers are based on tho evidence of those who have themselvos narrowly escaped the awful fate. In one case, the family of an unfortunate man who died suddenly had an occasion to exbunw the body under special permission from the Home Secofcary so as to obtain some deeds which surreptitiously and 'froth motives of revenge on the part of an old butler whose iegacywas less than he thought he had a right to expect, had been slipped into the coffin with the body. To their horror the rel atives found unmistakable proof that the ' last scene of all ' had taken place after interment instead of before. These cases I shall lay before tho reader, who porhaps may arrive at tho conclusion that bobween being burned alive by cremation and buried alive by interment there is not much to. chose. The facts, however, I how submit are absolutely authentic, und as far as I can effect, winnowed from all accretions in the shape ot ? added details.' , The old man stood the ordeal of the obsequies well. Nay, as after evonfcs showed, he was even moro alive to what was going on around him than his friends. When the village car penter, John Carr, and his mou camo to screw up the coffin about an hour before tho ceremony, as thoy were standing around, Mr. Erskino suddenly said, 'Did you see anything like a quiver in the lips of Mrs. Erskine, John ?' They all denied having boon able to traco anything of tho kind. But for ten minutes they watched fcho faco carefully. Not a movement was to be detected of any kind whatsoever. Tho looking-glaas was held over hor mouth, but untivuilingly. At length, very reluctantly, the order was given to nail up tho coffin. It chanced that tho village carpenter was also tho sexton. When taking the mensuro monts for tho collin, he observed the valuable jewels on tho person of tho dead. On asking if ho should remove theso and on being told to loavo thorn as thoy wore, a hideous plan of 'grave violation' began to take shiipo in his mind. Ho could not enter into snub subtle feelings ivs those chorished by tho old Covenantor. All his ideas were summed up in tho words, ' It's a shame to lot till that jewellery bo lost.' His measures wore soon 'taken. As sexton ho could manago tho iulorincub in his own way. Therefore, while thu pooplo wero migaged in .soothin.',' the anguish of the widowed husband, after the coflin had liuun letdown into tho earth, ho throw in the uurth very lightly, niatle but a pretence of buiiliiii; it down, saying ho would have it to turn up at some othor tiino, wiiou the soil would not bo so damp and heavy. Tho ceremony was over. I'lio good old man returned to his house heavy at heart. He sat ovor thu (ire in his study sadly rPciUing tho incidents of that all too short married lil'o. As tho night wore on and tho hours flittud hy, he sent tho 'damsels.' as thii domestics! J woro usually called, 'to bod, while he 1 tarried in meditation for a little longer season. ' Tho two maids had bin i in bed for somo Jtiuio, midnight It id just struck, tho tonos of tho clock lingering in silence a3 though reluctant to die away. Not a sound broke tho prevailing stillness. Suddenly through tho house there sounded clear and distinct, so that all could hoar, a series of knocks on tho front door. Tho minister sat spellbound. ' Did I. not known sho woro dead and buried, I would say that was my dear wife's knock.' ho murmured. ' Yea, truly it must be her spirit — porad venture hor ghost,' and so the old man sat whero he was, only taking the pro caution in case evil spirits whore at work, to commend himsolE moautime to the protection of Heaven. But again tho knock rang through tho house, this time with increased omphasis, as though the party seeking admission were growing impatient. Mr Erskino was just about to go to tho door, Biblo in hand, and confront the spirits, whithersoever thoy might havo come, when ho heard the elder of tho two domestics, Kirsty Brown by name, proceeding down to tho passage towards the front door. Ho hoard her ask who was there, but tho roply seemed only a feeble groan. At length Kirstv ODened the door, and im mediately afterwards uttored a shrill skriek, for there standing on tho thres hold was tho form of her mistress clothed in the cerements of the tomb Kirsty faintod away from sheer fright as soon as she saw tho figure entering tho house. Mr Erskine hurried from his sturdy, and advancing to' meet the supposed- spectre he pronounced the usual form of adjuration and exorcism which all the clergy of that day wero expected to know — ' In tho name of the Fathor and of tho Son and of tho Holy Ghost— One in Three, and Three in One — Amen. I adjure thoo to tell me \yhy, 0 restless spirit, thou has left thine appointed place and hast appeared once more among the haunts. of men.' But he only got this length in his appeal, when he -was interrupted by a pitiful cry from the supposed ghost— 'Oh, Henry, I am no ghost, I am Marion, .your wife, and lam dying of cold.' ?; For an instant the old man could scarcely realise the joy that; had como back to his life. He seemed in doubt until he saw his wife slip past him; and dart towards the fire in his study. Thou he. rocpvereJ himself, and rushad to her assistance '.The domestics— for. Kirsty was not long in recovering from her shock — brought hot brandy and water, also warm blankets, and bofore long prepared a bed for their mistress so miraculously restored to them. As soon as had partaken of meat and drink and was surrounded in bed with hot bricks and hot water bottles, vitality gradually returned to every part of Her frame, and she was able to relate the following marvellous story : ?'.,.? She said she had been conscious all through, even when those around her supposed hor to be dead. She had tried to attract their attention, and to convey to them tho informatioa that she was not yet a corpse. _But every; faculty seemed paralysed. She could ; not even move her eyes far less her lips. Her anguish increased as the time drew near for the internment. When John Carr came to place her in the coffin, and to close it up, she thought she would have died in reality with 'the horror oE tho idea. Sho tried again and again when she saw her husband was looking at her to move some limb, or even her eye lids, to attract his notice. Once sho did succeed in moving her lips very slightly. This Mr Erskino perceived, but as sho was unable to repeat it, ho thought, of course, that he had been mistaken. Hei1' real saviour was John Carr, the sexton, or rathor the cupidity of John, barr. He made up his mind to steal the jewels from her coffin. He, there fore, put very slight screws into tho lid of it, so that ho might bo able to open it with ease, and secure tho jewellery. In consequence of tho lid not being down a supply of a\r got in, sufficient to keep her from suffocating. When tho collin was placod in tho oarth the precautions which Carr took for raising it with easo wore again tho salvation of Mrs Erskine. llo .had permitted one of tho side pUuks to remain in the gruvo, its presonco being unporeoivod in tho gathering darkno.ss.-i of tho afternoon ; while any who notod the sexton's ongorness to hurry over tho final part of tho obsequies, put it down to a kindly desire on his part to savo tho old man as much pain as possible. Especially was his thoughtfulness commended when ho stated that ho would smooth and trim tho surfaco ot tho gravo afterwards, and proceeded to spread tho sod upon it as a signal that all over. Mrs Krskino in her stntomont (which is still extant) declared that sho know tho soxton intended to rob her ot hor jowellory, becauso in the room before tho funonil, when ho imagined no onu was looking ho tried hor rinsf to see it it would'conio off easily ; whilo ho also fingoroil tho bracoloid which worn placed in tho collin, to sou if limy woro real. Sho, therefore, felt a hopo that porhaps sho might ho uhlu toiutaut Uio soxton's attention when Ins camo to ' violato tho repose of the ilu.-id.1 Never did mortal look forward to any plcasiiro with tho samo eagornu.ss as did Mrs Erskino to being robbed of ho jowellory. As cbo states, sho lay in hor st;tto of trance with all tho souse of lu-arini; strainu I to the uttermost. The s woo test music sho ovor hoard was tho sound of tho Koxton's shovol, as lm work.-il down towards tbo body. At lust she folt tho colliu raised lo tha .surfitco, the lid was prized open, and oncu moro she looked up towards iho iiiyrnid-oyud stats. The first prize the su.uuu strove. ? to secure was tho valuable Halcro ring, which was upon the third' finger of Mrs Erskine's right hand. He pulled and tugged to get over tho joint, but without avail. At last, as time was passing, he decided to cut off tho linger, He therefore oponed his clasp knife, and resting tho finger on the edge o£ the coflin commenced to back it off. But no sooner had he cut through the skin and severed nome of tho vions — thus indiicoing bleeding— than vitality seemed to thrill through her wholo system, and she uttered a piorcing cry. . ?' . . John Care was appalled. Ho imagined that tho dead had assuredly come to life to convict him of his crime, and with a yell of horror he rushed from the scene. Mrs Erskiner staunching the bleeding as best she could, extricatod herself from tho coffin and started to walk homeward. The cold was excessive, and sho was only protected from it by the thin grave clothes. Fortunately she mot no one on the way, and as we have seen was able to obtain adinision into her husband's house. Mrs. Erskine lived many years thereafter, both Ebenezer and Ralph being born subsequently. In fact sho survived . hor husband for nearly '20 years, and saw; both her sons ' placed as ministers in tho Ouurch of Scotland. This instance of ' trance interment ' is woll known, and I may be blamed for recording recording an event of which so many seem to be aware. But I record it because it has been told of othor people than Mrs Erskino, In St Giles' Church, Cripplegate, London, there used to be a monument which I visited more than once, that repre sented a woman named Constance Whitney rising up out of her coffin. Tho vorsrer's tradition was that she had boon buried aliyeibut through the cupidity of the sexton in striving to obtain possession ..of a valuable ring which. had been. interred with her, she was restored to life. . - . ? : :; ? I had doubts of; this story, and was: at some pains to : get the matter . in vestigated. The ' result of the re searches was that the scone on the monumental tablet in question: was hot intended to represent a cas'b 'trance interment.' but was a humble sculptor's attempt to portray the Resurrection Day. I am aware the story is related o£ two or three other persons as well as Mrs Erskino; There'' is nothing intrinsically impossible' in the sarnie experience It wing occurred to' different parties, particularly in the, days of body-sn:- tching. But such a contin gency is higly improbable. I believe .that all the'diffarent stories are simply variants of the narrative recorded above. It is established on excellent authority ; the others are based on mere hearsay evidpneo. . 