THEY SAY I That it is about timo a public meeting was callod concerning tho formal oponing of tho new Boll bridgo. That ratopayors aro glad to noto that gravel has boen laid on tho footpath in Poi'oy stroot, past Gisborno-stroot, towards the rivoi'. That drodging operations must havo spoilt tho river for fishing purposes, as anglers aro having a bad timo. That no one should run after his hat when blown off on a windy day, as there may bo bigger fools than ho near at hand. That business is just now at a rather low ebb, but things aro livening up in an ticipation of Christmas. That the construction of the Boll bridgo moant an enormous diversion of traffio and trade. That harvesting is now in full swing throughout the district with promise of good results. That to-night's meoting of tho Council may be a long sitting, as two meetings have to be rolled into one. That Wambool would havo boon a more suitable name than Robertson for this electorate. That tho strong man who is to down Mr. Haynes is still being kept in the dark. That thero will be a plethora of candidates for the local seat at next state eleotions. That the rabbit question is beginning to as sume serious and alarming proportions. That Wellington and district contain the nucleus of a cricket eleven second to none in the west. That the connection of business houses by the proposed telephonic communication will be a real boon. That the present system of removing ac cused persons to and from the lookup is a disgrace. That as an . accused person is assumed by law to be innocent till he is proved guilty, protection should be afforded him from the vulgar gaze when going to trial. That it is about time something was heard from tho Railway League concerning the Wellington-Werris Creek line. That tho ralepayors would like to know what has now become of their ' white elephant ' — the stone-crusher. That aldermen have made the crusher a ' white elephant ' by their refusal to make use of it. That this is enough to bring back to tho scene of his past labors the ghost of ex- Alderman Joe Kerr. That local cricketers should bestir them selves in the matter of securing a decent ground. That it is about time somo member of the Council had the courage to test the question of electing municipal sale yards. That we hear every day of stoekownors and buyers going elsewhere for want of a proper local market. j That the public halls of Wellington are not \- credit to the town. That a man with sufficient enterprize and capital to mako tho venture would ruoro than rccoup interest by erecting a large 1 and suitable building for public meet ings, entertainments, etc. That the dredging industry will probably bo an important adjunct in the future progrosB of Wellington and district. That the Jockey Club will never bo a pros- j perous concern till the club seoureB a ground of its own. 