General items. Great Cesar's Ghost! poor wasted frame, That once full vigour did possess, Can't be a man in else but name, His cough has brought him such distress, That undertaker smiles to think Next winter's cold he'll not endure, Oh ! ne'er say die, but take a drink Of W. K. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. State Pensions for Parsons ? Among the State -pensioned clergy of New South Wales, Dean Cowper, of Sydney, draws the largest sum — £460 n year. Next comes 8. J. A. Sheehy (R. C.) with £300. Five C. E. and R. C. draw £200 each. The maximum for Presbyterians aud We.ley an is £150. In all the C. E. at present draw £2140, the R. C. £1150, the Fresby terian £552, aud the Wesleyan £450. These pensions ars rapidly dying out. In the early days grants of land were given, which went to descendants and are still going down. AUTHENTIC MEDICAL OPINIONS WORTH KNOWING. — Dr. Osborne says: «? I use SANDF.R & SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT as a spray for nasal catarrh, low lever, asthma', etc., will) great success. I find Its preparation superior to all others.' Dr. Shtal : ' I have used various preparations of. Eucalyptus, but I get better results from Sander & sons' eucalypti ex tract than from any olbcr.' Ur. Preston : 'I never use any Eucalyptus prepztalion other than SANDER & SONS', as I found the others to be almost useless.' Dr. Hart : 'It eoes without saying that SANDER & SON'S EUCALYPTI EXTRACT is the best in the market.' In influenza, all fevers, throat and lung trouble, diphtheria, diarrhoea, dysentery, kidney complaints, rheumatism, wounds, sprains, ulcers, etc., it is invaluable. See that you get SANDER & ;SONS', and reject spurious preparations, which are sometimes supplied by unscrupulous dealers. The mules used by our mountain batteries usually cost about £30 each They are, of course fine animals, the majority of tbera having come from Persia, Afghanistan and Italy. The average load for each mule is about 4001b. In all probability a fresh attempt at mediation in the Transvaal War will | be made by a Court of Arbitration I made up of nine Powers. It iB believed I that Holland will take the initiative. [ backed up by the other eight leading Powers, 