CHILDREN'S LEAGUE OF THE GROSS. —^r ? ANNUAL DEMONSTRATION. Address By The Cardinal. Thb members of the Children's League of the Cross turned out in thousands last Sunday after noon to participate in the annual renewal of pledges of their organization at St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney. Three o'clock was the hour announce! for. the ceremonies to begin. By that time the entire, organization had arrived at St. Mary's Cathedral, Ab a Catholic demonstration the pro cession on Sunday last was a remarkable success. onortiy alter two o clock trams begans to arrive from all parts, bringing crowds of visitors to wit ness the procession, and at three o'clock College street, in front of 8t Mary's, was quite impassable. The weather was ideal. Indeed, never since the great annual deinonstration of the Children's League of the Cross ?.' was inaugurated some years ago, has it been held under more happier auspices, or in better climatic condi tions, The cloudy sky and drizzling rain of Saturday were happily absent, and everyone en joyed and appreciated the delightful weather to the full. ^ It is seldom that the boundaries of St. Mary's held so many people as were en closed within them on Sunday afternoon, whilst crowds of respectful sightseers lined 'the ^route of the procession. The girls were njustered in the Cardinal's Hall, and the boys formed into line at the Marist Brothers' Schools. Everything having been arranged in order, the Juvenile Temperance Crusaders formed themselves into ranks, the girls of St. Mary's leading the pro cession, which moved round the cathedral grounds to the strains of the Hibernian Band. The whole scene can be truly described as a magnificent one. .The rich colours of the banners, the neat and modest attire of the Children of Mary and the school children, all blended to form a pretty pano rama. The Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran's estimate of the numbers present was 6000, but some idea may be gained of the length of the ranks when we add that the processionists were some fifty minutes in passing one point of vantage. Having completed the circuit of the cathedral, the procession entered the presbytery grounds, and here the Cardinal, who was surrounded by several dignitaries, re viewed the regiment. What most struck the observer, after having marvelled at the magnificence of the procession, was the striking evenness of the dieplty. It would be an extremely difficult task to 'discriminate between the merits of the different schools which took part in the procession. Each year something exceptional is attempted in the way of effect by the leading schools. Several new banners were noticeable, providing one of the principal features of attraction in the procession, and their extreme beauty made them the cynosure of all eyes. The schools represented were St. Mary's, Annan dale, Balmain East, Balmain West, Camperdown, St. Patrick's, St. Michael's, Sacred Heart, Forest Ledge), St. Benedict's, Golden Grove, St. Francis' (Haymarket), Leichhardt, Maedonaljjtown, Mar rickville, Mount Carmel, Newtriwn, North Sydney, Paddington, Pyrmont, Redfern, Surfy Hills, St. Charles' (Waverley), Willoughby, &e;» None .but members of the League were permitted to enter the cathedral, and then it was found difficult to accommodate the large assemblage. As the resiment marched ud the aisles RQler-tinnn were played on the r organ by Mr. J. A. Delany. In the Banctuary besides hia Eminence were the Ynj Rev. Dr. O'Haran, the Very Dr. Carroll, V.G., the Very Rev. Dean Healy (Bal main), the Very Rev. Dean Slattery (Newtown),,the Very Rev. Vincent Grogan, C.P. (Marrickville), Rev. Fr. Briody (Golden Grove), Rev, Father Col lins (Mount Carmel), Rev. Father Rohan (Annan dale), Very Rev. Father Le Aennetel (St. Pat rick's), Rev. Father LawleriO.F.M. (Paddington), Rev. Father Hogan (ForeBt Lodge), Rev. Father Whyte (Diocesan Inspector of Schools), Rev. Father O'Reilly (Leichhardt), Rev. Oliver Daly, S.J. (North Sydney), Rev. Father O'Drjacoll (Balmain East), Father Barry and Father Kelly (Cathedral). .? TUB n*onnr«Tia a T»Tvn-Dcia ?'?' His Eminence the Cardinal congratulated the children upon the success which attended their beautiful demonstration. The procession had been admirable in its order, and was well fitted to effect ka sacred purpose, namely, that the children should proclaim themselves true Soldiers of . the Cross and true Crusaders of Holy Temperance. , It was a grand and noble cause in which they were enrolled : in fact he knew nf nn cause more perfect than that which sustained them in waging war against the terrible vice of intemper ance. And there were many things connected with this subject upon which he might dwell, the terrible ruin which intemperance brought to men of the brightest talent and genius, and the evils it wrought even among the best of families, in which peace, prosperity and abundance should abound. But once this fell monBter had taken hold, peace and happiness disappeared from the home, and in its stead there was nothing but, discord and dis union and unhappiness of the worst description. Intemperance laid the axe at the root of our holy religion and was the deadly enemy which combated ?gainst holy faith. What was religion ? It incul cated love of Our Divine Savicur. It was impos sible for anyone to possess a spark of Christian Faith if he refused to love Him who loves us with eternal love in making us Hia own adopted chil dren. Among all the varied creatures here below man was chosen to be the adopted child of Almighty God, who watches over us from day to day, bestowing the choicest blessings of His mercy and lore upon us. Temperance prepared our hearts for... the love of Our Divine Saviour, and 'quickened the mind to receive the lessons of Divine y Wisdom which Our Saviour teaches. In the Book of Ecclesiastes it was said; that temperance wan the guard of wisdom. It keeps a watch over the mind. On the other hand, the vice ?of inteoiper^noQ clouds: the vmind against knowledge, and clots the heart, extinguishes love tor 'Him who 'Suffered for our Redemption ; in short, laying the . -axe at the very root and source add substance of our holy religion. The Chureh preaches constantly against this vice, and holds out the menace of the great Apostle, St. Paul, ' Drunkards shall not enter the Kingdom of Heaven.' Take the drunkard ! The Holy Ghost could not occupy the ?™'of the intemperate man. It was not the spirit of God but the spirit of evil that dwelt there. On the other hand, the just man was like a tree planted by a running stream. He brings forth fruit and flowers and good workB and Holy Scripture tells us that thiB tree will be tran-f erred to Paradise, there to produce some of the choicest fruit in abun dance. What are the fruits that the intemperate man will produce? The intemperate man might be endowed with worldly riches, and expend them in workB of beneficence, charity, and religion; and. beautiful as this might appear, they were but dead sea fruit, if not quickened with the true spirit of charity and love of Our Blessed Redeemer. In conclusion, his Eminence exhorted the children to - love Holy Temperance, under whose banner they had enrolled ; to keep alive in their hearts the fire of Our Saviour's love and in their minds the truth of holy f aitb, quicken the ardour of their piety and pre pare tnem for the grand eternal recompense. Be faithful to the cause of temperance Theae processions were held from time to time in order tojreveal to the world the strength of the holy cause of tarn perance, under which the children of Holy Church served Processions we had had in the past, and now that Australia was about to enter a new course as a bright Southern tate, his Eminence trusted that such processions would not only continue from year to year, but every year be multiplied. IgThe disc -urse was followed by the Prayer of Con secration, the children joining in the responses. All then arose and repeated after the Cardinal the following pledge : 'I promise your Eminence and the. Holy League of the Cross to abstain by God's grace from intoxicating drinks until freed by the priest in confession.' Solemn Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament came next. His Eminence the Cardinal officiated, and assisting him were the Rev. Father Cregan, Rev Father O'Gorman and the Rev. Father Fitzpatrick Several hymns were sung, St. Mary's juvenile choir taking the lead. 