A GHOST IN THE FENS. Borne strange phenomena have beea start liagthe diatiict of tbe gteat fen level of Hun tiagdonshire and Osmbridgesbirr. It appesrs that in Tick Fen a Banjaay magbtrato hsa a . farn^ a* the rxtrenity of which, far away from any otfier butldings, live-a housekeeper nsntad . Rowtbaa, hia wifr, and a bed-riddeo daughter. The cottage is a typical tea ibaaty of wood and thatcb, and adjoioiog it ia a utnilar teas m*st acoupied by tbe farm foreman, Leritt aod hia wife. . Miss Kowtban, wbo is 18 years of age. aadbas been confined to her bed far nearly tw*lve months, slept ia a raom osar the thatcb, her bedstead resting against Ibe gable end of ' tbe roof. At twelve o'clock oae night gealte : rappingsagsiast ber bed w»ra beard, aad as tbe - walls are wooden the noise was mtre apparent. At first the soaad came in asquraoea of three aud four increasing to aix and esrea at a time, and groniag louder as they proceeded. Than they ceased for a space, and recom menced mare vigorously, until they were bwrd by tbe next door neighbours— according te one repott, at a fanahause GOO yards off. The mother and father, at rest in the same rooas, were also alarmed,' bat for a time did aotbing, thinking tbe manifestations would cease. These instesd increaaed, until tbe ' ghosts ' became eo aoisy aa to almost threaten a toirifio crash. NotUing waa to be neea, though it waa cleat aad »tatli(tht, aad the disturbaace con tinued no ring oat across the fens. The rap pings occurred at intervals until dawn On the following night, though at a diff-- rtnt time, a repetition ef tbe phenomena oc curred. Meanwkile tbe inmates, who had Buffered the mysteritws affair in silencF, hal dslertainea up»a dncisive actian. Ou the tbird nigbt tbe father, takrag a loaded guu, weat cutaide the building, but the rap pings agaiost the gable were renewed mote vigorously than ever. Starch parties wen organised, but evnvone remained bafflsd. The oouatryside began to talk, aud watch parties assembled ia the cottages until morning, but tbn pulsations cantiaued whilst eyes were fixed on tbe very spot oa wkicb the invisible blswn were riven. The landlord's estate bailiff, togdutsr with a companion, kept vigil in tbe bouse trutn midnight till three, tbe noises being repeated with tbe greatestfieedom. Hundieds of people « bave visited tke place, and solicitors, merchants, and others frem the surrounding district hara made critical txaminalisn *f the h'ousr, bat without being able to give a plauaible reason for tbe mysterious sounds. 