A WILD RIDE: -0 What you say is qite .true sir, thata,.man ,! 'oulht't' to be frightened: at anything;- but i6o 'yu \know, I've got to' think that the f?aivest man of all is the one that'is frightened, and -don't show it,, :You see there ain't many. men. that, are, .what-y.ou'd call"'' brave all-round.'Y se 1 seen.a fellow that would have run any. man through, as. soon as he looked at him, almost jump out of:his: skin: when. he~ trod..d upon a'ýlittle bitl6f'a snake . `I in.a soldieTr;andan, o - Ie got- tFe ;.Kandahar medal as youet Sie, and lone or two other: things. as. well; ind I think I may say. without bragging, :: that :I' not more given, to. be scared than. nmost folks:. ell, !!I myself once got-as bad a fright as ever any nian got yet;, and what's more, it happened not ten miles. from where we are : standing now, and not more than six months,; ago. . Hflw was that 1? says-you. Well, that is just what I am a-going-to tell you. - Our old colonel-I won't. speak ill of. the -poor old chap. for he died:only t'other day hut he')yas one that you'd got to be precious carefuil with,- I can tell you. Wha.latever he had to do, he'd have it done his own way, or he'd send everything flying,, and,=like. agood many-officers, who've been a'.lon·g time out here, he'd. got so used to ordering:the blackfellows about, that at last 'he got to do-it with all that came near him black, or- white. 0.61. Hedley his name was, but, from, his, slap-dash way,!we:ssed to call him ' Colonel Headlong.' .Well sir; you've been up the Bolan Pass. so of course .you know.: that little branch line that they're making front Sihi to-Pir. Dhowki at the mouth of- the pass. to help carry, stores pd-troops up.and down. Yes, to be.snre, 1 -7' remember you- were saying that you'd been at the. opening of a Ibridge on it just the other day. was a. Sort of make'shift across the channel of thc. river";- and as for the,.line ite.elf, thoughit was?'t; regularly ' opened ' (and i u't yet, for jthat niatter)it could carry: a train at a pinch all thi eeit teen miles: wherever there were. a fenicom ?inis of -soldiers or a few- waggon loaids of to'es that i'anted to-be sentsalong -in Niiu that whe'w e' came-" do'? from, Quenoi tia; i ?ur months ago, with the old:colonel at ?our head theil':enfine:driveeron thi Pir Chowki line as: aFrelnchmn'an whose name was ..Peter Tionchet. :::'He wasquitfe ashigh-handed. a fellow, in his wvav as oiorcolonel himself, and -when he did g.etin iatantraum, cart ropes. wouldn't hold himt. Theysay he'd lost his last'berth all along of 'wanting to fight a duel with the superinten. dent; but I don't know how. that would have been; though it is just the sort: of. thing, he would do, too; `Well of course, we all knew, though we little dreamed . what was to come: of it, that when two such peppery ones- as the colonel and this IFrenchmen met, there was bound to be a prettygood row, and- so it turned, out, sure' enoughi: W. When we got down ' to- the railway, at Pir. -lChowki,: where a.special train.was waiting- to take.us on.to.Sibi,_.the old. colonel was as cross as.twoi aiicks: ' " He'd had:a godld sharp twinge of gout, for one thing, and riding over that great plain from the mouth ofx the pass . to Pir Chowki did not sweeten :his Itemppr much, splashing fhrough rivers, and stumbling: ampng big 1stones every minute:; \- -. Then again, the enginie driver:had been out in the sun all morning, and you know how snappish that makes a man here. So, when Ool. Hedley caume hollering- niutd bullying along and commenced to rough him upjthe Frenchman faced about, and answered lii: back quite saucily. SYou should have seen:the - old: colonel's face.-. It turned hasred as his coat, and for a mnoment I almost thoughtl hel'd. got. into . a Then;ho : jumped forward and shook his fistn'i the.Frenchman's, eyes,: and roared TI'l pint you under arrest G- o ytoour works willyou fi. And,` mind," no. nonSense about. coaplins b:eing loose :and wheels shaky as an excuse for stopping.half way. If you halt so muich as a second between this and Sibi IIil biei;eak eveiy bone in your dirty French I:: Was s:atidizig close to the colonel as he spokei S.The .trenchman's :face hardened all at once 'like' melted leadwhen you :throw it'into cold -water.: Tbehn he said, very,: quietty, but'just 8 if he was biting every word short off- 'V eree good, Mlonsieur le Colonel:; youo! s?halAbe satisfied.', A::nAd aiway lia went to ;his :engine without anotherwVord. th - : k Bit there was.the-wickedest. look in his. eyesthlt I ever sawv.:i is -:It made me feel queer.just for a i?noment, althougi:I hadn't the ghost of an .idea (as idddho\V could I I1) of.what he was really. ll;sir, : e all got and began to make Weexpacted to be a couple of hours on. the iroadfor it was over 18 miles to Sibi, iand:te line 'einigonlya: miakeshift one then 1lr0e, a;s a notice up orbidding any drivet. to run his-train more than ten miles as hour. The train backed a bit to. get a. fair, start,. and away ve went. SI don't think any of us noticed. anything. out=of the way-L didn't, at any. rate--for the first mile or two. All at once my. rear-rank man,- Bob Bar. ton, sings out - ' Well, if this ain't mote than ten miles an. hour, 1' in Dutchnuai.' H l had hardly spoken -wheni the train, garve a lurch that shook us all together like. apples in a bag, and then another toward the other side, and then-talk of fling i Fling .was no'hing to it, It was more like being fired out of a, gun. The very air seemed to whiz past-us. All at once we h?ard the.colonel yell out. from his window ' Slacken speed, you rascal. Do you want, to kill us all 'l The Frenchman answered only -with ai: horrid, screaming laugh. Now we begaa:to. get scared in earnest, for we took, in the whole thing. for. the first. Ltime. There we were, running more than a mile. a: minute over an unsafe line with all our lives at theinercy of a man who was nearly ase mad.as.he could be. he- fli-rst lbridge was already,.insight, and4' Iteifsllowsworki;soigeikitt-a.rat ered. ever .... way when they. heard us. come,- -screeching; like anything. I= heard the bridge crack as: wte flew. over it and felt it give. How. we. ever escaped: I can't. think: yet. ' Boys !' cried Bob Barton, springing up, ' I won't sit still and let that lubbher. murder :us all. It's. his life or ours now.. Hers. goes.' He made for the door as he spoke, and; would have-been out on the footboard in another moment, when we clatched him and. dragged hint back, With the pace we were going, and the way: the train rocked, it would have been certain, death to try it. Over the second bridge we-shot like light-_ ning, and went flying round the last curve to. Sibi. Just then I. saw. something that brought:: my heart into muy mouth-a stone lying or., the line ahead of us, big enough to wreck the. whole train. Then I thought all was over. I just muttered, ' God have mercy on us !' and shut ay- eyes. But [ opened them again next moment in, time to see the stone (tipped over, I fincyi, by the shaking of the rails, which were_. rather looise at the spot) roll off just as we.. came up t..iti Presently after that; Icaught- a glimpse of? a platform covered with people shouting and; runtiin gr.utlut. Then e beg?.n to slacken speed, and at last stopped .!together. Then I drew as long a breath as. if I'd just come up from the bottom of the sea. We'd run halif t mile past the. Sihi station, before we could pull up, and 1:heard afterwards that. 'we did the eig!hteen miles in ten, ,itnutes.. When the colonel got out it:made.me fairlyp start to lodok:t.hin. . - H: Ltottered so -he-i-iio 1di-o n-6 7, his face was all drawn..and.pinchd.kel like that of a corpse;. Idon't thiik- it: was. altogether his. own, dang er th'at upset him so (although I'm sure it .well miglt), hut the thought that one hasty word of-Jis .had nearly cost the lives.of all the men under his-charge was enough to give any Sman a turn. As for Master Frenchman, he got off-and Sbolted the minhte the train stopped. It was lucky for himn he did, for hlie wouldn't : have been very safe among us just then;. iand the colonel, on coming to himself a bit,. vowed to a?g him if it cost him ten thousand rup es. But it couldn't be proved that he meant to. upset the train (as.l don'tsuppos, he did, indeed),sothat all they could do was to give_ him two month's imprisonment for exceeding. the fixedrate of speed. But of course, he had to leave the country - azndI was not sorry for one; for, rather than he oh the train with him again, I would tramp all the way from here to. Cal cutta. A .wealthy man was.once exhibiting proudly, - to a younger acquaintauce a table which hle. had bought. He said that. it was five hundred :years.; 'That is- nothiug,' remarked his young. visitor. 'I have in my possession a table. whichis more. than three thousand years. Sold.' 'Three thousand,.years old !' said the host. 'That is, impossible. Where was it= Smade?' i 'Probably in India.' n In India !: What sort of table is. ':The.multiplication table,.. SPapa- ?By-the-way who.is the lady that. boi4:wed tou;r~e- let tbe carriage :I . - -Dorothy---i" The one with the. bla.ck ~i?'-I skiit, tie rose petticoat, plaid .silk waist, purple collarette with silver clasp, tan coat, Sblack hat with purple.. tips, ca'rying a, silver-. trimmed card case. Papa-' Yes.' SDorothy-'Idon't know.J I justcaught a, Sglimpse of her. Mrs Banks-Why did you let your. cook go? Mrs Brooks--She said one of us would have to leave. 1 Edna-Why do you wear gloves playing Spoker ? Edith-Because Jack told me never to, show my hand. A A-sn't Smalealley a lecturer SB----He was, before marriage. A --ud now SB-l-Hek.the audience, - rninglhiru bride has selected bo0~r. leg, urniture to uatch her husbano. Printed and published by the proprietor,Thomat SHnt, at. the office, Sydney-street, Kilmore. 2 County of DalhQusie, Cclouy of Victo?l?. 