THE ANCLICAN SYNOD. - THIRD DAY. THE QUESTION OF CONFESSION. HOBART, Wednesday. — The Synod of the dioceBe of Tasmania continued the annual session to-day, the Bishop taking the chair at 2'30 p.m. In reply to questions, the BiBhop said the rules cf the Byhod had been duly enforced in reference to the filling of vacancies in cureB ; alBo, that the matter in dispute between Mr De Hoghton and the Rev. S. H. HngheB, of Brighton, was sub jadice. In reply to Archdeacon Whitington, Mr de Hoghton eaid it was his intention to nroceed with the following l-PunlnHnn 'That the Synod learns with regret that I the practice of seeking to induce auricular ' confession exists in this diocese, and ex presses its decided opinion that such iB oppoBed to the true teaching of the Church of England in this diocese, and declares such a practice is most reprehensible.' Arch .eacon Whitington said under thoBe circumstances he desired to say that the notice of motion could not be put to the House, because it waB in contravention of the constitution, and at variance with the prayer book. (Applause.) He contended : that the word 'habitual' might be very i well deleted, and the word ' enforced' Bub- j stitnted. (Applause). ! Mr De Hoghton said he would accept the j suggestion, and the amendment was agreeu ' to. Mr De Hoghton Baid he was in a position to Bay that the Dean of Hobart was in the habit of taking candidates for confirmation privately, and healing their confeBBion. The Dean said he denied most abolutely j that he had ever done anything of the 1 kind. - i Bev. R, K. Collif son said his daughter had 1 been prepared for confirmation by the Dean ! and he had very carefully questioned her aB to the nature of the examination to which the waB subjected, the reeultof which com pletely bore out what had keen said on the subject. At this stage a heated and irregular dis cussion ensued, which resulted in Mr De Hoghton withdrawing some words used in the proceedings. Mr De Hoghton read a letter from Arch deacon Hales Bnpportjng the position he had taken up. He (Mr De Hoghton) quoted at some length from authorities in oppoBition 1 to the matter of auricular confession, giving in particular the viewB of the Archdeacon of Canterbury. i Dean Kite denied that he had compelled any candidate for confirmation to submit to ; enforced confession. All that he had done | waB to comply with the Book of Common j Prayer. I Mr Bernard Shaw pointed out that what ' Mr De Hoghton said was that the Dean of Hobart waB in the habit of taking young people into his room and receiving their confeBBion, to which there had been no deniaL The Dean, in reply, said he was as good a churchman as any present, and drew a dis tinction between the confessions made ia the Church of England and the Roman Catholic Church. Bev. J. B. Woollnough said in several in BtanceB he had been approached by persons who had expressed their desire to make a confewion. Mr W. J. M'WilliamB, in a lengthy speech, denouncd the introduction of auricular confession, and suggested the ap- . pointment of a committee, consisting of the 1 clergy and laity, to take isvidence and re- j port to the next Synod, Bev. J. H. Corvan said he considered that 1 the class who found it necessary to confebB I to clergymen waa very limited indeed. He i contended that the duty of the Church of i England in this matter was liberty. He : believed in liberty, but not in Kruger's idea : of freedom. Canon Finnis quoted from a three-quarters of an hour's speech delivered by the Arch biBhop of Canterbury before the Houbb of Lords on the question. He repudiated the idea that any Church of England clergyman professed to be able to forgive sins. Bev. J. A. Priestly suggested that speeches should be restricted to the word 'in- ducing.' Mr B. J. LncaB defended the dean from the charges made against him. Mr Bernard Shaw rose to a point of order, and asked for an explanation. Mr De Hoghton, at the request of the Bishop, repeated his charge, which was that the dean, when preparing candidates for confirmation, waB in the habit of taking him or her, aB th? case might be, into a private room and teaching them that it waB their duty to confess to him. (Confusion.) The Dean denied that he was in the habit of doing that of which he had been accused of doing. The BiBhop complimented the dean on having answered so many queBtions as he had done on the spur of the moment. Bev. B. Bucknell, Bpeaking for himself anH nf-VlPr rlnr^^ AartiaA fri.-*. *1 ? ? each a system existing in the diocese aB 11 enforcement' of auricular confession. He held that the Synod could not pasB the resolution, and moved as an amendment, ' That this Synod, when it hears on unques tionable authority that the practica of enforcing private auricular confession exists in this diocese, will be ready to expreBB its decided opinion that such enforcement is entirely opposed to the teaching of the Church of England.' Bev. O. Vaughan denied that there were father confeBaors in the aenBe intended to be implied m connection with the Church of England in Tasmania. Rev. J. K. Wilmer seconded 'the amend ment. The Bishop then quoted the Bishop cf Winchester on auricular confession, inter alia, ' He would inevitably conclude that at the Reformation the whole idea of private or auricular confession had been repudiated and the thing extirpated for ever from the Ohurch of England. It may happen at times to have some Bpecial difficulty or crisis Ln life, or at the approach of death. It may happen at Buch a time onB needs our helps, and among them the help that can be given by the minister of Christ accredited to assure one of the Lord's pardon of re pented sin.' The Bishop then said, 'Private confession and absolution remain a power and force in the Ohurch as one of the stTongeBt remedies of the spiritual physician. Like all strong remedies it need not ba abused. Like all strong remedieB it need not come at all into the lives of a great many, and in no case can its use with ui be made compulsory. No one must be debarred from the Holy Communion, or from confirmation for not using it. It remains a strong medicine, not a food. This is the position taken up with regard to it by ali clergy in the diocese. No general rule can be laid down. We have to truBt men who are in tremendous earneBt, who see much of the hidden life which is revealed to them by those who trust their spiritual physician. The church has always possessed this medicine for the bouL She wainB ub that on no account is it to be compulsory, or treated, except in very special cases as a food. She restricts its use to those who have had the gift of the Holy Ghost imparted to them for the work of the ministry. For my part, I am confident that the use of this medicine is not abused in thiB dioceBe. The dioceBe may trust me to take action at once if caseB of abuBe come to my knowledge. Dean Kite said it had been painful to him to retain silence during the debate. The motion Bhould not have been brought without first ascertaining whether the practice obtained. The amendment of Rev. 8. Bucknell waB then carried. The HouBe went into committee on the gBtimatea which the treasurer (Mr O. A. J. PieBse) fully explained, showing the esti mated expenditure to be £4750, and the receipts £4701, leaving a deficiency to be raised of £49. The amounts were agreed to. The committee then proceeded to depl with the schedule of clergymen's stipends and allowances, which was agreed to, re ported to the Bynod, and read a first time. The debate waB resumed on the Clergy Widows and OrphanB Fund Act. Several alterations were introduced, the chief of which waB made in clause 11, exempting anmarried clergymen from the operation of the fund at pleasure. Rev. 6. Bucknell caused some amusement I by expressing the hope that no clergyman would leave mor^ than one widow, Progress was reported on clause 11, and tha Bynod at 10 p.m. adjourned until 2-30 to morrow. 