Mysteries =or «ripic. In is,-() a woman's body was dfs ciivert-.i ia a cellar, under the pavement tif a nae mansion in Harley-sireet. The butler of lie family in cleaning on: rhe reliar canie upon a caek. and within that cask tin found the body preserveil in quicklime, which Siad been nsed, no donbt. with the idea M preserving it, but the opposite resnlt- folio wed. Dt'-omp.j-ition had, however, f jne ten far to make recognition possible, anl there was never the jsliglitest clue to the ideiu:iy of the criminal, or of that of tiie ttiardered person. Tii» woman Sad been stabbed to tnehearr. Norhing whatever was elicited in 'ihv hoiiee it self. It haJ.been occupied by tae sjme gentleman, its proprietor, an nulnipea^h ably reepectaule person, for at least twenty years, and he ec-nid . tirow no light whaitver upon the mystery. Even whijre a body has been c-!early iileariried,' and within a saor: space of Lme, ihe soSonon has. not been reached. Let us take some of tiie ltes familiar eases as recorded in ?the criminal his tc-ry of other countries. There was the murder of ' the pretty .cigar girl.' as she was called. Mary Rogers, of New Tork— t!ie foundation, indeed, of Ed^ar Alien PaeVtaaimi? story, 'The Mystery ,of Marie IKogef,' although he placed - -tie sceae'..-*)f '^tht . crime in Paris. Mary., ^igers let' t h«.. uome one evening for' a whlk iB Hobor ten, on the Jersey side Gt the Hudson Hiver, and was never' afterwards s%?n alive. Some days later her body 'was found floating in North fiiver : she ua j been strangled by her own lace fichu. By-and-by the traces of a fierce 'and morta! struggle were foand in a nefgh b-iaring wood, and in due course Several arresss were made, all of men supposed to huve been desperately in love with Mary Rogers. Every one was able, h'Jwever, to establish his innocence, al though one, by named Payn. tubs-;- queiKiy committed suicide near where tht or:me was perpetrated. This mysterious murder agitated the whole of tne United States t-j an extent unparalleled, except by the nrarders of Presidents Lincoln and Garfield. and no .??nrisfaetory clue was ever obtained. Not long ago, at the death of the to bicco merchant who had been Mary lJ-r,'f rs's employer, anc who as years passed had become a very wt- alihy man. ?itrtiin fuecs were (Said to iiave come ?juc vriileh in a ineasari impiieuted him with the crime : bu: ttvse do not ceein io have been more thaii a vague story of hie being haunted iu his deathbed in Paris by the ghost of the murdered girl. Other cases of a similar kind hare occurred in the United Sta:es. There was the murd^.- of Sarah. Cor nell, who was at first thought to have iianged herself, then «a;d to have' been killed by a Metbxsdist minister ; bm hi was acquitted, and zhe deed, - now proved to be one of violence, was al ways a mystery. So was that of the girt fished up from the bottom of Manhattan well, in the days when New York was a small place: but the murderer who had first stran gled, then thrown, iJulie-ma. Sands down the well was never liisodvered.— From 'Cassell's Family Magazine' f-jr April. 