CHAPTER IL The Uuicom, a farmhouse as well a* inn, about a quarter of a mile inland from the angle of the Caldron, is not in th* village, but stands on the high groand Where the roft'l through Weitcnmbe branchea off and becumea two brunches—the left, in a distant and central war, towards Bridgewatcr, and the right to Harocllff, past Hangman'a Hol ler, And it Sfct Vaicwa tfcii area ing that, (be Ult of how the " foreign" nib birh had been handed round the Caldron be came th? public property of AVestcombe. " And 'tis my belief he hasn't the spirit of a b"ii cbickcn, uddeit Ueorgc Halo, in a voice cu'culatcd to reach Annie's ears; iur, (hough she was not in the kitchen, she was no fur ther ufl than (he little room behind the liar, so that she would hear anything bpoketi loud rnongh without suspecting thai she was meant to bear—so profound was the knowledge of her sex possessed by George Hale. " 'Tic my belief nobody ever knew the feel of his Sat, and as (o his talk, 'tis more like n parson's (han a man's. Fancy liini at Sebastopol I Kh?" " 'Tie plain (o fancy he might have ran away," remarked one of the company. " 'Twouid lie warm work there." " Anybody (hat's seen service," said George, wanning to his own work, "Boon gets (o know what a man's made of I've seen a bit of service, and aren't ashamed of owning up to it, too. 'Tisn't every man that was first up die lledan, and saved the col ours with six Russian bayonets at hitn—or may be seven—and liim all alone. Not but what there's others that mightn't have done something like; but they'd have to be other •tuff than that chap, anyhow." " I say a man that did that ought to have been a General!" exclaimed another. "Ob, 'tis all in the day's work, you see, Joe," Baid George, modestly. " Twouldn't do to have an army all Generals; and we got to think nothing of things like that. Bless you, (here was Balaclava." " Ah!" said Joe, with relish; " X wonder you weren't in half a funk, that time." " You've just got to be in no funk at all. There's no maids to lead you by hand against the whole Russian army, and you'd have a poor chance of dodging the shells if you shut your eyes. Why, I've known them swarming round like a cloud of midges 1 Talk of warm work!—why—" " It's good to hear of anything warm, to night," said Richards, Shaking down a Bhower of frozen fog as he entered, " and to see anything at all," he added, after evident ly failing to find what his eyes had been seeking. " What with the snow and the mist one might as well be a mole outside." " There's times, now and again, when eyes are in the way," said George, looking round for the general grin at so happy an allusion to the story of the Caldron. "We was talking of pluck," said one of the party. " Now, to my thinking, there's nothing half so plucky as when a little chap stands up to a big 'un in the ring, and don t give in till he's knocked out of time. That's p'.uck for you—and a fine sight—as I've 'seen, too, with my own eyes." "There's a pluckier thing than that, John," Baid another. " 'Tis driving a steam engine. For I've seen it done." " I'll lay you a pint to a quart, Nelson'd have done it," said yet another. " That's pluck—Nelson I" "And what's your notion, matei" asked George, turning to Richards. " It ought to be worth hearing, ought yours." " My notion of pluck," said Richards calmly, " is what I've done myself this very afternoon. It's to crawl round a cliff in as blue a funk as—as—as—No; nothing was ever half as blue." "Then, as you're all such amazing bold chaps," Baid an old fellow in a smock frock, hitherto silent in the chimney corner, " I'll give any one of you a chance of a pluckier thing than's ever been seen or done. There be'n t a chap here as'll go, this black night and all his lone, to hangman's Hollow. Not one of the lot of you—no." ^ " Why, and what's the matter with Hang man's Hollow f" adlced Richards, " besiae the name?" " Ah, 'tis plain you don't belong to West combe. 'Tis where Dan Jarvis murdered his brotiier for money, and was hanged io chains on the very spot where 'twas done. Ah, and though 'twas in the old times, and you'll see nought of it there on a sunBhiny day, yet of a night, as it might be this, you'll still hear the chains a-rattling and a-creak ing—I've heard 'em myself; and 'twas in my very own father's time, Dan Jarvis's own very self was seen walking round and round his own gallows, months and months alter he'd been hanged. Talk of your steam en gines—a sight that must have been I So what sort of a sight old Dan must be a walkicg now—and what he'd say or do to the one as caught him at it. Ah 1" "Then," said George, seeing a further chance of making his rival look small in Annie's bright eyes, or rather, as things were, sound small in her quiok ears, " then, as we're all agreed aa how Muter Richards here is the pluckiest dare- devil as is to be found of a winter's night, to* Bay nothing of a winter's afternoon, I'll lay any man here glasses round that he, Master Richards, will go this black night, and all alone, to Hang man's Hollow—and'll prove he's been there lair and square." "Done) said Richards himself, with a smile. 'Til take your bet—lor I'll be hanged as high as Master Crook's Dan Jar vis if I- tarn out again, just when I'm get ting warm and snug: not I. You've lost your bet, fair and square. 60—glosses round I" "Gammon 1" cried George. "You don't mean to let me in for backing Jrou like that, and then to back out of it." " But that's what I do mean, you see. I never asked you to back me, and it's not a nigl)t for a dog—let alone—a—" " A—whatf Perhaps you'd like to know what the men of my regiment would think of suc^ a thing?" "I can guess—if they were sensible men." " They were. 80 you do know what they'd have said of a man who bragged of his pluck, and let another man back it, and then wriggled out of it like a—. No: 'tis not, as you Bay, a night for a cur. You're right there." Richards flushed up, and something like a Cn flashed from his eyea. He had never known to give or to provoke a blow 1 but even a coward will turn. However, be fore he had time to answer by word or deed— "Would vou go, George Hale?" said Annie, stepping into sight. " Would you go to Hangman'a Hollow, by night, and all alone V " Of course I would, Miss Annie. I'm not afraid of a dead spook, whoever else may be." " Then I bet you this new sixpence, with a hole in it for luck, you daren't" "Gammon. Yon know I dare. Every body knows I date." "Very well, then," said she, *' if you won't go, I will; but if you like to shut your eyes and hold my hand, you may come too." George had not Richard's incapacity for swearing, so he swore like a man. " Hang your lucky slxpenoe I You shall see if I'm afraid of anything, dead or alive. Will anyone lay me half-a-crown I don't go to— there? And the more half-crowns the better for me." He drained his tumbler and rose. " Come—don't be a fool," said Richards, with his notoriously good temper back again. "We've had more than enough of this nonsense, it see&ns; to me." " Mind your own business," said George, whoso temper had gone by the hoard, " and let me miud mine." "Quite right," said Annie. "Then here 1> the sixpence; and here is a paper of nails. Let it be found nailed through the hole to the'middle of the top rail of the gate—you know where—and it shall be youre. If not, Til keep it till it's won." Somehow the feeling that more than a lucky sixpence was at stake had got into the air; but what or hfiw much more might be in the girl's bead was beyond the lumbering wits of mere men folk to surmise—even if it were not beyond the quickness of her own. " You'll And it there right and tight, Miss Annie," said George, defiantly. " TVauty minutes there, and a minute for the Job, and twenty minutes back again. And if I take another gloss before starting, 'tis not because To a Dutchman, but bacause—well, bwwiM I cfcwifc" — He did take another glass, and he took it Btrujig—stronger than he a'lowed anybody In so*. "hook at the clock, lads—just half after nine. Jf J'm not back by half uftcr (en " " 'Twill be hecauBC you find Dan Jams fijrh merry company," cioakvd old Crook from hits corner. " What a Mght be will be, after ull tbrsn years! Good luck, tad—and I liopo ye won't wanl more than aii penn'orth before yc'vu done." It was not a comfortable form of good speed, but after all, thought George, as be passed from tbe light and warmth of the Unicom into tlie frozen mist outside, what is it but an old wife's bugaboo ? The con tents of several still tumblers were still warn within him. What on earth could that girl mean by sending him—him t—out on such a night, and keeping that fellow Rich ards, confound him, in ^he warmth of her presence and the light of her eyes? Ah!—he had it, though! Of coarse it was to tshow all Westcombe that there waa one wholly brave man in the place, and that man, George Hale : to cap the story of the Caldron; and to allow him, when he claimed the sixpence, to claim a great deal more. All the same, he wished it had not been quite so dark a night; be could scarcely see his own hand when he held it up to warm it with his breath. He might just as well not have been too proud to carry a lantern, if only to see his fingers; and he might just as well have taken one tumbler more, just to—just to keep out the cold. Hark—what was that? Tooh—onljr an owl. After all, it was a fool's trick of Annie's. - Couldn't she have let well alone? And then that old Crook) with bis creepy talk. It wasn't the right sort of talk at all for a man who was about to do what everybody allowed to be the bravest thing ever done. For, after all, there might be such things as ghosts. There certainly bad been that murder—and—he began to whistle. But he could not manage a tune. Perhaps his lips wero too cold. He was now at the inner angle of the Caldron—that is to say very near indeed to the wooded coombe known sb Hangman's Hollow. And, though it must certainly have been fancy when all was so dark, the mist seemed to be thicker and blacker, just where he knew he would presently have to stand, all alone, Jong enough to hammer a tin tack into a rail. And this with untrembling fin gers, or the sixpence might drop and be loBt, • and with it the proof of his vaJour. " Of course it will drop," thought he, " a little thing like that. Why didn't I bring a lantern? No"—he was very near the Hol low by; now-"-" no, 'twould be a fool's trick of tn< own to,chance that! Not ft soul would ever believe I'd really been/* He found hinpelf perspiring at the thought, and the moisture turned chill as a sound unmistakably like the rattling of chains reached his ears. Of course there were no chains; there had been no gallowB since long before his time. But if there may be ghosts of murderers, why may there not be ghoBts of their gibbets and ghosts of their chains? " I'll-—I'll not risk—dropping that six pence into the moss, or maybe into a chink of rock where it'll never be found. There's too much hongs on this"—his own thought startled him. " Hangs 1" It was an ugly word, just then and there. For surely lie did'hear a sound, faint and phantomdike, it is true—but therefore all the worse to hear. "After all, I think I'd best go straight home. When I don't turn up at tbe Uni corn, she'll have a bit of a scare 1 I can be at the Hollow again as «oon as ever it's daylight, and nail up the sixpence safe and soun£ Not a soul else will be about—and I should really have been there to-night, for I'm as good as there now; and Ha!" Had he been a woman his cry would have been -a scream. For forth from Hangman's Hollow rushed two huge blazing Eyes, whose glare not even the miBt could veil, and bore straight down upon George with a rattle and a roar. He dropped sixpence, hammer, and tails, and fled, with the whole horror of dead Dan Jarvis at bis heels. 