Religious. A YOUNG MAN'S EYES OPENED. A Sermon by the late Rev. C.H.SPURGEON. "And Elisha prayed, and said, Lord, I pray Thee, open his eyes, that he may see. And the Lord opened the eyes of the young man; and he saw: and, behold, the mountain was full of horses and chariots of fire round about Elisha." —2 Kings vi. 17. This young man waited upon a prophet; he could not have had a more instructive occupation; yet his eyes needed to be opened Elisha's petition for this young man was, "O Lord, I pray Thee, open his eyes, that he may see!" The young man was at that time in the peculiar condition of seeing, and yet not seeing. He saw the enemy surrounding the city, but not the greater host of the Lord's angels who protected the man of God. Looking over the little walls of Dothan, he observed all the country round about to be occupied by the horses and chariots of the king of Syria ; and he cried, "Alas! my master ! how shall we do?" He could see the danger, but he could not see the deliver- ance; and therefore the prophet lilted up his heart to heaven, and said, "O Lord, I pray Thee, open his eyes, that he may see!" Elisha reckons his servant's natural sight as not seeing, and regards vision which detects the invisible as the true sight. 1\. First, we have a prayer suitable to offer our selves: "Lord, I pray Thee, open the eyes of the young man, that he may seel" For certain of our friends we pray that their eyes may be opened to see the enemy of their souls under the many disguises which he assumes. We fear that many are ignorant of his devices. Young men especi- ally are too apt to mistake the great enemy for a friend. They believe his raise and flattering words, and are seduced to ruin. He holds forth to them the sparkling cup; but in its beaded bubbles death is lurking. He talks of "pleasure"; but in the lusts of the flesh the pleasure is a shadow, and misery is the substance. He wears the mask of prudence, and admonishes young men to "mind the main chance," and leave religion till they have made their fortunes; but that gain which comes of thrusting God aside will prove to be an everlasting loss. We want men's eyes to be opened to see God as everywhere, observing all things. What an opening of the eyes this would be to many ! God may be seen everywhere, but the most of men see Him nowhere. He is blind indeed who cannot see Him to whom the sun owes its light. Until our eyes are opened, we rise in the morning, and we fall asleep at night, and we have not seen God all day, although He has been every moment around us and within us. When a man begins to see his great enemy, and his best Friend, we may next pray, " Lord, open his eyes to see the way of salvation through the Saviour." Then is no seeing the Lord Jesus but by His own light. We look to Him with a look which comes from Him. I have tried to explain sal- vation to people many a time, in simple words and figures; but there is a great deal more wanted than an explanation. It is right to be very plain, but more is needed than a clear statement. No matter how bright the candle, a blind man sees none the better. I continually pray, " Lord, open my mouth"; but I perceive that I must also pray, "Lord, open men's eyes." Until God opens a man's eyes, he will not see what faith means, nor what atonement means, nor what regeneration means. We cry, "Look unto Jeaus, and live"; but we need to pray, "Lord, open their eyes." Blessed be the Lord, how sweetly they do see it the moment their eyes are opened by His own omnipotent touch ! Then they wonder that they did not see it before. Sin cannot so darken the mind but that God can pour light into it. If we cannot make men see, we can at least lead them to the Master Oculist, who can rectify their sight. Already the horses and chariots of fire were round about Elisha; but his servant could not see one of them, because they were spiritual chariots and spiritual horses—angelic beings belonging to the purely spiritual domain; and as yet the youth had not entered the spiritual region, and had no eyes with which to see into it. When God had given him spiritual eyes, then there began to break upon his vision that strange sight—ethereal, aerial, nay, spiritual, but yet most real; that sight which re- vived his soul with the conviction that the prophet was safe, since the ministers of God, as flames of fire, flashed to and fro, and like an army, with horses and chariots, showed themselves strong for the defence of the servant of Jehovah. Oh, my hearers, as yet strangers to the things of God, if the Lord would open your eyes at once, you would be astonished indeed; for as yet you have no idea, you cannot have any idea, what the spiritual life is, nor what spiritual realities must be; neither can you have any true idea of them till you are quickened of the Lord. "Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God." Let the prayer go up from all enlightened hearts, for those not yet walking in the light: "Lord, open their eyes, that they may see!" "He comes, from thickest films of vice To clear the mental ray; And on the eyeballs of the blind To pour celestial day." Do not try to hold up your candles to reveal the chariots of fire. Leave room for God to work, and at the touch of His finger, in response to the prayers of His people, the wondrous work shall be accomplished. 2\. What is our hope of men when we pray this prayer for them, "Lord, open the young man's eyes, that he may see"? What will they see if the heavenly eye-salve be applied? Elisha, no doubt, felt that the answer to his prayer would be precisely what it really was. "The Lord opened the eyes of the young man; and he saw; and, be- hold, the mountain was full of horses and chariots of fire round about Elisha." We want men's eyes to be opened, that they may know, first, that spiritual forces really exist. Faith teaches us to believe in the existence of the great God in whom we live, and mov, and have our being. Faith re- veals to the heart the existence of that Divine and ever adorable Person the Lord Jesus Christ, who is at this hour with His Church, and will abide with her to the end of the world. Faith also makes us know the existence, and power, and presence of the Holy Ghost, who dwelleth with believers, and is in them, working out the eternal purpose of God in their sanctiflcation. No know- ledge is more sublime than to know the Trinity in Unity: Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, one Jehovah. When we come to realise that the Lord God is the source of all things; that God hath made us, and not we ourselves, and that all things come into being by His sovereign will and power; then we come to recognise his presence, to consult his will, and to lean upon His might, God becomes real in our thought and apprehension. Since He whom we cannot see supporteth all things, we feel that the invisible is the basis of all things. Verily, if we get our eyes open, we shall begin to recognise that God is greater than this world, and all worlds; and then the mighty truths which concern His way of mercy in Christ Jesus will ennoble the soul. Then shall we become true comrades of those bright messengers of God that fly to and fro fulfilling the behests of the Most High. That there are devils, I think no Christian man will ever doubt; for at certain seasons we have been sadly conscious of a singularly terrible presence, with which our souls have been in agonising conflict. In that fearful battle it has gone hard with us; our armour has been battered, our comfort has been grievously wounded, and our courage badly mauled. We have been saved as by the skin of our teeth. We hardly knew how to hold on at all, we were so sore beset by unnatural temptations, and suggestions nothing less than infernal. Then, at the Lord's rebuke, this great adversary has taken sudden flight, and angels have come, and ministered to us new joys, and fruits of consolation, fresh from the tree of life. Did not an angel come to strengthen Our Lord in Gethsemane? Have we not, in our mea- sure, enjoyed a similiar visitation? It is a grand thing to see the hosts of God attending us, and to know that bright convoys of these shining ones will come to salute us at last. Elisha's young attendant, when his eyea were opened, saw, next, that God's people are safe. We perceived that there were more with Ellsha, after all, than could possibly be against him, and he felt that he himself was safe as the servant of the servant of God. Thus he believed in his master's God, and found a shelter from his own fears. I pray that the eyes of every Christian person here may be so opened that they shall never doubt that the powers on the side of truth and righteousness and God are, after all, mightier that the hosts of evil. Gird up the loins of your mind; be sober, and hope to the end; for if the Lord has opened your eyes, you will perceive that you are on the winning side, and that He is coming soon who will smite His enemies upon the cheekbone. If you are on the side of God, and of His truth; if you do the right; if you believe in the Lord Jems; if you commit yourself to the keeping of the hand which was pierced with the nails; heaven and earth may pass away, but the Lord can never desert you. The skies may be rolled up like a shrivelled parchment scroll, and all the things that are seen may melt away; like baseless fabrics of a vision, earth and sea may vanish; but a believing soul must live, and triumph, and be exalted to a throne with Christ; for He hath said. "Because I Jive, ye shall live also." Hold fast your integrity. Believe the truth of God even to the end; for the Lord Jesus will not fail, nor be discouraged, till all His foes are beneath His feet. If your eyes are opened, you will know that saints are honoured by their Lord. See! He despatches His squadrons to be a bodyguard to one of them; would not you wish for such honours? See here the secret of the peace which abides with the man of God: as he has meat to eat that men know not of, so has he company that men cannot see. He lives like a prince in the centre of a camp, and sleeps securely. Faith makes the dif- ference between the tranquil prophet and his fright- ened boy. Oh that you would believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, and so enter into His peace ! May this be the red-letter day in which your eyes shall be opened to see spiritual things, and you shall begin to live a spiritual life! Lord, I pray Thee, open the young man's eyes, that he may see; yes, Lord, open the eyes of all the blind among us, for Jesus' sake! Amen. "Land and Water" has a paragraph on an old canine campaigner:—"While on the sub- ject of dogs, I ought not to overlook the fact that the dog of the Northumberland Fusa- liers, 'the Fighting Fifth,' together with the Cossack dog of Remington's Guides, has gone to the front, having received a special permit to accompany the force on the marck to the relief of Kimberley. The Fusiliers' dog is no raw recruit, but a veteran cam- paigner. He distinguished himself by his cool demeanour at Omdurman, and after- wards assisted in the pacification of Crete." Colour-blindness is confined almost ex- clusively to the educated classes. MR. AND MRS. BOUSFIELD. (Photos, by Wiley. MR. AND MRB. LILLEY. (Photos, by Wiley. MR. AND MRS. MOORE. (Photos, by Wiley. 