.. WAS IT A SPIRIT? i • The lute State Senator Walters, of Virginia, while far from being; a super titifyip man, was heard on more than. one Occasion to say that ho could not altogether disbelieve in ghosts. Hi; made no profession of faith in spectral apparitions-, but, according to his own account,- was withheld from denial; ot them by the recollection of a single very strange occurrence, i One afternoon, inV the autumn oE '1884,' -ho-' was looking , for deer in a ’lonely valley within ton miles of the town of Pinckney, Virginia, when ho struck into a narrow road much over grown with weeds, and evidently un used for a long time. After a bit be j came to a house which likewise shewed signs of disrepair, having been deprived even of its windows and doors—pro bably because those -useful articles had been deemed by somebody .worth carry ing away. On this account the dwell ing had a singularly blank and unhume like appearance, and the senator tyrrs rather surprised to see a man standing on the dilapidated porch in front-. : , Tire man had his. hands in his : pockots, and wore a pair of btne-jeans overalls, a chock shirt, and no hat. His hair was red. AH of these points wore distinctly noted by the senator, who paused and shouted a cheerful salutation. No reply being elicited, he-shouted again; but the person o.i the porch appeared to take not the slightest notice. It seemed very rude, but the senator was anxious to get a bit of information as to'game, and so he approached the‘ house through a gap in the miserable fence, the gate of which' was absent. As he came near, however, tho man in the check shirt and blue1 jeans tnmod and walked slow ly into tha deserted dwelling, disap pearing from. view. '"Hello!” cried the- senator on mount ; ing the porch and arriving at the door way; but there was no response. He began to bo indignant, and presently made' up his mind to enter and hunt up the man in the blue-jeans. This, indeed, seemed easy enough; but, ,io his great surprise, nobody was to be found; the house was absolutely empty. He searched it inside and out, but the man was gone. There was no cellar, and. the dwelling haring only four rooms, a complete inspection was not difficult-. Nevertheless, it was fruit less, and at length tho senator guve it up. Shouldering his gun, ho strug gled back to the wretched road through the tall woods that grew where once had been a vegetable garden; but be fore going on he glanced back, and there again on tho porch was the red headed man in tho check shirt, j This was too much. "I say!’’ cried j tho senator, " what do yon mean by running away when a gentleman wants to speak with you?” Tho man xnado no reply. He still kept his hands in his pockets, unci seemed to be looking in another direc tion. Naturally this made Senator Walters very angry. Ho -walked. again towards tho_ houso.. jriuch ,_vas oaly anont viiirty- hve yards distant, and again the person jh the blue-jeans tnrnad in a leisurely' way and disap peared into tho ruined dwelling. Once more the visitor entered, looked every where, and found nobody7. Though re luctant to abandon tho search, he gave it up finally, returning to the road. Then, as ho looked back, ho saw the man again on tho porch, in the same attitude as before. By this timo the seuator was hot with rage. ‘'Hello!”-ho shouted again. “If you don’t answer me within ten seconds I’ll put a dose of buckshot- into you!” Still tho man paid no attention, and. having counted the ten seconds, the senator slowly raised liis gun to his shoulder and fired. He was a first rato shot, and was certain that he could not have missed; yet the m;ui stood there just as before, motionless, not even turning liis head. As may be imagined, the .senate! was thunderstruck. Hastily leaving the read bo once more approached the house, and as ho did so tho man in the overalls turned in the same leisure ly manner as before and disappeared within the dwelling. There was a con siderable space of clearing all around tlie deserted residence, and no oppor tunity whatever was afforded for hid ing; hence the amazement of Mr. Wa’ tcrs when, for tho third time, Li searched the premises and discovered nobody. Extremely puzzled, and at tho same timo very angry, ho at last resumed his journey. But-, as before, ho glanced back, and there was the person in the check suit stauding on the porch, with liis hands in- his pockets and Looking as if uothiug had occurred. At this stage of the proceedings, said the senator, ru telling the story, he became frightened. It seemed ob vious to him that something very much out of the common was at work. He made no further attempt at investiga tion on the spot; but when ho got homo lie set on foot an inquiry into the history of. the deserted house, and learned that its former occupant and owner luid been a man named John-;; ston, who was murdered in cold blooci j by a. friend with whom lie had a dis pute. 