LOCAL AND GENERAL. '-»? Best Kapok 9d lb., cheaper than going to Sydney, at L. Goldsmid's, Windsor.* It is rumoured that a Sackville Beach farmer, owing to the late devastating- flood, is about to wacate his farm, and qualify for the mounted police. The farmer in question should make a first class mounted man. Judging by the latest news re ceived from Goulburn up to the time of going to press, things do »ot look too promising for the river folk. Yesterday at thatjplace 41' points of rain were registered, .while the weather was still threatening. The river having risen 6ft. above summer level. Maraño, the " breedy" looking Bunter belonging to Mr. Lindsay, of Wollongong, and which was 80 much fancied for the H.C. Steeplechase in September, has come to grief. At the Hunt Club " meet " at Coogee last week lie jumped short, and took away the rail of a stout fence. It is Stated that lie will never do any more hunting. Great Casar's Ghost ! poor wasted frame, That once full vigour did possess, Can't be a man in elfie but name, His cough has brought him such distress. The undertaker smiles to think Next winter's cold he'll not endure, Oh ! ne'er say die, but take a drink Of W. E. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure On Monday morning last a chimney at the Fitzroy Hotel caught fire. After some trouble it was extinguished. However, later in the day the roof of the shed behind was discovered to be on fire. Before this second blaze ?was put out a considerable hole liad been burnt in the roof, and the blazing wood falling on it, destroyed some bedding in the room below. It is supposed that a spark from the chimney ignited the building. Among tlie list of the success ful candidates at the recent Junior University Examinations, appears the name of J. Murdoch. He is a son of Constable Murdoch, until recently stationed at Wind sor. The successful candidate .was a pupil of Mr. J. T. Fitz gerald, B.A" of Eltham College, Windsor. This is the second suc cessful candidate coached by Mr. Fitzgerald, and we are firmly convinced- knowing the abilities of Mr. Fitzgerald-that it will »ot be the last. Wb.il» riding a young horse on Tuesday morning last, a son of Mr. C. Pitt was thrown, and badly injured about the face. In the meantime the horse galloped away, and when passing Mr. barlow's butcher's cart, which was standing by the Chui'ch of England Schoolroom, the horse in the cart took up the running, with the result that the contents of the cart was thrown all ways, and the horse after a good " go " got rid of the cart and bolted up the street with the saddle under its belly. However, both horses .were captured, and beyond hav ing his goods thrown about, Mr. barlow luckily sustained no breakage. On Sunday last Mr. Sandoz met with a serious accident. While mounting a horse, the brute, from come inexplicable cause, started bucking, and Mr. Sandoz was thrown before he got fairly into the saddle. The horse then kept on bucking, dragging him with it by his leg. At length the shock tore away the boot from his foot, and he was thrown clear. Mr. Sandoz was taken into the resi- dence of Mr. J. W. Chandler. Dr. Callaghan was sent for, and after examining the injured man, he had him taken to the hospital. We are given to understand that the sinews of Mr. Sandoz's leg have been badly hurt, and also that the knee- cap is seriously in- jured. It will be some weeks before he will be able to get about again. Our fullest sympathy goes to Mr. Sandoz in his mis- fortune. Gunnedah, who won the "Welter at the recent H.R. Club's Winter Meeting, started at 5's to 1 on. Ic this world of pain and sorrow, With the true man and the robber, All can find tbe greatest comfort In Harry Bowman's stylish « clobber.' There was a parade of Windsor Company on Saturday afternoon last on the Park, a very good muster being present. ¡ The Windsor Volunteer Rifle ' Club holds its first prize shooting for the present quarter to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon at 2 p.m. ! Lord Hopetoun, formerly j Governor of Victoria, has been ' appointed the first Governor j General for Federated Australia. Rain started on Thursday, and has continued incessantly up to , the time of writing (Thursday night). We trust that our Cam den and Goulburn friends are en joying sunshine. Sewing Machines Repaired at L. Gold smid's Railway House, Windsor. Sewing Machine Needles, any kind, ls 6d a packet of 12, post free.* We are informed on good authority that the residents of the Bullridge intend applying to the Government for a grant of land to be utilised as ^a burial ground. We would ' suggest, should this boon be granted, that it be named " Morgan," to make up for recent bitter disappoint ments. The above is a picture of the 79 flood. Several residents are still of opinion that the recent one was much lower. The photo, which has been kindly lent us by the Hon. Wm. Walker, was taken from the roadway opposite the present butter factory; A bazaar was held on Wednes day last at Mrs. Steve Upton's, Newtown, the object being, to secure funds for* the starving mil lions in India. Unfortunately an invitation to attend arrived too late at this office, a report will ap pear in next issue. Single Blanket», le lOd and 2s Cd each, at T. Lobb's, Geoige-street, Windsor.* A valuable mare the property of Mr. Arthur Cornwall, which had been tied to a fence, almost strangled itself on Monday morn ing last. Assistance arrived in time, however, and although con siderably cut and knocked about, the owner entertains hopes of saving it. The Meyers1 benefit performers are working energetically to make the coming " show " on Monday night a success. The programme now on view ought to be a guar antee to the public that they -will get their money's worth. All friends and sympathisers of Mr. Meyers are requested to patronise this charitable affair. Rumours of cricket are going through the town. It is proposed to hold a meeting shortly for the purpose of re-organising the Windsor club. It is well known that with a little energetic work Windsor may be made to turn out a team fit to hold the premier place On Wednesday afternoon last some of last year's club had a practice. Picture Frames Made, artistic designs and best workmanship, at L. Goldsmid's, Railway House, Windsor.* Held over. - Correspondence, "The Woy Woy Lies and Wrangles," etc. Pax, the winner of the Hawkes bury Handicap at Rosehill on Wednesday, led the way from start to-finish, and won by about four lengths. During the past fortnight 250 cases of fruit have been taken from Bullridge orchards, and ex ported to Melbourne and New Zealand. Good old Bullridge. A splendid assortment of Dress Goods -Dressmaking on the premises at T. Lobb's. A certain young Windsorite,|who has recently been blessed with a i a son, has burdened the young I ster with the following names : " Theo. Thomas Francis Redvers i Spion-Kop Mafeking-." It * would be interesting to notice if the youngster in question will survive it. In one or two instances songs rendered at the recent smoke social were of a disgusting nature, and were in no way appreciated by the audience. It is a pity, in our opinion, that the party or parties who take the credit for the arrangement of the programme do not show a little discretion in the class of song selected by the 3everal singers. During the recent snow storm at Bathurst Mr. Daniel Mayne's property was damaged to the ex tent of £70. The corrugated iron on verandah's were twisted and turned into all shapes, and, we hear, there is not a foot of gutter ing remaing on any residence in Bathurst. Certainly the appearance of the weather warranted Mr. Daniel Mayne requesting us to notify the public that (weather permitting), the long luoked-f or sports would be held on Wednesday next. The fates, however, are against Mr. Mayne, this being the fourth occa sion that the sports have had to be postponed. We would now sug gest that the promoter postpone same until the district is visited by a drought, and then announce them to take place. For Children's Hacking Cough at night Woods' Great Peppermint Cure, ls 6d. Prior to the trophy races held on Saturday afternoon last at McGrath's Hill, a private match was got off between Mr. Brennan's chestnut Lily and Mr. Clark's (of Pitt Town) piebald Joker. The distance was about two furlongs. At the drop of the flag the piebald got away first, but coming round the corner the chestnut challenged him. Joker's boy drew the whip, and from that moment the race was won ; the chestnut came away and won easily by a dozen lengths. The late Mr. Christie May, was the first Australian cyclist. More than 60 years ago he gave the residents of Windsor a consider able fright by riding a very high1 * spider" machine through tbe main street. Whether a cheap suit or a dear one, Harry Bowman cuts them stylishly.* While Mr. Thos. Savage was riding along Macquarie-street on Tuesday morning last, the saddle in which he was seated slipped underneath the pony, with the result that things were, for a short while, slightly mixed. After re covering from the shock, Tom se cured the horse and proceeded to collect the fragments of the saddle which were lying along the road way. Two poultry thieves, who re cently visited the Vineyards, re ceived a rude shock one night last week while trying to annex some poultry, the property of Mr. White. It appears that this was not the first occasion on which they had visited this gentleman, and he, through former losses, set watch. As soon as the thieves inf question commenced opera tions he fired a charge of No. 6 in their vicinity. Horses were in waiting, and the poultry sneaks lost no time in making Windsor wards. Men's Navy Serge Suits at 17s 6d; Tweed Trousers from 23 lld at T. Lobb's. WEAKY WORMY HORSES get lively and fat on Findlay and Go's Aromatic Horse Food and Medicines. Agents : A. H. Mel ville, Chemist, Windsor ; J. W. Allison, Chemist, Richmond, or Findlay and Co.,290SusBex-street, Sydney. The mare that bucked Mr. Sandoz off and hurt him so seri- ously last Sunday, went on the "gambol" again on Wednesday morning, and threw Fred Fewings a "fair cropper," as the push say. Fred was riding the mare bare- backed at the time. There is not the least doubt that the present condition of McQuade Park is a disgrace to the town, and reflects but little credit on those citizens who are respon sible for keeping it in proper con dition. The entrance gates would not do credit to even an ordinary farm yard, while the fence sur rounding it is sorely in need of a coat of paint. The view several recent visitors have taken, that it is merely ajgrazing ground for stock, can hardly be wondered at. With very little expense this Park, with its pretty situation, and other natural qualifications, could be converted into a veri table beauty spot. As it is now, di void of all care, with dead pines and other trees, broken footpaths, neglected flower plot, etc., a thorough disgrace to our ancient borough. Flannelettes from 2s. per dozen yalda at T. Lobb's. We regret to hear that Mr. C, Farlow is again, on the Bick list, 1 on this occasion with the old complaint, asthma. Tenders are called in this issue for shingling the Wilberforce Church of England ; same close on the 30th instant. Mr. J. Green, of Sackville, has successfully passed all tests to qualify him as eligible for the police force. We hear he was the only successful one out of 15 other candidates. Mr. Phillip Charley has treated the Farmers Relief Fund hand somely, he having generously donated £50 towards both the Richmond and Windsor lists re spectively. At the public meeting held in the Council Chambers on Wed nesday evening last, for the pur pose of obtaining relief for our distressed farmers, Mr. C. S. Guest, Secretary of the H.D.A.A., thanked the meeting for the cour teous manner in which they (the Richmond representatives) had been received. Mr. Brinsley Hall also stated at the same meeting in question,, that he had received an offer from a theatrical gentleman, of Sydney, that he would give an entertainment for the benefit of the distressed farmers, provided the residents of Windsor found the hall. ' The matter was left in the hands of a committee to deal with. One of the speakers at the same meeting expressed the opinion, that £10,000 was far too large a sum to ask the Government for, which led the Rev. J. Howell Price to remark that if he (the .previous speaker) had taken the trouble to make himself conver sant with the nature of the roads in the district, he would quickly alter his opinion. The rev. gentleman invited the party who " snighered " at the idea to take a drive round with him, and view some of the roads. Woods' Great Peppermint Core for Coughs and Colds never fails, ls 6d. The Singer Sewing Machine Company, who have generously offered to repair customers' sew ing machines damaged by the re cent flood, are already receiving many calls. A machine, the pro perty of Mr. J. Nagle, whose place was completely submerged, is now on view at the Company's show rooms in George-street, and to all appearances it will take a considerable amount of labor to put it in order again. Though it has had a severe knocking about,, the woodwork is still intact. The Singer Company deserve no small amount of condemnation for their generosity. 