MARLEY HOUSE. " Don't tako that house, sir, if that's what you'ro a-thi rilling of! " I had just como out of the dilapidated gato of the said houBo, with the latch koy, lent me by tho agent, in my hand. Tho Bpealter \ras an old man—a gardener, I'm buio, for he was so bent and limped. All gardeners limp—they always manage to chop them selves with a spade, or get a prod with a fork or do something that engenders a limp—it's their stock-in-trado. " Good morning, friendt" said I, pausing, " That is exactly what I am ihinking of do ing, you see it is a nico, roomy old house, with a garden, only it all wants repair, on which account tho rent is absurdly cheap. Why, then shouldn't I take the house? " " Because it's haunted, sir,'" said the old gardener, drily—" that's why." I laughed. I did not believe in all that sort of " rubbish," as 1 termed it; at any rate I thought I didn't, and would not for tho world havo admitted that I had nerves that might bo shaken, or that, like most other folks. I was liable to what X then scornfully called superstitious, ignorant fears. So I laughed and shrugged my shoulders." Haun ted, forsooth! Oh, I don't believe in all that nonsense, you Bee." "H'm. Well, sir, I daresay you've a heap more larnin' nor mo, but for all that," EaiU the old man, composedly conlident, " you'll find it ain't no nonsense. Nobody can't stop in it—nor won't you, sir, for all your big talk. In courso the agent wouldn't say a word agin it—why is it bo cheap?" " Tho reason is plain," said I, " the house is in such a state of disrepair; but my workmen—" " Parding me, Bir, but no workman's been able to get more'n a day's work done. The next morning it's all undone, and some more part of the fabris eome down with it." I " What utter rubbiBh!" I exclaimed, in all the indignant pride of offended reason; ' " one can see at once that tricks have been played. By Jove, I'll set men to work and 1 keep watch myself! " " Tricks! Lord, sir, there isn't a creature j about all Marley as would go near this house j at night 1 Play tricks, indeed ! Tho place is f accursed like." '* Bah! what is the story ? " I asked, scoffingly; " a curse on it, you say ? " " Yes, sir, why not ? Tho story here is that in tho last century its owner was a frightful blasphemer and reprobate—worse far than most, and carried on his wickedest deeds in that house. At last he fell in a duel nigh mortal wounded, and in a great fear of death. So he sent for the priest what he'd scoffed at before, and took a solemn oath that if he recovered he'd reform, pull down that house of his iniquities, and build a church there as a ex-pi-ation (is that right, sir ?) of his sins. But when he recovered— ;is he did, like a mi;a3le almost—he broke liis oath. He didn't and wouldn't pull down his house, swore it should never como down, and went on as bad as ever. The good priest went to him one nitrht, they Bay. and never como back, though no one could exactly prove that Sir Kichard Marley murdered him, and so he got off. They said the priest laid the curse of God on the houso and its master, and certain sure Sir Richard was killed in the midst of a wild orgie by a part of the roof falling on him. You can try your luck, sir, and watch twenty times, but you'll find it's true, reason or no reason. Don't take that house, I say." I thanked him for his advice and story, re solved, of course, to go m.v own way. Such rubbish, forsooth, to frighten an intelligent, reasoning man of the world, past thirty! But Btill, thought I, though it's absurd about the repairs failing, I may as well only take conditionally on my completing the needful renovation of Marley House. A vaguo, disagreeable sensation went through me when the agent readily consented to this proviso, but I shook off the feeling, and gave my orders to a .London builder. 1 went myself down to Marley the day after the materials for scaffolding, &c.;, and men with a foreman had departed. The first day's work was to erect scaffold ing in the front up to the second storey (tile house had only two), at least so far as they could in tho first day, and they got on well —good, sound work. No sort of jerty work, I knew, with Messrs. . Tho next morning, when X went over from the village, I found the foreman much vexed, and i learnt, with allot her disagreeable thrill, that in the night a heavy piece of coping stone from an upper window had fallen down and damaged part of the scaffolding;the men were now repairing this before they could proceed. Tho coping lay before my eyes, and I could see tho place whence it had fallen. I went away angry and upset. If anyone were doing this—by Jove, I would soon find out, and turn the tables. Next morning I found, with secret conster nation, that another dislodgment and dam ago had taken placc. Tho foreman said he feared tho house was in a worse state than their surveyor had thought. " We can't get on a bit, at this rate, sir," " 1 think," I answered, " that someone in the village is playing a trick, but they shall pay for it. We'll see what to-morrow brings anyhow" I said nothing of my intentions to anybody, lost the unknown enemy should attempt to play me a trick also. I merely told my innkeeper that I should not bo back till the next day, and after a late dinner or early supper, which you please, I provided myself with biscuits and a pocket flask of mixed brandy, and departed for my watch. It was ten o'clock when 1 let myself into Marley House, and the tirst thing I did was to Bearch every room and nook, by aid of the brilliant moonlight that shone in through the windows and a small lantern I had brought. There was not aliviug thing about savo myBelf; oven rats and mice had deserted the house long ago. Finally I camo back to the big dining room in front, and sat down in a window seat to keep my sentinel like watch. It was dreary work, I am free to confess, aud, despitu my philosophy and sceptical wisdom, I could not shake otf a disagreeable recalling of all the old gardener had said, with the quiet weight of his own siinplo, absolute belief in the story. I got to start at every crack or creak of tho old woodwork, and tried not to laugh at my own nervous folly—not aloud, remoinber— somehow I did not particularly desire to hear the hollow echo of my own laugh or voico. Twelve o'clock by my watch. I was alinos1 painfully sleepless now, with an increasing internal oxcitement, that strung my nerves up each minute to a yet greater tension. Half-past twelve—ono o'clock ; I hear it across tho still country from tho distant clock of Marley Church. " I'm a fool to stay on," I mutterod, angry with myself for the horrid creepy ' feeling that would persistently come over me. " There is nothing at all; trick or—or ! anything else; bits of old coping fell— that'shu—loosened by—iiarki what is that!" I stopped witli a sudden paralysing sen- ' aation of horror, that froze my blood and 1 made my ilesh creep. The muffled, stealthy , Lread, it Beamed, of ' undreds of foot comintr i on—on, every moment. Was X dreaming or going Did I only fancy that I saw that intangible dark crowd of a past century, with set, ghastly faces, pressing onwards as 1— gazed—swarming up the ladder, ihe scaffold poles, in at the window, up to the roof, striking with hatchets at wood and stone and brick as they went? Was it Great Heavens! that was not fancy—that sudden crash of falling timber and roar of tumbling wallH without, within, above, around 1 With 0110 awful cry that broko the spell, I rushed forth into the open blindly, through tho clouds of dust and deafening roar; as tho whole building fell in, a mass of ruins, bo hind me. I could never have told how I got back to tho inn; and the landlord, who let me in, told mo afterwards that I " looked awful— as if you had seen a ghost, sir!" For weeks my nervous system folt shat tered,but at the time tho only creature I told of my horrible night's experience was the old gardener. "Ah, sir," ho said, "it's what I ex pected, as I tolled ye. Nobody couldn't build up that place, as was cursed by a broken oath and tho murder of u holy priest. I knew what it was directly I went along there about five that morning, and seo the old den of iniquity a mass of ruins." "You saw it lirst?" I cxclaimed. " Oh, yes, sir. I went each morning after you set the men to work, and I Baw tho damage first each time. There'll have to be a church, or maybe village hospital, built there, if the bit of land is ever to be built on at all." " A good work would be an expiation," X answered with grave reverence. X am a scoffer no more!" [The End.] 