tSTORIES OF CELEBRITIES.] Mc-iAngusfcus.Hare, in his kftesi volume of Bemktiseenees, teBs several good stories. One has reference to' the late Lord Hough-1 ton-and fh^IBatoness Burdett- Coutts. Talk ing of the Baroness Burdett-Ooufcts, Lord Hooj^hfxm said—"Miss Coutts likes me be oaiey-T never ptoposedito her. Utmost all the young men of. good family did; those who did their duty by their family always did. Mrs. Browne (Miss Coutts's companion) •used tosee it coming, and took herself out of the way for 10 minutes, but she only went into the nest room, and left the door apeavsmd then the propiosal.took place, aind immediately' it -was done, Miss Coutts roughed, and Mrs. Browne caaneincgain.'" Another visit was to Hatfield, where lord and Lady Salisbury and a distinguished •company sat on Sunday evening round'the 'fire telling stories, one of which was told by the Attorney-General of a ghost that appeared to Mrs. Fry. But Hatfield has its pwrn ghost,'"a phantom coach which ar rives and drives np the staircase, and then disappears. Lord Salisbury heard it the other night when he was in his dressing room, and dressed again, thinking it was visitors, and went down again, but it was no one." On the day on which the Euiy dice was lost, Sir J. CoWell and Sir John MaoNesil were standing together in a win dow of Windsor Castle. Suddenly Sir J. McNeill seemed to 'be dreaming, and speak ing aloud, "What a terrible storm," he said. "Oh, do you see that ship? It will be lost. Oh! bow terrible. Good God, it's gone." It was at that moment the Eury dice went down. One of the author's intimate friends was the Kev. Hugh .Pearson, rector of Sotming, who teHs a story of Dean Stanley's ab sence of mind. ' One day, driving from Mxmreale, to Palermo, with their carpet bags on the seat before .them, Arthur sud denly compflained of the cold. 'Well, you had better put something on,' said H.P. 1 wiH,' said Arthur. HiP. went on with his book, till, after some time, suddenly looting up, be saw Arthur, who was also busily engaged in reading, entirely clothed in white raiment. He had put cm his night-shirt over all his other clothes, with out .thinking what he was doing; and they were juat-cfciving into the streets o£ Paler mo." Mrs. Duncan Stewart is one of Mr. Hareis authorities. Mr. and Mrs. Disraeli visited her at' her house at Liverpool, when tfiey were first married, he "a young man, all curly and smart," and she, much older, "a very handsome, imperial-looking wo man." Sirs. Duncan Stewart described Lady Beaconsfield- as- origkraffly a factory girl. ' Mr. Lewis first saw her going to her factory, 'beautiful, and with bare feet. He educated her ana married her, died, and left her very rich, and then she married Disraeli. .When asked why she married her second husband, she would say, as if it was a feather in her cap, "My dear, he made love to me whilst my first husband was alive, and 'therefore I knew that he really loved me." It was at Greenmeadow, a house four miles from Llandaff, that Disraeli served his apprenticeship as secre tary to Mr. Lewis, living in the house with him and Mrs. Lewis, in the position of a dependent. When the house overflowed with visitors from London, as was often the case, he was sent out to sleep at the Hollybush, a little public-house in the vu lage. Both Greenmeadow and the Holly bush exist stall. On a visit to .the Lowesj^n 1877, Mr. Lowe described 'his life, in Australia. Money scarcely existed there, payments were made in kind or in bills. "When we played whist," said Mr: Lowe, "we played sheep, with ".bullocks on the rubber; and when a man won much he had to hire a field next morning to put his winnings in." 