The Sketcher. A Gold Coast Mystery. (From the "Weekly Telegraph.") The Royal Mail Steamship Maboona was steaming slowly along the Gold Coast, bound froum Acera to Liverpool, and the passengers, lying labout In deck i chairs, gased lazily out from under the shade of double a\ltings aeroas tile glittering water at tie long coast lilac. which unrolled itself l.ke a panlorama before them. Lung llnta of yellow beach, where the blue Atlantic rolielts brake.in sheets of snowy foam, lowo blutts crowned wIth great cottonuwuad treeso, clutlter of na tive iluts lying beneath the shalde of Ifeathery palns, roar:ilg surf-covered bar and river mouth, all cune IInto s.ght, and disappeared as the dlteamer rtuled along, unil, lying comi distanuce behnd the coaut amllonlg what appeared to be miles of ulallgr4sve walllp, Ia lonely flit topped mounltan rose in view. The summul could be plainly seen against the blue tropic sky, but the up per slopes were covered with wreaths of mist, which was strange, as the rest of the landscape lay shalrp and clear in the sunlight. "That must be the Ghost Mountain our black passengets tell us the strange tales about. By the way, you promiased to tell us about the tilpe you went to the top, Coomulssoner," said .the Doc. tor, turning to District Commusaloner Oddy, who lay back in a cae clhailr. The latter was a slightly naide, spare man, w'ho was return.ng lones- iuralid ed, haggard and yellow in face from the climate and fever, but still showing by the flash of rils eye, and the lirn mouth, traces of energy and dlecision. He turned to the Docttr, and answered: " Yes, 1 lived-and seerral times near ly died-in sight of it for three years, but althougih I once tried 1 did not get to the top, and never wish to try again. The natives say no one but a JU Ju man ever reached the sumluit and llvdd." Here the passengers drew in their chairs to lsten, and the Gommlsalionor continued : "It .was some twenty years ago that Jevons, a trading agent, and myself sat out on the veranda of my house, smok ing an after-dinner clgir. It had been a trying day, as hot as fire, und at night it. was If polslble worse; the inside of the room resembled an oven. Outside, however, a faint breeze stirred,' bring nlug with it the usual smell of burning wood, orange flowers, and lliles, mixed with the foul odours of mud anud swamp, and although there was considerable risk of fever, it was just possible to breathe there, which you couldn't do In aside. "After we had smoked a while in silence Jevons stretched out isis hand, and pointed across the miles of dense forest and mangrove swamps that lay beneath the bright moonlight, opening out here and there to show the glisten ing surface of a broad river reach, or the foul black mud of a tidal lagoon, to where the Ghost Mountain stood out clearly against the sky, with a silver cloud of mlst wrapping Its lower slopes. "' When shall we climb that wonder ful mountain, Oddy 1' ' Oh, whenever you wish; to-morrow, if you like,' I answered. We were both young, and, with my head full of the varied information in the departmental books, I thoughtI knew everything about Africa and its natives. I have changed my mind since, and am just beginning to learn a little now-while Jevons, a burly red-faced Englishman, was firmly convinced that there was nothing worth knowing except how to make 25 per cent profit for his firm by cheating the natives. We both of us laughed at the superstitions concerning the mountain, so having decided to go I called for my Shalltee boy, blew my whistle for Sergeant Arnun and Kossoo, for there were te~ ' Haussos' attached to the station. "A few moments later the two Haus sas, who are, as you know, Mohammed an black troops, entered. Fine, tall, men they are, from the far Interior, with features much finer than those of the Coast tribes, dressed in brown KarkI uniform and' a red fez. While they stood at attention I told the boy to have two hammocks and.eight bhearers ready by sunrise on the morrow. At this he urged us to abandon the -idea, saying that for four hundred years no one but a Ju. Ju priest had ever reached the summit without either dying or losing a hls reason shortly afterwards. How- - ever, we both laughed at any 'supersti tlous Idea,' and, turning to the black sergeant, I said: "'Are you, too, afraid to go, Arnum 1' "' Mountain be great Jtd Ju, sah ; not good to meddle with the Fetish of the heather; but where Commleslonah go, Arnun and Koseoo go too, even though the mountain be full of devils,' was the faithful fellow's answer. That is the nature of the 3fahommedan. Treat him fairly and lead him well, and he will follow you through Hades. "We started at daybreak next morn lng, travelling as far as we could in our hammocks, with plenty of black carriers, until the bush became so thick that we had to go on foot. "I remember the morning well, -the bright sunshine and brilliant flowers where the forest wea thinner, and the solemn dimness and wreaths of mist that lay around the trunks where the great'branches met above us, every tree festooned with hanging creepers. We did not know then that this mist might mean qulck death, and that the smell of an African forest, half aromatIc and half repulsive, was generally full of fever. "On we went, winding in and out among the trees, now crosslng a clear space, and again cutting our way with .matchets through thorny bushes, until, when night came, we camped Ihealde a little creek, and I lay awake until dawn, listening to the rustling of leaves and the voices of the forest, and watching the fireflies flashing in thie grass. "In the morning we made an early start, and, after a hard day's march. climbing and stumbling among man grove roots, several times nearly losing our lives in the pools of fatholilas uilsnd that abounal Jn Ithese swmlSi, we camped at sunset 'undalr tile laolntain itself. Dividing is from It ran Ia brald, shiallow stream, rippling pIleasianlly over a sandy bed, onily to lose Itself lower .down among the rottenness and .llise of a ulltngrove ,5stlllnt. The t.toadn shtone brightly on Ill wacter, and In thie bush around us uot a letaf stirredl, but the mounutal lu front laly wrapped In a dark cloud of mlist, out of whlir.h . we could hear thle rstling of trees land the 1 nlonnlng of a lighit hl'etzc. Oar hearers, in spite of the Iltheral pay prolilsed them, showed signs of making ottff, de claring that bone of us would retullrn alive, and It was only by threatis that we could indtlce thbem to remain. "Wien dawn came we forded the stream, and just as we stepped out of the water came upon two tall wands of scented wood, driven Into the sand, each carrying a white cloth dipped in blood. This is one of the Ju Ju marks, and where it Is set up with the proper ceremonlal roU ML'# lamU ai Mn DIM weae There, and no native would dare to touch it "As we passed Jevone, out of wan tonnes, and with some silly remark about ' pulling up nigger superstition-,' snapped one of the stakes across his knee, and set the pieces floating down the stream. I at once turned upon him angrily : " What did you do that for? lou fool, look at the carriers ; you'll see they wilt all bolt now, worse frightened than ever.' " Lot of sillly niggers Let them bolt, and we'll go on alone, oh, Itossoo T' hi' aidl. tlurnilng to the lloussa. "' ' Whellutl they be sticks and stones I know not,' said the latter in his own tongue, a little of wihch I knew, 'but it la not good to insult the gods of the heathen.' andt by this time I knew lie was right. I was a little uncomfort able, for I noticed the carriers mutter ing one to another, and looking at my coulpatalon n a threatenung manner, Ibut we induced them to go on by.draw. nig our revolvers, and the climb cornm meunced. W" hlte'the sun s~ane over 'the forest below its l'te mornrinlt sIides wore covered nuith nihte mist, whkih seo;ted our clotihes and seemed, to go through to the bone, and, wtlie we could feel no air on our faces, we could hear fhe trees ovelthead saay?t!mg and rustling in the breeze. Theodower slopes were oozing 'with water and musd, so that our up ward mnsslh was difficult uand dismal, espedlally as wse 'he?d to out our way thrlutih tiEorny inshes and mauos of trai?Hlg pl?cnts most of the time. Up we went, sbrugglhtg, through swaump aund bIake, u~tl tow?ards afternoon 1 enotke?i ,my compolunon got strangely qutlet, and liiad a Ilushed, swollen look abxout his face, wilekh I did not d'ke. When we stopped a few mlautes for breath I said : "' What's tlhe nma'tter, levens? Are you Ill ?' but I only got a surly, ' No; go onil,' for nst answer, and we continlued our way, and by 6i o'clock were some tU?itf-way uip the mnounitda. "Here we found a little clear space strewn wnitll a few large flat rocks, and as the bie'rers lied brought some dry 'wood fronm thle forest below we made a 'tire asd ln'etred to camp. Once or iteice I noticed Jovons stagger as lbe 'moved about urrarging the simple meal, iand at last I made eistn sit down and loavo lt stlon. Wbhile this was going Ion what little dim Right there was faded .way, anmd an iteunse darkness .losed tsround la sMy friend rute nothlng, but tdrutnk some of the spirits and quinine Sgave hinm, and then said : "'I don't know-wtlhrt's tihe-mitterwth 'me; my tbad's on fire, and I can't hold mynelf up. Some one must have p01 toned nam-or sometldimg. I'll go to sleep.' "Wraipping him dio lis waterproof sheet I pla''ed some baggage under hise head, and sat downm boeide him. "' A.mtn and Kossoo,' I said, ''ll watch half the night-you sleep.' 'llben I threw more wood on the lire, nrd be gan my lonely vigil. " Overhead the 'irecs swayed and rustled, and a clehll wind drove In my face, hlile fantastle wreaths of mist drifted nauros ihe firelight. DThe red glow fell on my companion's face, atId I saw how fludhod and distort.d It wits, whale 'he moved uneasily In 'its sleep, tend ,murmured from time to time. Drifting out of 'fle darkness came the asouanntg of the wind and the myriad voices bof the forest, and I 'listened until at last my eyes dosed and I fell asleep. "After do'ing uneasily a little I hear~ d a wcvelik voice a;ling me, asd,.rlshag to my feet, saw Jevoms -rying to mise hitnself. Hasntily rnutlng 'tcross to tull I raised his head, and he gasped out : I don't know 'whrlat it can be, bu't I 'feel I'm dying. Hold my tand ; don't leave me,' and then bats head fell back oa my knee. "Oalling Amun, I told him to noling some more wood, and to rouse one of the bearers, and for the little Whille 'he was e.?nty in the darlness I felt strange ly desolate. In a few 'minuten the re turned. "'T"he Shnauteo men'a ll line for' go away,' -he srlid ; 'only Anum and Kos soo here. Wi~ere otllcer manm live, there be Ha.usea man.' Theon he made up the fhre and sat close .?lde me. " I sdall never forget the horror of that dismul tnight, sitting by 'the glow of the fire, watdhizng the flidkering shadows as I held my d)ybng comrade's head on my knee. The mlet drove past dn nwreaths, achilling me through with 1ts clammy touch, while all around the btundhes swayed and rustled as the wind swept thongeh "flhe trees, "ind 'lt intervals the snort of the leopard seek ing lhis prey sounded throuuh the forest Jevons moved uneasily at times, and clutohed my thand, 'but never recovered oonsalousness, and wihe? at length tbhe weary neglht passed, and the dim light of dawn came filtering through the brantihes, I saw with horror that he was dead. "'bandoeteg all our luggage we three started to retrace our steps, nttenipting -the nlmeost lmposilble task of carrying the body of our cominde with us. All day we atruggled downvu ll, through mud namd thorny thlcket, teasing our clothes t ribelnds, and at timnes getting a lasty wound oulllelveo, always in the same cloud of clammy mist, I alter nately Shneding e?Wtil the fever wrh'idh vnow attnacked me, ind abslsing otr cowardly tcrriels for deserting us. To-. wsatrrs evening re reached the stream tehidlh sepnr'ted the mountain from the mangrores, atnd there we flung ourselves down, and, wth hl p?eadt in every limb, and with my blood tike 'liquid fire, I la]y tilt morning hI the burning grip atof fever. "When dn.ylght cante I could scau?ely estand tlone., eald, as to ctrry tfile body any furtlb?er wns s.nel.eossib'l, nothting eueld be done but 'to serae a slinallow hole in the 'sntiy strip by the river', and lay lit there, at the foot of the two Ju Ju arvonds; for when we rehorned the iesing one tld beman replaced. "Ali t bht tny, wiitf satmlnbting h?eadl and uselaess intmbe, 1 leamled oi thle .thoulders of miy faithful follonwelt, and, half-n?arrle dad balfoebggerhg, mtenl aged 'to get throtgh lihe awvful truct of mngro,'re, blacok elnnd, and saeeelp, which we lhad 'to cross. Sttruggllng along haif-t'onstolols late that night We readbed the spat Where tle hatnlnocks had beten left, and, itltloulgn r tiey wvere worn outt Ws'tl falitlgte, lith" tWro sthutlt IHantstas took me upl, atnd, travelling along the 1cear p~uth. we'e ctime stagger reg rlnto the cenlilsotndl aLt dawnn--t'0' ttsggrdtld, i?lt'tIttr' 'Ieaitse and an u'n l" oor tenl dla. 1 Ilhy between Jife and deatrh, tud then tlowly recovered." " T.kl ou?r friend Sthow symptonrms of eledra 't" ",n akod i4te doctor. S" I have seen ienny mnle dio ofeoveor. but none 1lke hatf," aetawered the com. neiulolter; "but front 'tht day I haveo ereftally ?rtkvled uamy m?slt to tho nittlve 'lioeh. I cant give you no ea- sonis, msd can only say wJth Hamlet., ''lhere are maore .htitngs in heaven tand eArit thka arei dreamt of tIn your phulo sophy.' And Iff you nilsah to know all the strang tge hings 'that happen in the Adrican forests you must spend you r Sie among tlhan." 'Apropos of the lnoresos of the Navy, iI goes without saying that an tronosad IA 