' Parted at the Altar-' A Charming Love Story of Intense and Thrilling Interest- ? . , Author of, ' A Working Girl'a Triumph.' H OHAPTEE XXYII. - DohlS AND FHEDBEICK MEET AGAIN. Por three long and weary yoats Frederick Thornton travelled inces Eantly ; but his groat effort to forget Doris ?was all in vain. The sweet, dimpled girlish face was between hiin nnd the sunshine — filled his thoughts — made his life one' long regret. ' How strange it was,' he often told himself. ' that be hnd discovered i bis love for poor pretty Doris in the very hour that he had lost her so cruelly !' Three years had made little change ?in Frederick Thornton. He was the same handsome Frodericlc us of old ; nil save the gay, laughing sparkle in the dark, expressive eyes. That had died out of them for ever, leaving them thoughtful and gloomy, with a look of brooding melancholy in them that never left them. Pretty young girls sighed and smiled at the hundsome American all in vain. He seemed to be oblivious to the charms of fair women, or else iuarble-hearted; they often declared, — «s, k - I After three years of incessant trav elling, Fate brought him one sunlit June morning to a little village of Kent, lying among the Kentish hills. He was delighted to find there was a 'purty of Americans stopping at a vil lage across the way. Strolling out of the inn, the first person whom his eyes rested upon wus his old college friend Karl Lancaster. Well, by all that's wonderful, if it isn't Fred Thornton 1' exclaimed Knrl, cheerily, as ho wrung his old friend's hand in the greutest delight. ''.This is, indoed, a surprise. Where in the world did you drop from ?' ' I came from London for a few weeks quiet,' exclaimed Frederick, adding: 'I return to New York at the end of tho month.' ' The deuce you do !' exclaimed Karl, impulsively. 'Do you think I shall consent to lose my old friend bo eanily? No, indeed! You will make a valuable acquisition to our little party.' ' Who is there among your party ?' inquired Frederick. ' Only my mother and father, my father's ward — Miss Fielding — and myself. We have just got rid of two noble viscounts and an earl who per sisted in following us about from place to place, having been smitten with my father's ward. ; but finding their suit useless, one by one gave up in despair, and went his way.' Frederick smiled. ' You must come over and dine with us to-day, and I will present you to Miss Fielding; but I waxn you be forehand, do not attempt to fall in love with her.' ' No doubt you have hopes in that direction,' smiled Thornton. 'But you need not fear a rival in ine. I hive got over being a boauty worship per. I always avoid women, wben I can.' ' I hope you are not going to turn out a cynical woman-hater,' doclaroir Karl. '? That would nevor do — never I'' 'X Shull expect j-ou to dino with ua to- dny, and I shall noHKako ' No' 'for an answer,'' siiid Karl itgiiin, at purl ing- * ' In that case, it would- be.: useless to give any other answor than ? one in the ; niTirinativo, ' Btnilod : Frederick ; . 'so I shall probably pub'iuan appear ance somotimo during tho aftornoon. Kindly 'remember me lo,-, your father and mother.'' ,- After a lillle tbe friends -.parted,. Karl going towards bin ---.-house, and Fredrick Thornton strowling leisurely down. tho flower-strewn path tliat led towards the river that lay smiling, be yond. lie wns ?aroused- .'at. length, by i tbo sound of hurried footsteps, and turning his head slightly, u sight mot his eyes that ho never forgot-unlil. his dying day. From an abrupt curve . in . the path — seemingly, from out~of tlio very heurt of a thickot of ro.-,ca — stopped a young girl — a tall, slim live ly -creature, graceful as' a fawn, with a face so radiantly lovely in its fair, dimplod, girlish boauty as to almoHfc tako his breath away.at. the first total glance. Surely tho ?summer sunlight hud nevei fallen upon- a. fairer picture than this beautiful golden-haired | young, girl. - | She was hurrying along so swiftly. she did not perceive the -tall, handsome | stranger leaning against the : trunk of tho; tree, gazing at herso .-intently. She passed so near Frederick -ho could have put out his hand and touch ed her dress ; and suddenly;' in that instant a passing -sportive.' breeze; caught tho broard sun-hat that was tilled down over her curls, lifted it from her head, and hurled , it directly at Fredrick Thornton's foot. Quickly he stoppod to recover it.: 'Permit me,' ho said, extending the hat by its blue ribbons -with ono hand, and raising his own with a courteous bow with the other. - ???' 'Tlie young girl started back with a low cry of terror, and looked 'into l-is- face, clutching one-hand tightly over her heart. As the reader has-already imagined, it, was Doris. -After, three long years she stood face to face . with Frederick ' .Thornton again.', And she saw, too, that -.'he-did. not- reoognisii. her, so great was tho change in her. Ah, it was little won der he did not, believing Doris: to_ be lying' cold in flor. grave on tho othor. sido of the Atlantic.-- Tie heard thov low, gasping cry, aiid.sa\v the blanch ing of the lovely dimpled cheeks. I ' I botj a thousand -pardons it I have | startled you,'1 ho eaid, ; oagorly. . 1- 1 fancied you must have seen; mo stand ing here as you caino down the path,'.' Doris received the hat from his hand with 'a lit tie nervous bow. -.She could, i not . trust herself to answer him, so great, was her emotion ; she almost' fancied she would fall down dead at his feet in the long, primrose-studded grass. ? What reply she mado^ she i novel knew. Turning. -a way, she .; hurried swiftly down the path; Frederick Thornton $ she murmur-' ed, pantingly^ when she was quite on t- of sight and hearing, . ' All, Heaven ! what can he be doing., here ?!' ? - ; . : She was so strangely excited, flush ing -and . paling bj- turns, that she quite alarmed Mrs. Lancaster who had returned to tho house. - v; ~ ?'Why, what is tho*matter, my dear Doris?' she exclaimed in.,, dismay; ' Really, you look as though ;:you .had; seen a ghost.' Before Doris* could re ply, she went on quickly : i ,f I; want you to look your best this evening,. Doris dear, for Karl brings an . old friend to dine with us— a, Mr. - Thorn ton. He was a great friend of Karl's at college. -I have known his. family intimately for years.' ' You will have to excuse me this evening, Mrs. Lancaster,' pleaded Doris. ' I have the most severe head' ache 1 have ever had in my life.' Looking into the flushed face and unnaturally brilliant eyes, who could doubt.it? i-;. , . 'Lie down and take a -short rostj my dear,' suggested Mrs.- 'Lancaster. ? ' You will be all- right by- evening'.' ?:? Still Doris; lingered, ; How she longed to ask if / Vivian wns with him ! But pride prevailed. Of course; 'be lioving himself free, lie had married Vivian long since. Frederick Thornton had-Mood gassing after that slim girlish figure with- the strangest sensation at liis heart;th;it he had evor experienced. ' Pshaw !' ho muttered; impatiently striking a match on tho . sole of liis ooot, uuu proeeouing to ngnc a, cigar. ' Somehow the features of t'-at young I girlV face reminds me^strongly of poor littlo Doris. .Perhaps Doris would havo grown into juHt- such a suporb creature if she hnd lived. Can that bo Miss Fielding, I wonder ?' he mused. Durina: tho remainder of the morn ing Frederick Thornton caught him self thinking oontinually of the young girl he had mot in tho glen. He presented himself punctually at tho Laneasters'. The doctor and hie good wife and Karl welcomed him cordially ; but the face ho longed to see (if, indoed, the pretty young girl he had mot was Miss Fielding) was not there. ' ' 1 am sorry Miss Fiolding lina a headache, and cannot bo presented to you,' said Mrs. Lnncaster, smilingly. ' However, this is not to be your last visit to us. Wo shall expect to see a groat deal of you whilo you aro slay ing in the village.' ' Perhaps I have met Miss Fielding already,' replied Frederick, smiling; and ho proceeded to recount tho ad venture of tho morning, minutely des cribing tho young girl. ' Yes, that is my husband's ward,' declared Mrs. Lancaster. 'How shrewd you aro at guessing, my dear Mr. Thornton !'* From that day Frederick Thornton found tin opportunity to call overy day n t tho^Lancastera', but by Rome strange chance ho was never able to find the doctor's lovely young ward lltero Onco ho fancied ho saw the flutter of a wliito dress leaving tho library by oue door as he entered by another. .-: j At last ho surprised her one- day by entering, quite unobserved, with;; Mrs.- Lanoaster, an - hour oarlier. than he visually called. . For,a single instant the room seemed whirling . round Doris. As in a dream, she. heard Mrs. Lancaster go . through the; formula of the introduction.-- She. iieard Froderiok Tliornton say, l am happy to meet you, Miss Fielding ;r.'.' ,thon,- to her dis may, .Mrs. Lancaster, was- called- away, and they.: were left; nlouQs together. ; He -had looked intofher eyes, heard her voice, and .had not recognised her ; and sho told herself, with a bittor smile, .that slio would never betray her identity to,; him— never ! ;? Ho should never, know -that she was the same Doris to whom he had . been bound by that fatal midnight -,marriaf:o, and who had 'desorted- her: so cruelly at the very altar almost. Ho had not grieved tojiavo the fetters that bound hiin to -herself snapped asunder by her death, ? she felt sure. Of course, he was .' Viv- ian's lrusbnnd long since, and could; therefore, be notliing to her now — -less than nothing,; and quito unconsciously her face grow cold, hard, and haughty with suporb scorn as -ho gazed at her. ? -At that moment. Karl entered, the drawingroom, and Doris. took tho ..op portunity to-escupo-irom hia presence ? instantly. Frederick Thorntons-looked after Miss Fielding with, wonder not un mixed with pique. Why did this -lovely young girl take .such an nva sion to him at first siirht ? Why did she avoid b im so persistently ? lie asked -himself/angriJy. '.-He could not undor ??stand, yet, .despite1; this knowledge; ho seeme'didrawn'as.by a magnet each day 1o tho yilla. i CHAPTER XVIII. A SHADOW*. .. That one glance at the dark, hand some face of Frederick Thornton awakened all the old bitter-sweet memories in. Doris's heart again. ; v She tried to avoid, him, but from that hour Frederick Thornton followed Dnris about like a, shadow. . :;.Gno evening -.rthayv met at a ball. Doris heard them ^say ho would not be there. .- Themforo she was mncli sur prised to see him. standing by her side, side. ' : ; ^ Are you . engaged: for - tho ; next waltz, Miss Fielding ?' he asked;- tak ing1 the. tablet from -her hand. -- ' '???Doris, drew. bnckj . her - lovely face paling. 'Even her lips lost their eol our.;, - Waltz with^ him.- Ah; no !.a She could not. How could she.foel-his-breath upon her- chock, .tlio clasp of -his strong arm around - hor,' , and know that he; was ^nothor's— that ;lie~ had lost her' for: ' T should- prefer dancing, any . otlior than a wallz-with-.you, Mr. Thornton;': she said. ? . He certainly folt piqued. Any other young lady in that glittering ball room would ha^e been pleased to waltz with liim, he well knew. ' May I put my name down for tbe noxt quadrillo, then P' he asked with charming grace ; and as Doris could find no reasonable excuse for refusing him, she bowed a cold assent. To her horror, sho found it was after all, a waltz-quadrille. Sho could not escape from him when they were out on the floor together. Sho was obliged to go through tho dance with him. Yet Frederick Thornton could not help but notice liow she shank from the touch of his hand and tho clasp of hi« arm. And nguin he asked himself in tho deepest wonder, why had this young girl taken such an aversion to him P Thntono vvnltz- quadrille undid the work of years, Doris had thought that she had schooled her heart against him ; but lovo wns not to be discip lined thus easily. Sho realized that tho Doris of twenty loved Frederick Thornton a thousand timos more deep ly than the Doris of seventeen had dono^ That was childish, beautiful love;'this was the full, passionate strength of a woman's lovo — tho love that blesses or curies human hearts, j From that hour Frod-rick Thornton followed Doris about liko a shadow. Ho to jIc groat euro to place himself in every sot with her. If sho strolled out 011 tho balcony, on looking up she was sui'o to find hiin near her. If sho seated horself at tho piuno in the music room, alio would find liim at- bor side, ready to turn tho inusic.tor hor. Sho curled hor crimson lips in the deepest scorn as sho .looked at him; Ho had tioon untruo toihe memory ot poor, hapless Doris. Now ho would ho truo to ' Vivian's memory by sunning hiinsel f in another's stnilos, she. told bethel). (To le Continued.) 