AUSTRALIAN PRODUCE. .DJTBKESTIKG NOTES. [From our Special Correspondent] LONDON, December 1. To the great majority of the Queen's subjects Tooley-street is unknown, except as .the alleged place of abode of the trinity of tailors who on a memorable occasion described themselves as 'We, the people »f England.' As a, matter of fact, how sjer, in modern times it has far more legi timate claims to distinction, for it is one )f the leading centres of two or three im portant branches ot the provisioning trade, time and again I had been told that if onu ranted to become initiated into the myste ries of the butter business Tooley-street nu the place to go to, and the other day [ made a pilgrimage pbither. So far as ippearance goes the thoroughfare has no thing to recommend it, for it is situated in that dingy part of London which bor ders upon the Thames on the Surrey siae it London Bridge. Pawing along it, hotr nrer, one recognises the names of firms which hon a worid-wide reputation a» lealen in dairy produce. At the doors of these establishments *tand the merchants, iver on the watch for customers. They pounce upon ail aud sundry, venturing ucar those wlio can be mistaken for buyers, and arc ever ready to exhibit their wares in the nope of making a deal. A ?lory is -told oi one Granger, who. hap uening to Us in Uie netgnbourhood, wa- captured by a salwman. He submitted icooduaturrdly to the ordeal of being rhown simple after sample of butter. anJ tvhen finally asked for an order remarked— 'I am not in tne trade myaelf, but if yon can let me have a pound of jour beat j will take it.' For my purposes it was quite enough, to make the acquaintance of two x tthree of the leading men, tudpresenily [ was attracted by the sign of '£bdy and ?o.' The principals, oo my making myself mown to tbem, received me very graaoos y, and readily answered my questions. I earned tint they were connected with Ur. Ebdy, of Adelaide^ and ttat they were in the habit of receiving from Sooth Auv tralia limited supplies of batter, larger quantities of lambs, and consignments ol Dther articles of produce, but that they irere aLn in commercial relations with *hc \uztralaxMn Colonies in ganeraL As to the South Australian butter, it was made dear to me in conversations with Tooley-atreet merchants that one of the drawbacks u that the shipments are not sufficiently large -r regular to create a steady sale. Another iisadvantaga b the number of brands. In a little ktt of two or three faiudred case* there will probaMy be the marks of at least half a dozen makers, and this k not i reconunendation to wholesale purchasers, irbo prefer the New Zealandand Victorian lystem of grading. 'What ai-out the condition at the mar Icetr I asked. There was a heavy fall a week or two j£o. but tilings leave looked up a little tince.' 'The price stand* *t lOSs. for beat Aus traHan, does it notf 'AVell, as much as 106k. is obtained for i very special brand of Victorian, which u til taken by one buyer in the country, but tVeddell & Co.'* hft, which caa he depend ed upon, gives the quotation for choicest Australian at from 100s. to 101s.: that, how ever, is not the pries obtained for Sooth Australian. For that a lower rate baa to be accepted, and it cannot be very remune rative. Six week* ago the prospects were excellent and prices very high. The ex ceptionally dry season in l&»gi»'wl had led to the impression that there would be « scarcity, but the quotation* attracted but ter from all directrops. A large quaatitv, for instance, is coming from Ireland, and rates have dropped considerably.'' 'What about the 'fiahiness/ that is spa ben of r *? WcH, it k a very marked defect m some butter, not only from South Australia^ bo; from other colonies. There is ? sort of ran cid flavour, how caused we-cannot say; but, of course, it spoils the standard. Four cases of perfectly sound and weH-flavoured but ter may be sampled before there is one of tho 'hsuy* article, but that damages the sale, and periurp* the whole lot ha*' to be disposed of at between 70s. and 80s. a cwt. for confectionery purposes.' 'Is there no way of getting rid of the fisbinesi, by washing the butter or other wise?' 'Nothing of the sort seems to be effec tive.'' 'Have you followed the proceedings of the Departmental Committee in the matte of 4be use of preservatives?' 'There is such & conflict of opinion among so-called expert witnesses that one oannot attach much importance to the evi dence. It is impossible to say from the taste whether * per cent, or ] per cent k any particular quantity of boracic acid is used. Before leaving Tooley- street I tried to get from fee merchants interested a hopeful pronouncement on the subject of .the pros pects for AustzaUan lamb*, but those from whom I sought information were not to be irawn. It was evident that they had made very little faeadway with the sale of this iericriptaon of produce, and that they wen at sea «s to the future. Subsequent en quiries in other quarters led to no very satisfactory result Mr. Burney Young tells me that he has been able to effect a few sales at from 3|d *o 4d. per &., and Messrs. G. t K. Wills & Co: have also se cured buyers on a amaH scale at aumiar rate*. No brisk demand, however, has yet sprung up, and most of . those which have arrived have been stored. Advice* from South Australia indicate that large addi tional quantities arc on the way, and this Eact renders it all Che more regrettable that the market should be so persistently de pressed. The fact that the *-». Himalaya has on board fcalf a million eggs from Australia has been brought under the notice of the British public. The shipment will arrive at i very bad, time for exporters, as good eggs ire everywhere obtainable by retail at Is. a dozen. It is stated that if 13m trial con ngnement from the Antipodes proves pro fitable regular supplies will be sent, but it shippers judge from this experiment they are .not likely to persevere with their ven ture. Some time ago I mentioned that trial shipments of Canadian pears and peaches had been placed upon tLe London mar ket, and had been very favourably report ed upon by dealers aod consumers. It now appears that the Dominion Produce Export Deportment is making arrange ments for sending over to this country regular consignments of grapes. These are to arrive during the autumn and early win ter, and will prove a very acceptable addi tion to the fresh fruit supplies of the mother country. A test lot of grapes brought in the cool chambers of one of the swift linen has lately been on show at Manchester, and the quality of the article has received high comrrjeadation from com petent judges, who vouch for iu superiority to -tlbe Amerba from Spain, whicn arrive packed in cork dust, and have hitherto been the principal standby of British grave purchasers! at this time of the year. The Departmental Committee on preser vatives and colouring matter in dairy pro duce is still pursuing its investigations. On Saturday Dr. A. llilj, the Medical Officer ?f rteaUa for Birmingham, brought forward as an awful example of the injurious effect of boracic acid the cage of a luckless kit ten, which, after being fed regularly for six weeks on milk containing no more and no lea of the drug than was ordinarily used, gave up the ghost He further stat ed that out of 1,937 samples of milk which had been analyzed in the Midland capital 143 or 9 per cent had been doctored with the preservative, but added that the prac tice was becoming common of substituting for boracic acid a substance known as formaldehyde, .which was muth more per nicious, seeing that it hardened the al buminous matters and made them much more difficult of digestion. [Our London telegrams announce that a conviction has been recorded for employinc boracic acid for preservative purposes.— Ed.] From the Manager of the^ South Austra lian Depot 1 have the gTatifyrrrg informa tion that fresh enquiries have been reach ing him from several prxxninng quarters re garding the higher qualities of South Aus tralian wine. Some of the applications for information have been quite spontaneous, and there is every likelihood of their lead ing to business. Indeed, Me.«rs. Hedges and Butler— well-known West-End wine merchants, who hitherto b.ive not sold a bottle of the produce of Australian vine yards—have already undcrcJcvri t;- give at tention to the sale of Depot wines. 