Unworthy Practices. We have received a letter from a country Methodist who complains that the local Episcopalian clergyman is meddling in an improper way with the members of our Church. The clergyman referred to does not regard the effort to. bring into contempt all that we Methodists .. hold so dear, with the intention of in- . ducing us to return to the Episcopalian Church, as inconsistent with, the princi-. pies of gentlemanly conduct, or with the dignity of his position as a Christian minister. The plan adopted in this particular case is to t lend in a friendly way, to those who will receive them, . books that are written for the purpose of alienating Methodists from, their Church. One of these books, with the clergyman's name upon it has been forwarded to us. It is the work of a well-known saeer dotalist, and is published by an Anglican Society which, for many years, has been one of the principal disseminaters of Ritualistic literature. To the unin-. formed, or to those whose attachment to . Methodism is only feeble, it is a danger ous book. It is entitled ' John Wesley, 'being dead yet speaketh,' a contribu tion to the Centenary of 1891,' by the Vicar of Austell. The design of the writer is first to disarm the critical faculties of Methodist readers by unstinted eulogy upon Wesley and his apostolic work, and then, by attempted proofs from Wesley's writings, inuendo and wanton insult to hold modern Methodism up to contempt. According to this author Methodism has frustrated all the intentions of its human founder, has done incalculable damage to Chris tianity in the world, and has no claim whatever to be regarded as a properly constituted Church. Its ministers, however holy, are not ' priests of God,' because they cannot link themselves on to ' the unbroken apostolic succession,' and are guilty of gross sin in assuming the right to ' administer the holy sacra ments.' Our American cousins would characterise a man who can write on these lines in the year 1900 as a ' back number,' and dismiss his book as un worthy of perusal, and that is largely our own estimate. But this book is written by a clever man, and, in many parts of it, in a plausible way ; and for this reason we feel it to be our duty to Warn our readers against the sacerdotal propagandists who, under the guise of friendship towards Wesley, are endea vouring to destroy the work he began and which, by the grace of God, is spreading over all the earth. We do not regard Methodism as standing in need of an apologist, and do not intend to traverse the puerile assumptions that constitute a large part of Mr. Hammond's book. All we think it necessary to do is to warn our readers against the tactics of the adversary and to remind them of a few simple facts that will help them to resist the [enemy's assaults. It is con tended that the great crime of modern Methodism is, that it has left the Anglican Church, contrary to the wishes and intention of its founder. To this accusation there is a twofold reply. In briefjt is this : — Though Wesley, to the day of his death, and in spite of the fact that it had cast him out, regarded himself as a member of the Anglican Church, he, in fact, set aside its authority by exercising the right to ordain ministers for America and Scotland, in order that they might administer the sacraments to his people, and in various other ways. And further, while he almost passion ately urged his people to continue members of the Anglican Church he foresaw the inevitable and by legal processes before his death prepared the , way for separation. Then another sore point with Anglican Ritualists is the assumption that Methodism to-day is not true to its origin. But it is easy to meet this false and silly assertion. no honest and well-informed person can say that modern Methodism has de parted from the great system of gospel truth, as taught by Wesley. All that 'was fundamental in Wesley's teaching, . . is held and taught by us to-day. As for methods of Church government, while we admire and tenaciously hold to the general system instituted by our founder, we hold ourselves as free to adapt it to the needs of new times and conditions as Wesley did, and, as did the members of the Early Church. Wesley changed his own methods, and we, as his followers, hold ourselves free to follow his example. Then, as to whether Methodist Ministers are M Priests of God,' and, as such, have authority to administer the Sacraments, we look to a higher authority than Mr. Hammond, or High- Anglicanism, or even than Wesley himself. Accord ing to New Testament teaching, a holy man anywhere, in any church, called of the 'Holy Ghost to preach the gospel is a ' Priest of God,' whether or no men have ' laid hands ' upon him, and is at any rate spiritually quali fied to perform the functions of his office. And if this be denied by Angli can sacerdotalists, it is because they are still deluded by ' the fable,' as Wesley calls it, of an ' uninterrupted apoatolical succession,' and because they are still poisoned by the virus of of latent Popery. If, however, it pleases them to designate our ministers as un ordained it does not hurt us, and though they may get hoarse decrying our practice of the duties of the Christian ministry we shall not cease. But we appeal to fair-minded Anglicans against the contemptible practice of some of their clergy who sneak into Methodist homes and privily endeavour to poison the minds of our people. We have no quarrel with the Anglican Church, arid do not wish to interfere with its people. And we ask to be let alone, and that our people may be let alone. Whatever Ritualists may think, we believe that God has given us a work to do and we wish to do it in what we regard as God's way. Books, especially books Sunday School intended for Sunday Libraries. School libraries, ought not to be bought in a haphazard way. They cannot safely be estimated in the way men judge a bag of maize or potatoes, by samples on the top. And yet it is to be feared that in a good many cases books are bought for our Sunday School libraries by persons who have no knowledge of publishers or authors, and who do not take the trouble to avail themselves of expert advice. We have just received a book from one of our Sunday school libraries, which illustrates what we have seen on other occasions. It is in no sense a good book, and contains almost on every page of it language which is discreditable alike to author and publisher. It is a book in which drunken ness, lying, and some other bad things are made matters of fun. And yet this book was in one of our Sunday School libraries, and its vileness was only detected through an intelligent child showing it to his father. Surely a great responsibility rests upon teachers and librarians ! There is hardly anything worse than bad literature. It not only pollutes the mind but creates an appetite for further pollution. 