SHORT 'STOBY. — . — 4 ? About a Necklace and Something Else, I am a coward ; it is no good saying I am not, for I am and I know it quite wol], Somo pooplo say I am bravo, some even strong-minded, but that is principally becauso I don't mind about inico and blackbcotles, aud novor scream whon I am frightened ; none the leas, really I am a coward, as I think this tale of the haunted rnnm will show. It was Christmas time, and I was stay ing with my friend, Dolly Vanborougli. Dolly is a sweet little creature, as lovable and fair and lively as I am the rovorso, which, of course, tends to make us the greater frionds. Still, though we lmd been school churns, I had never stayed with her till that Christmas, and so did not know her people. I was rather afraid of them, tlioy were very rich, and quite kings in their own country, with a big old house and lots of company. Dolly's brother Dorrick I was afraid of too ; he was much older than Dolly, very clevor, and gravo and Bilont — rather a terrible personage. And, to make matters worse, Dolly, who is the dearest; little dunco iu the world, persiats in believing mo clever, and in trying to impress othor people with her belief. However, Mr Derrick was very polite, and protended he liked talk ing to me, and never appeared to bo aware of my mistakes. His mother and fathor, too, were so kind, and inistod on my pro longing my visit indefinitely. Altogether, I onjoyed myself, in spite of tho haunted room. I slept in it. It wa« nob supposed to be much haunted, and for a long time I heard and saw nothing. No one bofore mo seemed to have boon particularly troubled, the only objection to tho place being its disfawed froiii the occupied part of tho house. I first saw my ghost whon I began tcinquire into his story. I did not do jliis vory early in my visit. It is truo I asked Dolly about it soon after my arrival, but sho knew nothing, and tlion there woro so many other things to think of, than I forgot to seok further particulars, till one evening at dinner my neighbour began a ghost conversation. Of course, this reminded mo of my haunted chamber; and I applied to the genoral public for information. Unfortunately, I could not got much. All I could gather was that for nearly eighty yoars the room was supposed to liavo boon occasionally visited moro by mysterious noises and wandering lights than anything elso ; even tlieso had coasod entirely for a long time. Tho date whon tho haunting began was at tho death of Dolly's groat great grandmother, when also a very valuable diamond necklace disappeared ; some shadowy tradition con nected theso facts in a tangled way. I was very interested, of course, and asked heaps of questions, among otherB whether they had saarclied my room for tho neck lace. ' Oh, yes ; thoy have turned the whole house out of window one time and another,' Mr Vanborougli said. ' For my part, I don't altogether believe in that necklace. I have a fancy that it was privately sold, and its ignominious end concealed by this story.' I do not think Mr Derrick agreed 'with his father, and Dolly would have nothing to do with so unromantic a conclusion. Slie^ and tho younger guests agreed to institute a search the next day. Of course nothing came of it. If you had seen them looking you would not have wondored. Anything more utterly unsystematic I cannot imagine. The search itself was in no way important. It was the night after that my experiences of haunted rooms began. I had been asleep some time when some \- slight noise woke me ; I am a light sleeper and ^ the least thing rouses me. I was looking drowsily round, as one doo3 on first waking me up at onco. Tho firo was out and, except for a littlo moonlight, tho room was very dark. Plainly, in the patch of light, I saw, betweon two planks of the floor, which was polished and only furnished on the matoasis principle, tho fingers of a hand. I was simply petrified with horror at the sight and lay bathed in cold perspiration staring at it, too fright oned to scream or move. As I, fascinated, watched.it, I saw it creep along tho odgo of the board for tho apace of a foot or moroj then, aB its progrosB was towards tho bed, I gathered together all tho littlo courage I had and gasped, ' Go away, do go away.' And as if it had heard mo, the hand went creeping back again and vanishod ! It was long bofore I slept again, but at last I did, and with tho return of daylight I had a roturn of courage. Iu fact, by morning, so brave 4iad I become that I examined tho crafft botweon the two boards where the ghost hand had ap peared. To my great surprise I discovered that by forcing it a little way and pushing with a strong comb, I was ablo to slide ono plank back a couple of inchos. Through the aperture thus made I could soo nothing owing to tho darkness, but by tying a pocket-knife to a piece of string aud using it as a plummet, I found the distanco below was considerable. Tho old library, tho room under rnino, wbs very low, I knew therefore it was easy to imagine there might bo some sort of hiding liolo betwoon tho floor of tho one room and tho ceiling of the other. I questioned Dolly about it when I saw her alone alter breakfast, but she know nothing ; I -wished to keep my adventuro to myself, so I was not vory explicit, I am afraid. In spito of my intentions of secrecy, there was ono porsou who found mo out, and that was Mr Derrick. Quite how ho did it I do not know ; he guessed part and compelled me to toll him' the rest. Of course, he wanted me to give up my room in consequence, and, of couise, I ' would not. We both bohavod rather quoerly about it, I fancy, for when I flatly declined to sloop anywhere else (which I did partly from obstinacy and partly from fair of being laughed at), ho asked mo to do so * for his sake 1' And I in return begged him to allow mo to koop my room ono more night. After somo hesitation ho couBonted to do bo on condition that I would leave my door unfastened. I went to dress for dinner oarly that night, and took upstairs with mo aonio long tacks. With thoso, ustag tlie liool of slippor as a hammer, I fastened tho big gest mat iu the room over the sliding board. Then I had a thorough hunt in all tho likely and unlikely places I could think of for tlio necklace, which, needlosa to say, 1 did not find. During dinner, however, 1 found something elso — a hand ver^ liko my ghost hand 1 Thoro is a wondoriul lot of diffuronco in hands; my ghost hand, which was naturally vory clearly impressed ou my mind, had short lingers full of littlo creases and vory knobby joints. I noticed, when hu was pouring out some shorry for mo, that Buncol, the butler had a wonderfully Bimilar hand. This interested mo vory much, and I sot to work to find out all I could about tho tho man. I learned that ho was a most worthy poison, and had served tho Van borougli family from boyhood, as his father had before him. ludood, the latter had boon iu tlioir Borvico at tho time of the disappearance of tho nocklaco. I did not toll anyone about tlio hand coincident ; I thought it best, bocauBo, you see, thoro really waa very littlo to go iijjou ; all tho uamu 1 could not help think ing* about it in a raa' y foolish fashion that, night. 'What with that aud specu lating about Mr. Derrick's behaviour, whicn had been most perplexing, I found when, having looked under tho bed, I got inside it, that it was quite impossible to sleop. I kept looking from tlio mat covered board to tho unlockod door, and thou back to the board again, and thinking and thinking of— oji, lots of things, till it became quite droadful. At last, unable to stand tho strain any longor, I got up and wont to tho fireplace, and stood staring at tho now low and smouldoring firo. The room was quite warm, and my dressing, gown was beyond that horrid sliding uoiird in a dark corner, and I am ashamed to confest I had not tho courage to fotch it. ^ The firo, as I said, was getting low, and, and, as I had no fancy for being left in tho dark by its expiring altoirothor. I turned to got some wood to ropionish it. As I stooped I loaned one hand against the woodwork of a panol by tho mantel piece for support. Suddenly it gavo way beneath tho pressure, and I nearly lost my balance and quito lost ray nerve in conse quence. Hastily withdrawing my hand, I poked up the fire, and, still shaking a little, proceeded to examine my new dis covery, of course brimming over with the idea of finding tho necklace. Tho aperture so unexpectedly revoalod looked lika a small cupboard, and was not mora than twelve or fourteen inches any way ; it was, moreover, quito dovoid of interest, and absolutely empty. I had como to this con clusion — it did not take long to do so, soe ing that it could be discovered at a glanco when another idea occurrod to me. Supposing this secret cupboard was only tho ante- chamber, that it contained, hid den in it, tho ontranco to another ? Such a thing seomed possible — indoed, nothing seemed impossible in my surprising room, especially at that bour of night. Accord ingly- I felt and poked all round tho small place, not forgetting to koop au oye on that nailed mat. All at once, somothing clicked, gava — and then there was a thud — a snap— and tho spring had closed again as. suddenly as it had opened- But it had ieft some thing outsido, something that had fallen down when it had opened — what was it ? I turned to tho firelight, with a mad excitement shaking mo all over. No ! Yes, it was- — it was really the lost neck lace ! There it was, folded in paper, lost for years, but glimmering, glowitag in tho firelight like drops of crystallised light ! And I, spollbound, held it, admiring it as only a woman can admire diamonds, oblivious alike of door and board. And then suddenly a hand was placed over my mouth, a weight wag flung on me from behind, and tho next instant the necklace lay a pool of light on tho floor, and I waa locked in deadly combat. I am strong, vory strong — girls are nowa days and I am stronger than most, and though I was taken unawares, I was no mean adversary for my unknown foe, hampered as ho was by long white draperios suitable to his rolo of ghost. I am afraid, unwomanly as it may seem, I doarly love a tussle, not quite such an earnest one as that was ; though I some how knew then that it was a mattor of life and doath wo were fighting out as wo rolled over and over on the polished floor. A matter of life and death to ba fought and fought alone, for my own room was so far romoved from the rest of the house hold that I might oven thon have been murdered without thoir knowledge. 'Was I' so far removed from everyono ? How was it, then, that tho door flow open, and a man rushed in, and, divining by in stinct botweon the two struggling figures, dealt the ghost such a blow, reducing him to silence? How waa it, and who was it P Why, Derrick ! Yes, Derrick, who had watched all night in tho next room, the old disused picture room, and who stood with palo faco and trembling hands, all fearful for me ; Der rick, who jjicked up the necklace and hung it round my neck, and vowed no ono should wear it but mo ; Derrick, who gathered mo in his arms, and then apolo gised, and then asked mo if ho might, and — oh ! I can't toll any more ! Just a word about Mr Buncoll, though. It appears his fathor had stolon tho neck lace and hidden it until he could find a convenient opportunity for soiling it. The opportunity nover came, and owiug to his sudden death, the exact whereabouts of hiding-place was nover known. His son, who had spent much time looking for it unsuccessfully, boliovod it to be hidden somewhoro in my room. Whon he saw the unexpected publicity givon to the story, and the onorgetic search made for tho necklace, ho felt ho must take desperate measures, and carry on tho hunt himself; and, as lio was unable to go to the room in the day without causing remark, ho deter mined to do so at night. If by so doing ho frightened me into giving up the room, lio would no doubt have been very ploased, as he would have had tho coast cloar. The space between the library and my room and tho sliding-board, which was ono of tho two ways into it, had been made during a time of roligious persecution, it was boliovod, but its exact history waB nevor known. The secret cupboard and its hidden spring woro probably con structed byBuncell's fathor, who was well versed in tho ways of locks and springs. Thero is really nothing more to tell, oxcopt that no ouo has ever worn the nock laco but mo. Mrs Vanborougli says sho is too old for such things, and Mr Van borough says it becomes his sou's wife, ospeecially as she found it, and Derrick says— well, lots of things.— U. L. Sil BERKAD. 