THE BEMOH. , Tt is, I confess, with considerable reluct SScellmt ^ a pleach the strange uariatTve \yi;icli I aiu about to relate. Thecvcuts which I purpose detailing are of so extra ordinary a character that I am quite pre pared to meet with an unusual amount of incredulity ;and ajorn. I accept?all;%uch be forehand. : I live on a quiet stroct in New YorS. xne houso is io some respects a curious one. It , has' enjoyed for the last two years the repu tation .of being haunted, II is a large and stately residence, surrounded . by what was once a garden, but which is now only a green enclosure used for bleaching clothes. The dry basin of what has been a fountain, and a few fruit-trees, ragged and unpruned, indicate that this spot in past days was a pleasant, shady retreat, filled with fruits, and fiowere, and the sweet murmur of waters. The house is very spacious. A hall of noble size leads to a large spiral staircase, winding through its centre, while the various apartments are of . imposing dimensions.' It was built some fifteen or twenty years since, by a well-known 2few York- merchant, who, five years ago, threw the commercial world into convulsions by a stupendous bank fraud. Ho escaped' to Hurope. and dieJ not Jong after of a broken heart. Almost imme diately after the news of his decease reached lliis country and . was verified, the report spread in tho neighbourhood that the house wm haunted. Legal measures hid dis possessed the widow of its former owner, and it was inhabited merely by a care-taker ai:d his wife, placed there by the house agent into whose hands it had passed for purposes of renting or sale These people declared Ll:nt they were troubled with unnatural noises. Doors were opened without any visible agency. Tho remnants of furniture scattered through the various rooms were, rturing the night, piled one upon the other by unknown hands. Invisible feet passed up and down the stairs in broad daylight, accoirtpanicd by the rustle of unseen silk dresses and the gliding of viewless hands along the massive balusters. The caretaker ami his wife declared they would live there no longer. The house agent laughed, dis missed them, and put ethers in their place. The noises and supernatural manifestations continued. The neighbourhood caught up the- story, and the house remained un tenanted for three years. Several persons negotiated for it; but somehow always he fore the barjjain was closed they heard the un pleasant rumours, and declined to treat any further. It was in this state of things that our land lady. who wished to remove further up-town. conceived the bold idea of renting this ho nse Happening to have rather a plucky and philosophical set of boarders, she laid her scheme before us, stating candidly every thing she had heard respecting the ghostly qualities of the establishment to which she wished to remove us. With the exception of two timid persons— a sea captain and a returned Califorhian, who immediately gave notice that ihey would leave — all of Mrs. Moffat's guests declared that they would accompany her in her chivalric incursion into the abode of spirits. Of course we had no sooner established ourselves than we began to expect the ghosts. 'We absolutely awaited their advent witli eagerness. Our dinner conversation was supernatural. One of the boarders, who had purchased Mrs. Crowe's ' Night Side of Nature ' for his own private delectation, was regarded as a public enemy by the entire household for not having bought twenty copies. The man led a life of supreme wretchedness while he was reading this volume. A system of espionage was estab lished of which he was the victim. If he incautiously laid the book down an instant and left the room, it was immediately seized and read aloud to a select few. I found myclf a person of immense importance it having leaked out that I was tolerably well versed in the history of sunematuralism, and had once written a story the foundation of which was a ghost. If a table or a wainscot panel happened to warp when we were assembled in the large drawing-room, there was an instant silchcC. ' and everyone was prepared for an immediate clanking of chains and a spectial form. Thing's were in this state when an incident took place so awful and inexplicable in its character that my reason fairly reels at the bare memory 'if the occurrence. It was the tenth ot- July. After dinner was over I re paired, with my friend Dr. Hammond, to my rooms to take our evening pipe. Independent of certain mental sympathies which existed between the doctor and myself, we were linked together by a vice— we both smoked opium. We knew each other's secret and respected it. We enjoyed together that wonderful expansion of 'thought, that mar vellous' intensifying of the perceptive facul ties, that boundless feeling of existence when one seems to have points of contact with the whole universe — in short, that unimaginable spiritual bliss which I would not surrender for a throne, and which I hope you, 'reader, will never, never taste. Those hours of opium happiness which the doctor and I sptnt together in secret were -regulated with -a .scientific accuracy. We did not .blindly Bfnoke the drug of paradise, and leave our dreams to chance. While smoking, we carenillyfctliered^ ^our conversation through the brightest and calmest channels of thought. We talked of the Fast, and endeavoured to recall the magical panorama of its glowing scenery. We criticised the most sensuous poets — those who painted life ruddy with health, brimming with passion, happy in the possession of youth, and strength, and beauty. If we talked of Shakespeare's ' Tempest,' we lingered oyer Artel, and avoided Caliban. This skilful .eolouriog- of our train of thought produced in our subsequent visions a corresponding tone The splendours of Arabian fairy-land dyed our dreams. Houses, walls, and streets melted likeTain-clouds.and vistas or unimaginable glory stretched away before us. It was a rapturous companionship. Wc enjoyed the vast delight more perfectly. because,even in our most ecstatic moments, we were conscious of each other's presence. Our pleasures, while individual, were still twin, vibrating and moving in musical accord. On the evening in question, the tenth of J uly, tbe doctor and myself drifted into an unusually metaphysical mood. We prepared and lit our pipes, filled with the bubble of opium that, like the nut in the fairy tale, held within its narrow limits wonders beyond .the reach of kings. But a strange perversity dominated the currents of .our thoughts. They would not flow through the sun-lit channels into which we strove to divert them. Insensibly we yielded to the occult force that swayed us, and indulged in gloomy specula tion. W e had talked some time upon the proneness of the human mind to mysticism, and the almost universal love of the terrible, when Hammond suddenly said tome: 'What do yon consider to be the greatest element of terror?'* The question puzsled me That many things were terrible, I knew. Stumbling over a corpse in the dark; beholding, as I once \- did, a woman floating down a deep and rapid . river, with wildly lifted arms, .1 and awful, upturned face, uttering, as she drifted, shrieks that rent one's heart,- while wc, the spectators, stood frozen at a window 'which overhung theviVer fct a height of sixty fret unable to make the slightest effort to 'hef,'' Inii dnuibly wa tching ^ Her last inipi nar agony and her' disappearance. A shattered wreck, with' no fifa visible, encountered fioatingliadessly on the ocean.is a terrible object, for it suggests a huge terror, the pro portions of which rare veiled. But it now «truck me for the first time that there must \- be one great and ruling «mbodimejit of fear ^ Kl^.bf Tea-rOrs to which' all bthers must euccumb. .' To What. J trwii of fciroumstanccs '. . w£iri-I ijt'qj^e iti £ngtob'-^y'.^ n' j. ' I confess, ^^ai|4monti, , ' I ' nplied to my j friend, '* I never conaidared the subject be before. That there muet be one— something i more terrible than Any other thing, I f eeL I cannot attempt, however, even the most VBgucdefinlttOn.' ? : ???---« 'Iain something like you, Harry,' he «N£&dfyto;'toitperiefice ia faerfa! tod vpnitntd utudguutioD feftbwto aUDPOeed incompatible eleaeaU. The calling of the voii-es in JJrockden Ijrown's novel of * Wiela : ! ' is awfoi; so is tiie picture of the D-.vcller on ^the Threshold, in Bulwcr's * Zanoni but,* he added.'fehaking his head, gloomily, there is something more horril-lc th;m thesfc.',' ' Lot fe here, Hammond, ' ' I rejoined, ' let us drop this kind of. t»:k, for heaven 's sake. Wo shall suffer for it, depend upon it. ' 'Veil, good-night, Harry. Pleasant dreams to you.'- ' ' To you, gloomy wretch, afreets* ghouls, and enchanters.' We parted, and each sought his respective chamber. I undressed quickly and got into bed, taking with me, accoiding to my usual custom, a book, over which I generally read myself to sleep. I opened the volume as soon as I bad laid my head upon tlie pillow, and instantly flung it to the other side of tho room. It was Goudon's ' History of Mon sters,' a cut ious French work, which I had lately received from Paris, but which, in tho state of mind I had then reached, was any thing but an agreeable companion. I resolved to go to sleep at once; so turning down my gas nntil nothing but a little blue point of light glimmered on the top of the tube, I composed myself to rest. The room was in total darkness. The atom of gas that still remained alight did not illuminate a distance of three inches around the burner. I . desperately drew my arm across my eyes, as if to shut cut, even the. darkness, and tried to think of nothing. It was in vain. The themes touched on by Hammond kept obtruding themselves on my brain. I battled against them. I erected ramparts of would-be blankncss of intellect to keep them out. They still crowded upon me. While I was lying still as a corpse, hoping that by a perfcct physical inaction I should hasten mental re pose, an awful incident occurred. A. Some thing dropped, as it seemed, from the ceiling upon my chest, and the next instant I felt two bony hands encircling my throat endeavour ing to choke me. I am no coward,' and am possessed of con siderable physical strength. The Fuddenness of the attack, instead of stunning me. strung every nerve to its highest tension.- My body acted npon instinct bsfore my brain had timo to realise the terrors of my position. In an instant I wound two muscular arms around the creature, and squeezed it, with all the, strength of despair, against my chest. -In a few seconds the bony hands that had fast ened on' my throat loosened their hold, and I was free to breathe once more. Then com menced a struggle of awful intensity. Im racrstd in the mtst profound darkness, tot ally ignorant of the nature of tbe Thing by which I - was so . suddenly attacked, finding my grasp slipping every mument,bv reason, it seemed to me. of the entire nakedness of my assailant,' bitten with sharp teeth in the shoulder, neck, and chest, 'having every moment to protect my throat against a pair of sinewy, agile hands, which my utmost efforts couid not confine — these were a com bination of circumstances to combat- which required all the strength, skill, and courage that I possessed. At last, after a silent, deadly, exhausting struggle, I got my assailant under hy a series of incredible efforts of strength. Once pinned, with mv knee on what I made out to be its chest, I knew that I was victor. I rested for a moment to breathe. I heard the creature beneath me panting in the darkness, and I felt the violent throbbing of a heart. -It was apparently as exhausted as I was; that was one comfort. At this moment I remem bered that I usually placed under my pillow, before going to bed, a large, yellow, silk pocket-handkerchief. I felt for it instantly; it was there. In a few seconds more I had, after a fashion, pinioned the creature's :irms. I now felt tolerably secure. There was nothing more to be done but to turn on the gas, and having first seen what my midnight assailant was like, aiouse the household. I will confess to being actuated by a certain pride in not giving the alarm before; I wished to make the capture alone and un aided. ? Never losing my hold for an in stant. I slipped frcm the bed to the floor, dragging my captive with me. I had but a few steps to reach the gas-burner: these I made with the greatest caution, holding the creature in a grip like a vice. At last I got within arms length of the tiny speck of blue light which told me ivhere the gas-burner was. Quick as light ning I released my grip with one hand, and let on the full flood of light. Then I turned to look at my captive I can not even attempt to give any defini tion of my sensations tbe instant after I turned on the gas. I suppose I must have shrieked with terror, for in less than a Tiiinute afterward the room was crowded with the inmates of the house. I shudder now as I think of that awful moment. I saw nothing ! Yes; I had one arm firmly clasped round a breathing, panting, coiporeal shape; my other hand gripped with all its strength a throat as apparently fleshy as my own; and yet. with this living substance in my grasp, with its body pressed against my own, and in all the bright glare of gas, I absolutely beheld nothing. Not even an outline — a vapor. It breathed. I felt its breath upon my eheek. It struggle! fiercely. It had hands They clutched me. Its skin was smooth like my own. There it Jay, pressed close up against me, solid as stone, and yet ntteriy invisible. Just then Hammond entered my room at the head of the household.- A6 soon as he beheld my face— which, I suppose, must ha e been an awful sight to look at — he hastened forward, crying: ' Great heavens, Harry, what has happened ?' ' Hammond ! Hammond !' I cried, ' come here. Oh, this is awful. I have been at tacked in bed by something or other, whicn I have hold of; but I can't see it; I can't see it!' Hammond, donbtless struck by the horror expressed in my countenance, made one or two steps forward with an anxious yet puzzled expression. A very audible titter burst from the remainder of my visitors. This suppressed laughter made me furious. So great was my rage against the mocking crowd that had I the power I would . have stricken them dead where they stood:. ? 'Hammond! Hammond!' I cried again, despairingly, ' for God's sake come to,*ne. I can hold the Thing but a short wfiile longer. It is overpowering me. Help me! help mo!' 'Harry, ' ' whisperedHammond. apnroaoh i np me, 'you have been smoking too much opium.' *' I swear to yon, Hammond, that it is no vision,' I answered, in the same low tone. ' Don't you see how it shakes my whole frame with its struggles I If you don't believe me, convince yourself, Feel it: touch it.' Hammond advanced, and laid his hand on the spot I indicated. A wild cry of horror bunt from him. He had felt it 1 . a moment he had discovered somewhere in my ioom a long piece of cord, and was the next instant winding it and knotting it about the body of the unseen being that I clasped in my arms. ' Harry, ' he said, in a hoarse voice — for though he preserved his presence of miod, he 'was 'deeply agitated — ' Harry, it's all safe no w; you may let go if you are tired. The Thing can't move.' I was utterly exhausted, and I gladly loosed my hold. Hammond stood holding the ends of the cord that bound the Invisible, twisted round his hand, while before him, eelf supporting, as it were, was a rope laced and interlaced, and stretching tightly aroond a Vacant space. The confusion which ensned 'among the guests of the house who were witnesses of this extraordinary scene between Hammond and myself— wfa0 beheld the pantomime of binding this struggling Something — ' who beheld me almost sinking from phyeioal wausUonwheiiniy taek --t jailor itm ovec^ the confusion and terror that took posses si on of the by-standers when.thcy eawall ttufewas; beyond description. The weaker TOes^frMn the^srtnient. Ihe few who i-emwned clustered «mw th^-W aod could not be induced to approaeb jUammond aud S8 , BtiU ia-*edulity hrpke ont their terror,. Thsy haA &ottlw; courage thfltosolTea, ysttiiev doubted. 1 gave a sign to Hammond, au-r both of us — conquering our fearful repugn ance to touch the invisible creature— lifted it fiom the ground, manacled as it was, and took it to my bed. Its weight was about that of a boy of fourteen. ' Now, my friends,' I said, as Hammond and myself held the creature suspended over the bed, ' I can give you self-evident proof that here is a solid, ponderable body, which, j nevertheless, you can se-\ Be good enough to watch the surface of tl.-j. bed attentively.' The eyes of the by- standere were imme diately fixed on the bed. At a given signal Hammond and I let the creature fall. There | was a dull sound, as of a heavy body alighting ! on a soft mass. Tlie bed creaked. A deep impression marked itself distinctly on the pillow and on the bed itself. The crowd who witnessed this gave a low cry, and rushed from the room. Hammond and I were alons with onr mystery. 1 We remained silent for some time, listening to the low, irregular breathing of the creature, on the bed, aod watching the rustle of the bed-clothes as it impotently struggled to free itself from confinement. Then Ham i oiond spok6: .» j^et ns reason a little, Harry. Here is a solid body which we touch, but which we can not see. The fact is so onusnal that it strikes US With terror. Is there no parallel, though, for such a phenomenon? Take a piecc of pure glass. It is tangible and transparent. A certain chemical coarseness is all that prevents its being so entirely transparent as to be totally invisible. It is not theoretically impossible, mind you. to make a glass so pure and homogeneous in its atoms that tbe rays from the sun will pass through it as they do through the air, re fracted but not reflected- We do not see the air, and yet we feel it. ' That's all very well, Hammond, but these ore inanimate substances. Glass does not breathe; air does not breathe. This thing has a heart that palpitates— a will that i moves it— lungs that play, and inspire and re spire.' Hammond shook his head and was silent. We watched together, smoking many pipes, all night long by the bedside of the nnoartlily ! being that tossed and panted until it was apparently wearied out. Then we learned by the low, regular breathing that it slept. The next morning the house was all astir. The boarders congregated on the landing out side my room, and Hammond and myself were Hons. We had to answer a thousand questions as to the state of our exti-aordicary pi isoner, for as yet not one person in the house except oourselves could be induced to set foot in the apartmeDt The creature was awake. This was evi denced by the convulsive manner in which the bedelothes wcro moved in its efforts to escape. There was something truly terrible in beholding, as it were, these struggles for Iiberty which yet were invisible Hammond and myself had racked onr brains during the night to discover some means by which we might realize the shape and general appearance of tlie. Enigma. As well as we could make out, by passing our hands over the creature's form, its outlines and lineaments were human. There was a mouth: a round, smooth head without hair: a nose which, however, was little elevated above tbe cheeks; and its hands and feet felt like those of a boy. At first we thought of placing the Being on a smooth surface and tracing its outline with chalk, as shoemakers tracc the outline of a foot. This plan was given up as of no value Such an outline would not give the slightest i-!ca of its con formation. A happy thought struck me. We would take a cast of it in plaster. This would give us the solid figure, and satisfy ail our wishes. But how to do it? The movements of the crcature would disturb the setting of the plastic covering, and distort the mould. Another thought. Why not give it chloro form? It bad respiratory organs — that was evident by its breathing. Once reduced to a state of insensibility, we could do with it what we would. A doctor was sent for, and after the physician had recovered from the first shock of amazement he proceeded to administer the chloroform. In three minutes afterward we were enabled to remove the fetters from the creature's body, and a modeller was busily engaged in covering the invisible form with the moist clay. In five minutes more we had a mould, and before evening a rough fac-simile of the mystery. It was shaped like a man — distorted. uncouth, and horrible, but still a man It was small. ' not- over four fret and some inches in height, and its limbs revealed a muscular develop ment that was unparalleled. Its face sur passed in hideousness anything 1 had ever seen. Gustave Dore never conceived any thing so horrible. It was the physiognomy of what I should fancy a ghoul might be. It looked as if it was capable of feeding on human fiesh. Having satisfied our curiosity, and bound every one in the house to secrecy, it became a quest-ion what was to be done with our Enigma? It was impossible that we should keep such a horror in the house; it was equally impossible that such an awful being should be let loose upon the world. I confess that I would have gladly voted for the cieature's destruction. But who would shonlder the responsibility? Who would undertake the execution of this horrible semblance of a human being? The most singular part of tbe afiair was that we were entirely ignorant of what the creature habitually fed on. Everything in ths way of nutriment that we could think of was placed before it, but was never touched. It was awful to stand by, day after day, and see the clothes toss, and hear the hard breath ins. and know that it was dvinr. Ten, twelve days, a fortnight passed, and it. still _ lived. The pulsations of the heart, however, were daily growing fainter, aod had now nearly ceased It was evident that the creature was dying for want of sustenance^ I While this terrible life struggle was going on I felt miserable. I could not sleep. Horrible as the creatine waa, it was pitful to think of the pangs it was suffering. At last it died. Hammond and 1 found it cold and stiff one morning in the bed. The heart had ceased to beat, the lungs to inspire. We hastened to bury it in the garden. It was a strange funeral, the dropping of that viewless corpse into the damp hole. The cast ol its form Hammond has still. As t am on the eve of a long journey, from which I may- not return, I have drawn np this narrative of an event the most singular that has eror come to my knowledge. — Fita James O'Brien in the ' Argonaut ' 