1 1 MINING WEEKLY DIARY AND DEVELOPMENT NOTES The feature of the week has been returns — those from sulphide plants. According to the casual critic, one would think that the sulphide treatment was an awful problem. and .that . failure was writ large in the handling of the ore. To a certain extent this view is a correct one, but only in a measure. The actual problem of sulphide treatment no longer exists. There are difficulties to be fac"d, but these arise in the application of a perfect policv in rerard to small parcels, -and large ones to mechanical and j workmanship defects. : The plants were all rushed- through. There was no discrimination between a 50-ton plant and one four . times its size, hence when the sang-une ex? pectations of the manager were put to the test, the result was the same as if some one more or less unac quainted with the" work had erected a fourteen-story factory or laid down a newspaper, and expected the busi ness and general organisation to be complete from the start. The mistake made in all cases of disappointment has been the .lack of co-operative effort the petty jealousies of ignorant metallurgists, the saguineness noted, an I the in competence of the labor employed. Without speaking in a derogatory fashion of the individuals person ally, it must be said thrt the standard of labor on the fields is of the lowest. It is easily understood in that there is a demand for skilled men in other parts, also that the wages are n>t good enough to attract the most skil ful class of mechanic or engineer. Thus it is that the failure of the Associated is attributed. Here the erection of a monstrous pile of masonry and machinery has been almost a scandal. It has not worked properly since the day it started. The Boulder plant was rushed along when, to tffe uninitiated, it was easily apparent that many parts were so .light that they would not stand miicn work. These are now being replaced, and others will have to follow suit. In the Perseverance there is too much strain placed upon the, main power gear, and not enough provi sion made for disconnecting any separate treatment, operation, or stoppagfe in any part, thus meaning a complete block. . The Lake View Consols plant failure was evidently the result of sheer macquaintance with the methods involved, for the expert from Swansea put the rubbles and general, plant to rights in a very short while. Everyone will remember the awful mess made of the trial runs. Well the ore got into the vats despite all. pre vious warnings, without agitation, and set as hard as a rock. The features of bad designing or mechanical defects continue in the general handling, for no gang of men can he drilled into what after all requires some knowledge in handling at a month's notice. Finally, there is the question of- cyanidation. There seems to he such wide costs recorded on the fields and on the Bonlder mile that either some one must be telling, fairies or the ability on several mines must be in classes far apart. Here again comes the foolish, worst evidence of incompetency in the concealment of costs at the various plants. Instead of matters being studied over and every effort made to stimulate inquiry into defects, or a spirit of esprit de corps encouraged by the. publication of details, a good many of those en gaged are chiefly employed in criticising one another. The sulphide question is being made into a problem by the want of brains, and nothing else. Let there be no mistake on this point. The defects will be overcome, but in the meanwhile confidence is being shaken and the field passing through a had time. The returns of the month have been better as a whole than antici pated. The principal ones show as follow : — Sep. Oct. In- Outp't Outp't crease Golden Horseshoe ... 14941 15253 312 Great Boulder ... 10720 U8'l6 1086 Tyanhoe 8409 8034 — Brownhill 6577 6749 132 Associated 2360 2374 14 Kaleurli 2060 1930 — Boulder Main Reef ... 2185 2171 — South Kalgurli ... 1310 935 — Lake View 5512 5469 — Perseverance 6015 6798 783 Total 61072 61479 407 The decreases show 1137oz. against increases 2327oz., and to this has to be added the smelting returns from the Associated Northern? and the Main Reef. If all the other fields did a s w«dl there should be a good lift on last month's total xport. The Boulder Peserverance forget a detail in this return that made the one feature of its announce- ment, the extraction. The average of U'idei an ounce is quite outside the mark, and the manager might well have told the public that either the grade of the ore put through was low or. that the cyanidation had gone bung. One or the other lhuSC be the case. One critic has put forward an ingenious excuse for low averages in that it pays- better to save 85 per cent, thaii 95 per cent. This is all very well, but on the same principle if followed out it will be claimed by th« s;ne! in<? peop'e ttiafc the in creased extraction gained by them will be more than balanced by the cost, and so there will be nothing left to treat on the fields. An interesting set of figures has been adduced as to what, the Per severance might do. In these in creased extraction bears a good part of the future prospects of profit. This, month yields a profit of some thing like £5000.. Future profits are placed in the notes referred to as folio wb : — The furnaces treating up to their .capacity of 6250 tons per month, at a 30$ wt. average, with 87 per cent, extraction, therd would be a yield of 8I5Goz. 5dwt., worth, at £3 17s. 6d. per ounce, £31,770. With treatment at £2 10s., the costs per montii would be £14,265, le ving a margin- of £15,905 per month. Per annum, at this rate, . the income would be £190.860, or just uuder 22s. per share, or 10 per cent, on £11. An improvement <>f 10s. on costs would mean £37,500 per annum on this tonnage, while this, with an improvement in ex traction to 95 per cent., would mean an increase of something like £70,000, making the dividend pros pects 30-., or 10 per cent, on £15. The Boulder Main Reef, to which attention has been called in this column rather, frequently of late, has been opening up wonderfully during the week. The rich ore met in the drive has been surpassed by that found in ;the winze, ,apd/ all indications point to a rich time when the shaft goes down and development starts at the 800ft. The lode has lengthened 70ft. as the deeper ground has been opened, so that prospects are particularly bright. An interesting experiment will be on hand later, when the Edwards furnace will be running alongside, and costs may he com pared with those of the shaft variety. The Main Reef is getting gold out of the sulphide all right, for its yield has hardly varied. Costs are coining down into the bargain. There have been some legends floating round as to the Brownhill, but not sufficiently substantial to place too much reliance on. There is some mention of a vein at the lowest level, and of a decided im provement in the True Blue. The latter is not given much credence to. This is all the more noticeable as the Paringa next door has practi cally given up the ghost. This is a decided loss to the cable companies, for the Paringa cable hummer, brought agood deal of grist to the mill. . The small frv have evidently come to a desperate condition, for the call on capital is most notice able this month. The Brownhill Extended is almost a silent concern, and directors might give some idea of what their intentions are. Perhaps instead of looking out for an amalgamation with the Brownhill they are seeking a mortgage on the latter's plant if not on the property itself. The Associated is still closed to visitors, but general reports speak of a good improvement. The mine was never so bad as it was painted, and if directors would only do their duty by shareholders there would be a much better front put on prospects. Northerns have been showing some good ore, but it wants some thing sensational from this show to wake public attention. If the lodes junction as anticipated, there should be a subject fbr conversation a little later on. South Kalgurli plant is in work again, and going smoothly. Mine work proceeds on solid lines below the 600ft. Beyond this there is nothing to report. The Kalgurli is putting in a new compressor. It is hoped the trial run will not result, like the last one, in a bust up. Prospects of the Lake Yiew about the 700fr. level are still very in different. No one is allowed down, so nothing much can he said of what the ore looks like, though the speci mens secured are not impressive. It would like to be known why the line of rich chute has not been fol lowed more closely. This should he picked up some time or other. The purchase of the battery for ' the Hainault has depreciated the value of the property considerably. . Shareholders begin to ask who is responsible for this latest freak. There are no more changes to report in Ivanhoe management, but these are expected shortly. The new directors are too heavily in terested to see that the '-mine is allowed to drift in any way, what ever they may do about output or plant. / The eastern belt is resting awhile. From the Boulder Consols to tlje Brownhill Extended there is no thing doing worth noting. The Oroya is now the main hope of this part of the field. There should he something known of northern block prospects before Christmas. 