Presbyterian Centenary Tfiaqks- J giving Fiind. w VISIT OF THE REV. JOHN WALKER. At the end of last week the Rev. John Walker, of Woollahra, Commissioner from the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales, arrived in Kempsey on behalf of the Centenary Thanksgiving Fund. Our Presbyterian friends propose to raise the sum of 100,000 guineas for. the purpose of clearing off the debts on the various church funds and also to extend the work of the church throughout the colony. Mr. Walker's visit extended from Friday of last week until yesterday, when he left for the Nambucca. Judging from the powerful impression created by the Rev. John Walker, the General Assembly could have chosen no better man to orgunise this great move ment. He is a splendid orutor, an ira- pressivo preacher and u close reasoner, and the general opinion expressed by ull who had the pleasure of hearing liim is that he is one of the most finished speakers that has ever visited this part of the colony. We might also state that the rev. gentleman comes of the good old Scottish stock, lie being a great great grandson of James Watt, the celebrated inventor, and a nephew of Professor Stuart Blaikie. The Rev. John Walker was welcomed at a reception meeting held in the Sniilh- 'Btreet Presbyterian Church on Friday evening of last week. The building was crowded, and the chair was occupied by the Rev. John Taylor, who, in a short speech introduced the visitor. The Rev. John Walker said he had many things, to say but the main difficulty was to get the people wakened up to realise that something great was going on. It waB difficult to get their people out of the rut, of thinking that the.v were doing ub a church well enough. But a vast amount of work had still to be done which had not been touched. Tiie Presbyterian church Was a large one, and could not be called a dissenting church, as it was establised in Scotland, as the Episcopal church was established in England. They did not need to bo asliained of their Presbyterian- ism, nor could they be too proud of it that they belonged to a great historic church. Briefly if was the church of the New Testament, though they iiad never said that tliey were right and that all the rest were wrong. All that they said was that their church was based on the teaching of Christ and His Apostles. It was the church of the Reformation, and they could say this without being accused of narrow ness. When the great wave of the Re formation swept over Europe, every national church in Europe adopted the Presbyterian form government except orie, that of the Church of England. The Rev. gentleman then gave an interest ing history of Presbyterianism, and said the rights and liberties they now enjoyed had been purchased by the blood of their forefathers. Presbyterians should never forget these things, though at the same time they, while loyal to their own church, should not be discourteous to other de nominations. He said tliey were approach ing an important epoch in their history, as the end of the century was near, which had beeu a wonderful century of Christian progress, hut the new century was likely 'to: be a still more wonderful one. They' \vere hastening to a time when the forces of good and evil would come into collision for supremacy. Their people came of a stock that did not like to he beaten, and be believed that the tendency hud been placed in them by the Most High, so that the Christian Church should not be beaten in. its coufliet with evil, but that the forces of evil should be . beaten buck. They appealed to the church not merely for money, but sought for a baptism of the Holy Ghost, so that there might bo a quickening of the spiritual life. They wanted all to feel that Christ Iiad com mitted his affairs into men's hands. They called upon them to be more in prayer and more personally devoted, and be declined to believe that their Presbyterian people would give themselves to prayer, without giving also the money to carry on Christ's work. 100,000 guineas was thought u great deal of money by .some people, but. even if that sum were doubled,, it would not enrich the church, but only place it in a position, to supply its wants and its machinery, and it could not he supplied . without a united effort. The speaker then . referred to the various objects for which the fund would be utilised, viz , clearing off the debts on the Assembly Funds, en dowing unothcr professorial chair in the Presbyterian 'College, a capital fund to meet the working expenses of the church offices'. in Sydney, ' purt of the contribu tions could also be applied to local objects, such as church and manse buildings and repairs. He appealed to all to take part in such a noble endeavor on behalf of their church. During the evening the choir . sang several anthems in good style, Misses Lane and Crerar gave the duet "Sea of Glass," Mr. Crossman sang " In happy moments " and Miss Crerar sang " The Pilgrim." Refreshments were handed round, as also were Centenary Fund subscription papers. On Sunday the Rev. John Walker preached twice at Kempsey and once at Frederickton to crowded congregations. 