. *h: fcsHoiiT ; BTOrtex;:/;:.y.:; \- Two Old Lei ers. ¡. V ^, JANE ABCHIBALD sat and looked at nor-, Tself in thé glass; as shë ihadibeèû: looking for an idle half-hourl rIt was", not* often j . that she. bad .; time to study her : own re ; flection, ;but~.since old ^Michael, her. father, had died last week the wheélsiof the clock Beamed -to have stopped. After a little while Jane and Mary would resume their .old*industrious ways.; Just now it seemed ásiif the dead.old man yet' lay in his room . up-stairs, and if there would be an in- decency in; doing any work ' beyond that .involved in supplying the immediate wants _-of .the living. . . , .i; .. .?'"> * ^frJane sighed1 aloud as she contemplated «the fair, faded face in*the greenish-coloured '< glass,: and her sigh floated ? out on.- the fghostly air of the old house. , It seemed to Jher for. a moment - as if someone, elser-the : .ghost of; her youth, perhaps-had sighed .in answer fcrthë room, and she shivered .a, ^little and looked nervously over. her. shoul-' ä der. But the woman in the glass drew her; .¡back,.and she leant again to look into the . short-sighted eyes. . ! .' ...¡ tVr.ïi" Eorty-fivei.years of : age, two months; lándiflve days,', she said to her. ' Why, you /.are-an.old woman,!' .-.-?? ' *. .-; The face in. the glass'looked back at her, shocked and almost startled. .! . :.7,'She could see that face rosy and:white i:»s- she. remembered it, and hung ? about with/golden ringlets in. the modest shade .of a white cottage bonnet. That was how ..she. had looked on Kitty's wedding.day, 1 :.»hd as she had gone down-stairs she had r .met-Willie Maturin coming up, and he had ¿.üssed her, whispering ta her that ? she would be the next bride, and a fairer and .- sweeter even than that morning's sun shone upon. , :. ¡,. Years and years ago, and Jane shud . -dered^to think "Tof the difference bstween those two faces: She felt just as young as the girl of those days, though, she,, had J .learnt.an indefinite!, patience. ; She;.was as > ready to tremble and drop her \ eyelids v.and blush when Willie Maturin entered the room as in the first rapturous days .long ago, ¿and-, they were now an old un "i married. Darby, and Joan, the laugh, of the . less, . compassionate country-side. . {She .co/oreel her .eyes with her hands, and her . heurt ached in the darkness to think it had c kept so . young while her pretty face chad o.jjrown old» .>??>-.. u -.' I ti. was., still a. sweet and comely, face, though its owner only, saw in it the rav f Ifcges of time. The rose and white had Ibeen overspread ,.by. an autumnal yellow, ... i the rosy.;.'lips " were pale,, and the golden ringlets were streaked with silver.. .Still .j -ihd was .good to look upon, and a comfort- ing thought came to her there behind those i hidden eyes that i Willie found ; no. lack in f- her. She ' .waa, quite , sure that her face .-i. was still, to. him the beautiful .girlishface t. of u. quarter of. a century . iago; ? Alas-!. that was tne pity of it. They were old lovers like an old husband and wife, and yet they were unmarried. ¡ ,i ,..., Perhaps now, surely now,, ran the woman's agitated- thoughts, . they, were gob- ing-to be fully happy. . It was,she who ¡ .had said, twenty-five years ago, that, so * Jong aB Willie .was true to her,, she did , not \- need marriage to make her happy. It was ' she who to-day panted. with a thirst long .unslackod tb bear his name, and wear his "-' ring. The joys that came , to other, men »nd warnen who married i in right season were not for them, but there yet remained the supreme happiness of belonging to each other before all the world, os they had be- longed to each other in heart since their eyes had first met., With her father's death the obstacle to . "their marriage, had been removed. ? When \- poor Kitty's marriage ; withGeorge ' - Maturin, Willie's.elder brother, had turned « out so miserably^ and the wife ;of, a, y ear i lay dead, with the moral guilt of her death at her husband's ¡ door, old Michael ¡ had . sworn an oath that : so long as he lived no ; other child of his should marry a Maturin, He had lived, perhaps, to repent it. .Jane had often thought that she detected ' » look in her father's sunken eyes as he watched her and Willie playing theil game of cribbage of an evening-a look .curiously mode up of pity and shame and ¡remorse. During ihose latter years in which he was paralysed, and hiB great bulk was tethered helplessly in the china .ney corner, Willie hod been more than a son to him, and it might be well that he should feel remorse for the two lives hit ' passion luid so greatly injured. ' Jane could remember the time when Willie had not endured her father's thane1 upon their lives so easily as of late years ' At first he had stormed and raved, and pleaded, and even wept. Poor Willie ! she remembered how after a long , struggle \- with her to make her break her duty tc ' . her father and become his wife, he had ai .last flung himself on the ground as thougl exhausted, and had laid his face in hoi lap. Then when Bhp caressed his dari head he had begun tb sob with greal hearings of hiB yoting shoulders. Poo] . Willie I it would have böen better for hin if he had been less faithful to her. H< might have had a wife and ohildren of hil . own in those years when they« had beei growing into an old bachelor and an ole ' . maid. Willie was tenderly fond of obi! dren. It caine to her now with a greal pang that he must always be withoul ohildren of his own. ! It W¿B all ; well - ttiat old Michael's . stern \ rule had 'given his daùgeterë scant leisure 'for thought; She began to -wonder with ! heavy'heart- beats of trouble whether her blind obedience had not been wrong, after all. ' -If she had a right to bear the burden h'erfather had laid upon her, ought she to have imposed it npon her lover alsoP Perhaps, perhaps, she thought with a new pang, perhaps even her father would have, in-his secret heart, been glad if she had disobeyed him. She uncovered her eyes with'an'effort. Her thoughts were getting too heavy for her to ' bear. And it . was nearly "Willie's time. "Year in, year out; 'Bummer - and winter, he ; had come at the same hour every evening. Every ' evening- they played their game bf dribbage. and 'then Willie had sat with them'to; their supper, and left as the clock struokteri. She had .always gone into the pbrch: with him; to say good-night, and had grown used to his sober, husband- like kiss. They had out- lived-at least he had-the' ardours of -youth. ' . - ??? . ? ;-; She usually made a little toilet for him of evenings, adding to her dress a gay bit, of ribbon or a flower.- -This' evenings \- gaiety would not be becoming';' she: must hunt up ' something sombre in hue that would- yet add to. her dress - the touch of decoration she hated to be without when Willie was coming. ' . Á.B she turned over odds .and ends in a ' 'drawer she suddenly .became 'thoughtful. For, quite five minutes she stood with her finger' to her lip, visibly^agitated.,, Then she opened a lower drawer of her wardrobe and took but a grey silk dress. She shook out the folds, and let it lie across her bed. In the half-light it shimmered like silver. She' took up a fold and fingered it with admiration. If she wore it, she thought, .Willie would .remember, the dayB before he was .'so. content with their engagement. ' Grey is^half-mourning/ she said aloud, ' arid.' then no one will see me but Mary and Willie. They won't think I .mean any disrespect to' father's memory/ Quaking a little at her temerity, she put on the dress/ It showed , prettily a neck still.white.'and round and a pair of soft wrists. She had kept her young figure, arid'the .old-fashioned dress gave it a becoming stateliness. AB' she looked at herself in the glass again she looked,,ten years younger than she did iii the black dress. A little colour came iritp her cheeks and a light , of hope in her eyes. She was more , like the girl Willie had loved'long ago. ' Surely he would remember it. ' She wont dowm-ctairs quioMy to got over any possible . explanations with Mary be- fore he should arrive'.\\\ \ f. The. tea was set out óñ the table-a high tea with accompaniments of all kinds of cakes and preserves, for the Archibalds were, model, housekeepers. Mary sat. by the.fire knitting' grey Mobilen stockings. She was years older than Jane, and had an honest, - weather-beaten ! fac'el She had never had a lover, and was. incurious about the ways of lovers... ,Shë looked up , startled as . Jane's , silk rustled ; into the, room. ¡An exclamation was on her lips, but Jane anticipated U% . ' Grey is a mourning colour,, y ou. know, Molly,' she said,, ' and black is, ugly to me. I looked an old woman as I, saw; myself in the glass, arid I thought I might put on the grey j ust for brice. It is years since I have worn it.' ., ' ' Yes, yes, child,' said the other, answer- ing hastily the appeal in her sister's voice. ' Why shouldn't you. wear it ? ; Tt.looke pretty, too, and you are ,very pretty in it, . When you, t are as bid 'as', I. am,, you maj talk of looking,ari,bid ponían.* ' ? Jane stooped and kissed her gratefully, ' 'Ifs none too bid- fashioned,'Molly, it it ?' ..;" " : '?.'/;./.., . 'Not a bit. , Those.gathers are,coining in again. , Theskirt is. a .little narrow al the. back, but if you'll'let nie fit. you to- morrow, I ,can set that straight.' , A inoment , later , Willie's knock wai heard. Jane had' always been' the one tc open the door,for him, but now, in hernes splendour, she was seized, with a suddei shynees, She stooped arid lifted a kitten ff om the hearthrug and laid it in her lap Mary was going out to the kitchen t< make the tea. , ., ? , ' Would you mind opening the door foi Willie ?' she said, with ari assumed air o: ease. . ; . . ." 'To be sure; but what's come to you ' Oh, I see. You're too fine in your sill dreBS.' She noticed the Budden .flush that ha< come into her sister's cheeks ; but, witl instinctive sympathy, forebore to maki further comment. ' The ways of lovers are beyond me,' sh< Baid to herself as she went to open th hall-door. Willie Maturin came in shaking him self. It had begun to snow.1 ' Ho was i big dark man, with gentle brown eyes his hair was streaked with grey, and trier< were a good many crow's-feet about hi eyes; he looked kind and slow, and h spoke with a soft drawl. 'Where's Janie P' he asked as he sa\ Mary. ' Janie's not ill P* A momentary alarm had somewha quiokened his speeoh. " Janie's all right, she's in the parlour said Mary, shutting1 the door behind hin ' But hadn't you better hang your coat i: the kitchen to dry P' He followed hor into the spotlessly nea kitchen, and hung up his coat as sh direoted him. Thou with a oaress i: ^mmmw----«an*... r.t i.o^ passing tb the.old-'cóUíe'pn'7the heárth,\he .went up to the parlour. *:;!-? When he opened «the-door,'he uttered an exclamation. ' Jane Archibald * had stood Up nervously, and was1 waiting * for .him, her head dropped a little in the lamplight. The vision stirred some bid1 chord- or memory in: his heart."' . ' . ".???:*'<?? . ' Why, Janie ?' he ' said, putting his arm round her. ' This is like long ago,' ; ; 'Yes,' said Jane Archibald, faintly. Her sister and her lo ver were the puly two people who ever called her Janie now. They stood so on the hearthrug for a. few . moments. Now and again - Willie would draw her closer to him. and kiss her with-a tender air pf ownership. . 'You are as pretty as ever, Janie; as pretty as ever,'.; he said'with' satisfaction.; Jane trembled a little,' but did hot speak. <:. .-.:. - ' Why, you are ' shivering !' he said anxiously. ' Are you sure that this is warm ? enough ?'. He- passed; his < hand across the shoulders and down" the sleeves of the gown. ' It is' too thin,' he said, ' much too thin. You were foolish tb put ;it> on, Janie-;: it was made for summer weather. You must go up-stairs and put on your warm black dress at once.' . Oh¿ no I let nie wear it this evening, Willie. It is so pretty,* said poof Jane. But Mary, coming in at that moment, agreed with Willie that the dress was too thin for winter wear. _ Ï ' Besides,' she said, ' it has lain so long in that chest of ; drawers: jit^must be damp. Bun at once and take it off, I will keep the-tea-cakes hot till you come down- stairs.' . ? . . ' .-i!! ! ; Jane ..went without, .a word and.. took, off her pretty grëy silk. She put on instead the heavy; j black, high, to,, the .neck, and flannel-lined ..for warmth. . She was an elderly; woman once more aa she looked,in the : glass. "-", She , folded her. grey silk and put it (back in its . silvery paper '. with mus un backs. of lavender between the. folds. . ' Ah !' she said, as she laid it away,.. ' it . ia too.true., ;. You. were- made, for,summer i weather,, and,, for a, young, woman who, is dead. I shall not; wear, you any more.' : She came down-stairs with the lightness gone from her footsteps, and her face was dull from disappointment as she came into the parlour and took, her place at the tea table.,' Her loyer looked at her with eyes full of kind pleasure in her. The ardour which had been, in them when she wore the 'grey ; silk had quite disappeared. Mary looked at her uncomfortably. i,' You did look pretty in the grey/ she said, ' and it made the room more cheerful to hávé you wear it; but it;is too cold for the winter. Willie is right.. Perhaps Anne Magennis, if - she hasn't much work on hand, might put a flannel lining in it.' ' I shan't wear it again,' : said Jane dis- consolately. .; 'Don't bother about lining ' It'll do nicely for summer as it is/ said Mary.. . :-¿ . :. , ' I'm sure you look as nice as possible in the black/ said Willie, with one of , his faithful and fond glances. ,. ' . Jane Archibald did not .meet his eyes. She sipped her tea and crumbled a bit of tea-cake between her fingers. After tea there. was the usual game of cribbage. Jane played carelessly, without interest in the game. It was easy to see that something had gone wrong with her. . Willie watched her with affectionate solicitude, but forbore to question her till Mary was out of the room. ' You are not well, Janie ?' he said then, with anxiety. v t 'Quite well, thank you, Willie.' . . ' Yau're not yourself then. I hope you haven't taken cold .through: that foolish freak of putting on a thin summer frock. You-shouldn't have done it, Janie/ 'No, Willie.' i *il'd have expected more.sense from you, Janie,* he said, following up his oppor- tunity. . It's all very fine for a slip of a girl to do such things.' Hot smarting tears, came into Jane Archibald's eye. Willie was not often gauche, but this time he had managed to cut her to the quick» She averted her head and said nothing. . ' You mustn't come to. the door with me to-night/ he said ; ' it's piercing cold. I will tell Mary to give you a hot drink be- fore you sleep. Come, give me a kiss.' She raised her lips obediently to . him, and he kissed her as he had kissed her every night for a score of years back, with calm affection and tenderness. He had forgotten the momentary thrill of joy and love which had darted through his veins as he had kissed her that evening. After he had gone she sat dispiritedly by the fire while Mary looked up and put things away for the night. When she had finished khe came and sat down. 'You're tired out to-night, Janie/ she said. ' You've boon through a lot. You must get a good rest to-night, and to- morrow we'll set about taking down the curtains and taking up the curtain in poor father's room. The house is all at sixes and sevens. We must begin to set it rigbt sometime, and we may as well begin at once." ' ' I'wish I could go away, Molly/ said Jane suddenly. j ' ' Go away I Why, where would you g(x toP You've never slept a night out; pf this house since poor Kitty died/ ^ 1 r « That is why I want to gb, I suppose. Irs ungrateful of me, but I'm dead sick of 1 the same plaoe all these years. It is hard j that wo should have grown old, you and I, and never have-had.*»a- chance to go out into the world,'[ and. tastpo what freedom ia like. Other girls gp. .away ^n vvisitsvv to friends, or to ?. the seaside, ! or.- to towns', where they ;see all sorts, o£,gaieties<.<í¡ Why, weren't we like them ?' . w v ' Father would never, ,;have, permitted »it. He hated gad-abouts..* Bat, what's^ithe .matter. Janie; ?;.-> You < haye. always seemed BO contented! I believe that grey silk has put all sorts,of fly-awaythoughts into your head.' '..i-.:t.¡¡ ;..i..;.¡vV, -.ai; iO . ' I was foolish to put it on.'1 ..;>....'., . You have had a dull kind t of, life, now I pome to think of it,'; said- Mary¿<',but;sp had I. when ; I was^ young.-. Aid then.I always,thought you were satisfied because you had Willie.' . . ..-.,-<.. . ....,v.- ...-.->. «Oh, Willie, I always had Willie,' re- peated Jane - after .her, with an impatient laugh which made:the .elder Vornan stare. a M : don't, knöwi why. ypu, laugh, Janie,' she said in a hurt voice. .; ..' I'm sure ¿Willie has never,- seemed to want anyone but you all/..these. years.- ; What t more, could Jyou want?' -; .:,-, ? Nothing, Molly, nothing. To-night I don't know .what has come .over ¡me. I am tired of everything^-even. of. Wülie, and tired to death thinking. of. all thejyears that will be just like. the. years gone over.' ' You and Willie don't think of marrying now that poor father is gone.'?,,< ;un ' We are too old.* .,,/, . ' You are not too old. , .But,' with ,an<air of relief, '.men/get terribly ¡set < in their ways. Willie seems quite comfortable with old Katty. .Neville to do for.him, ;. I don't know but that, ifs wisest for things to stay so.' i , . ;,. I don't know but it .is.?. , 5Q 'And what should. .I do, if you :wer,e;.to marry,, Janie ? ,. I couldn't sit down by a strange hearth--even, if it ¡wouldn't break my heart to leave , the old place., And it would be terribly lonely for me here alone.' : v ... ? ;.. . -,< ...... 'It would so,' assented Jane./ . . {,¿i ' Willie's more like.a brother, than any- thing else all ,these years., He'll come and go just the. same, and look after the farra for us. I'm not saying but that if it were for your happiness, Janie, I could .make up my mind to live on here alone. You and Willie seem contented with things as they are?* She looked with a wistful inquiry at her sister. ' . : ' Oh, yes, we are contented,' Jane Archibald answered, without meeting her eyes. The next day she seemed to have quite forgotten1.'the strange words of the evening before. Mary put it down to her having been over-tíred and over- wrought,- and said no, more about it, and Jane went about her household duties' as usual, and'played cribbage .with Willie \ in the evenings. If some spark of-hope which had endured all those years had gone . ont, and left her duller and more lethargic, no one was sharp enough to detect it. (To be concluded next week.) 