[?] .MIMK.THIS-. (ContaU^S^^S^knuday'ttaiu.) Tbe-BirliOl'fetttltwopa 'Kad'rofetTi.ay {J^ral. J dine at SrttfMMtaWy- itti6}w&kibefdre; ; fieTiad . d»ni^.t^S#^^ftP^a |ifr a few com. Dlimente,j»ni^Vn3^ j.W?ii completely obt o( her biSSpi^W-14?!?!?jS:Ml00Sh'»- 'He liAtl dapoed J'th rmftr-' joiJmj )m ifiR, am) paiil thum oomplime'nts. -Jjvij.^iiraMipp h*l nit biwn: Btrook tat W: not very^tn^my^ie waBinor ytfurtp, as she recKonea j jry' .uum.j, being given^io j^qfjlpjjr .»0a hunting, and racing; hewaa jepkpnedithethirdrichest noble in &W;^W«W^S^jUpW?»ngM .-*? any time {hesa owpi yw£ V|«nxipUB and am bitions mothers; iiot.hia lorj^up had hitherto shirked'thS fetter ol mUtrinjpny^d^ven him-. Belt op to the wUdestJi'e that a wild .roan can ^HaJ he been any other than a rioh nnble. he ff0ald have i«!n ratcdiseartip i ' ai : it m*f his vices vent by tlie jiriMar nonie^f-eceflntrieitias ; hia temperas, yiolenV) aOnnn'r occaRipnhfiteid tbrashcd agame^^ej.lo.jvittiin an inch nf his lire. The man's Tripncls iooM lia've prosecuted the Earl in a'criipinal -M'urt,h«d they, chosen, lor the injuries committed were so severe : 'that the mail wis blind bt one ^eye and elightly lame (or life ; bat althongh tbetale' attached to this quarrel was not one lor ^ainty ears like Geral dine'a to liaten to. vague rorooare had reached even her of this poor man's huijib'e home having been rendered deaolatehy this gay' E»rl, who. instead of being sent to prison, as he would have been if he had bran* piifj had dimply paid the man ebme hundreds .ot. jinand*. and the matter was partly hnihed up. Only one am ing.st many such evil actions it was Tumnured - He oame of a lino of reckless, se'fi-h inen. Hid lather and uncles, Mb brotfirr and himself, were all 'tarred with tlie same brush.' Iiird George and Lord , Bertie were reckoned '? the veriest scampsoot. lhey were noted gamblers, clever at ' fleecing' rich! onwary youths at ecartfi and billiards. Often tbey-were at Black wood, ihe family seat in the.Midlanda. Black wood is an old castle with much English history connected with its past. Sow the Conntcsa knew what a scoundrel the would. have thought the Earl had he been a poor lawyer, or a penniless younger son; and yet - strange are the law? and byc-laws nf ' Society'— she was delighted when lie' pro posed (or her daughtet ; more than delighted - enchanted, triumphant, elate 1 Lady Geraldine thought lor a moment in cilence ; then 'she said softly : ' He has one hundred thousand a year.' «' My sweet Geraldine, how rejoiced I am to heir you speak with strong common dense 1 Yes, eighty thousand before he came into the London property— WesWood Square, and some other plates. Yea, quite » hundred thousand a year.' ' They Gay he is' violent.' said Geraldine, with a smile ; ' but, oh ! ( can manage him !' tt rtf jwtrtrca mv lnv« ' When am I to see: him m .mma ?' ' My dear, I have not answered his letter yet.' 14 How often mamma calls me fond names !' thought Geraldine.- 41 Why ( am already triumphant I Ah ! Penammon, I think the Countess of Blackwood . will have interest lo prevent your rising in your miserable profes sion ! I think 'she will ruin and crush you after nil, as you have tried ttferushher !' Then she said aloud, smiling: 'Will you aek him to come on to us in Edin burgh, mamma? It will he a test of his ? ' Lady Geraldine had been about to say V'love' but she paused ; the word would oertainly have eboked her in her then frame of mind. ' It wilLtest his sincerity; it will show he considers me worth taking a long, cold journey only to see P .. ~ ' No, my dear, we shall not be in Scotland longer than a week ; then -we shall return to Grosvener Squat?. I shall write to the 'Earl from Edinburgh, and tell him that your father and myself will be glad to Welcome him as a eon-in-law ; also that 7 believe your affections | *re quite disengaged ' ; 'Quite, quite, mamma.0' Geraldine said, with a Uttle, hysterical laugh. 41 Well, I shall, then, ask him to call one ^ afternoon in Grosvnor SquAre, and I shall s iy, ' my dear child will then, doubtless, give you her answer herself/ ' 11 How touching and how romantic your voice sounds, my dear mother,' s&iJ; Lidy Geraldine. *? Voioe sounds romantic I Tou are talking nonsense, Geraldine,' *aid thp C.-untoss, b 'verely. The proud eye* S\ ifched. It wii it nmv experience for the hauffhty Ciuntess to imagine heself mocked by one of herd«u»fhters. and that daughter the youngest, hiiheitu.ihe most liinid, theTiurablest of all four towards her mother. ' I am very sorry to tilk nonsense,' Lady Geraldine said; *' I assure you 1 Am oft-r« whelmed- quite overwhelmed at my noml for tune. I shall have a country seat at Cowes, in the Isty of Wight, as well as my tjastle : iff the Midlands. Blackwood Castle is one of the finest old historical houses in England A king was murdered there, and there is a dungoon. How full of ghosts it must be ! And jhamma, I am Aire I have -heard lhat the Eafl lias a villa near one of the Italian lakes What a life I shall have, every pleasure underripe sun: oily, with so many riomes^ ithall ?f)6t know which is my real home. Now at present, our d ar old country house, Marbury Park, has always seemed more like home than INI. Gros* venor Square. And I used to think — ' A quiok sigh cut short hor words. She had fa?en about to say that Penammon Castle, stand i ig in its happy valley amid the ronuntain», had always seemed to her the beau ideal of a j noble home —not too 6tately to be homelike. As l it was, Lady Geraldine bit her lip, then burst ? into a Hugh which deceived the cold ear cf the I worldly Countess. ! *t T Zww, ? Il.oi «« lira here alone, mamma, together, so th»t we can talk over all our plans, and triumph— yes triumph in the good fortune that is before me.' A sudden cloud . shaded the brow of the Countess. ' I hope, Geraldine. that young man P-»nm- luart, will not talk of this And if it CAme to 4he BarPs ears ? ' Lady Geraldine's eyes flushed 41 No^ mamma, I know he is too honest, too tmnly to tolfc 1' ? 1 should think -so,' said the Counter ?* Do call Wilson, and let her ask the people to give -is tea.'* SJS ^ * -r Jlack again in Grosvennr Square. Not a ; mi.i-murhas escaped respecting L-vly Gerald in^'d ; Hight ; the d|-per servants of the household wrre ftll tried and trust) people, and what little they knew they only hinted to each other in whispers, I - was supposed 'by them that their young lady had not even met Penftflinmn. $he Earl knew nothing -at all about it. ; he was a little deaf, and very forgetful—fast approaching -that drear, dim region, sadly called second childhood Already the London world rang with the news of the approaching wedding. The Earl had 4ftlled« proposed formally, ^and been ac cepted with ia blush wid^emfle as A maiden should icbe^tja loverr ZThe.^ay was.-fiieJ for the 29th atT&sy.; March winds were blattering ; Lady Geraldine Went -to the' -rpera' 'with her ?lover, and her mother, and her eldest - sister, and she listened with all her soul to the cnchanting voioe of Patti, and she smilml and flirted ,her fan, and talked to bar 'noble® Ipvfcr' between the acts, hehaved, in shjrtjwitfi the perfect grace and finish of a woman of %he world. My lord was a short, sqnarely-built man of tbfpty-fejtrr; be wiw fi«ckled, rathei' red-laced, rather etout ;hir«yes trere small —sofipaJl as tu be neatly 4m t bf sight ;if he smiled in the leaBt ; his lips were tliek, his l«ce was iheayy, his brow was low. his nose as thick as his li|^, his -frftir scanty and 4iRht*colou red —'Certainly 1 not a handsome mam His enemies saidit was the ooontonaneeof -* -pme-fighter ; -hut «naa . intelligence and good nature illumined ttis noe, it might have been lovied rapturously V '*-®® loving jout^ wife.. It idght to have been jo loved by Larfy ljeri'dinc/for she was the Ban s affianced bride.; but ilie lueinrry oT Penammon Stood betweenher nf?tl lierf uto re !opd,«cd when itie -ftud ^eardliimmap outherfuturo in the^uie(, m^ter'^t'&ot; fashion.rof a ,p^an f^boiui^ never ?. been thwarted in all hlgjife, she fancied som^- ^V®hB hated Jjira; ; ; ( « J *-uor veraiaina rwoeti ^oer Heart «u iom «jy the unforgiving anger ^of^ennamon that heart beoair)e a ^avaReL^hut there ^were iSHch de^ . founts of love in her-isool that she might liave i»een sayed h ^ ^hejWedded a 4nan with t a npble v mature. Qhe^was to marry a man .wilih ; a noble name, ;Jbut with a^aoul £-ase and degrade^, l&i; heart selfish juid. cruel. - . .-. 7 n 1 They'^rere nL the opera. V kudpenly she Saw, ?in-a b »k nppiwite, P* naramou 'avid a fair young permh ln VH^e Wud-a judrien iiutred'giri whom she hud ^iRt' b ff »rp.- Where ? — where ? Oh ! who 'whowaa thatgi^l ? e » Lady Geraldine had slill «Oftimand b( feature and voice enough to -oon'tinue to laugh' and shatter white-cher heart writhing wlthr ?jealousy., '? ? ?? v' Ah, i know.whbushe is,'? she said/mentally. ??The girl who played the harp at the Park ?huretp^ he has suhk'.fcr that ?*? *-And then she said to herself will frame some excuse, and call nn that Riri-to-morrow.J 't.will ^et the address froiti-the ;Parkhurst5. If she knew what an enemy she had -' an-l Lady Geraldinb 1 clenched her band tind {(round her teeth for an instant. The next moment she was laughing lialvsome sally of Uie Earl't. ? ? » : - c - j. ? CHAPTER XL ' V ; Lord Blabkwood did not' care par^cularly for music, indeed he did hot take rauoh interest in the fine arts. He waB more of a gambling; horse racing noble than a musical onb; -Thus It came to pass that his took no pains to stifle a yawn during one ot the loveliest passages. Even t}'»ra1dine, whose heart was beatipg. pain- ful beats as she watched *' those two'- through her opera glass — even Geraldino was annoyed at tho coarsely expresnod weariness of her betrothed. he looked up flt him In a petulant, ' impatient fashion, and his small, eyes met hers and widened and she read a something stern, and savage about ihe ugly mouth, something which i chfi hod ni»vpr apen there hefnri*. and which she had not cupposed would ever manifest itself to her in her future role of adored hrido. . Lady Geraldine, beautiful envied, the belle of the Lindon season, disliking the man she was nbout to marry, never tor a mbment sup posed .but that she was,, and ever wou'd be, adored by this wealthy nobleman With a face like a-prize-fiphter's*; now she read ah answer to'her angry look, an answ&r; to the fu|l »6 savage as a vulgar and veritable prize-fighter mi«ht give to his wife or to hia sweetheart, if he were bfTonded with her. '' You don't look pleased,' he said, shortly. ' No ; tou yawned aloud, it is rude.' ; He laughed. 'Is it?' Excessively sorry. I hate this ' opera. I am bored. I can't look pleased when t am bored, not even to please you.' This all said in a tone a little above a whiB per. Lady Geraldine's pale face grew paler; she held np ner cuperb head, with Us orewn of raven plaits ; she wrapped her white laoe scarf a little more closely round her shoulders ; she partly turnai her back on her lover, and looked ever through the opera glass at the young map and the gitl, who absorbed all her attention. ' ' he is not beautiful,' said Lady Geraldine , as she scanned the face of EQie Strange. ' Com ptejeion certainly, 1 tuilk and rose.V ss our dear old Highland nurse used to say, and daintily cut features. Yes, short upper lip; in fact, * suppose the kind of creatbre that men Sometime? care about for a little while; How she watches | him, and with what tenderness I When he looks at h'er she put ott a placid indifferent face ; And he, Penammon, he is handsomer than ever. What a Greek moulding- of nostril and mouth and chin, and the complexion, that dark, olive colour, the mountache on upper lip, no whiskers, those wonderful eyes, piercing, flashing with s hundred lights— how I have dreamt of them. It is* nqt 'an English head, it is a Greek head, with Italian colouring. He does not even see me, or if he doesj he will not look perfect taste, Peuammon iB a hero; but I wish I could kill him with .a look, and he should fall dead at ihe feet , of 'that creature with yellow hair. Ah ! how' I hate her.' All this while Geraldine's lips wore an arti ficial smile ; she re-amnged the exquisite flowers in her bouquet ; .she gently flirted her fan ; she leant over and talked to her mother ; and then, when Patti began again, she drew herself up and listened attentively ; but the whole time she was keeping watch on the box where Pennamon sat with Effle strange. -( That creature attends to the proprieties,' thought Lady Geraldine to hersrlf. She has actually an elderly chaperon In the back of the box. an old woman with a blue shawU a white cap. an old woman whom even ihe singing of Patti Njannot keep awake. Who is* this girl? She g'cs out and plays tho harp to aocom p iny the old violinist, who.m it is the cr«&e.; of a few people t' engage instead of a b.vod, when they |/ive e little dunco ; a professional and he intending to go on the siafl*4 why should he not marry this person, who belong-* to the sphere wh re he has fallen ' Her lip twitched. ' That crralurn uits tn my place ; has she crcpt into the hnart where I reigned, until— until -until ruy mother dragged toe cut 7' And then she watched Penammon ; she saw him steal long, tender looks at Eflie Strange, when the ° yellow-haired creature' was not noticing ; she saw an expression she remem bered corao into his . face when MisB Strange spoke to him, and was she mistaken ? was not the look more irten«e —yes, more intense ^ than in those days for ever gone, when by the side of the broad, pleaeant Rhine, he arid she, the youth a d the maiden. Penammon of Penam mon and Lidy Geraldine Towers had exchanged their vows'? ' Man's love changes,1 6aid Geraldine : vommU lives on, or turns to hate 1' And she watched those two yet more intently. 4 I hive vouth strenpth, energy,' said the Earl's daughter to herself. 44 1 have rank, I shall have position and wealth ; and all 1 .have and all 1 win, shall be devoted to the crushing of two beings - that ambitious candidate for theatrical laurels, and yonderyellow-haired girl. But after all they, may not be what is called engaged, so soon so soon after that terrible niRht on the Scotch border.' All (his while Lord Blackwood had been looking round at the pretty women in tbe Hoxps. He was gt-ing to marry Geraldine Towers because she came of long descent and was fair enough to pleaBe his fancy, -and it was time that he married ; but of genuine love his lordship knew only the sourid. He had hadi dozens of no-railed affairs of the heart, most of them of that kind that Lady Geraldine would never hear of, fcut it was certain that he had never loved a soul in his life of thirty-four years, and, beautiful as was Geraldine, he could admire other people quite as muoh. When his eyes rested upon Effie Strange he gave axiRib'etotart. ??By Geoifler'-he said to himself ; and then: he putliis eyeglass to hi6 eye, and stared at her, - and he muttered audibly : 4 By George I the very girl !' ? 'Lady Geraldine had noted his attentive study of the face of the 4 yellow-haired creature1' she heard his words, and -now she was full of a fierce, wild impatience to know know what had been the antecedents olthe*' creature' to whom Gwyn was so attentive. x . * - . 4 Charlton,' she said to .the Earl, ' I want to know who thatfirl is; she played tor us to dance ai. the Parkhursts palehlue. You know, her I can see.' - . Lord BlackwpodJ^ ^?^ffeRlasB drop, and then looked str&igl3; it bifrlwothea.to see if she were prompted by jealousy,. He was puzzled by the -eager expj^tori in the large jellow-tlast eyes. - - ;«« \^hy do you i^iblt^^?'Lhe asrad^ ^ilb a srai'e. . ' u ' ? f - , ? ! . ?« Because - well, I have seen her before, and I heard somethings I forg^t what. Tell jro, is she what mamma xneajii^by respectable, and ? ' ii Gera'-dine was bla*1iinR .fum)UsIy. -- f -she could have jier'ib^htith^/'iwP hardened, coll Effi6! 0Srast 'Snd^foifMpt 6he , Wbuld-hmte caased toil««lihatsdeadly jealousy , wVichineaHyjtnaddenedJier^|di^ld have caid io herself ; . ' WeU,-ie will 'Jiqt compare 'ttr#aws^, 1' '' ' ! ' rhsl jbong person, rp plied the ciarl, isa puzzle jo me ^ 'Xfolfow^Jher^ongO^ford Street in the rain, ohe'day when' in- the irm tu- buses were full aaS jhfe w^nt on right to the ( National Gallery, and got in. It was a students it.]. I knew tb« door-keeper ; be let me io. anif J baw thatjgirthavin^ caBtjofffiejoloyc'sni^ hat, standing up hard afwork cgpyingSJ[htL«ly pioture of ajnonkldeadln his cell. 1 spoke, to - her civilly ; sh,' ^&^'Btni{k£{gei0hei furiouB. 1 mehtlonea'my iiame.wa she became - even mnre furious. I was atracjt by iier .im- . 'pertinence, And, by Oeorjje ! Imade^ip'my tninS to follow her, ind find out more ; so I actually iwait^daAtil wettft, 4otlowadiierIiit6'aH ortihj» bus and then she prete?jded*pt )tOL see mt fil went along into some terrible region near the Camden Boad, there she descended, and I also ; then she turned about and facejl jjjb, ' If yon attempt to follQwin^^wdl icall 3i^ipolicemanj'' she 8«id f the vixen, go. I h^ve never seen, tier sinoe till to-night. Who in that man with her, I wonder ?' : - ' I ' Ur. Penammon,' replied Oeraldine. *? 4h, I know, the fellow's father shot himself \- -rascal of a lawyer. Why. now I think of it, your people kney; this Penammpn.' . Cteriiidini'stide (leirlSbVtm 'tnisV ; 'tier' betrothed read. literally nothing in her eyes, j ?? llMoma will fell that,' ^be tfiaid,. languidly, 'if you care to know.' Penammon ia almoat starving,- 1 believe. .He was (lever an amusing person ; I was always teWfully tired of his society. And now, if we have, discussed these people enough, shall we go home, or ' do vnu care for the ballet ?' 41 The.ballet is all that I^amitoi'see,' replied liis lordship. *? I bnljr came for 4hat ; of course, if your people are going ?' However, they all stayed for the ballet. L idy Geraldine watched Pepammon l^ve with Effie Strange arid old Miss Chester, whom Bhe styled as the old woman with a white cap and a blue shawl. How attentive be is ! He wraps that crimBon Bhawl about her with such care. Lord Blackwood, indeed was a careless lover in all these matters, not at atl a lady's man. He allowed his betrothed to envelope herself in a great clonk of white for 'and then ho tardily offered his arm) And followed the Countess and party to their carriage, where, when everybody was seated, he bowed, and left the ladies. Had Lady Geraldine been' in love with the Earl, sfie would have seen that he was not in lovtf with her. But to her it mattered very tittle that he should admire a Miss Strange, and follow her about the muddy London Btreets, an3 at last get insulted for his pains. The s(ing ot it all was -that this yellow*haired girl appeared proud and prudent, and so, perhaps— perhaps, Penammon loved her. If so, Lady Geraldine vowed a deadly vow in her heart. « We often delude ourselves as deeply as 'we delude other peoplo. Lady Geraldine told her self, and believed, that she' was only going to marry Lord Blackwood that she might gain power and position to enable' her to crush Penammon loved her. She believed that ifpalth, and liberty, and a loving husband would not bring even the shadow of peace to her heart She fancied herself possessed ind swayed by a deadly desire for revenge which dried op the well-springs of hope and love in her heart for ever. She was mistaken. She had lovecL. Penammon ; she hated him now. Bat this dead love, this living hatred,' were not to fill up her life as she had thought. (To be continued in Wednesday's issue,) 