METEOROLOGICAL FORECAST FOB FARMERS AND GAR DENERS. As supplied to the New South Wales Government in J ants, by . OBONZO PBESA, Agricultural 'Meteorologist and Mathe matical Astronomer. (All rights reserved.) JULY 1900. 26th to 26th. -Weather variable with oloads and squalls from the north-east to north-weBt direction, later shifting south erly, rather stormy, atmosphere etill un suitable. 27th tc 28tL.-Atmosphere unchanged. Weather variable, most likely wet in south ern districts, southerly wind storms, may shift north-west. 20th, 30th, 31et.-Atmosphere bad for planting and sowing 'Yeather: southerly or north-west squalls and storms in southern parts of the colony, rain very heavy in places, with snow extending to north-west districts. In southern districts lowlands may be inundated. Bemarks:-The atmospheric conditions during this month should be generally ex cellent and beneficial for agriculture. No heavy frosts anticipated with the exception of a few days in the middle and at the end of the month. The strong cold wind which will predominate may do harm to plants ; especially in tbe north-west and north-east districts. This month's weather forecast is general, but applies principally to the east and highlands. BEAT OUT OF AN INCREASE OF HIS PEN SION.-A Mexican war veteran and pro minent editor writes :-" Seeing the ad vertisement of Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea liemoily, 1 am reminded that as u soldier in Mexico in '47 and '48, I contracted Mexican diarrhoea and this remedy bas kept me from getting an in crease in my pension for on every renswal a dose of it restores me." It is unequalled as a quick cure for diarrheal and is pleas ant and safe to take. For sale by James J. G. Brown. G. Bora's for repairs and sundries-two doors from Lewis's Store. For Chronic Chest Complaints Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Is fid. Great Caesar's Ghost! poor wasted frame. That once full vigour did possess. Can't be a man in else but name, JiiB cough has brought him such distresk The undertaker smiles to think Next winter's cold he'll not endure, Oh! ne'er say die, but take a drink Of W. E. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. 