[?] WITHOUT A HOME Bv Mrs. Baeb. CHAPTER VL A REACTION. "She keeps so still tuat I feel bad about her," said Landlord White to his wife the next morn ing after Amy had been imprisoned in the shed. " Just so aud take a peep at her to see that she isn't al together dead." " Oh, you big baby 1 I believe you're afraid that she is dead," an swered the woman. " But to please you I'll peep in on her." How busy Dave was just then, cramming down his food as if he never expected to see another break fast, not daring to look- up lest bis tbe girl gone r shia the woman, in surprise, "Gone?" cried Dave and the landlord in a breath, springing to their feet at the same time, and rushing to the shed. " Yes, she's gone," repeated Mrs. White, a look of baffled rage coming over her face, "and some one helped her, too. Was it you ?" she asked, turning sharply on the boy. " Me ? Mother White, who do you take me for? After your warning last night, it is hardly likely that I would' interfere again. Besides, you locked the door, and I hain't no keys of yours, have I ?" " Not that I know of," she re plied, in a softer tone, completely deceived by his manner and look bf innocence. "1 guess that the spirits, which the people are talking so much . about, helped her to get away," ho said, after a few moments of anxi ous deliberation. " Get out of this, you young ras cal, with your stories of hobgoblins and spirits. Who says there are ghosts in this house?" asked the woman, every nerve in her body shaking with superstitious dread. A new idea flashed into Daves brain. "I say so. I see a ghost every night walking in the long passage near your room, moaning and wringing Iter hands. I have stood and watched her, and I know it i3 Amy's mother, for she keeps talking about her child" The boy did not stop to consider that ghosts are not usually invested with colloquial powers, at least noi since the days of Hamlet, and his I listeners took no note of it, for they | stood, with distended eyes, drink ing in every word, as the boy en- Jarged oathe appearance of tbe nn- iional white gown floating abbot her, " And if tbe girl should be dead —drowned herself, for instance- not a soul in this house '11 be able to sleop for the moaning ' But Davo didn't finish the sen tence, for his mistress made a pluDge at him, which he dextrously avoided, and fled from the kitchen, taking refuge in the stable, and gave ex pression to some of the boisterous mirth that was convulsing him with "laughter. Two hours after the lad re-entered the iun, bearing in his hand a soaked shoe, such as Amy bad worn the evening before, and held it up to the mistress. " It is hers, and I found it swim- min' on the meadow spring. The water looked so black aud mad- iike fnfif T nlrrtnat. fnrnoil aialr The conviction seemed to come on her by degrees that she had driven the girl to commit suicide, but when it settled itself into truth, every vestige of colour left her face, and she fled from the room. Upstairs her husband found her, and at once suggested that the spring be dragged for the body. " "No, no," she cried, in alarm. " Would you have me known as the one who drove her to it! Just yon say a word about it, and HI make The Seven Stars ' too worm to hold you." " But Dave will tell it if I don't," nersisted the man. "Leave that to me," she replied, ' If lie breathes a whisper to any one, he'll not get the chance ic drown himself" So it was arranged that the body should remain where it was for the time. Word was sent to Jones' that Amy had ran away from the jbetv fate, they made "no inquiries abbot ; Iter. . The days floated by, the days ran ' into weeks, a month had -passed, and secure in the fearful silence that shrouded the terrible tragedy, the iutnares of the tavern settled dowu to the old life. To be sure, the woman often started guiltily, and turned white at every unwonted sound- How- ever, tins fear was growing less, and some of the old asperi'y was com ing liack to her face, when; stand ing in the door-way one morning, she saw a sight that made lier heart cease beating for a moment. At one glance sbe recognised the visitors, aud rushed up to her rootn as the couple drew their b-jises up at the door. Peeping through the blinds to find out if they liadireitfly. stiipped, sho saw the gentleman lii>. ' Lite girl fiom the saddle, and she exclaimed ; "It is her It is Edith Mere dith?" CHAPTER VII, UNPLEASANT QUESTIONS. " The lady is asking for me, did you say, Dave? Just tell bev that I'll .be down in a moment. Why are you standing there, stating at me like a fool ?'' " 'C-tuse you look mighty like n ghost," was the imprudent reply of the boy, as lie gazed at the white face of the woman he had come to summon. A look of rage flashed into Iter eyes, and coming closer to the lad, she caught him roughly by the neck. " Don't you say a word about that girl it tliey ask yon. or I'll chokeAMU.justso !" and her fingers closed tightly over his threat into bis eyes! He knew uow wlty the woman looked so pale and shook like a leaf for he had seen the beautiful girl down stabs be fore, and like a flxsh, it came to him that- site was the one that Amy had told hint about. " Let go my neck, and I'll pro mise you any tliiug,"4ie said. " And keep it, too ?" ' Yes, indeed. Trust me to keep my word. Dave Roberts never forgets a promise " The fingers, relaxed their hold, aud, breathing more freely, the boy departed to report that the mistress would be along as soon as possible. YtTbcn ho was gone, Mrs. White took down tbe dress that she had worn to Amy's aunt's, more than six weeks before, and hastily made her toilet, smoothing her hair as she looked about for the glasses which she wore before strangers, because it looked more respectable, she thought. Not finding thein, she mechanic ally thrust her hand into her pocket and pulled out — not the glasses — but the money that Amy had been accused of stealing. This did not serve to calm her troubled mind, but putting on the best face pos sible, she went down, smiling and bowing to the lady and gentleman with au obsequiousness that nearly upset Edith's gravity. Oscar at once broached the sub ject. " My sister tells me that sho, ou a former occasion, met a young girl here. Can we see her ?" " To be sure you could, if the dear child was here ; but a temble.acci- deut has happened since your sister saw her. The creek was very high, < and just as the poor girl was cross ing it she fell in, and that's the last nothing of this, and living not more than eight miles from here," replied the gentleman, suspiciously. " Was the body never found ?" asked Edith, with a face as pale as a pond lily. " Bless your heart, the water was too high for anything of that kind. Couldn't begin to drag the stream with that flood rushing along." " What was her name 1" asked Oscar, abruptly. " Amy Jones. Now I come to think of it, your sister married a Jones, didn't sho ?" " My sister's marriage bas nothing to do with the subject, madam- Please confine yourself to it in your remarks," was the haughty reply. Edith, I can see no use in our re- maining here any longer," " Nor L Oh, Oscar, who could have dreauicd of our mission ending in this way ?" and the tear's sprang to her eyes. He bent his head, and whispered: "Bo calm, Edith. Don't parade your sorrow before these people, or our secret will be theirs." She hastily dried up ber tears, aud passed out, leaning on her brother's arm, bravely keeping back the grief that was swelling her bosom. The horses were waiting, held by the landlord ; and lifting his sister into tbe saddle, Oscar tossed the mau a crown for his trouble, and they galloped away. Miss Mere dith was a good rider, but it re quired all her skill to keep her seat, as, turning a sudden bend in the road, her horse gave a quick plunge, and shied to the other side of tbe turnpike. " What do you mean ?" asked the gentleman sharply, of a boy, who ttoni yj , .thefonce . .and . "I mean to be here .just now," was the sullen reply. "That's' a nice way to. talk to a person when lie wants to be of use to you. . Oh, golly didn't that old woman lie like the dickens I" " Do you know anything of die girl, Auty Jones ?"' asked/Oscar, a dim perception dawning on his inind that he should net at the truth from the boy. . " Moro'n she'd like me to tell pointing in the direction of the house; and shaking bis fist in a vin dictive manner — "for she-said she'd choke me to death -if . I opened my mouth." " Go on, go on," cried Oscar and EJit.li at once. Well, I will, if you'll give me alittle time," replied Dave, puffings and blowing. ; " fttook TOighty fast uniting to eel hbre before von. and Pm almost out ol breath. About two weeks .after you folks drove away in such high glee. Mother White, came into the kitchen and told Araytthat she had robbed her. The girl turned like a ghost, and almost swore that she hadn't seen the money, but the woman shut her up in the wood-sited, saying that - she should stay there till she con fessed. I tried to keep Iter out. but the old one pitched me to the other side of the kitchen, and threw the poor thing in more dead than alive. I was cunning enough for iter, though, and after they Were all asleep I stole down and took Auty out to the pnutp, washed her free till she came to, and gave her all the money I had to take her to New York. Mother White really believer that she is drowned, for I btougiir in a shoe next morning, letting on that I found it in the water. I did, hut I put it there, too " . " Did Amy know, any -one in New ?®5oriiksdetitic,nau:'; j . . An old woroan tbat used 'to keep house for her father. 'She thought that she conid find her." " Great Heaven 1" cried Oscar, growing pale in an instant "Just think of that child, alone in the great city, without home, friends, or utouey, hunting for a person, who may have moved a dozen times since she knew her. Edith, she had far better be lying beneath the cold waves, I fear." " You don't tlii.ik she has come to barm, do you ?" asked the lad. " It is impossible to think other wise. But you meant well, and your secret shall be kept, for the time at least." " You'll try to fiud her, may be ?" said Dave, doubtfully. " 1 shall leave no means untried to do ao. Can I aid you in auy way V asked Oscar. " If you can belp me to a situa tion, where Icould find time to pick up a little learning from books now aud then, I'd be mighty much obliged to you." "Do you want an education?" asked the gentleman, looking at him in some surprise. ft YIjvma JLavi avis aewMX ' i4n hp iiiiau vutug uu answered Dave, with an eagerness that almost transfigured his homely, freckled face into a handsome one. " I promised my mother on her dy ing bed to learn all I could — to study hard if I got the chance." " I'll remember your kindness to Amy," was the gentleman's brief reply. " Good-bye." CHAPTER VIII. alone. 5eaVia®ci'5 that she was lost iu the great city, - baffles description ; aud sinking down on a step, weary and hungry, the girl began to cry. The beauti ful faith in a divine power, which had been instilled into her mind from early infancy, seemed to recede from her. Presently a. man's foot steps sounded on the pavement of the lonely street near her, aud she jumped to her. feet with a cry of alarm. The stranger came close enough to speak. " Don't be alarmed," he said, " I'll not hurt you. What are you doing out so late ?" His tone and kindly manner re assured her, and going toward him, she exclaimed: "Oh, dear, kind OAS, A CLUA AW OU J. 1COOO| VV ill JUU put. me into Thirty -second street ? I have just arrived here, and must look for my friends." The pale beams from a neighbor ing gas-lamp fell on her face, and its exquisite beauty struck the man at once. Turning to the light he took out his watch. " A beautiful girl lost in tbis great city at two o'clock in the morning ! Who'll be the wiser if she's never heard from at home ?" he thought. ' Have yon any friends ?" he asked, aloud. " None except the one I am look ing for," was the imprudent reply. s I am an orphan." A gleam of triumph shot into the man's eyes. " Suppose you go home nith me to-night, and find your friends in the morning," he said, in an insinuating tone. — " You are very, very kind to mo. Papa always told me that God Would answer prayer, and I was praying . when. yoq. piupe along. I 'iii weak doubts that Lad arisen in ker hour of peril. . : - The gentleman — he was well dressed, and called himself orte- smothered an -exclamation of dis gust before it left his lips, and draw ing her hand through his arm, hurried her along at 4 rapid pace. After fifteen minutes bf first walk ing, he paused before a handsome house, took out a latch-key, un locked the floor, and ushered his strange guest into his hbmA £he entered without a doubt of honour of the man, felt -no misgivings for the future, and laid her head on the soft pillow, when she was' shown to her room, with A prayfer of thanks on her lips to the Father, who had been so mindful of her. . ! (Tc.be Continued. J- : 