Riot ami Mutiny. Voyage of the Dolphin. \\\ Mutiny, waM attempted murdor, at tacks by savants, escapes from ship wreck, thrco csi Wd convicts as stow aways, and nurue puR accidents mark the trip of tho steam V Dolphin from Now York to San Fri ycisco as one of tho most remarkable reado in many years from tho east to the west coast of Amorioa (says tho San Francisco Cul'-M July 11). '£3 At ono timo half the cvcw wore iu irons, and at another many of tho fire men and coal passers had to tnko rofugo in tho rigging while tho nogro cooks and stewards stood holow with firo axes ready to cut away tho standing rigging and allow, tho masts to go by the hoard and drown the whites. / Tho military authorities at Coronet quelled that disturbance, and six of tho ring leaders arc now serving time' in tho Coronet calaboose, ono of tho vilest prisons on tho face of tho earth. After getting rid of the ringloadors thoro was very little trouble on tho ship. 1'ho Dolphin was formerly the steamer Al Foster, and for years sho has boon considered ono of the fastest excursion boats in"' Now York harbour. She was purchased by tho owners of tho Rosalie for tho Soattle-Skaguay trade, and a captain and a purser wore sent cast to bring' tho vessel to tho coast. The Dolphin is not built for ocean travel, so sho had to bo strength ened throughout before tho inspector of hulls and boilers would lot her leave port. Then tho captain had consider able difficulty in securing a crow for tho long voyage, and in order to make up his complement had to ship men ho would never havo taken in any other circumstances. Some of tho mon did not show up on sailing day, and their places wore taken by Sau Luoian negroes. Then the trouble began. On May 1 tho Dolphin sailed from Now York for San Francisco. Off Cape H'attcras a violent storm was passed through, which tested the weatherly qualities of the ship to tho utmost, and satisfied tho crew that she could live in any kind of wcathor. Tho forecastle, however, proved to ho almost unin habitable, owing to the quantity of water that found its way below through the ventilators. So tho captain brought all the forward hands on the upper deck and gave them state rooms to livo in. This act of humanity afterward almost proved tho undoing of all tho white men on board. After a run of nine days St. Lucia, in tho AVest Indies, was reached, autl the vessel was coaled.' On May 11a start for Monte Video was made, and up to that time not a sign of trouble liad developed among tho crew. Soon aftor getting underway three stowaways wore found in the steward's department. It was then blowing a gale, and tho captain could not put hack to land them. It would Have been hotter for all hands had he (lone so. The next day one of tho men who had been shipped at St. Lucia recognised the men. One lie said was a notorious bandit. Another was an escuped mur- derdor, and tho third was a lunatic. I Tho captain's informant had been a | policeman in tho. Barhahoos, and ho said ; there was a hue and cry all over tho "West Indies. after those tnon. ' Tho ohipf steward, roiuforccd by these dcsporadoes, now began to show himsolf. Tho third day. out hp got into a ' squabble with a fireman, and nearly killed him with ii heavy chair. Tho steward was a burly nogro, and had' not the engineors driven liini back at tho point of thoir pistols ho would havo assuredly killed tho fireman. As it was six'stitches had to ho taken in tho fire man's scalp, and ho was laid up for tho jjglaindor of tho voyage. From that, -rime on thoro was nothing but troublo aboard, and- several times tho blacks arose aud attempted to ovorpower the whites.- . A Dozkn in Irons. When tho Dolphin arrived at Monto Video there wore a dozen Saint Luciano in irons, while tho ohiof steward had been disrated and was uncjor surveil lance. Tho captain appealed to tho United States consul at Monte Vidoo for assistance. IIo wanted to leave his mutinous men ashore, but tho consul would not havo it that way, and said ho must takp tho mon to tho first American port, which meant, to v all intents and purposes, the ship's destina tion. Soon after leaving Monte Vidoo tho Dolphin ran into a pampero and every thing movable on dock was washed away. On reaching I'tinta Arenas, at tho entrance to the Straits of Magellan, thoy found that tho town had nearly boon wiped out of existence by tho 1'atagonians. Tho natives had mado a descent upon the4 place, killed 14 of the Chilano soldiers and sot firo to the buildings. A dologation came out from tho post, aud after telling thoir woos to the captain asked for somo firearms and powder. The captain presented them with a 3-inch gun and a quantity of ammunition. In return the Chilanos sent two boatloads of fruit, vegetables, and fresh meat. The passage through tho "traits was attended with many risks, and twice the ship was swept from stom to storn.- The williwiis came down from the moun tains, and almost carried tho ship to destruction on more than one occasion; During tho last hurricane two steers and their pens, which had been pre sented to the ship by Chilanos at Puntn Arenas, were washed overboard, and that ended tlie supply of frosh meat. When the western end of tho straits was reached instead, of standing out to soa tho captain turned into Smyth Channel. The Terra del Fuogans now began to make troublo. Fcegans Make Tkourle. There was troublo, euough aboard, God knows," said tho purser, but these natives kept our hearts in our mouths all the time. The second night wo wero in Smyth Channel tho alarm of fire was raised. There was a small blaze aft, whioh we soon put out, but after, that there was no sleep at nights for anyone. The Terra del Fuegans keep a fire in their cauoes all the year round, and when tho father dies or is incapacitated the son takes up tho job of keeping the flame alight. At night they steal up alongside of a ship and lighting a torch at a firo they silently throw it through a porthole. — " ... ..'i'.1 .. . , i ; r v.J Should tho vessel oatoh -fire they mato an attack while all hands aro engaged in fighting tlio flames, and if tho .firo has gained any headway tho end oouios sooner -or later.. Tho snilors nro pithor slaughtered whilo escaping in tho- boats or are murdered aboard the vessel. A year ago a Chilian gunboat was sot on fire by those miscreants and every one of the crow was butchered. " Tho next night we were ready, for tho rod dovils from tho ' Land of Fire.' The chief engineer had all the metal stanchions, niul every piece of iron that the ' nativos could touch if thoy attempted to dome aboard connooted with tho dynamo, and tho current was kept going all night long. Ono native touched a livo wire, hut all'wo know about tho matter was the shriek of agony that came up out of tho darkness. For four days tint! nights wo were on tho rack. During the day the natives would come alongside and want to trade, hut we kept them off. At night thoy h'overcd around us liko silent spectres, and on many an ocoasiou thoro was a cry of firo and a rush to put out a lighted brand 'that had come aboard from the dnrknoss. " An hour before, we left Smyth Chatiuol tho natives came alongside und one of tho men bought a small pig for four empty tomato tins and a jack- knife. lie got the porker aboard all right, hut as he was lead ing it forward to the slaughter it got away. A pig hunt followed, hut after knocking every table in the dining saloon down and mixing up every man on the ship the porker made his escape through a sido port and was picked up by tho waiting Terra del Fuegans. The .man who made the purchase swears tho animal was trained. He never saw his pig or his tomato cans again. Negroes Ran Amuck. " AVe arrived at Coronel on June 14, and then the trouble aboard broke out into an open rupture. It rained all that (lay, and no coaliug could he done. The firemen aud coal passers - seized tho opportunity to got drunk, and the negro ; cooks aud waiters followed suit. AVheu j the two mot on the niain dock there was a clash and the negroes got the | worst of it. They soon turned the tables, I however. They seized tho fire axes and dared the whites to coine on. Led by tho chief steward the St. Luoians drove the firemen- and coal passers into the rigging. The negroes then began cutting the ship's decks and standing rigging, so the captain sbnt ashoro iu a hurry for assistance. "The United States consul appealed to the authorities aud they sent a train 10 miles into tho interior for a detachment of troops. The troops arrived a few hours later and wero sent aboard the Dolphin, whore they had a hard time of it subduing the mutineers. The chief steward and five more of the ringleaders were taken ashore aiid locked up in the calaboose. Among the ringleaders were tho bandit, the murderer, and the supposed crazy man. They were tried on Juno 17, and each of them was given threo months in the mines, which is equal to three years' penal servitnde in the United States. Had the ring leaders ' been sent hack aboard by the authorities not an officer would have gone out on her, as the St. Lucians had evidently made all their plans to cap ture the vessel and murder the whites. r : — , . . - - , . — ; — - - "AVhile in port somo of us determined tq.tnke-a.run uslibfcp Such a. plaeq I havo novor seen in my lifo. One-half of the peoplo arc lepers, und tho other half ore murderers and cut-throats. They kill for tho sake of killing, and .a man with a decent suit- on .lias" not a ghost of a show for his lifo if ho appears on the strcot after dark. When we ' went ashoro' Consul Downs advised lis to go armed and kcop a close lookout. Ho said that throe, days before ho had been attacked, and had to kill the would'-bo assassin iu self-defence. Fuel Aiiono Cut -throats. "To explain what follows I have to go hack to Now York. Tho second assistant engineer is tho owner of a fine revolver, which ho had loaned to a friend. It was returned to him on sailing day, loaded, and all ready for use apparently. When wo wont ashore the engineer put this revolver in his i hip pocket, and I did the samo with, mine. On our way hack to tho ship j I was a little iu advance, und hurrying. Suddenly something dropped hesidq the engineer, and when ho looked over his , shoulder he saw a dozen leprous-looking nativos coming towards him, while in the wooden sidewalk at ' his feet quivered a long knife with a short yolleiv handle. The engineer at once drew his gun and threatened tho crowd , with it. Thoy fell hack a few paces, and he started on his way to tho boat again. Tho natives then started for him on the run, and the engiueer attempted to fire his pistol into the mob. Five times .he snuppud tho trigger, and five times the gun refused to go o2. With aery of 'rnucho nialo,' the natives made for the engineer with thoir knives drawn. " Luckily a fow seconds beforo I had made a remark to the engineer, and getting no answer had turned around to see what was the matter. Seeing the peril iny comrade was in, I -at once ran. to his assistance and fired two shots into the crowd. Two men fell, and that stopped their advance. While thoy were consulting wo turned round and ran, aud tho natives followed. At the next corner I fired another shot into them and tho engineer snapped his use less gun five times more. To mako a long story short, wo got aboard in. . safety, x and not a man ventured ashore again whilo the vessel was iu port. Au investigation of tho engineer's pistol showed that his friend had broken tho , pin oii the hammer, and the gun was as useless as a piece of serap iron. "From Coronol to Sail Francisco the negroes, being without their loqdors, behaved themselves, lint there was not a mail among the whites aboard the Dolphin who would repeat that trip for a fortune." On Saturday uiglit tho third assistant engineer had his feet badly scalded uy au overflow from the foedbox. 