CYCLING. I i .MARKS, [By Handlebar. | I Wve good authority for presuming that Martin will be a competitor, at the Xjeagne's Octobcr fixture. Walne bas afrived in Sydney to undergo the winding- up process in view of approaching meetings, and Beau champ has returned to Melbourne from Tasmania with the same object in view. Lykke and Shand should be here also, though )t would be hardly fair to expect the South Australians to do much. As Sband was in Queensland a few months ago, the statement that he had accompanied Lykke around the world was incorrect. it soiirids like a {airy tale, but the following is true:—Mr. J. Dillon, of King William-street; was cycling from Aldgate to Straxhalbvu on Sunday last. It was the first time he had been in the district, and thoroughly enjoyed the picturesque ride and !>eautiful roads, but when descending-the hill leading into Strathalbvu the scene for a moment. changed. "For a second or two, 1 ' remarited Mr. THUon, *"I did not know what had happened. There was nobody about, and no wind to speak of, yet I had scarcely recovered from a vicious ta|> oh the. head before my hat disappeared. I am not given to hallucinations, but had I «een a ghost I could not have tumbled from the machine more quickly. Then the mystery was 6lved. A magpife had my hat, and was struggling o get awajf xirith it- He dropped it when I aimed a stone at" him, but charged me again and again when I had recovered the hat and attempted to mount tie machine. I muS, have been ddaved twenty minutes before the bird could be driven off." It w£s an experience Mr. Dillon docs not wish repeated. Magpies frequently attack people who interfere tfith their nests, but this is the irst tiiue I fcaVe heard oTthe bir4 taking such a ancy to a headgear. . An old-time cyclist in Mr. A. Gault called a ew days ago. Gafllt .was one of the first officials in cvcledom, and had Ji failing for long-distance mcidg fifteen years ago. He still retains a deep nterest in the sport, though he will be known to ew of the present-day cyclists. After struggling «; a "blocker" near Aldgate he has transferred is labours to i t*and looks well on it. E. Hale, the English cyclist, who rode 100 mite day, Sundays excepted, for twelve months, docs ot appear to have suffered from the task. Dr. urner examined him two days before he comleted the effort, and reports that hp was astoundd at tlale's tfraditlon. "He looked healthy and f rtl," said the doctor, "but was thin, though not oo fine drawn. There was no indication whatver that he was muscle- hound. He has the build* f a distance man, with long hsel bones. His p egs and arms are rather long for his height, hi« high-bone in particular being greatly developed. is nervous system was in perfect order, and is pulse was quiet and steady. His arteries were a oft, silky, and elastic, and the heart sounds perect. Tiie heart itself was enlarged, the ape* ^ * eing displaced about an inch and a half downards and an inch to the left. There were no igns of circulatory disturbance. The condition of he heart is what must be expected in anybody ho has led an active athletic existence, the heart uscles, in such a person becoming enlarged. ale rode a chainless throughout the performance. p Te&tree; Golly attracted a fair muster of Artel ast Saturday, the wheelmen proceeding via North delaide ahfl returning by way of Paradise. The oads were ill fair order, and the outing was thooughly appreciated. This afternoon is the- cap- s ain's run. v G. Wybuid. "who-will be remembered as having o competed with Fred Wood. English cliampion, and Clarke, Scotch champion, on the Adelaide Oval in lfeST, died in Sydney last week, This is glorious touring weather, and cyclists should not les sit pass without geting an insight into the beautiful country within easy reach of the city. It is marvellous the number one meets who have been content to potter about the plains, and lisve allowed seasons to slip by without exploring the beauty spots of the Mount Ixrfty Ranges, a trip worth trying is to train to Aldgate on Saturday afternoon, and cycle to Meadows for a late dinner and bed. It is such a pretty district that time passes quickly. On Sunday ride to Clarendon for luncheon, and thence home in the afternoon. You will thus-have a round trip of fairly easy riding, good roads, and supeih scenery.- ' One does not require in tlie way of a lamp anything much better than a Ring of the Road, but there are many who favour (he more brilliant acetyliire illumination. The trouble with these in the past has been that it was necessary to either allow the carbide to burn out, or put lip with a smell something in common \vj i h a we] 1 -known soap factory in tlie city. The difficulty 'is claimcd' to hav*» been overcome by the inventor -of the Phaenomen, an acetyl ine lamp just to hand at Werthcim's. If looks go for anything, success is assured, for it is really a handsomely nickclled and fetyli.h looking accessory. The gas can be turned off at will, whilst the light is excellent Another neat novpliy is "a tool and pump valise of a triangular pattern which fits into the frame. The front lets down like a trapdoor, and the tools, instead of hoing loose, are located in loops for their, respective sizes. Rubber bands, which can be used for a variety of purposes, from trouser-* clips to parcel holders, are • cheap and useful articles amongst an immense stock of cycle ware. A. case of fittings—an Electra £aken to pieces—aiford an object lesson in cycle construction. From the Dunlop Company I have to acknow ledge the 1899-1900 booklet dealing with the wellknown tire. As usual, it contains many valuable hints, is well illustrated, and is a handy companion for every cyclists The booklets are obtainable gratis from any of the depots. A pamphlet is also to hand headed with a portrait of W. Martin, and dealing with the performances in Western Australia of the original W. M. Oat of seventeen events Martin piloted his Imperial Rover to victory no less than thirteen times, and finished : second three times, and third once, whilst he lowered the half-mile record, standing start, to 52 sec. The season for cycle stealing appears to be on, fnr no less than seven machines have bin stolen during the past ten days. Tlx; frame of one machine *ras found in the Torrens, and it appears a habit of the thief or thieves is to exchange parts of machines, so that the task of identiflca- perrons micl.to save themselves ae ultimale loss of tlie article iiv first communicating with the Detective Deparinwrit to make sore they re not lmyiiis stolen property. Machines left bout town should be locked. A lock and chain f- r'r .'ul f . tralian, and Ariel nassed the time plcasastlv on Saturday. Tlie hills told on the oui-of-eond'itinn division, but the run home and the meeting generally were much appreciated. ( It has been arranged that cyclists will take in the procession on Peace Day. ! .fT 1 J 01 Fr^5ay that ™, I? rkke had returned, but its foundation is as un- ubstantial as a punctured tire—leaky' I Ohainlrss midlines are quicklv coining into fa- 1 gut. Mr- 3. Mullins has just unpacked 2 Steams of this typr. particulars of which must be held rill next week. . 