Pure Drink. THE NEW INVENTION. One day I had dinner with an old ?lady in an African towD, and she pro duced a large bottle of champagne, betwepn three of us. Instead of drinking it all, we got one glass each, and the old dame corked the reBt up for the next meal. We were guests and couldn't protest. Next meal that beautiful champagne ?was a poor sort of gooseberry wine. It was 'flat.' What had left it? What makes wine sparkle and dance and glitter and look alive »nd taste good? What goes out of sparkling wine when it goea ' flat ' 1 A chemist would tell you that C02 has evaporated or stolen away. Thao raises the question as to what CO2 is, and why can't we put C02 back again 1 We can ! You tal-e a ' seltzogen ' and watch the process. It's a big, heavy, ftlasH bottle, covered with wicker-work in case of explosion. You pat a lot of clean water inco it, and then you fill a receptacle with tartaric acid and carbonate of soda, and you screw that up tight. Then you turn the ' selt zogen' wrong side up and let the water get at ib, and there's trouble. The white powder bubbles and boils and fumes and breathes 002, or, in other words, carbonic acid gas. That gets into the big bottle with the water, and the water absorbs a large quantity of it, and the plain simple water comes out with a rush like champagne, and we call ib ' soda water.' Suppose you put ' flat ' champagne into the ' seltzogen,' in stead of water, you'd get a sparkling champagne out instead ! Suppose you come out to Oooma and look at the spring, you'll find that it is a first-class eServeacing water. Why ? Because it is charged with carbonic acid ! Then what is the bottled ' soda water ' that we use so much of in mi\k »nd whisky and ' brandy and soda 7 ' It is plain water, charged with CO'. The other day I was out at a station nearly 100 miles from the nearesb railway, and they had ' soda water' »nd all sorts of effervescing drinks. Bat they are bulky. Certainly. Well, out at Ohillagoe, in Nort.hern Queensland, I saw a ' sparklet,' and I saw ' soda water ' being made in a way that attracted my attention. Ab soon as I came back here I resolved on investi gating that method, and as 1 know a little bit about chemistry (enongh to be aware of my ignorance) I soon got a chance. Some clever chap saw thab if you could make pure C02, and compress it enormously, you could carry enough of ib in your pocket to make hundreds of gallons of ' soda water.' To make the C0o was easy, because all you've got to do is to burn coke and run the product into a tank. Bat you get a lob of things in the fumes besides CO2, and the clever chap knew thab. The old alchemists thought that the fumes of things were ghosts, and they called the gas ' gheist,' or ghost, and that in where we get our word from. The modern man takes the ' gheisb ' of coke and washes it- and scrubs it and gets it quite clean. Then he runs it into a tank fall of a strong solution of potash. This is a particu lar sort of a fluid, and ib won't play with all ghosts. Bat ib welcome! C02. All the impure ghosta are turned away ! Having filled the potash water up with C&3, the next thing is to get it out, and the way to do that is simple. You boil the car bonate of potash (ib iB potassium car bonate now), and as soon as it reaches a heat of 212°. it bubbles and yells and gives up its friend, CO2, and the clever chap catches it in a big iron cage. Then the clever chap (call him the 0.0.) compresses that with a pressure of 300 lbs. to the square inch and fills tiny little metal ' sparklets' with it, and seals them up. TbeBe tiny little things, like eilver bullets with a tail to them, each contains enough CO;, to aerate, say, a pint of water. Then all yon've got to do is to fill your sparklet bottle with clear water, put one of these bullets in, Bcrew down the lid, and — there you are — a beautiful ' soda water.' The ' bullets ' are as cold as ice when the carbonic acid rushes out of them into the water ; it makes a cool drink of it. A queer thing is this. Cham pagne iR a good thing for sea-aickness, bub so aleo is soda water, only it is cheaper. Thab is because of the soothing effect of the CO2 on the nerves of the stomach, C02 is a good healthy thing bo take, and the C.C. who invented this method deserves well of his country. Bub the main point aboat it for as is this — you can get a ' sparklet bottle ' to carry in one pocket, and you can carry 'sparklets ' enough in the other pocket to provide free drinks for all hands for a week. You minimise the cost of carriage, and get an absolutely pure drink — if yon use clean water ! In an analysis made by the ' Lancet ' in London they fi.nnd that the carbonic mcids in the ballets (' sparklets ') was as near absolutely pure as you could get it. There is no ' absolute ' in nature, but these contained 97*75 of 00o, and you can't get much nearer to th« abso lute than than. The other fraction of 0 25 was oxygen and nitrogen, both harmless ghotts. I've goo a ' sparklet ' on the office table, and you can Sfe what it's like. I'll stand the ' soda ' ; but if you want any firewater, or champagne, or anything, we are strictly ' T.T.' One other point is this : 144 'sparklets' weigh three pounds, and occupy a space of 4 x 4 x 10 inches deep, and thab is equal bo 200 full-sized bottles of soda water. 