MY SILVER JUBILEE. (Copyright.) I by IADY gilbert. . it.nr of ' Banshee ObsHo,' ' Helty -r«vM 'Four Little Mischiefs, ' 'Gion- m' netta,' &c..; «co. not (it that time partner in the big lament of Silver, Smith, and Co.. 'f a?iogm,u!om.V character as a careful £ian of their valuables, I nattered my hat the cleverest swindler in London have to give it up if ho were to try lv tricks on me. 'was about noon /.hririitday in tlio neigno oi u.o I £ 'Xymaaofpa.ticu.ariygent.emanl.v Iring and elegant dress came softly into oursliop, and closed our awing door with a li htness of touch significant rather of re Bnemcnl than of levity. I thought, as he approached the counter, ,hat I had never seen a more dignified mem to of tho Church establishment . He had .1 typo of face that suggests the cultured leisure of tho cathedral cloie. So typical was ho that I felt almost sure I lmd met him before,' and swiftly ran over in my mind the to, occasions on which I Had hovered round circles which would naturally be graced by such a presence. His black clothing was as ?oft as silk, his hands were Bpotless. the hat he wore was peifect in its expression of a modesty which refrained from making olaim for the entire reverence duo to tho wider brim of on archbishop. 'IwiBh,' he said, with a slight wave of tho hand towards tho glittering glass case» behind me, ' to see some handsome articles of silver for the uso of the table. In faot, I, am in search of a wedding present for my jjughter. She ha3 already been overwhelmed iith personal ornamonts, and one hardly knows what to select.' . He put up his gold- rimmed oye-glass, an eye-glass so clerical that it seemed as though it had never been uBed before for any pur- I pose but reading the Bible, and stared mildly op and down the Bhelves on which jugs, 1 tea-urns, candelabra, and all such para phernalia in the most costly workmanship, were displayed'. I promptly unlocked the J doors and drew forth the treasures, and ranged them on tho counter in front of him. It was soon evident that he possessed an ex quisite' taste, for all the articles of more heavy and florid design were waved aside by him with a shudder of disapproval, while he hovered over the more delicately-constructed vessels with a deprecatory smile of satis faction, which seemed to say that, in as far as his ascotic calling would permit, he waB | pleased with these trifles, which were so manifestly nf the frivolities and vanities of this lower world. As he discoursed about the merits and de - j merits of the various articles, in low, por- ; suasive tones that suggested the pulpit, a carved and cushioned pulpit dominating a ' silken-rustling audience, I found myself . gradually coming under the spell of a singu lar fascination. Never had I met with a customer so intimately acquainted with, and so curiously well-informed on the subjects 1 connected with that part of my business which was after my own heart. I had al- j ways had a taste for the more imaginative . side of tho metal-working^urt, and had even . made some designs myself which had been thought to be rather successful. When my clerical customer murmured the nanie of Benvenuto Cellini almost as of one ho had known and loved, my blood was stirred, and 1 gave myself up to the enjoyment of one of the most delightful conversations I had ever engaged in. Having paid a hurried visit- to Mt myself, it was yet new to mo to hear m/nutc and technical descriptions of the' antique treasures to be found in, for instance, the Florentine museums or the Vatican. Irom these ho ilitted lightly to the posses lion of art of this kind contained inEngland, even in unsuspected quarters, as far* as th 9 general public is concerned. ' I myself have in my hands , (as a sacred deposit of trust, of course),' he said, ' some ofthomost exquisite specimens of Church vessels. Popish relics, no doubt, but still estimable from an historic point of view, us well as intrinsically valuable in an extraord inary degreo— a chalice, candlesticks used on the private altar of the great ' Thomas a'Beckett. If you should be travelling at any time in my part of the country I should be most happy to show you thesB curiosities.' Some words he let fall later on led me to tie conclusion that he was Archdeacon wraebody and my curiosity as to his identity -ra« considerably aroused. However, up to this point ho gave me no information about himself, having all the time the mannor of a man who was everywhere known, and who expected to be everywhere recognised. I concea Bd tho fact that I did not recognise bun, and hung on his words' with the open a miration to which ho was evidently accus tomed, though ho accepted it with an air of modest deprecation. ? ' But this will not help me through my business in London,' ' he said suddenly, puli nghirase'f Up. t am in town on]y for ^ y, and have many things to do. It has been Wle a temptation to talk to a manwhois acquainted with these matters of raro and *e'Urt' 1 must, really make my selec tion, however, and tear myself away ? ' men came the business of choice, in which ® bound to say, he shewed himself a 2teJ' nmdo a collection of the moBt ' it a8 wel1 38 tho most costly articles in our establishment. wiZ°? 'I' Say 1 ara 6XtraTagant,' he said, with i ' ' *-rovi^enco has endowed mo alt„„ ,m°8t t0° krSe ' 8hare of w°a-th— not S I? ' rOVenuo from the Church, but a add tt, t8 Fltnmony'In ^'f-defence,! may my worlril T' alway8 gander it in this Si ! u vmn-glorious manner. But leaving!' '' °'iy daughter and alio is noble Kri !naklne an alliance with a t W,e'' 01,0 feols ''at one must : 'mjke ller ashamed of her father. ' ? toa^rm ry, in,voiu'tariiy mad° a° eff°rt nie whether or not I had seen of the approaching marriago £on Tt' Wlth l'° daU*bter °f a° Arch the Bubieof 'i'8 unable t0 Cive attention to few brid! V m6rely re-lo°ted that very fS»eTer rcceived » prettier gift for w lm a.gen1oroU8 father, than the tan made clltterin2 collection had have^omn' 'm Sai-1, when all was dono, '? I bai* in an h UTC'8 t0 B°' and 1 8hn11 cal1 P»yo«|, l,'Ur ^ pureltases. I shall tlla chuDeo t' BhaI1 ask you t0 have articles come to ^SoTt l'0 f°r£5°0i th° right, yes I n 1 - y0U 8aid- ^uile baak-Ba'nk of* I Teith° n0t0 fr081 the MnHde™«Ui!dt,P-rU^S8iona of ,ny unlimited i! 1 °'ay sav it 'f f 11ebtful ropresentativo However Mm u ? God and Mammon, mimer* i ' ! ' n,ay be to so''o two io it- It, h''8 who had learnt how to fleetinir am] 'ougl,t «ould be no more than ?''Wneanrt »!rraK,'entl?ry in 00mP'ny so ub left 'io shon I 'wcinatuie- Ab my customer hi' «6uro th. n .a n,red tho elegance of 8cvcrc perfect i ' of ,liB bearing, the .! went tu w?'i, 8 clerical habiliments. -V*cked aD(i r 10 '.,avo the silver articles occupied during the whole ' of the prescribed hour in fitting thom neatly into ^ very large box and enveloping them in olouds of safety-onsuring material. Punotunl to timo tho purchaser returned. I saw him alight from a hanaom and stand for a moment making soino urbane remark to tho cabby, who seemed unwontedly well pleased with his fare, and I advanced to wards tho door to roceivo him with suitable empressemont. I retired bohind tho counter to count the noteB and gold, amounting to £250, which. I had providod as change for tlio note for £500, which had boon duly deposited in my hand. While doing bo, prudence urged mo strongly to ascortain that tho noto was b genuine one boforo parting with the money of the firm, yet it was with a twinge of remorse for tho disloyalty of the suspicion that I despatched a trusted messenger to my bank with a line in writing asking to bo satisfied with tho honesty of the note. I kept my customer engaged in conversation until tho return of my envoy. wJio brought me tho assurance that I had conlidently oxpected. Tho note was as good as any ever issued by tho Bank of England. I counted the two hundred and fifty pounds in notes and gold into his hand, and, at his r'equost, sent, a messenger for a.cab to con voy him and the box of silver to the rail- . way. station. He had dtsmiaaed the han som of course, as a four-wheeler was necos sary for. tho accommodation of the box. We were standing in the -middle of tho shop, the box waB in waiting near the door, and while we talked 'I held the Bank' of. England note open in my'hands. My olerical customer's parting words wore as interesting at all the I rest that had fallen from his lips, and I was really rather regretful when the sound of a cab stopping at the door announced that iny intercourse with him was at an end. ' I will give you my card,' were his fare well wordB, presenting it to me, ' Arch deacon Sutherland, Venerable- Bede Hall, — — - sbire, and if you should ever care to see thoBe interesting curios — the old ohalice, in particular, is worth a visit ? ' The entrance of a policeman out short the ' sentence. For some momenta it was not apparent to me that the advent of this per | son had any connection with the presence of ! the Archdeacon, even though I saw the big ?nan in uniform walk up to my customer and j fix upon his amiable countenance a solemn . Btare, which might easily be the result of the magnetic power of the latter .jn compelling admiration. Not until the policeman i stretched out a mighty arm and planted a rude hnnd familiarly on the Archdeacon's shoulder, saying, ' You're the-man I want,' did I understand what the intruder meant. I Then, glancing rapidly ' backward over the entire transaction in which this w6rthy clergy man had played a part, and with a re assur ing look at the bank note in my hand, I felt indignantly confident that this was a case of mistaken identity. ; ' I've got you this time,' the policeman went on, 'and a nice dance you've led me. What's he been up to here 1' turning to me with the contempt of a man who iB obliged to suspect everybody for one who has been too easily taken in. ' You make a mistake — an unpardonable mistake,' I began. This gentleman who has completed a most satisfactory purchase is Archdeacon ? ' ' Oh, I know,' said the policeman quietly. '''So 'he's ' been doing the clerical, has he ? Last time he was au army colonel ; time be fore that it was a h 'American millionaire. Must say the clergy line is exceedingly be comin' to him. Might as well have reached' up to a Bishopric when he was about it. : The whole list of !em would be hard. set to: find a match for him in the lookin' of the , part.' ' ? ? ; I glanced from this vulgar servant of the ' law to the calm countenance of the venerable J accused, who seemed to disdain all attempt at self-defence, only murmured as he turned [ his eyes upon mo and elevated his brows : , ' It is quite too absolutely ridiculous 1 Tho man must be intoxicated ? ' | ' This person, sir,' said the policeman, j ' is ono of the --most notorious swindlers I we've got in Europe. There iBn't a city that , he hasn't grabbed in. An eel is a fool to him in the way he has of slippin' through the ' fingers of tho force, ' ' At least he has done nothing wrong here,' I remonstrated. ' He has made a handsome purchase,, and paid for it on the spot.' j ' Howdid ho pay you for it ?' j I held up the note which was still in my hand. ' Hum ! Bank of England. Will you 'allow mo to look «£ it ? Just as.I should have expected— a forgery I' ' Impossible,' I declared. 'I have just received the assurance of tho Bank that the ' note is a genuine one.' | ' The policeman smiled pityingly. | ' I know them bank gents,' ho said, ' as .easily taken in as yourself, 'sir, begging your jiardon. Intakes a man like me to detect tlio . tricks of -such as he. Let me take another look at tho note.' | He look it from my hand and walked to the closed glass door to examine it. After a full minute he returned and placed it in my hand. ' Keep it. sir, and be 'appy,' he said. ' If that's not a forgery I'll go to gaol myself for the mortal remains of my life.' I looked at the accused dignitary and Baw that a change had now come over him. Ho glanced uneasily al the note, and turned ereen. and then white. ' Try to get him out of thiB, for God'B sake,' he whispered to me, ' and let me go I am no match for him. Give me back my note, and I will give you your change, and leave you your silver ? ' ' Don't be so frightened, air,' I eaid; ' have courage, and all will be well.' ' ' Nothin' easier than to prove your inno cence before a magistrate,' said the police man. ' But how about those other little matters that you have been wanted for? At all events there's a cab waitin' for you at the door, and 'you'll have to come along. Oh, you would, would you?' aB the poor Arch deacon Btrugglod against tho disgrace of the handcuffs forced upon him. ' I would rather act quietly in a respectable establishment, but I may as well tell you that there's a good many of the force waitin' outside for a whistle from me, and we can lay you by the heelB, aud take you that way if you' prefer it.' Hearing this my unfortunate customer Bub sided in deBpair, and suffered himself to be handcuffed and conducted to the cab. ' Now, Bir,' said tho policeman to mo, ' this is a big business, and you're a lucky man to have got no further in it. You havo this box of silver put in the cab. I'm goin' to take the prisoner before the magiB trato at once, and the silver muBt be pro duced, and you will have to accompany us to swear to your property. Oh; it's a big boxl Thero won't bo room for all of us. You will have to follow ub in a second cab, and you must bring the Bank of England note with you. I ought to tuke possession of it with tho rest of the things in evidence, but per haps you would be better satisfied to keep hold of it yourself.' I seized my hat, gave a few hurried jn structious to my subordinates, and walked out of the door just as a seoond cab drove up, that which had'been sent for before the arrival of tho policeman. After a few re assuring words, Bpoken through the window of tho first cab to my poor archdeacon, who was as palo as a ghost and looked ready to weep, and with a satisfied look at tho box of silver, which was carefully stowed on the seat by the policeman, who kept his hand up on it, I got into tho second cab, giving orders to tho driver to keep the first cab in viow arid to follow on it closely. My reflections, as I was driving along, were curiously mixed. I was quite at ease i»'ith regard to tho property, for, not only was tho Bilver in charge of the police, but I held in my possession the archdeacon's Bank of England note for £500. Tho £250.in.the archdeacon's pocket wero also in chargo of tho police. There could bo no risk of loss to tho firm even in case it should bo proved that my fascinating archdcacon was indeed an unholy fraud. But I could not accept tho -possibility of suoh- a conclusion to this ad venture. As we rattled through the thoroughfares I put my llead out of the cab window from timo to timo to see that., wo wero following cloBoly on the other cab, and for a considcr ablo'time I.had it well in view. At last the leading vehicle got a good way ahead of ub, and though I thought I could still see it, I began tp got a little uneasy. However, after another short interval my cabman pull.ed up, and assured me over his shoulder that a block of traffic had got between him and tho cab.he was to follow, and that he had quite loat sight of it. ' Never mind,7'' I said, and gave him the address of the magistrate's court; ' that is where we have to go. If you drive fast now you will ov,ertako them.' After half-an-hour's further driviug we arrived at the court. I jumped rout of the cab, and gazed around me. Thero was no uppearance of another cab, or of my friend tho archdeacon , or ,of the policeman. I thought that if they had arrived first, some one would have been in waiting to direct me now to proceed, so couciuaea tnat atter an, i we had made the better- speed, I lingered about the door ' for ' somo timo, and then I went in to make enquiries. Nothing had ever been hoard thero of the persons I. was in 1 pursuit of, and I haatoncd.to tell my story to the magistrate. ' On hearing the case'stated he immediately asked to see the five hundred pound note. 'I should say that your policeman jyas right,' he said, 'and that' the note iB % fraud.'', ..., . , I i£ub.tho Bank ? ' I I think you had better take it to the Bank,' he suggested. I followed his advice, and the Bank pro- ' nounced t he note to be a forgery. I referred to the information sent me only an hour'or so earlier as to this identical note. . ' - f ' This is not the identical note,' was the reply. ' An exchange has been effected.' : ? ' But it never left my hand,' I protested, ' except for about a minute while the police: man examined it.' .Tho Bank official looked grave. - . ' It was a clever trick, ' he said. [ ' But the policeman ? ' | * ' An accomplice without doubt. - I never heard of a more cunningly-devised swindle;' , Years have passed since I lost sight of that receding cab in a London thoroughfare, and no news of either Archdeacon or policeman has ever since reached me. ? The affair was a great difficulty in my career, but I outlived the misfortune, and can afford to speculate with good humour on the possibilities of the ' case. I still remember the Archdeacon with a kind of affection, and I never see. the form of a tall, dignified ecclesiastic enter our piui.-o w uuaiucan muiuui a Liirin oi nair expectation that here is my venerable friend returning to toll me tho sequel of this tale, and to recount to me all he iia3 suffered, 1 since I saw him, at the hands of that ingeni- 1 oub and villainous robber— tho pretended ' policeman. ' ' | And at these moments I am f∈ to put out of mind tho glaring fact that inquiries made throughout ? shire had resulted in ; assuring me of the absolute non-existence of Archdeacon Sutherland, and the Venerable - Bede-Hall, his interesting residence, (the End.) 