IN B0SP1TAL, WITH THE N.S.W. ARMY medical cores. the second contingent. the kookaburra's debut. fighting enteric fevkr. (From Our Correspondent.) Base Hospital, Sterkstroom (S.A.), March 13. There is just timo to sit down and give you some Idea as to what the Sec ond Contingent of the N.S.1V. A.M.C. are doing, and where they are— that Is to say; a small portion. We arrived at East Lon don on Wednesday, Feb ruary 20. disembarked, and marched up to the Town Hell, amidst great enthusiasm along the streets, flags flying ot nil sorts, even the Aus tralian flag; banners . waving, and streamers i stretching across tho I streets on which mottoes < were painted, such as "Welcome Australia," "East London Welcomes tier Australian uousins, "uooo luiue second Australian Contingent," "Bravo, N.S. Wales," and many others. On arrival at the Town Hall, which, by the way. Is a very handsome one,' on a par with the Paddlngtcn Town Hall, we were re ceived by about 2500 ladies and gentlemen, Includ ing tho Mayor, town clerk, and other members of tho municipal and local bodies, and as we had marched about two miles and a half up a terribly steep hUl, amidst red. sandy dust and the tnevit- \ ablo mosquito, we were In full marching order. At the Town Hall our eyes were gladdened with the sight of long tables, simply bending under ibe loads of good things prepared for the "boys of Australia." After an hour's speechifying, the whole crowd sang "God Save the Queen," and then an avalanche of ladles, girls, and men, both young, middlc-ngcd. and otherwise, simply broke up the patient Second Contingent with cokes, pies, sand wiches, buns, bananas, pineapples, oranges, pears, apples; watermelons, aud goodness knows what else. Then camo the more vot'ant members of society with bottles of lager bier, .Bass's ale, Guinness's stout, whisky, brandy, and ' Cape ' smoke," a curious spirit only Intioduced to show us what drinks are like .in South Africa. Then we all fell In. and, 6lrange to say. were marched to the courthouse and police station, dlsratfsrd, and tho gates locked, no ono being allowed in or out. Later on. we felt In. and mnrched down to the train, where we found mozt comfortable first an I second class carriages. The boys were very much . surprised to see the way In which b.da could he unfolded from' the back of the seat3, and to raa'io beds for bIx, an item that' might be well copied by the N.S.W. Railway Commissioners. Tbe good " . people of East London saw us off, amidst gea' cheering and hand playing. ' They bad put a large watermelon and six pinenpp'c in each carriage. ' which were much appreciated by everyone. IVe arrived, at Totee River about 5.30, and stoppel for hreakfact, which consisted of reil good po rld?e, pork sausages, and ham and eggs,, mutton chopi, and coffee. About S o'clock we made another start on mtr journey to the front. On the plat form of the station, where n considerable, number of people had assembled to see "the Australians," wo' met n son of Inspector-General of Police Fosbery, of Sydney. drcBBid In the inevitable khaki; everyone wears it; even, tho softer, portion ... of the community have taken to having their ' dresses made of it, their boots and stockings being of the same color. We soon after arrived at AU- v.-nl Station, which is celebrated as being the place where the Kaffirs made their last great stand' In their last rising, and the forts erectzd round the town arc still standing. The railway station has four large stone fortresses, with rifle holes let In, so that even if a party of Boers had ventured near they would havo met with a warm reception, Wo had dinner here, and a very good one it was— our first dinner in South Africa, and It was served up In similar style to an ord'nary dinner that one could get at a railway station in dear old Sunny New South Wales. We were told that .the peoplb of Queenstown had prepared some kind of reception for us, and on we went, arriv ing there about 4 p.ra'. All the townspeople had turned out,, with- flags, bands, etc., to meet us,. \- ' We were now treated to our first vle\| of tbe "gay \- and festive Boer." Several were amongst- the ' crowd, wolfing to meet us. They somewhat re semble the "Cornstalks" from the H&wkOBbury; " district, tall, woll set-up men, with lightish brown fcptr nnd<beards, usually dressed In black, with a .while shirt and collar, also the now well-known grey Boer slouch hat." The company detrained, 'and fell in a double line, and ladies walked up and down distributing tea, coffee, lemoande, sand wiches, grapes, pears, pineapples, and cigarettes, tbe last being specially welcome. As tbe train ,6tcamcd out. three hearty cheers were given by our boys for the kind people of Queenstown. country that the wily Boer likes— widc-fprcadliig plains hemmed in with high, rugged mountains v . and rocks, tier after tier of broken rocks rising up 1, . at -various points, making flnc cover for armed '5.. :Tcbclsor Boers, as the case 'might be. As the strain steamed along many varied expressions of amazement were made at the tortuous loutc 'taken by the train to escape tunnelling. > come ot tho curves were very acute, so much so that the englno was plainly visible by all in the train. We travelled at the rate of about 28 miles per hour, stopping now and again to take In wa iter. We steamed through, a cloud of enormous ' locusts, which simply flew In clouds, darkening , tho sun's rays. Millions and millions of the chirping khaki-colored destroyers flew up and round and in the carriage windows, and many a .locust found Imprisonment in a "soldier's" match- ( . box. to bo sent back to Australia as a curio. Wo arrived at Sterkstroom, tbe point of dtscm- "harkatlon. where tho base camp was, arid wero met by the real Tommy. There they were in thousands, drawn up In companies, squads, . groups, and . all ready to welcome their Australian cousins, who had come so far to help the sick and ' wounded. We were marched from the rtatlon to : the "soldiers' friends" large marquee, nod were T addressed by the English army chaplain, who ln- r troduccd the general in command, in the absence . , of General Gatacr'o, who was busy at Storroberg, the scene of the reverse of December 10. Tho .'tables, were laid out in true "Tommy fashion— ; hugo plates of thick bread and butter, cheese, jam, and large raw tomatoeB. The "boys" fell, to, and after a few more remarks from gentlemen In khaki, and whose breast wero covered right across with parti- colored modal ribbons, we marched away to the enlivening strains ef the flno regimental brass bond, which preceded us. playing "Soldiers of the Queen," "The .British Grenadiers," "Sons of the Sea," and various other .lively tuneS. . There were about 8000 men ot ail arms of the service camped, waiting for more reinforcements before attacking General Olivier and his follow ers at Stormberg, which is about 27 miles or bo away. It was nearly midnight before the ttred N. S. Wales men got to bed, tired out with pitch- lag our tents, watering horses, and mounting a guard, and no sooner -did it seem we had lain down than tho inevitable "reveillo'' sounded, call ing us onco moro to our feet. Then started bard work— coats off, sleeves rolled up, and every one from 1ho genial Major Eames, who Is a great fa- vorito with all. to tho lowest private, was bard at work getting things sblp-ehnpe for General Gat- acre's visit on Sunday afternoon. Thero Is one member of the coitlngdit I have forgettea tt tui- tion, who created a great sensation In the camp. . as ho sat on a dry log by tho "kitchen" fire, and simply burst into peals ot laughter, which rose , higher and higher, till tho whole camp rung . with the guttural laugh of the kookaburra, or laughing jackam, owned by Corporal "Sandy" Wilson. - Tbe Rontgen Ray operator was offered In my presence £10 In gold, and not-Kruger gold cither, for him, but he Is the pet of the A.M. | Corps, and no money could buy bim, and bis cheery laugh recalls many happy memories of ; Australia. Right out in front of our. camp, which 1 , looked very imposing with the .tall flagetnff, from , which liung suspended the pure white flag, with tbo Red Cross of Mercy and Help to all, and at < night a red and white lamp threw a light out Into tbe dense gloom of the veldt. In a day or two everything was shipshape, the colonel, or as be is known by one and all, the "big-up." evidently from the rotundity of his figure, soon "licking" | all of tho second contingent Into first-class order, ably assisted by Staff-sergeant Ebbling, a real 1 first-class man, who travels as general factotum with Colonel "Bill" Williams, who has been ap pointed as colonel In charge of all the Australian 1 and New Zealand Medical Corps out here. Quar- 1 tor-master Sergeant Howeth looks after the com- ! ralssarlfft department. Last Monday week, our : llttle'family of 93 was broken up, 12 of us belog picked out to take charge of tbo base hospital, which is situated at the foot of a high mountain In tho centre almost ot the town. At the time of ' writing these lines, I.am sitting by the side of h. man dying of onterlc fever, which is very preva lent amongst, all the regiments. It Is now 2.I0 In tho morning of March la. 'and the air Is very cold and frosty, although- tho heat to-day wii over lOOdeg. In the shad?. Three Urge thick pairs of blanket are over every patient, of which thero are now 156, and every minute we are expecting a train down from Stormberg and Burghersdorp with more sick. There have been 23 deaths from enteric fever slnco the beginning of January, and more are likely to occur. It Is a curious fact, that thero has been only one caad in 15 ycara here until tho camp was formed. Wo have comman deered the church to-day and have 26 men lying on tbo floor. There aro three largo tin buildings, built by tho Royal Engineers, >ach holding ifrom 16 to 20 men, 11 largo marquees or oval shaped tents, holding at present from 7 to 15 men. The local schoolroom also is turned Into a fever ward, and contains 38. Our men here, whoso names will bo of Interest to friends in' Sydney, comprise: Sergeant "Tom" Sullivan (in charge), Sergeant compounder Loney, Corporal Watts (acting quar- ter-maater). Corporal Bream (clerk to Colonel yandeleur Kelly, In command) Dodd, Hale Nclsb; Burns, Hartnett. Ea.ves (servant to Colonel V. Kelly), F. Paula (cook to the officers), and H. C&rew; Reynell, and we aro most ably assisted .and tbe poor elck Tommies carefully watched and attended to by Superintendent .Sister Gould, from Sydney, who Is loved by all. So are' Sisters i Johnson, Newton, Frater, from Sydney; also Ste- < ten Necly (from the Buenos Ayres Royal Hospi tal, specially sent out); Lewis (who Is a native of theso parts); and Cbaffey (an English nurse, of experlenco). The doctors, who -are all thoroughly experienced and well-tried men, com prise: Captain Gulil&mard;, Taylor-Brown, Major i. Harris, and our respected Colonel Vandeleur Kelly. Our sisters have made themselves very popular with all, and as our- number of pa tients are increasing so fast, we are expecting more of our sisters, who remained at itfe bo&pi-; ! taLln London; also, 35 extra men. to help us ! in our really arduous and dqngerous duties. It lis a very -bad1 sight, indeed, especially, at night, to go through the tents and wards, to. see so many flne specimens of the British soldiers' lying toss- I ing, delirious and utterly helpless, In the agonies of this deadly disease. In one. bed you will 'ceo I a small, closely- cropped boy of 17, a drupmer or bugler, whilst next to him lies a tajl artillery- .man or a.sQout,.all muttering ; and , talking in !. rambling sentence; concocted in their aching, > drlcd-up brains;' and' here and1' ;tj\ere lies one \- roUnd whose bed. the fatai blgcl.ccteen Is drawn, foretelling' to allHbat the ezid'pf'Jthe campaign to him is gradually drawing near. At night the scene is moro solemn and heartrending. . Tho. groans and mutterlngs seem much worse, ' and, by- the palo yellow light ot the candle In the lan tern, many a white haggard. -faco 'shows up from the pillows so altered by agony and wasto that many a mother would not recognise tho son that kissed her good-bye only a few months back. Everything is done that can ho done on a cam paign, and tho doctors nird surgeons aro ready day and night to com to a patient If called up on. A gentle, dark-oyed littlo sister named Newton flits round with her lantern from ward to hut and tent, silently sweeping up the dtmly- Ilghted room, or pushing her way through tho dew-laden folds of lbs tents, her smoothly-cool band ever ready to brush back tbo tangled hair off a burning, throbbing forehead. She is al ways on duty at night, and her work Is very trying and arduous, as all medicines are given by her, temperatures taken and entered in a book for the inspection of the doctors next morning. I do not know really what we should do without our nurses. Our corps has gained great credit for the efficient manner In which all tbo men have carried. out their very hard and extremely disagreeable duties. The hours aro very long, being from- 5.30 a.m. to 7 a-m. the next morning, without any sleep or rest. Every man does duty from 5.30 a.m. to 6 p.m. tbe same day, and every third day comes the 25&-hour duty. The only thing that Is rather peculiar Is that, though we are amidst the awful .conditions attending this disease, inhaling poisonous gases night and day, on our feet from morning till night, not one drop -of stimulant "&f; any kind is served out, and I have seen some of the men actually ready to faint, from exhaustion. A' few days ago one of ' the. bravest men who ever trod the arid, sandy veldt of S. Africa, was killed while trying to steal up and spike tbo big gun known as "Long Tom," mounted by 'tho Boers in tbe magnificent fortifications built by tho -Royal Engineers on tbe top of tbe Inaccccslblo mquntain at Stormberg, Captain Montmorency, tbe head of. a. magnificent body of picked scouts. He was shot In seven places, and died imme diately. His servant Byrnee, whose life ho saved at Omdunnon in tho lost campaign, for which he. received the much-coveted -V.C., was near him,', and escaped unhurt He also received the V.C. on the same day for a deed of great bravery. He is simply broken-hearted, and will not be consoled. Captain Montmorency's body was recovered. by him and brought to Molteno, and hurled with all tho honors possible, General Gat- acre at tbo gravo saying that "Thore lies tho bra vest man in -the British Army." There are hun dreds, of stories of this gallant man, of which 1 will relate some at a future date." Up in tbe little graveyard here, where some time back some cowardly Boers deliberately fired a shell when the funeral of o soldier wounded at the bat tle of Stormborg was talcing place— the bote.' Is still to be seen where the shell struck— there ly ing aaleop for ever, In two long rows, rest 27 men who havo died for England. One, Colonel Eager, of the Royal Irish Rifles/ wounded mor tally at Stormberg, captured by the Boers, and exchanged for General Prctorious, died od the way to the hospital bore. Next to him lies Cap tain England, ot the Royal Scots, and another officer. Every grave has a wooden cross mado by the hands of comrades,"' some since kill ed at Dolrdrecbt; Cyphergat, and Birds River . ' One feature of the camp here Is , the armored train, which Is known as the "Ghost" by the Boers, as it flits here and thero, and- they cannot understand It. It'Is'a very fine piece of work, made In Capetown, and has done excellent service. Amongst the "Tom mies" it is known as "Cosset's wife," as Captain Gosaet, ot the R.I.R., is In charge, and fairly wor ships It. General . Gatacre often does reconnoitr ing work on It, and many hairbreadth escapes have the tw'enty-eigbt men who man It bad, as the Boers have shelled It rcpeatcdiy. I have a pan of a shrapnel shell which burnt all over It. There is one' detffc mark on the side where it wbb , struck. - .Wo heard. to-day Ibat a mall- party of our stretcher-bearer company has been attached to S the Royal. Artillery,, and proceeded direct to tbo I sceno of the next fight. My luck, and all of ours,- to be out of It; but we all hope to see and . llear a volley fired In the campaign before It | closes. The whistle of the sick train has juat j blown, and. we have got to go. up to tbe station, 1 about a mllo away, to bring down som sick men. j The cry la still, they come! i ''S-uncfl Jn tho court room!" shouted a police I. magic trace. "The court has already committed prjfconm without being- able to hear a word cf t?'tcttlmony.M-- "r ri'rsrrlanr-Don't-you hear yonr mother calling j you? Tommy Tufflcy: Yes. Pedestrian: tycll, «hy de you not answer 7—Tovixny:- 'Cturvlt ain't . Pi .,v | KOrc-POM GUN CAPTURED FROM GENERAL CRONJE AT PAARDEBERG. -. - ; -v. ' , - , (From-ttiPliolo. s,ip|illed tby; Oui- -Special .Wni- A!-: 1st :j = I - ' 7 - . iWLs BOERS SNIPING AT THE MILITARY BALLOON FROM THEIR TRENCHES, PAARDEBERG DRIFT. " 