. A SILENT RHINOCEROS. Still-hunting at night in Africa has its drawback's and suprises. These are some times in the form of snakes, sometimes of larger things. What it was that surprised Mr. C. V. A. Peel during a nighfc hunt in Somaliland, is told by himself. He was staking oryx, a kind of antelope. We could not see more. than ten feet before us, he says. I tiptoed, in my tennis shoes over the stony ground towards the oryx. Not a sound could be heard. Sud denly, on turning a bnsb, I became aware of an enormous head and horn within three feet of my head. I had literally walked into a big rhino ceros, which stood rigid. My shikari, who had my rifle, seemed petrified. I gave a glance each way, and backed out slowly and noiselessly, and got behind the bush. As I turned to take my rifle, I saw the shikari farther back, behind another bush, and pointing at tho ' rhino.' I turned back, and there was the great beast ad vancing toward me without a sound. It was now rny turn to run. When I reached my servant, I took the rifle and proceeded to look for the rhinoceros. We could find it nowhere. Hearing two oryx close by, I started to stalk them, when my shikari again stopped. His faco was as while as if he had seen a ghost. He pointed and whispered. There, within a few yards, stood the rhinoceros which I could hot find a mo ment before. I was unceremoniously dragged from the spot by my shikari, who waa superstitious. 'Leave him !' ho im plored. ' It am do debil — you no kill him !' With much persuasion I got the men to go back, as I wanted to shoot the animal, I found him standing with his side toward me. I levelled my'big rifle and was on the point of pulling the trigger, when he gave one wriggle of his huge form and vanished in the jungle. That, was too much for uny men. They ran for their lives. I am not superstitious, but it wa3 a curious fact that during all that advontnr* uot a sound was made by tho rhinocetos j not even a stono rolled under hia foot as h« moved. Aud in tho morning we could j find no tracks, 