MellboMHue Football. THE SEASON OPENED SUCCESS FULLY—PUBLIC INTEREST KEEN. (By JACK WORRALL.) T.AST Saturday was tho day fixed upon hy bo til the League and Association execu tives for tho opening of thescasori. The day was almost, perfect, and judging by the crowds that patronised the various grounds, football has unmistakably regained the con fidence of the public. The game; to a' groat extent, has hean miHfi™r...imi u ie »rt w« sincerely hoped that tho players of tho various teams will not by vicious play alienate the much sought after public sym pathy. With foulness eliminated from the game it is a magnificent Winim- pastime. A groat crowd of spectators witnessed the inatoh at Collingwood, where Fitzroy, last year's premiers, went down after a stubborn battle. '.There was a splendid at tonilanco on , tho East- Melbourne C.G;, whore Essendon and the Southerners tried conclusions. Tho peoplo turned up in' great force at the Prince's Oval.to cheer andcn courago the local champions; whilst the gamo between Melbourno and St. Kilda was well patronised. Tho Association games also aroused keen local enthusiasm. Taking Saturday as a criterion, tho coming season promises to bo brilliantly successful. There was a great crowd of peoplo at Victoria Park to seo tho game between Fitzroy and Coillngwood, and they assisted at a great struggle. Tho local executive have made a much-needed improvement in the playing spuco, and when tho top drpssing hns bocomo thoroughly sot it will ho a fine playing ground. A ladies' pavi lion has also been erected, capablo of seat ing a couple of hundred. It Is a real boon. Tho Colling-wood band materially livened tilings up, and rendered some excellent se lections. A good band is a requisite at every match. ; Both teams were fairly well represented, though Collinswood wero without the services of F. Leach and Dow. Considering that the game was tho first of tbo year it was a' very fine ono, and thc fumbling, under tho circumstances, excusa ble. Play was full of fire and spirit, as it Should -be. Without devil no team has a ghost of a chance. Taken right through, however, there was a marked absence of spiteful play. At the start Fitzroy were quicker on tho ball, whilst Collingwood de cidedly shone ln the air. They were evenly mntohed, and, except for one quarter of an hour, in tho third quarter of tho game, thero was nothing to choose lietweon them Althouglrdefcaled, Fitzroy fought it out to tho bitter end. It was anybody's game at half-time,' with Collingwood only a point ahead. But after the interval Collingwood Increased in ddsh, nnd exhibited more sys tematic work in front of goal. In tho third quarter, with the Bcores exactly oven; Con don, tho. Magpio' skipper, with groat judg ment and dash, by successive running shots togged two goals, and Collingwood thenco to too finish never looked back, and won with 10.7 (117 points) to 0.10 (46 points). Tliero'ls no doubt that (lie bettor team on thedny won. and tho Magpies deserve overy credit for their flno performance. They wcro strong at all points, and the best of a good bunch were D. Watsford, who was in groat form,' Condon, Bronnan, Hailwood; Pannam, Monqhan, Tulloch, Duncan, Loach, and Slmc. For Fitzroy, Drohan and Des cr'imes played finely (the former prominent for dash, and the latter for solid graft), also Robertson, Potter, Sloanc, and Kiernan. Of late years tho Maroons havo had a mar vellous' back team, comprising in the Iiighest degreo weight, pace, and strength. I havo never soon them so much at fault as on Saturday. Hlckoy, their dashing cham pion, searoly did anything, making his pre sence felt only by a fow dashes towards the finish ot tho game. He surely cannot bo in form. Mick Grace also was never romlncnt. ICeenan improved, admirably. 