WITITI THE BUSHMEN. LETT"ER FROM A TASMANIAN. The following are extracts taken by the "Advocate" from letters received by Mrs. Goucher, of Ulverstone, from Sergeant-Major Goucher, of the first Tasmanian contingent: Marandellas, May 13.-Another bud get, perhaps the last for some time, as we leave here to- morrow. We had a church service this morning and a foot ball match after dinner with the South Australians, resulting in a win for the Tassies; it was a smart game, and ereated a lot of fun. We are to march for Buluwayo in easy stages of about 15 miles a day, and as it is about 300 miles we shall be quite three weeks on the road. Twenty-nine of our horses are dead, and my poor beast has been kicked so terribly on the forelegs that he is a complete wreck. He has been sick, but has fought hard for existence, and is now improving; but I am afraid I shall lose him, as I could not get him to eat his supper. It is hard to see them die just as we get fond of them and they of us; they look so pitifully at us and beg so for relief. *They seem to appreciate the little kindness we are able to do for them. We watch and tend them night and day; but to little purpose. Some of our men will march the whole distance, and all must march more than two-thirds of .it, as the horses are not strong enough to carry us the 15 miles. I am senior warrant officer'of the 2nd regiment, in fact the" only one I think, and therefore I shall be regimental" S.M. Captain Riggall is the senior captain,ana will probably be promoted to major. Lieutenant Lowther, of Scottsdale, who was to command one of our troops, is ill and I as to be invalided home, so that one troop will be without an officer. Yes terday, a number of Mashona chiefs, about 70, came in to see our general, to know the meaning of so many white soldiers being in the country, and to see the Australian soldiers. They ob jected to pay the hut tax imlposed by the Rhodesian Government, and we may have to make them yet, or fight. The Matabele are st?l restless, and cannot be trusted. Boer agents are all over the place trying to make them rise against the British. If only this railway system coula be got into order, we should have plenty of troops and material to be able to deal with them. Food supplies and gear are very short, especially for civilians, who have to pay over SO per cent. in excess of or dinary prices. Butter is 12s Gd per lb.; 5s for a tin or baking powder; 3s Gd for a 21b. tin of treacle; bread, is 6d the 21b. loaf; sugar, Is 6d, etc. Eukeldoorn, May 21.-We are now outsannued, waiting for a supply of oats or mealies for the horses. Our next. township of any size is Gwelo, 85 miles away; we hope to be there next Saturday. We have lost three horses this 90 miles; I had to shoot my poor old fellow two days ago. I have got his tail end in remembrance of.the poor old boy. . Poor old George 'Towers has gone into hospital this morning with fever, but, although he looks a good deal broken up, the doctor says that he ought to be on the road again in a few days. You will be glad to know that I am very well indeed, though Sin. smaller round the waist. I am get ting hard and well able to do my work. This is a wonderful country, and will be a grand place to live in, say, 10 or 50 years hence, but to-day 1 should not care for these wilds. Kive-Kive River, May 25.-'We are now within 17 miles of Gwelo. Last night at 10 o'clock outspan we all had a tot of rum to drink the Queen's health, which we did, with three hearty cheers and then sang the first verse of the National Anthem. We hear that as men arrive at Buluwayo they are sent by rail to Mafeking' to form a strong column, to operat.e from the westward to Pretoria. We were all sorry to be detained so long on the road, to make us late for Mafeking re lief. Yet we hear that some of the Beira route column were there. Our information is not very reliable; we have to trust to trekkers, etc., and when told around the camp fires it is gene rally taken cum grano sails. It will be a treat to get a letter. We are wondering about the camp at Easter, the birthday parade, the send off of troops, etc. We expect to be rein forced by the last lot from Australia. C Gwelo, May 26.-Arrlived at 8 a.m. The town is not very large, but is nicely laid out, built of brick and galvanised iron. We hear that one of the mines here has sent in 2G01b. weight of gold for one month's work. Gwelo is the centre of the richest gold-fields of the country. We are now 24 miles from Buluwayo, after an uninteresting march fruom Gwelo. We are engaged most of the day trying to rid our few horses from the tick pest. I am now sitting on what was a battlefield in 1896. It is called Dambesi, or, as some maps have it, Imbambesi. Two days ago we camped on the first massacre of whites in 1896, which caused the Mata bole war. A monument has been erected. I have enclosed a sketch which I made of it. Corporal Smith, of Wynyard, has taken a photo of it, I and has promised me a copy wher we return, and that will not be long, so I far as I can see. We hear that Lord Roberts has occupied Johannesburg without opposition. The oxen have just gone to be inspanned for our evening trek, so in 20 minutes we shall be on our way again. a Buluwayo, June 4.-We arrived here on Saturday. At the end of the trek I had a touch of malaria. We are en camped for the present on the agricul tural show ground, but are to move into a permanent camp in about a week's time. The town has some fine .buildings I went to St. John's yester day evening; the service was a great treat-good singing, and the old hymn "Come Holy Ghost Our Souls Inspire" was sung as an anthem. IThe first part was a soprano solo,nextba duet, then thb full choir. It was a mixed choir, but the males were surpliced. The bishop preached on peace and goodwill. We then went to hear the B.S.A. Police Band, which is composed of some of the best musicians of South Africa. I knew the last piece, "The Better Land." It was splendidl9 reidered. We then returned to camp feeling more civilised than for weeks past. I "\;as very pleased to meet an old shooting chum yesterday, Dan Gow, of Launceston. We were soon talking mirage, fishtail, tar gets, etc. Ho is working at his trade, and doing very well. His chum is a sergeant, tailor of the B.S.A.P., and was formerly in Hobart, so I feel much at home. Sergeant Kirton has invited me to the sergeant's mess, and also to a picnic on Wednesday. The B.S.A.P. sergeants are going to the Khama ruins, about 15 miles away. They were discovered about 18 months ago; it is a city with a' stone wall five miles in cir cumference, and is thought to be of the prehistoric age. Nothing is known of it except that Lobengula had his camp there. It :js said that golden Itrinkets have recently been found. Since leav ing Marandellas orders have been issued for us to garrison Buluwayo, so that our chances of going to the front are very small just now. Our regiment is to be composed of Queenslanders, in stead of Victorians, and Victorians and West Australians from the 3rd regi ment. The second and third are to be camped together, and the first at what: is called the Hussar Camp. We are glad of that, as the first have got a bad name here and elsewhere. Here is another story, the same writer adds, apropos of the war-a true story, to my knowledge. One of the Dritish officers, now temporarily stationed at Pretoria, wrote home a short time ago to his sister. "It is awfully slow," he said. "1 have read every book in the prison library, and there is not a thing left to do." The Boer censor who read the letter put a big blue mark against the passage, and a foot-note bclow "Now you shall see what lies your prisoners tell in their letters. The prison library contains ten thousand seven hundred and forty-one volumes." I do not answer for the number, but that was: the substance of the official sarcasm. The largest gold'coln in existence is worth about £63. It is the ingot or "loof" of Annam, and its value is writ ten on the coin with Indian Ink. For Children's Hacking Cough at night, Woods's Greet Peppermlat Cre. 1/L,* 