[?] XVI. My stay ia Sydney was short. The reconstruction which I had hoped to effect .in the mining enterprise, was nob to be accomplished ; on the other hand, the enterprise itself had, during my journey, given up the ghost. The traitor gang had, however, no advantage from the break-up; they had killed the crnnsp. that laid the srolden -eggs, and had no means of their own to carry on with* ? ? A.n old acquaintance, who had just come in to Sydney, desired to join me in trying to ' make a rise ' at digging, and was able to supply a little — a very little— in the way of funds. It was arranged that we should proceed to the spot I had 3 ust quitted and select either there or in some neighbouring locality a place for our operations. It was the eve of a public holiday — the Queen's Birthday — when our agree ment was made, and he waited to obtain a railway pass from the Government, but I decided to set out at once, walking, and made an appointment to meet him at the Yellow' Water Hole, beyond Nowra, on Saturday af ernoon. I took: the train, however, to carry me clear of the immediate surroundings of Sydney, and thas on Wednesday, Queen's Birth Birthdav. in the forenoon.. I found myself ou the Lily Vale platform, in the Southern colliery district, being as far from. Sydney as two shillings would take me by rail. I had chosen that station merely because the fare was even money, but in fact I should have made better pro gress by getting out sooner, for I found that the only outlet i'rom the station, other than the railway, line itself, was to a coal mine in the wrong direction. The line was so crooked that very little of ic could be seen ahead, and there beiug bui a single track, I did not cire to walk on it, not knowing when a train might meet me ; but there were parts where it became necessary to take the risk as tho only alternative to coming to a standstill. Eventually I came to the road, and followed it without incident to South Clifton, where I camped in the hut in which I had passed my un pleasant all- night vigil on the Sydney wards journey. The country thus far, and further, is, in the main, well pleasing to the eye; steep but not actually precipitous hills have been formed by the erosive action of weather and streams, whilst in parts the outlook is to the waves of the ocean. Approaching South Clifton from the Sydney side one looks across a small valley — :small as to extent, but not as to depth — let in from, the coast, and the bottom of which is' scarcely above sea level. The descent is by a pretty steep circuitous road'; before commencing it, one sees across the valley the high land, of mountain altitude, meeting the ocean abrnptly in a sheer cliff. The road is ?formed along the face of this cliff, so that to the left hand one has a precipice yawning below, with heaps of sea- worn rocks, or the encroaching waves of the Pacific, at its base; and, to the right, a precipice frowning above, from whose ve-ge leaves, twigs, and bits of earth and stone, are constantly falling on to the path. As the lower strata are, in general, softer than those of the upper part, and at 'various heights soft deposits underlie harder ones, the cliff, is, in places, actually overhanging. It is a matter of certainty that this road must sooner or later be destroyed, either by the direct advance of the sea, or, more probably, by landslips. TIiq road rises from the point of the cliff next the valley up to South Clifton, where it is still bounded on the right by ?what, it no longer an actual cliff, appears' at least like the flank of a mountain raiige ; and on the left by the ?wind that blows over.the ocean. Beyond, ., one descends by a course of gentler dale ? and hill to lower country, where in a low cliff, no higher than the wall of many a clay gully, is to be seen a Beam of coal exposed at the junction of air and wnter. Nearly all this way, and more, the hill sides and valleys are rich in tnaguifioent forests, in the state in which they were before the white man invaded the Australian continent ; but the virgin wilderness is hedged off from .:. the road by an almost continuous con tinuous' array of signboards, upon which it is set forth that these hills and vales are the property of such and such a colliery company, and ' trespassers will be prosecuted.' 'In consequence,' says one of these signs, which by multiplicity borders almost the whole length of roadway through the valley north of the great, cliff, ' in consequence of the depreda tion's of the public it is hereby notified that persons found lighting ' fire's or camping on any part of this estate, will be prosecuted with the utmost rigour of the law.' And the greater part of some thirty or forty miles is a mere repetition of such and similar notices, so that in the midst of the wild bush, which elsewhere means freedom for the traveller, he is here a slave forbidden, even in Nature's solitude, a SDot on which to set the sole of his foot, save the road only. Thursday's travel brought me from South Clifton to Unanderra, over country nofc specially interesting except in patches, and it did not take me long on Friday morning to reach. Albion Park, at which point I took a new route and headed for Jamberoo. The way was now through an open, hilly district until that town was reached ; there, steep basaltic ranges came in on the right, and quitting the road for a narrow lane, I turned in amongst them. A series of toilsome ascents and descents followed, in which the lane led through upland woods, where it became a mere track, and through deep shadowy glens of marshland and streams, where it vanished in a maze of foot-tracks, to reappear on the hill sides beyoud. At length, after an ascending course, it petered out altogether, abruptly, at the - door of a farm house, beyond which rose a mountain ridge or spur. The farmer led me a little way and showed me a bridle track, which wound around the spur, and, having come on the opposite side to about level with the spot where I struck it, terminated at another farm house. There, I had to pass through a milking yard and emerge on to another path, which soon brought me to the commencement of the serious descent. By this time it wa3 got ting dark, and the way was on the shadowy side of the mountain. At times I had a broad road — steep and full of ruts— and at other.times a narrow zig-zag overhung with interlacing boughs of small trees and great shrubs, so that I walked as if in a tunnel. This zizzag path, often, with nearly the steepness of a staircase, was worn into great furrows and covered with loose round stones, so that even in a good light the descent would have been somewhat dangerous. I had several times narrowly missed an accident, in spots where, had ray- foot ; slipped, f should have' gone down the track like a rolling- stone, iu an avalanche of rolling stones. At length where, for a space, the way was broader, a stone turned under my foot, and I fell heavily, The fall tore my clothes, and bruised me considerably, albeit I cared much less for the pain than for- the shock', which provoked me to Bwear long and loudly. I then with some difficulty attempted to resume my way, only to fiud that a- few' yards ahead the road was interrupted by a. stream, and that' the left side of the road at this point was precisely where- the bfcream commenced to take ou the character of a waterfall. On that side, unknown depths; ahead, darkness ; and between uie and that darkness the uncertain glint of the crossing water. Further progress was, for the time, put of the question, and it was bitterly cold on the mountain, so I made a fire ' and waited for the moonlight. It was a long wait, for before this spot could be illuminated the moon had to attain two or three hours' elevation. Then I picked my way, over slimy bars and stepping-stones, got across, 'and con tinued the long descent. The path brought me to the bottom of a stream washed valley, and then ascended, leading once more to a house at which it abruptly ceased. On inquiring there I found that I had to retrace my way to the val-ley, and discover a house with a detached kitchen; and by entering at the gate and passing between the house and the kitchen I should find a track which would take me out on to a road. Aud thence I followed the road to auother road, and the other road in its windings for miles yet, without stopping ; until at about midnight I came to the township of Berry, and finding there an empty house, turned in there to rest. ? On Saturday, having but some sixteen miles to make from Berry through Nowra to the Yellow Water Hole, I went ahead at leisure, and found my prospective companion with his tent pitched and on the look out for me to keep my appointment, which I thus succeeded in doing very punctually. 