CHAPTER XII, ,. ' i'tf T#E,WAKIKG HOURS. The'Hefbesdalps1 ball and' its unlooked for ier'm^&fU;'oij becsmo, ofjcpVi&e;, iLe1 topicB,6f VKe'day, The' ex'raordioary ap '? peaVarMe1 bf!-BI-BB? Kertlpwtll, who, as if speedily transpired, Lad never been in1 .viii'df her reBfarkabledVess, her rliVmonds, her airs and graces, would never be for gotten' by-. those who had- been* present at the scene; and ber announcement th;t Cbloe and Milly would inherit her grem fortune gave a touch of interest to the story such as might have been lacking if Miss Kettlewell bad been less rich or the Fleming's lesa p6pular. Then, trie'fc'iirl'ou3 likeness wbicb bad' do-v been discerned between the dead Lady Emmeline and Mr; Corbet's' war'd was a most engrossing theme. Even' the' Earl was startled by it, Frances Corbet's (ace had seemed vaguely familiar to him; buthe bad not connected it with 'any member of his own family. NoW.bdweVer, the fact was patent; it was common property. Miss Corbet was 'the exact image' of- Lady Emmeline Heron as she bad been before her marriage — so people sfitd, ; and poor old MIsb Kettlewell had rillfelakeri ttie girl for ber friend's ghost, and bad thought that sbe herself was sum moned to ber death by tbe visitant from another world. ;Jt'waB painful enough for Frances at the time, when she stood fronting the old lady, with the group ot onlookers ever pressing , nearer, and ctsting curious glances first at her and then at the picture above the mantelpiece ; it was extremely painful for Laurence, who began to feel that he had put the girl into a false poai tion, and that it might be necessary for him to make known (much against bis will) who Frances wbb, and where be bad met with ber. It was painful also to Lord Hernesdale, who, while MIsb Kettlewell was being conveyed to ber carriage— for, after all, Bhe waB not dead, but only insensible— came up to Laurence and touched him on the arm. Frances was cloaking herself with the Flemings in an ante-room, and Laurence waited to see ber ' before be went with Dr. Fleming to King's Leigh. Tbe Earl spoke in a subdued voice. ? I am very sorry for all this, Corbet, and for your aunt's sudden illness.' ' I am extremely sorry that we should have been so troublesome to you, my . lord,' 'said Laurence, courteously. 'There is one thing I want to ask — this extraordinary likeness of your ward to my , Aunt* Emmeline ; it is quite unmistakable, Do you know of- any connection, any rea son wby'it 'should be so ?' 'None -in' the least. I have hot tbe slightest reason to suppose that there .can be any connection.' 'It is just a curious coincidence, then. ' I fear' that it bad a disastrous effect on' Miss Kettlewbll's* mind.' ?' ? ?' ' « ! ? I am afraid, my auntVillness has 'been' coming on 'for 'some time,' said Laurence I Corbet ?? I 'tbii delusion- about 'France's'bas' appeared before now. It was nothing new; sHeTiad a fixedidea that my ward resembled Lady Emmeline.' j 1 1t is not to be wondered at ; the Jike ness ia'flSty're'alatkable.* ' ? ' Laurence felt Impatient, but 'be could ' say_no more; for at that moment Frances ' appeared, looking white, but perfectly ] composed. He drew her aside and spoke ; a word ln'ber ear. ??? - 'FiStteks, -I ''must follow Dr.Flerriirjg to myfav'tfi. Do you mind going back to DensMtie9 without me T I will follow' as Boon as I am free.' 1 Ob, no, I don't mind ; ' do; just as you think best,' eaid Frances,' without lookin up. He-:ould see that she had, been much Bhakeu'by'th'e i scene.— - 'Poor little gfrl, kespl up I' be mur. mured soft'y. ? . ' Doil«t let MrsrLe?tsr bother yoil.' Get' away to bed as soon as you can; I dare say I shall be back in goodjtinie'i'' ? ;: . . Tha pa'id^ai' caressing tone bad seldom failed' 'tb'brfrig a smile to France's face ; but on thf^'occasi'dn'ebe still looked grave. Laurence wondered what was in ber mind. He pressed ber arm gently with bis hand as be drew her forward to make ber last faretoel! nnd'toiollow Mrs Lsater to (be carriage. He won a faint, answering smile only when he eaid good-bye, and even' iriitbff 'anxiety aBto his' aunt's con ditidn'wbicli now took hold of, him, he fcund himself preoccupied by 'the problem of Frances'18 extreme pallor and gravity.' Could it be (bat- she was in some wav BDgrywIth him 7 ' Dr. ..Fleming . and Miss 'Wedderburn had gbne Witt) Miss Kettleweir to King's Leigh. Thither- Laurence repaired with all possible- spited, and 'found the doctor and the comp6Dibp' engaged in something like wordy warfare, in a sitting room leading out of Miss'Ketilewell's room. 'Wbo ib with ber?' eaid Laurence, breaking in upon tbe conference. 'A trained nurae from the Rushton Infirmy,r ' said 'the doctor. 'I Btnt a specie!' tneesoge for ber at once; and I {hlnjt, i( v/ou'd be well, Mr. Corbet, If you, as Miss Ket Jewell's nearest relation, rrautd represent to Miss Wedderburn that ths ^ouree'we are taking is the usual and c^ijByi.e'orie,.' ' vV-jb' do you tneen V said Laurence, urning to MIsb Wedderburn with some sharpness ' Any course that Dr. Fleming^ recommends is, of course, the right one. Have you anything to say against it ? ' ; ' I objecit eir,' said Miss Wedderburo, in a singularly unpleascntvoice. 'I object. I strongly object.' 'To what do you object ? ' 1 ' I object to tbe choice of a nurse. ' I object to Dr. Fleming as a^doctor. I'thiak another doctor should be called in; and I think that a London nurse should be pro cured, and not one wbo is under Dr. Fleming's influence.' -? : ? Do you know what you are saying ?' queried Laurence, sternly. 'Do you kbo.w' that you are' making '-a: most extra ordinary insinuai'iori ?' '?The woman's mad, I think,' eaid Dr. Fleming, in an irr^at?aVuinde.rtone.-; f5 'No, I am not mad,' said Miss. Wedder burn, facing1 round' Up6'n' him' ' deter minedly. * But I »m clear^sighted^toq clear-sigbiel for you an-I your* family, Dr. Fleming, I have long noticed the efforts you were makiDg to secure an influence over tbe mind of my dear and esteemed employer ; and in ber present condition I think it would be well if she bid those around her who could betrustsd, add who were unlikely to be influence; by merccnery considerations.' 1 In plain English,' burst out the doctor, 'who was hot tempered and not given to measuring his words, ' this woman, Laurence, accuses me ol wishing to get ° my poor old cou in out ot tbe way, and insinuates that I am. ready to commit murder for my piivate ends.' 1 After insul ing one of Miss Kettlewell'B relations in'this way,' said Laurence, look ing steadily at Miss Wedderburn, 'you do not expec , I suppose, to remain in Miss Keitlewell's house ? I will write you a 'cbt que at once for anything that may be owing to you,' 'Excufe me sir,' said Miss Wedderburn, drawing herself up with lofty disdain, 'but I sball wait for my employer's dismissal — or death — before I go. I am sure that she would wish me to remain' near her, and therefore, unless sbe herself dismisses me, I shall stay.' '? Dr. Fleming and Laurence exchanged significant glances. They knew that she .wad within her right. They could not turn her out of King's Ltii-l- so long as she wae in Miss Kettlewell's employ, and Miss Kettlewell was still living. They bad no pawer to bid her go if she preferred to stay. But one thing they could do, and they did it. Dr. Fleming, after formally asking Laurence's permission, gave or ders that Misa Wedderburn was not to be admited to Miss Keltlewel's room ; and also suggested that a London doctor and u London nurse should be telegraphed fo;. 'Send lorBirkett,' said Laurence, naming a famous London specialist, ' and consult with him if you like, but, of course, we have perfect confidence in your treatment, Dr. Fleminp. I think it would be as well, Miss Wedderburn, if you wore to retire to your room You are scarcely needed here, and possibly you may require some re6t.' He maintained a ' manner of perfect politeness,- but ibere waa somethitig.Oin his face which made Lavinia Wedder burn afraid of him. Sbe hesitated, tried to protesr, then yielded to tbe grim com mand of bis eyes, and reluctantly 'left' the room. .But before tbe. door closed, she turned and uttered 'a menacing word.|- .; , 'You may ba-sorry for this- sonSe 'day,' sbe said. Then she was gone. 'What on earth does sbe mean?' said Corbet, in a vexed tone. ? Is she off ber head? .Never mind her ; she is annoyed that tbe money does not seem to be coming her way ; that is tbe long and the short of it.' To be continued, 