litotes of the Day . (By 'Giabrio.') The peregrinations of the Federal Capital fVwmmteRimnc'r in. New South Wales, Mr Olivier, 'have produced a fine crop of reasons why many differ on; plates should be constituted the capiHal of. Australia. Some of- these ill's remarkable in i3ieir Grigina£iftyt among them being: 'tibe river is very, favorable for trout breeding,' 'persons could generally tolerate blankets on summer ir.gliilts,' 'there 6s snow on tflie hillls someiiimes 111 December,' etc. At; Tumult Lt was proudly announced that the summer 'oemperaJUire lor 40 years had never been over 110 ,degrees in the shiade, whiile the mid-day temperature in winter ik ad rarely been under 40 degrees, and 25 degrees was about .tine lowest point touched. After learn ing thait a climate ranging from 7 de grees under freezing' pointi to 110 in t!he shade as considered hv the Tuinii.t peo ple to be onei of the blessings o£ Provi dence. it is not surprising io no'ie that Ithey call tike winter blasJr. when the (thermometer is under freezing point, and . tTjicw on %he " mounitains, a. 'bracing wind," and not a severe one. ; Heaven only knows wftaether Mr Oliver ] "wall survive the /Cask of . deciding ; wQiieh of all the small towns with great auibMons which he visits is least fitted 'to - be 13ie favored site, but .the task of absorbing so much back block informa I 'Lien as lie is subjected to at present : should ait least entitle liim to liis screw, i The country res'idenit is capable of good efforts when he lets his imagin ' aaion loose in connection witSi a pos j sible railway, but when his -ambition j soaits .to tlie height of a Federal capi j tal he is magnificent. If tiiere is not ? to be domestic strift between several , coumtry towns in New Sou'Jb Wales', itlhe troubles of Japket in search of a fai'.her are likely ;to be eclipsed by tfliose of this coniitinent in search of a capital. If (there is one feature in wMdi Aus tralia Is lacking considerably more than any other, it as ghosts. Most of «.isc ol der lands lhave all sorts of spec:res. ap paritions, and similar ijerrifyiing 'Aims which seem to go to much trouble* to act idiotically, bnit so far Australia has .not developed many well authenticated ghosts.. Even Che renowned Fish er's Ghost, which its a;-aged to have been foolish enough 'to ti't on a rail ove-r a watetfhole on. a cold nigti'r, has nob had very much eifect on a people whi^e regard for spirits does not extend to imdrinkable varieties. Not even the banshee, itfliat weird Irish production, which 'is said It3 howl lugubriously wihen any member of the family to which it (has (attached itself lis about to die, has so far become acclimaimsed upon Aus itralian soil, unless its efforffs have been niidnaken for those of the indigenous dingo.. Lucidly, however, this matter is of little consequence, for a supernat ural prophet vlncli is so remarkably [indefinite .in its predictions, leaving pos sibilities for much uncalled-tor repen- j itancc on tihe part of undoomed people, ' while the real victim may die without | making a will, and with this insurance j premiums unpaid. can hardlp be regard-1 ed as anytMng but a supernatural nuis?' ance, and so long as this contlinent has. so many natural nuisances, it can get j along without spiritual. 1 The land of nike Kaiser, on itfc? con- 1 Itrary, simply abounds with "headless J ladies, sword-stuck cavaliers, goblins, : and other mysterious affairs. which are ' supposed ,ro be respectable on account of , ttheir antiquity, and every castle with any pretensions lti> self-respect 3aas at least one haunted room and a. family ghost.- The Castle of Berlin, has a. White Lady, who considerately comes out of flier supernatural seclusion to walk about the casftle's draugfnly pas sages whenever a. HohenzoiJern i£ about to expire. This weird female 4s so ancient that St would be sacpilesei 'to suspect her of making a. mistake, so as no Hdht3i2ollern just mow foas any desire to die, and a servant repotted having seen the White lady aft her1 old games. «tfce difficulty was got over i by sacking the servant as a misrenor- j -Iter. The servant's story, .however, was j corroborated by an army subaltern, 60 (the Kaiser sent for <tihe scared' youth, j and cross-examined him. Tlie story was unshaken until iflne Emperor asked what the- apparition had. in' her hand. 'A candlestick, your Majesty..' 'And , what in the otilier?' 'A box of moitehes, j your Majesty,' As no rig&fi; ghost was ever convicted of carrying ronnd wax vestas, this broke up batJh the ghost yarn and the Kaifieir a& the 'same time, and after William bad re covered from his laughter, !he dismis sed the quaking- warrior wfrb the sag acious advice not to notice too keenly ladies in white petticoats a?d bodiees who' flitted about Royal corridors a»t df-ad of night. At present, principal'?* owing 'to that White Lady carrying « boy of matches, liie HothenzoHerais are looking forward to Ions life, which ; shows how a ghost should always at j tend tj the proprieties if it wanitis to i succeed in business. If tfee principle is true- <thait he is a benefactor to humanity who makes -two liladtfs ef grass grow where one grew before, then the labe Mrs Regina Die cke; who lately shuffled off in South Hungary, deserved a greait deal of the' world ia general. The many relatives of Ithe deceased lady advertised their sorrow and their pedigree as follows . 'Filled with. grief, we inform ali relfl' tions and friends of the decease, on <the ,29th of last monrtli of our beloved mo T tJi&r;, . mother-in-law, grandmother, I graait-gxandmother. great-greai-grand ! mcitil;er, and great-great -grav-t -grand ' mother/ the announcement being signed" by i'liree sons, two daughters, two sons in-law, ffljree daughters-in-law, 35 grand-children, 12 of the fourth, and 3 of ithe fifth generation. If the prac ®ce of puMang in 'In Memonam' ads. obiains in Souith Hungary^ the Dieck descendants should be a respectable source'of revenue for the local paper sometime next year. At any rate, the name of Dieck in Hungary should con siderably oultlast the departed Regina. 