LIFE IN CAMP AT MARAN- DELLAS. BY THE REV. JAMES GREEN" CHAPLAIN WITH THE N.S.W. BUSHMEN. MA RAN DELLAS, May 3. . Marandellas is called the " Biiuat opium " of Rho- desia Itisoyer 5000ft. high, and a blessed with a told climate and fine scenery Rhodesians have a way of anticipating the future Time hotels and boarding- houses are to be erected here (BO it is announced by the powers that be, paid forthwith out of the imp tip able visions of imagina- tion the Rhodesian conjures a " sanatorium " This is characteristics It had asm , it is distinctly a country of the future. At present an hotel and a store, united in one ramshackle building, and a few corrugated iron sheds and native huts around the railway station are all that exist. I he biggest thing here is our camp, which is in curse of construction. for a week all our horses were stabled in sheds ; but now all (except the sick ones are in the lines, and we are all under canvas. It is said that no one gets fever here However, there are plenty of people with fever, though probably they caught it on the lowlands I saw a man in the store the other day so king from head to foot with fever and ague He told me he had been ill two months He had come to buy quinine We have at present about 20 men in hospital. Three-fourths of them have slight attacks of malarial fever. Father Timony has had a slight attack Lieutenant Westgarth, too, has been down. He stayed up all night with his sick horse, and next day developed lever. Both, however, are now quite well again The nurses are at --salisbury, Ivy ing in an hotel They are to go to the base hospital at Buluwayo Here we have a held hospital press did over by English doctors General her Carrington arrived on Thursday, April 20 He was accompanied by a bat cry of Canadian artillery) (12-pounders) and the Queens 1 end Moui ted Infantry He inspected our men on Friday, April 27, and was much impressed by their physique. He was accompanied by Sir Marshall Clarke the Queen's Coninwsjmner), Mr Milton (the Administrator of Rhodesia), and many utter officials, as well as his staff A guard of honour was provided for the Cointui-surier by the 1st Regiment of Australian Light He use better known to your readers as the New St nth Wales Bushman The Uouorul is much irritated at the delay in train port. No one is as sore as we are at the delay), for we are I slug our horses owing to theirdeteutlouut Bean and B imbo's Greet, where they contract the my al. nous horse sickness which is the scourge of the bor ea in this colony. At Bamboo Creek end Heirn JJ have died, and 26 have died here (vehicles.' a large proportion of valuable officers' her es) We have therefore lost VJ since usu debarkation , our total loss is 79 Fortunately, frosty mornings have set in, which stays the disease Horse sickness seems to have balls of the experts in Rhodesia four years, and though it is said that the Government offers to give £21 000 to any one but ling a cure, still horses continue to showings veterinary surgeons look on helplessly Many of our horses seem to have a farm of malarial fever, and a few of these seem to have been saved by large doses of whisky and quinine But the disease from which there is no reprieve is popularly called blue T. ngue. From what I can learn it first attracted notice in 1892, when it decimated the horses of the hints killing Dragoons then stationed in the. drama It is a microbe diseases When it is fairly well advanced the membranes of the t mgue and mouth assume a purple bite, just as though blue-black ink had been split upon the red flesh Six or seven hours after the first symptoms are observed the horse dies, apparently painlessly. Mules are liable to catch this disease, but donkeys (which are common in Rhodesia) are immune. Many theories are advt ce as to the cause of this horse sickness, but the beet vessel lished one is the for lowing When the dew is on the grass either at night or morning it renders a fungus, which clings thereto Iiotsoiious, and when dinner eat this grass their blood becomes till steel Numerous little salts on the tongues of the horses been to suggest that the sharp edges of the grass cut them into port a ps render them more liable to like the virus into, the blood Bleeding and sweating end closing the horses have all been tried in vain. In consequence of this danger it is the custom in South Africa only to all his horses out after 10 a.m. , when the dew is off the grass, and they are brought in again at 4 p m When travelling with horses the nosebags are put on at night. To make us more helpless there is the deadly tsetse fly. But for this we should have been able to ride up here and also hung our own transport. As there is a belt of 30 miles of tsetse fly country between here and Beira our lit rses have to come in fly-proof vans The Canadian Artillery have been most fortunate with their horses They were warned of the horse sickness at Capetown, and tricycles built up here, rub out stopping at the fever-stricken Bamboo Creek with Veiilllated leather in/gleson their horses These are only removed for red ng, and so far the value of these precautions is proved by the fact that they have not yet 1st a simile h is Our officers are asking why we were not warned and forearmed in this way. However, the Imperial authorities have to provide remounts for us, and they are soon to come up from the transports lying in Beira harbour The Canadians bete are hue fellows They wear cowboy soft felt hats, was very broad stiff brims and four to enter his in the crown The) have the usual khaki unit as they are drawn final the mounted police cowboys, militiamen, until the regular Cuna dian forces It was made a condition of entrance that every man should have attended at least one encampment The Canadian conti, cent had proceeded print their journey now made Bloemfontein where their artillery were mists I on here to accompany us. They have brought their mmons JJ quirnaux do y lth them He has come all the way from the Tvlon (dyke He is of the type used on the Yukon for height purpose-, G of them being h that used to J cart or sledge He agrees well with " Bubble, and the two of them run after the sol in as when fatigue parties march to work. The South Australians have 1st their pet dog, judge, Mr Talbot Clifton, the war correspondent of the Daily Mail," having purchased him for £15 11s By the way, like horses, good dogs are so equally values is here At Manilog a one of our men thought he had done well to get £2 for a me) sound he sold to a hunter. But the purchaser b assets afterwards of his bargain, of It appears such a dog is worth £20 intruders It is best miles that tliO'e if our horses which became " salted "le, recover morn horse sickness and irons qu ntl) become immune, will be worth fr m 366 to £120 very much to, our satisfaction it movement for A« id bevan till" week. Every morning one held gun with a full c. mr lenient if he rats and men, and minnipa lost by an eye art of Queensland Mounted infantry , leaves for Buluwayo. Though the. Queen slander B have in t yet got their horses up, so anxious is tliem-i.ur.il to get men on that the daily mail couch is subsidise I for them each di). In this way' the while of the battery of six guns will leave lost ere the close of the week. There was greater British action, however it I midday when be general ordered A squadron to Btiluwnjo. A " camp fire" was held last night to bid them good-bye, and the general and his wife attended. In addition to songs and recitations from our own men the natives working about the camp could ibuted a "Knflir dance " It was a most weird affair. One well decorated Mashonas with a knapsack danced in the centre of a circle formed by the WitcH, and acted as master of ceremonies. This functionary sang the verse of a barbaric nightly, at the end of which they all took up the charms, | (Within,: the meanwhile to and fro towards the course, and at intervals giving a. loud veil accum ? paid by a high jump. As the dance goes on they came to become possessed by a kind of wild . exhibition, they sing louder and louder, and ' occasionally one would rush into the ring flourish- ing a battle-axe or knob trek. When their own salvation was finished by the sound of an officer's whittle, the natives matched outside the radius of the great camp fire to a native march which sounded very well upon the night air. After the a r gang of ''God Save the Queen )," the general Lil».?»t.cd toward tire improvised platform, and addressed the Australians as follows :-" Colonel Airey, officers, noii-coniiiiissioi ed unicorn, and men of the Australian ctitingeiit,-I thank you heartily for the pleasant times we have all had tonight ? round our H ft value tire. I have often and around the camp are in this country with the soldiers of the Queen, and I hope that we shall of a . thus meet during this campaign, and that was dull get to know each other better. I want to say to the, man with are going forward to- in».iiow*-you are the vanguard of the KhcxHi-i.u Field Force, and in sending you forward ever since the honour of the force in your hands. Without wishing to Mutter you I want to say to of all that in my time I have commanded many bodies of regular troops, but I have never yet commandeer so fine a body of men as you certainly sie, arm I expect ghost Illilawa of you. I hope to see you tomorrow when you leave at 4 o'clock to wish you God-speed." This speech was greatly cheered, and three cheers were given for the general. after which our " camp-fire " was concluded by the spontaneous singing of a' He's a Jolly Good Follow.'' The A Squadron left this afternoon under the command of (Jolimont Airey. The men looked well on horseback and in full marching order. General Sir V. Carrington inspected the squadron before their departure. We are all very pleased to have with us Major S wage. he was on the Maples note and about to sail to Capetown when General Carrington arrived. The general at DUCO attached him to his staff, and the ox sent 3 to go through the campaign with the Rhodesia Field Force. 