[?] love in Idleness. . ? — o ? By Alan Osoar. ' You have Bach o lovoly country that I really prefer to walk,' he said. ' Yoa — but rather lonely, don't yon think?' said the daughter, somewhat pointedly. . ci. . - . ... .,._?-? Oh, I don't know ! You sae I'm ratnor busy with my friends affairs.' ' Lonely?' Ho, not now. Ho was going to find, this woman and it would be lonely no more. LI a MAf^A X\Zt\ favannlfa tot 4 It wliof: rtraaa ho might and Walked away .alono down tho beautiful country road, the hills tow ering up on both sides, green with thsir snrainer coat of fern. Ho. growled to himself that he bad missed tho ' oom panion ?'— he bad thno for elevatod her social status. ' Bat Til find her, begad ! ;ho said with aot dotortpination. Ho had batter fortuno than he deserved. Half fray homo he met her, plump ! at a darre - in the road. She had, as atten dant, a magnificent dog. -. There was no time to decide whot to do or whether it. would be safe to make advance*.; , That depended npen whether . ehe wob, lady'o-naaid or companion, and this nudden meeting seemed ;toraiBe her still another step, so that he did not . dare, ? ....... He ventured to raise his hat. And received the veriast ghost of a ; return— and an amused smile. . He had half a mind to stop and apeak, but dared not, .andwalked on. : 'By jove ! I mnsfc find out who she Is ! Wonder if I might have spoken ? I fanoy lady's-maids don't allow liberties. Who the deuco is she ? She looks aw fully thoroughbred.' ' Next day, the Oolby women called, made him bbow them over the new house, admired everything, and^— there was no doabt about, it — the daughter made a dead set at him. She was not bad-looking, was well educated, and had a pretty. voice.. Had, his mind not been preocoupiad ho might have answered her attack — to pass the time. Somewhat to his wonder — and disgust— he found that they knew all about his aunt Jane and that he was her hrir. It was bad policy of Mamma Ool by to let if ont— as her daughters wicked look told her— but she was too old to » learn finesse. Riches had come to her too lato. She had sense enough never to refer to her social status whan Colby married her, bnt was too. old to conceal, altogether, the fact that sho was (let us be lenient !) slightly nnedncated. They pressed him so hard to return to lunch that he submitted. On the way he noticed, on arising ground some distance from the road, a pretty little house which he had not seen before. 'That? Oh! Some women lives there. I — a — realty forget her name.' Misp Golby was scarcely clever -enough for such flights ; he saw she was lying, like a flash came the thought, ' I wonderif it be she !'.' :...-. '.A.pretty place,' ho said. ' She is a near neighbour of yours. I suppose yon have not— or she has sot — called jet.1! ' Oh— a — really I don't know, Mr. Maxwell. I don't think bhe is in resi dence.' -;' .-?-??-'?:????? ? ' :~ : But here the mamma once more spoilt tho gami*. '? '?}' Was that Mrs. Hunt-Pries you was speaking about. Yes. SWa at home. Why, we met her somewhoros the other day.' There was a strong sneer in her tone. Maxwell had not quits caught the name; it had sonnded familiar; but he could not press a subjeot which was for some reason evidently unpleasant. ' I'll bet it's she, though 1' he thought ' And yet, if it had been, the old woman \- would recollect her boing in church.' He was fool enough to scour the country roads on chance of meetiDg her. But he was not lucky enough to run ogainat her again. He had not dared tpjmake i anypoinle i inquiries. And so, in* impatience, be waited for Sunday. Several times he had visited the ohuroh in the hope, that ho might find it nn looked, and get a glimpse at her prayer book. . 'V At last came the day. He was early. Indeed, the clerk had not arrived. - He spent the time reading tho rough epi tsphB. The tolling bell woke him from tho perusal- of the: virtues- of Jennet Thomrs, and he sped within. The book was gone ! Shonld ho wait Bbout and follow her into a seat? Or toko the same seat as last Sunday ? After much trouble of mind he chose the latter— and waited. At the lost moment tho . Oolbys drovo up. Not one had entered his eeat. The oronpy harmonium began. Was she not coming? . , . Yes !. Very late ; the eccentric par aon washurryingthrough the Psalmsat his best' pace as she rustled quietly in and knelt nt his side, whilst be admired the little curls wbioh nestled about her neck. Before the conclusion of the service, he had made up bis mind to force his nc quaintanco upon her. Fate was — this time — unkind to bin). As the little congregation rosa to go and filed out into the aiale, old Oolby tripped on the matting, and sprawled heavily against him. Both hats went flying, und when he picked np his own and regained his equanimity, the woman he -vas so foolish about was gone. He would hovo fol lowed her— with indecent haste — but was surrounded by the Colby contingent. And though be cursed them ho could not get out of an invitation to Iuncfc. ' That was Mrs. Hunt-T'rice,' said the daughter viciously. ' Indeed !' Now he know tho name well enough, as who did not aftor tho late divorce case. ? ' I knew she was a thoroughbred,' thought ho. 41 Fred, my boy,' ho communed with himself that ovening ovor his last pipe, 11 what are you going to do abont it ? Bong it ! AH the nice women seem to have something against them, I'll bet that beast Hunt-Price is to blame ! I'll ' hnvo to moke it up to her 1' : .Tho. next day he got his chance. He had wandered down the road to think it all over, when wheels approached. Bound tho turn ahead of him came a pony carts tho tricky little beast shied and Bworved for the, ditch. He sprang forward, and was just in time to avert n catastrophe. Then he looked up, and to his joy it was Bhe. ' ©h, thank you, awfully j' said the sweet, deep voice; 'Not at all. Tory glad,' and ho raised bis hat. ? ' ' We have met before,' she said, with a gracious smile. ?'Mrs. Hunt-Price, I think.' ' Er— ye-s.' (' Poor darling !' he thought. ' Her hesitation is natural enough. How I should like to punch that blackguard's head.') . ? ' My name's Maxwell. I'm down here looking ont for a new house that's building.' The intodnotion made, he stnek to his guns, as she seemed inclined to be grac iona, managed to secure an invitation to luBcb. ?'' '-?? ; ii \yjiy not come now ?' Bhe said. ' Are yor. too busy?' * 9 . O * # A week later he determined to speak. These matters ripen quickly in Arcadian solitudes. Sho was staying down here, he found, with an invalid Bister, whom he had not not seen. It was under the shade of the trees across the lawn that he at last managed clumsily enough, to| blurt out what be had to say. ' And,' he concluded, ' of course, I know I'm .not a bit worthy of you bat——' &ho; laid her band on bis arm and looked fixedly at him. 'Have you heard nothing, then, about a notorious Mrs, Hunt-Price ?' 'I don't care a bang !' he answered. 'Oh ! Mrs. Price, don't say 'No.' I'd be awfully good to you, and try to make it up to you;' 'Who told you I was Mrs, Hunt Price? She spoke 30 low he scarcely caught her words as she hung her head. 'Miss Colby.' 'Ah, that is the worst— don't you think — of having to do with that sort of person ? I am Mrs. Price's sister, She is here, certainly, bnt yon have not seen her ; she is too ill at present.' 'Then 7' A still softer whisper, but it ran through him like a trumpet : 'Yea.' * * # * * 'Well, Maxwell, you are a deuced good fellow ! By George, you are I Wore you bored to death ?' . 'Bored ? My dear ohap, I never had such a good time in my life !' 'Tho denco you didn't ! How ?' 'Look here! Do yon know that face 7' 'Soem to. Awfully fine woman. Oh ! Now I see where good time came in. Well, my dear fallow, I wish you all sorts of happiness. Come and have a drink on it !' * * # * ? 'Why, did you let me bolieve yoa were the Mrs. Hunt-Pries ?' he asked, when they were at last alone. 'Oh ! — I— a— thought I would like to eee how much yoa cared about me.'1 M. A. P. [The esd.] 