' FEMININE facts and fancies When staid and sober citizens walked the street of every British town on Mafeking dav, waving umbrellas and flags, pliilo- c.mhrrs smiled, and failed not .to re- mark that Anglo-Saxon stolidity would soon reassert itself and the old '"stand oil" con ditions obtain as usual. For once in ti way the saiil philosophers must own themselves at fault— at head quarters at any rate. Ac cording to reliable report, London has never yet returned into its shell from which Matching day shook it. The Belief of Mate- Ling is evidently contemporary with the Belief of London. The lirst was a military incident in a worrying war; the second, the breaking down of a wall of conservatism, the far-reaching effects of which it is very difficult to calculate. The "hot spell" lias furthered the movement Mafeking began. "\Ve rend of gay little parties given in the London squares, breakfasts in Ilyde Park, end lantern lit balconies, whose inmates unhesitatingly sat in evening garb-in view of every passer by to sip their coffee and iced drinks. Very evidently the English man's house is 110 longer his castle. He lias wearied of exclusivcncss, and in the natural rebound it is safe to predict he will soon become 111010 convivial than the. son of Gaul, and more in love with brightness and gaiety than the daughters of Italy, who bare long since laughed quietly at him in bis ultra-dignilied fastnesses. Fortunately for the Empire, any radical change brought about in London has its effect from "the Orkneys to the Horn," and since London, with its over abused climate, has seen its way to utilise its plea sure grounds to public profit, the time is probably near at hand when our own beam tiful reserves will get the attention and the appreciation they deserve. No one can see these places building into fresh beauty, at flu's season of the year without cavilling at the idiocy of the custom that keeps the pub- lie out of them. Another few -weeks arid the "lungs of the city" will be at their hest. Three things "are needed to properly popularise them— efficient lighting at night, cafes and music. Lacking these they will' continue to blush more or less unseen, while the ratepayers, to whom they owe their being, crowd themselves into houses or shut themselves into small suburban gardens. Those who can afford lantern lit balconies | and luxurious verandahs can do without our present and future parks; but just' so \ ong as the public generally is discouraged i from using them, just so long will impor- I taut factors in the physical nnd moral health of the community remain in com- i parative idleness. \ Though Victorian women are still denied their vote, the philosophically inclined' among them find in the recent awakening of mail to his duty toward his sister a tan gible amount of comfort. Not one of the thinking brothers but admits, bo he for it or ; against it, that the extension of the frnn-. j thise is merely a matter of time. '"As a lec- | turn' remarked recently, there arc pauses I in every progressive movement. It is the ' pauses 'that strengthen, and now that cer- ; tain politicians in high places lmvo tacitly 1 admitted that the manhood of Victoria I would give the womanhood of Victoria a' ! voice in law making were it given the ' chance, the pause under which the suffrage movement is now resting may very fairly, be ! regarded as its final one. When the next move is made a wave of public opinion ; will probably set woman in her rightful po- ; sition, and the ghost of old wrangles be laid at vest for ever. I Talking of woman's progress, it is rather ; entertaining to hear what was the origin of i the dowry. Once 011 a time .women wore given in marriage . very literally indeed. \ They were given "free, gratis, for nothing;" As time went 011, however, the woman bc- gnu to represent a certain amount of money, and the wooer who wooed had to pay down, : cither in cash or in kind, to her parents or i guardians, before lie could call the fair one 1 his own. Civilisation eventually created in the minds of tiie original owners of some ; marriageable maidens a sort of revolt 5 against' this -"selling" "of one's own \ ilesh and blood, . .'and . the '' sum J offered by the prospective bride- j groom wits handed back to bim-r-no- \ minnily in trust for his 'bride. Finally, tile husband to be left off offering to actually buy "a man's daughter, "winning" her by the ordinary modern means instead. Then the father's troubles began. The portionless 'maid was but indifferently sought after, arid the dowry became a feature in social life. Naturally enough, this dowry was practical-, lyn gift to the husband till long-fought-fou : marriage law reforms made a wife's money 1 her own. - The pictorial post card movement is deal ing the last blow to that relic of antiquity, the "nice long letter." The writer of a ''nice" letter is lamentably far to seek in the nverage circle of acquaintances, and to j trade through pages of descriptions of see- ; nery, comments on people you "don't know and don't want to know, and lists of 'ques tions you can never be bothered answering, is the fate of most rocipients'of "mail" let ters. Ihere is a brief period' in our exist ences it comes immediately: after leaving school— when to get letters is the first of two primary joys. The second lies in writ- s ing them. After that, except in exception- f al cases-letter writingand "faithful corres- > pondents" are a weariness to the flesh. To ; et one's acquaintances slip through sheer ; laziness is, however, a drastic alternative to i writing, nnd to send a common post card is I next door to an insult in the eyes of many i people. It is at this juncture the. pic- ; tonal card "comes in," and truly beautiful . | are these trifles gradually becoming. Wo ; ran buy locally prettier cards than those we | get from England, but the Continental and 1 American cards leave nothing to be desired, i Jtaly lias produced some of the most charm- ; ing specimens of all, with mountains in has i relief, and moonlight sparkling on distant waters. A contemporary says that on the | |"tm|cn' J'ou van buy post cards, illustrat- t ea with any subject, from Love to Nihilism,' so the chances of scenery sharing universal ! Postal honors with other items is quite wtlnn the range of possibilities. Post card i ?., If® are uow nearly as common as I Philatelists, though between the two there , 1= a great gulf fixed. The person of average ; I 1 ;ect may easily bring herself to enjoy i looking over a collection of picture post ; B> while to pore appreciatively over the most unique display of postage stamps do- \- oands an amount of politeness -and geo- j 2' lore denied the ordinary run of i l!ie time t0 Cilst round for.novel i cc.t,ve means of decorating fire- .<1- llI> to 110w ''"re held, the giow- ko'umburra" and faithful red glim OMiinw Pretty curtain across the I therehv'ri-nlif 1 C"A up l'lc W""k space lhUf\rnh m th- a I!?t- plint ol' dainty I ccrtiinlv ""Simplicity itself. It is effective nn,l"V 1 "r .,s t, Particularly ! teauty 'into 'ivlnr'!?'" FV" the ,tlli,le3 . 'of vcarlv . . "h'1 certain housewives lie bLI i i their fireplaces, it can only liiiiili Mn as an cxcellent artistic oppor- 1 - SL1' away.. In attacking' the I t 1 18 Just as "'oll to re- i even n ?J,d da\s ar,e not unknown j lobe an mih'-Imw L'sv'.-T ff one ,laPPens leaove tbo (i -TRJ ? , ? the seasons, to t >" more thaii'b!-vK-"i put ln "lixinFs" "nuent I5 to re "Slr as »>"ch sub- givc pleasure Tn i,aSl "11 decorations will 1 the fire b-vil-nt 'sc -Il'e ,re a"d cover Proof 1- n,,il VC'' r'lt'i a hit of water- wating ffitii 1 1 preliminary for do- ' at a nm,! !>p 3 which can be removed ' an a mir nf'ic<Vi bas i loses eons i,,i?i ? lallt" zmc-lined flower ! the nrett -e a iwho,e £clle,me of ne t The l,Jsi „, seen last year. > rffiehiiib- crc sasPonded from a rod, ' ed (0 'a n-ieliR. was ingenuously fasten- ! doubled i 'nin, r ple,ce by '-neans of a i over tl,n fi!? t ,?f Picture wire, passed I cestion „r Pn0? , mantel shelf. A sug- S from vioiv H ?n l' drapery entirely hid ' inc basket Slm' device. In the hang- ! aailax Bvvlot S e"' "lonkey musk, lobelia, ; or » Paas, mignonette and a score in tlie flo-nvri,o ra 0dds nnd. ends, while i dav mas-o- r cs >vcre sot' m Pots, one ' and olfnti Rcramuni, another fuchsias, i to0'!1" P'l n;su ?nd, pot pla,nts- od- I "lived " fb J? baskets and pot plants ' eiritivatinn Af u T5-1 Part" outside, tlie i jova|,i ' a f tbom being not the least en- B Place. a most Prepossessing fire- B VIOLA. g&gv;,.: 