AUSTRALASIAN CATHOLIC CONGRESS. PREPARATORY TRIDUUM. GIFT TO TIIE QUEEN OF HEAVEN. St. Mary's Presbytery preoeule a busy scene ab a result of tho arrangements proceeding for Ihe Australasian Catholic Gongresw, which opens on Monday next. The secretaries state that the con- gress will be attended by close ou 1090 mcniiiars. Tbo iridium: in preparation for tbo grand opening and dedication of St. Mary's Cathedral com menced yesterday. The Cathedral la open lor the first Umo biuco its completion for thoso triduum services, to which admission is free. Ar. tho solemn dedication ceremony on Sunday admission will be by LlckoL only, ilioie will also bu early masses on Sunday at fi, 7, ami 8, to which admission will be free. At tho dedi cation ceremony his Excellency the Governor, the Chief Justlco, the Mayor of Sydney, the Ministry, and tho consuls will asslsL olllelully. Tho Arch bishops and Dlshopa of Australia and an immense number of tho clergy from all tlio dioceses are arriving in Sydney daily, in readiness for tlio cobgretwi and dedication corcinony, at which they will assist. Tbo Archbishop of Melbourne, tho Dishop of Dallarat, and the Coadjutor JJkihop of Sandhurst arrived on Wednesday, accompanied by a large number of tho clergy from Victoria. At Sunday's ceremony the Governor will bo received at tho Cathedral at 11 by a guard of honor from tbo 8th Regiment (Irish Rllles). Tho seats in tho Cathedral have all been arranged according to plau. Mozart's Imperial 12lh Mass will bo rendered on tlio occasion by a choir of over 200 trained singers, selected from the city and suburban choirs, together with a full or chestra of stringed instruments, under Mr. J. A. Delany. Tho Cardinal will preside nt the dedication, and tbo occasional sennon will bo preached by Arch bishop Redwood, of Wellington, N.Z. Tho cere mony promises to bo tho most memorable lhat cither old or new St. Mary's has known. Tho administrator evidently lias an eye to business, for ho lias arranged a collection immediately after tho preacher shall have, metaphorically speaking, opened the purse strings of tho congregation. Following the Church ceremonies on Sunday, the prelates, visiting priests, and Intercolonial mem bers of congress will be entertained at a banquet In St. Mary'o-hall by the Catholic laity of Syd ney. Pontifical High Mass, the first of (lie triduum services, was celebrated in the Cathedral yester day morning, tho celebrant being llishop Grimes, S.M., of Christ church, New Zealand. He was as sisted by the deacon aud sub-deacon, and masters of corcmonlCM from St. Patrick's College, Manly. Tlie Very llcv. Dr. Murphy, president of the Col lege, acted as assistant priest. There was a very largo number of the local and visiting clergy pre sont, and a full congregation. ' An eloquent sermon was preached by tho Very Rev. Father T. O'ifarrcll, G.SS.R., from tho ap propriate words, "Behold, henceforth all genera tions shall call mo blessed." Tho solemn triduum which had commenced llvat day, ho said, was In tended to prepare tliem for the great function of Sunday next, whan the Cardinal would bless thait magnificent teinplo and offer It to God In honor of most holy Mary, tlio help of Christians. Why did they as Catholics make so much of Mary? Why did they build cathedrals, churches, and chapels In her honor? Why did they turn to her for help ill tliolr trials, temptations, and uccossitles? Did thoy not expose themselves to taifnt and ridicule for so doing? They wero taunted, ridiculed, and calumniated on account of their dervotlon to Mary; but they liad tho long ages of Christianity to justify and to guide them In that, as In all the doctrines and practices of their faith. Was it not a prophecy inspired by the Holy!Ghost, and therefore certain to be ful filled, that all generations should call licr blossod? And Jesus Himself had on the cross commended her to the devotion of Ills followers when IIo said, "Behold1 your mother." What could such words havo meant at that solemn moment if they took from them- tho moaning attached to tliem by the Catholic Church? That now tribute of their pralsoand devotion would bo another precious gem lit tlio crown of tholr blossed Lady, which would give joy to tho Heavenly Court, and especially to her devoted client, John Joseph Thorry, who laid the first foundations of tho noblo pile, and1 to those great archbishops, priests, -and people who had lived and laborodi for St. Mary's. Tho music comprised Haydn's No. .3 Imperial Mass, Farran't's unaccompanied anthom "O Sa crum Convlvium," Gounod's "Ave Maria," and Handel's "Hallelujah Chorus." Tho soloists in tlio mass wore Miss Edith O.'- King, Miss Eva Mylott, Mr. T. R. Woodhouso, and Mr. F. O'Hal- loran. At tho offertory Miss Millie Wynn sang Gounod's "Ave Maria," Farrnnt's anthem was sung at tho Gradual, and Handel's "Hallelujah" at tho end, as tho clerical procession left tho sanctuary. Tho chorus, which consisted . of about 170 carefully selected voices, sang with conspicu ous purity of tono, precision, and firmness of at tack, and strict attention to detail. Mr. Harry Dawklns, a young organist, mado his debut, and played tho mass accompaniments. ; . Tho ,wholq was produced, under Mr. Delany, 'who has for so many years directed tho Cathedral Choir,- At 7 p.m. tho Cathedral was again full, when (lie Very Rov. Dr. Carroll. V.G., gave solemn Benediction or the most holy Sacrament. The preacher "was tho Very Rev. Father Ryan, S.J., rector of Kew College, Melbourne. Tho musical solos at this service wero "Pater Nostor" (Mcdor- mcyor), by Mr. D. Clnncy: "O Salutarls" (Bas- slnl), by Mrs. F. J. Riley; and "Tantum Ergo, " by Mr. Murray. i , 