^OMAN'S CORNER. ! »_ .-----u ¡N-LILAC TIME. - ,. . It was like this : 'They were two ghosts, ha end ehe, and they always come back when the lilacs were in bloom to Visit the bottse where they had first met at a dance, ever so many' years ago. *? s, Now they sat In tho twilight In the same old corner of the stairway whare It turned under the great window. The octagon panes ewung open so that the soft, lilac -cented air carne drlftins In, reminding them of the summer time of their happy youth. Tremlbling shadows btole down the steps past the high old- fashioned clock. Below rwas the great chimney-piece, around which were blue bowls filled with the blossoms purple and white from whict the house took Its name-"The Lilacs" It was the scene of long ugo repeated, W*th íust this difference Thaough the doorway there was a glimpse of the library beyond, where a girl with fluffy gold hair lied with a blue ribbon s« 'n a »lg chair. Her high-heeled red slippers glanced be- neath her white frock, and sha -va*? looking .wistfully at a young man who played the banjo, softly einging ..." Seems when I look in your eyes Jfy heart will bresk with joy anü ¿lad «irprisc. If I could only dare To read my answer there-r Sometimes lae girl ¡o'ned In the souT, but they l<pt their voie» low so that a lady In a luce cap, who sat at the other side of the loam, dozing gentlj, should not awaken. ; The girl ghost looked up at her lover He was like -an old (portrait in his high wWte stock and pink coat " Sweetheart," he said, " how nruch has happened in the world since wo left rt, yon and t !" "Because neither couW live without the Other, and we had *prolmisecl-do you re- member, as we sat here together, just such a twilight as this, with the lilacs all In bloom ?" "Aye,i well I remember, dear-When I kissed you first-" i The Girl ghost blushed and looked up Bhyly into her lover's eyes. " Do you remember ?" he said. She leaned her cheek softly against-Us* shoulder. You know I love you so ; v ' Oh, honey, don't say no-. carne the inuslc and the young "voices from the library. " We've been such happy ghosts," said the Girl, " and we haive learned so much that they know nothing of on earth ' We hear and eee ; we know and think ; we speak-" " Yes, all but feel !" he said. " I'd give np all, the glory of our ghostöom to Ides you once again, with the lilacs all around us." "It Is possible," she said, with eager- ness. "Let U3 put our eouls in thoso two stupid young people. They will never know. Give me your hand." You remember when I mci jou in the Springtime, My lady Lu, so fond and true eang the two. unconscious ones below. " Chaperon's asleep," whispered the girl with the fluffv hair "X.et us go out into the hall, or we shall waken her " The boy laid tho banjo down, and it strummed sharply. iBoth listened anxiously for a moment, but the lady In the chair i dozen on. They walked softly oat on tip- toe, ber hand In his. The girl drew in a deep breath of the blossom-laden air in the ball. The clock ticked solemnly ; it was all that distuiibed the silence. "The lilacs are so beautiinl to-night '" said the girl, wh*fuily. She took a white spray and tasteaed It in hfe coat Their faces leaned together in the* twilight. ".S-h-h !" he whispered ; " you'll waken Chappy." "Oh, ple-e-ense '" she -munmured. .-Kate* Masterson, in " The Smart Set." 9 u. -._ 