Extraordinary Occurrences. Accidents, Offences, &c.; A Terrible Death at Hill End. — An old identity named Kitty was found dead in her hut, having fallen into the fire. Her face was burnt beyond recognition. Whether she dropped dead into the fire or fell in, and being unable to help, was burned to death, is unknown. Fall of Sixty-four Feet. — A lad named William Horton had a marvellous escape from death at the Jawbone gold diggings on Tuesday evening. While throwing stones at some birds, in stepping back, he fell down an abandoned shaft, a distance of 64ft into 3ft of water. He was brought up by means of a wire rope, and though suffering from the shock and slightly bruised, he is none the worse for the fall. A Sad Burning Case — A child was burned to death in a fire at the house of Mr. Peter Hansen, West Devonport (Tas.), on Thursday night. The neighbours endeavored to rescue the little one, who was heard crying but were driven back by the flames. They tried to induce the child to run out to them, but it seemed confused, and failed to understand them, perishing in the fire. Dubbo Circuit Court.— William Cook, charged with stealing a horse, and the larceny of harness, pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for each offence, sentences to be concurrent. Herbert Noble was indicted for stealing money at Cobar, but the case was postponed to Bathurst Circuit Court. James Norris was indicted for the murder of Jas. Woodin, at Peak-hill, in May last. Owing to the inability of the doctor to attend, the Crown Prosecutor asked for a short postponement to enable him to consult with the Attorney-General as to course to be adopted. Prisoner was then held under an indictment of assault with intent to inflict grievous bodily harm, and later the Crown proceeded on that charge. Accused was acquitted. The judge heard a case for divorce, Lilian D Byrne v. William Byrne, on the grounds of adultery and desertion. Petitioner gave evidence that she was married in 1894 at the age of 17, and that respondent deserted her for another woman a month after marriage. There was no appearence of respondent or co-respondent. The judge found the issues proved, and granted a rule nisi. A Strange Accident. — A wire from Bowral says : — 'A peculiar accident of a painful character occurred during the hospital sports here. A lad named Wright, of Moss Vale, who was a competitor in a footrace, ran into the crowd, and collided with a man having a bottle in his breast pocket. The force of the impact broke the bottle, cutting Wright's nose through the bridge and severing all the arteries. Mr. John Richards, of the Railway Ambulance, attended the sufferer, pending his removal to the hospital. A Father's Joy. - A curious statement was made at the Water Police Court last week by a man who was charged with drunkenness. He admitted that he had imbibed too freely, but added, 'Guilty, with cause to show.' Then he proceeded to explain to the magistrate (Mr. Edwards) that he was so overjoyed at the birth of a son that he got drunk. Mr. Edwards : 'Was that your first child?' 'No,' was the reply ; 'that makes six.' 'Did you get drunk on each occasion ?' queried the magistrate. No answer was given to this question, but the accused person indulged in a broad grin, and there was a ripple of laughter in the court. A fine of 5s, or 24 hours, was sufficient to meet this case. Jack the Ripper is Dead - He died (says the Paris 'Figaro') in a private lunatic asylum in England unknown to the majority of the public, but his identity was fully established some time before his death. He was a medical student of good family and considerable means, and there is no reason to doubt that when his family first put him under forcible restraint they had any idea that he was the author of the Whitechapel horrors. Two prominent journalists G. R. Sims and T. P. O'Connor, M.P., are among the few who know the facts of the case. The whole matter has been kept dark as it was felt that no good end would be served by re-opening the case. The police authorities, however, were aware of the circumstances, and undoubtedly felt relieved when this human fiend gave up the ghost. Melbourne Thieves. — Thieves in Melbourne have adopted the novel device of sending forged telegram in order to insure houses being empty when they begin operations. The telegrams in question were sent to the wives of city men asking them to call at once upon their husbands at their offices, but in one case the housebreakers' plans were upset through neighbours having been asked to watch the house during the absence of the mistress. A Family Living in a Tree. — The 'New York Herald' gives a description of a family of five living in a tree. The father of the family is a German laborer named John Rausch, of Holedon, New Jersey. He was tired of paying rent, and tried to buy some property from the real estate dealer of the place, William Buschman. The latter told Rausch he would give him a nice lot for a little money if he would build a house. True the lot was far away from the road, but it was covered with fine trees, and an especially majestic oak grew in the centre. After paying for the lot Rausch found he hadn't money enough to start the house he promised to build. His wife and three small children ate up his meagre earnings. Buschman told me he would have to give up the lot if he didn't begin the house. Raush thereupon secured a number of big boxes. He had conceived the idea of making the branches of the oak tree serve as uprights and timbers. The nails in the boxes were sufficient. On the strong lower branches he crossed and recrossed the boards. It made a very uneven floor, but the branches were strong and the boards would not slip. The house is circular, but very irregular. Above all those is a smaller structure that Rausch calls his garret. When the wind blows, the whole structure shakes and swings like a hammock, yet the whole family lives there. 