A SILENT RHINOCEROS. STILL BDHTIKO at night in Africa haa it* j drawbacks and surprises. These are sometimes in the form of snakes, sometimes of larger tbings. What it was that eurpriaed Mr. C. V. A. Peel daring a night bunt in Somaliland, iB told by himself. He was stalking oryx, a kind of antelope. We could not see more than ten feet before us, he says. I tiptoed, io my tennis shoes o'er the stony ground towards the oryx. Not a sound could be heard. Suddenly, ou taming a bush, I became aware of au enormous head and horn within three feet of my head. 1 had literally walked into a big rhinoceros, which stood rigid. My shikari, who bad my rifle, seemed peirifled. I gave a glance eanb way, and backed oot slowly and noiselessly, and got behind the bush. As 1 turned to lake my rifle, I saw the Khikari farther back, behind another bash, and pointing at the "rhino." I turned back, and there was the great beast ad7aacing towards me without a soand. It was now my torn to run. When I reached by servant, I took the rifle and proceeded to lonk for the rhinoceros. We could tind it nowhere. Hearing two oryx close by, I started to stalk them, when my sbikBti again stopped. His faoe was as white as if e bad seeD a ghost. He pointed and whispered. There, within a few yards, stood the rhinoeros which I could not find a moment before. I was unceremoniously dragged from tbe spot by my sbikari, who was superstitious. " Leave him !" be implored. " It am de debil—you no kill bim 1" With mncb persuasion I got the men to go back, as I wanted to shoot tbe animal, I found biai standing with his side toward me. I levelled my big rifle anil was on the point of polling tbe trigger, when he gave one wriggle of bis huge form and vanished in the jangle. That was loo mncb for my men. They ran for their lives. I am not superstitions, bot it was a curious fact tbat during all that adventure not a sound was made by ihe rhinoceros ; not even a stone rolled under his feet as he moved. And in tbe morning we conld find no tracks. 