A NOVEL GHOST STORY. Authentic ghost stories are apt to have less point than the ghost stones of literature , Hamlet's father does not revisit the glimpses | of the moon for nothing. Banquo has every j cause to trouble the feast and the conscience pf Macbeth, and so on. Tales which have no claim to classic dignity follow these standard examples. The other world in Action does not reveal itself unreasonably. In the tele patbiD record* of our friends who believe in psychical research something similar may often be observed. The phantasms of the living, for example, if you once grant them, may generally justify themselves for some thing better than caprioe. With, the few ghost stories, however, which come to one's knowledge neither fronfUterature nor from scientific associations, nor from mere hear say, the ease is depressingly different The apparitions seem either very unreasonable or governed in their conduct by lines of reason ing totally foreign io any human habit Such, at least, was, the case when about seven years ago a cunooa thing happened in a small town on the coast of Sew England. The incident has no rational meaning. At the same time it produced on the people con cerned an impression sufnoiantiy marked to makeit Worth recording. . Its very lack of meaning, perhaps, gives it a tantalising odd ity of its own. Towards the end of one August e gentle man started 9 little-after eight o'clock in the evening to call on some friends who lived a mile or more away. He drove himself in an ordinary buggy, and his horse was an every day-animal from a country stable. His road,' with which he was perfectly familial', led down a hill, at the foot of which it curved towards a bolt of low woods, through which it proceeded for perhaps a quarter of a mile. After emerging from these woods it passed . through a region of stonewalled pastures to the village, at the edge of which bis friends lived. ' | These friends were sitting indoors, for the evening, though rather less dark than usual, was distinctly chilly. Their, house was quite new— so new, in fact, that the fence which now separates the grounds from the highway had not yet been put up. In place of it a rough board fence, of the height of an ordin ary country rail fence, had been knocked together for the moment. This structure, : however, was by no means firm, the boards which composed it were hastily nailed to posts at a considerable distance apart. At 8.30 or so the visitor arrived at bis destination. He was a man of education and intelligence, and of unusually simple and regular habits. He certainly was not pos sessed of much imagination, nor was he generally excitable. Tou would have called him, perhaps, agreeably matter-of-fact in temper. His friends, then, were surprised to observe that he was in a state of distinct agitation. { He had driven down the hill, he said, with out adventure; and nothing had happened until he had reached the edge of the woodB through which his road passed. ~ There he had been startled by a sudden movement of his horse, which stopped short, and, appar ently in terror, Bhied to one Bide of the road. Looking to see what had startled the animal, which was now trembling, he perceived close to the front wheel of his buggy the figure of a man. This man wore a broad -brimmed, hat, which napped a little over his face; and J iia body seamed draped in a long Cloak, or some such unusual garment ' Altogether, in the dim light, he had an unusual look. He said nothing, bo the man in the buggy I addressed him, asking what he wanted. He j made no answer and no movement whatever. Meanwhile the horse kept edging away from him. Disturbed by this state of affairs, the driver whipped the animal, which Btarted ahead rather wildly. To his intense surprise, the figure remained close to the wheel. As the horse dashed on, the figure glided on, at a pace which no ordinary man could pretend ' to keep up, yet without either a sound or an obvious motion. Then, as the driver's eye grew more used to the dim light, the figure, thus gliding swiftly beside him, seemed half transparent At one or two points where the woods were thin he could see through the thing— whatever it was— to the stone walls, and the trees behind it. He whipped the horse again and again, and the horse, which seemed thoroughly frightened, went at fall speed. StiM their unearthly companion glided on, until just as they were emerging from the woods, it suddenly disappeared. That was the whole story. A fact which afterwards transpired was not at that time knows to any of the company. At this moment the spot where the thing vanished is a small country lot, covered with a I tangled growth of low pines and underbrush. ' A century or more ago, it appears, this lot was a burying-ground. I Whatever the excited gentleman had really seen, his agitation was rather painful | After about half an hour, however, it began to subside under the influence of sympathetic talk; and presently he said good-bye to the company. He was to leave that part of the country next day; and he wished to make another farewell call or two before proceeding home. So everybody took friendly leave of him, as they supposed for the season. Not more than a minute or two elapsed be fore he returned. Something, he said, had happened to his horse; in the darkness he could not quite make out what the matter was; he should have to ask for a ! lantern. So a lantern was procured; and ' the whole company, whose curioBity was thoroughly aroused, went out with him to see what had occurred. The part of the story which follows, then, had a number of witnesses; otherwise it would be as incredible as it certainly was meaningless. With equal certainty, however, it was distinctly and unpleasantly queer. When the gentleman had reached the house he had stopped his horse just outside the temporary board fence which separated the grounds from the public road. Finding no regular arrangements for tying the animal, he had taken a rather long hitching strap, which was in his buggy, and made it fast to the top board of the fence. ThU proved to be about three feet above the ground on which the%orse was left standing. The reins, meanwhile, had been tucked between the splashboard of the buggy and the whip, which was standing in its socket Thus left , outside the rough fence, to which it was securely tied, the horse had seemed perfectly aafo. But when its mastet had come out again, something had evidently gone wrong. ! To discover just what this was the lantern j had been brought, and the company had come , out ' I The light of the lantern revealed a state ! of things which has never been explained. ' What had happened was this: Somehow or. other the hone had bodily got over the fence j and was standing on the ground inside. The | buggy, meanwhile,remaincd outside, and the shaft s almost touched the board which now . separated the horse from the vehicle. Of course, one's first thought was that the ] animal, which had shared' its master's dis turbance, had got restless and had jumped the fence. But on careful examination no ' traces of such restlessness were to be found. The reins were still tucked, not very securely, between the splashboard and the whip. ' There were no marks on either side of the fence which would indicMaany violent move ment of the horse's feet. The fence, again, was too high for any horse to -step over with out hitting it; yet it bore no traces of any blow from a hoof. Wliat la more/il was so lightly knocked together that any violent movement on the horse'B part would probably have pulleditapartjyetit vrasasflnn as ever. In «hort, whatever had really happened, the appearance of things was exactly »thst would have resulted from an utterly inpossUue occurrence, namely, the bodily lifting of the animal over the fence from tlje -Jwibllo *o»d to the grounds within. 1 A certain fact isthat the only-»y of re leasing the horse was to -unharness him from the buggy and to lead him -round to the vehicle agon through a gate some little distance away. In the process -of unharness ing, too, it became evident that the harness had in no way Veen disturbed. To explain the thing at all, in short, we had to conclude that while the gentleman was making bis call and relating his ghostly experience some mischievous- passsr-by had taken the trouble deliberately to unharness the horse, to lea* Mm through the gater-and to harness him to 'the vehicle -once more, and that, Tisving taken all thin trouble, the mischief- maker had proceeded 01. his way. Very certainly, no one was near enough to see the ensuing confusion. Very certainly, too, no other bit of mischief even remotely similar has been perpetrated, in that part of the country for over fifteen years. That this extraordinary occurrence, trivial and meaningless though it were, should Bo instantly have ensued upon the ghostly visi tation of the victim certainly made an un canny impression on the whole company of six or eight people who stood by while the unlucky torse was reharnessed by lantern light to the uninjured buggy. This process finished, everyone finally bade good-bye to their disturbed friend,' who started alone on his homeward drive. So tar as any of them have ever known, nothing farther happened to him. that night One fact, however, rev mains to be added. No one of that company, allot whom had known him well, ever saw him again. Before the next summer he had - died. [Thb End.] ' 