KAISER WILLIAM. S PREACHES A' SERIMON INTERES'TING DELIVERANCE i BY THE IIOYAL TEACHER, ITS FULL TEXT. In the "London Daily News" of the 14th of August is given the full text of the sesrmon preached, a few days previously b'_ the Kaiser Wilhelm. of Germany, on b- ard his yacht, the Hohenzollern, as pub .jlished in the 'lKi'euzzeitung." His majesty said: :Seventh Sunday after Trinity. The G?race of Our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God; and the fellowship of the .'Holy Ghost, be with us all evermore. .AAmen:. Text. 17th chapter of Exodus and " the,lthli vetse: 'And it came to pass, when M!oses held up his hand, that Israel pre ':.rl.alled, and when he let down his hand 'Amnialek prevailed.' Amen. It is a most ihipressihe picture that our text to- day rimgs before our souls. Israel wanders .through' the desert from.the Red Sea to -l-ount Sinai.: But suddenly the heathen -. alekites stop them. and want to pre T rent their' advance, and a battle ensues. , :oshua-leads the young men of Israel to 'the' fight,. the swords clash together, and -.`:.a 'hot and bloody struggle begins in the .valley of Rephidem. But, see! whilst the : lghltis'going.on the pious men of God : os:o ,Aaronaiand Hur-go to the top of the hill.. '::Thef lift up their hands to I:ea.en; they- proay. Down in the valley -the :nghting ?liots-at the top of the moun :ain the praying .iien.: This is the holy battle-picture of our text.- 'Who does not 'understand to-day-s hat it. tells us? Again a heathenish Amalekite spirit has stirred in 'distantn Asia -with- great power', and u:- lau cunninig. By burning and murder :It' is sought'to ::prevent the entrance' of E ,uropean. trade and. Euiopean genius. the trimuiphal imarchl'of ?Christian mnoials and C. hristian -faith: Aindagain the.coniimaiid of God has been issued: .'Choose us oit a men. and go out. fight with:Amalek.' A : .h'orid blood y struggle has begun. 1Ianl' of our brothers stand already yonder un .:cr fire. m.any: are on their way to the -enemy's coasts.and- you have seen them, the.:thousands wiho at the call,:'Volunteers to ,he; fore! Who will be. the 'guardian of th'emEnpire?' now. assenimble; to enter tihe fight :with flying colors. . But you, ;who remain' behind at home. who are bouind 'byother c:icred duties. say; do you, isit hear God's .call., which he miakes to o.'?-oand which says to you: ."Go.up on thie :mountains. raise up thy hands to the "-`l e aeils.' The prayer of the just'can do Baiuch, if it is in earnest. ' "Thus let it be. Yonder, far away, tile S::hsts of fighters;: here at home the hosts of: praying men:. May this be the 'holy battle-picture also of our days. :May this he aceful morning hour remind us - may 'it reminid us of the sacred duty. of in tercession, of the sacred power- of inter C`,essiomi.n. The sacred duty of intercession. :C.ertainly it is an enthusiastic moment when a ship with the young men on board 'weighs, anchor. Did you not see the war r: iors'. eyes flash? 'Did you not hear their many-voiced :hurralis2 But when the Bnativer'sores vanish, when one enters the g!owing heat of the Red Sea or the heavy :.waters of the ocean, how easily brightness .and enthusiasm grow weary! Certainly it is a sublime moment when, after a long ,oyage, in the distance, the straight lines of the German forts can be seen, arid the Silack, white and red flags of the German 'olony become..v\\-isible. and conirades in arms stand on the shore waiting to give a hiearty reception. But the long marches in a burning sun. thelong nightsof bivouacin the.rain! '-How easily gaiety and strength ' vanish.. Certainly it is a longed-for : noinent when at last the drums beat to t-'the charge, and the bugles are blown to advance; When a command is given, 'For .ward at the enemy!' But then, when amid -the roar of the guns and the flashing of -the shells comrades fall to the right and left, and hostile batteries still refuse to : ield--hos easily the bravest heart then begins to tremble! S'Christiansi in order that our brothers `over yonder may remain gay evel in the' greatest distress, faithful in the most Dainful duty, courageous in the greatest 'danger, they- want something more. than .ummunition and sharp weapons, , more oalso than -youthful courage and fiery en .thusiasm. They. waut a blessing from A 'bove, vital power from above, otherwise Ithey cannot win' and' remain victorious. [And -theb heaveiily "'world only opens to prayer. Prayer, is the golden key to the treasury.of God. But he who has it has ..also the promise that to-him who asks shall be given. Or shall we remain idle? : oe to us if we are idle whilst they are carrying on a hard"and bloody piece of tWork,woe to us if we only look on curious y- at the great sight whilst they wrestle sit a fierce death struggle. This would be Cain's spirit'with the cruel words, 'Am "T niy brothier'sikeeper?: This would be uinfaithfulness towards our -brave -brothers, wh" are staking their lives. ?Never. 'We will mobilise not only bat ,.?lions of warriors. but also a holy force of ?-iaying men. Yes. How much there is to ask for our brothers going into the -ield: They are to be the strongiarm which punishes'assassins. They are to be the mailed fist which strikes in amongst them. Thliey are to stand up with the sword in " Ytlteir hands for our' most sacred poses u.:alons. So se. will accompany them with :Our prayers, out on to the heaving waves, on their marches, into the roari of the" Stttle, and into the peacefulnhss of the i, l?slItiHls; still pray to' God that they may stand: at: their post like 'men, 'that thley '-nay figit their battles courageously'and -her.oically .that the,- may bear .theiri wounds brisvely and calmliy, that God maSay give those who die undei- fire i blessed end and the reward of faithful ees-in, short that He may -make the selrriors heroes and the heroes victors. 'tad, then bring them home to the land of their fatheis with the laurels round their ,uggarees 'and the medals on their "Or do we perhaps not beliese in the ..sacred power of intercession? "Well, .then, what does ouri text say? :'And it .catne to;: pass, when Moses held up 'his "hand- that Israel prevailed.' The ear :nest prayers of a Mioses'- made' the. stwords of the enemy blunt. They pushed ,tlFemselves like a wedge between the erdem-'s lines. made them?. waver,: and b irought??dctory to the flying banners .of Israel. Should. not our prayers .be ahite\to do whit the: prae?rs of 'Moses , did? God has not rtaklen back one syl :-lable of His promise: heartfelt prayer r.canstill to-day cast down the dragon1" :ihalnner, into the dust and plant the ban h:er. of the Cross on tlhe' walls. And ,e?oses does not stand alone with his in ,rt.rcession; Iok' yoonder:.there on the h- eights of Sodom stands Abraham in t.:erceding bIefore his God, and with his hr-trvyers he prays Lot out of the burning .city. And should not our prayers suc .eed in pmraying our fighting comrades "? outuof-the fire of the battles ? ' Look Yoioder: There in Jerusalem lies the young Christian community on its •knees. Their leader, their father, lies i" prisoned in a dungeon, and see, with itlheir prayers they summon the Angel of God into the prison. and he leads forth Peter unharmed. And our Prayers; should not they have the pow er even to-day to burst the doors of the oppressed prisoners and the persecuted, and to place an angel at their side? Yes, the God of old still lives, the great Ally rule? still, the Holy God. who cannot let sin and acts of violenlce triumph, but wDll carry oni His holy cause against an 1 unholy people; the Almighty God Who can shatter the strongest walls as if they were spiders' webs,' and Who can Sispelese the greatest crowids like. heaps ," Tand: the merciful. faithful God i[hrose fathetiy heart looks after the ,ell-being of His children. Who heals overy sigh, and Who sympathises with every 'distress. Pious prayers open His fatherly hands, itad they are filled with blessing. Earnest Drayer Olien His fatherly heart, and He ls full of love. iYes, true continuous prayer fetches the living God down from Heaven, and ?ltaces Him in our midst. And if God is ?or us, who shall be against us? e "Up in the Tauern there hang strange i bells on the heights. No man's hand rings them. Still and dumb they hang in the sunshine. But when the storni winds blow they begin to swing and com mence to ring. and deep down in the val ley their song is heard. God the Lord has hung the prayer-lell in every ma;'s heart. But in sunshine and happiness how often it hangs still -.ud dumb. But 'hen the stormy winds of distress break forth then, it begins to ring. How many a comrade who has forgotten how to pray will out yonder ,in the light for life or death fold his hands agan!ý . Distress tenches us to pray.. And so shall it also be at home. Let-the serious days which have come upon us, let 'the iwarl; stoim which has come on, set the belis riingg again. Let us:pray foi .our fighting bro thers Not only now and then.iii:asoleni hour. No, no, let uis be tiue in irayer; our fathers once in wair timiies ran th bells every.evehinrg anid bared their hliead at the sound aid prayed?,so.also et us not forget intercession for'a day: 3Itoses.held lup his hands tillthe Igoing down bf the sun. and ,Joslihuadiscoinifitd hmalek.alnd his ieople withlitlih';dde, e of the sword.' Our fight isi notibroighflto an end in oie. day. But dbo't'let the iiads become tlirell or idle tili 'ictofihas'?been gained. Let' ourl prayers be aiflery walli r arundi the cami'of our liotthers :.How itie thlought will strengthen thei6ii'make thein eintlihs iastic, and 'excite them;ii-that .thou'aiids. nay, millionis, at li?me lbeartliem .lin their prayilg.'hearts! Tli " King of all kirigs calls? Voliunteers to.'th?i-foire. . WhVo ivill be the':?paying one for theE.:lipi're? Oh, if ioe could onllsy say here:, The King cal led, ani'd all- all came:.. " Not nlue of .us must; be wanting. :Historiy will one day descrille the lights of. these days. But man only sees whati? he has before hinm lie canionly" sahywhat, t?e wiisdom of the leaders.: the courage oftlhe: troops. the sharpness of tlhe weapons:hla.ive done.. But eternity will sobimetimne:rev'al.still nior' it will show hiow the.earet prayers of ith hbelIevers were a great. po!wer ;is theAt fights; how the oid prinmise, is again, rultiii led.' Then'they ciy' uiito flleori'd in their trouble. and he.savsth litheni ut of their i .stress.'' Aind tlius, ,keep to : prayer. 'Amen.'. ":lmiglly .God, dear lHeavenly Father, liou Lord of lhosts and Iuler of battles, we raise plrayvilg, our lihands to Thiee.- On !Thy heart wSe lay the thlousands' of Ihro thers-in-aris, whom Thou lThyself hasti called to battle. .Protect- with' Thy Al 'nighty protection the breasts of our soni. Lead our men to 'ictory.' On Thye hlearl re lay the. wounded aid slek. 'Be Thoui nheir comfort' rid their strength, and heal heir wounds which they ieceive for King and Fatherland.., On Thy-heart we lay all thcse whom Thou hast ordained to die on he field of liattle. Stand by thnem' i the last struggle,, and give them everlasting peace. On Thy healt we lay our people Preserve, elanctify, in'rease the entliu iasm with which we are now alil imbued. Lord our God, ie trust in Thee. Lead Thou us in the battle. We boast. Lord, hat Thou wilt help up and in thy name' ie unrolln the banner. Lord' we w\ill not enave Thee,. then wilt Thou bless.,u; Anien.*' . ' -The Emperor ".ancluded witi the Lord's 'Prayer ariidll lit.-T Eedrition - 