SOME SENSATIONAL OASES, Ah an outcomo o/ recent events, sevcrttl interesting case- aro likely to ariso, but we doubt whetbor thoy will prove of such absorb- ing Interest as those njrendy opened by Chns. Gidiort, the leading' tnttor and-i outfitter. Bourbon street, which contained" tho choicest rotaoiion of woollens, fine indigo blue serge, and summer washing materials of ovory description over imported to Quoens- laod. Don't loso this opportunity bat call andl aspect, and let your own common bocsq bo the judge . Wo Havo hoon naked to oxpluiu for tbo bonollt ot thuao interestod that thn pro- piscu Teoplu's Butobt ilng Cuiupany is formed nm(rr tbo Lirokol Liability cl.iu oi ot tho C 'inpanlus Act, and no tuombor can in any oigo lio called upon (or moro than tho balanou unpaid upon his shares, Tnr. Grand Prizo at Iho Paris Exhibition has boon awarded to Hlfltlmcr piano Agout for district, J. Mncluod, Jeweler, iVo Tho cighlonth fimuvorsary of tho Wohyan Motlimllst Church, Mnryboiouph- s'.root, Mill bo o.hbmtud on Siudty irxt, when Iho llcv. J. 8n?U will proach nppropria'u sorraonB morning nnd evening. Thoebu'.:h will hi spcolnlly decorated and now unlhctns introduced. On tbo following TutBlny a pnblio toa moiling wdl tnko plnoo in tho Oddfellows' Hull at 0 36 p.m., t» bo fallowed by a public tne>>Ung in the ohutoh At 8 p.m. A pro I musical prngrntumo wdl ho p?cs nted and sbnrt addresses given by the Rnvp, I, Castiobow, J. M'Kuuziu, W. O.taway, i ltd J. Snoil. To Monnow at thoir room', at 11 o'clook, W. E Curtis nnd Company, Ltd., will nuo- tion 07 bags hio rno chaff, GO bags mixed chaff, nnd 20 bags maize Tho obimncy at tho rosiQonoo of Mr W. Ouilon, South Bundaberg, OAuht firo shortly after 10 o'olook on Wednesday even ing, but, fortunately, tho flames wero ox- tiogulshid k.foro much damage was dono. The ladies' and children's hats nnd bon- nots at John lilaak's aro A1 value The following is tho ..report of tho local Labor Bureau for tho weok ending yesterday :--Supply : Gootjraia 7, millhanda 3, oarpooter 1 ; domaod : 'goooral 1, youth 1. Silver Levers, double case, 55/- nnd £3 in/., nnnnni ami inwnllnd. — J. 13. ItoblnSOD. certificated ivatchnmkcr Tho committeo of tho Bonovolent Society Hold their usual monthly meeting at tho Court House on Wednesday, when thoro woio prcsont Mrs. Manchester (chair), Mcsdaincs Kiincr, Borelmin, Grayson, Brady, Ashton, Hamilton, ChaUiuor, Mowbray, MacKenzic, ami Miss Stiller. 'J ho district reports which were read nnd received showed nu increase in the applications for relief, tho number relieved being 'sixty-two, comprising thirty seven adults and twcnty-livo children. Accounts amounting to £24 lis. 4d. wero passed for payment. Mouth Organs at 4d, Gd, 1/-, 1/6, 2/6 to 5/- all best makers, now offered by F. W. Avonoll Sunday Socvioos. — Wesleyan Moth- odiat : 11 a.m. and 7 30 p m. Special anni versary scrvico3, Rov. Jos. Snoll. Wlndcr- moro, 3 p.m., Rev. Jos. Sncll ; Uiagera Plan tation, 7 pm., Hon. A. Gibson.— Wail t-st. Methodist: Morning, Mr G. Danleli; even ing, Rev. Is ao Castiahow, subject" Liavoyu received tho lloly Ghost ?" tiouth Kalkio, 9 pm., Mr. Totten; Sandhills, 3 p.m., Mr., PoiUrd; South Kolan, 11 a.m., Rev. Isaac' Castloh iw.— Baptist : 11 a.m. ltov. W. Cut away; 7.30 p.m, Rov. W. Ottaway; Burnett Heads, 8 p.m, Mrs Ottaway. Send your printing orders io tho Jlluii office, wbero :hey will he executed with uoat- nes3 and despatch At the Police Court on Wodnesday last, boforo tbe Police Migiatrato (Mr TnoB. Mowbray), Joorcpb Poriy, for using obscene language, was fiued £2 10), in aofauli, 14 days' imprisonment. Robert Molloy, ohargod by tho RiiJwsy Station Masicr (Mr Maxwvll) with breachoe cf cluu-es 17 and 21 of the railway byhws, failed to put iu an appuur- anco, and prouf ot personal eorvico ot tbo summons having b?cu givon, an order whs tsiuod for his arrest. A waqes case, P. R. Olifon v. Oaptain Gray, wis struck out. Yostorday, before tbo" lame, Chas. Machr- lano, on remand from Gin Gin on suspicion oi being of unsound mind, was .'oaandou (or twenty-four hours. Patrick O'Dwyer, ohargod with committing a rapo on a girl 15 years of age, was remanded for tiqbt day?. Peter Maboney, for using obsseno language, , was fined £2, or seven days' impriaoumint. On tvo other coants, viz., disorderly conduct and resisting the poltoc, tbe same defendant was dlaohargcd. Best valuo over offered is tho " Musical Million Casquet," price 1/-, ,.at F. W. Avenoll's The Gympio Workors Political Organisa'.iou are lokiogstepi to secure tie nomination of Mr. Aodrsw Fisher for tbo representation of tbe Wide Biy division in the Federal Parliament. Oddfellows' Hail, Tuesday, Oct. 16th.-y Monster Tea. Admission 1/-- Tho London Daily Mail 'referring to tho changes that will bo brought about by Fodcratim in tho Agonts-GonoruUhip ot tho Australian colonics tuya:— Sir Philip Fyah, tho Agcnt-Genoral for Tasmania, has deoided not to remain on, and will roturii to his eolony in December with tho object of re entering political life. Sir Horaco Tozor (Queensland) will also, it is understood, adopt a similar cours?. The olimato of this country does not agree with Lady Tozor, and Bir Horace is ambitious of seeking honours in tho Federal Parliament. Have you seen John Black's new muslins, priots, p'ques, and d;css m&tcriali; At the usual weekly sittings of tho Petty Debt) Cjurt on Wednesday, before tho Pjlioe Maiildtrate (Mr. Thos. Mowbray), verdicts were givon. for plilitiffa la tbe followtag cases:— Christen ft 0\ v. William Green, goods sold A'l 10). vardiot (or 6s. in addition to £1 10 1 piidt) plaintiff ; Muni cipal Couccil v. G.Bali, rates due, 12 1). 3d., 5i. costs. The caio Thomas Sloaoe v. E. W. Grow, damages £25, w,is part heard aud adjourned. Nine othoc casos wjro set down for hearing, of whiob four wire withdrawn, in oho tho money was pill into court, and the remainder wero adjourned. Write for tho Burnett Lover Watoh 20/- to be had only from J. E. Robinson, watoh maker, Bundaberg. Harvesting is almost completed fa tho Isis for tho brief 1900 season, and alrondy Doolblnnd the Central Mill have coascd work. Crushing operations will terminate at Knock- roe mill to-morrow (Thursday), and it is ex pected that tho rollers at tho C.3.H. Co.'s big factory will bo stoppe'd for tho season about tho end ot tho present month. Tho oxccssivo heat and tho dry parching weather wo aro now experiencing aro proving detri mental to tho young cano, with which .largo areas have' recently boon planted, nnd farmers aro cvorywhero longing for tho com mcn'coincnt of tuo rainy season.— Recorder. Persons who wish to borrow money at reasonable rates of interest, and with low in cidental charges, should call on W. E. Ourtl. and Company, Lt J,, wlio have olienis ready to mako lmmudiate Aovanene nn free hold Aoonrlty. Rales of interest from 5 to i 8 pr cent, , Tho IVeHtmlmter Gawtlo of August 14tV puMl hoj tho subj fined paragraph ; - "Auatraih ia apparently dcetlacd to rival America in time m tbe ma'tsrof inventions of world-wide applioaPoo and utility. Brennin.of torpedo fnmo, halls from Mel bourne, who'o ho developed bh groat i<loa; tho tnttf Mr. Frodotlok Wol oley— b o'hor of the Comroandor-ln-Oiiidf, by iho wnyt— was a /quattar in (ho back bloats ' of New Bouth Wale) whon bo produced iho great labour- saving Woheloy' 8bojp-3h-nriig mnohine ; and tbo bort ' grip 1 fjr urrcsilng thu ,11 ot £i> pj in mining ihaf:s was invented in Jf.Iaot Now1 comes Mr. A'shlon from eequostorpd Rlvorinn witjihis nowringazino rifle, whioh is p.pved to bp superipr at all ... .uw "f.uu' i.nu uvu-iiiuupra. ll/lrty phots wpro fired frpih nn Agbton at Bleley the otbor day, of whioh 2Q hU tbo target — 17 being bull's oyop. TJio opty tbing tbat bas so far bra'en Australian invoutors is a procJoal eibcmo fsr destroying rabbits on a wholesale scale, The noted houso for good jowolicrv and watches. — J. E. Robinson, watcbranker A New York telegram says (—"From tho Jersey oo»st ncur hero recently wero eturtod a - onre of unique inepgig s to England whioh aro by no moans bu o io rtnoh their doatinatinn. M.bmroi wire Biwn to Ameri- onn fl.BB (nshlonod into lr|cs, ench hito helnn ntlaohod lo a ton by 60011. ot Blrong a'rlnn. Unlo,B ono hoprons lo bo vury naar Ihls curious oontrivivno-, it lloks ob thouoh Iho 11 g woro hovorlug in tho air whlmomcnna ot snppoit. Tho inventor oifmalf o tbo kilns will t nvol about 6 milea m hour, and will roach EngliBh tlioioa in Jobs than a month. Among tho massages atimhsd lo tho flngs ia ono aildr. BB(d to Q110.1 Vioiorla, ekprmaing " Eyzny Osborno Columbia Jlowcr ilmt la ? "".mop fr.oinla ; every purnlmsor hooomoa an advert aomont tor uo. Tho Col uinbla is a perfect ouller, wry light drafi oaay to handle, and contninB many pract cal jmprovprncnta. Wo unhoaltatlngly ,ofer yon anytmo who has over uaod" it, W;per 