Jin Ufiluckp Cicatrical Compatip* ' I SIX MEMBEES DOWN WITH TYPHOID. The-Charles, Godfrey combination had a particularlyninfortuiiate experience during their tour in. the West, rip less than six of the company falling victims to typhoid. Two. of them have since died. Mr. Hamilton Hill, the vocalist, was included in. the company, and he, too, soon became affected. A violent agonising pain over the eaves, a throbbing headache and feverishness were the first symptome; Be-; fore long he felt so weak that he couldbarely go through with his performance. He had constant medical attention, but despite this he became worse and worse; it was evident that unless a speedy cure was found he would have to lay up altogether, notwithstanding his determination to fight to the last. One evening, when suffering great agony, he read in the Perth "Daily News," some of the cures which had been performed by Dr. Williams' piiik pills. Later on some of the members persuaded him to send for a supply of the pills. He did so, and commenced taking them. Before he had finishedone box he felt great improvement, and before long was quite cured, the throbbing pains, headaches, and feverishness all yielding to the tonic action of Dr. Williams' pink pills. Mr. Hill emphatically declares that this medicine saved him from typhoid, which would probably have resulted in death. Mr. Hill never fails to recommend Dr. Williams' pink pills to those suffering from disorders of the blood and nerves, for which this medicine is admirably 'adapted. It also curcs rheumatism, neuralgia, . debility, lumbago, anaemia, erysipelas, scrofula, rickets', nervous exhaustion, vital losses, effects of influenza, &c.; Dr. Williams' pink pills are sold by chemists and storekeepers, and by the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co.,. King William-street, Adelaide, price two and nine per box, six boxes fifteen and threepence, post free to any address in Australasia S.A. Assembly, on the suggestion of the Council, has struck out the clause of the nonsensical Children's. Protection Act making it an offence for a person to supply a child under 13 with any cigar, cigarette, or tobacco without the written consent of the parent or guardian. The attempt to check the vicfes of children by Act of Parliament, The attempt to check the vices of children by Act of Parliament shows to what idiocy S.A. legislation has descended. Signs of the times in Perth. Small plums that would not fetch a shilling a case in. Adelaide, are selling for a shilling a pound. The fruit-growers are the chief anti-Federalists in Western Australia, and well they may be. They have strong stomachs and no consciences, so they do not heed the ghosts of the thousands who have died in Westralia because oranges were fivepence apiece, and apples three shillings a pound. Ms. HAMILTON HILL (Member of the Company). 