[?] wnsm A^rrtes ;^o:ra€asv At last meeting of the Balmain Council a letter ' ?^as read from the Department of Public 'Works, Intimating that theMinisterhad approved the siig- : gestidn of the council', that - its contribution, of] £1200 towards 'th1^ cost ibf:, the. proposed storm-; j water channel between Church and Thames streets should -be paid In instalment's, as reqiiir- . ed toy the department, as the -work ptoceeds, «c-'/ cording to the value of the work performed. . .; At Tuesday, night's meeting of the Balmain Council 'Alderman Campbell referred to the con dition of the state of the foreshores near the long wfcarf, off Abattoirs-read. The stench there wss ' simply awful, he said, ana it was a -wonder. How Alderman Swan managed to live and . carry on business near it. - The alleged nuisance at'.Eas ton Park -was nothing to the state of things at this spot. In the interests : of . the public hsalth this matter should bs attended to at onca, no mat ter who wae responsible for it. Several aldermen said that tbr stench arose from organic matter from. Glebe Point -and- 'elsewhere washing round into the bay. ; The Mayor stated that a letter had already .been addressed to the Government oh this subject. ?-.? . At the last meeting of the Burwood Council a letter was received from Alderman S. C. Xiinaley, stating that, in view of the fact that he had now taken up his residence outside the borough, and having given up for. the' present the hop; h:therto entertained of sirortly returning, he tendered his resignation as an' alderman for the South Ws? d. and in doing so took the opportunity of expressing the pleasure it had ;af£orded himjto join in the de liberations of ..a council composed of a body of gentlemen honored and esteemed far beyond the confines of Burwoofl, and' whose aim 'had at all times been the general advancement of municipal institutions. It was with feelings of regret that he now severed' his association with his fellow aldermen of so many yeaTS, but trusted b.3 might long be permitted tb enjoy the friendships formed at the council table. Alderman Ahearn, in mov ing the acceptance of the resignation, expressed his regret at Alderman Lindley ssverlng his con nection with ? the council. He knew personally that the exigencies of his business for the pist twelve months would affect his attendance at the council, and, . although some of the nsw aldarmcn 'might not recognise the services rendered io the borough by Alderman Lindley, thes? who had sat with -him for years fully recognised Ms valuable services. He moved that the resignation ba ac cepted with regret, and the council express i.s appreciation of his services to the borough. The motion was seconded by Alderman Crane, and sup ported by the majority of the aldermen pressnt, and carried unanimously. In reply to a- request by the Burwood Council for a supply of disinfectants, that body has been informed by the Chief Inspector of Stores that the contractors have been instructed to supply the council with a further -quantity of 25gal cresyline, which was equal to 2500gal of ef fective disinfectant. The Burwobd Cbuhcil has been informed by the Postal Department that, provided there was no ob jection on the part of the council, it was proposed to erect a letter-box at the corner of Ccoper and Robert streets, to be cleared by local letter-carrier ;when on his rounds. A letter from the Railway Commissioners, re ceived at the last meeting of the Auburn Council, stated that, in reply to the c-cuneil's complaints regarding the subway near the Clyce shunting yards, the commissioners had approved one of the footpaths through the subway being raised and formed, and that instructions would be given to have the work carried out. It was pointed out, however, that some time must elapse before the work could be completed, owing to the large num ber of prior works' in hand. At the last meeting of the Auburn Council the local health officer (Mr. J. W. Lees) reported his progress in making a house to house inspection throughout the borough. Though, on the whole, the -state of the different premises visited was fairly satisfactory, it was noticeable that in many places. there had been a recent and hasty cleaning up in preparation for his visit. He found in many places that the-occupantG were in the habit of burying objectionable matter in their own yards, which were in many places very small 'in size, without any attempt to deodorise or disinfect the matter. .. Certain buildings he found, in. a state unfit for occupancy, and he recommended that the owners be told to put them into a satis factory condition, or that an order be obtained for I their destruction. The report was adopted, the irspector stating that he would be able to give a complete report at the nest council meeting. I The Dundas Council a short time ago wrote to the Railway Commissioners asking them to supply the council with a quantity of ashes to repair the approaches to the Eastwood Railway Station. At the last monthly council meeting a letter was re ceived from the outdoor superintendent of rail ways, informing the council that the ashes would be available on the payment of the usual scale of charges. After some consideration, it was decid ed to write to the commissioners again, asking them to supply the ashes free of cost, as almost the whole of the benefit derived from the proposed improvements and repairs would be felt by the railway passengers. Having secured the lease of the Dundas Quarry, which -they had been longing and agitating for for a long time, the Dundas Council find that they have a considerable amount of extra business to deal with. The. council some time ago wished to obtain an overdraft of a small amount to meet any possible contingencies in connection with the quarry, but some difficulties having cropped up in the negotiations the Mayor (Alderman F. C. Cox) announced at the last meeting of the council that be thought . they would now be able to manage without any overdraft. At a later stage Alder man Johnstone asked the Mayor for some informa tion regarding the proposed pumping plant for the quarry. He pointed out that this was a mat ter in which it was necessary for the quarry com mittee to act quickly, as, from what he had heard, the quarrymen were running considerable risks to their lives in their endeavors to get out stone owing to the amount of water in the bad of the quarry. The. Mayor replied to the effect that the council, had, -co far, been unsuccessful in obtain ing tenders for the.neceseary plant, but he hoped that in the near future he would be able to take 'some definite action. Alderman Pranks support ed the Mayor, and said that the best had been done under the circumstances. Alderman John stone and Alderman Neale favored the idea of the purchase of a pump by the council, as they were of the opinion that. to hire, erect, and remove one would cost just as much as the purchase outright. The Mayor promised to furnish a lull report at the next meeting of the council. At its last meeting the Rookwobd Council re ceived a circular from the Premier, which stated that as he 'was convinced that the provisions of the Public Health Act were not widely known, he forwarded a copy, to which he Invited the coun cil's notice; and further drew their attention to the various powers 'and duties. given to the' council by the act-. -Amongst these. isj'tlie power to, on the report of a ?medical man, cleanse and disinfect any drain; cleanse and disinfect :any house cr por tion of a house, to cleanse aria ^disinfect any ar ticles likely to retain infection, and to destroy any articles likely to cause the ispread- of disease. In bringing this section into effect, however, notice should be served on the owner or occupier of the premises, requiring him to take the ? necessary ac tion within twenty-four hours. He may then elect to carry cut the work required himself, or the council ^may do it at his expense. The coun cils are also 'required to make periodical inspec tions to eee what buildings are unfit for habita tion, for which purpose their officer has power to enter any house, remove the flooring, and tho roughly inspect all drain connections and fittings. If the house is unfit for' occupation, notice may be served upon the owner or. occupier requiring him to begin the necessary repairs within fifteen days, and, if he neglect -to do this, summary proceedings may. be taken' before a. magistrate1 to compel him. Councils 'will be supplied with all the notice forms required on application to tne Board of Health. The_ .Railway Commissioners were written !To sometime ago by. the Rookwood Council, with a request that .they wpulg supply a ,set of stairs at the Rookwood Station to facilitate., the unloading of livestock. It was pointed out that through the lack of accommodation all the live stock for Rookwood had to be Retrained at, Flemington and driven ..thrdugh_,theijush from there fa its' destina tion^. tnereby;puttlrig Hbk Rookwood consignees to much, extra trouble and expense. Theccmmis sionfers'Haye' riojy replied, staging that aiter invest, tigating '. the' ' mattej£ JJiey iiave much pleasure in informing ^aie'^ouncfl that they had been able, to meet its 'wishes. -?'They'iiaye 'decided to provide a: small 6tage,(two trucfe* length), with a' portable race .and two ~hiirdles,: atjttie .Bookwopd Station. ?: ; At Tuesday's night's meeting of! the North Syd- ' ney -3ouncil, Alderman Griffin -tlie newly -elected representative , of the suburban, municipalities and the Water ,and: 'Sewerage Board) .attended fcnvthe purpose or hearing suggestions from' the aldeniien with-; reference to his future action' on the board: After replying to- a' number -of questions put to fcim rfce stat-M SHiatv the1 first matter : that', engaged, Ws attention after being; sworn in member- of the board was .; that :-& .sewer connectiqns; * aafl / the bbard 'had in ©wigequence. notified; that it ^raulfl hajkiz tjEepjs ? to j*omp'el -*Bpse ji'er^^s '?*£& iconiigetr J^imp' :had romItteC-tPj4o^-«p. ^a^^ouldtmakeiin^ quiries :with-iegard 'to^orm^ater^ channels taid ventilatiohs, and was sura ~the board wbuia ?s¥e intestine -flushing of sew'eTs, and^iia-^iocapHbt :it. Awould bear some of 'the ..cost..:1 la the 'case qf: 'the- palmaift- Council, he proposed at.fthe last meeting that a 7d rate would be sufficient; but Us had been outvoted, as he stood alone. ?*'.Ifhe had'«up jipJrt x?n the board he could do a 'great deaF more, than he' was at present 'able to do, -for ie feared tjbaf if he was to be the sole representative of the suburban municipalities ;during the absence of Alderman Davis for the next few months, it would be a heavy task upon him. 'He 'considered the dual control of the W. and S. Department and the Board of 'Works a mistake, and he believed the work required jcould be done much better un der single control. J1 . '. At Monday night's meeting of the Leiebhardt Council, Alderman Cropley moved — 'That this council is of opinion that. It' would be conducive to the ;feest interests of .the borough of Lsichhardt if ' jjraVds'' were' abolished and the election of alder zrien^niade by the whole of the borough.' . The aldernJ&n;, in moving his resolution, said that the system of four wards 'returning three aldermen each led .to the result that the elected aldermen nad no interest in any part of ihe municipality other -than, the particular wards returning them. He wished 'aldermen to have an interest in every part of the borough. . If they had elections ac cording to' the system he suggested, they would find that the candidates would make themselves conversant with, the wants of the. whole of the borough, and they would see that the money of the municipality, no matter, where collected, should be spent on places where needed. They tad, aldermen there who thought that because the Wentworth Ward returned the largest revenue it should have the largest expenditure. ? : All' the wards should receive- the same consideration, and ?if they, spent the money in parts whereat was needed, people would build upon them, and even tually -they would have larger -rates! The rate payers also would take more interest in the elec tions, and they would probably have twelve batter aldermen. Alderman Westbrook seconded the resolution, and Aldermen Fletcher and Mound supported it. Alderaian Hearn opposed the re solution, and said it was all right for Alderman Cropley and the aldermen of tea Wentworth Ward to try to turn the municipality into one ward.. If the aldermen of Kendall and Cook wards fell into the trap.iaid for them, the whole of the represen tatives would come from the Wentworth and Nor ton wards, and Cook and Kendall would have no representatives whatever. Alderman Dyer also opposed the proposal, and said if the aldermen we: .- elected for the whole of Leichhardt they would pander to the places where the largest number of votes were. The result would be that Alderman Cropley,* who had a big influence in Wentworth Ward, would carry an outsider and an inferior man upGn his back. Those who had sufficient influence in Wentworth and Norton wards would get in, and a man in Kendall cr Cook wards would not have the ghost of a 'shew. Al dermen O'Tcole, Ainsworth,. and Colebrook sup ported the resolution. The latter alderman in stanced the case of Annandale as showing how the proposed system worked, and as i.gainst the Et^tement that the representatives would come from the thickly-populated centres. If the ward system was abolished he believed the best inter ests of the municipality would be secured. Near ly every Mayor they had had, he said, had pan dered to some particular section. The Mayor opposed tlie motion as opposed to the principle of democracy, the essence of which was, he said, the proper representation of the minority. Tbj motion was carried by a large majority. At the last meeting of the Parramatta Council a report vtzs submitted by the local sanitary in spector (Mr. E. J. Love), on the steos being taken to keep the borough In a healthy condition. The majority of the house premises in the town were stated to be in a fairly satisfactory condition on the whole. Where reform was necessary the proper steps had been taken to have the required improvement made. The Mayor (Alderman Mox ham) stated that he was leaving no stone un turned tc get the town into as good a sanitary state as possible. All that could be done with out going io a very great expenditure had been done, and as the borough was in a fairly good sanitary state he did not feel justified in going in for any large expenditure. The aldermen men tioned several places where it would ba as.- well if the Mayor took action, a^d his Worship pro mised to attend to them. The water supply of Parramatta has for some time bean questioned, both as regards its purity and the high standard of solvency in which its funds are. stated to bs by the council's officers, by some of the aldermen and ratepayers, and when a report from the water committee was read re commending a large expenditure in connection with the building of a new settling tank at the water works, a lengthy discussion ensued. Alder man Brown was of the opinion that the mains in the town were not large enough to give a proper pressure. Then the pipes were old and corroded, and so probably half choked up. The far end of the town was all practically a de- 1 end, and- on questions like this,' and as- to whether it would not be better to build a tank at May's Hill, he thought it would be as well to have an expert's opinion, so that the council would have something to go on. The Mayor said that none of the pipes taken up had been found corroded, and that if it was after wards found necessary to build a tank. at May's Hill it could be done for about £200 or £300. Al derman Noller explained that the proposed work would give more filtration,' and, by keeping the supply .pure, do away with the complaints which are heard from time to time. Alderman Toohey thought plans of the work should have been sub mitted to the council. It looked a cut-and-dried job at present, as it was not very manifest that the water needed to be filtered. Professor An derson Stuart had said that is he could he .would destroy every filter in the countr.-. This was sim ply an idea of the water committee, and he did not think the council was justified without any further warrant in spending £1900. Then he could not. see where the money was going to come from, as the council only had £1400 to their cre dit. Spending this £1900 would mean another debit balance. Personally, instead of this he would liLo to see a sinking fund established. The watershed also wanted attention, as it was rapid ly becoming more 'thickly populated. Instead of spending this £1900, the council would be better off, as no complaints came from anywhere else, if they gave the May's Hill people their relative ly poor supply free, thereby losing about £50 a year. Alderman Saimders -was sure the idea of the committee was sound, and Alderman Hen derson said they must remember that when the sewerage system came into use there would be more water wanted. Aldermen Brown and Long wished for an expert's opinion to be obtained be fore the work was started. The Mayor (Alder man Moxham) said Dr. Armstrong had expressed nimseit as satisfied with the watershed. He did not himself consider there was any- very great population there to endanger the purity of 'the supply. He considered that spending .£1900 on the work was a very small Item when it was re membered thai the account showed an annual in come from the supply of £4000. The motion for the adoption of the report was carried, and Al derman Toohey then, gave uotica of motion for Its rescission. - The- methods of the Works Department for the deepening of the Parramatta River has been' caus- ing .much adverse comment locally, and in con sequence Alderman Champion, at the last meetr ing of the' Parramatta Council, moved that in view of the uncertain and unsatisfactory work being carried out in the bed of the river, the Mayor be instructed to write asking the Minister for Works to stay proceedings until the council had received the plans and particulars of ue proposed work, with a view of considering them at a special meet ing of the council. The whole subject (said A1-. derman Champion) was in. an uncertain and un satisfactory state, and considering the money spent on the river in the past by the State it ought to have been navigable right up to the ; town. If what he. understood was ''the present scheme wa6 carried^tmt, it would either cause the destruction of Lennox Bridge or the proposed rubble basin woiild'be washed into the channel above the flood gates or the lower reaches of the river. The Mayors in seconding the motion. pro forma, said he had already written to the Minister for Works to send along plans and1 a statement as to what it was proposed to do. He.hoped that they would find that no discourtesy had been intended towards the council, although it might appear that it was at the time. He asked Alderman Champion to withdraw his motion. Alderman 'Saunders hoped the Government would be* pressed for the infor mation. -Alderman Moller asked if the work was being proceeded with, but the- Mayor . acknow ledged he could give him '-no-; information on the subject. Alderman Champion, in view of what the Mayor had said, consented to withdraw his ^motion. ' ? ? ?'-.'- : '- ' .-. At the last meeting of the Tartamatta Jpouncil Aldefman* Toohey expressed .;h^ dissatisfaction with ihe sanitary' state of inife-borougii .at consider able lengthr. He moved that.in:yiew of the. alarm- ing spread -of tJie'bubonic' plague, -the 'council take all necessary - precautions, aiwl.-carry out a house to house inspection, and strictly ^enforce the pro visions of the Health Act. 'The Mayor said he was surprised at the motion haying been brought forward, as he was doing all he could. He would accept the motion as a vote ./of censure. Alder man Toohey retorted that that was a ^matter Jor; the Mayor to settle for himself; but he personally thought there was need -for it, and brought it forward from a sense of duty. There were plenty j of filthy spbts in Parramatta that should have at- i tention, arid he wanted to ; feel that if the plague came to Parramatta he had, done* his duty,, and; others. mu§t taks the responsibility for it. The motion was,'nega'tived, only the mover, and secoh- j der voting for it. , ' ' ' i At the lastTueeting^ofthe Cabramatta and Can- j ley Vale Council, the valuers, iii submitting their J report, pointed out that they considered the in- j tention .of the Municipalities Act was to exempt.] Government buildings from taxation. Alderman : Allen, in mpving;the adoption of the report, said that the Prkmiei-had promised an endowment of 2s fid in the £ to municipalities, and he consider ed that was -.'' treating the council fairly. The Mayor said that he was assured, notwithstand ing the valuers' opinion, that the council could recover rates from sawmills on railway lands. Stationmasters' residences were vested in ths. Railway Commissioners, and were, consequently,' exempted under the provisions of the Rail way rA-ct, but sawmills and fettlers' residences could be legally rated~under the Municipalities Act. This had been decided by the Fuli Court, which h2d: also decided that a pilot,- -living on J2rown lands, i was not exempt from municipal' 'assessment Trh'e' report wias adopted. ...... -..-?. The Smithfield and Fairfield Council, at its last .meeting, decided to write to the Government, oa the motion of Alderman Bellenger, urging the ne cessity for the erection -of a weighbridge at the Fairfield Railway Station. On Alderman Bel lengcr's motion, it was also decided to invite tbe co-opsratlon of the Prospect and Sherwood Coun cil in urging, upon the Government the necessity of! erecting a high-level bridge over Prospect Creek, at the foot of Loscoe-strest. The pre sent bridge was described by the mover as a dis grace to the municipality, bsing under water in wet weather, acd thereby causing residents to make a long detour to cross the. creek. In reply io a question' at the last council meat ing the Mayor of Rookwood (Alderman J. T. Jay) said that in its library the council had about 200 books that were the absolute property of the coun cil, and which included a fair proportion of worlss of fictioD, which could b2 loaned out to the rate payers if the council crdersd so. The books they received from the Government wera, howavet, only to be held in trust, and it would be impos sible to lend these. The library was how practic ally opened, and any ratepayer who cared to do so could drop in and read the books th=re. Ths bylaws for the conduct of the library had been approved of by the Attorney-General, and would shortly be gazetted. When they were ready to open the library he intended to have the publishers of the daily papers, magazines, etc., written to, asking them to send the council copiss of thtir publications. At the last meeting of tha Smithfield and Fair field Council Alderman Paine niovei that the fin ance committee report to the council the advisa bility of reducing the working expenses of tht borough. The council's revenue frcm rates, he said, amounted to £294, which, with the Ss in the £ endowment (which would only.be available for three mere years) was Taised to £367 10s. The overseer was now being paid full time, including wet days and holidays, and the speaker favored his being reduced to pay for actual working days, or only half-time. ? Seeing their small revenue, there was nothing for it but to also reduce the council clerk's salary- The clerk was a very good man, but. he thought the council could not afford his present . salary, and he thought that they should get some local man to take the position for £40 a year. The inspector of nuisances'- .salary was too small for the duties to be carried out as they ought to b9. The motion was treated with some levity by the aldermen, and lapsed for want of a seconder. The Rookwood Council had under consideratiou at its last meeting a report from the inspector, who had, under the provisions of the Public Health Act, been making *a house-to-house' In spection of the borough. Up to. the date. of; the report he had visited' thirty-eight' irousas in Mills, Keating, Short, Platform, and Adderley streets. The general condition of the houses was- fairly satisfactory. A number of minor matters whish he thought required attention had bean spoken of to the occupants. One house he thought unfit for habitation, and recommended its destruction, and the filling in of a well, which he found contained putrid water. There had been no cases of infec tious disease in the borough for some time.. The report was adopted, and the councu decided to en force the carrying out of . its recommendations. The Five Dock Council decided to co-opsrate with the Drummoyne Council ia its proposal to induce the Premier to resume the foreshores .or Darling Harbor. ? . . At the last meeting of the Five Dock Council a letter was received from the Chief Secretary, notifying that Messrs. William Bell and Charles Moore had been appointed auditors for the- cur rent municipal year. 