St. Stephen’s Church, Hutherjclen* Oa Sunday, at St. Stephens Church, the Rev A. Howaid read the following pastoral letter from the Bishop of Mel bourne :— The New Diocese. The Bishop of Melbourne sends geetins to the members of the church in his Diocese. Dear Brethren and Sisters in Christ,— I address you with all earnestness touch-, ing the most important subject which has called for the attention of chnrchmen in Victoria since the formation of the Diocese of Ballarat twenty-five years ago. Let me first remind you of the senti ments expressed by Bishop Perry and Archdeacon Stretch when the Diocese of Ballarat was about to be formed. At an influential council, held at Ballarat, Arch deacon Stretch said :—“I do not hesitate to say that the true and permanent in terests of the church in our land are bound up in the extension of the Episco pate, and I am confident that the appoint ment of a Bishop of Ballarat will do more for the general efficiency and prosperity of the church in this district than any other sleps which can be taken.'’ On another occasion Bishop Perry said :—" I heartily join with you in the desire that I may live to see an extension of the Episcopate Kn the eolony. It is my earnest wish that rl''msy see founded, not only a Bishopric of Ballarat, but one of Sandhurst also, and both held by men of God, full of the fcHoly Ghost and of power.” It is well known that Bishop Moorhoupe earnestly advocated the formation of a third Diocese. It 'is now nearly nine years since Bishop Perry was gathered to his fathers. How would- he have rejoiced to learn that the Church Assembly of which he was the founder had passed an act to create a new diocese in the colony of Victoria, and to provide for the appoint ment or- the first Bishop thereof, and the maintenance of the See ! And not only so, but the Bill was agreed to by a large majority of the representatives (clerical and lay) of the two Northern Arch deaconries. I desire to commend this project to your sympathy, your prayers and your co operation. The addresses delivered dur ing the Church Assembly in 1899, and in the present year, must have sati-fied every true churchman that the Arch deaconries of Sandhurst and Beechworth need more constant episcopal oversight than they receive at present. Confirma tion ought to be more frequent and con firmees more numerous. The church in Bendigo, with its large population, would be greatly strengthened if there were a Bishop in residence there. A compara tively young and energetic Bishop, such as. I trust you will obtain, would gather round him a band of zealous workers, both clergy and laymen ; new life would be infused into every department of church activity, and spread throughout the new diocese. On the other hand, the Bishop of Melbourne, relieved of so large a portion of his present diocese, would de enabled to devote far more time to the Archdeaconry of Melbourne and Geelong, and that of Gippsland. Such being my views, I appeal for your generous aid in raising the needed funds for the endowment of the new See. All of you can do something, especially if the spirit of self-denial be exercised. Speak of it to your friends and neighbours as a work for God, and for the extension of His Kingdom in this colony. Where eireamstances allow of it, devotional meetings might be held at convenient centres from time to time, under the direction of the minister, to intercede with God for His blessing upon the effort now to be put forth. Let every member of the church in his or her own secret prayers bring this urgent matter before the throne of the heavenly grace. The hearts of all men are under God's rule and governance. He can incline the hearts of those to whom He has entrusted the silver and the gold to devise liberal things for the extension of His church. You are doubtless aware that the -appointment of the future Bishop of the -new Diocese will rest with a hoard of •electors. What love, what zeal, what -devotion, what wisdom, will be needed by him who shall be chosen to the office of Bishop ! Let me therefore entreat your prayers in behalf of the Board, that they might be guided to the choice of one who shall prove a faithful and true pastor of the flock of Christ. One word, in conclusion, as to myself: As Bishop of the undivided Diocese, I have for the last thirteen years gone in and.out among the residents oE the two Northern Archdeaconries, confirming their children, opening their churches, speaking at their public meetings, and performing such other act3 as were suitable for the Bishop to execute. On these occasions Mrs Goe and myself have always received nnbounded kindness and hospitality. We have made many friends among both clergy and laity. The thought of being no longer officially connected with so warm-hearted a people is painful. But I am fully persuaded that the best interests of the church require that this severance should be made ; and I trust that my friends in the North will regard it in the same light.—I remain, dear brethren and sisters, your affectionate servant in Christ, F. F. Melbourne, 