THE KAFFIR. The writer, Edgar Mels, formerly edi tor of th© 'Johannesburg Doily News,' in the 'Scientific Am'eriean,' has seen the South African native, commonly call-, ed the Kaffir, in. all ihis varying phases, in his wild! state, ?' semi- civilised, and wholly so. -He has seen' th© native at his best and at his worst. — untainted by the 'touch of civilisation, and soiled by its proximity. . . . The Kaffir, in his uncivilised state, is ana overgrown; child, with childish foibles and shortcomings, but let him learn the vices of civilisation, let him' realise the evil there is- in him, let him-, discover that there is a broad path leading to destruction — and you will find a fully civilised being, as capable in certain directions -'as is the white main. It is a fact that where the Kaffir is permitted to dwell in primeval ignorance, with none to warn him against vices he knows nothing about, he remains a good' Christian, ' even though he is igtnornnt of doctrinal disputes and the meaning of the higher criticism. . . A study of. the Kaffir is a- study of the human being. And, what is more, he has been grossly and shamefully mal treated. ? . . . As for the morality of the Kaffir — that differs according to the tribe and its proximity to civilisa tion. Tlhe Zulu is eminently virtuous. In fraction of the law of morality is punish ed Iby death. The culprits are placed on the ground! with their respective heads resting upon a- flat stone. Them their heads are crushed with another stone. On the other hand1, the Hottentot, hav ing been a close companion of the white man, is the most- immoral and depraved human-being in existence. The Mataibeles are moral, so are the.Basutos and the Maehoroas. The Beehuanas are less so, aind tihe Bushmen rank next to the de spised 'Hottentots. That the latter are as bad' as stated is evident when the Zulus will not work in the same mine with one nor sleep in the same room or kraal. Nearly all the. tribes, savo the- Hotten- tots and Bushmen, are cleanly, the Zulus particularly so. The Zulu goes in bath ing twice a day. He cleanses1 his teeth with 'milk at sunrise, and agaim at sun set. All the tribes, even those partially civilised, believe in ghosts and spirits. Many worship tihe spirits of the depart ed. Still others are fetish worshippers. The most advanced triibe is the Basuto nation, in wihich there are 50,000 Christians1 with 144 schools: Ctricb as are the laws against indiscriminate sell ing of liquors to1 natives, they are yet able to obtain all they want. And when their supply of ordinary rum andi whisky runs short, they inamufactoire the noto rious 'Gape Sinoke.' Tliis addition to alcohol is the great eurse of the Basutos, . and, kt fact, of every other tribe. Cape Smoke must 'be tasted to be appreciated — providiedl th© person; thus experiment ing survives. For, be it known- that Cape Smokei consists of wood, alcohol, red pepper, and sulphuric acid'. This ter rible concoction is rolMied! by the Kaffirs as no European1 drink is — they have not yet been1 civilised1 up to the level of the American 'mixed drink.' But, to re turn, to the Basutos. For more tinans' 100 years thisi tribe ha® 'been undergoing a process of forcible civilisation. Good men and good1 women hav.e sacrificed their lives to the noble cause. Just be fore the present war began, there was a gathering of induuas, or native priests, near the Free State border. Thousands of 'Christian.' natives attended. Two oxen, were brought into a ring formed for the purpose. One of the animals was snow- white, representing the British. ?Th.e other, coal black, represented the jDoers. vvun weira incantations ana wild dances, these Christianised Basutos skinned the poor1 oxen alive. The white ox succumbed after five hours' of ter rible agony; the black one lived for nearly a day 'and a night. The gods of the 'Christian'' Basutos had answered the oracle — tho Boei*s would win. -The Kaffir is a stoic. With him, what is, is. I have* seen a Zulu's too crushed by a rock. Calmly he cut the injured mem ber off, tied! the wound up with -a rag, and then as calmly resumed work. This stoicism it is that makes the Kaffir 'such a .formidable foe. The native does not know his own. power — due to numerical superiority. Ann. hiim with modern weapons and you build a. Frankenstein, who will prove as terrible a. conundrum as- Mrs: Shelley's monster. For, despite his schooling and Christianising and civilising, the Kaffir remains a Kaffir, unable to fofcget his wrongs, and held in leash only through fear of the white man's death-dealing weapons. Even now the Basutos are considering the advisa bility of attacking the side that will lose in the campaign between the contending white men. Let the British be defeated a fem' more times, and even the loyalty of the Basuto chief, Lerothodi, will not be able to stem the tide. The only pre ventive of open hostility, even at this writing, is the parliamentary form of government of the Basutos. One word more; the' blade question in Sojith Africa will yet prove a far more serious question than' the black question in the South. And tho white man must shoul der tho blame, it is his burden. 