CLEANED OUT A CIRCUS Major Henry A. Newman broke into another of hiR characteristic stones tho last 1 time ho was in town, says tlie " St. Louis ltepublic." This is the way ho told it, and there were present half n dozen to vouch for its truthfulncas. " Away back in '58 or '59 there lived an old fellow by tho name of Similiter, who was a neighbour of mine. lie had been in tho Creek war under Gen. Jackson, and one of his relatives had been killed in the massacre at. i''urt Minims. Ho had a great and undying hatred of Indians, and was very bitter in his denunciation of them at all times. He was tall, iron grey, and well preserved for his age. lie mailo tubs, half-bushel measures, &c.;, and made n mcro living nt this occupation. I gave thu old man the titlo of ' General ' of which he was very proud. " Frank i'crrine, a neighbour of mine,who has since died, and myself, opened our hearts and hands and agreed to ' take the General ' to a circus at my town, Huntaville, Mo. Wo purchased tho tickets and gave him Bome odd cliango to buy lemonade. Tho 'General,' .Frank and myself took a lower seat. Now, the circus had n detachment of about twenty Indians, who camo in with war paint and feathers and danced the green corn, the ghost dance, and other Indian per formances, and then performed a scalping scene. " It was very realistic. A white woman rode into tho ring with an Indian holding a tomahawk and scalping knife in close pur suit. Hound and round the ring they (low, the Indian gaining on the whito maiden whoso black hair hung in glossy waves down her back. She Acted her part well, and was apparently much frightened. " The Indian grabbed the woman and dragged her from the horse, threw her down, and scalped her. He held up tho wig, all dripping with blood-Venetian red. A thrill of horror penetrated the audience. General Sumpter's blood was up, and, before Frank and myself could restrain him, rushed into the ring and with his hickory stick felled tho Indian to the ground. The remaining Indians closcd around tho 'General,' but his 'dander' was up. " Tho Indians commcnccd falling asleep under his repeated blows as fast as they did at tho ' Horse Shoe.' Frank and myself rushed into tho ring to bring tho ' General' out. The crowd was yelling with delight, thinking it part of the show. Above the yells of the combatants could be heard the loud laugh of Forked Eyed Adams, a well-known character from the Chariton divide, who could laugh so loud that it was said it killed the mosquitoes on the Chariton river a milo off. " As Frank grabbed tho ' General ' a big burly sliowman knocked him down. The old clown made at rao. I was an athlete in thoso days. I dodged him and gavo him a right hander on the nose and sent him out of tho ring. At that moment ail Indian stiuck mo over the head with a stuffed war club and sent mo to tho sawdust. The ' General ' sent him on top of mo with a club that was not stuffed, Sovoral qf our friends rushed in to help us, but the darned fool crowd yet believed it part of tho show,and were enjoying it hugely. Forked Eyed Adam's laugh was heard above the war cries of the lndiuna, and the old ' General' was yelling at the top of his voice, ' Hurrah for Got). Jackson and Davy Crockett.'. " I filially got hold of tho clown, and Frank grabbed theGencral,aiid matters wero adjusted without actual murder being com mitted. Frank carried away a black eye and I had a knot as big as a hanging bird's nest over my right ear. Tho next year we declined to take tho ' General ' to tho circus." 