Charley Birrell. BY ATHA 4VEST13URY. COBYRIGIIX:' CHAPTER AT. ' I nuist now take the story .teller's privi lege and pass at one.bound over' a lapse of two years. ' In this age of hurry skumyit niav bo said that a man ought to have something to re late during one hundred and' four weeks five days and odd hours of his. life. Tut, gentle reader, I am a modest man, and care not to give tlice my autobiography iii these papers. 'I hose two years were eventful to me, cer tainly, because in that time 1 had risen out ot the slough of despond to the hard metal led highway— rough, perhaps, but 110 less the highway of lite. The lazy, dreamer had become a practical man and, a worker. In that time, not live -hundred pounds, hut double .the sum, had been given, to the hospital fund hy Nestor t'eiin. The ljtlle I journalist , had inounleiLto . the editorial I desk; ,ii nd also eotild now .write M.E.A. after ' his name:: Krom the, windows of the' Logis- I lntivc Tlnll he could view the'mnssivc slruc- ! tiiro lor; the- poor, and destjtntc.; rising its ehuntahle front 'fo rt lie sk"y4ya - true liionu- mciib. of : the colony to,- which : lie . belonged, and of whose collective wisdom lie formed part. For my kind hearted 'friend, those two vcui'S' had been liregnant. with wordy uirnioil8 and . . harden : < Thc , war of politics . — of - leaders - mid d. sub-lcadei's in newspaper warfare;': . of speech, from 'platform niul hustings, apd hot, fierce debate of party;- ' While; foriniyself, tli'ere had -been no more -tlifin dtlie" mistakes,, the failures, no; less tlian d the" : successes and the trinmphs, attendant upon men in every walk of life, who begin with a determina tion, to conquer. Fortunate for me was it that Major Tom Gaythorpe, at the solicitation of my . dear aunt, invited me to his station on the River Murray. "I want an overseer,", said the Major. "A man who can sit anything in the shape of horseflesh, from a circus mule to a biiokjumper, is just the fellow I require, and I think you're that personage." So the thing was settled. I went with the Alajor to the station on the Alurray. '"Holmstlale," my new home, had a seventy miles frontage to the river, and was ailmittedly one of the finest horse breeding properties in the cohyr.7- r'jjTY Two years is not a long jjffpTC p udvddirpdtb' some in any profession; nave read ot men rising to sometlmi/'bcymul . JwijSft : breeders in less time. 11 Phfe timft)lid(S\HpW& quickly to me, it was lWp)Sce.I liad been diligent in my duties, eveiKw'tlirs,")\? detail. 1 had taken the ouN4orpjw- motto, "that anything worth doing is worth doing well." The Major was pleased with my application to his interests. He wrote my aunt, who generously made an offer in my behalf which was accepted by Afajor Gaythorpe. For the sum of C4000 I became part owner of the property. The Major, being a bachelor and found of racing, and these outdoor sports, wherewith gentlemen of" the last century were wont to arouse themselves, was rarely at the station, therefore, the management fell solely upon me. One rooming in the early spring, when 1 hud been out for a life-giving.strctch across the hush 011 a favorite hack, I found a hoy awaiting me with a telegram. " He hail rid den 20 miles with it in less than two hours. The missive only contained five words: "Alajor ill; come at once."" The telegram bore date from a township 130 miles dis tant, hut I had good cattle to select' from, and I made the journey ere the sun had "'he Alajor had been taken from the field of a dingo hunt, where he had received a fall, and broken three of his ribs, to the residence of T B. Buekhouse, mayor of Drayton. The chief magistrate's house was situated three or four miles out of town, and appeared to mc to be large enough tor the habitation of a royal duke. Almost, the first person t met hero was one whom T should never have thought to encounter, viz., Air. Jose Evershiun.- I was so surprised at sight of him that I could not speak for several seconds. "Mr. Birrell, glad to meet you again," he said, with a cold inclination of his head. "Alajor Gaythorpe is not so badly hurt as we at first anticipated. It was rather a nasty tumble though. Pray come this "if I had been astonished at meeting my old rival at such an out of the way placo us Drayton, 1 was still more surprised at his altered appearance in contrast to what I had seen of him at the Bungalow. Thin and withered, and with his great bones protrud ing, he appeared hut the ghost of the hand some gipsy I had envied two short years ago. About his face the alteration was yet more noticeable, the checks were sunken and hol low, and his grent black eyes had a glare in tiicm betimes like unto a famished wolf. I fouud Arnjor Gaythorpe sitting up in bed, and bandaged like a mummy. "My dear Birrell, this is very kind of you,"' he cried, his face brightening the while, now did you hear of the aeci-. "Did you not send for me?" I asked, look ing at liim in womler "Aly dear boy, nothing would give me greater pleasure than to have you near me in ease of mishap,, but I have not become selfish enough to have you. ride 130 miles because my horse happened to refuse a three rail fence," ho responded. "Look at this telegram, sir, .that was brought me at the station this morning." "Humph! It is strange," he muttered, handing me back the missive afler lie hail perused it over thoughtfully. "I do not rev member having mentioned your name to anybody here. Stay— where is Buck- house?" ._ "Here I am, old boy, " responded 'a, stout, red-faced personage, making his appearance from an inner room at that, mdment. "Buekhouse, Aly friend, Charlie .-Birrell: By the way, did you forward a. telegram to him this morning?" "Faith, Tom, I can't pay," responded Buekhouse. "However, I'm heartily glad to see you nre here, sir," he added, slinking me by the hand. "Tom Gaythorpe and my self have known each other for 20 years, and by the Lord Harry, sir, 1 thought our friendship was all over in. this .world, when iiegot that crusher out at-Fenton's gap."z. . l'ooh! Only a shake. Be on my legs agaili to-morrow," growled the Alajor. . , "I hope so, indeed, replied tlic kind; heart ed Buekhouse.- "Oli, there's the dinner bell. All'. Biirell, I trust you will make my house your home for a few days." I accepted, the invitation in the same .hos pitable spirit in which it wiis offered. . Din ner wus served in the sick man's room, and at 11.30 I retired for the night. As I have before remarked, the residence of the Afayor of Drayton wus of palatini dimensions. The northern wing. was quite unoccupied, arid approached from below bv two flights of stairs leading to a broad bal cony, and from thence by a corridor, to, tin- several bedrooms beyond. To one of: these latter I was conducted by my host, v who said, "You will sleep undisturbed - hero .after your long ride. . Some of my friends: downstairs are noisy fellows, and will- riot retire much, before daylijflit. If you- 'want, anything, there's the -bell rope. . Good night." "> v . The bedroom was. a. spacious apartment! fitted with every modern luxury. A-; grand, lied, canopied with: thick curtains, ; easy chairs, books, pictures,- .with cui-pet uiiiV rugs of velvet pile. , vA:1;;:: I took off my coat, then wound up my watch, and laid it on the table .before -riie. Somehow, though tired, I felt 110 incliin tion to sleep. Scaling myself in one of the soft, easy chairs, I took up a volume from the table and began to read. Strange, the hook happened to be a treatise on madness written by an eminent colonial medico. I had opened the book midway, but the. language and the subject hud suah an at-: ';to/a,ctqpn for me, that for some considerable thito'.Y was quite oblivious to everything |V)ut .the spell of the subject before inc. I was. .roused, however, by a slight noise in -jTlpdirection of the door. Starting up. Suddenly, I beheld. -Tose Evei'sham standing within the apartment. He had locked' the door on the inside, and was in the act of. I depositing the key in his pocket, as I rose land confronted him. I cannot stale clearly why a strange feel- ing of terror took possession of .me as I ! looked at him. Something in his face recall- j ctl to my mind the symptoms I had been I reading from the book in my hand. ' j While the horror of the situation, . was I still upon me, the intruder drew a chair to wards the hell rope, and mounting thereon quickly severed the cord high out of pencil., The act at once revealed to mo the danger of my position. Excepting the terrible idea which took possession of me when I Iirst discovered him, I felt my courage rise with the emergency. After all wc were matt to man. Let his purjMise be what it might, . I felt myself his equal. He possessed vast physical strength, but I had presence of mind and the energy of nerve in my favor. , : I cannot describe the expression of his face as lie approached me. I only - know that I calmly moved to the other > side of the table, thus placing. the obstacle between us, and without once moving my gaze '.front him. ' ' v "Do you wish to know why I eame here to-night?" he asked,- iii a low, intense tone of voice. "No." "Then I will tell you. 1 came to kill you— kill, kill you. Do you hear?" he hissed out between. his teeth,- and ins great black eyes ablaze with passion. "Why shrink! you do that? I never in jured you, 'sir."- "It's a lie," he shrieked; A- 'damnable smooth lie, and I'll have your lite." "As you please; but pray- eiihghteu - me with reference to my "crime?" ' "Crime!" he echoed, witlr: a low,- short langh. "Have you not stolen injv jewel?. Where is Alice Barton?" "I cannot say, sir." "Another lie," he cricil. "You have stolen her away from me, who was to lmve been her husband— nay— am her husband.' "Air. Evcrxhani. Are you mad?" The words brought an instant change in h:s mood. "Mad!" he repeated, with a vacant stare. ""Aye, I am mad. Did not Nestor I'enn tell you so?" ' "No, sir." "Then lie was not true to you," lie re sponded, seating himself in the chair I hud vacated. "I am mad. ' 1 enri feel it in my brain, in my blood, and in every tissue and fibre of my body. I have felt it for years. Afany a time I have longed to tear and rend like a wild beast, but tlio little people who hover about me at night said tliey would chain me in a mad .house beside my uncle, if I did not behave myself. Ha, I'm' as — — i. — . cunning as a fox when they are by. No chains for Jose Eversham." Swift as a streak of lightning the thought came to me that. Rodger .Eversham, the. squatter, had become the inmate of "a lunatic asylum. The reluctance of the journalist to speak about the rich station holder in our previous conversation was sufficiently clear to me now. A nameless terror began to creep over mo as I watched the working features of my dread companion, but I still presented'" a cool front, and kept my eye upon his every moveritent. _ r "Sit you down," he said presently. . "Nay, I am the culprit. It is meet I should stand in the presence of my judge,' I responded, making an effort to humor him. "Ycry good;" and he curdled. my blood with the laugh .which rang from' him the next moment. : .' ... ."I am going to tell you a secret," lie said,, quietly. : 'Alice Barton loves- you. She told me so when X went to ask her to be my wife. Will -you mark what 1 tell you?".- .-."Certainly, sir." : . "Loves you— loves you; Such 11 puny fel low as you, because you saved her from the river, eh? She would not tell me that 111 so lnarijvwords. Oil, dear no, she's too ciiiitiiiig' for that, but the mndinan was us cunning as the lndy,; mnrk.' I saw you in her eyes," and in every dimple of. her face. -liar She- couldn't ; hide that from me. You're the jnan for Galwny." ; . -v:; His rambling words made ifiy heart throb -with pleasure.' despite the: deadly vjieril in 'which I stood. What if Frank- BartonUi sister really -.did care for.mqafter all?: :: Y' "C'aii you write?"- he asked again abruptly. ' 1 nnswereil him in the affirmative. -".Sit down, and' write what I- shall say-lo v.. ''There are neither -pens nor ink. ; Sup- jiose -I nieiiil ' the bell, rope and ' riiig , for them."". ' " f . "-lie rose suddenly. V .. v . ;A"No;novf:'P!ay; tlYe. fox;soirie otljer'time;" he" saicl.' "Lo'ok round,1 the doors are locked:- No one can. eoiue to yo.ii it you: had lungs -of brass' to call thcm."- lla, ha, liu, my hero ot tlic Nepeau/you are iri my jiotver.'-' ' - "J am in the power of 110 man breathing," I replied defiantly. ' "I do not wish to raise my voice, because I', can - hold my own against one man,- he that man's intents vio- lence and bloodshed." : "Oli,- oil. -You .don't fear me, eh? ' "J ' do not. I cannot see that you, are here to coinmit a' profitless crime; for as sure as "yoii attempt it, the' little people whom you mentipiiod just nowJwill certainly .find it out, anil-yoit tvill receive punishment. Back, sir, ''would you 1' doom -yourself to the mail- house and the. chain?" I saw. tiie saliva gatliev at his mouth,, as lie "set iihriself ' to spring 'at mp, like some wild jurigle: tiger, but I , wiis prepared for, and , eluded the iiisli. Evei.slmm, missing jiis ribject, lost liis balariee,' struck against tlie edge of the' table, which partially inter posed; arid caused hini to come down with a shock that i'or ri moment well nigh stunned him."' Meanwhile, 1 had gained the hearth, and, snatching up a. heavy bronze., orna ment from the mantelshelf, dashed it full at him at lie. leaped upon me. Unfortunately the riiissile uiissed uiy antugoiiist, and went crushing through the window behind him. ; -'Ho, ho,", he cried out 111 haflled rage. "Do you think to trifle with me?. Now will I strangle', you .to 'death like you were a dog." c, 1 eoulil riot -avoid him longer, therefore cioscd .with liirii where I stood. In his mad lieudlorig. l'lish at me I guined the advnntnge of lijgrip . which had been. taught me. long ago by one of the first .wrestlers in. Eng- hindv-'-.-JOven willi.;this advantage I soon found tliat I. was no inore to him than u 'stripling would be in the' hands of a giant. Here arid. there, 'up, and down we struggled, his crazy eyeballs ringed white, and glaring at; me: : with a ferocity which disclosed the hate pf; a : roused and , deadly lunatic. I have no remembrance of time in that sliiivp. shrift for uiy life. Under the im- piqssion that he hud no weapon, t allowed him: to twist me to and fro, and so reduce his strength by sheer exhaustion; but I was coping with a madman whose muscular powers seemed limitless. Feeling my own vigor fast receding, I made one last strenu ous effort, arid threw him a heavy back fall. His head came in contact with the fender, and tlie blood spurted down his face as I attempted to fix my knees upon his chest. Relieved from my hug, lie caught ine round the body, ami rolled inc over in stantly. Then there flushed athwart my failiiig sight the glitter of a long keen blade. \- "Did t not tell you T would kill you?" he hissed 'in my face. "Ha, ha, ha." i t felt my hour near. Yet I did riot lose riiy presence of mind. As my antagonist raised the- knife. I culled qut suddenly, "See, there are the little people behind you. Look.'! : . . _ He hounded upvwith a scared face, and threw down" tlie knife. . Quick as thought I pounced upon it, and hurled it through the window. "Liar arid devil," he roared out. "You have deceived ine again. Down on yoini knees. You shall have no mercy." Almost simultaneously with his words eame n loud rat, tat, tat, tat at the door. "I say. what 011 earth is the matter?" called out. several voices, eagerly. "Hurst open the door, gentlemen. Quick. I called out, as' my assailant once more caught me in his deadly embrace. 1 was half strangled ere they got- in and tore my mad antagonist from my .prostrate body.. But the .relief c-ame in time, else these papers would never have befen. written by me. . :. ; . CHARTER VII; . The terrible enrse "of madiiess had ap peared to have been the licirloo'm of the Evershams for many generations in England. Here, both uncle and nephew had suc cumbed to it. The former gradually and harmlessly had fallen from his high estate into utter idiocy. The latter suddenly and hy one leap into a dangerous raging lunatic. Those who had known Jose Eversham could hardly credit the idea that he was mad — and there was no one amongst the number more sceptical on the point than Air. Buek house and Alajor Gnvtliorpc— for some con siderable lime alter that night scene de scribed in inv last paper. With tlie cunning of a madman he had sent the telegram un known to any member of the major s house hold, and had waited with a levensli longing to take my hie. Wliv he should have : singled out myself as the first object 011 which to vent his mad fury was fully , ex plained, in his bitter reproach that I had stolen. away his love. But I was not aware then that lie had actually been to AIaysville . to ask Alice Barton.to become his wife,, and . that she had refused him. bo.it transpired, however. I'oor fellow.; I. pitied him deeply. This sudden phnige mto utter oblivion— nothing ness— from tlie lull pride and mental vigor of a bright young manhood, was sqniething frightful to contemplate. For ever and for evermore, the world would be to hijn but as a faded dream, and, therefore, as such, and no more, I say adieu to thee, Jose Eversham. 1 Once more at the Bungalow,. There is the Alajor, closing imclcr tlie vineelad veran dah, with John Burton in company. With in that room beyond, and Avhere the sun is casting huge heamB and bars of liquid silver, . Alice Barton sits beside my aunt, with an open volume of poems, from which she iH reading. 1 Frank Barton and myself j are lounging apart, .planning how we are to enjoy our selves for the next three wpeks. Because the Bartons have come down, from the coun try to spend a .holiday at .the Bungalow, Mrs. Shelley (my aunt's neighbor) and her charming liicee, Fanny Bishop,. have deter mined to help my jkinswoman to make the brief visi t as agreeable as possible; j "Then that is agvecd' oti," says my com panion. "Old 'repliant's Folly is theibest place we can seleilt for a picnic. I will write to tlie city this evening for wliaj; we require in the shape of mahogany colored hams and tongues, Strashurg, potted fowl and so forth. I've; no doubt our old -friend, Beilly, will furnish ,us with a sujjply of crapes and apricots." - "What's all this I hear about Tcnnanl's Folly," inquired Airs. Colonel Dutton. "We are only going to hold a pieinc be side the old ruin, that's all," answers 1 rank, glancing towards Miss Bishop, who at the moment is deeply intent 011 a difficult pass age of Beethoven on the piano. .1 adore Tennant's Folly, Mrs. Dutton. . It is to me the most delightful spot in the universe, and I can understand why a man of hnuicjl means should have ruined himself in build ing, or attempting to build, such a place. It the trustees were inclined to sell I. woulil ask dad to purchase the place to-morrow. The groom brought the phaeton after luncheon, and we-tluit is, the ladies and myself, with Frank Barton as our Jehu- drove away in the bright spring sunshine. Through lanes of scented foliage, where the breath of the mountain came to us laUen with life giving air, fresh and pure as the perfume of flowers. Tlie drive was a suc cess. On the breezy heights above » est- ford the horses were unyoked, and we pro ceeded on foot towards the caves 111 the vicinity. . To tlie present time I never could com prehend how Frank Barton's sistrir and your humble servant managed to stray away from the party in the harmony of that still twilight evening. In all my inter course with her, and in that close intimacy which hail been ours of late, I had not ut tered a word which the vainest coquette could construe into a confession of any thing warmer than friendship. And yet there had been. something— yes, sincerely something. No spoken word, .110 licence of glance, no daring pressure of a yielding hand. Something fifty times less palpable, and vet a hundred times sweeter than any of these-a lowering of the voiee-u ten der tremulous tone now and tlien-a , dreamy softness in the deep blue eyes-si silence more eloquent than words— a sud- deu break in a sentence that had a deeper meaning than a hundred sentences. We sat down on a ledge ol rock to w ait for our companions. In the deep stillness around our strange silence was all the more manifest. - 'Did I not. hear you reading leimyson this afternoon?" I asked, hy way of saying, something. . "Yes." . . ... 'YVhat a wonderful poet he And now much more-wonderful us a philosophei ? 1.0 my mind, he is the greatest teacher and preacher of our age. Stern and harsh, bit ter anil cruel sometimes, but alwnys strik- ing liome to the, very foot of truth with an unerring aim. 1 grew better, braver and stronger as X read him. Alfred rcnnysori has set the stamp of his own sufferings on every pago of his poetry. A man must have suffered before he could write 'Locksley Ilalh' A man must have been tempted, anil must have triumphed, before he could « Twite "Love and Duty.' Do you know the poem, Miss Barton?" "No.". "Ah, it is only two pnges of blank verse, but I have read it so often that it is fixed in my. memory. Shall I repeat it?" "If you please." v In that lovely spot there was no fear of . interruption from stray wayfarers, and so I ideated the poem slowly to her, gathering strength and courage as I proceeded, until I reached the last paragraph, and then paused abruptly. She looked up at me in the gathering gloom with a look of in quiry. "Is that all ?" she said. 1 "No, Miss Barton. My memory is not so retentive here. Apropos of the poem, I want to ask your advice respecting a friciTd ol mine. "I don't think I have had enough experi ence of life to he a good adviser." "But you ave a lady, and you have a . lady's subtle instincts when honor is at stake. Worldly experience is not needed in this case." "Then 1 will advise you, sir, to the best of jpy ability," she answered in a low tone. "Thank , you. Hero is my friend's case in half a dozen words." "Three years ago my friend was so unfor tunate as to fall in love." "Why unfortunate?" she asked. "Because the social and mental conditions of these twain were so much in favor of the ly that the gentleman despaired of ever aspiring to a position to declare his love." "Why?" "The lady was wealthy, young ana beauti ful. The lover, -plain oi person aud'poor as Job." "But he hail courage?" "Aye, physical courage." "Then that was sufficient, surely, she responded. "Nay, but the latlv in question was the betrothed wife of another.' The silken fringe of her eyelids droop and hide the bright gleam shining in them. "Perchance your friend was not wise in loving the lady?" she said quickly. "Unhappily, it is the old, old story. A careless,' thoughtless, fellow, suddenly awakened -out ot his negligence to find his heart throbbing into life — to discover the difference between a grateful impulse of the mind and an absorbing passion of the heart." Oh! Aliss Barton, I cannot tell you h'ow hitter that1 awakening was." "I pity your friend, and would help him, if I could, was the answer. "But you said this lady was the betrothed wife of ano ther." "True, yet Tic who waB'to have. been her husband is dead to her now for ever," "And vet1 she may not have loved- this betrotlied'Tiusbaud after all! There is an old Greek fancy which explains a perfect Jove as two beings who have been separat ed by. an angry deity, and have wandered blindly through' tlie universe in search of one another, and, then, when the h'alf soul has found its mate, there is reunion. Tell your friend not to despair." In a moment I was down on my knees be side her. "Oh. Alicc! dear Alice! let me confess myself one part of this old Grecian fable," I cried, taking both her small hands in my own. "Let me confess to you how dearly the twin soul longs for its better and bright er half. Alice, I cannot find words to ex press how dearly and fondly I have watched and wailed for this opoprtnnity to tell you how much I love you. Three years ago I left you on yonder mount, thinking that mine eyes would never rest upon you again in this world. But I loved you then, as I love you .now, with my whole heart and soul. I went from you believing you were the aflianced wife of another, and since then 1 have worked and striven as only men strive and work who love honor above all things. My friend's case is my own case. Tell me what I may do in this my need?" The torrent of words cainc fast upon licr, but I had no power to stay them, it my existence had been the forfeit. She looked up at. me with a bright glance, and then her shining head nestled itself upon my bosom. "Two deities rule Love," she murmured. "The angry god parted us on yonder hill." "And this, darling, is our reunion." 'Shall I drop the curtain? My wife ob- J'ects. For I am married now, and Alice is ooking over my shoulder as I conclude my colonial experience. She says I should have made a goodly sized novel out of so much ready material. Dcsunt cetera. .Yale. (The 1-3 inl-3 