[?] ?*raLTI^Bfel- BT StfetiiAX. ARHANGEItENT. Jtgf; 3?» . ^apj'eoh, A«ft#rof^'Tlie Gi'^t Pprter Square My«t-iry,' 'Grif,' «'xha Sacred Nufnret,' Miriam Rozella, 'A .Fair. Jeweaj,?' »lhe Goiricn T.and' ; The Bbtrajil of John fordham,' fc-., fa-. ' COPYRIGHT. . j CHATTER yi.~{Contin\icd.) r ? * *^5 during ,ono of his later. -visits to ;Pap9 tliflk. ho . mot tho young , lady, who booiifyno . his .aecond wifo. Tho passions and inclinationa of men are matters of impulse .?nd inheritance, and .though thoy may bo .controlled thoy/ 'cannot bo destroyed. Tho momont Boniurd .Maubray saw Gabriollo a no w^flo.wer. of lovo look root in his heart, and her.im^go . acGompanicd him when ho -went from her presenco. . She was vofy little older than his . daughter Valerie, and it might fc*vo- boon thought that tho . disparity: in v. their - ages would havo held Mm back. - But strong-minded as he was, - ?the charm ha-l fallen and ho could not resist it. If occasionally tho doubt in truded itself that the union of a lady with a man old enough to be her father was unwise, it waa instantly dismissed. In tho lives of most men there aro overwhelming tides which carry them onward despite themselves. That Bernard Maubray loved Gabriello paB&ionatoly; in no way lessened his love for Valerie ; it helped, indeed, to strengthen it, Inasmuch as it opened tho door to a closer and moro constant companionship with his dear child. , It would. alBo impart new sweet ness to Gabriello^ union with him, for she would haye a companion of her own ago always, by her Bide. He encouraged every argument favourable to the consummation of hiB ardent wishes, and dismissed every argu ment which bade him reflect beforo ho took the final step. '-v. Thera were peculiar eircurastanccs which tmrried him on. Gabriello's father was so ?ntauglcd in pecuniary difficulties that ruin ' itared bim in the face. Not only ruin but dishonour ; for in hiB frantic efforts to release himself from disaster he had in an incautious moment stepped aside from the path of rectitude. Exposure, meant dishonour, dis honour meant death. When Bernard Maubray appeared upon the scene all this was known | to Gabriello, in whom her father, weak and ; rjrfJxm of purpose, had confided, and her soul j .vaa filled with .horror at tho threatened tragedy. Bernard Maubray was the one . man who could avert this tragedy, who could preserve her. father's honour, and in a moment of despair Bbe consented to bo his wife. No shadow of this despair was vigible to Haubiray.. r He loved, and was blind. The sadness of her face was accountcd for by . tho \- »loud whioh hung' oyer her father's honoured name^ : the cloud 'which it was his good forttfne ;to xemoYo. To this cause, also, he attributed her. wandering glances and the nervous olasping of her bands when he pressed bis suit. In a certain sense her sadness im parted a spiritual element to her beauty, and, given: that her heart was at rest, all else .was well. But' her heart was not at rest. She con sented to marry Bernard. Maubray, but she did not love him. Had she made this clear to himhe would have instantly released her. but the kept her secret close — the secret which only one man could have suspected, and that man , one of the. base creatures of the earth whosecareerwasBtrewnwithperjuredvowfland blighted hopes, with shame and despair, and sometimes death. Even as it was she would nob have accepted'Bernard Maubray had Bhc not had a firm conviction that , her days were numbered, and that she would soon go. down to the grave with her secret unrevealed.. By her act she released her. father from imperill ing dishonours by nature's deoreo she would be saved from a woman's deepest shame. So they were married in Paris, and in the church in which the ceremony.. took place forked the villain who had betrayed her.. Ho kept sQ.far back in the gloom of. unillumined pillars _that.be did not see. the faces of bride and. bridegroom ; ho heard the sound of mur muring voices, and, the ceremony over, he ?lunk ^way, twirling his Mephistophclian moustache with an air of satisfaction.. It was an obstacle removed,, and he was contented. ?« Br my faith,' he murmured, with a smile, 'I have. had. my .pastime, and Gabrielle is settled in life^ Farew;^l» my sweet Gabrielle.' But' if it contributed to. his satisfaction to think that, the consequences of his base, act were for ever removed, and that they would play iw. part in his future, -bo could havo paid no regard to that dread Fato which weaves its threads' in silence, and . darkness, and over - tams7tho grandest as well as the meanest of njoftal ,-snhemes at tho moment of fruition. We build our castles and dream our dreams, heedless of the uusoen shadow which waits upon our. actions, and lo ! when the edifice is crowned and tho dream is dreamed, a thunder cloud bursts and lays wuste tho work of tho best years of our life. Back in his house, with his bride and his daughter by his side, Bernard Maubray sent lortn a worK wnion .sec me. seai upon ms renown as onoof tho world's groat painters. .Thj*eo, of his happiest months went by, and -.^then the clouds becamo ovcrcast. Gabrielle seemed , to, bo pining away. Always quiet and reserved, she grew even fondor of silenco and solitude. With love's solicitude ho observed how thin and white slio was, how tho least sound struck terror to her heart, how when she was in thought and he spoke ,to her she started as though to ward off a blow,. He questioned Valerie privately. Had Gabrielle, complained ? ' No,' answered Valerie, 'she nover complains.' ? ' But she . suffers? ' 'Yes, she suffers.' 'Have you tried to ascertain tho cause?' 'Yew, but 'sho insists that Bhe is quite well.' 'Is the house too quiet for her. Does sho wish for company ?' 'No, she dreads it.' And Valcrio drow his attention to the circumstances that when visitors camo, or strangers were announced, her ono desire was to avoid them. . Indeed, - at this time, unknown to the father and daughter, Gabrielle was attempting flight to. some . spot where sho was unknown, and where fine could remain hidden from tho sight ©f all who know her. Ho questioned Gabriello also, and was distressed by tho nervousness and fear she exhibited when thoy were alone together. u Dp I frighten you, Gabriello P' ho asked tendorly.. 'No, no,' she replied, ' why should I be, frightened when you speak to mo?' But even as she answered sho shrunk from him and could not look him in the face. . 41 If you havo any grief, confide in me.' ' Yes, I w*y r was nover Btrong, you know.' ' We will you,- strong,' ho said, striving to speak cheerfully. ' You are very good to me— too good, too good!' She was on tho yorge ot tears, and be fore bore to question her farther. , All that lovo could do was done—without avail. Her peace of rairid seemed to be destroyed. Bernard Maubray's most intimate friend was Dr. Weber, a physician of great skill and experience, and from this friend ho sought ftdvioo. Dr. Weber accompanied the artist home, and g^ye a gontle hint to . Gabriello of the object of his unexpected visit. 'My husband is mistaken,' she said, but still with that strange air of fear about hor. m I am quite well. It is only a little weak ness, that will pass off. I am glad to see you, Dr. Webe*, *s a friend. I do not re a&iro; medical advioe,' Bravely as she spoke she could not com mand her. voice ; her eyes filled with tears. Tears camo easily now. 'Well, well, madame,'1 said Dr. Weber, ' behold mo as a friend, not a physician.' During tho ensuing fortnight ho paid several visits to- Crow's Nest, and making quiet observance of Gabriello arrived at a conclusion. ' Sho must havo change of air and change of scene;' ho said to Maubray. 'Of tho two I bolicvo tho latter is the more important. She has somothing on hor mind over which sho is brooding, aud tho quiet routine of her life may bo injurious. Map out a three months' tour, and do not stop three days in ono place. Take hor to theatres where light pieces and light music aro being played. A littlo frivolity will do no harm.' When the projcct was unfolded to. Gabriello sho assented to it gladly, oven eagorly. It was as if a weight wore lifted from her soul — from Maubray's also. His heart grow light at the relief expressed in hor countenance. Ho showed her tne plan of tho tour ho had mapped out, and spoke of tho pleasuro in storo for them. ' We will start to-morrow,' ho said. 'Wo!', sho cried, and the light died out of her face. ' You, I, and Valerie,' hosaid, wondering at this change in hor. ' No, no,' she exclaimed hysterically. ' I must go alone — alone.' ' My dearest Gabriello ? ' But she would not listen. With a scared look around, panting and weeping, sho cried again, 'I must go alone— alone.' So great was tho violence of her passion that ho ceased to expostulate with her. He would not, however, consent to her going without a companion, and after much urging and pleading a compromise was agreed upon, Valerie was to accompany her, and Maubray was to romain at home. As, in accordance with Dr. Weber's advice, tho ladies were to stop no longer than three days in one' place, it was arranged that Maubray should addreas his letters to the posts restante in the next town or oity to which they were bound. 'You will writo regularly,' ho said to Gabrielle. ^Don't me to promise,' she said. ' The moment I sit down to write a letter my head begins to aoho.' . . . But Valerie promised to write two or three 1 mes a week, and with that he was faiu to be content. So the adieux were spoken, and they rode away. Valerie in her letters spoke more of Gabrielle than .of herself. Now the invalid was a little better, now she was not quite so well, now she said sho was feeling a littlo stronger. Time and time again did Maubray express his earnest desire to join them, if only for a week or a few days, but Gabriello would not hear of it, and somewhat to his surprise he was dissuaded also by* Valeric, who beforo their departure wus very anxious that he should accompauy them. Condemned to ? seclusion ho took mental refuge in work, and spent most of his time in the Ruined Tower, where he ' painted from memory a marvellous portrait of his wife, absence from whom intensified the love he bore for hor. He wrote long letters to the absent ones, and to Gabrielle he poured forlh his soul, writing as a young man might have done under the influence of tho first divine dream of love. If sometimes in Valerie's letters there was a forced gaiety, ho did not detect it, having an eye only to the brighter issues of this enforced separation from those he held most dear. Thus month after month went by until four had passed, and then the thunderbolt fell. One morning, without any intimation that ho was coming, Dr. Wober ascended the steps of tho Ruined To^or, and stood in the presence of his friend CHAPTER XI. Bernard Maubray was putting tho finish ing touches to the portrait of his wife, upon which until this day no eye had fallen but his own. ? Wtfh mingled admiration and distress Dr. Weber gazed upon the beautiful work. 'It, lives, Wober,' cried tho artist en thusiastically; ' it almost breathes. What say you?' 'It is wonderful!' replied Dr. Weber, oppressed by the mournful news ho was intrusted to communicate. The sad note in tho doctor's voice drew Maubray's attention to him ; but ho turned* the next moment to tho engrossing creation of his loving fancy. 'I did not wish you to soo it,' ho con tinued, ' until it was completed. It has been my principal occupation theso last two months, and even now I am scarcely satisfied ; it is hardly worthy of tho original, but who could hope to fix upon canvas a faco and form so perfect P It is my gift to her upon her return , when she looks upon it sho will know that sho has lived in my heart. 'Valerie's . letters lead mo to expect that I shall not havo long to wait for our happy reunion.' 'I havo heard from hor,' said Dr. Wober. 'From Gabriello?' 'No, from Valerie.' Again the sadness of his voice attracted tho notico of the artiBt, and now ho gazed upon his friend moro attentively. 'I am guilty of great f5olfishness,'he said,, laying his hand kindly upon his friend's shoulder. 'It is tho curse of our nature. Forgive my apparent indifferenco. You are in troublo.' ' 'Yes, I am in troublo ; but not alono for myself, Maubray. There aro sorrows which affect us deeply through sympathy with those we love.' . ' Maubray's face grow pale as ho laid aside his palette and brushes. ' You have received a letter from Valerie. Does this sorrow touoh mo?' ' It touches you, dear friend.' .' Valerie is- ill,'. ? cried Maubray. 'Then I mu6t go t-? . hei\ : I was too weak and irresolute ; thoy should not havo gono without me. I roust go to them at once — at once!' . . 'Valerie is. woll,' said Dr. Wober, and his voice grow more grave. 'Good God! It is Gabriello! Toll mo quickly — quickly ! Why did not Valerie i write to me ? Speak, man, speak ! There is something in your face — — ' ' ' Summon all your fortitude, dear friend. Valerie did not writo to you dircot becauso she feaved tho shook.' ' Tho shock !' exclaimed Maubray, a vague terror stealing upon him. ' Sho is on hor way home; sho will soon bo here*.' ' With Gabrielle — ob, thank God ! Gabriello is ill, but we will nurse her into health. My care, your skill ? ' His agitation overpowered him, and ho could not proceed. . ; . 'Valerie comes alono,' said Dr. Weber, solemnly. ' Alone ! ' ► 'Dear friend, there are griefs whioh need all our strength to bear. They come to all i men; it is the human lot. But in the midst ©f our anguish we must not bo regardlwa ot those who aro still left to us, and whoso lovo will help to Rofton oven tho bitterest atrckos of destiny. Tho sense of duty remains ; faith remains; and Time, tho healor, will mitigata our sufferings.' ' . ' Gabrielle is dead J ' aald Maubray in V mufflet) t«no, aad turned his faco to tho wall. ' Alas! ' ' . In that one word tho rovolation was clearlv mado. ? For many minntos neither spok« ; fchen Dr, Wobor said, ' Valerie asked mo to tnjak tho sad nowa; - she enclosed a lotter for you.' 'Leave mo, Weber,' said the bereaved maii. ' Do not speak, I cannot bear it. She is gone! Gono ! ' Ho sank into a chair, and covered his faoo with his hands. A black desolation fell upon him ; .joy diod out of tho world ; nothing but Sain and sorrow remained. The imago of rabriollo presented itsolf to him, as ho -first saw her in Paris when lovo touohed his hoart ; as ho last saw hor when she departed with Valerie. Had ho but known— had ho but known I The image slowly faded, and tho world was dead. Ho did not weep ; tho blow was too crushing for the relief of tears. Dr. Wober plafccd Valerie's letter on the table, and softly loft tho room. It was a full hour before he stirred from his recumbent attitudo, and when ho raised his head his eyes, rested upon the portrait of Gabriello. Ho hud depicted her with a smile upon her face, and her lips seemed to be opening in the act of speaking. Was it possible that .this dumb cauvas should live and she bo dead ? No, it was not possible ; some deceit had been practised upon him. But Valerio's lotter dispelled this aelusiou ; tho words swam in his sight, but reached hia sense. ' Sho died in peace. Dear father, be comforted.' A smile, bittor in its rebellion against the irievitable, came from hie lips. ' Bo comforted! ' What could comfort a man living in a dead world ! This was a great tragedy in Bernard Mau bray's life, but in the heart of this tragody was a secrot, mercifully hidden from him by Valerie, the knowledge of which would have overwhelmed him with a deeper despair and a deathless horror ; a secrot which would have shaken to its foundations hisoeliof in human and Divine goodness. Mercifully spared in deed, though his anguish was sufficiently poignant without that bitter knowledge which lay hidden in his daughter's breast. So overwhelming was tho desolation of his soul that the presenco of his dear child brought no comfort ; that the presenco of Madame Hart inaun, who came from Paris to console him, brought no comfort ; that seeing them day by day, with tho consciousness that they were watching his misery with sympathetic eves, animated only with the loving desire to find a way to mitigate it, was an added torture to him. * 1 What can we do for you, dear Bernard f * said Madame Hartznann. 'Leave mo to myself,' he replied. ' Nothing will help me but solitude. I must i bo alone to wrestle with my grief.' So it fell out — for their pleadings were useless—that Valerie was oncomore banished from his homo, and returned to Paris with her aunt. ! ' You are not angry with me, father4?' she f^ked him on the day of her departure. I ' Angry with you, my child ? No— no 1' 'You will send for me! You will let mo | come home again !' ' When I am at peace, Valerie, when I | suffer less, I will send for you.' Ah, the pity in her face— the tender com | passion with which she. embraced the father , she loved and honoured ! Was it treachery j that she should keep her secret close, the secret that brought hot blushes to her cheeks, ! hot tears to her eyes, in tho solemn watches of the night ? No, it was the truest mercy. It lay in its grave at peace, but no gravo so deop as to help her to forget. To the last hour of her life its memory would remain. For two years Bernard Maubray kept him* self secluded in Crow's Nest, admitting no friend or acquaintance with the single ex ception of Dr. Weber, and he/came uninvited. Upon the first occasion, indeed, Dr. Wobe^ forced himself upon his friend, alarmed by the reports which reached him of. the state of Maubray's health. 'It ia useless to expostulate,' said Cfae . doctor; 'I am here, and here I intend to remain. Fiien'ls are scarce, and I do not intend to lose mine if my poor skill can save him. You are not over- plensed to see mo. Very good — or rather, very bad. Neither am I over- pleased to see you in tho state you are. My dear Maubray — my dear Maubray! The uudurlying affection in this little speech brought a faint responsive smile to Maubray's lips. ' I am glad to sea you, Weber,' he eaid. ' Forgive the coldness of my welcome.' ' I will forgive everything when I see the Mnubray o£ old before me. Not this Maubray | that I see now — why, my dear friend, yon : are like a ghost ! Now let us bo practical. What is tho matter with you?' ' I cannot sleep.' ' For how long has this bfeen so ?' ' Many months.' ' I am going to examine you. No protests ! I know my business, and you know yours. No denying that; and no denying cither that to waste a talent — a God-given talent — is a I heinous sin. How many pictures have you 1 painted this last year P' ! 'Not one. 'Then you havo long arrears to pull up. You shall paint my portrait, so that a fitting presentment of myself may go down to an ungrateful posterity.' 'I cannot do it.' 'You shall do it. It is the only favour I havo over asked of you, and I will not be denied. I will givo you tho fir«t sitting to-morrow. Remember, I am your physician.' ' I eannot put brush to canvas till I got some sleep.' ' I will ensuro you sleep ; the lonely life you aro leading is sufficient to destroy your nerves and your brain. When did you hear from Valerie bint?-' 'Yesterday.' 'Is sho woll?' 'Sho says so.' ' When did you write to her last?' ' A fortnight ago.' There was reproach in tho glanco Dr. Wober cast upon Maubray, and Ifo felt it. Life was beginning to stir within him; the friendly imperiuu.snesii, the healthy boistor ousnesa of tho doctor wero tolling upon the naturally healthy organisation of tho artist. ' It is not like you, Maubray, to neglect so sweet a girl as Valerie — your only child, who loves you devotedly.' ' Do I nogleot her?' 'Would you ask that question a second time, Muubray?' ' No. You aro right in muoh that you say, in mueli that you imply. But you see, I am worn out. Tho curse of sleeplesanoss un balances mo.' Although Dr. Weber did not approve of opiates, he recognised the necessity of them in this case. But ho found that ordinary remedies wero powerless to produce tho need ful repose, and ho was coinpolled to . have recourse to a deadly drug of his own pre paring, which had tho desired effect. In a few days Maubray's eye was brighter, his skin was regaining its natural colour. The drug Dr. Wobor administered was a diBsolv ablo powder, and ono of its virtues was that it was tasteless and colourless, and that it imparted no flavour to tho liquid in .which it was dissolved. Thus a person taking it unaware would not suspect its presenco, and this peculiarity rendered it dangerous. So great was the benefit Maubray derived from it that he insisted upon being supplied with several doses for use, if needed, at some futuro titno when the doctor's personal ser vices might not bo available. Complying with this request, Dr. Wobor was careful to explain tho danger tbat lay iu taking a larger, dost* ♦luin ho had prescribed. pro BE CONTINUED. 1 MC — It A-»j«nool Dentists' Society has been formed in connectio?i with the Dental Hospital, Port land street, London. At tho inaugural lec ture it was statod that less than 1G per eont of school boys and juris of an average age of 12 do not require home treatment for decsjod teeth. 