A GHOST ON BOARD' WEIRD STORY BY A MATE. Apropos of the tales told by Bailors, prob ably the most weird is that of the mate of the Dutch barque Burgemeister Jonkheer Col- nan. Jacob Sprincbrakcn is the narrator of the singular story, which be lately told to an interviewer as follows : — " You notice that my hair is grey, but I am only 30 years old. When I tell you all that happened one awful night on the Scheldt, just tea years ago, you will understand why it should be so. 44 To begin with, although I was so young a man, I was a captain. My father was a prosperous ship-broker, and i was a twin. My brother cared nothing about the sea, but to follow it was my sole aim in life. My brother was gentle, and of a delicate consti tution. Ho was decided on to be the successor to the business, while I was placed at sea be fore the maet wiien in my 20th year. " After six years 1 secured command of the Fraulein Vorhces. She was an old, un- seawortliy brig, hut she was all my own. and I made many happy voyages in lier through the waters of Northern Europe. " On the night of which 1 am about to speak, I had just made port from a prosper ous run through the ports of the Low Countries. " The I'raulcin mad the roads of the Scheldt nbout ten o'clock at night. I told the crew wc would not land that night, and as they were very tired, they agreed. 44 An for myself, I remained on deck for half an hour later, looking towards the shore. The house in which 1 lived with my father, mother, and brother was in plain view from the ship. 1 looked at it and won dered why it was all lighted up so long after their usual hour of reiiriog. For a mo ment I was half tempted to take a boat and go on shore. " But I went down the cabin stairs. Scarcely bad 1 reached my room when my presentiment returned. "I set a tray of brandy peaches on the table and lit a big stone pipe. SMASHING BLOW AT AN INTRUDER. " While I smoked I thought of home. I hadn't seen my brother for a year, and I won dered how he would greet mc. it may have been because we were twins, but we were always closer together somehow than most brothers. 44 So thinking, I must have fallen asleep. Suddenly a cold oppressive chill seemed to seize ray very heart. The ship clock on the wall showed the time— 1L50 p.m. The lamp had burnt dim. Then I remised that some one else was in the room. A figure was seated in that chair, just as you are now. I could see his face distinctly, but his eyes had an expression of mute sadness. Horror seized mc— horror indescribable. With a vio lent effort 1 shook off the hallucination. 44 Grasping the pipe which lay on the floor beside me, I struck the intruder a terrific blow on the head. A plaintive groan sounded through the apartment, and the spell was over. The moonlight streamed through the stern window into the cabin, and I saw it was empty, but there was a big dent in the floor where the pipe had ptruck. The bowl was broken. 44 1 went up oo deck, and to my surprise saw that our house was still lit up biigntly. There seemed much confusion. Forms could be seen flitting past the windows, and all was excitemeat. 44 Thoroughly alarmed. I called the watch and had the boat lowered. In a jiffy we pulled through the moonlit water, and in ten miouteB I was knocking at the door of the home. " JACOB MY BROTHER." My mother opened it. She fell upon my shoulder and exclaimed between her sobs:— 44 4 Oh, Jacob, Hans is dead. He longed for your coming, but he passed away a Tew minutes before twelve. He knew you were io the bay. Why didn't you come ashore?' 44 And then they told mc a strange story Hans was seized with a sudden illness on the morning of that very day. They told him the Fraulein Yoorhees would soon be in, but he replied that he would never see me again. At 10.30, the time when I had imagined I was asleep in the cabin of the brig, he had fallen into a deep coma. And then, at 1X50 p.m., at the very moment when I had brought that cursed pipe down with crushing force upon the bead of the apparition of my dreara6, he suddenly aronsed, and. crying aloud. 4 1 Oh, my God, Jacob, my brother, he died." 