ECHOES AND RE- ECHOES, RBVKRRH&A.TIOKS.; CEOKJE AT St HELENA. [By HUGH KALYPTUS.] -\nd I vas to go here. L Cronje, in t prison island, vot der great Xaboleoa Bon uart he vas ein honored captive. Ach! A vae goot.. I put me on. "some aide," I m haf a clean collar and. wear a shit, and mu5t make my Boers vash-deir faces vo a" •week of they don't -vas mutiny. ]± der custom of dese English imd- der Fren SheneraSs to vash somedimes, nnd dey d say dot der common soldiers do it. Acta! how mad Englishecs vas ba mit deir un niturai customs undressing mit der bed u changing deir underclothes efery month o so. More better dey. vas not interfere rait my Boers like dot, it make some mutinies mit dem. Naboleon der Conquer of der voridt until der verdommeEnglischer rooinecks bawl him oud at Vaterloo. Nab lcon!^der Emperor, der despot, der Sbene ral, he vas '.been here, und 1 am to b here, I, Cronje. I feel me proud. I migh ot been ein Efcnperor or Despot of der A can Empire of it vas not for dot "Bobs.' : 1 like ine not dot Kitchener; he vas "too many guns". for me. Krager, he vas a fo und Steyn -also, not to know more abou dese English. They ought to remember d dey blunder indo victory, und dot Veiling ton he fcnogsbods off Naboleon. Ach! Wohl! I haf nodings to do but dring und smoke nnd vait till der var it vas ofer. B I am coming here mit der memory of Na . Icon, und maybe I escape as he did from Elba. I make me some plans; we tunn under der island und got avay tosea. I vis "Naboleon der two tunes." NAPOLEON'S GHOST. Pardieu—what have we here? Whai!_ an exile such as I was, a great general! Is o 1 hear but a blundering Boer — that fel Cronje, unacquainted with the ordinaire rules of warfare civilized, an abuser of tjjc flag of truce, a dealer in treachery, a .skulker behind rocks, a man not of strategy, but. of subterfuge. Perdition! that my island should be desecrated by a hor of. bushwhackers, cruel as Russia's Coseaclcs, having no chivalry, no sense of th honour .of nations, and the prestige of th art piilitaire. The English were ever fool but they were, honest and brave, observin the htes of legitimate war, and clumsily compassing, victory in tneir own blunderin way, being too stnpid to, know when tfae were beaten And now hrith their coarse iMular taste theyare turning St. Helena, rich .with the memories of Me, into a pig gery, a Boer farm, fillingit with smoking coffee - drinking, expectorating Dutchmen If theycome making their boorish observa tions around my tomb F1I come from t soil Frantais to haunt diem. They are superstitious asCossacks, and tie phantom of tJfapoJeon le''Grande ' will - stir their middy brains to frigfit. Wellington would never df'permitted such a sacrifice; What M>le txmnere! Are the associations of a gteat'. general and maker of 'kings to be t defiled by ; ,a eef; *of dirty Dutchmen? Par-bleu!. It is ignorance magnifique, stupidityf sublime, -coarseness ' unprecedented, vul-, i ganty stupendous, but so very Kn£ltsli fK Ah!. Gil, it iswell my remains were removed. Stolid,, heavy, unchivalrous, pig-headed B6ers heavily lumbering over the twu walks wifiere Napoleon the Terror of Eu rope stobde.meditating upon the muta&Bity; of human affairs—but it is quite Ebglish, the id&i; : Perfide Albion! K M m '"Bobs"' is paying .his expenses all right. h Th^, calm business-like. way in which he l wailks around picking up such unconsidere tS trifles-as-a dozen or so railway engines, a trilling; matter o£ a few thousand tons op stores; Saveloys," Fritz sausages, biltong, tins, of coffee, plugs of tobacco, and -corns bread is quite amusing. "Bobs" does not h seenn fd think much of it, «aldng it all rinokm the. way of business—he just mentions it a a. matter of. course, that's all As a juve nile friend ,of mine says—"You can't knock any spots off'Bobs.'" Somebody comes to him and says in a casual sort of way, r "There are'eight or ten thousand Boers af a'p-and-So, or thereabouts," and he takes ht cigar out of his mouth. "Indeed!" tightens his girth up a iioleor two, says to To art my^Atkins, "Here's a job lor yon, Tommy oblige .me by turning their flanks." Tomm gets a finalbutcher of beer at the canteen sees th^ his cartridges are all right,likewise. his bayonet—specially his bayonet" — and goes and does it. Be comes back, sT lutes, says—""We done it, general," and "vBobs"' says—"Thanks. Go and get some refreshments." Tommy gets another butchcr. and remarks to his mates in camp a casual-like—"We've just been and rounded w up fthein Boers, 'ave a butcher," and dismisses it from Ms mind. When he write r .hdajeiiie teUs "the girl he walked with ca p sual,- or his wife, or.nis sister, or his cousi h of ,Iiis aunt all" about What he had to ea EQdthASKth and drink'.with kindred matters, and men tiB^'incidentally — "We was fightin'yesterda'y,"five or seving 'ours," just as if the reliel of • Kimiberiey and Ladvsmdth, the Tjittle on tie Modder Biver, Maagerefontein.and scrimmages of that sort were simply "al :in the; day's work. Hie British soldier and sailor- is the simplest - minded th The celebrations of St.- Patrick's Day m my own "vicinity on Saturday last was and generous, and' "th' whisky flowedlik wither, .-so id did." JudKingfrom the anm beV ; of' libations it Struck me that if' S Pairjt-k. had responded-in kind he would have seen'morte snakes the next day than ev6r he!turned out of Ireland Fm thinking;-and the'gates of Paradise would have ?to6d considerably more than, ajar for wa of."attention "from the jovial doorkeepers 'T'was' th* hoigth av festevity, laflhins' a liquor ajfi' good humour, more betoken 'tw .a"warm day.. .. It retainds me of the effect"of a ijeat wa ^htisj-— ; : ' ' Fvn a head that is swdled like a melon; " K tongue like a mallee stick, "^A' throat like a piece of piping, \- And a mouth like a sunburnt brick; v 'And ifs all along of an ev'ning '' I' sp^nt with a few nice folk, Snpping yarns o'er the whiflky, : And fillinc the ronn with smoke, . *Twas all aionff of the weather, . jind f cigarettes, 1 think, v ' And the yarn that the poison told os, And jinixijie .yes, mudng, the drink; . . And (hey tell me that* I started . :Full many an ancient joke; But somehow the point was missing, Though "I had-it before I spoke. > And • now* I've a head telescopic, ... That -opens and shuts in a way, . That .tells me the whisky bottle . Is down at low tide to-day. I.fEncy St/ Patrick must feel like that. 