The Musical World, "Music" inserts-the following description of the function of the larynx in singing; If you want to be a singer, and a singer of renown, Give ea/r to whait I tell you, and be sure to note it down. I've studied physiology for fifty years or so, And if you haven't got a voice, trust me ta malee one grow. The most Important thing, of course, in knowing how to breathe: .- , Contract your dorsal column, while, your mouth with smiles you wreathe; . ' And though the base accompanist:'waits for you ".to begin, . . V Don't start until your larynx 4s drawn well up to your chin. ; j .;. .;." Ifs well, though, to remember- that your larynx mustn't quit ~\ , Your trachea altogether, or your tones are sure to spilt; And if there's any looseness in what's called your hyoid bone, Be wise and have your pharynx ita your epiglottis sewn. If your voice is apt to wobble on a note not very high, Your cricothyroid membrane should be rubbed with Spanish fly. . I've found it efficacious when a tenor's top notes crack. To take his vocal cords out, scrape them thin and put them back. Therefs a wonder-working method that is called the coup do glotte; ? If you understand the principle you almost know the lot. You fill your lungs with cordite; when you're primed apply tho fuse-: . And the ha'periny evening papers are-the first to hear the news. '<? Now just one last word of counsel: you had best beware of quacks They write much in the papers, and exchange re sounding thwacks; But there's not a man among them who is other than* a sham, Who'd be puzzled to explain the functions of his dia phragm. Dr. T. Li. Phipson describes in the "Strad" the principal events in the early part of Mo zart's artistic career, and then says when Mo zart's father could obtain leave of absence from the duties he owed to the Bishop of Salisbury he travelled far and wide with his two children, who, wherever they appeared, created astonishment by? their proficiency upon the violin and clavecin, or. harpsichord. But from these journeys the worthy father often returned utterly- impoverish ed- by the expenses of travelling; the hotels and. post-horses ate up all ' the profits, and labor and anxiety began anew. Before the good man died, in 1878, he had the satisfaction of seeing his excellent "Vio lin Method" go through three editions. The daughter, a frail, talented girl, from cir cumstances tb wBlch I need not refer, never real ised the promise given by her in early life; but wi'th^the son of the violinist It was different. He was an excellent player upon the violin, like his father; so much so that some of his father's com positions for that instrument have been attributed to him. To give some idea of the natural talent of this son, lt may be stated that at 4 years of age he improvised some little minuets which his parents noted down as he. played them. The father, in his _few moments of recreation, amused himself by performing trios In his own house with two of his friends, one of whom played second violin. The little boy violinist enjoyed these trios immensely, and more than once ex pressed the ardent desire to join In them, but, of course, that could not be allowed. - "Good morning," the child once said to this secr ond violin, "how goes it with your 'buttergeige' to day?"-in allusion to the soft, greasy tone of the instrument-"do you know," he added, "that it is tuned' an eighth of a tone below mine?" This was found to be the fact! He was very proud' of the little violin his father had given him. One day on which the worthy violinist happen ed to be at liberty, he was trying ov«r a new trio with these same friends when the lad placed him self by the side of the second violin and b- gged hard to be allowed to play the. part also. When refused, he burst into tears; at which his father relented!, and said, "Well, sit down then, and scrape your strings, since you are so set upon it; but, mind, you must do it so softly that no one can hear you." _.. . . _. . At the conclusion of the piece the gentleman who was playing second violin expressed his opinion to- the father that th© boy could play the part alone. Thia was found to be perfectly cor rect, and when they gave utterance to their sur prise, the little lad coolly remarked: "For that matter, I could play the first part just as well!" When, from 6 to 10 years old, he went on tour with his excellent father into Austria, Germany, the Netherlands, Prance, and England, he waa everywhere received with admiration. But this admiration of the boy musician manifested itself, unfortunately, in kisses from the ladles (for he was a very pretty boy, with a remarkably intelli gent countenance), little knick-knacks and pretty toys from the gentlemen, instead of the hard, use ful cash, so needed by his poor parent. Then they visited the large cities of Italy, and returned to Paris in 1778, where the lad was ap plauded for his violin playing and- for his skill on the clavecin and even on the. organ, and where he composed some sonatas, some religious pieces, and even entire operas, at the request of certain high-born persons to whom he dedicated them, and who paid him mighty little money for them. So that, in 1779, this son of the old German violinist, when he was 23 years of age, found him self obliged to return to his native country, and, in order to gaifehis daily bread, compelled to ac cept the modes» appointment of organist in the little town where he was born.: However, by 1780, just seven years before his talented father died, he had composed an opera | which was produced at Munich with enormous success, and at once made his name popular. Then followed in due course, and with remark able rapidity, six other operas, some of which were applauded to the skies, and remain popular to the present day-what am- I^ritlng?rt^!lRiich have become immortal. And from the same ta lented pen flowed about a dozen symphonies, some twenty concertos for the piano "and orches tra, several concertos for violin, sonatas, varia tions and fantasias for piano, some religious pieces, notably an "Ave Verum" for four voices, and a "Requiem," which have become celebrated, many quintets, quartets, and trios, etc. "In all these styles," says a modern author, alluding to this son of the violinist, "he has risen above everything that had been composed before his time." .: It appears from a recent catalogue that he has left in all'626 works; and a modern French profes sor at the Conservatoire of Paris says of him: "Ho wa» the most perfect and moat comprehen sive of oil the great geniuses of musical art," Well, ,this gifted son of our worthy violinist, sad to relate, died at the early age of 36, and was in terred in a pauper's grave at Vienna. . It was a ! stormy day in December; the few admirers who followed were forced to take shelter from the rain | and wind and when next day his disconsolate widow came to weep over his tomb, of course it could not be found. Wolfgang- Mozart tad two Violins, one by Jacob Stainer, of Absom,, dated Ï659, and the other, on which he-. Iearned£.,to play, J¡y A. P. Maier, .'. of Salzburg'(his native» town), dated 1754. '"This w'^s a ,:th>ee-quarter instrument given to him by his father, Leopold Mozart.. ^*-¿í '; v .. S.'vv-' Wo clip from ''Music" .the- following páragráph, but express nô;qpinion'.on lt:-"A . very, puzzling young person, known.' to,fame as Mlle. Lina, is just now exercising the curiosity of Paris. . She ls a lady medium/ and is regarded by/authorities on. hypnotism and kindred mysteries as the very best subject as yet forthcoming for demonstrat ing the phenomenon termed: the 'exteriorization of sensibility.' When in a tran'ce her sensibility leaves her body, and.,can- be localised .by the, operator in any object-he desires ¿within a few feet of her. If this object be, pricked or otherwise manipulat ed, Mlle. Lina experiences exactly tho ¿ame sensa tions as If'the act had been performed on her own person, whereas.' her body, while she is in this state, is wholly insensible. In one curious set .of experiments, we ¿re told, music played an im portant part. It*was found' that when a piano was played within hearing of Mllé. Lina while' she was under the hypnotic influence, she adopted attitudes suitable to the music played. In every case the attitudes were so strikingly, beautiful ""and apposite as to excite the admiration of the operatic artists and painters who had been invit ed to. witness the experiments. Here, again, the suspicion might arise'1 of deception, though there is no reason to believe that Mlle. Lina has ever had any musical or dramatic training. But di rect proof has been forthcoming of the genuine ness of: the phenomena. A Polish musical com poser jv/bo witnessed some pf the, experiments ask ed to be allowedr,to; apply**a.'test'that would* satis fy him that Mil e¡ - Lina was- not merely going through a performance rehearsed beforehand. What he. did was to play a Polish country dance that has even fallen In Poland into almost entire oblivion. To. his astonishment MIIP. Lina went through the dance exactly as it ought to be per formed, though it was utterly imposs'ble that she could have learned; the proper gestures and mea sure. We are afraid that so extraordinary a fa culty as Mlle. Lina possesses cannot be explained by the mere musician. - Perhaps, the editor of 'Borderland' can throw some light on the mat ter." - The editor of the "Music Trade Review" cays, in reference to Sullivan's setting of Kipling's song "The Absent-minded Beggar:" "I waa never more astonished that when I read the following expression of opinion in the musical column of the 'Sunday Times.' Referring to Slr Arthur Sul'.i van'ssetting of 'The Absent-minded1 Beggar,' the writer says: 'How long it took him I ,cannot say; probably only a few hours, for he is a wonder fully quick worker.' Now, to avoid any mistake, I take-as it seems to me-the natural and ob vious sense of the above that the 'few'hours' (say four) "refers to the evolution of the music In the composer's brain, and not an elaborate calcula tion of how much time it takes to cover so many pages of music paper. In the first place, how does anyone set to work on the production of I music to an ordinary ballad? In practice, it means an air, nothing mere;, the rest is rou tine work, so to speak. Take a musician with out a spark of Inspiration or a ghost of natural melody. If he sits down to the piano with the words before him, and 'hammers away* with a carefully conducted series of experiments-his musical reading being sufficiently extensive to enable him to avoid flagrant 'reminiscences'-the end may j and often will, justify the means, and a. very fair and passable melody be the ii.sue. Hav ing now procured the all important factor, har mony and accompaniment can present little diffi culty to the practical man. Schubert, as we all know, on being presented with verses, first read them over-it is to be* suppossd carefully-and then wrote the music, air, and accompaniment 'right away,' corrections and additions being alike unknown. Now, Sir Arthur Sullivan ls not Schubert; yet I cannot help having a vague idea as to the modus operandi when he set to work on the 'absent-minded' one. I fancy he would read over the four verses, and then, reluming to the first, read it again. That, at the conclusion of the latter operátion, a melody would have sesn the light in his brain; If one may be allowed such an expression. Then I should imagine that he would play it over, and if satisfied-as might or might not be the case-the committing to paper would follow. If not, the verse would again be studied and a fresh setting evolved, possibly a third; only I hold this to be improbable. "I am unable to conceive cf any other line of action in Sir Arthur's case but, if wrong, how would a composer of his calibre set about his task? Make experiments at the key-board? Im possible. It may be admitted that the chorus, or réfrain, might have caused Slr Arthur to linger a blt;'since the words read uncomfcrt: bly, and the long-winded metre seems to me a m stake when the words are written for music. Of course, the I scoring for orchestra might necessitate the few hours alluded to; but that wes not my impression j of the writer's meaning." The editor of "Musical Opinion" says that a Mr. C. H. G. Knowles has hit upon the happy idea of putting the rules of harmony into rhyme. This is the kind of thing: But may I write a common chord TJ^on the mediant? Well, Dr. Prout, he says you may, Macfarren says you shant. Some student says that he will write wha'eyer he has a mind to, because the great masters did the same. To which Mr. Knowles makes us sing that Bach ls Bach, and you are you. And all he does you cannot do. 