Sydney- ek by Week. (romr Our iSpecial Representative.) t SYDNEY, Aug. 21. Beat the trumpets! Blow the drums t \- 'Australia's Noblesf Son,"' Barton has =returned. -e1irasn't brought a title back with him, but. lie didnt leave the Old Country withodt somne sort Af a -:handle to liis name. Cambridge Uni Si- ersity has dubbed him i- Doctor of Laws- In spite of all the banqueting 'lhe got while -he was away, Barton has returned nuich thinner. In fact, one = would mintake him for a '"returned :empty" or a Transvaal invalid'e -war-:, :iiot 'UHis fair round belly, with fat capon lined," :has shrunk up to an itl g1TnQst unknown quantity! He doesn't ook ilike the jolly fat old Barton the `-esent scribe used to know. Peihaps t~he amendments made to the Fede: al Constitution disagreed -with his con .titution, or, maybe, the report that A:lie ''was stranded in London" before the extra £50o for exes was sent, was true, and he couldn't -afford, the price of a square meal. You :can't get three lcourses for-threepence in .London, you Enow, like you can in Sydney. Fat or lean, however, the citizens of Sydt .ey gave Edmund Barton a right royal ome welcoining in the Town Hall. * ~* * * - The black Governors are still at rge, occasionlly Pticking up a lonely nint, and stealing food, -rifles, and am -munition. "-alf the police force-: of Eie colony is after them, and get oc ½' asional:-glimpses aof them, but the slip S- .:black devils, ike will-o'-the-wisps, .sishniily to turn 4p some miles a e; Let ,ui s sing.: ` S4e atesure to catch the Governors in ay day> or two at most;, %o ieForte is on its metal,' and will hant themn like a ghost. d vhen tie Force gets moving, they aiwill never once relax W'herireforts till theyve collared both S tlhieJl3reelong' blacks... t ley. have 6llowed (at a distance), and . have had them,-bth in -View. licy -ere once-quite close upon them, and exchanged a- shiot or two, it the darkines settled aon them, and \- they hd.Ao turn their backs. - - 'flence .tliey dlost iheii chaice of gh: r \- and the Breelong blacks. - I IFe a Aeai of admiration for the niem eas of the Force : are-brave, -when out of danger, anl. will ,vrotk then lik -a horse. SI canniot- helpl from thinirng jof S.: GCorgie-and hisaxe- SienI hear thc Frce k irei about ttc dIheD reeloing Jlacks' ,.,ancy two ,abotiginals defying tire' " lFhoe police foirce. of the colony, --be jiies a in arm of vilupteers, armed with .F ist fles and- noughl balLe art `toi kill an ai-my of oers -a S·~r_-·r·~~ -· : 4 a *-.--S~. SThe Crowdn Law authoities have .tummiaged iup their gid ,Acts of Parlia: tejnt,-and iuave. maide - the ~-discovery some leog4forgotten statute is in orce:i"·Sin.. ., dealing witil-the ipIes tion .of ottlaws. So a proclamation has , -p ssued. declariiigtlhe brothers G'Ž `- e y outlaw s. So nod, -aWyone can tatthesm nat sijght, as if they iwere lonis animals. Like-- Cain,. their -Jiands are a agi gevery man, anti -eery-nanrs hanids are ,against them. - s cene I',A, school in a bis town , ::p. WTihat do you undeastand. -by be-acrnent of marrilage?; aksked thbt; of.amzneu sf -schools. ofz an intelligent okt girl a:t :-to her _ cfie 'leasel, RiktWrince; itYsA cniidition: unuhent i tppare souls to enter.. ti ndb;ur adeitlr place." - -Slihe bhad ti t lwaing ip-th·e abswer she: ought i3iegivren to a question- ajiput pur ab Put her down to -the--ottom tih - clss;"? said - ther ½aP;h ft.s "Nay, Fathelt saild the in-. )eoi who fimnseifvasetlflh 4ikni $ry f 4be-4uich, -'9ep her stay s~t the 4 Forl.al yoi d yl an&I; knot (and ~liie i chshockledi) "perhaps the hanswer. he little uid -pyeabsolutiLy cor 4tect Topu~~ efromi the truvelatiins irif b-iS~ yd iorce Court (he pre en sribt e> is: indied to- think like we. In disguise the extent of Syd nimorality, the Hon. T. M tr L.C. -has introduced a toefitimise Illegitimate children, ded -the parents subsequently y -· sof6f white-washing>9r , 1y iyich immorality may be a to appear moral. rAs Slattery Is tilct R~v;-9 Ir.el I Knight -lf th# ;delof St. (~regqoy -tpresum ably 1w qthe sanction kf his Church for thlt iovation, - was once a small street argl And his little name was Tom, ti 4id k lived in Giitter-Persila k-V Where such arabs all come frog , U InA like little Gutter- Persians (Ev'ry one, and one and all His spirits were elastic \- As an india- rubber ball! Kflese lines jre not 4he writer's bwn Scompositioin, They occur in Basil I IFood's comic opera of the ."Rose of Persia," which is drawing big houses at \- Her Majestys Theatre. ,The street arab is a peculiarly London -product, but in Sydney we have lately-.-whether owing to -'ad tines," the increase :of pauperism or growing indolence--c- - ½veloped a very-. good imitation of ithe London art;cle. The man in the street waints to lknow w-hat our;truant officers are laout to allow the .thoroughfares of the -city to be- overrun with ragcd .urchins, maniy of them barefoot, solicit ing alms of the passer-by. These young beggars select those streets where strangers who are likely to Jhave well lined pockets mostly congregate,, such as 'Castlereagh-street, near the Aus tralia Hotel, and Bligh and O'Connell streets, where the clubs are. Up to laTe hours of a night every bepeyolent. looking old gentleman-is "stuck up" by ..the pitiful appeal of some youthful mendicant, and ladies, during their' shopping hours,- are similarly pested. There is no need of fresh legislation to stop the nuisance, as. any boy found wandering about the streets can be brought before a magistrate and sent on board the training ship Sobroan. But as things are, ie seem to be-re- ing a class of professional beggars like there as in theDildCountry. e * -* i * Perhaps the saddest-example of these children of the pavement are the match vendor -and the flower girl of tender years, who with their- chealp trays of buttonholes,visit the bars of every pub. - they- pass to endeavor to dispose of their 1stock; and possibly 'get~a threepence given them for the sake of their pretty baby faces ! What has thie future in store for such as they? Dr. Ross, M. P. for Molong, ,a well-meaning- old - gentlenian, though in: many things a "faddist," has introduced a Bill into Parliament to put down cigarette'smok- - ingb lby juveiiiles. , Any vendor of cigarettes to boys under s6 is to be heavily 'fined,: and - so is to tle the youngster .himself. But _suppose the lat who spends his pocket money- in piutchasing the cheap -'cigarette can't (as will .most likely he the cased pay the fine; ,aria suppose his father won't, then he-waill hayc to go to gaol; - ur-legis- lators seem to like to make new -crimes I The man or Twman' who sells a loaf of bread or a pound of cliops after 6 o'clock is now a criminal and if .1r; -Rosse Wtll becomes - law ` the juvenile smoker will also help to crowd out our already:Iell fi!ed prisons. Perhaps,. thoughi;the= yoiun4gters -will take- to -"chewing," which is not mentioned --as" an offence within -:the meaning of th.e Act; and so avoid its pains and .penal ties. The grstent-- scribe thiiks that Sifa parent armed-irith - cane can't pre vent hics m nson and heir from indulg- - Itg iitlite fragraint weed, it is a hope less task for-the law to try and do so. A good whipping-as advised by JBiig Solomon=-would be more effective than fines or:imprisonment.. * 9 * * *~ * .- In Paris the trade of the "chiffonier" (the profrssional rag-gatherer and cal \- lector of ancdnsilered -trifies)is a'recog nised institution, and somie of 'the old. met`-and women - who iay- be -seen - -there, with a capacbous basket on themr lacks,. picking rup cigar ends, t-scraps and -rags of all sorts, with a long poinhted sticJ ,arn quite-.a respectable living it -seem we mnust ha-ve smn - such gatherers of lags and etctteras - - here: The Syditey Viglance Com nfittee, ii its = 3regrind ions, has -un-i -earth$ -a loca nmantifactory for -i cfr'n ver tisfigd ahn o&antr; tatters of discar descd Alo ing and otherw-g6oolen - taite Sresc;ict fromwstreett ruibbish - bxies, or -scraped ouf fromi 'among the heaps on the "tips," jnto "extra superfinefilock" for filling beds and pillows. -Isn't it beastly?- It would be hatd to imagine Ianyhiing more alcbulatEd to Spreadty- -phid,bubohiic plague, -and other Tilth -diseitte than to illeep 9n ia mattress stuffed with "flock'" nime out of the non-clisnnftedeit malodorous rags that. Shavebeen c-llectefd from the gutter b the unwashed hcliiffonier" of the Syd ney slumis r- ** *Ae r, The Chinese of Sycjney, in order to expriess tireir thankfulness for th§ de barture of the bubonic plague, have inaugurate&l; a- Clinese opera at the Masohic Hall, Castlereagh-street;-- As the preSent scrieli had never before yjite4d o Chinese~ play lie went there lgst night, -The audience was, as might Naave been expected,maiuly composed of - the heathen Chinee," but what the plot-was, or what the actors-who near ly all wore long beards---os; the &c;/ tresses-'who were nveu -disgufised es women---were about the writer could otf comprehend. hie peculiarity of - o Chinese play is that it goes on; night after night, like a novel that comes out. in penny numbers. The hero in Act i is a boy, and, wsten Act 20 is reached, i he has 4aveloped a keard, and some where about Act S?o e is a tottering old imbecile. The actors>seemed to be al ways in a restless search for gore-per liaps they were Boxers-and the miausic 'I?) was a fearful jangle of stringed in struments, while "to, the non-Chinese ear, all seemed to be lplayingian differ ent keys, quite independently of each other. When the present scribe .left at to ).m. most of the characters- he was beginning to recognise had bieen-iither murdered or executed. Kalgoorlie and W.A. generally are no loInger to be permitted to-hold the premier place in Australian gold win ing I At least so says Mr. George Rice, manager and working partner of a claim at Long Flat- near Gundagai. He describes his claim as"the-best mine in the world, there is uiothipg in West -Australia like it." -He dertalnly seems -to have good ground for "blo-*ing." Two or three days ago he got 300oo0 worth of gold from one shute, and -yesterday, in the presence of some newspaper men (who donrt often see mucji. of the pre cious metal), they. ¶ok out gold valued at z52oo, one,lump'veighing rolb., be ing estimatecd to contain over zoo oz. of gold. Half of a -prosplecting dish' of fine dirt taken from the bag was washed and panned out 25 oz. of fine gold. The reporters were shown a seam of -what appeared almost pure gold-1 The Gundagai and Adelong dis tricts have always been some of the richest gold producing spots in this colony and nd doubt this latest find will cause the whole country round to be properly prospected. -We' are hav ing a mild sort of a boom in Dredging Companies, and it is not unlikely that' a lot of wild cats will lie trotted out on the - strength of Mr. - Rice's Long Flat Mlfine for the -benefit of other-long ' uf fering flits. - * - * % The olC catch about the nails in a -. set of horse shoes, a farthing for the first, a .halfpenny for the secdtnd, a penny for the third, and so onidoubling each time, until it cane to millions of lpo0nds steirling for the last, must havet igven the ide ito the inVehitor of the "chain letterl" As perhaps none-of the links in the chbin have reached Kal goorlie; tlie present scribe will try- and explain' briefly whiat a "chain letter" is. A wants to collect some moiney for some charitable-purpose, so jie posts a num berof-letters to each of his friends, beg- ging a twopenny stamp, and requesting each to copy the letter and post copies to their friends.. - B gets one of these letters, post the etwopeince. to A, and sends aGpies-of A's'ietter to C and D. Then C does the same, writing ,to- E and F; and so on, like a sunm in arith 'metical progression, ad infinitum.From whoever's brain-- the schenie was first -evolved the present scribe knoweth not, buta Miss Triffin introduced it to Syd ney, and her letters were multiiilied like wild fire, so that the bushels of let ters enclosing- twopeiny stamps, .which \-- tshe got-every morning, required a staff of lady friends .to assist 'her to open. Not only from - all' the Australian -olonies did .: -they -come, "but - from South Africa, Europe, America, and -in fact all parts- of the .world,-and Stbhe cry is "still they come." In reply to -a .uestion asked in .Parliamient, the Postmaster - General stated that over 83,ooo000. insuifficienitly paid letters, ac ceptance of which hacbeen refused by Akss Griflithirs, i had been- returned \--through the D)ead Letter Office to the countries ivlgre-they were posted. Now, suppoise-each of those had contained a 2ý. stanrp--as most likely they did---in \- deed she often got 6d. or is. in some tlhe contents of lt*hese insufficiently pre paid letters-would amodunt to /691 rs3. 4d. If the "'refused" letters contained mnedrly /700,. the writer wrondeis how much those that were properly stamped, \- contained? Hadn't the "chain letter" now bein played -pirtty well for what it is worth, the- writer knows of an "or phan" who fotild imuchly. like to - re ceivre every moring at breakfast a- fat bundle of letters, iii each of which was a 2d. stamp. Three of these stamps would represefit a "whisky." Three more a cigar. Three more! -oh, why didn't the idea occur toihis poor scrib bler! 