THE TRANSVAAL | WAR LATEST NEWS FROM THE FRONT. BY SUBMARINE CABLE COPY RIO BY] TASMANIAN PRESS ASSOCIATION.) ' LORD ROBERTS AT PRETORIA. CLEARING OUT SPIES AND MASTERS. . - LONDONTJÜIJ' 20,11.30 a.m. Lord Roberts has ordered the wives and children in Pretoria of Boers now fighting at Piennarspoort to rejoin them. He thus lessens the pressure on food supplies, and relieves the town of spies. AN EXECUTIVE COUNCILLOR ARRESTED. J. M. A. Wolmarans, a member of the Executive Council of the South African Republic, has been arrested at Hnther ly, near Pretoria. A large quantity of arms and £6,000 worth of bar gold were found concealed at his residence, He had previously taken the oath of neutrality. BURGHERS BANISHED TO CEYLON. LONDON, July 21, 1.45 p.m. Lord Roberts has commenced sending prisoners to Ceylon. Fifteen burghers of Zeerust have been banished there, and all their property confiscated, for re-taking arms after they had gone through the form of surrendering. Other burghers, for firing on a wounded British officer have been sent for two years to Ceylon. VICTORIA CROSSES. July 22, 2.4.) a.m. The following awards of Victoria Crosses have been made. Captain Meiklejohn and Sergeant-Major Robertson, of the Gordon Highlanders, for gallantry at Elandslaagte. Lieutenant Norwood, of the 5th Dragoon Guards, for a gallant rescue at ladysmith. THE ENVELOPING MOVEMENT. Lord Methuen has occupied Heck poort unopposed. General Ian Hamilton and General Mahon are marching north of the Delagoa railway. General Hunter is reconnoitring between Bethlehem and Ficksburg. General Little has met and fought De Wet's army near Lindley. The Boers were repulsed, and are now broken into two sections. CAPTURE OF NEW ZEALANDERS. General Pole-Carew has engaged in A stiff action near Rietvlei. The Boers used Creusot guns, and a pom-pom, and outflanked the New Zealanders on the extreme right, captur- ing Sergeant Macdonald, Corporals Richardson and Davis, Privates Anderson, Cone. Cross, Lloyd, Hughes, Ken- nington, McLelland, McCullock, McKen sie. Peterson, R. D. Smith, Wilson, and Wright. DEATHS AND MISCHANCES. The death is announced at Rather ley of Private King, an Australian. The transport steamer Anerley, arriving at Natal with remounts, lost 201 horses on the voyage. Extracts from letter received from Trooper Harold Hawson, under date Dundee, Natal,, May 15 (This letter had been missent to Brisbane.): - Here I am, back at the front again, having been on the march for nine days, and this time Buller has done a spin ' did feat. The day before yesterday we had the Boers in full retreat. Their Beecroft's were escorting the Royal Horse Artillery, and the way the ground was covered was marvellous simply flew over it-but the Boers having a start of four or five miles, we had to content ourselves with shelling them and getting some rifle shots at them now and again. A lot of damage to them was done by the shells. Three Says ago Dundee was full of Boers to play there are none left. If they had stopped and showed fight in some of the passes we came through, we wouldn't have had a chance. We find five miles Of i transport. The Boers shelled us a bit. but did not do any damage. A brilliant flank movement was executed, which has completely dumbfounded and disorganised our enemy. Our column the main one) was on the left flank, General Hildyard had command of the centre through Elands Laagte, and on the left another division in charge of General Lyttleton, so the Boers had no ghost of a chance. We have been living like lords the last day or so, as the Boers, in their hurried retreat, loft herds of goats, which we have been kill- ing, and they go down first-rate with some bacon; but we miss the bread very much, the hard biscuits being a very poor substitute. We are not rest- ing at Dundee, having had a very hard week of it; out at 4.30 every morning, and never back till nearly 8 in the evening, and then some called to do picket Work. The Boers fired the veldt as we came along for miles and miles, all along the line, to prevent our cattle grazing, but it didn't make much difference to us. When I returned from f urban to our camp, I found it was a stake my being recalled, and I am going back first opportunity. I shall not be of any use any more in this campaign, as my left shoulder and side are still very weak, and, as you are all very anxious for me to come home, no doubt you will see me in Hobart shortly, as I have no doubt the Imperial will give me my passage, and leave of absence for a time. Also under date Ingogo, Natal, May 24: We have had 16 days in all hard marching, it being a case of carrying everything before us, and sending the Boers in every direction, with very little loss of life ; only two of ours hurt. One poor follow has since died from his wounds. We are now camped at this place, about eight miles from the Majuba Hill or history fame, and Laing's Nek. The Boers are there in strong force, and have their big guns occupying an ideal position for defensive purposes ; but, come what will the union Jack must wave again on Majuba. iWo muster about 19,000 men. I am sorry that I shall be out of all this. I have tried very hard to get back to my duty again, but find it is no use. I am waiting till the railway is repaired to obey orders to return to Maritzburg. No bread for four weeks now-it's a real terror, these hard biscuits. I will bring some back with me, and I am sure you will fall in love with them I I In all probability, Trooper Dawson will be on board the troopship Karamea, expected on the 24th inst. 