AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. The Theatre Royal was crowded to over- <*> flowing on Friday evening, when the last performance but two of the spectacular burlesque, "Little Red Riding Hood," was given under the patronage and in the pre- sence of the Acting Commandant (Colonel Stuart), Lieutenant-Colonel Rowell, and the officers and men of the Imperial Bush- men's Corps. The entrance to the theatre was appropriately draped with flags, which also occupied a prominent place in the decoration of the auditorium. The per- formance went merrily from start to finish, the picturesque scenery, handsome cos- tumes, and graceful ballets all winning en- thusiastic recognition. Miss Dorothy Vane, as the dainty little heroine, found immense favor and when, clad in khaki costume, she sang Mr. A. B. Mumme's stirring patriotic song, "For the flag," she met with a per- fect ovation, and, needless to say, had to respond to a demonstrative recall. Miss Carrie Moore met with an equally cordial welcome, and her singing of "Children of the Empire" and "If all the stars were mine," was also responsible for undeniable encores. Mr. Harry Shine kept the ball of fun rolling merrily as Mother Hubbard, and the other members of the company worked with a will to ensure the success of the performance. A special feature of the evening was the appearance of Mr. Wallace Brownlow, who, clad in orthodox kahki, sang "Tommy's reply to the Absent-minded Beggar,"' and an admirable setting of Kipling's "Gunga Din." The first, though excellently ren- dered by the vocalist, does not call for spe- cial notice, but Kipling's powerful and dar- ing poem, wedded to striking and original melody, was given by Mr. Brownlow with dramatic intensity and moving pathos, which made a great impression upon the audience. Several new pictures, including a panoramic view of Durban, an exciting skirmish between British mounted troops and the Boers, and a mechanical curiosity, "The burglar and the ghost," were exhi- bited by means of the Anglo-American bio- tableau, and were received with every ex- pression of approval. The final matinee will be given to-day, and the pantomime season will conclude this evening. The Royal Comic Opera will commence a brief reason of twelve nights at the Theatre Royal on Monday evening next, the opening production being Gilbert and Sullivan's famous opera, "H.M.S. Pina- fore," which on this occasion will be in- terpreted by a remarkably attractive and interesting cast, in every respect entirely new to Adelade, including Mr. Charles Kenningham as Ralph Rackstraw; Mr. Wallace Brownlow, as Captain Corcoran; Mr. George Lauri as Sir Joseph Porter; Jlr. Harry Shine as the Bos'n; Mr. Bath- urst as the Bos'n's mate; Miss Carrie Moore, as Josephine; and Miss Dorothy Vane, as Little Buttercup. An interesting feature will be the introduction of a num- ber of new features incidental to the se- cond act. A grand hornpipe will be danced by the full strength of the Royal Balle- rinas at present appearing in the panto- mime; Mr. Bathurst will sing, "We tars;" Miss Alma Skinner will sing "Off to the Rio Grande;" while the crew of the Pina- fore will give the striking choruses "Com- rades in arms," and "The soldier's fare- well." The Anglo-American Bio-Tableau will also continue its exhibition of war pictures. 