OUT OF THE BEATEN TRACK. I Am, Bights Rbsbevbd,] ' 'Jem, I say—Jem, old man, roasenp.' Tho speaker, a well-knit, broad- shouldered youpg fellow, bant Anxiously over the pros trate fora before him. ' I believe t|» rasoato have pretty nearly finished him up,' toe muttered, as he peered Into tha white Awe and strove in the fast gathering twilight Io discover the extent of the damage that had been don* to hie f nend, , Jem Ashton, They Here on a. walking ton through the Sooth Western Highland* of Sootland, and Booming to keep to the beaten trackball been aet npon, after a long day's tramp, l-y two men, relieved «f their knap* sacks and the contents of their pockets, and left to their fate in this wild, little fre quented glen, exposed to the foil fury of an oncoming storm. A well aimed blow had quickly stretohed ' Lanky Jem.' as his friends oalled him, senseless on the ground, leaving hiB. more stalwart companion, Hal Chester, to deal single-banded With their adversaries. There - was a desperate taasle Wore he Waa worsted, to which a black eye and the torn and dirty condition of bi«dotues bore eloquent witness; but the odds were too strong against him, the men made off with their booty, and Hal waff left ?in a braised end battered obndition beeide hie fellow-victim. He fetched water in his sap from the mountain torrent hard by, and, to his intense relief, Jem presently gave * vorit to a languid: ? . ; . .' Stop that; you're drowning me.' Then he sat up and'looked about him in a dazed ' sort of fashion, till bis eyes rested on Hal's face, when he went off into a hearty guffaw, ' which relieved, the other's mind from any further anxiety — no half-dead man could laugh like that. 1 i ** I - xpect they have spoilt my beauty for me pro tern.,' he said, good-humouredly, as he helped iem to his feel. ' If you feel equal to walking, old chap, we had better be pushing OB, for I don't altogether fancy a night's lodging on the cold ground in this plight.' ' Oh, yes; I'm tit enough. But those ras cals have made a clean sweep of it, and no mistake. They haven't even left me my 'baccy. ? Have you any notion whereabouts wevreV ' .'?'? 11 Not the slightest. It's about as deso late .a spot as one could well find, that's all I know; but aa wo have not passed a single cottage since we turned off the road, the most wtnaihia hlan will tut til oft nhmll nnt.il vnm ' can find shelter of some sort. Whew! how stinging cold it iB,' aa a blast of wind came surging down the narrow pass, driving the rain and sleet full in 'their faces. They struggled on, Hal beguiling the time with a 'vivid description of his vain attempt to de fend their property. It was hard work picking their way amongst the rough stones Mid bits if ruck, in the teeth of the gale; and when the glen widened, and they found themeelveB once more in the open country, it was not much better, exposed sb they were to the full fury of the wind. It was quite dark by now. Between the showers the moon peeped forth at intervals from the dense masses of Bwiftly-drifting clouds; but it was not a moon worthy of the name, looking out reluctantly from its cloudy Bhield, and shed . ding little or no light on the surrounding landscape. Jem Ashton pulled up short with a spasmodic gasp. ' ' f can't hold out much longer, Hal. The crack I hat f ejlow gave me most have damaged my head more than I thought. There seems to , be a building of some sort over there to the left. If you don't mind stopping a bit, I'll just get my wind before «e go further.' A shadowy gleam of moonlight shewed Hal what seemed to be like a roughly built chapel some yards ahead. Putting his arm through Jem's, he half led, half dragged him to the building, and left him leaning against a broken down gate, whilst he felt his way round ' in search of a spot that might per chance afford them eomn slight shelter from the bitin? mud. Presently he came to a door, and feeling cautiously along, found, to his joy, that it was ajar. 'Jem,' he called, as he raide his way back to his companion. ' it's no good trying to push on further to-night. By good luck somebody has been careless over the fasten ing of this door, and it has blown open. Let's take refuge till daylight, at all events.' The other willingly agreeing, they groped their way in, and wearied out with battling against the elements, dropped exhausted on the nearest bench. ' We must get on with tbe first gleam of daylight,' Jem panted, ' or we shall pay for this rest with a sharp touch of rheumatic j; fever.' *? ' Bight yon are. We will make a move as soon as you have a leg to stand on. If only those rascally beggars had left our flask*, Jhere would have been a chance of getting '^aj-in'B warmth into one; but, as it is, one can only long for the unattainable.' ' Wonder if there is a cottage anywhere near.' ' Bound to come to some before long. This seems to be a chapel, from what I could see from the outside. It would be no good a parson preaching unless he had a flock to listen to; him; and flocks must have some kind of achanty over their heads.' ' They go awfql long distances sometimes to liieir precious kirks, though.' ' You're a nice Job'a comforter.' Then Biienoo fell upon them as they sat huddled together for warmth in a corner of the bench. The wind had dropped, but the rain still beat pitilessly against tlie windows, making them thankful for even the sorry comfort of the dismal chapel and hard bench. At length Jem said: 'Do you hear a peculiar sound ?' 'Tea, rain.' came the sleepy answer. Another long silence. Then Jem spoke again. ' It's not rain. There is another noise, quite distinct; a sort of soft pattering.' ' liats, mice,' waB the laconic reply. ' And a kind of moaning sound, ' persisted Jem, straining forward to listen more in tently. ' Wby, man alive, you're not afraid of ghosts, surely !' aud, raising his voice. Hal called in a mocking tone : ' Pray, don't be agitated on our account, ye unquiet spirits of the departed. We shall be thankful if you will deign to visit us, and help wile away the weary hours.' A rustling sound followed this speech. ' Hal. you haven't a match anywhere about you, I suppose ?' faltered Jem. ' My good follow, our worthy friends of the glen have left me absolutely nothing but a half-sovereign which hud kindly lodged it belf in the lining of my pocket, and so es caped their notice. ' Aa he spoke something brushed past them. Jem touched his arm convulsively. ' Didn't you feel a touch ?' he whispered. ' Can't sav I did: but verv likplu vnn foil. a bat.' ' Bats don't walk upright. I felt some thing tread on my foot and touch my elbow as it hurried past.' Ha] began to seriously speculate as to whether the knock on the head had upBet bis friend's equilibrium. ' All fancy,' he said, soothingly. ' Tou «r» faint for food and Jostt about dead heat. Ton wait here till I Wake my way to the nearest cottage, f et some food, and bring it back to you. I rally think it will be tbe best plan. You ate not fit to walk another yard as yon are, an! we (ball both eatah our deaths of oold if we wait In this wretched hole till dawn.' Jem felt asnaue&to; own that he strongly objected to keeping a lonely vigU t» «w« a place, aad had jnat agreed totthe plan, when pnoe more the raywerioui moaning was heard, and a wan ray of moonlight, shining thiough tha window opposite* made * ftlowly widening patch of dim, misty light. Across this natch a shadowy form was Been to Ait, followed by another and another. Then the moon -was overshadowed, and alt was shrouded in darkness-. Bat Jem had seen enough. ' I can't atop here. , It's— uncanny.' he, groaned, hurrying his '^companion to the door, which he banged^ behind him with a clang that would have aroused the Seven Sleepers themselves. ' Poor, chap, that blow must certainly have upset him. I always did ' say he out grew his Btrength.andcould not stand much,' thought H«J compassionately; for he had been stooping to fasten his boot whan the moon shone forth for that 'moment) so had not observed the vision which had been the climax to his friend's ideas of unearthly visitants. - . . ??? Feel better after tbe rest ?' he remarked cheerily, as they trudged along. ' Best) 1b that placet I have always laughed at the bare idea of splritB ? ' ' Yon take pretty kindly to the Scotch man's beverage,' put in Hal drily. - 'Oh! sbut op, you know what I mean. But after tonight's experience I'll — .' He paused. 'Well?' ' I'll be hange-t if I know what to think.' ' Pshaw I You're as nervous ss a school, girl. If you had seen anything, now, it would have been different; but to get in a bine funk because an owl screeches and raw scamper about, it's ? ' ' But I did see something.' 'Oh! he's going off it I' thought Hal. ' By all the powers, that's surely a lantern I see moving in tbe distance,' he Baid aloud. ' Hnllo there !' 'Hullo I' came an answering shout, and the light moved quickly towards them. It proved to be a man who had been putting up his horse after a late jaunt to the nearest town, and on hearing of their plight he will ingly consented to pilot them to an inn a little further down the road. The next morn ing Hal was greatly delighted to find his companion suffering from nothing worse than a bad cold. ' t say, old fellow, I have found out all abont your ghosts,' he exclaimed later on in the day, spreading bis numbed hands to the fire, beside which he had persuaded Jem to remain. ' I went to have a look at that chapel just now, and when the man who took me opened the door we found some deer trotting about. They had evidently taken refuge from the storm last night ; you shut them in, and there they were waiting to get out, poor beasts.'' 