A iygoec Melbourne Shows. By PKTEB QUINOK. MISS NANCE O'NEIL, the brilliant American tragedienne, made her Melbourne debut at Her Majesty's Theatre on Saturday evening under what must be considered the most, favourable auepices Ihe house was crowded to its utmost capacity by a brilliant audience, which included His Kvcellencv the: Lieutenant-Governor, the Mayor of Melbourne and all classes of society and critics. Miss O'NeiFs reputation had preceded her and—strange to sav -the greatness of that reputation opera Led some what to her detriment, for regular playgoers make a liberal discount for personal feelings and private acquaintanceship of critics, and are quite prepared to be disappointed when they are asked to fall down and worship upon hearsay evidence J his insistence upon the greatness of an artist that they have never seen is resented by the public who make up their minds to be disappoint if she is not a little better than she is represented to be. I here was a resolute determination upon the part of Saturday night's audience to give Miss O'Neil a warm welcome, but to judge her strictly on her merits, making no allowances for natural nervousness or the weariness of a long train journey. She should have a welcome and stri-t justice, if only to -etdown those who had seen her in Sydney, and raved of her. As Lhe first act of " Magda" slowly unfolded the audience began to fidgeL and wonder'when they should see the great Nance O'Neil When the curtain fell on the first act and the "star" had not yet appeared, faces turned to faces and eyes looked into eyes as if to say, " What is this that they are giving us ?" • After a momentary interval, however the curtain drew up again, and presently Miss O'Neil as Magda swepi into view. The tall, commanding figure, Lhe fresh, bright face and the sparkling eyes seemed for an instant to paralyse the audience • there was a half-gasp of surprise at the (jueenly presence, and then a storm of welcoming applause Whatever the play, whatever the skill of the actress might prove to be, it was evident that the audicnce were impressed favourably with the majestic appearance of the new-comer. The " picture " was a surprise in itself, but it soon became evident that this same picture was informed wiih rare mental attributes that dwarfed even the first sensuous charm of face and figure. She filled the stage with the magneLism of genius, and wnen she Epoke the audience listened with an intentness exceedingly rare. She has a voice that IIEB all the rare mie modulations LiiuuLiiaLiuna of ui tone ione necessary necessary for tor the (hp — ' ij unciy v.inary but pleasant voice at one moment., it is loving, affectionate, cooing at another, and'anon it fills the house with its passionate Btrenuth * * * » Whate ver tone it takes it wakes a resnon- Eive echo in the heart of the listener. In one ggreat reaL Boene scene whicli which Magda has "with ;with the lover who has deserted her the "storm „f 1,1 U1 its fury r swept . through ^ the audience scorching them like a sirocco, as it scorched her betrayer. A few admirers would have applauded one of the passionate outbursts, but an indignant " Sh 1 ' rang through the house—there waB too much of absorbed interest for mere applause. Her success was overwhelming—complete. To tell the truth, it is not fair to the public!' or the actress to attempt to describe her greatpower, for it is a part of herself and is indescribable. I nude a weak attempt to do so from Sydney, but at that time it, waB unlikely that Miss O'Neil would come to Melbourne, and I wassomuch impressed with her as the world's tragedienne of the twentieth century that I Wiiu had to LUWIHB write. ryuw Now sue she isnere, is here, and and the the nub public i- can can judge and have judged for themselves J "oaly say see her, and then, when I have said that Bhe is one .. of the greatest \- . of living actresses, tell me I'm lia r —,Vou conncientously can * * With " Magda" as a play I am not in love. I know this is heresy, for it is admittedly well written and displays much close observation and quasi philosophy, but it is apt to be somewhat tedious in its minute photographic detail. It is a problem play that hasn't enough problem in it to make your hair curl with excitement, or your womankind begin reading the advertisements on the playbill. The child, which may bo said to be the cause of the strongest note of passion in it, is nebulous and is " left in the air ' from start to finiBh, and the betrayer and the pastor are trotted out Beveral times apropos of nothing, and either to put in time or increase the irritatingly microscopic and commonplace fidelity to truth and nature. I am not an admirer of the naughty plays of modern writers, nor do I approve of putting the " blue " into them like large cubes of the household aundry. The cerulean tint which a grain of indigo ives to a gallon of water is, however, too thin nlesB there bo other colours of dramatic situation r entertaining humour. To me the linked swaetess of the problem of " Magda " is too long drawn out 1 doubt whether it would hold an audience for ior close i:ii)b<3 on OH three hours " but for the ", u conspicuou * - genius of M n s 0 Nc ^ ind the me it of hereon p iny» And I,ho merit of her company is undeniable—it i 8 a ureal improvement upon that which Buppoited her when I paw her in Sydney. Mr. M'Kee Rankin is himself a star of no mean magnitude. For over a. generation lie has been a marked bgure m the United Statee, and has been associated -with thai the great success of "The DaniVes," a piece S ; old playgoers will remember. Mr. Rankin not require the testimonial of the past to stamp him as an actor of mark. He in that in the present. He ia an artist to the tips of his fingers, and his characterisation of Colonel Schwartze, Magda's father, isa magnificent pieeeuf acting, characterised by strong individuality There is not a touch wanting, mentally or bodily, in this fine performance of an old Buldier to whom honour in man and virtue in woman are gospels which admit of no commentaries. There is a pitiable pathos in his acceptation of the reparation that is to make an honest H-ornan of hiB loved daughter: there is an awful solemnity about tho last effort to rid his home of the'plaything of " otherB," and a painful realism about tlie apoplectic death, with the rebellious, repentant Magda hugging the dead f-iot and beating head and heart out against ttia old man's dead limbB Ah ! It is a sight to shudder at—and to see I feel the power of the man and tho woman as I write after many hours. Miss O'Neil and Mr. Rankin in this piiy unsettle the nerves, and as they have the chief parts in the piece, tho rest of the company receive but scant justice in the first notice lf, R °of a an " impressionable notice, but Mies .Tosenhine Thvnne jfi a Bweet and amiable Marie, ana Mr. Harry Plimmer an excellent Von Keller, the first of the " others," Mr. Tbos. Kingston isjsffootitzg as the pastor, but the opportunities " ^ Barton Hill was clever with v ef ya m i jfka.'n in the first act, and MrE. /Henry Bracy,SSlipv, Ricca Allen Miss K<hth Bfenry, w^Me. S Rh.{ Will Bernar,I and George BecW were subordmate and uninteresting Hart* Th^/^s, the (lowers, the enthusiasm, and! the «n>ver* expressed opinions of approval, expressed,^. the' performance leave no doubt as t o t h e ^ s p i JNancc J iseii. ~ No two pieces could be more humorous and yet more widely different than " What Happened to Jones " and J. M. Barrie's "The Professor's Love Story," which Mr. Charles Arnold and his company are now playing at tho Princess'. Whilst " Jones " is all huKtle, bustle and ruBtle, the professor's love slorv runs along smoothly and sweetly like a quiet stream meandering through a meadow. Though everything isquiet and subdued within thatmeadow, there is no lack of noise and laughter, but it comes from those who stand without and gaze upon the scene. The audience, not included in t he picture, may, and do, laugh to their hearts content, whilst upon the stAge the story drifts dreamily,pleasantly, sweetly along, alternately touching and tickling those "who gaze and listen. J. M Barrie's deft cunning of hand is noticeable throughout. Good novelists are not necessarily good dramatists (not ricr r?rta), but Mr. Barrie has as clear, clever and cunning a conception of stage requirements as he has of " dramatic novel-ty." The love Btory of the professor never tires and never loses interest. The observer in tho audience takes to this "absentminded beggar," the professor, even before be sees him, and feels as much interest in the symptoms of his case as the kindly docfor, who imagines that quinine is a cure for love. Humorous incidents are constantly revolving around the professor's little world, and the laughter is loud and spontaneous but through all runs a silver chord which the andience never permit to be broken, the professor's love story. Will that dainty little secretary, who is alternately demure and defiant, win the professor, whom she honestly loves in spite of his premature middle age P \f ill the professor ever learn why his knowledgenumbed brain and heart throb and beat more quickly when Miss White is present? He hag devoted his life to electricity -can't the man Bee that volts and dynamos and other damned things are nothing compared to the groat electric spark which has lighted the world since the creation? You want to shake him, to wake him to the fact that God's electricity is lovo. That's the way they fee! who follow " J he Professor's Love Story." • « • • Although the little secretary, Miss White, does not loom large either in the body or the dialogue, the is even a greater centre of sympathy than the professor, for 8be sutlers and loves knowingly whilst the scientist merely feels, not knowing .18 j-i'c Frederic is '"'chatmin^y^pi 810 a ,° d rwrfnrmanep She gets the sympathy of ... P° r J? r ™ 0 ™- ^ ein«ple fiUeng'th and womachne.s with which she battles against oppwing forces. She gets it by cheerful*-., no tearfulness, and, bo to speak, rolls up her" ^.ntf sleeves and squares her little arms and says, " let 'em all come !" She does not ait down and wait for the enemy to give her pity or quarter; she does not despise the methods of the enemy she adopts them aud betters the ins ruction T " l/ot " stands up against the world, faces it fights and beats it with that resolute energy and indomi .- able perseverance only to be :ound in the little una for in )lack, determination and success this Dot " is a feminine " Bobs." Miss Frederic ^performance of Miss White is the best and, though the quietest, 1 the .. Ftrongeet , and fc* most forcible _ nknrlio that Arnrv she has ivenin Melbourne up to now Mr, Charbs Arnold s & Professor Goodwillie is a distinct surprise and a piece of really excellent character acting. All the mercurial dash of " Jones " is absent, ; there is an old-young man, a scientist whose unseeing eyes have no light in them, whoso parted lips declare tho absent mind, and who moons about dwelling in some oLher world than ours. The face is a psychological study of a dreamer in the possibilities of science, a man whose thoughts should he in the next century, but who has been "stabbed with a white wench's bright eye," and knows not why hie thoughts cannot be fixed, except when the little secretary is near him. Then his lips are closed with a reposeful, happy smile, and the eyes become bright as they follow the graceful little figure about the room. The gradual ejuven6gcenca 0f the professor is admirably and delicately portrayed, and the development of age into youth is an artistic biograph picture that would delight the heart of the author. o{ There is not a weak or thankless part in "The Professor's Love Story." Everyone has what is ^called, in theatrical parlance, "fat," but space lis week is scarce, and, like the Ghost of Hamlet's >r, t r j b e W _ Mjgs A Knight, as P ^ o r ' t sister, whose life has been em- ^ P love-story ; Miss Ada Lee, as tc>1 housekeeper; Miss Hope Mayne, ^ Gilding ; Miss B e — , as her young p-mother-in-la*-; Mr. George Willoughby, as Sir George Gilding; and Mr. E. Lester, as D'Yellowlees, all render good service, and each and all make some mark in the piece. Mr. E. W. Thomas, as the professor's physicim, has ail important part to play, and plays it with a hearty naturalness and force that win the heart of the audience from the beginning. There are two Scottish labourers, Henders and Pete, which stand forth in high and humorous relief. These are rendered by Air. Frank Denton and Mr. Frederic Sharp in a manner that could not ba excelled. Mr, Sharp, we all know, was a genuine comedian after his Professor in "Jones," but Mr. Denton bad been credited only with the power of portraying the light and airy young men who " feed " the others. His Henders, however, , . , , j- t , • , , n , proves him to be a comedian o deeded class, and an actor ot marked ver8a t " lL 3'- . me scenery of John Little and sen calls for much praise, the wheatfield at ha^veBt time being especially warm and beautiful. The incidental music, composed by the conductor, Mr. George Pack, was couceived in the spirit of the piece, and the general Buccess snd completeness of the production may be credited to the experienced stage direction of Mr. Walter Raynbam. A matinee will be given next Saturday afternoon. "The Ladder of Lik<£ " has been steadily attracting crowded houses t > tho Theatre Royal, and is now in its sixth week The admirable manner in which the play has been staged reflects the greatest credit upon the management, and as the sentiment of the story is thorough!}' in accord with the red-hot Imperial spirit of the times, the phenomenal buccsss of " The Lad.ier of Life " becomes intelligible. When the "Ladder" is withdrawn another patriotic drama, " On Active Service," will be staged by Mr. Wm. Anderson. The Tivoli Minstrels at the Bijou Theatre are doing remarkably well «vith their present pro gramme, which includes turns by the clever Hay tors, Charles Seel, the Sisters Williams, Miss Francie Adler and that extraordinary clever facial expressionist, Herr Ludwig Amann. The War Biograph at the Athen;tium is now in its last fortnight, and is crowded every afternoon and night. Money is turned away from the doors, and even the enthusiastic pressman like myself cannot get a glimpse of the screen if late. I don't think that the popularity of the Biograph needs further testimonial. Three more new films have been added during the week, the greatest interest atta :hing to that representing a train croBsiug the veldt with reinforcements for General duller at the front. The rescue of a man overboard during the naval manoeuvres on H.M.S. Rcpuhc is one of those realistic rescripts that are seldom secured. Admirably got up books nf biograph war photographs, which should serve ae a welcome souvenir of the BeaBon, are available at the afternoon and evening performances. The present Melbourne Beason terminates on Friday, 15th June, the exhibition opening in Adelaide on Monday, 18th June. The Saturday afternoon orchestral concerts of Herr Benno Scherek have now settled down into what mav be called a going concern for this winter, and good music is assured at the To ah Hall for that benighted minority that takes no interest in football, and does not want to back a horse for a race. The next orchestral concert will take place in the town Hail next Saturdjy afternoon. To-nkhit Mr. Donald Macdonald makes his appearance as a war lecturer on the platform of the Melbourne Town Hall. If Mr. Macdonald were making a first appearance in London or New York it would bB a graceful tribute on the part of the Press to give him a good lino and tell the public that he was the war correspondent of the Argvt; that be was shut up in Ladysmith during the siege ; that he was one of Melbourne's brilliai t writers and that he spoke as well as he wrote, but these facta are too well known in Melbourne to require recapitulation in a Melbourne paper. All that I need say is that the first lecture takes place to night, the second on Saturday and the third (and last in Melbourne) on Wednesday next. 