PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY AND FRIDAY MORNING. but we may do more ... . elvr it" TUESDAY, JANUARY 9, 1goo. ONE of the chief hopes indulged in with regard to Federat:i-n was that all the colonies would be unanimous in accepting it, hit this cihope unhappily has been strangled in its cradle. Western Australia will not now enter the Commonwealth as an original State. However, no State is compelled to federate any more than any man is compelled to marry, but still the colonies that have resolved to band themselves together will regret that the union will not be all-embracing. If, as we are told, sometimes in no uncertain tones, the Federal party are in a majority in Western Australia, and the Commonwealth Bill as approved by the Eastern colonies would be without doubt accepted, as it could be sub. mitted to the popular vote, isolation is not a result of choice but of compulsion, and an end to it must speedily come about. In the meantime, however, the Commonwealth Bill, in the language of the Hon. A. Deakin, will "live, and move, and have its being," but there will be 170,000 Australians outside its motherly embrace. These of them, and we are told they are in the majority, who woulo rather be in the inside have the sympathy of their more blessed Australian fellows, and the warmest wishes that success may attend their continued efforts. The Anti-federal party played their game with great patience and steadfastness. Douhtful of victory if the real will of the populace could be brought to bear on the sub ject, they used their advantage in Parliament and have secured a tem porary victory. In effect these West Australian Cave of Adullamites may be divided into two classes ; one is made up of settlers of the days before the glamour of gold fields enveloped Western Australia and made it an Eldorado of the South. Some of these would no doubt have not complained if Western Australia was even now a Crown Colony. Most of them appear to have been content with isolation. and more or less objected to the rush of population which set in as a result of the discovery of golden ore in the colony. The other class is composed of provincial Protectionists who are not asha.ned to show their alacrity to sacrifice a national cause in the assumed interests of their own moneybags. It is strange, indeed, how a certain fiscal faith both at the Australian Orient and Occident inspires so much of the inveterate aversion to the evolution of the Federal spirit. It is a matter for congratulation that the provincial Pro tectionist party were unable to defeat the cause of union in the Eastern colonies, or the "tight little island" which lies to the South of them. The Commonwealth is near despite their "squeak of treason," as Lord Salis bury terms certain wealk hostile screams in connection w'ith the Cape war. To such persons is no doubt partly attributable the failure to carry the Constitution in the mother colony on the occasion of the first referendum. Their one other, and much to be de plored triumph, is the delay they have brought about in the co operation and adhesion of Western Australia. But the Protectionist party there have raised a ghost, and cannot believe that it exists only in their own imagination. The federa;ists in Western Australia indulged in a hope once that the Gover nor would regard this as one of those peculiat cases in which he would be justified in insisting upon a dissolution, and looking for advisers who would accept the local responsibility for it. But, however, his Excellency thought otherwise, and perhaps he was right, for colonial governors had better err by excess of caution than of zeal, and to even appear to take sides in colonial politics is a mortal sin at Downing St., and perhaps rightly so. The federal party have, however, another card in the pack. A clause in the Constitution Act of 180o allows the Queen in Council to subdivide the colony. A decade ago It appeared to the Imperial authorities a ridiculous idea to hand over to forty or fifty thousand people the future control of so much territory. What was then only thought to be possible has come to pass. The population has been augmented nearly foutfold, and the new comers have in the main occupied districts which ten years ago were mere Sahlaras and "h sbitations for the owls and the ba's," or peopled in a very limited manner. The new population, however, cry out for the redress of grievances, and the greatest of these is that the mining population-the mainstay of the colony, are " put upon," and prevented from voting upon the Commonwealth Bill. Such a case it is held is exsctly what the Queen's reserved power was inten ded to meet. Thus it has been deter mined to ask Her Majesty to create a new colony which will also become a new State of the Federal Common wealth. Such a step would certainly " stir up the bile"of the Anti-federalists, and it may be taken for certain thlat they will oppose it to the bitter end. How the matter will end it is hard to say, but it is not improbable that a distinct split in the Western colony may take place, and that while one is an integral part of" Australia Federata" the other may remain a melancholy instance of parish vestry politics stunt ing the national growth of a community. 