COUNTRY NEWS. JiALLARAT. A. the assizes on Thursday, before Mr. Justice Hodges, James Alex. Bell, found cuilty of perjury, was sentenced to nine month'-- imprisonment; while a' sentence of 12 months' imprisonment was passed upon Arthur Heaney, convicted of stealing bat; ten- plates and amalgam from tbe mine oi the Red, White and Blue Company. An drew Hart, aged 73, who pleaded guilty to tlie manslaughter of Thomas Buckley, at Warracknabeal, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment. Michael O'Leary, charged with the manslaughter of James nl'Gwun at Dunnstown, Bungaree, and Aibert Coram, were charged with inflicting grievous bodily harm on William J. Sim mons, and were acquitted. Bridget Vaug- jian, domestic servant, charged with steal ing from the dwelling of her employer, J Irs. Moon, was also acquitted. Tiie court is now engaged in its maitrimonial and divorce jurisdiction. At the Ballarat East court on Thursday Henry Cartledge, aged 14, was fined £2, or in default 14 days' imprisonment, on a charge of using obscene language towards a contractor named George Nicholson, when the latter ordered hirii away from a building in danger of toppling over. A: the same court J. B. Johns, valuer for the town coun cil, of Ballarat East, was fined £2, or in de fault detention until the rising of the court. for carrying firearms within the .shire of Bungaree on a Sunday Defendant, who de cided to accept the alternative, told a very amusing story to the magistrates regarding his meeting after dark with a "ghost." with outspread arms, near the Eureka Hill, and he described in graphic language the manner in avhich lie smashed the gun in an endeavor to put the phantom to flwh't bv hitting at it with the butt end of tfire weapon. Air. George Herbert, R.A.M., has been appointed conductor of ithe Ballarat Lieder- tafci. in succession to Air. John Robson, re- signed. Air. Justice Had gas heard two petitions for divorce, in his matrimonial jurisdiction, at the Supreme Court on Thursday. Jane Weatherill petitioned for a dissolution of her mania "e with Richard Weatherill, on the ground of desertion in 1894. A decree nisi was granted. Jas. 9i4l petitioned for a divorce from Sarah Goddard on the ground of adultery. Jt was shown that the woman had been living openly with George Squires at Clunes, and a decree nisi avas granted! The court adjourned sine die. 