MAJOR BIRKENSHAW^ ADDRESS. I TO TBS EDITOR. Sir,-I on Sunday afternoon sent the fol- lowing letter to Major Birkenshaw, one of whose Salvation Army addresses on tho sub- ject of tho war you have reported :-" With you I am a Britisher; bat I think the less said about Major Baden-Powell the better, though I am as glad aa any one for the relief of Mafeking. Your address of this morning led ma to think of Powell. Was he ' every inch a man V Was hs acting nader . the Influence of Holy Ghost Power' when he instigated and planned the trap for tho blow- ing up by dynamite of hundreds of a brave foe? This statement has never been denied. My dear fiiend in Christ,-I have felt in- tensely disgraced ns an Englishman by the BritiBh- Boer war, which, thanks to Our Heavenly Father, we hop j ia fast drawing to a CIOEC. To my mind the men who have acted a disgraceful part arc the ministers of religion who (with some noble exceptions irr Kngland), not having the courage of a John Bright, a William Swart Gladstone, or a Charita Haddon Spurgeon (who would have raised their voices against, auch a precipitate or premature war), have not had the good sense to be silent. I lovo General Booth lor his works' Bike. I often wonder why he has not raised his voice against the 'var. With his Inlluense he could have created a healthy publie opinion, and stayed the jingo-patriotic spirit of England and Australasia, tíarely the time bas como when Christians should be ready to be shot rather than go forth to morder their fellow creatures. But-no more -receive these few hasty thoughts in a spirit ot love from yours sincerely,' CHARLES COOKSELL. P.S.-Good Stead, as you know, stood up well with the Army on ' Modern Babylon.' He h»a; ss nobly written against the Boer war ; and when the excite- ment is over in England a reaction in public opinion will soon arise.-O.C." I am, Sec, CHABXB3 OOÜNSBL.L. Slr Alfred Milner bas cabled to the Aus- tralian Governors stating that it is proposed to make a collection of arms, ic, taken ia the present war, and dispatch such colltctieus aa trophies to the various colonies sending troops to South Africa. The High Commis- sioner states he will be glad to hear whether the Governments agree with the proposal. The Sew Sooth Wales casualties in the war have been to date: Killedia action, 9; deaths from'disease,-^ ; wounded, 61 : captured and Blissing, 26: total, lit. 