NO SHAMBLES FOR RICH- MOND. [The following article is written by Paul Twvt'ord, and although we publish same, we wish it to be understood that we do not necessary identify om selves with the views contained therein.-Ed. H.A.! (Continued.) There is really no accounting for tastes. What sickens ono man fattens another. Thus, one likes his water with a body in it; another don't like even the sign of a hair, or the slightest filament of wool ; one prefers a running stream, an- other a stagnant pool, upon which float a good fat scum-just as most Windsor and Bichmond horses used to prefer drinking the thick, yellow soup from that shallow hole by the road sido on the Common to the crystal stream provided at the horse troughs, either in town or at Clarendon. However, one of the essentials to good health is cleanliness-it is, in fact. a. sine quo »wm, either externally or internally ; \ and T entertain the old-fashioned i idea, that where there is smoke there j is fire, and ergo, where there's a I stink there must be something rot- ten or corrupt to cause it. Of course it rests with the good people of Bichmond-not with the nine men who comprise the muni- cipal council. If, however, these gentlemen voice the ratepayers opinion then all that? old-time resi- dents, having an eyofor the beauti- ful, and for the fitness of thiags, may say will avail nothing. Yet it is my liking for Bichmond that prompts me to express an opinion on this much- mixed question. Bich mond is too good to be thus sacri- ficed ; it is too near Sydney, and the main idea seems to be not the suitability of the locality but what can be made out of it. Liverpool, for that matter, is far better situ- ated for the location of abattoirs than Richmond ; but similar ob- jections hold against them being . there. This is a big country, and surely there is room enough for ab- attoirs and other noxious callings between Emu Plains and Bathurst, without inflicting' them upon the people of Cumberland towns and villages. We have a belt of forty or Etty miles of cduntry, embracing mountain and golly and vast areas of worthless bush. Most of our meat supply comes from the in- terior ) and we have a State rail- way running through this belt of country, almost to the furthest Í)oint inland. Why then, not ocate the public abattoirs there, together with other industries which may be prejudicial to health? How easy to rua a branch, line or tramway to any selected spot ; iura cheaply the industries could be run, seeing the wood and coal supply as well as timber and stone foi building. And ; as for water, il could be conserved at almost aaj point, gullies and ravines abound, and these could be availed of, eithei to impound water or to receive thc offal, which might then be chemi- cally treated for use on our westers wheatlands. Such offal is a nuis- ance ia or near Sydney, and soon would be at Castlereagh ; whereas, it would Boon be availed of by oui western farmers. Then the tem- perature of the hills is more suit- able than that of the lowlands, aud in the heat of summer this is ini gortant. If, now, the Colo Valley ne was un fait accompli, running as it would from Bichmond to Ryl- stone, through the roughest coun- try imaginable, the matter could soon be set at rest, for an absolutely uninhabited country would be available, the line would be directly in touch with our north-western cattle stations and Mudgee sheep farms ; and if a large settlement of employees took place-which thero would be-there would be an out- let for Eichmond grown maize and hay, pumpkins, potatoes, and vegetables generally, and for Kurrajong citrus and stone fruit. Bet- ter, I think, than that kind of prosperity which would involve the ruin of Bichmond as a residential locality, prove a source of danger to its people, and most decidedly keep intending visitors at a dis- tance. Let us compare Riverstone with Richmond. We know that the former is a pushing, go-a-head place, but who would compare it to Richmond for beauty-for a home ? Some may say : " Well, the meat workB there has not killed all the people ; and only for the butchers and their good pay Riverstone would not exist," Very true, but the stink is there all the same ; and if right had been done the works there would have been removed from their close proximity to the railway long ago. Do not let it be said that our sordid desires pre- ponderate over every other senti- ment. And, however desirous we may be of ''getting on," let it not be at the sacrifice of health, of beauty, of refinement. " To the pure all things are pure," true enough *, but a huge slaughter« ing establishment close to Bichmond would not contribute to its physical charms ; nor could the arcadian in- nocence depicted in Goldsmith's 1 poem obtain, with a large popula- tion of butchers, located within a mile or two of Richmond town, in whose praise Wentworth sang and Woods wrote. The former in this wise: «« Young Windsors towers, And Richmond's high green nilla and j native bowers ; I Thence fat along Nepean's pebbled way, To those green pastures where the wild herds stray The crowded farm-house lines the stream On either side, and many a plodding team, With shining ploughshare turns the neighboring soil, Whick crowns with double crop the labourer's soil. 7e Gods, just imagine the " green hills " converted into public sham- bles. And should the shade of good old William Woolla re visit Richmond, after the establishment of the much-desired " magnificent industry," he would draw his pen through the lines he wrote in 1886 : -"The neighbourhood of Rich- mond is decidedly healthy, having, in proportion to the population, a greater number of old people than in any part of the colony," for they would no longer be true. Better, ten- thousand times, a Federal capital than an industry, which from its very nature is re- pulsive and unsavory. The capi- tal would bring grist to the mill without impairing the health or beauty of the district. If Alderman Kelly desires to promote local in- dustries, let him take the initiative m preserving and canning local fruits, instead of seeing them go to waste; this, and larger areas put under cultivation in vegetables for thé metropolitan market, should make Richmond hum again. One doctor has spoken, let us fetch up the ghosts of others. Arise, then, ye good men of the past-Jockel, Brown, Prothero, Guyenot, and denounce these would-be spoilers of old Bichmond town. Come up, old man, Hugnes, of pestai and mortar fame, and damn their dirty tricks! Appear, ye pedagogues Pitt and Allen and Flannery, and lay it on thick-good, hard whacks over their posterior parts ! Stand forth, 0, Ghost of ANDBEWB, the big and generous, and tell these renegades what you think of their stinking proposal! Fancy the equine of Hobartville entertaining Rosebery and Carrington in a stink infected town! Faucy, the old Black Horse, dingy and doon from the traffic of slaughtermen, provid- ing accommodation for newly married couples! Nice place to spend a honeymoon, with the aroma of blood and offal in the breakfast cup ! Anathematize the detestible scheme, 0, ye living and dead, and preserve from this dire infliction Cumberland's loveliest village. P. T. 