THE HERALD. ADELAIDE: OCIOBER 6. 1900. AN OUTRAGEOUS INSULT. FROM THE "REGISTER." We hope that the pubHc of South Australia who at present have no vote for the Legis lative Council, will note that the Register practically refers to them as SPONGERS AT PUBLICHOUSE BARS AND LOAFERS AT STREET CORNER'S, and to their wives as SHAMELESS INTOXICATED AND PERNICIOUS DRABS AND WANTONS ON THE STREETS. The plutocratic " Register" sadly needed some one to go to its rescue. Carried away by its to the rescue hysterical opposition of the to Council reform, it "register." penned a deliberate and dastardly insult to those who have not the franchise for the Legislative Council, and which when it came out in cold print pro bably caused the boss plutocrat to be heartily ashamed. So abominable was the insult that we considered it our duty to give it through our circulation that publicity which it would not otherwise have received. We con sidered it our duty to expose the in decent audacity of the plutocratic organ by publishing the gist of the offensive matter in large type. This we still continue to do. Our action has perturbed " Granny " dreadfully, and so it ought. The second insertion by us brought a much needed friend to the rescue—" A Loco. Man," Islington. This mysterious corres pondent defends " Granny," and his effusion is placed in the most promi nent position in the paper. We have grave doubts about the genuineness of the said effusion. It is just such a one as might be manufactured on the spot. It has a remarkable Grenfell Street flavor about it. In particular its assumption of " Register" supe riority and the inferiority of all others in the accustomed National Ass. gibberish. The indications of " fake " are so unmistakable as to startle even the unsuspicious. " However, we will give " Granny" the benefit of the doubt, for the time being at least, and assume that the letter was really written by an " Islington Loco. Man." If "A Loco. Man," Islington, really exists in the flesh he is a curiosity. Likewise a monstro a curiosity, sitv. He says : "Like a lot of fellow-workers who have grown tired of turning the grindstone for the tongue-wagging crew in politics to sharpen their axes upon, I have been a diligent reader of the 'Register' for a good while now." Lovely! No writer in a back "Register" office could express a more beautiful sentiment than this. "Your paper is the only really fearless and independent journal that comes into my hands." Delightful. Why, her dependence on Defence League sup port is daily editorially exhibited. And how skilfully tautology is avoided by the use of the word " journal " ! Again — " The para graph was printed in black type in the Socialist paper." A bit of a specialist in type apparently, and as expert as the boss plutocrat of the "Register" in the use of the word " Socialist." " It is a slander on the ' Register.'" Of course ! Any "Register" employe would say the same thing. '' We know our true friends at last, and on behalf of many of my mates I tell you this, that we swear by the * Register."' " Swear by the ' Register,'" forsooth ! She is much more entitled to be sworn at. "Be cause we have never known it to make a false statement." If this were written by a "Register" man it ought to be worth a rise of £100 a year in his screw. If the statement that "Granny" has never made a false statement is true she ought not to publish another issue for fear of spoiling such a reputation ! Why, her parsimony as to facts is proverbial. " I did not always think it, but I know by experience that the 'Register' is the best friend the working classes ever had." This ought to be worth a rise of £200 a year! But that would be " greasing the fat hog." This "best friend of the working classes" told the workers a few days ago that she did not approve of them "wallow ing in the luxury of a minimum wage." If there's to be any " wallowing" in luxury, Granny wants to do the "wallowing" herself. Seriously, who ever the writer of the letter is, he has a genius for fiction. If he is a "Loco. Man at Islington," he ought to throw down his file and pick up the pen ! If he is a "Register" man, he ought to shake the dust of the Grenfell Street office off his number fives and follow Guy Boothby to London ! We have due respect for the aged and the venerable, and it grieves us greatly to see " Granny" so "granny's" feeble. Her defence feebleness, following the remark able letter by "A Loco. Man " is flabby in the extreme. " It is hardly necessary for us to say that there is not the slightest justification in truth for the statement made in the Socialist paper." This is mere asser tion, worth about a penny for a thou sand columns for wrapping up sausages. Why not have given the exact words, " Granny," and let the public judge for themselves? You dare not. You have not the courage. You are ashamed of what you wrote. And so you ought to be. She continues :—" The article apparently in question drew a clear distinction between special votes for the propertied chamber and votes on the manhood and womanhood basis." What has this got to do with it ? It referred to the voters for the Legislative Council as "the" liard-working, honest, public-spirited, thrifty men and women of South Australia. The only inference is that those who have not the franchise are not hard-working, honest, public spirited, and thrifty; and in addition to this gratuitous insult it applied the offensive epithets which we have called special attention to. It was a heartless and cruel thing to write, and only shows with what savageness and maliciousness the plutocratic faction regard the slip ping away from them of the power they have hitherto exercised. In party politics " Granny " is becoming a hor ribly yellow journal J We grieve for her ! We mourn for her ! The " Critic " is an Ass. It brays in the same monotonous pump-squealing, ear-twisting, irritating an illustrated fashion that its fore " ass." fathers of a thousand years ago did. If it can't be sensible, can it not try to be original ? It might then be interesting and even amusing. Last week it resurrected the hoary old gag about the domination of the Trades Hall. It said "Mr. Kingston does not pro pose to stop at Household Suffrage. He states plainly in his manifesto that his ultimate goal is adult suffrage pure and simple. What does that mean ? Absolute domination by the Trades Hall, which sends men into parlia ment to vote not according to their consciences but in conformity to the Party ticket. The Party practically controls the Assembly now and if adult suffrage is obtained it will control the Council." Would it were true that the Labor Party practically controlled the Assembly.. It would make things hum. If it controlled the Council as well it would make things hum still more. It would obliterate some of the blots that soil the escutcheon of this yotmg and favored land. As to the block vote, the members of the Labor Party were elected for the purpose of voting solidly on important ques tions, and they do what they pro fess. The Conservatives in the Council on the other hand do exactly the opposite. They profess to be inde pendent and individualistic, but so communistic are they in their voting— socialistic is too mild a word altogether —that we would not be surprised to hear that they slept in the same bed. As to the control of the Legislature, the Labor Party only want that con trol which is justified by the strength of the electors they represent, Adult Suffrage or no Adult Suffrage, and when they do obtain the controlling power they will use it in the interests of all classes of the'community. They would not perpetrate the scandal which the Conservative block vote in the Upper House is now sustaining in defying the expressed will of the people in the supposed interests of a small section of the community. * John James McCann is now a prisoner in the gaol at St. Louis, Missouri, United States. He a martyr is a well-known pub to principle, lie man, 52 years of age, and his offence is the refnsal to pay a licence-fee to earry on his business as a real estate agent. He has gone to gaol as a pro test against the system of exempting landlordism and other forms of monopoly from taxation whilst im posing licence taxes on competitive vocations. Three years ago Mr. McCann noticed that the owners of street franchises and of valuable real estate sites very largely escaped taxa tion, and he took steps to bring about an alteration. He made representa tions to the proper authorities, and through his efforts the public revenue was augmented by thousands of dollars. But he was only partially successful. Needless to say, the wealthy cor porations opposed him bitterly. Nevertheless he continued his crusade, and went so far as to announce through the press that he would thereafter refuse to pay the licence tax on his business unless the lawful taxes on franchises were levied. He took the position that a tax on business was a violation of a man's natural right to work. When con victed he appealed to the Supreme Court of the State. He relied not only upon the general principle that the right to work is a sacred right with which even the taxing power can not interfere with so long as monopoly valuables were available for taxation, but also upon a specific provision in the Missouri Constitution, which says: —"All persons have a natural right to life, liberty, and the enjoyment of the gains of their industry." The Supreme Court decided that the right of an individual to the gains of his own in dustry was not an absolute right, but was subordinate to the police power of the State. Hence Mr. McCann had to go to gaol. It is considered possible that this act of self-sacrifice, which has caused a great sensation, will have far-reaching consequences in calling public attention to the scan dalous condition of the taxation ques tion. It was just such" an act as this on the part of John Hampden that ■aroused England and brought about such tremendous changes in the seven teenth century. May this be the spark that will set the United States ■ablaze and burn up the dross of their political system. "What a lesson to us is the action of this man. How many of us would sacrifice the comforts a lesson. of a luxurious home at 52, or at any age, . ■and submit to the indignities and hardships of prison life for six months for the sake of a political principle ? It is too much for some of us to sacri fice an evening at the fireside in order to attend an important trades union •or political meeting ; it is too great a •call upon the convenience of some of us to walk half a mile to the polling booth, we must have a cab provided for us or we'll be blowed if we go ; it is too much trouble for some of us to go to the post office and see that our name or that of our neighbor is on the electoral roll; it would be too great a sacrifice to some of us to give up a race meeting in order to lend a hand at the polling-booth - it would be worse than being skinned alive for some of us to run the risk of losing a job rather than consent to accept a reduction of wages and be loyal to our fellows. If we workers of South Australia had one-tenth the grit of John Hampden or John James McCann we would obtain all the poli tical blessings we desire in very quick time and at very small sacrifice. Nary a body need go to gaol nor a soul go to hell in consequence. Happily taxation administration in this colony has not the taint of corruption that it has in the United States, though even here wealthy corporations and large landholders manage to escape their fair share of taxation. But there are other reforms equally desirable. Workers, let the ghost of Hampden and the astral body of McCann shake up your dry bones a bit. The Tramway Question.—On Sunday evening the platform of the Democratic •Club will be occupied by Mr. C. Proud, who will lecture on that all-absorbing topic just now, "The Electric Tramway "Question." In this connection we would refer our readers to an article in another •column dealing with the question, and more particularly with the City Corpora tion in its relation to what is now known ■as Snow's Bill. As this Bill will be dealt with by the Upper House during the coming week, no doubt there will be a large audience at the club to-morrow evening to hear what Mr. Proud, one of the champions of nationalization, has to say on the matter. AiiDERMANic.—Mr. Councillor Downs has notified his intention of standing for the position of alderman at the forth coming city municipal elections. Mr. Downs has represented Robe Ward in the Oity Council for many years, and the ratepayers have shown their appreciation •of his services by returning him un opposed for the past three terms—a com pliment the councillor speaks of with pride. Trades Unions.—From the report of the Registrar of Trades Unions, for the year ending May 31, 1900, we learn that " Two new trade unions have been registered, viz., the Felt Hatters' Associa tion of South Australia and the Moonta Miners' Trades and Labor Association and "Consolidated Accident Fund. Five registered trade unions have furnished returns pursuant to section 17 of the Act. Two registered trade unions have regis tered alterations in their rules. The total number of trade unions registered under the Act up to May 31, 1900, is forty-two." The societies who furnished returns were :—Port Adelaide Working Men's Association, which was registered on October 23, 1877, and on April 10, 1899, had a membership of 676, with ac cumulated funds to the extent of £5,321 4s. 10d., and an annual income of £989 13s. 6d. The Typographical Society on December 31, 1899, had a membership of 271, with an income of £262 lis. 2d., and fands to the extent of £942 9s. 4d. Operative Journeymen Bakers' Society on May 19, 1900, stated its income to be £88 Is. 10d., and its funds £265 7s. 2d. The Felt Hatters' Association on March 9, 1900, had an income of £23 8s., and accumulated funds of £54 0s. 9d. On November 30, 1899, the Moonta Miners' Trades and Labor Association reported an income of £475 14s., and funds to the extent of £445 5s. 8d. From so few unions supplying the necessary particulars to the Registrar a very limited idea is given of the strength of unionism in this colony. Many bodies of united labor are not registered at all, and some whose names appear in the return have ceased to exist. Toby Dodgery. — There is now a majority in the Assembly willing and anxious to pass a Steam Boilers Bill. It was on the notice-paper for Wednesday afternoon, and would probably have passed the second reading, but after Darling and Copley had put their heads together the latter got up and talked a lot of useless drivel for the purpose of killing time, thus preventing the Bill from being discussed. Municipal Baths. — The foundation stone of the Broken Hill Municipal Baths will be laid on Monday by the Hon. G. McGregor, M.L.C., at the invitation of Labor Mayor Wright. The baths are being constructed by day labor, and when completed will be a great acquisition to the town and a permanent testimony to the value of Labor representation in that corporation. Hot and cold baths will be provided, and the large swimming pool will measure 30 feet by 90 feet. Since the advent of the Labor men ^ many improvements have been made in the administration and conduct of the business of the council, and now the municipality not only owns but also makes its own drays, and as it has some 22 horses always in use no doubt a municipal harness works will soon be inaugurated. A minimum wage of 8s. 4d. is paid, old men receive 3s. per yard for stonebreaking, and mechanics are paid in all cases the recog nised Union rate of wage. Under the practical supervision of the Labor repre sentatives a better method of removing mght-soil has been put into operation, and the Mayor is about to institute a trial of an exhauster for the removal of slop water on the vacuum principle. At the instigation of the corporation the Govern ment next week will make a start with the steam trams for the town, with penny sections as in Sydney. On Thursday last Broken Hill celebrated its Eight Hours Day, and there was a large attendance, Mr. H. J. Pudney, J.P., representing the Adelaide Eight Hours Celebration Union. Labor Bureau.—From the return of the Government Labor Bureau for Sep tember, we learn that during the month just expired a total of 711 persons applied for work, 287 were found employment, and 424 were left on the books at the close of the month as unemployed. At the head office in Adelaide 316 re-registered during September and 95 fresh applica tions for work were made, giving a total of 411 persons applying for work for the month at Adelaide. At the country agencies of the Bureau 147 men re registered and 153 new applicants recorded their names, giving a total for the country agencies for the month of 300. We under stand that it is the intention of the Bureau, now that the fine weather has set in, to send more men to Barossa and Bundaleer. It is about time something was done to swallow up the "balance of unemployed " that is left every month—the Government has swallowed some " balances" with very little exertion. On Tuesday last a notice was posted at the Bureau calling for 10 men for the Hundred of Ash, on the west side of the gulf, and 64 men at once offered for the work. This proves that the men are willing, and although they have not the vote for the Legislative Council, they are not "loafers at the street corners," as insultingly termed by the plutocratic Register. Returned soldiers applying for work, all things being equal, will be given the preference for certain classes of employment. No more men will be sent from Adelaide to Hawker for the present. 