ABOUT TOWN AND ELSEWHERE. A perfect judge will read each work of wit, With the same Bpirit that its author writ. The recently passed Act for the suppression of a certain claps of ' literature' has already had beneficial effect.. In one case that I know of thera lies in a printer's storeroom nearlv a quarter of a million sheets of one of the vilest and filthiest pamphlets it is possible for a debased mind to conceive. These will prob ably be cremated, and it is a pity the firm of printers whose compositors were employed setting the type can not be cremated with the pamphlet?. These were but a reprint of a sheet which has been circulated about Sydney and the country for yeare, distributed wide-cast to all c-asscs of the community, and thrown in thousands into railway carriages, upon the seats of excursion and ferry steamers, and elsewhere, not only amongst men, but where the youth of both sexes congregate. It is impossible to calculate the ruin, moral and physical, that has been the direct result of the circulation of this filth, written, as the vilest of the kind generally is — as was Town Talhy the once notorious but short lived London rag, and as at least two- current Australian papers are written to-day — on the pretence of holding vice up to abhorrence, yet revelling in its worst form, the proprietors growing rich in their vile hypocrisy, and on the debnuchment of the innocent. It was time the law of this colony was brought into line with that of the rest of the British Empire, and with that of the majority of countries in the civilised world, and the writers, publishers and printers of such poisonous matter made legally — as thoy have always been morally — criminals of the lowest type. Person ally, not from the point of view of the pulpit, but from that of the man of the world, who knows that vice is a necessary evil, and that so long as human nature has being vice will exist — but who none the le3S would stop it from contaminating virtue — I trust the law will be enforced boldly, sans fear or favor, in spirit and in letter, and that the police — with a greater power behind them — ?will instantly take action against the men — if such there be — who, under the lying hypocritical pretence of con demning, drag the lowest vice into the light of day, and send its vile details broadcast throughout the land, into the homes of the people, to poison, corrupt and kill the virtue of their children. But there are other evils rampant in our midst — evils which, from time immemorial, have been illegal, which the police occasionally take a hand against, but which are to-day every where visible — in the main street and in the side street, in the city and in the suburbs. Needless to say I refer to the fortune-tellers, astrologers, clairvoyants, palmists, and other such like charlatans with whom Sydney is overrun, who thrive upon the cupidity of hysterical women and idiotic, superstitious, illiterate, or mentally defective men. I have no intention of declaring everyone of these a con scious and deliberate rogue, There may be a possibility of defining character by the palm of tljn Jjaiid, (or even for all I know by the shape of the big toe nail) and if anyone chose to confine him or herself to the scientific — for argument's sake ad mitting an otherwise preposterous term — declaration of the character of a client, though I might laugh nt the idea, I would make no objection. But the man who did this would not earn bread and cheese. The people don't throw hard cash away to be told their character ; they visit Madame or Professor Humbugio with the in tention of having their ' fortunes told.' They believe this is what is meant, and they pay their money accordingly. If, therefore, the palmist did not make some pretence of so doing, either by direct statement or by insinuation, he might quickly shut up shop. I am not going to advertise any special member of the tribe by stating where his shop is, but in one street in the city there are four next door to each other, in a neighborhood that is the most notorious in Sydney for the class of houses it consists of. so that a man would have ? to be blind and deaf not to know the in fividuals who mainly support these people. To suppose that they pay money to have their ' character ' told is im possible ; a policeman would do it for nothing at sight An intercolonial contemporary recently gave an illus tration of how the business is carried on in many places : 1 The other night a girl (say A) was closeted with a ' palmist'— say B. B. told A. some very nice things of herself — and charged her half-a-crown. Then he told her that if she would come and see him on the following Tuesday, night he would communicate other news of the' very gravest import to her — at the price of ten shillings. The girl demurred : said she could not come. Fur a space the 1 palmist ' wheedled, the girl still demurring. Then our charlatan took a different turn. ' You must come ! ' he said ; ' yon will come ! You will have a curious dream, and that will show you that you must come.' At this the girl got a little scared', and said she must go away — her sister was awaiting her below.- ' Ah,' said the rogue, ' I did not know ; I must see her. I have something very important to tell her.' He saw the sister ; what he told her doesn't matter — the price was half-a-crown. ? Here ^ it will be seen that the scamp swindled two girls, by an easy and comfortable method, out of money they could not afford to waste. But apart from that, note the business about ' next Tuesday night ' — see how devilishly cunning it was ! Here is a superstitious girl, hysteri cally prone to believe anything, and yet constitutionally much averse to wasting ten shillings. The rogue knows his victim, and finding per suasion vain or tedious, resorts to a form of hypnotic suggestion. First of all, he practically commands the girl to come. He knows enough to know that that order, with the in tervening days to ripen it, will almost certainly be obeyed. But to make all sure, he clinches it — brings in the easy ' business ' of the curious dream. When an unscrupulous man, with some knowledge of his victim and some considerable hold on her grosser superstitions, seeks to make that victim dream in a lurid manner, it is really a surprisingly easy task he sets himself.' This sort of thing is widespead in our city to-day ; the people who practice it are nearly all rogues and vagabonds, and if there is a decent man or woman now really trying to earn a living by following such a vocation, by merely ivnding characters by the palm of the hand, I say that, while honest in intention, he is in reality obtaining money from people, the great majority of whom hand it over in the expectation and bilief that he or she is as the common herd — a fortune-teller. The colony is full of silly youths of both sexes, but, perhaps, especially of females, who — brought up in undesirable en vironments — become a constant prey to gross superstition and to the wile.^ of the cunning, lazy, loafing charla tan. The law is made to protect t' e former, and to prevent the existence of the latter ; and the sooner the police take strong action and the magistrates give a few doses of hard labor without the option of a fine to these ([ use the words of the British Act) « rogues and vagabonds ' the better. Meantime, let the 'scientist,' if such there be, if he have any self respect, follow his own ideas — as a true student and enthusiast does in all branches of science — for the love of his theory, pure and simple ; let him not contaminate himself with pitch, but earn his living at a pro fession that is beyond suspicion, or go back to an honest trade. Let him at any rate abandon, as a money making game, a ' science ' the vast majority of followers of which are of the lowest class of human parasites. If a man plays with mud he will dirty himself. But about town there are still other swindles going on — in broad daylight, and under the glare of the naphtha lamp, whilst the noble police man tramps slowly, unnoticingly by. Take George - street on Saturday night: Yankee sweat ad lib , and other games of the class, run by men who exist on the pennies cajoled out of the pockets of youngsters. These are bad enough, but at the corner of Wilmot and George streets for months past every Saturday night there has stood, and still stands, a man with a basket of ' lucky packets,' sold at 3d each. In less than a quarter of an hour on Saturday night last one youngster, about 13 years of age, gave this swindling cur 3s 9d for 15 bits of empty cardboard, going away almost crying that he had spent his father's money and got nothing, while ' the other fellow had ' got 24.s in the same time!' The poor kiddie knew nothing of ( but toncrs' (though the satve identical men are on the job every time), and he could not see that it is easy enough to apparently take money out of a packet, opened by a hanil tlio Wort', ffnrrbgton A Gn., Ltd, ON THIi RIVKR SKVKRN, DUNDEH, N.S.W. OVHR I fihtk f/tirriiiylnn iti f'n., Lltl Kx|-fJMli'r\ i mon see1,. palm of which already holds the cash. Thus this spieler takes as many threepenny bits — 1 have stood and watched him — in an hour as any worker will earn in half a week, and the game still goes merrily on ! If this note about town, however, does not send the spieler and his ' but toners ' to gaol, or, at least, stop his swindle, I'll endeavour to find out the reason why. These notes are not merely written to amuse, they have a higher purpose than that — a purpose I will do my level best to legitimately fulfil. It was recently announced that the Premier had received a certificate to the effect that ' the Sloper award of merit has been granted to the Hon. W. J. Lyne, because he helped the mother country.' This is the jocular token of appreciation issued by 'Ally Sloper,' and on the authority of that mythical personage it is set forth that whoever is thus favored may affix to his name the mystic letters F.O.S., which, being trans- lated, means ' Friend of Sloper.' Whether Sir William will have the certificate elaborately framed and dis- played upon the walls of his drawing room, or consign it to the w.p.b., I do not know ; but when I read the above announcement of the latest dodge of the champion firm of rag boomers, my thoughts went travelling back to the days of the original Sloper — the man who, one or the brightest geniuses of the London press, was his own bitter enemy, and after mak- ing big fortunes for others, sank, neglected and forgotten, into poverty and distress. He is probably dead ere now, but of that I have no certain knowledge. It was early in the '70's when Charles H. Ross—the best of good fellows, the softest hearted, the truest man to others of all Fleet street habitues—was editing Judy , that he introduced from its pages Ally Sloper to the British public And then it was that paper boomed as never similar paper boomed before. Months—years— passed, and Ally got friskier every day. His family grew and Charles Ross was at the height of journalistic success and public popularity. Then came Sloper's Annual , and with it the crowning prosperity which sent Sloper's inventor down hill. Finally, about 12 or 14 years after the birth of Sloper, Ross lost his position on Judy, and—well, the old story ! But the proprietors of a rival journal (Dalziel Brothers), saw their chance ; they collared the man for the name he had given a world-wide fame to, and Ally Sloper's Half-Holiday was the result. But Ross had very little to do with it, and, compared to the real thing, it was dull, insipid, vulgar and idiotic. But, like a notorious local rag, it scored, because of its peculiarity, and the circulation reached an enormous figure—greatly assisted by the puffing certificates, a sample of which the Premier of N.S.W. has just received. Ross was soon fired from his dummy position —he had served his backers' purpose, and, like an old race horse, was handed over to the knackers. But friends stepped in, and for a brief period he had another shot, bringing out a rival to Sloper. But ' life' and drink had done their work, and helpless and weary the once powerful brain passed out of the public view, and almost out of memory. If we could only realise what Drink's victory meant ! If I dared raise, even in my own mind, leave alone on paper, the ghost of the dead past, the forms and faces of the men whom I have known and loved, who, mighty in their intellectual power, full of fellowship and goodwill to all, no man's em-my but their own — not in my own profession alone, but in all th'Se of a kindred nature, especially of those summed up more or less in the word 'Bohemian,' — their triumphs, their gradual sliding do mi, their final fall, and utter obliteration — slain by alcohol, the devil's nil conquering general — methinks I could paint a picture that would make every glass appuar nothing but what it really is — a damnable, hideous imp from the v ry depths of hell itself, grinning at us gloatingly in the horrible magnet ism of its seductive power ! And yet — God help us ! — how we love our enemies ! The CaulHeld Cup is upon us, and the Melbourne one draweth nigh. Ihirrh, ,('? Co., Ltd. ON TUB RIVER MKRSHY, TASMANIA. Federation, Hopetoun Avenue, Federal Capita], Breelong Blacks, and all else will soon be forgotten in the one eager national question; 'What's going to win the Cup ? ' Hanged if I know ; though, bar accidents I am game to lay any odds asked that the horse first past the post will be the animal. Still the question brings to mind an incident that I have told once before, but only to a very limited circle ; and it may be thought apropos}1 to the present IN MID AIR. Bio ?, // I'-riii'/inn if: Co., Ltd, ? ? Exposure, i-iooo socs, happy 'and expectant season. Jack and Ted were old chums, but Jack got married, and the club knew him no more. Ted was a ' sport,' but Jack eschewed the 'osses. Five years ago, or, to be exact, two days after Waterfall's sensational win of the Caulfield Cup, they met in Collins- -treet. Ted had gone down badly, but Jack gloatingly related how he had won £800. 'Why,' said his amazed friend, ' I thought you didn't bet I ' ' Well, you know, the wife's brothers go in for racing, and she learnt a lot from them before she was married. About a week be fo e the Cup she woke me up in the middle of the night, excitedly saying she had dreamt Waterfall had won the Cup. I told her to go to sleep, and not be a thundering idiot. But the next night she went through the same performance, and on the third repeated it, ao I thought it good enough to speculate a tenner, and got home at 30 to 1 .' Teddie naturally congratulated his old friend, and the next morning .Jack received the following letter: — ' Dear Old Man, — I went down heavily at Caulfield, and I should like to get square on a dead cert for the M«db. Cup. Think as I like, I see only one way to ensure this, and i hat is by your help. I scarcely like to ask you ; still, we are old chums, and — well, look here, old man, you might lend me your wife for a few days, and oblige, Yours to the proverbial cinder, Teddie.' And then — ? the sun set, and all the land was dark.' That s a true yarn, every solitary word of it. and as at. piesent I m in a similar position to Tiddie, I'm open to a reasonable offer. Any good Linking younir lady, therefore, not under 17, and not exceeding 85. in the habit - f dreaming about.' races, and spotting the winners in once, may send on confidentially any prac tical suggestion on the subject of forthcoming meetings to BOHEMIAN. 