KAISER ■ WILLIAM. . PREACHES A SERMON INTERESTING DELIVERANCE BY TUB ROYAL TEACHER. . ITS BULL TEXT. in tne “London Dally News” of the 14th cf August Is given the full text of the sermon preached a few days previously l)y tho Kaiser Wilhelm, of Germany, on hoard his yacht, the Holienzollern, as pub lished in the "Kreuzzeltung." His Majesty said:— “Seventh Sunday after Trinity. The Grace of Our Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the fellowship of tho Holy Ghost, be with us all evermore. Amen. Text. 17th chapter of Exodus and the 11th verse: ‘And it came to pass, when Moses hold up his hand, that Israel pre vailed, and when he let down his hand Amalek prevailed.’ Amen. It la a most Impressive picture that our text to-day brings before our souls. Israel wandera through the desert from the Itod Sea to Mount Sinai. But suddenly the heathen Amaleltlies stop them, and want to pre vent their advance, and a battle ensuea. Joshua leads the young men of Israel to tho fight, the swords clash together, arid a hot und bloody struggle begins In the valley of Rephldcm. But, see! whilst tile light is going on, the plow men of God— Moses, Aaron, and Hur—go to the top of the hill. They lift up their hands to Heaven; they pray. Down in the valley the fighting.hoots—a! the tr.p of the moun tain the praying men. Trills Is the holy battle-picture of our text. Who does not understand io-day w'nnt I: tells us? Again a heathenish Anialeklte spirit has stirred In distant Asia with great power and much cunning. I!y burning and murder It Is sought to prevent the entrance of European trade and European genius, the trlmuphnl march of Christian morals and Christian faith. And again the command of God has been Issued. ‘Choose us out men, and go out, fight with Anialek.' A hot and bloody struggle has begun.. Many of our broUiera stand already yonder un der fire, many are on their way to the enemy's coasts, and you have Been them, the thousands who at the call, ‘Volunteers to the fore! Who will he the guardian of the Empire?’ now assemble, to enter the fight with flying colors. But you. who remain behind at home, who are hound by other sacred duties, say, do you not hear God's call, which he makes to you and which sriys to you, ‘‘Go up on ■the mountains, raise up thy hands to the heavens.' The prayer of the just can do much, If It In in earnest. "Thus let it be. Yonder, far away, the hosts of fighters; here at home the hosts of praying men. May this be the holy battle-picture also of our days. May tills peaceful morning hour remind us — may It remind us of the sacred duty of in tercession, of the sacred power of inter cession. The sacred duty of Intercession. Certainly It is an enthusiastic moment ‘ -when a ship with the young men on board weighs anchor. Did you not see the war riors’ eyes flush? Did you not hear their many-voiced hurrahs? But when the native shores vanish, .when one enters tho glowing heat of the Red Sea or the heavy ■waters of the ocean, how easily brightness and enthusiasm grow weary! Certainly It ig a sublime moment when, after a Ions voyage In the distance, the straight lines ■of the German forts can he seen, and the black, white and red flags of the German colony become visible, and comrades in arms stand on the shore waiting to give a henrty reception. But tile long marches In ■ a. burning sun,tlielengnlghtsof blvouacin the rain!1 How easily gaiety and strength ’vanish. Certainly it Is a longed- fos moment when at last the drums heat to the charge, and the bugles are blown to advance, when a command is given, ‘For ward at the enemy!’ But then, when amid the roar of the guns and the flashing oi the shells comrades fall to the right and left, and hostile batteries still refuse to yield—how easily the bravest heart then begins to tremble! •‘Christians, In order that our brothers over yonder- may remain gay even in the greatest distress, faithful In tho most painful duty, courageous in the greatest danger, they want something more than ammunition and sharp weapons, j more also than youthful courage and fiery en thusiasm. They want a blessing from above, vital power from above, otherwise they cannot win and remain victorious. ■ And the heavenly world only opens to ■prayer. Prayer is the golden key to the treasury of God. But he who has It hat also the promise that to him who ask; shall be given. Or shall we remain Idle? Woe to us If we are Idle whilst they are carrying on a hard and bloody piece ol work,woe to us if we only look on cur(ous. ly at the great sight whilst they wrestle in a fierce death struggle. This would be Cain’s spirit with the cruel words, ‘Air 1 my brother’s keeper?’ This would be ■unfaithfulness towards our brave brothers who are staking their lives Never. We will mobilise not only bat tallons of warriors, but also a holy forci of praying men. Yes. How much then • Is to ask for our brothers going Into th< field. They are to he the strongiarm whlcl . punishes assassins. They are to be thi mailed fist which strikes In amongst them They are to stand up with the sword It their hands for our most sucred poses slops. So we will accompany them wltl our prayers, out on to the heaving waves on tlielr marches, Into the roar of thi battle, and Into the peacefulness of thi hospitals; will pray to God that they ma; stand at their post like men, that the: may fight their battles courageously am heroically, that they may bear thel wounds bravely and'; calmly, that Goi may give those who die under fire i blessed end and the reward.-.of faithful ness—lri short, that He may make th1 warriors heroes and the herpes victors and then bring them home t6 the lund o their fathers’with the laurels round the! puggarees and the medals on the! breasts,. ■ . "’Or do we perhaps not believe In thi sacred power of Intercession? Well then, what does our text say? ‘And 1 came to puss, when Moses held up lit ' hand, that Israel prevailed.’ The cal mest prayers of a Moses made thi Bwords of tlio enemy blunt. They_pushe< themselves like a wedge between tin enemy’s lines, made them, waver, an< brought victory to the Hying banneri of Israel. Should not our prayers bi able to do what the prayers of Mosei ‘ did? God has not taken hack one syl .table of His promise; heartfelt prayei can still to-day cast down the dragot banner into the dust hnd plant the ban ner of tho Cross on the walls. Ani ’ Moses does not stand alone with his In tercesslon. Look yonder: there on thi heights, of Sodom stands Abraham in tercedlng before his God, and with hi: prayers lie prays Lot out of the burninf city. And. should not our prayers suc ceed In praying our fighting comrade: . ‘out ■ of the fire of the battles ? Lool yonder; Triierp In Jerusalem lies thi young Christian . community on lti .knees. Their leader, their father, lle> imprlsoned.ln a dungeon, and see, wltl their prayers they summon the Ange of God Into the,.prison,' and. he leudi forth Peter unharmed. And oui prayers; should not they have the pow er overt to-day to hurst tho doors of thi oppressed prisoners and the persecuted .and to place an angol at their side? ,Yes tho God of old,still lives, the great ,Allj ■'■ rules still, the Holy Grid, . who cannol let'sin and acts of violence triumph, bu yrfll carry on Hla lioly cause agalnat^ai iV/.v. it. 1.;;'■ cinei.sijAfeiS A-yi'.; unholy people; the Almighty Goa Who can shatter the strongest walls as if they wore spiders’ webs, and Who can disperse the greatest crowds like heaps of Rand; the merciful, faithful God Whose fatherly heart looks after the well- being of His children, Who hears every sigh, and Who sympathises with every distress, pious prayers open His fatherly hands, and they are filled with blessing. Earnest prayer open pi* fatherly heart, and Hr is full of love. Yes, true eonLlmuftis prayer fetches the living God down from 1 tea von. and places Him in our midst. And it' God is for us, who. shall be against us? “Up in the Tauorn there hung strange | bells on the heights. No man’s hand | rings them. Still and dumb they hung in the sunshine. But when the storm winds blow they begin to swing and nom mcnce to ring, and deep down in the val ley their song is heard. God the Lord has hung the prayer-bell In every mart’s heart. But in sunshine and happiness how often it hangs at 111 and dumb. But when the stormy winds of distress break forth then it begins to ring. How many a comrade who has forgotten how to pray will out yonder in the fight for life or death fold his hands again! Distress teaches us to pray. And so shall it also be at home. Let the serious days which have come upon us, let the war storm which has come on. set the bells rlngiib again. Let us pray for our fighting''bro thers. Not only now and then in a solemn hour. No, no, let us he true in prayer. Am f our fathers once in war times rang the bells every evening and.bared their heads at the sound and prayed, so also let us not forget intercession for a day. Moses held up his hands till the going down of the pun, and .To?hua discomfited Amalek and his people with the edge of the sword.' Our fight is not brought to.nn end in one ' day. But don’t let fhe hands become tired or idle till victory has been gained, Lei our prayers be a fiery wall around the camp of our brothers. How the thought will strengthen them, make them enthus iastic, and excite them, that thousands, nay, millions, at home bear them in their praying hearts! The King of .ill Icings | calls Volunteers to the fore, *Who will ■ he the praying one for the Empire?? Oh, If one could only say here: 'The King cal led, and all-all came.' Not one of. us must be? wanting. History will one day describe 'the fights of. these days. But man only sees what lie has before him; be can only pay what the wisdom of the leaders, the courage of the troops, the sharpness of the weapons have done. But eternity will some time reveal still more— It will show how the secret prayers of the believers were a great power in those fifthtn, how the old promise is again fulfil led. •Then they cry unto the Lord In their trouble, and he saveth.thorn out of their distress.’ And thus, keep to prayer. "Almighty God, dear Heavenly Father, Thou Lord of hosts and Ruler of battles, we. raise praying, our handa to Then. On Tliy heart we> lay the thousands of bro thers-! n-urma whom Thou Thyself Hast called to battle. Protect with Thy Al mighty, protection the breasts of our sons. Lead our men to victory. On Thy heart wo lay the wounded and sick. Be Thou their comfort and their strength, and heal their wounds which they receive for King and Fatherland. On Thy heart wo lay all these whom Thou hast orduinnd to die on the field of battle. Stand by them in the last struggle, and give them everlasting peace. On Thy hcai-t we lay our people. Preserve, sanctify. Increase the enthu siasm with which we are now all imbued. Lord our God, we trust in Thee. Load Thou us in the battle. Wo.boast, Lord, :hut Thou wilt help up and in thy name we unroll the banner. Lord we will not leave Thee, then wilt Thou bless us. Tlie Emperor concluded with the Lord’s Prayer and the Benediction. 