MINING. The Killarney cleaned up 300 tpns at the Public battery', Paynesvi 11e/on Thursday for "a- return ojf 193 oz. 10 dwt'y!an; average of about 13 dwt. per tori. - The Hesperus Dawn case comes ,on again in the Supreme Court in March next, 11901.- Anderson and party have been permitted to retain possession of the Ibase, pending the decision to be then given. At the 'Six-Mile, south of Mt. Mag net, the shareholders of the Golden Surprise have been doing good work ; a mainishaft has been sunk 40ft. and a drive of lift put in, the reef struck and penetrated 3ft. <6in., the face be ing still solid, so that its width has not yet beem ascertained. The stone carries - fair gold, and a crushing is being got out. ' , A crushing from Mr. G. Laurie's P.P.A. (Midlothian) of 13 tons yieldejl 3oz. 7^dwi. at the New Chum battery. Previous,to crushing, 4oz. 3dwt. bad been dollied from this parcel, making a total of O^oz., or an average of | about lOdsjf. per ton. As showing the faith the prospectors of the district have in the big forma tions at Boogardie, no less than 11 leasesi have been taken up since the 17th September, or, Id other words, since the agitation for a public battery and cyanide plant for that locality was set on fodt. The battery will'make a big difference to the output from Bob gardie, and the prospectors are anxious ly waiting for it to be advanced a stage •further. The above-mentioned leases comprise 108 acles, and is a large area to be taken up by prospectors inside three months. It is to be hoped, under these circumstances, that the Minister of Mine§ will do his best tp "send the battery along as soon as possible. The leases ate as follow":—Federal, 6 acres ; Boomer, 5 acres; Monarch, 9 j acres ; Golden Stream, 12 acres ; Siege j pf Kimbedey, 12 acres ; Eclipse South, ] 12 acres ; Emily Bennett, 12 acres ; j Elmpro;- 10 acres; Emily. , Bennett Norfch^ 6; acres ; ^ Hesperus, 12 ' acres ; Australian Commonwealth, 12 acres ; total, 108 acres. A large proportion of these leases contain big low grade formations. During November the following public batteries yielded as follows : Payuaiville, 239 tons, 249 oz ; Len lionville, 251, tons, 214 op; Mulline, 567 tons, 659 oz ; Tupkatiana, 7^ tons, HBoz; llavelstone, 422 tons. 298 Widgieniooltba,-131 tons, 28 oz j'^t. Idd, ^OG 'tons. 'The geld escort which left Lawlars last Friday rooming look away 5,516 ounces of gold. As there were no returns from either Lake Way or Dajrlot this month, the output may be looked upon as a.fairly satisfactory one. Daring the ensuing year there is every probability of a large increase in the crushing returns for the field.—The new 20 head battery at the East Mur ckison United has been completed, and the whole 40-head will shortly be run ning, so that a largely increased out put mav be looked for during the cvjMing ye^r-— [E.M. News." The following announcement has been made in a circular Issued to the shareholders of the Great Fingall Con solidated, Day-Dawn West and ;uljoin ing leases:—"In view of'the success ful developments on the Day Dawn main vein, to which all the company's, machinery has been removed, and hav ing regard to Tccal conditions gerie rallv. it has been apparent for some thne pas:. Vbat'it would be necessary to work the Day Dawn West mine, together with;The'five leases to the west of that property belonging to your company,-as i separate under tak ings. The general manager recom mends this couise, and the directors have been successful in arranging for subscription by promoting a company of the whole of the working capital ) required, and have now entered into ' the necessary agreement for sale of | part of the Day Dawn West lease and five further leases at a price to be satisfied by fully', paid shades of the company to hi 'called "The .West] Fingall Limited/' The new under taking will have si working capital of £50,000, out of a total nominal capital of £225,000 iu £1 ^shares. Your com pany receive 100,000 fully paid shares for the sale of the properties, and 25 000 shares will be reserved for further working capital." : _ j Most depressing news comes from j Horseshoe' (skys the "Mnrcbisoni Times.") All hands except those ' necessary to hold the ground have been dismissed, and an application is j being made for six months' exemption, i This glooniy outlook is having a I miserable effect' on the locality, and j will also, to a great extent affect Peak Hill, for upwards of 100 men will be thrown out of employment. The lode matter in the Horseshoe Mine resembles that being worked along the Boogaidie ridges, except that it appears poorer in free gold (what there is is fine) and" more heavily charged with Mineral. The-cn si courses carry the best of the aubiferous ore and they are comparatively short. It is to be hoped that the company will he able to give the ground 'si, further* trial before giving up the "ghost , entirely, for unless the mine man ages to survive tHe crisis it is now going through, the reputation of more than one prominent expert will be damaged '-beyond ali repair.:," • y , A .mining man. who lately visited Lec-Steere -arid Coks lease be^'pnd Carwill, sayS that the reef being worked is traceable right through a 12-acre block and carries the same average stone from end to end, sup posed to be worth not less than 2ozs. per ton. Besides the-ree^ opened there are severM others running parallel, carrying long shoots of high grade ore. Lee-Steere arid Co. have 70. acres leased along the line. The Star of the West,. Carwill, com tinues to yield splendid specimens. Bertram's lease on;the end of it is also turning out good battery^ stone. The Broken Hill (N'.S.W.) miues have paid dividends to date amounting to neatly £7,000,000 sterling. The " Northern.. Miner," Charters Towers, states that there aee now five mines working quartz below 2,000ft. j-Three of these—the Day Dawn Block and Wyndharia, the Brilliant Extended j and the Day Dawn Freehold Consoli dated—are on loz. stone, which is highly payable, and the other two— the Brilliant Deeplevels and Mill's United—may pick up a payable shoot > any day; | There are now. but four work-in the | Ural region of -RusSfa where gold is i obtained by means of chemical pro cess. The former gold mines having given out, are not worked any more. While the world's annual gold produc tion has increased 16.8per Gent, dur ing the last decade, that of Russia has remained as- before, amounting to about 2,400" poods (86,668 pounds) yearly. But-pi ;Sihum of which the Ural mountains furnish 95 per cent, of all the worlds supply, has increased both iu quantjty and value. The amount of the metal produced in the Ural region in 1899 was 13,242 pounds, against but 6,963 pounds iu 1890. The Golden Horseshoe, Kalgoorlie, dating November treated 8,277 tons for 15,323oz., this beiug the largest quantity of goiLproduced by the mine in any one month. The total production Of tin ore from the Green bushes.-field for, the month of November was 88 tDris 5cwt. 1 qr. 10 lb. Of this amount 23 tons 13 cwt. 2 qr. were purchased by the local Sfnelting Company, and the balance of 14 tons 11 cwt. 2 qr. 10 lb. tvas ex ported to the eastern colonies and elsewhere. The total output of the field for the eleven® months was 415 tops 7 cwt. S qra., which is 134 tons 7 cwt 1 qr. loloi in excess of thp. total' production last year. ' • rnoon (says the Leo-. found that the lease referred to had been worked by Messrs. Vetter several months ago, when from a shaft 4 ft. deep something over 30 ov. of gold were dollied. The leader then ap parently gave out, and the prospectors left the district. They returnad some six weeks ago, and determined to sink to a depth, but on going only one foot further they unearthed a boulder, which was thrown ou the dump, and while casually smoking on the dump one day gold was observed, and then it dawned upon the men fhat the leader had again ' been struck. On the west of the leader there is a 4ffc. reef carrying traces of gold, going down at ail angle of 85 deg. east, hollowing the leader down several others were found to make into it, and at 20ft. the leader, which runs almost perpendicularly, is 2ft. wide, lying betweten a foot of formation on the west, and a similar formation to that in the Gold. Blocks on the east; and along the centre of the 2ft. of quartz there is fully an inch of alrnhst solid gold. The hanging wall is solid and well- defined. iStrange to relate, just where the khaft was sunk the forma tion on the east of the t rich leader branches off in a south-easterly direc tion. The* latger reef and the rich leader ha%7e beOn traced for a mile ana a half on the surface, running south west and north east, gold being found all along the line. From 24 pint ^ots of dollied leader 81oz. of smelted gold was obtained, and 01 oz. of rich gold specimens have also been banked, from which it ib estimated 50oz. of gold will be obtained. Messrs. Vetter have secured 17 acres on the line, and on the south Perry and party have pegged 12 acres, while on the north Adams and party havepegged. Messrs. Vetter have been prospecting about Leonora for about three years, and there is now every indication of their pluck being rewarded. 