THE INDIAN FAMINE. An Appeal to tke Abient-ltinlri Bigger— John $aB. Perhaps it is f- o'i^li to wonder When pity is nipped in the bud i Tour ears have been deafened with thunder, Tour eyes have been blinded with blood. Bnt if, through a lull in the battling, xou listen— an, listen again t Out-roared by the voioe of the Gatllng, Theyoryl Are they crying in vain t Oh, Britain 1 , On lowering pinions A flftndfrom the nethermost hell Is scourging 'your fairest dominions, . Look up 'from the spoils you ekMifne, The laurel you flaunt in joflr blaaa ! Aw»tenl The Famine) The famine . Is eating the heart of the land I So trumpet* and bugles are wailing The fate of the slain, of the slain | No streamer* and ribbons an trailing. No tenderness softens the pain. And yet through the hills sad the valleys Bed nmrder is leading the fray i Insilenoe King Death and his allies Are holding carousal to-day. Qreyhued^with., their faming «yes Deep into the famishing flesh, Foam-lipped and despairing and-sMiken They clamor, and olamor afresh. An army of shuddering spectres, A horde from thBTealms of the dead! Now help as, white eahfb, protector! Now barter your cannon for breadl They file in an endless procession, Like ghosts of some terrible Mow ( Borne dream of demoni*o pbsesilon— Boom, room, for the skeleton danoe I Ten millions— and fifteen— and twenty— Ah, you hare money for lead, 6od knows, you oan spare from your plsnty A penny, one penny— for bread | Vox Kotm, in theDAtLT TiLmoMra flitAS K. Hockih0, the novelist, was to have been the Liberal candidate for the Cambome division of Cornwall. Hs had canvassed it, and had been, on the whole, well received. At this Stage, however, he began to express -donbta ?bout the wisdom of the war. His com mittee was instantly on tenterhooks. The chairman wrote: — 'If I take the liberty of suggesting to you the fact that that portion of lhe constituency with which I«tn familiar unbt'in favor ot the Boers, or of any measure but the dic tation of peaoe from Pretoria and Blown, fontein, it may, perhaps, lead you to modify come of your articles until yon have lewnt for yourself the opinions {tra vailing here.' To which Mr. Hocking :— ' I am absolutely opposed to this war. I consider it a crime of the foulest charac ter. Ioannotaupportit. lamoompelledto dsnounoe it at every opportunity. I cannot take my opinions from any eon stituenoy, or alter them to suit any body of electors. I have oaref ully followe I the whole controversy, and I believe 'with John Morley, John Burns, Alfred Russell Wallaoe, Sir E. Olarks, Sir W. 'Lawson, W. 6. Caine, h. Courtney, Dr. Clifford, and thousands of others that this war is the blackest orime of tbsoen tury, engineered by a set of profligates on the Press and in 6outh Africa, and on the London Stook EKobaoge. and brought to a head by the Mephistopbeles of all Ministers, Liberal or Tory, Joseph Chamberlain. If the Cambome Division is against me, select another man. I have no personal end to serve. I -will not stand in the way for a moment. I must follow my reason and my consoienoe at all hazards.' 