? AIICHD: Patrick's High Mass Was Lord, the Enghs Mtfaine GabriellaBoemaand Hiss Julia M Tn 6 tiie ovenii® a very linger [ ielloutne (inet^magha} a the throne, the o&fttragpnest; being tiio Yery Rev. the Dean of-Melbourne. \ftcr Vespers the Ifcev. J. Muiphy read the Gospel narrative concerning the miracle performed % Ottr jLord in rasing Lazaris, the brt^HSrjf Mwtbar and Mary, to life. Subsequently* tin: choir-sang tlic principal vocal portions of Don Lorenzo Perosi's oratorio, "TheResurrection of Lazarus." As some interesting details of tins grand worit appeared ^ oar issues of March 24 andApnl 7,lt is unneces- .«ry to give an extended-notice oflaefc Suridav night's successful performance. Suffice" it to say that the production of Pcrosi's masterpiece was creditable, to all concerned. The organist, Miss Anderson, brought out "all the capabilities of the' grand organ,. the only instrument employed. It is specially creditable to the conductor, Herr Steinmetz, that the piece was bo successfully presented, even without the full orchestration, which would, of course, have greatly strengthened the vocal parts. The characters represented were : "Narrator" (tenor), Messrs. G. Johnson and T. Sector Lisrhtl'oot; "Christus" (baritone), Mr. R. Foley; "Martha," (soptano), Madame Gabriella Boema; "MalW' (mezzo-soprano), Miss J. Milleaj eervant Xbass), Mr. T. Watson. The congregation was supplied iv i tli copies of ' the " * Wit ' " In- " Latin " an idEng- d lish. Each character was effectually interpreted, full justice being done to the spirit of the several; pacts selected. One could discern the placid , attitude of the narrator, or historian, the- natural timidity of the servant, the dignity and meekness of Christ, and the trftgting confidence and faith of the.sisters of Lazarus. The parts- assigned to the chorus, which were powerfully rendered, 'ran as follows: — Tliou gracious searcher of the hearts, Who knowest men's infirmities, Wo turn to Thee, oh, give Thou us The grace of Thy forgiveness. Much have we sinned, alas! Yet spare those who confess to Thee. Oh, grant, to praise Thy holy name, Forgiveness to titoae who ace weak. 0 Holy Father, be;with us, And Thou, tW Boly Son, Who with the Holy Spirit reignest For ever and for evermore. 0 fount of love, so wonderful, 0 gushing water, <Jrystal clear, 0 flame that cleanses all pur sins, 0 pulae-beat of-our cager heart. For ever, praised, Thou, WhonHtoe '^uigid The Father and the Holy Ghost Bo praised fotHSwSmpw." At Benediction of theMost Holy Sacrament "Ave Verum" (Gounod) and "Tantum Ergo" (Perosi), for double, chorus, wore snag, Attlie Conclusion ofthe service the <shoir.«rese entertained by the Archbishop at ^e pil»ce, His Grace taking occasion; Wwiarnily congratulate them on the anc»e8e o;f the performance. As previously ^ntfoned, the children of the tjgthedial parochial schools will siug the chUdi^sMass on Easter Sunday, at the Cathedra, *t9.30 o'clock. To- morrow (Sunday) High Jtaas -prill be sung in the C^h^ral^^^dbi^, when the ArchbiBh^ of lCdbourne Will preside, and also deliver a discourse on the great festival of the day. THE A«OHB3t8JlOP*S JBNGAG3gMENTti. The engagements of His Grace the Archbishop of "Melbourne during the coming week are as followEaster Monday, opening the HealesviHe bazaa? ? Easter Tuesday,fii* Grace presides at the ceremony ofprofessionat the ftmvent of Mercy, Wydale, tofam Hie following day, the Arohbiahop jKUl. arjust xfae Convent of Mercy, N»<Maoa^tflee*, -Fitzroy, where a BAZAAS^YffiSfftBNWICK, A Federal in aid of the Star of m Slatsrairick, ^tsssBESSa^s 8 o'clock cal iag veral thpir For city, workinghard 4b£itine ^epartinp^eparaMonfortheFairvand together ^ varied and -valuable collection of goods. No effort has been „fej»ared to make the Federal Fair as attractive as possible to patrons. The programme of entertainments will be changed nightly. _ ST. IGNATIUS', EIOBtfOND. On Good Friday the -devotion of the three hours' agony will begin in St. Ignatius'. Richmond. At 12 o'clock a discourse on tbe seven last words of Our Twora «n the Gross #ifl be given by Rev. T. OabiU, S.J., aid Bev. C, Morrogh, S.J. In the evening the Passion Sermon will be preached by the Very Rev. J. Ryan, S.J., and a collection will be taken up in aid of the Free Dispensary. RICHMOND FAIR. At. the Guild Hall, Richmond, to-day (Easter Saturday), a poultry fair will be opened in connection with the forthcoming bazaar. The fair will be opened at noon, and remain open during the afternoon and evening. A ehoice assortment of table delicacies has been got together fof the fair. Amusements of various kinds are promised to patrons of the fair. ST FBANOIS' FANCY FAIR, " It is notified in our advertising columns that St. Francis' Fancy Fair will be opened on faster Monday, in St. Francis' school-room, Elizabeth street, at7o'clock, . by Mr. J. Anderson, M.L.A. A programme containing many attractive features has been arranged for each night of the Fair, including vocal and instrumental music, exhibitions by the Christian Brothers' pupils, step dancing, etc. The proceeds go towards defraying the expenditure incurred in the improvements of the church. BAZAAR AT DARDENONG. There is, we learn, a heavy debt of JE940 on St. Mary's Church, Dandenong, of which the respected pastor is the Bev. P. Gleeson. An effort is to be made to liquidate this liability, which must be a source of considerable anxiety to the pastor and hi6 somewhat sparse congregation. With tMs praiseworthy object in view, a bazaar has been organised for Easter week, and will be opened in the local Town Hall, by Councillor & Gillott, M.L.A., at 8 p.m. on Easter Monday, and it will be continued every evening during the week. An art union will be drawn on the 21st inst., and it isYequested that blocks and unsold tickets, with remittances, be returned to the Rev. J. Gleeson, Dandenong, not later than the . 19th inst. A promenade concert by a number of leading city artists will be given each evening during tbe currency of the fair. HEALESVILLE EASIER FAIR. It is announced in our advertising columns that His Grace the Archbishop of Melbourne will open an Easter Fair at Healesville on Easter Monday, in the local Recreation Hall, at 3.30 p.m. The proceeds are to be devoted to the presbytery building fund. The Fair will be continued every evening daring Easter week. We understand that a series of entertainments have been arranged for each night. It is to be hoped that the labours of the lady stall-holders and their committee will meet with a fair measure of success, and that the financial result will enable the Rev.' F. J. Gleeson to meet the greater portion, if nbt the wh61e, of the cost of the nejv presbytery at Healesville. Trains leave Prince's Bridge station at 12.15 p.m. There are the usual excursion fares. (From our own Correspondent.) On Palm Sunday the palms were blessed at the early Masses, anddiatributed at the subsequent Masses, in all thechorehes throughout the parish. At the 11 o'clock Mass the Very Re v. ArchpriestMcKenna, V.G., preached anleloquent sermon on the Divinity ol the Blessed Lord. , " A largely attended meetingof parishioners was held on the 4th init. in'St. Mary's schoolroom for the purpose of organising ways and means for effecting necessary improvements to St. Mary's and AS. Peter and Paul's churches. 'The Very Rev. Arehpnest McKenna, V.G., presided. > The proceedinm -lS»ja «f a most enthusiastic character; -^ Jk aaiafer. estingaddresa, the rev. ehftiTrqan^fcatchett his scheme of improvement in det*uJ, On the motion of Mr. Denis O'Brien, sgoonded by Mr. James Monday, It mi cnacimously decided to approve cf lhe scheibe laid before the meeting Archpriest. ni the Very Rev. A bulldog and eoileoting of the leading jmris&ionerB; Bev. Archpriest I t M ^ i ^ Jas. Munday and Messre. Thos. Darcy, J. M^om^' D. 0 Bnen and J. J. Breheny, JJlO lOs, each. Mr. J. E. Ferguson presided' over an attendance of about fifty membera of St, Mary's C.Y.M. Society last Monday evening. Four new members Were elected. It was decided to present a testimonial to Mr. J. J. McSweeney, before his departure for South Africa;. Arrangements were made for the visit of the Eesendon C.Y.M. Society to Geelong on Easter Monday, when a cricket match 'is to be played between the two societies. The. syllabus subject, " Impromptu speaking," was heartily entered into, and several interesting speeches were delivered. There was a large and enthusiastic assemblage at St. Mary's Hall last evening, says the " Geelong Advertiser," 11th inst., the occasion being the presentation of a pui-so of 150 sovereigns to the Rev. E. O'Brien, who was appointed recently to the charge of St. Joseph's, at Collingwood, after 12 years of zealous labor in Geelong, during the latter par$ of which the administration of the parish devolved upon him, in a large measure, owing to the continued illness of the Ven. Archdeacon Slattery. The chair was occupied by the Ven. Archpriest Awhnrioot M'Kenna,. IT/1 V.G., and the local clergy and several leading members of the laity alsi " " upou the platform, ceedings Archpriesj that anything he, ger, might say O'Brien, would place in their est! work entitled him. recluse, but had gone" doing good, and, keeping to the letter of the Sacred Word, had preached to them in season and out of season. Reference was made particularly to the unwearied energy that Father 0.' Brien had exhibited in the advancement of the Holy Family Confraternity, and the individual interest that he had taken in the members, with the result that the organisation was second to none of its kind in the world, save that of Limerick. (Applause). In every sense Father O'Brien had proved a zealous missionary priest, filled with zeal for the salvation of souls. Before coneluding, the Ven. Archpriest paid a tribute to the deep respect and affection that the people manifested on all occasions for their pastors. Mr. J. Maloney, on behalf of the Christian Doctrine Society, presented Father O'Brien with an oil stock. From the Children of Mary the rev. gentleman received a beautifully finished chalice, accompanied with an address, which was read by Miss E. Tuite. An illuminated address, embodying the sentiments of the parishioners, was then read by Mr. J. J. Trait, the text being as follows:— " To the Rev. Edward O'Brien.—Rev. and dear sir,—On behalf of your many friends in Geelong, we beg your acceptance of the accompanying purse of sovereigns as a slight token of their esteem and respect for you. The announcement of your removal was received with the most profound regret, but at the same time \vc were all proud and pleased that you were given charge of such an important parish as Collitigwood. During your eleven years' ministry amongst us you have proved yourself worthy of the best traditions of the " Soggarih Aroon," you consoled us in our sorrow, rejoiced in our prosperity, assisted the needy, and reformed the erring. The various organisations in the parish will miss your kindly counsel and your enthusiastic and energetic assistance. The members of the Confraternity of the Holy Family in a very special manner regret your departure, for it was with them you were most closely identified, and the extraordinary success of that sodality was due solely to your untiring exertion. We sincerely hope that you may long be spared to continue your good work wherever you may be placed. With deepest respect and esteem we remain, sincerely yours. D. O'Brien and J. Muaday, on behalf of the . parishioners ; H. G. Butters, on behalf of the Confraternity of the Holy Family; J. J. Trait, on behalf of St. Patrick's branch H.A.C.B.S.; J. Maloney, on behalf of the Christian Doctrine Society." Mr. Jas. Munday, on behalf of the subscribers, then presented the rev. gentleman with 150 sovereigns, contained in a purse of exquisite design, which was manufactured for the occasion by the Sisters of Mercy. He assured the recipient that the sovereigns in the purse were < accompanied by something still better— the good wisKes of all the people of the parish. (Applause). / , Mr. W. Gurr, M.L.A., spoke in eolpgiS'. tic terms of Father O'Brien, and regarded it as aprivilege tp assist In ifering honour to the rev. gentleman, whose life faad been dedicated to God and humanity. Mm. P. 8myth, J. P., also spbfce, and Mr;.: P- J. M'Cabe Doyle, B.A., LLiM^ youjed the general sentiments fn;» :gracefoilyworded speech^ that met 3nth muoh applause. Father 0*Bri«n, who met lyiib n ovation, thanked lihe people : qJL tioos 'tee . &« - p of their ssfitiaaeiito iaMpf^Moa. Infeefingterms he acknowledged the.hdp that he, as a young priest, had received from the Ven. Archdeacon Slattery, whose workinGeelong was mentioned ' with enthusiasm. Special reference was made to the Gonfratemity, and in conclusion the rev. gentleman expressed the hope that he would live in their minds for many yeirs to come. A well arranged programme of musical and elocutionary items made the proceedings vefy enjoyable, and at the close a hearty vote of thanks to the venerable chairman was carried on the motion of Mr. Jas. Munday, seconded by Mr. D. O'Brien. MANSFIELD. On Thursday morning, April 6, the 8olomn ceremony of the profession of two novices into the Order of Mercy took place in the parish church. The names of the newly professed sisters are Miss C. Denton (Sr. M. Aquinas), and Miss Cronan (Sr. Philomena.) Hie Grace, the Archbishop of Melbourne, officiated, assisted by the Rev. J. S. Collins, Rev. J. McCarthy, and Rev. P. O'Reilly. The other clergy present were the Rev. R. Collins (Clifton Hill), and Rev. M. Lane. His Grace, in a few well chosen words, explained the nature of the vows taken by the young Religious, and the happiness of a life dedicated to the service of od. The previous evening His Grace visited e schools, where the children presented m with an address, and went through short programme of songs, rccitaticue, etc. On Friday, Rev. J, McCarthy, diocesan inspector, examined the schools. The children passed a most satisfactory examination, and Fr. McCarthy expressed himself highly pleased with the progress they had made during the past twelve months. 