THE LADIES' Gif HISTORY ASSOCIATION ask the http of morn Christian friends to enable them to publish these Sermons Weekly. Subscriptions received. by Mrs. Fagg, Mrs. Nicholas and Miss Nutt, 24, Fitzroy-place. I THE SIMPLEST REMEDY. I Those are sad words, "With His stripes we are healed," because they tell of our Lord's sufferings. "With His stripes we are healed." I find that the word here used is in the singular, and not as the translation would lead you to suppose. The use of a singular noun may have been intended to set forth that our Lord was as it were reduced to a mass of bruis- ing, and was made one great bruise. Our text alludes partly to the sufferings of His body, but much more to the agonies of HIS soul. The body of our Lord and Saviour was bruised. Scourging under the Jewish law was always moderate, there was a pause made at a point which mercy had appointed. Thirty-nine stripes were all that could be given. But our Lord was not beaten according to the Jewish law He was scourged by Pilate, and the scourging of the Romans was peculiarly brutal , They stopped not at the forty stripes save one, they smoke at random, according to their own will. The Saviour endured a scourging which was intended to be a sub | stitute for death I will scourge Him and release Him," said Pilate-but instead of its being a substitute for death, it became a prelude to it. Probably most men would prefer to die rather than to be scourged after the Roman fashion, and might be wise in making such a choice. Sinews of oxen wore intertwined with knuckle bones of sheep, and these were armed with small sliveR of bone, so that every stroke gashed the flesh deeply, and caused fearful wounds and hearing as saith the prophet, "The ploughs made deep furrows." Our Saviour B back was ploughed and furrowed deeply in the day of His scourging. Now you may look at the person of Jennie, your Substitute and Sacrifice, covered with livid bruises by human cruelty, and say, "With His stripes we are healed "But you must not stop there, and think that flesh wounds 1 were all His stripes, for our Lord bore more terrible stripes in His soul He was smitten in His heart each day of His life. ' He had to suffer the ills of. providence. Being a man. He had sympathy with us in all those stripes which are the inherit- ance of Adam's sons, He felt the stripes of poverty, stripes of weariness, stripes of sickness, stripes of heaviness, stripes of bereavement, above all others, He was a "Man of sorrows and acquainted with grief." He had to run the gauntlet of all mankind. Stripes fell upon our Saviour from all sorts of men, for every man's sin laid a stroke upon His shoulder When He was bore on earth, ii JO saw men sin, that smote Him, if He heard them speak a wrong word, that smote Kim Having signed, we have been hardened by Ern, but He was pure and perfect, and it was a bruise to him to come into contact with sin. You know how His adversaries called Him a drunken man and a wmebibber, how they said He had a devil, and was mad. Thus they were all striking Him, each man laying on his blow with all his might. Worse than al), He was wounded in the house of His friends. Was any blow equal to that which Judas la) upon those shoulders ? And next to that could anything surpass in pain the blows which Peter gave when he said I know not the Mant There was a cruel process in the English navy in which men were made to run the gauntlet all along the ship, with sailors on each side, each man being bound to give a stroke to the poor v chin as he ran along. Our Saviour's life was a running of the gauntlet be- I twoon His enemies and His friends, who | all struck Him, one here and another there. By whose stripes we are healed Satan, too, struck at him I think I see the arch-fiend ascend from the pit with haste, and, lifting himself upon his wagon wings, come forward to strike the Saviour, daring to inflict upon His BOUR the ac- cursed temptations of hell He smote Him in the desert, and in the garden, till beneath that smiling great drops of blood crimsoned His face But this was nothing, compared with the fact that He was smitten of God Oh what a word is that! if God were to lay His finger on any one of us this morning, only His finger, we should be struck with sickness, paralysis, nye, and death Then Hunk of God smiling God must smite sin wherever he sees it, it is just that He should do so, it is as much an essential part of God's nature that he should crush sin as that He should love, for, indeed, it is only love in another form that makes Him hate that which is evil So when He saw our sin laid upon His Son, he smote him with the blows of a cruel Une, till beneath that smiling His Son cried out "My God, my God, why hast Thou forsaken Me?" He was bearing 111 that moment all the crushing blows of that great sword of vengeance of which we read in the prophets Awake, O sword, against My shepherd, and against the Man that is My Fellow, saith the Lord That the ever blessed One should suffers That the Lord of life should bleed The angels worship Him, and He 1 Povah smote Him ' tie is so me that nothing else is beautiful to any eye that has once gazed upon Him, and set they spit in His fate and man His lovely countenance with cruel blows He is all tenderness, but they are all cruelty He IS harmless as a lamb He never thought I nor spoke a thing of wrong to mortal man, I but yet they strike Him as though He were a fierce beast of prey, fit only to be bruised to death He is all love, and, when they smote Him worst. He doth but pray for them, yet smile they still I No curses drop from those dear lips, but words of pity only, and of sweet sentences- ' B'on, follow each blow, yet still they wound, and buffet, and blasphemed Oh, grief, far deeper than the sea' Oh, woe, immeasurable They smote Him for whom they ought to have gladly died. Him for whom the noble army of martyrs , counted it all joy to render up their lives ' They despitefully entreat Him who came on errands of pure mercy and disinterest- ed grace Oh, cruel whips and cruel hands, and yet more cruel hearts, of wicked men' Surely we should never read such words as these without feeling that they call for sorrowful row which, if mingled with Spiritual repentance, will be a fit anointing for His burial, or, at least, a bath in which to wash away the blood- . stains from His dear and most pure flesh I 2 Next, these are glad words "With ' His stripes we are healed " They are glad words first, because they speak of healing "We are healed " Understand these words, O beloved, of that virtual healing which was given you in the day when Jesus Christ died upon the cross I In the moment when Christ yielded up the ghost, all His elect might have said, and said with truth, "We are headed', for from that moment their Bills were put away a full atonement was made for all the chosen Christ had laid down His life for His sheep, He had redeemed Hi I saints from among men, the ransom price was fully paid, for in a complete expiation was made, the redeemed were clear Let us this morning walk up and down with perfect peace and confidence, for from the day when Jesus died we were perfectly clear before the judgment seat of God "With His stripes we are healed," or rather, ' we were headed for the words are in the past in the original Hebrew "With His stripes we were healed " My sins, they ceased to be centuries ago, my debts, my Saviour paid them before I was born, and nailed up the receipted bill to His cross and I can see it there. The handwriting of ordinances that was contrary to us. He nailed it to His cross I can see it, and while I read the long list of my sister, how long' what a roll it wanted to contain them '-yet I see at the bottom, The blood of Jesus Christ His Son cleanseth us from all sin " It matters not how long that roll was the debt is all discharged I am acquitted before God, and so is every believer in Jesus Every soul that rests in Jesus was at this time when Jesus died, there and then absolved before the sacred judgment seat "Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect ?" is a fit challenge to ring forth from the cross where atonement was finished But, dear friends, there is an actual application of the great expiation to us when by faith we receive it individually, and it is that also which is intended here. To as many as have believed in Jesus, His stripes have given the hearing of forgiveness of sin, and, moreover, it has conquered the deadly power of sin Sin no longer hath dominion over them, for they are not under the law, but under grace. Nothing ever delivers a man from the power of. Bin like a sight of the suffering Saviour. I know, beloved if you have put your trust in the sufferings of Jesus, you think him to be the most precious of beings, you see a loveliness in Him which all heaven's angels could not rival. The stripes of immanuel have also headed our hearts, We hid, as it were, our faces from Him, He was despised, and we esteemed Him not," but now our hearts delight in Him, and we turn our faces towards Him as the flowers look to the sun We wish that we could see him face to face. And He has healed our feet, too, for they were prone to evil, note the verse that follows our text, "All we like sheep have gone astray, we have turned everyone to his own way." A sight of His stripes has brought in, back, and, charmed by the disinterested love which suffered in our stead, we follow the great Bishop and Shepherd of our souls, and desire never again to wander from His commands. He forgiven all our iniquities. He heareth all our diseases. If you would be cured of any sin, however spreading the infection fly to Jesus's wounds. This is the only way to be rid of the palsy of fear, the fever of lest, the whole blame of re- I morse, or the leprosy of iniquity. 