ROME. THE IRISH CHRISTIAN BROTHERS IN ROME. On . October 10 the .Anglo-Italian Commercial School of the Christian Brothers under the protec tion of St. Patrick, was auspiciously inaugurated in Rome. His Eminence Cardinal Respighi, Vicar General of his Holiness Leo XIII., on his arrival at the school was met at the entrance and con ducted to the Oratory by Mgr. Adami, Archbishop of Caesarea; Mgr. Stonor, Archbishop of Trebi zond; Mgr Kelly, Rector of the Irish College ; Mgr. Angeli, Secretary to his Holiness the Pope. The a distinguished and representative assembly. In addition to the many Romans, there were also very many of the English-speaking residents of Rome, including a large representation from the Irish members of the regular clergy, the students from the Irish Franciscan and Dominican Colleges of St. Isidore and St. Clement, as well at many Irish and English priests and others at present in Rome as pilgrims. v1 When his Eminence Cardinal Respighi reached the Oratory the whole assembly rose, and the Car dinal having taken his place, the Rev. Pio de Mandato, S.J., came forward to address the meet ing. He said that he had been requested by the Christian Brothers to greet his Eminence, and to thank him for his visit to their new house ir, Home. The Brothers had come to Rome to conduct a school for boys and youths on the same lines as the school which the English ladies of the Society of the Blessed Virgin Mary had established three years ago in the Via Nazionale, and which was so fruitful in blessings, and so helpful to the Society for the Pre servation of the Faith in Rome. The Brothers would therefore establish a school for boys in which the teaching of the English language would form a leading feature, as well as a gratuitous even ing school for the study of English and , other modern languages. The fame of the Irish Christian Brothers as educators of youth had been long since firmly established. Not alone in Ireland and Eng land but in all quarters of the world, in Australia, New Zea'and, Indie, South Africa, and Gibraltar these religious were to be found labouring with zeal and success. The Brothers had now come to Rome to help them in the work of the Preservation of the Faith which the Protestant foreign sects, aided by resources from England and America, were striving to undermine by various and ineidu OU8 means— -chief amongst their inducements being the teaching of English. ' Cardinal Respighi said that as the ApoBtles after the descent of the Holy Ghost had employed the gift of tongues to propagate the religion of Christ so would these good religious from Ireland likewise employ it to preserve this glorious faith and strengthen it against the assaults of heresy, which adopts every means to dim itB lustre. Why should not they too avail of this means to preserve the pre cious deposit of the Faith ? From the interest which the Holy Father took in the work of the So ciety for the Preservation of the Faith and from the blessing which his Eminence now invoked upon this latest auxiliary to their work he anticipated the happiest results. He prayed that the ble'ssing of the Holy Spirit might descend on the heads of the Brothers and their scholars. 