GOSSIP; (By ' Bobbir.') Some very funny stories about policemen are heard at times, and they are not always similar 'to one in Sydney lately, when a policeman was giving evidence in a case and a solicitor in cross-examination asked him what he did, and the reply was ' Nothing ; I'm a policeman.' I have heard of police ;n lk. j... aninKthinOr if it '*?=' 'J 'Y ' = ; — o - -- was only being a cocktail by galloping from bushrangers, not very'far- away frdni! Blayney, either. However, the occurrence I am going to relate took place recently not 100 miles away from Blayney, and refers to a policeman refusing to do his part in pre serving law and order because he did not want to get his feet wet. Poor little feller 1 At about 1 o'olock on a recent Sunday morn ing it was raining, and a resident living a few hundred yards out of the main street was troubled with the noise and language of a drunken man near his residence, and who refused to desist. Tlie language was very bad, and was within hearing of women and children. The resident then went down town to secure the services of the night policeman and have the noisy individual locked up. Whilst walking down the street looking for tbe bobby, he noticed a long object lying on a seat in front of an hotel, and striking a match he found it to be the ' officer ' he was looking for indulging in a nap. Waking him up, the resident explained his case, and the two started for tbe place where the drunken man was. After pro ceeding a eoupie ot nunarea yaras out oi cue main Btreet the constable asked how much farther they had to go, aud he was told about 150 yards across the flat, whereupon he deliberately jibbed, saying that he would go no farther as he was not going to get his feet wet. After a few words the bobby went back to the main street — probably to finish his nap — whilst the resident went his way and got the help of another private resident and removed the drunkea individ ual. Such are the plain facts of the case, and it shows w.hat flimsy, chicken-hearted cockeys there are in the police force to pre serve law and order. I think the resident should have caught hold of him when he refused to do his duty and soused and rolled him in the wet grass, as such an ass should be taught to know his master, and that policemen are merely servants of the people. I know that love-letters are interesting reading, especially to those whom they are addressed. I have been shown a letter writton to a chap in Blayney named Tom froui his lady-love at Lagoon, near Bathurst. I make a few extracts from it just to show how funny a person writes when in love : — ' Mr rlrnir Trfive. — X n-« write von a. few I lines hoping they will find you well as that leaves me at present. Dear Tom I got a letter from mother yesterday and she said that you was nearly dead. Dear love, f don't know what to do at all, I would sooner than anything that I could see you. . . Well Dear I am nearly mad, I don't know what to do with myself at all, and lonesome I don't know what to do My dear pet 1 hope it aint true about you or not. . . . Dear love how i- your face. Dear old pet, I think I have told you all the news this time. . . So good-by my Dear little pet, I remain your ever loving intended — — ? . Please write soon and tell me how you are getting on. My Dear pet I don't know how I feel at this moment for you. I shed a tear for you at times and 1 am now at this moment, so good by for this time. (Then follows 46 crosses).' What tub Queen Drinks —The Queen's favorite mineral water has a sharp, acrid taste; it is used by her Majesty to dilute her whisky at dinner. So fond is the Queen of this water that even when setting out for a Continental trip she usually takes thirty six dozen with heron board the lloyal yacht. When staying at Buckingham Palace her Majesty orders twelve dozen lemonade and twenty-four dozen Brunnen twice a week, Tbe Prince of Wales's household consumes thirty 6ix dozen of 6oda-water every week. There are special medical instructions for mineral waters destined for Royal consump tion. Every bottle is carefully examined when filled, and should the expert eye dis cern the smallest particle of cork or other concrete substance, the bottle is reopened aud the contents thoroughly filtered. I hear that George is going to give up cycling and says he is going to play football this season. George was not a great success at cricket, his batting average for last sea son being about 5 ; he did not win much at cycling, and it is hard to say whether he will be a success in the football field until be is tried. Notwithstanding what other sports men think, I believe that George will be come a Trutnper, a Megson, and a Wickham — ue improves wonnenuny in uie lutiuro. Great interest is being taken in the plain and faocy dress ball, to be held on 30th iu staat, in aid of the Blayney Town Band. I would like to see a good number of ladies and gentlemen present in fancy dress, as it will raaka the affair more imposing and at tractive Should any difficulty arise in i choosing a character, a leading dressmaking journal thould contain designs for fancy a os t u me i. It is already known that fc'iere is a preju diet! against May marriages, as marrying in j the igonih of May is caid to be followed hy ill-luck, and the following explanation con cerning this superstition may interest ray readers ; — In aucient Borne cbere was held in May a festival called the Letnaria, or Feast of tbe Leniures, which was a ceremony in honor of the spirits of departed souls. 1 1 became with the Romans what vet should call ' bad form ' to have matrimonial feasts at the season of a solemn ritual, being, no doubt, thought to be an inBult to the dead to nitrry at such a time. From this a number of stories grew of the revenge .tnade by the outraged ghosts upon those who dared to disregard them, aud if anything unfortunate h»ppi ned to a couple who had been married 1 in Aisty it «ould, of couise, have keen put -|gvii to retnliytion. So the tradition of flMuck arose, and its influence has lasted ever sincii, en n to this time t- * * J n'yfc and lietk art; not playing speaks now. I asked Beck the reason, and she | replied ' Oil, I didn't suit.' The partner- . ship appears to have been dissolved by mu tual consent, aud the Jack of Hearts has j got liis eye on another girl and hopes to be the ' right bower ' before long. * * * Alderman Russart was refused a hearing at the public meeting on Monday last be cause he would not address the meeting properly, and when tbe M»y*r told him it was bad manners to »ddres8 a public ^heat ing with his hat on, he i'e|*sed mnfovsr his head anditlie people ^viry properly refused'' to listen to him. Alderman llussart did 'iiot like his reception, and if he had taken his hat off, the people would have' noticed that he had his 'hair off' too. It is plain that he and a few others who always liked to ' run the whole show ' in Blayney will now have to give way to new and beLter men in the town. Captain Cock delivered an excellent speech in favor of the object of the meeting, and I would ask everyone in terested in the welfare of the town to read his speech (printed iu another column). No one spoke against the motion, and those in the minority have found that they am not going to be allowed encroach upen the rights aud benefits of miners and other residents by shutting up the best block of building sites in the town for the purpose of having it made into a show ground. When tho Mayor declared the motion carried in favor of protesting against Block 20 as a Show ground, those in the minority had counten ances like many a hunted rat in Sydney, who. if thev could rneak. would be heard piteously wailing ' Driven From Home.' A number ot people are highly amused at the criticisms in the ' West Macquarie ' on the actions of the Mayor (Alderman Wood ward). I am pleased to notice that no valuo | is put on the criticisms of that journal, and that the Mayor still continues to do his duty in a conscientious manner. He would cer tainly be in a bad state if he looked to the ( ' West Macquarie ' for advice, as that, paper ' is tbe toady to a certain section who swallow its weekly sop, which is only published as a 'catch' for ads. from certain business people 