The Kaiser in the Pulpit. GREAT SERMON TO IIIS SOLDIERS. THE MIGHTY POWER IN BATTLE. "PERSEVERE IN PRAYER." (translated uy octavius c. mums.) Two days aflor his miich-quotctl (arowoll spocch to tho troops doparting for China — viz., on Sunday, July 29 — tho Kaisor conducted divino sorvico in lim'nnn nnAti Mm TTnlinnonll/im nIV T-Tnlt. goland. Ho cboso as his toxt Exadua, 17th clmptor, 11th verso, and entitled bis discourse, " tue sacred duty and tiie holy power Ur tAt ILitttibSLUAi His Majesty hogan : — . Sevonth Sunday af tor Trinity. Tho graco of our Lord Josus Christ and tho lovo of God and tho Communion of tho Holy Ghost bo with us all. Amen. Toxt: Exodus 17, 11, "So long as Mosos uphold his hands in prayer, Israel provailod ; whon, howovor, ho lot down his bands, Amalok pro vailod." That is a touohing picture which our joxt of to-day dopicts heforo the soul. Behold Isrnol jonrnoying through tho desort from tho Red Sea to tho mount of Sinai. Suddenly tho hoathon nation of Amulck stops in tho way to blook thoir passage, and it comes to a fight. JosHua loads tho young. manhood of Israol into tho fray, swords clash against ench othor, a fiorco and bloody battlo begins in the Valo of Rophidim. But, lo 1 whilst tho combat sways hithor and thithor, thoso pious inon of God — Mosos, Aaron, and Hur — climb tho mountaiu to boa veil, thoy pray. Below, in. tho valloy, tho fighting troops ; abovo, on tho mount, the praying troops — that is tho sacrod lmttlo-picturo of our toxt. . . Who understands not to-day what it would say to us? Yot onco again that hcavon,' Amnlckitisb spirit has moved itsolf in further Asia. With groat power and much craftiness, with burnings and murder, thoy would block tho passage of European trade and European gonitis — yea, of tbo triumphal progress of Christian mora lity and Christian faith. And yot onco again has God's command gone forth, " Cliooso us out men ; go forth and fight against Amalok!" A fiorco and bloody strugglo has begun. . Already many of our brothers stand up to tho fiory hail, many nra jonrnoying to wards tho coasts of tho foo; and you have scon them— thoso thousands who, at the call, " Voluntoors to tho front ! Who will guard tho Empire ?" gathor togothor, so that, with bannors flying, they, too, may ontor tho fray. But wo— wo who must romain bo- hind in tho homo-land, wo who uro bo.und by othors sacred dutios— say, " Hoar yo not tho call of God, that goos forth to you, aud that says to you, 1 Climb up tho.mount I Raise thy hands aloft to Heaven 1 Tbo prayor of tho righteous avail'oth much whon it is earnest I" " Well, then, yondor, far oil, aro tho fighting hosts; horo, in' tho homo- land, tho praying hosts — lot that, too, bo tbo sacred battlo-picturo of our day. Let tbis quiot morning hour admonish us, lot it rovoal to us tho sacrod. duty of intercession, lot it romind us of tho holy power of prayer. THE SACRED DUTY OF INTERCESSION. Assuredly that is an inspiring mo ment whon a shin with hor voune com- pany on board woighs her anchor ! Have you not seen tho oyos of tbo war riors light up ? Have yon not board thoir thousand-voiced hurrahs? But whon tho Coastlina of tho homo-land' vanishes, whon thoy plungo into tbo glowing heat of tho Rod Sea or into tho billows Of tho ocean, how easily wano tho gaioty and tho enthusiasm 1 Assuredly, an olovnting momont is that whon, aftor n long voyage, tho straight linos of tho Gorman forts show up afar, whon tho black, white, and red flags of tho Gorman colony bo- como visible and tho brothors- in-arms wait to joyously rocoivo thorn on tho ' shore ; but whon tboro como tho long marches in tho burning sun, tho long nights of bivouao in tho rain, how lame do strongth and cheerfulness be come 1 Assuredly that is a long- dosired moment wbon tho drum boats to tbo storm and tbo truinpots blaro to tho fight, when the word of command resounds, " Forward upon tho foo I" But whon, in tho tbundor of tho guns and tho bursting of tbo sholls, com rades begin to fall to loft and right, and tho batteries of tho onomy will not yiold, how easily then begins tho bra- vost heart to quako ! Christians ! so that our brothors out yondor may romain cbcorful in tho direst noed, remain faithful ovon in tho hardest duty, remain dauntless ovon in tho greatest dangor — for this thoy need, moro than munitions and Keen weapons, moro ruan yuubuiui courago and flaming onthusiasm — for this thoy noed the blessing from abovo, oloo tboy cannot win and prosorvo tho victory ; and this heavenly world only ' opons itself to prayor. Prayor is tho goldqn koy to .tho troasure-houso of God. But whosoever has it, ho has also tho promise, " Whoso askoth, ro coivo th." Or shall wo porhaps sit idly with our hands in our laps ? Woo to us if ' > we should bo indiiloront and b-r-y whilst thoy carry on tho hard and bloody work I Woo to us if wo, bo- hind tho lists, bohold with curiosity ' tho groat drama .whilst thoy grapple in tho fiorco and deadly combat 1 That woro tho spirit of Cain with tho cruel speech, " Am I my brothor's keopor ?" That were perfidy to our good brothors who sot their lives at stako 1 No, novor 1 Lot us not only mobi lise our battalions of warriors — nay, also a sacred corps of supplicants. Yes, there is much indeed to sup plicate and iiuploro for our brothors who aro going into tho field. Thoy aro to bo tho strong arm which shall punish tbo assassins ; thoy aro to be ' that " mailed fist" which' shall drive into tho wild disorder ; sword in hand shall they enter tboro for our holiest \- things. So let us in prayer go with them away on tho rolling sea, away on thoir marches, away in the thunder of battlo and tho quiat of tbo hospital. Let ps hosccch tho Lord God that they stand firm at thoir post ; that, heroic and undaunted, thoy light in tho fray ; that, with silent valor, thoy endure thoir wounds ; that God grant to thqm ' who fall under firo a happy end, and givo them tho reward of tho faithful — in short, that Ho inako horoos of tho warriors and victors of the heroo. uid then, with laurels round thoir tropin bulmais »ai stirs af htaer on thoir breasts, that Ho .bring them homo to tho land of thoir fathors. THE HOLY POWER OF INTERCESSION. Or is it that wo do not boliovo tbo holy powor of intercession ?' Now, thon, what says our text ? "So long as Moses hold up his hands, Isrnol pre vailed." Tho forvont prayers of Moses blunted tho swords of tho onomy, drovo thomsolvcs liko a wedgo into tho battlo array of tho foo, lnado thorn to red, and gavo tho victory to tho wavering standards of Israol. And if . tho prayers of a Mosos nccomplishod that, should not our prayers, too, avail as muoh? God has" novor rotrnctcd n syllnblo of his promisos; faithful prayors can oven now cast tho bnnnor of tho drngon in tho diist and plant tbo standard of tho cross upon tho walls. - And Moses stands not alono in his intercession. Lnlvnndnr. litndi nrinn tho bill ot Sodom, stands Abraham interceding with bisQod, and with his supplication bo prays Lot out of tho blazing city. And shall succoss not also crown our prayors in that wo, too, shall pray our comrades out of tho firo of battlo? Look towards Jcrusnlom, whoro kneols tbo youug community of Chris tinns — thoir loader, thoir fathor, lies n prisonor in tho dungeons— and bohold, with thoir prayors thoy call tho angol of God into tho prison, and ho loads out Potor uninjurod. And shall not, thon, our prayors, now aud to day, have tho powor to hurst open tbo doors of tho distressed, tho imprisonod, and tho persecuted, and to put tho angels at tLioirsido ? Yos, tho God of Agos still lives ! Our Groat Ally still reigns — thn holy God, Who cannot lot sin and outrage triumph, but will guido Ilis holy causo against an unholy nation — tho Al mighty God, Who can reach through tho strongest walls as though tboy woro cobwobs, and scatter tho' mighti- est hosts as though thoy woro hoapsof sand — tho merciful, faithful God, Who boars in His fathor-hourt tho weal and woo of His children, Who hoars ovory sigh and fools with ovory need. For vont prayers Opon that father-heart, aud it is full of lovo. Yos, faithful, persistent prayers — they bring down tbo living God from heaven and place Him in our midst. And whon God is with us, who can bo against us? Well, then 1 Aloft in towors upon tho mountain heights thoro hang weird bolls ! Novor by hand of man havo thoy boon rung, Still aud muto thoy rost tho whilo tho sun shines. Bub whon tho storm- wind comes, whon tlioy bogin to swing, thoy bogin to ring, and men far down in the val loy hear tbo clangour of tho bolls. God tbo Lord has bung in ovory hu man heart tho bolls of prayor. Yot, in tho sunshitio aud happiness of Iifo, how oft thoy hang tboro still and muto ! But when tbo storm-wind of troublo breaks forth, thon tboy bogin to ring. Just ko ; many a comrado who hits forgotten to pray will onco mora olasp his hands in tbo strugglo of lifo and (loath. Nood teaches prayer. Ho may it bo at homo. Not moreiy now and then in tho fostal hours — uo, no! Lotus bo faithful in prayor. As our fathers of old in times of war sounded tho bolls eaoh evening, and at thoir olang bared thoir heads and prayed, "Abido with us, Lord Jesus Christ, for now tbo ovon bus como." so lot us not for ono day forgot tho duty of intercession. Mosos hold his hands until tho going down of tho sun; thon had'JoshuasmittonAmnlck witli tbo edge of tho sword ! Our strugglo is not to bo ended in a singlo day. But lot not tbo bands bo weary nor sink until tho victory bo won. Let our prayors bo a wall of firo about tho camp of our brothers! How it will strengtbon, inspire, iu- flamo them, tho thought that thou sands — nay, millions — at homo bear us in thoir suppliant hearts! Tbo King of all Kings calls, " Volunteers to the front ! Who .will pray for tho Empire?" Oh ! may it bo our caso also i " Tho King called, and all, all camo." Lot not ono of us fail. " Whoo'or can pray is a man to-day." Tho history of tho world will one day doscribo tho battlos of thoso. timos. But man only seus what is boforo his oyos ; ho can only tell what tho wis dom of tho leadors, tho courago of tbo troops, or what tho keonnoss of tho weapons has done. But otornity will yot rovoal still more— it will show to us how tho hidden prayors of tho faith ful have heon a mighty powor in thoso battlos, how tho anciont promiso oft fulfil itself, 11 Call upon mo in troublo, and I will deliver the©." Thorcforo, porsovero in prayer ! Anion. Aftor a special supplication for the army in China, tho Kaiser ropcatod tho Lord's Prayor, pronouueed tho Benediction, and closed tho servico. 