DBAWINGROOM ENTERTAIN MENT. ADDRESS BY liEV, G. WHEATLEY. A most enjoyable drawingroom en tertainment was held yesterday even ing in the Masonic Hall. 1 he ball had been tastily decorated, and the seats had been grouped about the room, small tables being provided for those j who might care to indulge in parlour \ games. An innovation in such enter tainments was the distribution of periodicals amongst those present, so that therercould be no excuse for any one present saying that they had noth ing to occupy their attention during the evening. The attendance was large in spite of the very inclemenf wea her. The Fev A. W. Bray occu pied the chair, and there were also on the platfoiiu the Revs J. Bufton, FL.S-, and A Buchanan. Afier a short introductory address by the Chairman, the Rev G. K. Wlieatley said that he was afraid th»t some of the audience might be disap pointed at the address, as it had not been his iutention to give them a humorous discourse that evening. He had chosen the subject of " Ghosts," j but he did not intend to give them any - stories that would in any way interfere j with their digestive organs. He nar- j rated a few amusing anecdotes in which he showed that ghosts were either caused by some unusual circum stances in which friends appeared in most peculiar guises to others, or else that under certain circumstances people were in a more susceptible mood than at other times. For instance, when a man was thoroughly run down after an unusuil heavy strain, he was more likely to imagine that he saw ghosts than he would be if he was in his ordinary health. He then passed on to deal with the " bogies " that existed in ordinary life. He referred to the bogie of capital v. labour, in which he said that the employers were always suspicious of and fighting against their employees, and the employees against their employers. He pointed out the immense harm that was caused on all sides by this bogie. In dealing with the figurative classes of ghosts, he said that they might be classed under four beads-the ecclesiastical, theo logical, politica', and social bogies No ghost had ever been invented by Satan which had done more harm in the world than that of orthodoxy, which might be placed under the first two classes. People were not alike in any way, their eyesight w s not alike, neither were their figures, and therefore it was only reasonable to suppose that they could not read God's word exactly alike, and yet the Churches, under the heading of orthodoxy, did their best to create a considerable amount of bitterness, because all the world did not say iheir particular creed or that they belo.ii.el to iheir particular church. They wer«J all going the same way and'mounting tbe same hill of truth, only they were not all travelling over the same path. He asked them all to break down the barrier of bigotry, and allow others to think and worship as thev thought best. He dealt with the Bocial bogie " equality," which he de scribed aB a ghoBt of our modern social life. He gave several amusing anecdotes to show that absolute equality was an impossibility on this earth, and he himself did not believe that it would even exist in heaver. One illustration that he u°el in bis arguments was that if two men who are at present penniless were to receive £100 each that would not meke tbem equa', because in the one case it might be tbe golden t<?y to open tbe door to absolu-e ruir, whilst in the other case it might lead to fortune and an honourable life. Men were not alike either in build or character, and those who preacb-d equality were only raising ghost?. He made an eloquent appeal to the young men and women present to try to do good to others, no matter to what efcurch or cretd tbey belonged. He concluded a most ©ioquent dL=cour<e with two or three pathetie stories illustrating the efl.'ct that kindness had upon thoEe towards whom it was shown. Later on in the evening he gave an amusing anecdote, which be called ' Trilby," in which he told the audience what to do with their mem bers in Parliament if they did not do exactly as tbey wanted. SjDgs were given during the even ing by Mrs Aylett, Mies Cohen, and Mr Humphries, and a pianoforte duet by M s? Wtndt and Mr Evanp. The remainder of the trening was spent in social chat and games* Refresh ments were then served round, and the entertainment concluded at about 11 o'clock. 