HIsoelIlaneous -~--+ Ile wae the ownuetn'sI nephI, and when Ie canmo to the ranch " to learti eomot}hing about raising onws, vou know," he i nei:.unanilnooaely nick nnamed. "The IKid," Shortly after hin arrival he cameo over to tho kitchen ono morning whilo Ihe boys weroe at breakfast and esouaght Pit", the sook in dismay. "I s?y, PFetr, havoe you eoen anything of my caniplnoratrd chalk I" "Your-how muchin " " My camphornted - nly teooth powdor." "Wbhot !night it look lik',' Kid7' : I,'s a wlhiteo powder in a little round tin, and ---" "\Well I be darned Say, where that tooth powder ? Why I ask yo pardon, Kiu, buth I thought 'teae bhkia' power and used it in the blnuitas I" * ine is a little butyric story told by a prominent Queenelaud politIcian at one of the convivial mootings of the frirlano Chamber of Commerco: ',Two frogs fell into a dish of milk* One of tile frogs was of the despairing helpless kind. lie battloi for some time anti then coming to the conolusion that the fates were against hirn, with a mournful croak hbo finally gave :up tie trugglo and the ghost at the same time. The other frog had a morn optimistic ideal. lie had no idea of giving in to long as he could. makeo a fight for existenoe, He there. fore struck out briskly, and kept goling so long that hle found blmeoll high and dry on a pst of butter. Io had worked' (or rather churned) out hisl own self ThAT there was no urgent need to send Australian MIislonarles abroad to look for a fieold of labour has just boon mnade manifest in the case of a family at IKiandra, who wore recently admit. tod into the Oooma hospital suffering from syphold fovor. 'According to the Oooma paper they dlsplayed a woeful ignorance of ordinary children's know lodge, Asked how many Oods there were, one replied two," the other " three," and another " five," " Where does Jesus Ohrist lIve l"-"In Syd noey and he has not been to Kiandra,'s They also said heaven was in Sydneoy'" whilst hell was located in Klandra, They evidently had in their minds " Lobb's Hole,"' sometimes called " HI-ell's Holo." The unfortunate chil dron, who could neither road or write, must have lived in the most deplorablo norroundlnga when typhoid fever could be contracted by them in a anow region situated 7000 feoot above the level of the son, Such a ease has never beeon hoard of before, and let us hope never will again, 