HAUNTED HAMPTON. HISTORIC .(}HOSTS AT THE PALACE. Thiil Hamilton Court Palace is reputed .to t>e haunted is by no" means-the le;ust of its many and undoubted attractions, and within the last few days some conster nation has been caused by the apparition of a spectral hand moving over the old Flemish tapestries in the Guard (.'hamber. According to the London "Morning Leader," 'an artist from the South -Ken sington Museum, who has until, lately been engaged in copying the. old tapestries, as serts that a ghostly hand-that of a ;woman, wearing, among others, a beautiful marquise ring-frequently appeared hover ing over The tapestry, so unnerving him that he has discontinued his work.. It is generally supposed in the palace that it is the hand of Catherine Howard, whose ghost has long been supposed to haunt the galleries. Catherine Howard seems to be rather troublesome, for not only does she appear, but shrieks wildly through the old mysterious '"Haunted Gallery." It was. here that she escaped from her chamber when imprisoned . there before 'being sent to the Tower, and ran along to seek an inter view with Henry V11L, who was hearing Mass in the chapel. Just as she reached the door the guards seized her and carried her back, while the ruthless husband, in spite of her piercing screams, which were heard almost all over the palace, continued his devotions unmoved. ' -And in this gal lery a female form dressed in white has been seen coming towards the Eoval pew, and just as she reaches .it hurries back with a look of despair, utiering unearthly shrieks till she passes through the door at the end of the gallery. The gallery is now the lumber-room for old pictures,, and as tlfe staircase is locked up the voice of the shrieking Queen is but rarely heard. Another of Henry's wives, Jane Seymour, also'haunts the old-world rooms; a spectre has been seen to emerge from the doonray in the Queen's old apartments, and wander about with a lighted taper in her hand on the stairs, and in the neighboring Silver stick Gallery. Another and better-known Hampton Court ghost, the accounts of whose appear ance are much more definite and circum stantial than are usually forthcoming in sudli cases, is tliat of Sibell Penn, who, in October, 153$-exaistly a year after Jane Seymour's- death - became foster mother to the young Prince Edward: She died at 'Hampton Court in 1562, and was buried, in Hampton Churdi, -which was pulled down in 1829, arid Mistress Penn's tomb was irreverently disturbed and her remains scattered, although pne account state* that the body had previously been removed. But whenever the desecration occurred, certidn it is-so the utory goes-that imme diately ;tfter the shifting of MittressPenn's monument strange noises, as of n woman working at A spinning-wheel, and mutter ing the-while, -were heard through the wall of one of tJhe rooms in the large apartment intlvesouth-wedt wing of the Palace. Wllen search was made- by the Board a£ Works in the direction whence these mysterious .sounds proceeded', an ancient, and until then unknown, chamber -nits discovered, in which an antique spinning-wheel "was found, -.md the old oalc olanks v.-ere seen to he wont way where t!he treadle struck the Hoor. The idea broached alt the time was that, on -account of the desecration of the tom-b, her spirit -h;td returned to haunt the rooms she had occupied during life. Xo further manifestations were noticed until a few* years ago, when the phenomena were renewed,, and have since become in creasingly frequent and startling.-The low whirr of an unseen spinning-wheel, the weird mu'tterings of a sepulchral voice, and the stealthy tread of invisible feet have been heard by many; and it is further af firmed fhat Mistress Perm's fall, gaunt form, dressed in long grey robe, -with a hood over_ 'her head,- -'and -long hands stretched oiit before her, has been seen in the Tiaunted chamber. This supernatural visitation- was rendered the more impres sive from the narrator being a recent ar rival at the Palace, and ignorant of (/he legend. The judgment of even the most sceptical has been shaken-.by BCstress Sibell's vaga ries, and sflie may 'certainly cfenrn to rank among the Tx-.st authenticated of historical, ghosts.' 