LYTTON ENCAMPMENT. k- '<.; TOO MUCH WEATHER AGAIN. V "' THE BEGINNING OF THE END. (By Our Special Reporter.)' LYTTON CAMP, Fnday Evening. " ilt was Dr. Johnston. 1 think, who »aid in his finely grandiloquent way that only au idiot would bioach the weather as <i toyic of convoisation. The present scilbc would amend that dictum by insertiuc; alter idiot the words- " or a phi.osopher." To his mimi,.a man's views ou the v/eathor afford a readier and not less reliable insight into lils character than could be obtained from 2ÚÜ page3 of biogiaphy. In the natuial order of things, a mau is happy when the sun shines, and miserable when it wins. If he is not, then thoie ¡3 a counter-in- fluence at work, which the " philosopher," by dint ol' an apparently meaningless query or affirmation about 'the weather may cause to be revealed In all its moods and tenses. Readers will ste at once the point of this reflection. The writer v\lshe3 to avoid tiia suspicion of being thought an idiot. He lias talked about the we^tner for days past. Once more he is frtied to revel t to the topic. But not foi Ion ii. it Is impossible to say anything îresh on the subject-that is, ol' course, anything printable. Let thfs suülce. Mr. Wragge gave us to understand it would be fine, it lias iamed the best pan of the day and evening, and the camp nas become for the second time au adjéctivally- hype nated Slough of Despond. And having no rea&on; to be otherwise, the most of us are as miserable as circumstances warrant. The eapiictousness oí the weuther is to be regietted' lor many reasons. It is un- fortunate for the new, Commandant. The plan of operations has been upset. Field manoeuvring, which is , par excellence the object' of the encampment, has up to the present been impracticable. It is disap- pointing also to the troops, to the cadets more especially.- The youngsters came Into camp in such high spirits. An hour and more before' " reveille" sounded they were romping about with an abandon that sleepers In the neighbourhood could not ta.l to appreciate. The morning, hazy but fine, ottered 'no obstacle to "the early parade. Thon^after breakfast came a Scotch drizzle, which, developing into a drenching down- pour, put a s'top to drilling, and necessitated, in- the case ot tue' cadets, the digging of trenches'- around their tents to keep the water out. > That done, the bud- ding soldi« a closed themselves in, and vented their feelings iii-snatches of patri- otic, songs, punctuated by poals of- laughter o\er some boyish gambol. They made the best of a bad business, as only young people know how. 'I rather under-estimated rho number of lads who dropped out of the Birthday parade. There were fourteen or sixteen of them, all belonging to the ¡stale Schools Coi ps. Their temporary weakness ,was probably due partly to excitement, and partly to the'fact that many of the Cadets, like their bigger comrades, had to stand in and wade through waterholes, which'covered their boots, and, in a few instances, i cached almost to their knees. " The completed parado state shows that yesterday's review was the biggest yet held of the Southern and Central forces. Of all anns there were .3005'men and Cadets. Oonsideiing that the establishment for the two districts named is under 41)00, the mus- ter Is ?not unsatisfactory., - PRAISE FROM THE COVERNOR. In General Orders to-night there occurs the following passage :-" It gives the Coin " mandunt much pleasure to notify to ,the troops in camp his Excellency the Governor's great satisfaction with the strength and ap- pearance of the force in the Queen's Blith day paiade. His Excellency fully appro» elated the disadvantages under which the 'present'camp has been, and is being car- ried out, and considers that lu the circum- stances, tho parade was in every way speci- ally creditable. The Commandant tenders his sincere thanks to all. ranks for their loyal co-operation." Lord Lamington, after parsing the night under canvas, iode out this morning towaids Wynnum, with the Commandant and Cap- tain Fmquhar, A.D.C., to watch the in- structional shell practice of No. 2 Field ¿Battery.- It,was understood he would after- wards continue his ride to town. AN OFF-DAY. - So far as work goes, this hus been an off day. Although the weather gavo us a tem- porary i espite, towards evening, the swampy state of the flats, and the slippery, slushy nature of the slopes, put drill out ot the question. The ra'n had no sooner ceased man the Cadets romped over the hill like prisoners escaping from solitaiy confinement, in the Infantry line3, the bands practiced in their tenU the music which they may give us. on Sunduy, and some of tho men pro- vided diversion in trials of skill at pick-a back. DEPARTURE OF COUNTRY CORPS. At half-past 1 the Maryborough ^company .of the Queensland Teachers packed up its kit and left us. It emliarked on the Otter, and was timed to Teach'Bilsbauo lor the !) o'clock train north. . To-morrow will see the beginning ot the snd. The Toowoomba, Warwick, and Roma companies of the Queensland Rifles, the Roma company of Teachers, and the Too- woomba Cadets are to enfeiain at Wynnum at 10 a.m. for home. Major Roe's Gram- mar School Cadets aie to move out at 4 o'clock, followed an hour and a-half later by the K (Port Curtis) Compa'ny of 'Mounted Infantry, the A and B Rockhampton Com- panies, the Rockhampton detachment, No. 2 -Army Medical Corps. The same hour Is to see the numerous body of State School Cadets, under Major Halstead, off by the Otter. The youngsters sitting on shake- downs of .newly served out straw, are spend- ing their last evening In camp as genially as possible. They are singing lustily, with no other stimulus than their youth. Their elder comrades in arms ¡n the infantry line^ are clneine .too and amusinir thom selves in other ways, with no other stimulus than a " tot" of rum. The " singing" mm bas boen a great success. Last own- ing-- there was no rum, and consequently no singing.» AMUSING INCIDENTS. Among the spectacles of tae day wer« two more-'or less eutertaining. In the morning a little cadet, carrying a drum-as big as himself, Avas stepping out bravely, beating the time for his coi ps, when suddenly he tripped, and turned a complete somersault over the drum. Happily the shock to lils ay-tern was considerably less than that to the discipline of the corps. In the afternoon the Submarine Minéis discharged ,several plugs of gun>-cctton under a tree on the Hat near the fort. Twice, four times, bix times, eight 'times, the gun- cotton sent a tremor through the earth and raised little mountains of debris about the hapless trunk, which, when night fell, still reared Its head to the region of 'the stars, its gaunt arms extended, as If in mute Imprecation on its destroyer». Then there came a final explosion, louder than any thal had gone before. It was too dark to see the effect of it from Headquarters Hill, and too near dinner to swim over the flat to investigate. But report stated that the tiee had grown impatient and given up the ghost at last. It is expected that the PTemier and several members of the Ministry will visit the camp to-moirow. 