[?] '.PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.) ' . Author of "A Strange Solution," "The Star Child," "Meresia," '.'When the' Blrd3 Begin to Sing," "The Great House of Castleton," &e.;, &c.; " . COPY RIGHT.) ; CHAPTER L— FROM THE BRIDE-- S : GROOM'S HOUSE. (The exhilarating strains of the "Wedding March V broke with a great volume of sound through, the lltle country ehurcli. It seemed; to fill every crevice and corner with Vlbta. ting melody, for the organist had. come -from St. Paul's. Cathedral, just as the wedding, pake hailed from Buzzard's and the bride's gown from Worth. - > . This was by no means an- ordinary .-wedding. The beautiful girl who had made her vows at the altar was a stranger In the midst of the good-hearted folk thronging toy witness, her nuptial festivities. ."' : ! "Don't you: know?" whispered an old wont0®, to a sightseer In the crowd. "She's belng htar-;, ried from Ills home, though they do call her an heiress. She met our Mr. Leach up In Lon don town, and he straightway brought 'erdown to Embermeade, aind she just crept Into the hearts of his people like a' moth into- a.blan- ket. She comes from Australia; arid the "old "(cove who gave her away Is Mr. John Morrow, her father— the only relation she lias in- Eng land.. He ain't- a bit like 'er, with his ugly red face; it makes a body wonder how he came by such a fine upstanding daughter.'-' . - Certainly so fair a hrlde had never before graced the' chnroj, at lumoerxiieude. She seem-: ""ad <o ormg with her an atmosphere of mys tery, this radiant woman from a far-off coun try. Rumour said' she had taken London bye storm; but whether the statement was truo or not, she had succeeded In annexing the- catch of the county, and conferred her hand upon him with supreme condescension. Kor. queenly bearing and exquisite grace of move ment made her appear to the simple-minded village folk like some fairy-tale princess. No sign of emotion had passed over her statuesque features ah she spoke the words of the msrrlage service In a low, clear voice. It seemed to thrill her listeners, who, seeing her outward beauty, could only guess at the sent satlons filling the Innermost recesses of .her' heart. ... When, In the vestry, Edward Leach .raised. her veil, and bont to the bright red-lips, 'she- lifted her eyes for the first time to his— eyes which glowed as if with sudden passion, stair'; like under the long lahhes, piercing his very:' eoul with their deep scrutiny. Then she turn- ' gd to Ills mother, and, kissing her 'warmly .'.onj both cheeks, whispered some tender -endear ment, which Mr. Morrow evidently ovei-v heard, for he blew his nose violently, wiped away a tear, and whispered to. on.' assistant' clergyman: "Ah! If only my poor dead wife could see our .child to-day.". As CrlstlB Leach reappeared from '.the' vestry door, the ever-ready heralding- words,' "Here she comes!" flew fronl llp'to llp.V All,'; eyes were turned in her direction, While she,'1 i smiling calmly, regarding the onlookers;, curlii f OBlty with mild interest. She, had the alr-Titf- some great actress bowing to the applaUders of her art. ' ' . Crlstlna's was a style of, beauty needing no embellishment from colour, ' The marble whiteness of her face, the cascade of ostrich ...feathers, soft and pure as 'snawfiakes,. gar-.' laildlng the long satin train, all were in keep'-' Ing. Crlstlna's was a face to dream- of— to glori fy, If possible, on a canvas, from the, chin,, sweetly rounded, to the brow crowned- by waves of golden hair. , v. . " 'Ain't she a stunner!" muttered the grave- digger, who reserved for himself a private: platform on a long stone. Blab In the church yard. "I reckon there's d deal o' temptation to Carry nbuut along o' such looks. Wouldn't care to be troubled with 'em meseif!" . , The peeping crowd peered even through the carrla'ge windows, to get a last glimpse of the Wonderful bridal gown, veiled with glorious old lace, and embroidered in silver, while strings of valuable pearls daugled rope-fash ion from the bride's neck, almost reachlngfto the jewelled girdle of crystal and silver, which hung from her waist to the ground. At last the carriage dashed away, and hand in hand they sat, man and wife, on the first stage 'of their new . journey. " . ' "HotV strunge It has all seemed!" murmur- led.yerlstlna',. adopting a contemplative mood. |. 'Rather like a pantomime, don't you think, and we' the transformation scene? Plenty of tinsel, plenty of show! Oh! those gaping mouths In the pit, the struggling figures In the gallery, we were only puppets after all. And yet " ;. „-,v."You liked, lti darling?" ' ;"Y(:£i\yes, of course," laughing softly. "This is" the woman's day; it goes without saying." , ;' ,'Then tliey . talked of the long, bright future .before them,' while he poured adulations into her ears. "I wish all. your old friends and ebmrades could' have been round you to-day," he said. ."I only want you," whispered artstlna, ' prtssling Ills hand, ."and Australia' Is a long _way. qi?, too far to come, .even for a weddlngl Some day we will go there together— perhaps next year— and I'll shotv 'you .where ;I spent my wild childhood. Tiding ponies barebacked, . and doing everything I ought, hot to have 1 done.!' ; ,' . The Uiive , seemed . all too .short, and the bride's reminiscences were curtailed by the carriage stopping and a tall footman flinging i open .the door., The lower end of the hall was banked up with flowers of all hues, white predominating, against a background of palms, while above Herr Gottlelb's Vienna 'orchestra discoursed, sweet music from a ve ritable frame of blossom and greenery, crown- e"d by large gold-shaped lights. The bridegroom led, Cristlna to a. long old- fashioned room, draped with silken' hangings of sage green, where even the flredogs were silver. There they waited In eacn other's arms till the arrival of ; the guests forced them buck Into the vorte'x of society. . "06 the day of gladness .whirled by, the last "God .bless you" fell upon their ears, and ; W)tli klnses burning her cheeks, and Hps Crls- 'tlna' weiit . forUi with Edward Leach, still wearing that; same mystifying expression on her pallid1: face. ' : . fipShe'l leant: 'out of the window, and smiled back at! h'er'hu'sband's friends, the smile .which had' woivhter many adorers in the past, the smllB'AVIth' which she intended to, conquer the ' woiid'in the iMture. " "Bhe is:.llke:.a beautiful angel," said the bridegroom's mother to John Morrow, who wdtelied ljla 'ddugliter's departure with the feady' tepirs .welling into his eyes. : ) ""And' as good as an angel!" he added, ' grasping Mrs., .Lench'fi hand. "Your son has , tvon a treasure! .Ho 'w'lll never rtgret liis . choice." . ' CHAPTER ll.—THE'END OF THE BEGIN- ' 1 NING.T" ' Cfisllha'. was pacing up and down fier luxu- fiopsly furnished boudoir, cus cataured'animals are wont to pace tlieif osgea. In heifhand she held aVtelegram,'whlch .every now arid again she opened, to re-rend.' She had only been a : few, weeks in : her new (home, for the delights- of the Continental honeymoon were prolonged .'.'by mutual-consent. ,. ; " ...The day was eloslngiri, and she paused a momefi't by- the' window;' to watch the twilight I 'creeping' over."1 the .country. How' quiet the -garden looked, silent and uneventful, wrapped In a shadowy gloom! Suddenly, conscious of a. dark figure behind her, Cristlna turned with .a little ci i' of fear. "Oh! Betty, why do you creep about in those horrid india-rubber shoes? You nearly frlght- . e'ned lite to dentil." The Old servant, who had petted Edward Leach- from baby hod, and Insisted upon mak- .ing a. factor in his new home, smiled some what grimly at Crlstlna's alarm. .."Your pardon, ma'am, and did you take me for it ghost?" she quered. . '.'Yes, I. have a childish terror ot bogies, "still," confessed the young bride In a confiding tone, which had won Betty's heart from the' first. '.'I find myself still peeping Into dark corners, for the creeply-crawly things. Do try and force these dear old feet of yours Into high, clattering heels." .: Cristlna laid her long, white hand "on the ; woman's shoulder, fingers literally glittering with jewels. Betty scanned the marble-like fuse through lier glasses, and Bhoplc her head. "It's your nei'vea," she declared,, adopting the, familiar tone of a privileged' ret'aln'er. "1 don't think you look near as well as when you came back, But there, what else, pari- one expect for those as take up with married life!" .. Cristlna snatched away her hand lndlg- naritly. : "I .afil quite well," she retorted, with em phasis, "and us to nerveB, I don't possess sucn things— yben people wear proper Bhoes." ; . "I 'enme. In," continued Betty, Ignoring the remark, "to Eoe If the shutters were cloBed; you'd like the lamps now, wouldn't you?'.' "Oh, yes. Everything must look bright and cheerful this evening, to welcome my father on his first visit. But tell James to leave the -right hand shutter open that. I may eee the' carriage lights coining up the drive. Do you know where Mr. Leach Is?"- "In the atables, ma'am. Lor', jblej)s you, It- wouldn't be Mr.. Eddie U lie waim't in the1 stables. From a little follow In .frocks he was- always one for horses. The folks- used to call' him 'Young Haruni Scarum!" '' Christina Toughed softly. 'and her .beautiful eyes kindled. She always encouraged old Bet ty.: to talk of Edward, and . showed the deepest Interest In' the BhiaHest anecdote concerning: her treasured husband. "That means a hare-brained person who eeares quiet Yolk," she said. "I feel rather like that myself to-night, and shall I tell you Why? It Is to.be an evening of rejoicing— of ! re- unlon'B— of 1 family happiness; for my I brother, whom I have not seen since X left Australia, is coming with father. I had this telegram not half an hour ago to say he ar rived In London last night." "Ah! that's good hearing! They'll come by the five o'clock train, I suppose?" . "No, Mr. Morrow Is staying with friends, about ten miles off, and my brother went there this morning; tliey will drive over. Have you seen all my arrangements, Betty'.' I've packed the house full ot ilowens to make it look festive. It smells like a wedding, doesn't It?" Cristlna burled her face In a great Queen Anne bowl of lilies— a wedding present .vase, set In a massive trellis work, with golden boughs of cherries wound round It In fes toons. . . - I'Tho table for to-night," she continued; gleefully, "is a perfect dreamt I arranged- it with my own lidnds, much to the disgust of James,. who thinks his decorations highly ar tistic,. Go and look, Betty. Turn on the elec tric light, and you will see the little coloured lamps glitter out from the .flowers and leaves like Aladdin's jewels in the fairy garden." As Cristlna was talking a step In the hall reached her cars. She swept past Betty, and Willi a cheerful "Is that you, Tod?" slipped he'r.arm through her husband's, and led him to the fire.' "You've been away from me for half an hour," she said, perching herself on the arm of .his chair and kissing him fondly. "I have been, ever— ever so dull \Vlthout you." Ho llung his arms round lier, and held her closely, while Betty, pausing In tlje doorway, murmured a fervent "God bless them!" be fore carrying the- story of their devotion hack to the servants' hall. "It's just beautiful to see 'em together," she snld, raising her hands and Iter eyes with pious enthusiasm. . "For all she looks so proud, there's no hoity-toity about her." Ci'lstlna, with glowing eyes,, spread out her telegram on Edward's knee. i "I am so glad, dearest," he said, reading the contents. "It will seem strange to your bro ther to find you married, and I shall be de lighted to meet him, you may be sure." She knelt on the hearthrug with the fire light playing on her face. "When I was in London the other day," she said, "1' bought you a little present, but was ulraid you might think It silly. You know I rather superstitious, and this Is a charm which I want you always to keep In your poc ket— for my, sake." ' She handed him an envelope. He opened It curiously,. drawing out a small gold chain and dangling, from It a fair-sized ruby, clasped by a gold claw. Cristlna swung it backwards and forwards In the firelight. "Look- at the' colours," she said. "A ruby wus supposed, you know, by the alchemists, to prolong life indefinitely." She kissed the jewel with a theatrical little gesture, and held It out to him. "Take, from my hands the Elixir of.Llfe," then quoted, In a soft, purring voice: " 'He that has. once, the flower of the sun, the perfect ruby which we call Elixir, can confer honour, love, respect, long life, give safety, valour, yea, and victory, to whom he will."' . "What a sweet child it Is!" exclaimed the man, taking his wife's face between his hands. "But you are (the flower of the sun,' and your Hps are. my. elixir, of life Still,- 1 shall trea sure the.ruby, darling, and never let It out ot my keeping." He dropped the eliarm back In the envelope, on which was written, ..'.'To Ted, from Ills1 ador ing wife," . and put both: In ,-.hls pocket to gether. . . ..' "They ought to bo bore directly," looklug at liis watch. "Not Just yet. You see, they aren't com ing by train, as I recently explained to the Sack-worm." "I can't think - why you have given poor Betty such a nasty name," he said, laugh ing. "I am a bit of a biologist," replied Cristlna, "and slie makes me think of a Saek-worm. It was quite funny to-day; I went, out In the garden without a hat, and that poor old thing came running after me, the white strings of her cap- flying in the wind. She muffled me round In an enormous shawl, which I discar ded the- moment I was out of sight. I left' It on a seat in the shrubbery. .Oh, how dread ful of me! The poor Sack-worm's best shawl too! I must fly and- fetch it before she dis covers, The- dew 'is falling, I might have left It there all night; how lucky I remem bered." Cristlna ran to the garden door, followed by Bounce,- Edward's Irish terrier, who had been sleeping on' the' hearthrug, curled round' against her gown. She picked up- her trail ing skirts, revealing a pair of dainty headed shoes and thin open-work stockings. "You can't' go out In those little slippers," cried Edward; "besides It is dark and cold. Let me fetch the shawl!" "How good of you, dear!" replied Cristlna. "I would' send one- of the servants, but I don't wapt Betty to know." : She snatched Bounce up in her arms, watch ing her "husband vanish in tbe gloom. Bounce struggled to free himself, anxious to be after his master, but Cristlna held him flrriily. " Then she called to Betty. "I wish you would shut Bounce up in your room, my fa ther has such a dislike to dogs," "Bounce was a great favourite with old Bet ty. who bore lilni away good-naturedly. Cris tlna' followed; to make sure the dear dog was- nil right and stood for a'- time talking to Betty on the threshold of her snug sitting-room. After this she returned to the boudoir and ; rang for a log to crown the great maBB of. I flaming ca&!, drawl . . .it'v.'T'i r» . 1 noas -or ner guests, l.c wiiid wu.. .„,;;;g -ut- side, and as she listened .for the, carriage wheels, she could hear -the -trees rustling and slgjilng, while the walling round the house seemed to ' Orit tlna like , a creature In pain beating Itself against tHp: window. She stood with one elbow oh the mantelpiece, and one foot on the fender, waiting — waiting. Presently, the long-expected sound broke on her oars, tli o crunch of wheels over the gravel, and the clatter of fi. horse's Jioofs. A half- trembling ;S)gh ns d£.:ifuppiTsse<l excitement broke from' libr lips, she iari out Into the hall, while the bell was still pealing. The wind rushed in with the opening of the dour, .stirring her luces. She could hear her father's voice saying: , "We haven't brought a man. "' '.Would you' send to the stables for.' someone to' take the horse?" . Two figures sprang down from, a high dog cart to the steps, and a riionieht'latei' Cristlna was greeting iier relatives with '.hearty hand shakes and affectionate "(kisses.,' . "How splendid to see you again, Albert!" she cried,- looking up at the' tall, '.dark bro ther, who appeared somewhat confused by the warmth of her greeting.- ''Yoiu., should have come back earlier, '"in time for. my wed ding — but bettor late .Uian never, so I'll give 'Wesslng. AAil-'hiow is the poor old dad? (helping him off with his overcoat, In spite of the footman's outstretched hands). "Getting over the loss of his'llttle Crls?" "By degrees, my dear; by degrefes; I am not as young as I was, and can't be .hurried. 'Many, daughters have done virtuously,' you know .the old saying, 'but thou- excellcst .them all! A man doeBn't lose his right hand for nothing, lie needs to' practise ; dolri'g without it!' But whete is Edward?"' , "Oh, he'll be here In a minute. Ted!" she called, '"led! Have you com'e'in?" No answer." "Never mind, I long for a little cosy chat over the lire with you arid Albert. What a lot we shall have to talk 'about' after our long- separation!" >'?.: . Slie took her-father by 'one hand and Albert 'rider, In order to ;slio\v them the way. I his is my boudoli'," She was saylp'g, when ., a strange "sound caiight: hSr,..:erir, ' and, she, paused, a wondering'expresslon on her face. "What was that?" . It. seemed as if someone 'had rushed wildly up the steps, and fallen h'eavlly against the hall door; yet for a inomcnt all was still. John_and Albert Morrow" stbod listening with Cristlna between them. Then, before either spoke, the bell-.pealed fu'rlilusly, tSvo hands were beating on the; door, 'and a voice cried, 'Help!" in loud despairing, accents. ,' The butler and two' footrii'riri came liurivlrig forward in answer to these1 signals of distress, but Cristlna- was before them. „ Her eyes alight with courage, her fa'ee"flush"ed by sur prise, she flung hack the'-'riiasslve door. A man staggered in. white toi the lips and hat- less. unable to "speak frdhi rrinhlng, ' arid dizzy with some nameless terror, lie looked at them each. In turn, »panting, shivering, dazed! " "Who Is It?" whispered Albert. "Millard, the gardener. ,He must be mad!" replied Cristlna, shrinking' back, "ctr," struck by a fresh idea, ' "something may have hap pened." - : She moved quickly to his side, a sudden fear seizing her, and putting " her hands on his shoulders- shook the fiuaklng 'figure standing speechless In their rilldst. ' 1 ' "What's the' matter?— Speak, man, can't: you, l'or God's sake." Her voice broke off as the one awful word; "Death!" fell from his Hps. . "Death! Death!" he cried, "and murder— ay, murder! Down there , In " the shrubbery," pointing through the open door out into the dark,- windy night. "They're killed him dead; — the master— the master— and I tumbled, ay, tumbled— oyer his poor body ag'In the seat." A sharp, shrill sotam stirred the air, r.e- eohoing again and again Svlth blood-curdling distinctness through the hall— a scream which brought men and women running to the spot, some huddling In little groups away from the central figure of tragedy, otherp with out stretched arms ready to support their, grief - stricken mistress. But she pushed them all aside, and, grasping her father by -the hand, dragged .him out through the open door. "Come! Come!" she gasped In short, hyste rical accents. "It can't b'e true; we must see — see for ourselves. I won't believe It until I seel" The household followed; hurrying hither and thither, while Crlstinla's agonised cries still pierced the gloom. Old Millard, the gardener, grew calmer as the general confusion indreasecl. He panted out an explanation to the; butler. "I raised an alarm at' the stables first on my way up to the- house: -"I snouted to the fellows nigh loud 'enough to Split my lungs, ,fnf i eonM cce nqthln" but the mrister'b white face and the blood<on 'the ground.- They are bringln' 'Im- back now, but I came on ahead to break It gently-like to the poor lady. She'll take it hard, you'll see;- she'll take it- hard. The police and a doctor will be here In a mi nute, for Jim was off on hls- bicycle before the word 'murder' had" scarcely passed my Hps.- The scoundrel can't 'uve got far — curee'im— who stuck a lonife into the best heart heat ing:" The old man burst Into tears, but the sound of Ills sobbing was carried away by the 'wind, whleh droned Its doleful dirge, through the- shrubbery tree3. CHAPTER III.— BROUGHT HOME. The village being close by, the bicycle- herald reached the police, station a few mi nutes after Millard gave'.the atarm. The chief inspector WMs startled by the energetic young stableman rushing Into the olHee, with the startling assertion that Mr. Leach had been murdered so short a time back that the body was still warm, and the assaEsln could not yet have escaped from the neighbourhood. Inspector Cadmore was, a sharp man, and the word "murder" fell on his ears with a plea surable sound. There had been so little crime during the past few years that inactivity whetted his appetite, and made him hungry for the missing food. Giving Ills men swift orders to scour the surrounding country, he went hurriedly to the scene of the disaster, arriving simul taneously with the doctor, whom another messenger had fetched. No clue or sign of 'any kind remained on the spot where Edward Leach fell, only the blood lay still damp upori the autumn leaves. But further on investiga tion showed large footprints, as of a heavily- booted man, crossing from the murder spot to the highroad beyond. These big bootmarks could only be seen where the autumn leaves were swept In heaps; arid the path, low-lying, near d small stream, became boggy under foot. Tbe body had been carried straight Into Crlstlna's boudoir, and laid upon her sofa. Be tween the shoulders a deep wound, Inflicted by some sharp Instrument, showed that the un fortunate man had : been- attacked from be hind. His Svutch was missing, and some loose money from his bveoBt pocket, but not the ruby, given to him by Crlstlna's loving hands less than an hour ago. ' As' the searchers put the ' envelope aside, In whleh the little jewel lay concealed, her fond Inscription met many a sympathetic eye. How she had adored him!, What would, her life he now— this poor distracted woman,, who crept to his. side, with. eyes. staring. and va cant, limbs trembling, "and face aBhen! Her' father tried to keep her, back, but she resist ed all his efforts. .. . . "Cristlna, my darling ohlld," he murmur ed, feebly, "don't come here; It's— It's too hard for you, beyond all bearing. Later on you slia'll see him: but not yet— not yet!" She waved the old. man bank with unfalter ing determination, passed blindly by doctors, police and awed attendants, till she was face to face with the lifeless body. Unsupported she stood, a pathello figure, calm at last, woltehing her loved one In stony grief. The Inspector, book In hand, moved aside to make way for her, and whispered to Mr. Morrow, Junior: "I should be glad to ask Mrs. Loacli n few questions later on, If she Is able to answer them." Crlstlna's sharp ears caught the words. She turned to hlrrj eagerly. "Anything," she gasped; "a!sk me anything. I am calm. now, can't you see? Quite calm, and I want to help you." Her protestations of calmness were contra dicted by tbe sudden twitching ot her ilpB, as she continued: "We must catch the villain or villains who have done this thing. Spare no time— no money; only give me the murderer, that I mny see him delivered up to justice. Heaven will not let the mat) .escape who has com mitted so dustardly a crime." The words came stumbllpg out In hot con fusion. She staggered, and would have fallen but for Albert Morrow's Interference. He put his arm round her., and kept It there, while she answered Inspector Cadmore's questions as to the moment l)er liusbandjefl the house, and his reason's 'for going out, &e.; "No one had a spite against him." she fal tered. In conclusion. "Ask everyone, and you will hear: he won nothing but love and re spect from all. But oh! \yhat cruelty to take, a life— so precious, so . dear— for the sake of such paltry gain! A watch— a haridful of money— and Gorrt knows I would have given all the money in the world to Eave him a pang!" Tears were coursing down- her cheeks again, and she allowed her brother to lead her from- the room. : "Take mo upstairs, Albert," the said, "and ;> ri'l let anyone come near me— not Betty or ....; of the servants, nor yet lather even." All right,". said Albert. Re conducted her In silence tu ilier room. SPiie crossed to the windows, and pulled down the, blinds/ It was already dark, und yet the action seemed sig nificant. Albert stood watching her In tne doorway. "Ilqa?e go," ' she1 sjtid, almost crossly, drawri'iup to lief full height on the white hearthrug, with the firelight making patterns on her eoloured gown. "There Is nowhere to go," he replied, think ing of the confusion below, the atmosphere of mystfefy; aiid the. lillluente/of Death iri.every corner; "May 1 riot sit bore with you?" She shook her head. "No." , Ho turned away without another - word. That was all he had said to her since Edward Loach'' whs . brought back stilt and cold, -look- iny;, nevertheless, much the same In death as in life. The colour lingered still in his face, not an unusual occurrence with those cut off suddenly by the hand of an assassin. In full health arid strength, with' the joy of his new happiness yet ripe in his heart, Edward, ever good-spirited, popular, beloved, had stepped without a pang Into the land oft the great un known. This could be proved by the doctor's report, who subsequently assured Cristlna death whs Instantaneous. While the widow sat in solitude, brooding over the terrible events of the afternoon, every pnoslble means of running the criminal to earth was set on foot. The London police force were Immediately acquainted with every detail of the crime, and Mr. Morrow with ills son decided- to remain at the house of sorrow in order to render every assistance and . give what consolation they could to Mrs. Edward Leaeh. CHAPTER IV.— BAFFLED. The thrill of excitement which had burst upon the horrified populace when the news ot the murder was first; noised abroad subsided as time slipped on. Tongues grew- tired nt last; of commenting upon the mystery; con-; dolenccs were exhausted, and' the well of tears dried,.. ; . , .. Earnestly and diligently' the police force |.worked"ln. pursuance of their task, but every 'effort proved fruitless. The blood-seeker . seemed to have .vanished Into thin ,alr from the moment his' huge footmarks were lost in the general contusion of a wheel-riddled, hoof- troddeii road. No suspicious character of any lclnd or description had been seen about, and so at last even the arm of the law owned defeat. ' . Cristlna had stayed on after the funeral' painful as the . associations were, following each move towards discovery with an .excite ment pathetic, to witness. At last, she felt a certain hopelessness fall upon lie'r with the rest, seeing the flagging, of zeal as dally dis appointment continued. " "No news, as usual. I suppose?1.' she said, during the last of her many Interviews with Inspector Cadmore. "I am sorry to say none; madatn," he, ans wered; and It was gall and wormwood to him to make the assertion. ' v , -"Then you are baffled— absolutely, entirely baffled, by some miserable tramp, haunting the byways and private grounds of this neighbourhood In search of prey?" . . "Madam, the 'miserable tramp' has been too clever for us and the whole of London put to- gother. I accept the position, and. frankly acknowledge our failure. I think now there is small chance of our arriving at any satis factory oonclusien. "With your sanction; I should suggest we give the matter up;" Cristlna looked him straight in the eyes, and her steady gaze troubled 'him. He feat strangely Insignificant ; and humble, despite Ills uniform and manly build. He was over six. feet high, and of Imposing appearance, yet the girlish figure in clinging black awed him unnaturally by her implied scorn. "I want to go away," she said, "and never see this place, never hear of it if I can help again. But I made a compact with myself 1 would not leave, nor let my father and bro- ther do so, until we had done our utmost to solve, the mystery of my poor husband's fat©: if ypu can do nothing more, certainly we are powerless." Inspector Cadmore bpwed assent. He mur mured a few civil words of regret, aud quitted her presence blushing like a girl, Cristlna hardly noticed he had gone, but remained motionless in her chair, until her reverie was disturbed by the entrance of Betty. "No news, I suppose, ma'am?" she ventur ed to inquire, the ready tears rushing to her eyes, . . Mrs. Lieach shook her head. \- "They say, ma'am,, that ydu're golng away for good and all; 'that, the place and - every- tmngln it is to bo sold. Pollcs gossip won derful in. these, parts, and so I makes bold to: ask if you'll give- me permission to contradict such assertions when made in my, fearing." : , .Cristlna moved with ah impatient gesture.) . It Is quite, true,. .Betty, so you can. spare .your breath. I am going to give everyone notice to-morrow, and the house is already on .the"tnarkex. I have received a shock here from which I shall never wholly recover. At one-time. I thought I couldn't face the future alone. I almost destroyed myself in my agony of mind. Can you wonder . I . want to ily to a new life. to t--y and divorce myself from the haunting misery, the maddening regret'of the past? I. sent him out to fetch your shawl, Betty;; but for my carelessness he might have been saved from death. It is that .whlcn burns into my brain and makes me pray for iorgetfulness. -If 1; could blot out all memory, even the recollection of my great happiness,' I should thank God. And so I am going to part from everything whlcn reminds me of my ill-fatec darling, and try to take up the burden of existence elsewhere— for father's sake." ... . . Betty stared dumbfounded. Crlstlna's plans fell upon her ears like a thunderbolt.. "The police," continued the even voice, "are baffled... We must never expect now to find the brute who killed my husband in the dark." She hissed the words through her teeth. A quick unexpected smile -broke over old Betty's withered features, and she stretched out her hand as If the spirit of prophecy hud descended upon her. "Never expect— ay, that's the best way. But there's . something . here"— (tapping at her heart)— "which tells me plain, come weal, come woe, before my day's run, I'll see justice .done, »and the demon quaking In the dock. I dreamed'it last night — the judge in the black cq.p, and the criminal— I saw his wicketd face " "What was he like?" cried Cristlna, leaping to her feet. . "Ay, the dream broke and went. Now it most-like runs Into confusion. "And the rest will go the common way of drearns," added Cristlna, sinking .back into her chair. But Betty-shook her head. (TO. UK OONTIXl/KD.) 