ON THS TRACK. STEEDS I.V TIIAINING. AT I'l.EMINGTO.W ®eavF thunderstorm and rain early this morning made tho trucks a trifle dead,- Mill several gcod gallops vrcre exocuttd. Severity was the ffrst to open nrocecdlnea br covering a mile on tho tan In imln. ift!l«aCC ®"u..Vcca,'st ran n sard :ni!u jn Imln. 49li»fu. At tho end of which the Utter re ined to be ROing quite a well as his companion. Maltstur and dean Sweep, after cantoriug a wii h?k 10 ,la" hU out f0f ancUlPt' circuit, which they traversed in Imln. «sw. The J,oa?l!t N alley Cup winner, who bad the tnstilu berth, which Is nn appreciable aJvantnge, was qulii as good as hU more highly-thought of stable mate ct the finish. Scobiu must now rc- uVrby,3t kctplns ,ll xa ''' "cnzitie in tho Phljibeg waa Imln. &«bcc over a tan mile. J rilusive covered 4 furlongs Ut fiS'&ic.;, and Kinioy ran 7 furlongs In linlu. 24iec.' but ,c 5501 <m'r furlongs in slow tluie, Dahdy, Argo ccd Acsline traversed a tulle In linln. »»£fee.. tlnisblcg tn the order written. Scientist w«nt the first half of the Journey and then pulled off. Altitude defeated Floradora over 4 furlonRs In 61141., ami .Miitlades ran a like distance In Mace. Nyraagec. Hocklclgh and Ileauba wcro w- Bcther at the end of 4 furlonRs. covered in LI Laborer was well in frant of Fides in a mile gallop done lit Imln. Slrcc Snrnsv.it| and War Grid started away to. gcther on the sand, and alter negotiating r. furlongs in Imln. ?isoc., the latter was eased up. end tho Cup hurto going on completed a mile and a half la ifculn. 4<ILsic. What's That and The Maine hepped over 4 furlongs in Kscc., and Fadladccn did useful work over a mile and a quarter. Duttcrnut tool, imln. 3»£scc. over 6 furlongs, and Gunlork and Llppca rattled over 5 furlongs iu imln. £!D(-c. Harbarocaa ami Tarquln tncorap.iand n stna' mile In train. EOiec. Neither attccjpwd u beat the watcb. but I thought the colt went very nicely, lie will keep the cracks moving in the Derby. Dozon ran 1 furlongs In Mbiscr., whilst Dlack Watch and Cadcnu traversed 6 fur longs in tmiu. "liscc. Contrust did some half pace exercise, but (Irarspan wa weir Jn front of HautaJn at tho end of lu)f-a-tr.lle left behind In 6cr. Acumen oi:d CIntra had a go over S furlongs, which the laurr carved out In Imln. Coerce. Going on Uie latter completed a ubcIuI it (ur- lllue Metal went over a mile In train. The Chief, on the tan, covered a similar dis tance in imln. 53-joc. Lt Carabine gave The HrlJe a "doing" over 11 furlongs on the sand In fraiii. 22>:>cr. lies traversed half a mile la Slseu., ejjd The Union Jack got to the end of 8 furlongs In Imln. 19/cc. - Fleet Admiral never gave Pearl Skipper a ghost of a chance In u mile and a hulf gallop on the tan. negotiated in t'min. 6Sl£sct. Old Fleet Is going really welt Just now. Lord Hudulph and Ornament took Imln. 224 see. over 0 furlougs. Arthur and Datmrny had a school over hurdles, an did Accumulator. and .liavclock. Dorrunuo ran a mile and a half In 2mUt. CO see. Chlllagne went the flrat part of tho Jour ney, but having all the worst of the. weights he wa early in trouble. Lamlicape brought the Cup candidate home the last G furlongs, and, of course, defeated him. Haute wo ran a mile In Imln, Cdsee., and The Geisha wa In front of The Coralcan over 6 furlongs lu train. Sscc. Dirk Ilaramcrhand gave Paul Pry a most de cisive beating at the end of 10 furlongs, encom passed In ?min. ITscc. Lygnn wo In front of Gaulcon at the end of S furlongs, got over In train. Msec. Iodine nnd Mini' slipped over Ihe last 6 fur longs uf six in lmin. "zee. Mario Corclll skipped over half a mile In &t; Albcrton was train. Kscc. getting over a mile. 