BAPTIST CHURCH. \--o:o- "BRI.OPENING" TE&.MEETING. A GREAT BUCCESS. Tn "re.opening" tea and public meeting held in the Breisbane.street Baptist Church on Thursdayevening last were far more sacoeessfl than the most sanguine of the promoters had hoped for; As was stated in aecent issues, the heurch building has just undergone repairs and general renovation. These were completed lasBt waek, and the re-opening services were con ducted on Sunday last-the fourth anniveresagy, by the way, of the date on which the pastor, the Rev. F. G. Bockingham, preached his inaugural -ermon. Following up the re- openiogeervioes, a teand publlemceting,aslintimatedabove, were heldon Thursday ovenlnglast. Therewasa large and representative gathering at each meeting. The enhanoed appearance of the interior of the building was most faveoursbly commented ,upon by all in attendansoe, and the patrons iteely tendered their congratulations to the Church utlbsritles, members, and adherents upon the lmprovements which had been effeted. Amongst thoese who partook of tea were the Esae. W. Whale, R. Figgis, J. Glover, and F. G. BuThinghlm, and Mr. A. J. Stepehonson, M.LA.., and Mrs. Stephensod, Mr. T. B. Oribb, -.L.A., and Mrs. T. B. Cribb, and Mr. J. O. Cribb, bi.L.A, end Mrs. J. O. Oribb. The tables were supplied and presided over by tihe the following ladies :-Mesdames Foster, A. Sauudere, and 0. Fish; Mesdames O. Ivett, B. IFvt, end j. I[ett, assiseted by Miss C. Ivett; Mesdames F. G. Bockingham and T. Towell, aessisted by lhe Misses Bose and Millie Booking. ham and Ida Towell; Mrs. J. W. Hastings, aeest'J by biisc Shearer; Mesdames Beer, Sundmacher, and Bes; and Mrs. Gambling, ansisted by Miss Aloorn. THEe PUIC oEETINGs. The tea over, it was cnot long before the bu;lding was geot in readiness for the after meeting. There was a large and representative audience present, the chursh being crowded to the doors. Mr. T. B. OrJbb, M.L.A., presided, and there were with him on the plat term the Bess W. Whale, W. J. L.Close, BA., ]P. 0. Bolkirgbahm, E. Wilson, and J. Glover, and Mo?svrs. D. Webster (President of the Queenslanud Baptist Union), and Joseph Ivett, eecretary of the Church. Amongel those in the -bdy of tho chburch were :-Tho Rev. B. Figgle, ant [cecra. A. J. Sitephenson and J. C. Oribb, MM.L.A. Afater devotional exercises had been eogagecd in, the Rev. F. G. Buokingham stated that he had received letters of apology for un avoidable nbsence from the Revs. H. Yenng man, Lewis Hudson, J. Adamson, B. Bottomley, .J. B1. Sneyd, and J. T. Williams, and his Worship inbe Mayor of Ipswich (Alderman P. Brcv). The laitter, he stated, enclosed a dona ti~s so ae sensvatiou fund. Mr. J. Iv:lt said he desired to extend a very hearty welcomeo to all who were in attendance. Alf:cr ari absence of two months from the church building, the members and adherents were indoed glad to meet together again in their own place of worship-(hear, hear)-and erpece'.lly under such pleasing eironmsetanoes. Tne metier of renoevating the church had been u?oder the consideration of the asuthorities of the Cburch for some ooneiderable time. It wee in May elast when a de'finite decilion wes' ?r. rived at regarding the matter. It was then determined to raise, if possible, £100 by the end of December last, and, in the event of that being done, to have the first section of much needed improvements effeoted. He was pleased to tell them that the Church had euaseeded in the task whleh they set themselves to eo. eompllsh. (Applause.) The ladies of the Church raised £61 4s. by collecting, and £81 8s. 9d. by means of a bazaar, whilet other receipts to talled £6 10s. Id., bringing the aggregate upto £1012e. 10d. The original tender for the first4 peetion of the renovations wee £123 60. En traee and arohliteet' fees brought the amount up to £150, so that the Ohureh was short of the amount required to meet the sum by about £49. The money needed had, however, been paidt the requisite sum having been made up by some of the membere, who could be repaid at a future time. It was hoped that £20 would be raised as a result of that gathering. The second sees tion of the Imprevements, ineluding the resent ing of the ehoreb, would be eommeneed on the earliest poesible date., These, itwaes estimated, would entail the expenditure of another £150;. and when tee work was completed the churahb. would be comfortable, and everything would be up to date. In eonelneions, on behalf of the hrreh peoiple, be expressedappreeistion of the generous help whish had been given by the people of Ihswlah, The Chairman eomplimented the Charch, adherents upon tho eyetematie way in whiob they had gone to work in oonneetion with tbh e?ffeotingthe imnprovemente,ado ongratulated them upon tlhe or?ate appearanoe of thle aored bulldine. The e. W. 3. L. Olos, At., on behalf of himself nd the mnembers ane oongregstlio of the Brisbane-street Oongregatlonal Church, heartily congratulated the Baptist Church upoen what they had been able to bachieve in nuch a omparaltvely abshort time. They had etruok the yeote of progres, and he trosted that they wouldcontlnue to go forward. He hoped chat In ature they would have a fuller end richer manifeeltation of the Holy Spirit than they had ever e?perienoed hitherto. He would remind them that progress meant work-all at work aedall thetlme at work. In eonoluolon, he asid:.-" I would remlpd you that the gold anue we need for or work and the power we require to eficiently do anything for God and Hise Kingdom mae to be acquired by close per sonal tooh with our Lord Jesue Chriest." The 3ev. W. Whale reiterated the congrata Iationswhish had been tendered to the Chuarh by previous speakers, and then remarked that what they wanted, lollowingen what had been done,.was Holy Ghost power They could not do?ithou~iba powerin the soul. eearmestly counaelild his hearers to get linked to God by the oonpling of faith. o r. D..Webeter net spokea few indly words. oi enooumgBsuent to the ahuroh, and oaid that he ihed them, Individally and aolleotively, every suosess int the future. He also coograt lated them spon having seoh an exoellenb seeretary as Mr. Joseph velt. The Bev. O. . G. Bockingham said he wished to emphaslse the welcome extended to those present by Mr. Ivaett in the earlier part of the ervening. Whatever pleasure it might give others to see the improvements whiah had been etfected, their pleasure, he weeas eprtain, could not enoeed bie. His opinion was that the Church of Ohrist ehould be made as beautlitol as it was possible to make it, and he wee glad that that idea was shared in by the ofioere and members of the Baptist Church, and now they were able to meet in a place of which they were not ashamed. He candidly contessed that he had been a little ashamed at times when the people who met in the beautiful ohurehee in town came to the Baptist Chureh. But they were all welcome now. (Laeghter.) He hoped that the improvements would mean greater effiieney for spiritural work. He then tendered thanke to the Chairman, speakere, vilsitors, and all who had in any way iesseted toin onnectlou with the gathering. The singing of the doology and the pro nounoing of the benediction terminated the proceedings. . 