A NOVEL GHOST STORY. Authentic ghoBt stories aro apt to havo less ' point than tho ghost stories of literature. Hamlet's fathor does not revisit tho glimpses of tho moon for nothing. Banquo has every cause to trouble tho feast and tho conscience of Macbeth, and so on. Tales which havo no claim to classic dicnity follow these standard examples. Tho other world in fiction does not reveal itself unreasonably. In tho tele pathic recordB of our friends who bolievo in psychical resoarch somothing Bimilar may often be observed. Tho phantasms of the living, for examplo, if you onco grant thorn, may generally justify themsolves for somo thing better than caprice. With the few ghost stories, however, 'which como to ono's knowledge neither from literature nor from scientific associations, nor from mere hear say, the easo is depressingly different. Tho apparitions seem either very unreasonable or governed in their conduct by lines of reason ing totally foreign to any human habit. Such, at least, was tho case when about seven years ago a curious thing happened in a small town on the coast of New England. Tho incident has no rational meaning. At the same time it produced on tho people con corned an impression sufficiently marked to make it worth recording. Its very lack of , meaning, perhaps, gives it a tantalising odd ity of ita own. | Towards the end of one August a gentle man started a little after eight o'olock in the evening to call on some friends who lived a mile or more away. Ho drove himself in an ordinary buggy, and his horse was au ovory day animal from a country stable. His road, with which he was perfectly familiar, led \ down a hill, at the foot of which it curved towards a bolt of low woods, through which it proceeded for perhaps a quarter of- a mile. t After emerging from these woods it passed i through a region of stone walled pastures | to the village, at tho edge of which liis j friends lived. | These friends were sitting indoors, for the evening, though rather less dark than usual, was distinctly chilly. Their housa was quite new— so new, in fact, that the fence whioh now separates tho grounds from the highway had not yet been put up. In place of it a rough board fence, of tho height of an ordin ary country rail fence, had been knocked ! together for the moment. This structure, ' however, was by no means firm, tho boards which composed it were hastily nailed to posts at a considerable distance apart. At 8.30 or so tho visitor arrived at his destination.- Ho was a man of education and intelligence, and of unusually simple and regular habits. He certainly was not pos sessed of much imagination, nor was ho generally excitable. You would havo called him, perhaps, agreeably matter-of-fact in temper. His friends, then, wore surprised to observe that he was in a state of distinct ngitation. He had driven down tho hill, he said, with out adventure; and nothing had happened until ho had reached the edge of the woods through which his road passed. There ho had been startled by a sudden movement of his horse, which stopped short, and, appar ently in terror, shied to one sido of the road. Looking to sen what had startled the animal, which was now trembling, he perceived close to the front wheel of his buggy the figure of i man. This man wore a broad brimmed bat, which napped a little over his face; and hia body seemed draped in a long cloak, or 3ome such unusual garment. Altogether, in ' the dim light, he had an unuBual look. He , said nothing, so tho man in the buggy ' addressed him, asking what he wanted. He ' made no answer and no movement whatever. Meanwhile the horse kept edging away from him. Disturbed by this state of affairs, the driver whipped tho animal, which started ahead rather wildly. To his int-onso surprise, the figure remained close to the wheel. As tho horse dashed on, the figure glided on, at a, pace which no ordinary man could pretend to keep up, yet without either a Bound or an obvious motion. Then, as the driver's eye grew more used to the dim light, tho figure, thus gliding swiftlVsbeBide him, seemed, half transparent. At one or two points where the woods were thin he could see through tho thing — whatovor it was — to tho stone walls, and the trees behind it. He whipped the horse again and again, and the horse, which seemed thoroughly frightened, went at full speed. Still their unearthly companion glided on, until just as thoy wore emerging from the woods, it suddenly disappoaredr That was the whole story. A fact which afterwards transpired was not at that time known to any of the company. At this moment the spot where tho thing vanished is a small country lot, covered with a I tangled growth of low pines and underbrush. I A century or more ago, it appears, this lot, was a burying-ground. . | Whatever tho excited gentleman had really seen, his agitation was rather painful After about half an hour; however, it began to subside under the influence of sympathetic talk; and presently he said good-bye to the company. He was to leave that part of tho country next day; and he wished to moke another farewell call ortwo before proceeding home. So everybody took friendly leave of him, as they supposed for the season. Not more than a minute or two elapsed be fore he returned. Something, ho Baid, had happened to his horse; in the darknosB ho could not quite make out what the matter was; he should have to aak for a, lantern. So a lantern was procured; and.1 the whole company, whoso curiosity was thoroughly aroused, went out with him to see what had occurred. Tho part of the story which follows, then, had a number of witnesses; otherwise it would be as incredible as it certainly was meaningless. With equal certainty, however, it was distinctly and unpleasantly queer. When tho gentleman had reached the houso he had stopped his horse just outside the temporary board fence, whitfu separated the grounds from tho public road. Finding no regular arrangements for tying the animal, he had taken a rather long hitohing strap, whioh was in his buggy, and made it fast to tho top board of the fence. This proved to bo about threo feet abovo the ground on which tho horao was left standing. Tho reins, meanwhile, had beei tucked between tho splashboard of tho buggy and tho whip, which was standing in its socket. Thus left outside tho . rough fence, to which it was securely tied, the horso had seomod porfectly safe. But when its master hod como out again, something hud evidently gono wrong. To discover just what this was 'tho lantern had been brought, and the company had como out. Tho light of the lantern revealed a state of things which has never been oxplainod. What had happened was this: Somehow or other the horse bad bodily got over tho fonco and was standing on the ground' iriBido. The buggy, meanwhilo,remained outsido, and tho shafts almost touched the board which now separated the horso from tho vehicle. ? Of course, ono's first thought waB that the animal, which had shared its master's dis turbance, had 'got restlcBB and had jumped tho fence. But on careful examination no traces otj such restlessness were to bo found. Tho reins wore still tucked.not very securely, between tbo splnbhboard and the whip. There were no marks on either Bide of tho fenco whioh wouldindicato any violent move ment of the horso's feet. The fence, again, was too high for any horse to step over with out hitting it; yet it-bore- no traces of any blow from a hoof. What is more, it was so lightly knocked together that any violent movomont on tho horse's part would probably have pulleditapartjyetit wasasfirm as ever. In short, whatovor had really happened, tho appearance of things was exactly what would havo resulted from an utterly impossiblo occurrence, namely, tho bodily lifting of tho animal over tho fonce from the public road to tho grounds within. A certain faet is that the only-way Of re leasing the horso was to unharness him from the buggy and to lead him round to tho vehielo again through a gate some little distance away. In tho process of unharness ing, too, it becamo evident that tho harneBS had in no way been diisturbod. To explain the thing at all, in short, we had to conclude that while the gentleman was making his call and relating his ghostly experience somo misohiovous passer-by had taken tho trouble deliberately to unharness the horso, to lead him through the gate, and to harness him to the vehielo once more, and that, having taken all this trouble, the mischief-maker had proceeded or. his way. Very certainly, no one was near enough to bco tho ensuing contusion. Very certainly, too, no other bit of mischief oven remotely similar has been perpetrated in that part of tho country for over fifteen years. That this extraordinary occurrence, trivial and meaningless though it wero, should so instantly have ensued upon the ghostly visi tation of tho victim certainly made an un canny impression on tho whole company of six or eight people who stood by while tho unlucky horse was reharnossed by lantern light to the uninjured buggy. This process finished, everyone finally bade good-byo to their disturbed friend, who started alone on his homeward drive. So far as any of them havo over known, nothing further happened to him that night. Ono fact, however, re mains to be added. No one of that company, all of whom had known him well, ever saw him again. Before the noxt summer he had died. [The End.] 