_ FEDERATION. MEfIN( AT 1REMANTLE. ADDRESSES BY MESSRS. MOOR HEAD AND MORAN. In the Victoria Hall, Fremantle, last night, a meeting was' held under the auspices of the National League, to hear addresses upon federation'by Messrs. C. J. Moran and F. W. Moorhead. The hall was crowded, a fair number of ladies occupying the gallery. 'On the platform were Messrs. E. Solomon, M.L.A. (Mayor of Fremantle), J. J. Holmes, W. J. George, C. Harper, C. Y. Hubble, D. J. Doherty, Higham, and Lyall Hall, M's.L.A., Messrs. D. K. Congdon, R. Holmes, and T. Birrell Gray. Mr. J. W Bateman occupied the chair The Chairman; in opening the pro ceedings, said that the.meeting had been convened under the auspices of the Fre mantle branch of the National or anti Billite League of Western Australia. He was sure that they would give the gentlemen who had been invited to at tend and address them on the subject of Federation a patient hearing. He trusted they would learn something that would be both interesting and instruc tive from their discourses. There was no doubt that therm were many persons present that night who had diverse opinions on this most important subject. Re looked upon it as being the most im portant one that had yet come before the public of Western Australia, and it was necessary that they should attend meeting of that kind in order that they might be educated on the subject, to en able them to cast a proper vote at the referendum, which would be taken on the 31st of July. (Applause.) Mr. F. W. Moorhead, who first ad dressed the meeting, saitud that he re gretted exceedingly that he had not come there that mght with a better pre pared address than he intended to de liver. But, while looking at the assem bly, and recollecting that he was speak ing in the midst of a commercial com munity, and to men mixed up with mer c?ntile matters, it was not, after all, a matter. of such great regret, because he felt that when he was speaking to men who were to be intimately affected in their every-day life and in their busi ness pursuits by the adoption or rejec tion of this great question, if the few points that he had tq put before them were given in plain, unadorned langu age, they would have more effect than if set out in the tinsel of rhetoric. (Hear, hear.) It was not -his intention that. night to enter into elaborate de tails in regard to this measure. He did not propose to criticise the figures that had been adduced by either one side or the other. He would leave it to those who had. perhaps, more time than was at his disposal to enter' into all the minutiae of their financial relations. But he would say at the outset that he gave as much credit to the sincerity of purpose and honesty of intention of those in favour of the measure as he claimed .for himself. (Hear hear, and applause.) ,They were all Western Aus tralians now, having the interests of the country at heart, and from the attend ance at the meeting that evening, and from the numbers who had attended meetings elsewhere he was convinced that they were all bringing tQ the dis cussion of this question nothing but. a strong determination to do what they considered right to those who were to succeed them. (Applause.) Points for Consideration. He would now ask them to consider very briefly the nature of the Government which they at present lived linder, how they would be affected by federation, the benefits which were . promised to them, and the evils which would accrue to them, and he. would ask them then to decide whether federation was good for Western Australia. (Applause.) He admitted that in a discussion of that kind, affecting, as it did, their national life, they could not altogether eliminate sympathy. They would not be inheri tors of British representatives if sym pathy did not influence them in the dis cussion and decision of that question. But he would ask them not to allow sympathy alone to decide the question of federation. , Present Form of Government. He would ask them first of idll what form of Government did they live under. (A Voice: "Bad." Laughter.) Well, if his friend said it was bad, then he condemned every British institution which had reared up their liberty. (Ap plause, and cries of "No.") With their present form of Government, with the franchise which they now had--(Cries of "Oh i oh!")-they ossessed all the rights and liberties which were ever enjoyed or dreamt of by the freedom- loving an cients. (Hear, hear, and applause.) The representatives of Parliament were appointed by the people, who dictated to them what laws they wished them to pass, and who also had a voice in the selection of the executive officers. If, therefore, those who were entitled to the franchise aid not exercise their vote at elections, whose fault was it if they a.d not get good representatives? It was the duty of the people to compel , their representatives to respect their wishes. (Applause.) What more could ar m:na r-?nmmr with iour& In the Government or management of its own interests? They had representatives to voice their opinions, and they had an ixecutiveGovernment to carry out those gpinions. They could impose or remove any duties, 'and, to sum up the position, they had the control of the pursestrings. Let them calmly consider for a moment what was the effect of all that. With regard to" The Franchise, he regretted that they were only in the position to-day that they should have lTen in three years ago, and which they would have been in had the views which he expressed years back carried.weight. However, bý the present franchise law in. this colony, or, at least, by that which would be in force by thb time of the next elections, every adult who had been 12 months in the colony would have a vote. That meant that those.who had hitherto been disfranchised would be placed on the rolls, and that henceforth instead of the colony being governed by representatives of a small minority of the population, they would have repre sentatives of the people in the true sense of the term, to'control the affairs of State. And that being so, they must legisiate for the benefit of the people, and to do that he would remark, inter alia, they must remove The Food Duties. Now, if Parliament had got the power to remove those duties, which were pressing, they were told, so heavily on the members of the community, surely they were not . going to delegate that power to another body. to an alien people, who had no interests in comnnion, and who had no symoathy with them, as exhibited re cently in connection with the mail steamer question? Surely,' he asked those who advocated Federation would be prepared to place a better aspect on the position, before asking them to sell their birthright. (Hear, hear.) There could be no union where there was no a community of interests, and he would say that hitherto there had been no com munity of interests, as had been point ed out by supporters of Federation. Canada had been set up as an example of what Federation could do. But they had suf ficient reasoning knowledge to he aware that before an analogy could be selected, a parallel case must be presented. And where had they pointed out in the union of those States which now constituted the Dominion of Canada a single' State which stood in the same position to the others as Western Australia stood to-day in regard tp the other colonies?P (Hear, hear, and applause.) Before they could take the arguments as applied to Can ada as being conclusive, they must frst of all show that all the circumstances of the 'case were parallel wi.th the con ditions which they stood ir to-day. No person would deny that 7 ;er~ion had \- -" 'p done minh for Canada. - Np'bod associated with hiu si"onposing' Fede? tion would say that Canada did 'otjire sent to-day a better appearance, : better position in-the.--?ritish Empire, with Federation than :she~' id trenty yeirs ago. But 1by-must-iave placed " e fore-them the fact 'that somne of the States in that Federation presented to other states a cqndition iimilar to that in which Western-Australih that day presented to Victoria and New South Wales. What Community of Interests had the people of this colony with thost of the other side? They were told that they had a community of brotherhood of the same blood. But if a person was going into partnership to-miorrow in a, business transaction would he be 'satis fied to be told that Jim across the street' spoke the same language, and came from the same country. and was therefore a suitable partner? The same arguments which were applied to every- day life in commercial pursuits could be put forward in regard to ire wider and larger world of poinci . let them consider for a moment What They Gave Up ;: they entered into Federation with' the other colonies. He had told them the form of government under which they lived, and had pointed ou, that it was the neople's own fault if they did not get their wishes. Firstly, by fe derating we surrender our Justoim;i secondly, we give up the right to con struct railways wherever we nke; thiro ly, we give up the right to enco..age and foster our local mdustres by- ho nnses; and, lastly, there was a most important point, and one which hai reit been touched upon yet by any other speaker, and that was, we gave the right to the Federal 'Parliament to im pose what taxes they liked. (Applause.) and a voice, " They nave not got it yet, though.") It was said that they were heavily taxed in this*colony. He ad mitted that, but who could say that they would be less heavily taxed when the Federal Parliament took over their great undertakings? Who could s"?. that it would not impose taxes not alone for their indebtedness, but in conneo tion with many other mattersinciden~al to the carrying on of Federation? That point had been carefully avoided by those who supported the question of Fe deration, and it would be his duty that night to noint out the Dangers and Pitfalls of the Bill in its persent form. No one would be more pleased than h% to see a united Australia. (Hear, hear.) But he wished to see it based on justice, in order that their interests might bepro tected. (Applause.) We surrender our Customs, and we were told that we should get back three-fourths. That was based "uponi a calculation of what the upkeep of the Federal Government would cost, but he'ventured to say that, like the estimates occasionally:made is " regard to the construbtion of their own public works, when they came to the carrying out of them, it was found that, they had a very large margin to cover. There was no person in Western Aus tralia who could deny that the con struction of railways had done nm3ch for the improvement of the colony..(Hear, hear.) There were several parts of the country yet to-be opened up, and if they federated, who would guarantee to them that the Federal Parliament would con struct the railways that were needed. (A voice: " Father O'Gorman." Laugh ter.) The third point he would come to was, the faciltiating of industries -by, means of Bonuses. Those who had come from the.- oth"r colonies, Victoria in particular, would understand how certain industrin"had been built up in those places. (A voice:, "By more brains."). Yes, more brains with an absence of wool, no doubt. (Laughter.) The industries he meant were put on their feet with the assist ance. of monetary grants. Under Fede- ' ration Western Australa would ble ue nied similar privileges. This colony had only had the enjoyment of home rnle for nine years. Only within a few years had 'it been able to foster its industries. For about 40 years Victoria had had the benefits of protection, and she had utilised the bonus system to build up her industries. She had firmly established her manufactures and industries during those fostering 40 years, and yet Wes tern Australia, who had been endeadvour ing to find its industrial-feet during a brief nine years, was asked by the federalists to submit to the competition of the older colony. What Would'the Result Be P If to-morrow we were to have inter. colonial freetrade, the industrial wel fare of this colony would be materially affected. Even the federalists admitted that. Mr. Gardiner in his speech in Perth had admitted that half our indus tries would suffer. Yet about the only practical benefit to be received in ex change for the crippling of half our in duitries was to be the removal of the food duties. He contended that if the federalists could not offer anything bet ter than that as compensation for the crippling of half the colony's voung in dustries by the acceptance of federation, then the people ought to keep out of it.' (Applause.) Federation meant the tax ation of foreign products-and foreign products meant British lroducts also so that the products of Australia might Le further fostered. But it would be the Eastern colonies who.would.benefit while intercolonial freetrade woild meian for Western Australia the destri'ctiodi of her industries, the thiiagin'of her population, the stoppage of the cnltisa tion of her soil. the c'iosrin of he- funr ther progress. In face of the serious loss which federation would entail upon the income of the colony. How Was Revenue to be Got ? (A voice: "Tax the land.") He was afraid that the gentleman who inter jected did not understand what he was saying. Amongst other fresh sources of revenue an income tax had been men tioned. How many persons were there in the colony with incomes o-er £300 a year. Not many, he ventured to say.. An income tax tvould not yield more than £40,000 a year. What, then. were we to fall back upon ? The federalists, as he had.before remarked, said that federation would mean the_ abolition of the food duties. He tool it that West Austra lians were a practical people, and they would ask themselves what else they were to get. He would tell them a few of mue things they would get, and he desired to particularly appeal to the ladies in this connection. We would have a dear wardrobe. (Laughter.) With substan tial taxes upon foreign products, linen and dresses and hats, with the accom panying feathers--langhter) -would become dearer. More would have to be paid for cutlery and ironmongery and such necessaries of life as sugar, tea, coffee, and kerosene. But the federalists tried to reconcile the people when they. contemplated these thines by saying that the duties would be abolished upon cheese, butter. eggs-and chaff, (Lanuh'ter.) He trusted that the people would carefully weigh the argumenti that the federalists were nlacin' before them before they became caught with the claptrap of "one flag-one natJmn." He desired to say a few words on the Cmnstitutibnal Aspect of the Question. The Federal Parliament would "con. sist of two Houses. In the U-ner House there would be six renresentatives from each of the States whilst the Lower House would hare a population representation. What would that mean to small States like Tasmania and Wes tern Australia ? They would be prae tically at the mercy of the larger States. Fate of the Smaller States. If we had not a community of interests -and we had not at the present time he again asked what would become of the smaller States?- The answer he ven tured to say, was plain to any reason able man. One danger was present, to his mind. If federation came about, Fremantle and Perth might become de nuded of ponpuation; their -cople might become lessened. so as to give the goldfields a majority of the nopulation, and then the separation which had been so much talked about and displayed as a danger, might come about. (Hear, hear, and dissent.) That was no idle dream. If the question of an altera tion of boundaries arose, it could be submitted to the people to be effect ed, and they were told that on the gold fields separation was r'llly preferred to fseeratioh,- if the latter meant con tinped union-with the older parts'of the lolony.' If' that: was 'so, and Western' A?utralia entered into the' federal bond, who was there to say. that, with the hos tile feeling prevalent on'the goldfields, heA separation of,tliose fields would not accnr within thre'e years P Shippinr Laws. We' would give to the Federal'Parlia mcpt tae-sole right to'make our ship pming laws. iHqw might that affect Fre mantle'P .. The mhail steamers were to cosie there against the wishes of the Eastern :colonies.. The Germans had ben . ing for some time, and the P. n2 O. 'and the Orient boats> were to come. What. was" there to prevent the Federal Parliament from insisting that thd' P. and O. anid the Orient 'boats should 'register thbmselves at Freman tle?' 'That Parliament might declare r'that thoe 'steamers, if they made 'Fre nanitle .their first port of 'call in Aus traia,shaould not.take away passengers inltess tey'registered themselves at that port., The great English companies, he:took it, would not register at"Fre mantle -(A voice "?hat is a. good bi-it," -and another- "No;. they wobld never be' asked to register at every port- they called .in.") What womnd follow? The steamers would leave Fremantle, and, go back to Al bany. . COh I ohl') He was sorry .to .a ear in the guise of a prophet 6f evil;. but)ie must point :out any pitfalls which he thought awaited the people of Fre ma inte. Intercolonial freetrade would' mean the'giving of an advantage to colo nsal products at the expense of foreign prodnctas. "(A voice: "Quite right, too. ") Weg? there was. another side 't the Suestion. The. bringing of the foreign products to our. shores meant much trfde iniabipping. Federal 'freetrade, by' shutting out the foreign articles, would mean ,decreased shipping, because se .)ked,. would' the oversea ships 'con tinue to' bring goods here which' .they cuu.i not sell? ?How would Freitfantle be "affected. then Its tra4e' rould fall'?.' off and it ~might find 'italf.: with w a a deserted roadstead. ih s, then, became 'of their shipping? He.? as 'very much afraid that :they wduld have left to.them an empty road stead. (Dissent.) He found, on a pe rusal:of the :Act, and on an examination of the arguments:.that were.prolduad frbim' tiie td. time,.)hat they ;?';id 1i ve fo• 'a time certain. cheap .articleq that he bihd enumnerated, which would co-..e to ·cbhpen thqir breakfast table. i On thee.other hnd,'they would have oller articles.' which-were as necessary, in cieasedi~n: dvpue..;' On the ;rhol,?. ,etve hwould 'haeehesper living, and then, he asked, w ohd ,be the h'e :,Effct :ohthe Working Man~ (Hea?? her:;), They should .Ale.l : that English mining machinety w'.lid have a,.vry ei eaTy duty,. Thersf.,re, they= would' have oc the fields an arg-. mbht ii" the .mouth of. the'-mine-awner that machindre was no longer procnr able as cheaply as'it was, backed ~p by the assertion' that the cost of living was now reduced.' The mine-owner would notd entei; into a discussion nas to by hon Atich it" was- reduced. Hie would *,'y, "'The-adst= of livinii has been reduced,' nid whaf was the:-result?" Mr. M.athe sodfsaid h'at'it"would be reduced by 2s.' per 'eek.- The mline-owner would sin round and say "Twill put you, on'the sndie level as te miners in ictoria In'1 elsewhere..= and reduce you £1 per week"! (ear, hear.) That was a mat .tei. fdr, 4e"wage-earner to consider. He wasasksd' how F'ederation would affect th"'.wolkir'.' of :Western Australia. He asEied 'tlin-to cohsider what he 'had al ready. said as to how it would 'affect them jf there were no boats coming into th.' arbodr *'Was that not .- a-point th t.struck' them? Let them suppose that the'farming industry was crippled, and.he farmers in:such a condition that they"bould no longer continue to em ploy the hands they had done; let them auppbse. they had the local - factories (breweries. for instance) closed down. (Dissent:) It would be a lamentable fact,. no doubt; for some of his friends \--(laughter)-but they must , face the inevitabl. If. they had Victorian beer imported at a rate at which' the local breweries could not produce, with a duty on sugir and:.malt,' the 'men employed n:.these' iidustries would be thrown on the labour market.': The result would be. thirt th'ere would be three applicants for employmnent where there was one man be fore, and wages would necessarily be re duted. ` (Applause;) 'Without' follow in-. '%p a line'of thought of.4hat descrip tion, it'~dst be .'apparent to them all thla 'if they'wanted a billet and .there were three applicants the'lowest would get it, othere matters being equal. : He world like to briefly refer-to one clause in'the ,Federal Bill- which he viewed with a 4eal of suspicion., and that was the in trolubtio' of a'body, novel in the British Cd tuti?6n, and that was . 'The Inter-States Commission. tliey hid a section dealing with that, with its 'pdwers uindefined. It had sole uth'ority :with regard to the railways andwith_ regard 'to all questions affect in.it and 'affecting other interests: but as-tii.o.it.iti powers were they were left eoniplelety.'in the dark. On that Inter taaes Comission; and in their hands, rested allrquestioins with regard to the extinslbn of their lines of questions with'regird to differential rates, and. in fact, all quettions which materially ~ ted'a'comminity like Western Aus ' 'rll:?'"Ajiplause.)' The powers of that Conimissmon were indefinite, and, having looked:. ht'. tlhat clause, he now .id' hat ii" the hinds of that I .ette ~ Sates :.Commission ' would relly:' 'rest:? iwhether, federation 'Ai~tralia if adopted. '(Applause.) What hai'ice had Westeri 'Australia of getting a jiominee" oh that Commission. with a ,poulation of 170,000 against 4,00u,000 P i They 'would be unrepresented, and in ,the. hands of that body, with powers .whieh could be wielded for good or.ill. (:sear; hear.) .. Where they had no com munity of interests they would receive, he .was very much afraid, scant justice at'.the hands of that body. (Applause.) e H'did not touch thatnight on parallel eases, and:,he did.not refer, save for a dmenti, o. S .'The Case of Ireland, ,wlhich )?ad?'been' dragged into this dis ussion ;. utthis one fact stood:out? pr mineutly" with regard tokIreland. Her 'vey, ill which they,supposed would be Sdid. mst' to promote the Union, stated in' after years, whesi he had lived to re Ipeit.of his action; that no country had increased so much in population and industry as'Ireland durin& the 18 years of her' autonomy -(Applause.) Ireland lid enjoyed protection, but the union with iEngland destroyed-thkt protection, and.' her' population dropped from 8,000,000-to 4,000,000, and at the pre sent moment Irish men and women were leaving her shores at the rate of 5,000 pet week. That was a fact they could ndt'get over. He would not dwell on it, but woutd reserve his remarks in re lation .to Ireland' and- Eingland for a later occasion. There were losses 'which 'mist be indicted on the colony, and the bhenfits which' they were told would be derived had not been accurately or satisfactorily proved. . Control of Local Affairs. On the other hand; they gave up the management of their own affairs. Was it good- enough in the circumstances? (Voices: "No.') Was it good enough, \- when they came to consider, that the very ill which they supposed would be remedied by Federation could be reme died by themselves if they were to lay thleir shoulders to' the wheel? (Ap plause.) .-The 'step they were" taking would be irrevocable. They gave up the management of their own affairs to men who probably had never visited th. colony-to those who were not in sym Spathy with them-and for what? They gave this uo for what they could carry in their own-local Legislature. ,(Applause.) He had done. He should have liked to have dwelt a little longer, had he en joyed similar-patience. at their hands; but he found that another gentleman more thoroughly up in this question, and more thoroughly imbued with the issues at stake, was to follow, and that gentle man would bring forward 'many of the points, which he - (Mr: Moorhead) had omitted, which told , against the pro posed union. He. could, however as sure them, on behalf of himself ani. of those who'were working-in the interests of anti-federation, that, should the Smeasure be carried, th-q would 'act a oifly ss-anyofthqse w ho supported it. (Prologed cheers.): Mr. C. 3i Moran, m.L.A., who was re ceived with applause,.said he had listen ed with very great pleasure to his friend. Mr: Moorhead had been nurtured in the Trinity College University, the home of Henry Grattan, and if his opinions on the questidn of home rule for Westeri Australia were not worth hearing, then his (the' speaker's) certainly were not, nor those- of anyone else in the colpny. (Applause.) He: gas only sorry that Mr. Moorhead :was not in stronger health. He remembered' his friend a few years ago in:the bloom of his ianhood and the full powerof:his strength, and he re menibered what'power and charm he had to control an audience. (Hear, hear:) e: (Mr., Moran) had no respect for tho'se in thei audience who took advantage .of the rather weak health of one who, if he hadlihe strength- of yore, would strew them, across- the floor. (Laugh ter. and prolonged cheers.) Mr. Moran then passed on to say that the aspect of the federal question had changed dur ing the.last few weeks. The anti-federal ists, judging 'by the speeches at the Perth-Town Hall on the previous night, had carried, the war into the enemy's camp. Mr. Gardiner had been adver tised to' "reply to Mr. Moran." It was the other. side which had called for the change. Whr did they not put .theii case ? They. had no case to put, but soughtto draw the "red herring" of sentiment across the trail. but he in tended to remove that "red herring." (Laughter and 'apnlause.) The federal leader had on the previous night made an attempt to wriggle out of an accusa tion- which-he (Mr. Moran) had mide, by -aiyiig:.that.bis3speech against :'the referendum at:'the Federal Convention had reference only to a deadlock between the two;Houses: The speaker read the following extract from the '"Hansard" report of. the debate in question: Mr.. LEAKE: Take, for instance, one . very serious 'aspect of this ques \- tion and it was sugeested bv'my hon. friend, Mr. Gordon. Let us asstune.that the question" of amending the Constitution arises. Perhaps it' is taking an extreme " view, but I shall suppose for the sake of: argument, as I have a `right to do, that we have that objectionable' person, the - un scrupulous politician in power. Ari hon. iember: There are a good deal of ;thtm. Mr. LEAKE :'.Yes, I believe there'are. His object is to have an amend ment of'the Constitution in some pariticular direction. It is forced% onward 'by gentle stages. 'Per haps-the main object he has in view has failed, but ultimately ire getsthis question of the amend Sment. of, the Constitution r- to the. refereidum stage. Then 'everything is disclosed and we find out at the last moment what `object he has-in view. Then'it is too: late.' The question will go tbo the people, and the -eople, ivith0ut'the proper medium of .Parliament, will declare in favour of the alteration of the Constitu tion and,perhaps violate that for which we-have battled and are battlin, the maintenance 'of equal State rights. - A Voice: You, didn't read it all.' Mr. Moran: I am sorry, Mr. Guil foyle, but if I could speak it in good old Irish. I would tell you. Mr?'Guilfoyle rose and made some inaudible remark. Mr. Moran.. Oh, hold your tongue, if von have to hold' -it with your foot. " (Laughter:): Continuing, he said that Mr. Leake only spoke once in Sydney on the point. air. Leake was not gen uine in the matter, and if not in that, he would say he'was not genuine in the whole movement A' Voice.- Giveus the other side. 'Mr. Mh:ran.said his friend that inter= jected' could read. the part that suited him,: He had read the part that suited himself. '. lThe Voce-. Game of bluff. Mr:. Moras said that the federal party had pointed out to'them that Newfound land had uinffered by keeping out 'of 'federation; but they did 'not mention British Colimbia and Princ. Edward's Islands,J.which uts not suffer. British "olumbia was guaranteed a railway costing £10,000,OUO, and was given con trol of her customs until the railway was built. Prince Edward's Island re mained' out "until the Canadian people guaranteed her debt, so that she might come 'in. There was a heavy debt in Western Australia, and they had to pay it. If Mr. Gardiner said that the co lony , could :.borrow 'money. cheaper through, thbe Federal Government, he did not know the Bill, for the Bill did not guarantee.the States' debts nor-pay them.. The' colohy.would' still have its debts, and' no mone 'to pay them. The federal party had'changed their tactics. The anti-federalists asked the federalists for:their' reasons'why the colony should. enter federation, and.they gave none. Then,'when' tbhe. anti-federalists showed why federation' should not be accepted, they: had. the. federalists replying to 'the argrimests which showed that the federalisti 'were' on their defence. He would divide his remarks into the follow ing heads:. (1) Western Australia, her physical positios" and features;. (2)' her cnritical position at the present moment, with regard to her finances: (3) a house divided against itself'must fall; (4) some new light with regard to those who said federate or separate; (5) a few more words on the mail steamer question: (6) the futuire policy for Western Australia. Pihysical Features. Dealijihg with the first head, he said that the tolonies of Queensland, New .aourn wales ana aouth Australia were -hysically'bouiid together. The river Murray welded them together, and they were linked together by long stretches of agricultural and ,pastoral country. r'rom Cape -York to Melbourne nature had made that side of Australia one and they would 'be criminal as well as 6outh Australia, alongside of them, if they did not federate because nature had destin ed them to be united. Beside what na ture had done 'history had completed. History made kew"South Wales a great colony 40 years ago. Victoria had -be come great after 40 years' protection: South Australia was in womanhood, and Queensland, who was richest of alljn her resources, -was able to hold her own againstthe rest of Australia. There was, however, no river binding Western Aus= tralia with the Eastern colonies, nor any other physical feature to unite her to them. Nature had placed a boundary 'between them, and history had done the rest. Western Australia'shistorywas only 10 years old. There was only one thing which would bring them together, and that was the same great civilising in fluence that brought British Columbia, 3,000 miles fromOttawn, into the Cana dian union, and that was the iron horse, which would make Western Australia and the Eastern colonies one in name and-in fact. At present they were prac tically only united by'sea, and as fir us that 'weift, they might as well federate with Cape Colony. - A voice: "Not taking any Boers." Mr. Moran. We have a bit too much of one here. Continuing, the speaker said that if part of the' railway was built. or;the. Federal Government had sanctioned the railway, then when the Commonwealth had given an. evi dence of its bcna-fides W';sern Austra lia would show her goolwvll. A voice: , "How about British Co lumbia?" . Mr. Motan said -he was 4ha~kful for the interjection, but why dig: act i'ie of them say, "How about Prince Ed ward's Island or British Columbia?" Mr. Gardiner trotted out Newfoundland. From the whole 'of the federal unions in the'world,' he' hauled up that miserable; wretched place as a.horrible'instance of what would happen if they did not se parate. A voice'. "' Bosh I" Mr.: Moran: Does my friend knowr where Newfoundland is? The voice:' "Yes." Mr. Moran:' Well, i is not in Col lingwood.' (Laughter.) Continuing, he said they should lay the' spook of Newfoimdland for ever. It was, a mi serable, wind-swept, poor, sandy little island - that Federation could not made rich. Federation could not put gold intoi'a country, for if'the Lord made it poor the devil could not make it rich. (Applause.) He said that stopping out of federation would no' prevent them getting good terms. None of the many Btate of the Aasrican confedera, tion who came in" after the first union got less -representation or siferedl any disability. Nature had' placed them apart from the Eastern colonies, but at the same time she had endowed them with two great marketable industries. A voice: The meat ring. Mr. Moran: That's the ugliest meat ring 've seen for a long time -when you opened your mouth. (Laughter.) r Con tinming, he said that the great industries of Western -Australia were Timber and Gold, but neither of them were what might be called permanent because the store of timber and gold decreased as the indus try progressed.. He did not want to cry down the fields, but he knew how un certain was their prosperity.. The value of one mine, the great Australia, hid fallen in value recently from £7,000,000 to £1,000,000, a loss of £6,000.000. What 'ould it cost their children if they said they were connected by the one flag one destiny cry? Let them build up their Fruit aid Agricultural Industries, otherwise they might be left in the positi on that California was placed in when the gold boom burst there. For many a long year that country was deserted and left m its misery until a new and great asset was found in its rich fruit-producing slopes. History was there for them to read. 'He was not seeking to draw red herrings across the path. A wise p'o tective policy, not a prohibitive one, had been the secret of the successful nations of the world. How was. Eng land faring unaer freetrade?. Was not Protectionist Germany cutting into her very life blood?. (A voice: "Bah ") They might .well say "bah," but'they knew it was a bitter truth. And who got the big steel con tracts of every nation to-day? Was it not protectionist United States? And what did the great exponent of public opinion, the London "imes; say." It had said that England must have a moderate prdtection system or she would lose the trade of her colonies. It- was not her freetrade policy that had made New South Wales' greatness. It was chiefly through her great woollen indus try that she had achieved success; and' which did not need protection to foster it. Edmund Barton, the federal cham pion of Australia, had been,a living ex ponent of protection' all his life. Vic toria, which had, perhaps, been over-pro tected, had the most commercial in stincts of any colony in the Southern Hemisphere. .Victoria was the life and soul of Australia. (Applause.) Coming back to our own colony, it must be borne in mind that the timber, like the gold, was a disappearing quntity. What was to become of the labour em ployed in the timber mills r-h- the timber was cut out? Were the people of the colony going to still offer thac labour a.chance td settle on the fertile hillsides and in the smiling valleys, or were they going to accept the condition of things which would mean that when the gold and the timber were gone the people who dug and hewed must go too? Didthey want to see their Colony Desolated, or did they want to see it like New Zea land, which, thanks to the settlement of its people on the land, was one of the most self- contained and self-supporting countries in the world. The Eastern colonies did not .want New Zealand in the Federation, because she was a pro 'ducer and would cut into them. "Give us Western Australia" instead, they . cried. The reason was, that this colony would be a consumer, and the others would be able to dump their manufac tures and products into her. He urged that yet a little while Western Austri lia should keep up her gates, so'that the flood of products 'of the other colonies should not pour in here in overwhelming" force, and sweep clean away our poor little in dustries. The colony had already bor rowed £13,000,000, and was committed to an expenditure which they could not get out of. The Coolgardie water scheme when completed would' add an other £2,000,000 to the present indeb tedness of £80 per head. Wouild Fe deration help them over the trouble they were in? The Federal Parliament would not pay it. If they did guaran tee the debt of Western Australia the screw' would be turned on from the Eastern colonies instead of from Lon don. The people of Western Australia knew who out of these parties had treat ed them best. (Applause.) Mr. Moran then dealt at length with the Probable Losses and Gains under federation in relation to customs duties, hil arguments being directed to the demonstration of the advantages of protection He said that a point which bas been overlooked by the people ofthe goldfields was that the publc debt was. a joint and several bond, and it had to be paid. If the producing and farming interests were crippled, the goldfields would deprive themselves of the means of lightening the common burden by dis tributing it over a greater number "of people. He now came to the "ghost" that had frightened. Sir John Forrest. (Laughter. and applause.) He referred to the question of Defence. The 'federalists did not talk defence very much. har. Gardiner, in trying to get over it, said of course England would defend them. If they .wished to loaf .-on England they could, but he said if he had to loaf he would like to loaf on something, and not on such a weakness as the Commonwealth. In dealing with The Referendum, Mr. Leake hiad said.in the Legislative assembly that It eeration Was onlly carried by a few votes he would hesitate before asking Parliament to endorse it. But what did Mr. Leake, who had such -a brilliant past before him, and such a splendid future, which he had left be hma him-(laughter and applause)-say at the Boulder? A Voice: What do you mean by the past he has got before him? Mr. Moran: You go to the looking glass to- morrow morning, and-you will see the past you have got before you. Ie is well stamped thefe. aughter.) Continuin he said that Mr. Leake went to the Boulder. A voice: Where you are afraid to go. (Laughter.) . Mr. Moran said Mr. Leake went to the Boulder, and was satisfied therefore to have the, Bill carried by any' ma Jority. It was like the conversion of the inebriate to temperance.' "Dad's, square for a day or two, but lor' blime, after that 1" (Laughter.) He then dealt with the statement that the goldfields would separate if federation were defeated, but he said- that Dr. Ellis told him that the separation movement was only to secure the referendum, and that having been achieved he was a loyal West Aus tralian again. Referring to the question of the Mail Steamers. he said that the only argument .which Mr. Illingworth could find in favour of federation was that if Western Austra lia did not federate the mail steameis would not call. This "spook" of the Pre mier had been laid in its grave with the rest. (Laughter.) After condemning the sliding scale of duties, Mr. Moran said here was the doctrine of the nonentities who headed the federal movement in Western Australia to-day. "Every man Jack of them," and "Jack" as well as the rest--(laghter)-was a candi date for the Federal Parliament. Near ly all were lawyers; they. hoped to get a .practice at the Federal gourts. Mr. Leake had announced himself at the Boulder as a candidate. He had said he' wai too " stiff"to work in Western Australia, but he was not too "stiff" to go to Vi-toria. (Laughter.) Mr. Harney was a federal candidate.- Mr. Wilson had already announced himself, and the "lion and the lamb" went round Banbury to gether.: (Laughter.) He (Mr. -Moran) would not sacrifice the colony against his better judgment. (Hear, hear.) Like iienry Grattan, they should standby their last plank of independence, and not part with it until thy got justice done. Re fusal to join now did not mean keeping out for ever. Western Australia was necessary to the fqderation, prit the fe deration was not, necessary to it. He liad faith in the honesty of the people from 'the rtL'er colonies who were resi dents of Western Australia, and was sure they' r, iid loyally do their duty. (Ap;lause.) In conclusion, the speaker stal tht on a future occasion he would deal with the question of the "introspect of the future, remarking that'he had a definite platform for the future of the colony. iCheers., On themotian of Mr. figham M.L.A., seconded by Mr. Solomon, &M.L.A..; a vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. 3corhead and Mr. Moran for their ad dresses. The compliment was suitably acknowledged. A vote of thanks to the chairman, mov ed by Mr. Doherty, M.L.A., and accond ed by Mr. Moran, was carried by accla maton, and the meeting terminated. THE FEDERAL ELECTIONS. The Premier received a telegram from the Premier of South Australia (Mr. Holder) urging that, in the event of this colony joiniung the Commonwealth. ar rangements should be made for the hold ingof the federal elections in November next. THE APPROACHING TOUR OF THE ?INISTER OF RAILWAYS. Mr. Piesse, the Commissioner of Rail ways, will commence his tour in oppo sition to immediate Federation for this colony next week. The dates for some of his meetings have been fixed. On Saturday, JUly 7, he will speak at Katayni e on the followin Monday at agin, and on Tesaay, the 10th of July, at Narro gin. In each case the meetn will be held in the local Agricultural Hall The Minister also hopes to be able to visit and speak on the federal question .at the Arthur River district, but the dates for his speeches in that part of the co lonuy have yet to be fixed. He will also pay a second visit to his constitu eats at a later date, as he will not be able to include all. the impor ;aai cen tres in his first Journey. Ehtu second visit: will take place daring the week. fc'.owing his appearance at Wagin and Narrogin, and he will then spese at '1.e Williams, Marradong, and Wandering. , THE FEDERAL LEAGUE. A special meeting of the executive of the Federal League was held on Wednes day vening, at the league offices, Hay street,-to consider the resignation of the honorary secretary (Mr. B. H. Zollner). General regret was expressed at the step taken by that gentleman, but as Mr. Zollner had assured members of the executive that for private reeasons it was imperative that he should resign the following motion was proposed and carried unanimonsly:-- at Mr. Zoll ner's resignation be accepted with re gret, and that this leaphe place on re cord its high appreciation and grateful recognition of the loyal and enthnsias tic services of Mr. Zollner to the cause of Federation in Western Australia."' The: question of the appointment of'a successor to Mr. Zollner was next dis cussed, and Mr. J. M. Fowler' was unanimously appointed to the position. The following is the text of Mr. Zoll ner's letter of resignation:--"W.A. Fe deral League's Offices, Perth, 25th June, 1900.-Dear Mr. Leake,--It is with profound regret that I am com pelled for private reasons, which I can not disclose, to resign my position as hen. secretary to the Western Austra lian Federal League. Having been" through the hottest part of the battle up'tb the present, I should have de msired to remain in my position till at least the 31st of July (referendum day). but it is impossible for me to do so. I wish.from the bottom of my heart to see the league stccessful, because as an Australian by birth, it is my dearest hope to see my country a great Com monwealth, united by every tie of blood and fraternal sympathy, and it will al w.ys be a great pride to me if I am able to say, as'far as this position of'Aus tralia -is concerned, that I have contri. buted in some humble degree to assist in so great an achievement. I desire, through yoU, to express my gratitude to every member of the executive for the forbearance and kindness extended to me at all times, and; although through the nature of the position, I may not always have given univeisal satisfaction, iyet feel (onvinced that every member ofithe committee will credit me with having done my best. I may never be heard of agsin politically in Western Australia, but here I would like to add that, in my opinion, the country is un der a deep debt of gratitude to your self for the manner in which you have led the movement, both in Parliament and outside, and, referring to your an nouncement at the" Boulder last week I feel convinced that the peoplet- of Western Australia, who are federalists, will take a keen pleasure in returning you at the head of the poll for the Se nate should the opportunity offer. Yours, etc, E. H. Zollner." NEW SOUTH WALES AND FEDERA TION. THE FEDEIAL CAPITAL. Sydney, June 26. Sir Wm. Lyne, replying to a series of questions in the Assembly, said that .the report of the Federal Capital Com missioners was due on July 14, but the commissioners had applied for an exten sian of time. Parliament would have toconsider what site the people of New South Wales were prepared to offer to the Federal Goternment. As far as the Premier. could judge, the Federal Par liament had the right of choice, al though.the question had been raised on a legal point as to whether this did not lie with the New South Wales Parlia ment, as the contracting party in re gard to transfer of the area selected. In the Legislative Council, Mr. F. B: Suttor moved the resolution adopted by the Assembly, in connection with clause 74 of the Commonwealth Bill, which read .as follows:-" That this House while of opinion that the Bill should pass in the form agreed to by the people of Australia, nevertheless is of opimon that the amendments proposed to clause 74 by the Secretary of State are not Ssufficiently important departure from hte intention of the original Bill to justify any action to further delay the consummation of Australian union." Mr. Suttor said he did so in order to give members an opportunity of giving, their opinions. In view of the fact that the measure had passed the House of Com mons, there was nothing else to do. Mr. Want said he did not intend to let the vote go without placing on re cord his opposition to it. There was no one in the House, he would venture to say, who understood the effect of the alterations in the clause. They were to take a leap in the dark, and he object ed. He said they did not know whether the- preserved to themselves the right of appeal to the Privy Council or not. He was sorry that they were getting a new' Constitution that could not be unanimously accepted. After some further discussion, Mr. Suttor moved the omission of the words affirming that the House thought it de sirable that the Bill should have been passed as originally adopted at the re ferendum. Mr. Hughes took the point that Mr. Suttor could not move an amendment on his own resolution. Mr. Suttor withdrew his resolution, and then moved an amended resolution, which was carried. To the Editor. Sir,-I observe that Mr. Throssell, in a letter published in yesterday's paper, says: "If, on the other hand, the refer endum be in our favour, I would boldly face the nosition by at once voluntarily surrehdering the food duties go. ob noxious to a section of our people.' Some people understand this to mean that Mr. Throssell is prepared to sweep away all food duties. This I do not take to be his meaning. What I understand he means by "the food duties so obnoxious to a sec tion of tha people" are those duties on meat, eggs, butter, cheese and preserved milk. As far as these are concerned, they are of little or no benefit to the farming community (some of them are even detrimental),.and would have been removed before now but for the demand of the Colonial Treasurer for revenue. But the importhut point, which is care fully avoided by those who are ising the argument that, "as these duties wiil be removed sooner or later; even if federa tion is not accepted, therefore youmay just as well accept federation now, is this. ' Outside of federation, the State may come to the rescue of any agri~cl Ai tural interest which might be consider ed worth maintaining or developing, at any time, but inside federation this would be impossible. And it is signifi cant that the Commonwealth Bill pro vides that the State may come to the res cuerof any mining industry other than coal (the foreign .capitalists' interest) at any time, but it must not give the slight eat assistance to any branch of agricul ture to benefit people 'within the State. _There is another feature with regard to the food duties which seems to have been overlooked. At the last general election three years ago the Kalgoorlie electors -urged on, if I recollect aright, by the -algoeorie Miner"-returned Mr. Moran by a large majority to support these food duties (which have been re duced since then). If these people have changed their views sinceithen. what is the reason ? The conditions have not apparently changed: I can understand their having great hostility to the For rest Ministry and to Mr. Moran, through the alluvial disputes but there is no ap parent reason why the great majority of electors should have changed their views in the interval in respect to protecting the interests of those engaged inanother branch of State development.-Yours, etc., etc, CHARBIS HARPER. Perth, June 28. To the Editor. Sir,-Your . correspondent, 'Civis," takes me to task for alleged wilful mis representation in having stated that under the operations of the Inter-state Commission the ,Collie coal industry is doomed. He quotes aclause of the Com monwealth Bill which governs future railway rates, and then gives his case away by going on to quote another which controls the first, using, in so doing, the following words: -"Again, in the very next clause of the Act are to le found words which certainly are at diametrical variance with the view expressed by Mr. Vosper. The clause I now refer to is clause 103, which is in the following terms:--'Nothing .in this Constitution shall render unlawful any rate for the carriage of goods upon a railway, the property of a State, if the rate is deemed by the Inter-state Commission to be necessary for the development of the ter ritory of the State, and if the rate ap plies equally to goods within the State and to goods passing into the State from other States. Certainly the meaning of this clause, when applied to the Collie coal interests, is that nothing in the Commonwealth Constitutioin hall render unlawful any rate for the carriage of coal over the Collie railway if such rate is deemed by the Inter-state Commis sion to be necessary for the development of the territory of Western Australia, so long as the tariff for coal on the Collie railway applies equally to Collie coal or coal from any other part of Australia carried over the same line." So far from this clause being at "diametrical vari ance" with my contention, it is upon clause 103 that I rely for verification of it. But "Civis" has evidently mistaken what I intended to convey. What I hold is, that Collie coal is only used because it is given a preference in regard to railway iates over Newcastle. Under the operation of clause 103, however low the rates for Collie coal were fixed on any of the colony's lines, they would have to be equally low for the Newcastle pro duct, so that they could not be made of'much benefit to the local coal. The coal from the Collie is inferior to New castle is produced at a greater cost, and the industry is only in its infancy. If, therefore, Federation places the two articles in a position of equality, as by "Civis's" own showing it does, the Collie coal trade is doomed. I do not contend that this, from the federal standpoint, is unjust, but that it is one of the prices the colony will-be balled on to.pay for entry into the Uniont Yours etc., 'F. C. B. VOSPEB. Parliament House. June 28. To the Editor. Sir,-Mr. Moran made a statement in his speech on federation which I am surprised has gone unchallenged. Mr. Moran instances blankets and flahnels as articles which will be much dearer under federation, and declares that the Eas tein colonies will supply. an inferior article at a .greater price. This shows that Mr. Moran has never used-perhaps has not seen-the blankets and flannel manufactured in Victoria. They are q.ito equal, if not superior, to those of home manufacture, and certainly the flannel wears .batter, as it does not shrink like English flannel, is soft, and of a: beautiful creamy hue, or in the natural wool colour. As'regards the outcry about federation duties,, as 'he mother of a growing family with healthy appetites, know'that it would be better to pay a little more on tea sugar, rice, etc., and have cheap butter, meat, eggs, and bacon.- Where one pound of tea is used there would be quite four to six pounds of butter con sum ed.-Yours, etc., CORNELIA. Perth, June 28. 