in America. Borning Election Question. The Hon. Chouncoy M. Depowj U.S. Senator, writes as follows in the Daily Mail of July 9 ; — The political situation in the United States differs essentially from tho con ditions of tbe campaign four years ago. Then tho Democratic party had been in power during tho Presidency of Mr. Cleveland. For tho first 'timo since tho clection of Mr. Lincoln — that is, in 32 years— -it ball the President and a work ing majority in both Houses of Con gress. It reversed >tho (Republican policy of protection, and established, modified freefrado under a tariff scheduled simply for. revenue. Tho oountry was very prosperous when tho Democratic party- eatno in power, after hnving been in the minority for a generation. The years of their administration,-' espeoially 1894-5 and 1896, witnessed a financial nnd industrial paralysis. Mills, faotories, and furnaces closed, a large proportion of the labour of tho country was thrown out of em ployment ; tho purchasing power of tho community became so weftk that the farmer found his harveBt and live stock selling below the cost of production; _ The silvor theorist and men who be-r lioyed in cvory form of flat money were united by Mr.: Bryan and captured the Democratic Convention. Thoy drove from tho party all its old-established leaders of national reputation. Mb. Brvan's PnoitisEs, Mr. Bryaii appealed to a people suffering .terribly with tho romedy of free silver and unlimited and irredeem able currenoy as the ouro for their ills. By providing unlimited currency worth only half its face value iu gold it was to double wagos, cancel mortgagos, and pay dob's, and in somo mysterious way produce prosperity by dofrouding creditors. (Religious fanatics or frauds always have largo followings in timos of plaguo, and financial theorists during periods of panic. On this appeal Mr. Bryan received noarly half tho votes. Tho Republican party won, but by a narrow margin, through tho mdst ex haustive campaign of education on the primary principles of finanoo, industrial politics, . sound money, and protec tion ever witnessed. It promised that a return to honest (and tried policies would produoo prospority. Tho Domoorntic Administration from 1892 to 1897 found its revenues. falling below tho expenditures of tho Govern ment, and had to sell sovoral hundred millions of 'four per cents at u small premium to meet deficiencies. TLJhe Republican tariff und financial measures during tho Administration of Mr. M'Kinloy have furnished a largo slirpltis, notwithstanding tho cost of the Spanish war, and given such national credit that our two per cents aro selling abovo paiv I havo attendod every National Presi dential Convention sinoo I left -Yale Univorsity. . Tho'. unanimity of . the 'Republican Convention at Philadelphia on candidates and platforms was its dis7 tinctivo feature. It seemed in a marked degrco to represent the solid souse of the country both for President, Vice- President, nnd principles. . Mu. M'Kin'lkt's Pkiu-ubmanciss. Mr. M'Kinloy, when elected, was known chiefly on account of his leader ship in tariff rooasures. The. war with Spain throw upon him great respon sibilities. Tlio powers of tho Presidont of thri United States aro very broad. Ho organised an army of 270,000 mon, mobilised a fleet, ended tho 300 years of Spanish rulo in the western hemisphere, captured tlio Philippine Islands, and the navy had destroyed and sunk nearly tho ontiro navy of Spain — all in- a hundred days from tho declaration of war. _ Ho carried through the poaco nego tiations successfully, and created Gov ernments for Cuba and tho Spanish possessions ceded to ua. Colonol Roose velt is tho idol of tho young men. Ho wanted to bo again Governor of Now York, instead of Vioe-president, but tho cordiality and unanimity of tho demand forecd-him to accopt. Saturday's nows gives tho Democratic programme. It is simply anti-overy- thing. It .formulates no affirmative policy. It proposes to- abandon tbo Philippine Islunds, leavo their 83 tribes hostilo to -eaoh other in anarchy, and thon extend the Monroe doctrine aoross the Paoifie and over them. In othor words, invito war with other countries, and assume obligations for the govern ment of a people incapablo of governing themselves, which would entail ondless expense, with no corresponding benefit. The Republicans propose to keop tho islapds, develop tbeir resources, grant as rapidly- as possiblo looal self-govern ment, and make them solf-3ustaining. We bolievo tlioy are neooasary as markets for our Surplus products and essontial to our powor and position in the oast." i "What is IitrjiurAxisii ? Tho Democrats make imperialism tho burning issue. All winter in tho United States Senate we ondoavoured to have our Domocratio colleagues tell us what 'American imperialism is. But ovory explanation condoinned Presidont Jeffor- son, tbo fathor of tho Dcmooratio party, for taking from. Napoleon tbo territory . of ' Louisiana, from which havo beon carved 15 States of tho Amorioan Union ; and the Democratic Prosidonts Monroo, Jnokson, Polk,' and Pierce for acquiring from Spain aud governing Florida,' und . also California, and tho other vast areas taken from Mexico. Tho whole gist of its anti-imperial- ism, anti-militarism, and financial pro posal is that the United States abandon all its possessions outsido tho North Amorican continent, and bcooiuo a hermit nation. It says to the American peoplo, " You aro incompetent to rule colonics, and if you cannot livo and prosper without commercial standards which will make possible ttade With ttio world without now nnd constantly 'increasing markots for constantly in- creasing surplneos from agriculture and manufacturers, you aro degenerates, for surely your fathors got on vory woll." THo corruption of tho ourrciioy, whioh was the fdaturo of thoir platform in 1896, they how place after imperialism. They know it is discredited, and was buried.in the lost election, But it ia the fotish.of Mr; Bryan, .and'' Ho( com- .V pels them to adopt it. So they pnt it' behind the raw-nead-ond-blooay-bohcs.' ' of militarism, hoping tho voters would; .' not. seo it. Tho. ostrich with his head'.: in tho sand, : and certain the hunter':' cannot seo his huge body swaying behind, is a Wise' bird compared to these statesmon. The vote of 26 to 24 ia the 1 in the Committco on Resolutions on tho' .; adoption of tho silver plank of freoy' 'coinage, of Silver nt'lGto 1 is a divi- ' sion on tho candidate's pet measure, and will grow in bitterness and deser tions, as it did it 1896, - The people of the United States aro .' progressive, expansive, ambitious, and-/ confident. Bogios and ghosts will not / frighten; or turn them hack from tho ; position thoy havo reached among tbo / groat Powers. The largest standing', army over proposed for -the national . Government was. of 100,000 men.' To get- up a scare of militarism on this y basis is to convulso a continent with the. blare of a tin trumpet. United States' Policy in China. The terrible events in China are so : ; recent,- and wo aro for tho first timo facing such novel conditions ina'dis-' tant' land, that no policy has been formulated; I can speak only what I hplicvo to bo tho sentiment of the American people, and that sentiment speedily results in notion by tho Prosi- . dent .or. Congress. SVo aro at the !- Philippines, four days from Hongkong) instead of six . weeks as wo were. a ; year ago. We havo thorc an army of 65,000, and a fleet. Wo wiint.td share, in the rescue of our kindred with tho. , nations who are seeking to savo tkoirs (' from the Chinese savages who are murdoiing and torturing them. Wo do. not favour tho partition of China, nor its conquest, nor spheres of influence. Wo beliovo that when this assault on civilisation has beon crushed, ' a stable Chinese government should bo ' established and protected by tho Powers. , Our Secretary of State, John' Hav, scoured from Kuropcan nations in China a. recognition of tho open door for tho United States. The trade of China and . tho 'east is tho outlot for western nations for tho surplus which electricity, steam, and transportation havo brought about. Lot us have an open market in'China for all on equal terms, tho development, of its resources and the opening of the country by railways, and then — may the best goods, the' cheapest transportation, and the abler merchants win. Mr. Bryau was defeated iu 1896 -on the free coinago of silver at tho ratio of 16 to 1 . Ho will be buried with that ' issue in 1990, and his political grave - dug beyond the hope of resurrection bv the addition of tho reactionary pro- grammo of his present canvass. Presi dent M'Kinley will roeoive in tho Electoral College one of tho largest votes ovor recorded. 