JPEKSOIXTAXjITIKS. Queon Mario Amolio of Portugal onjoya tho distinction of boing tho first woman of Royal birth who has acquired tho honour able right to plaoo tho lottora M.D. aftor hor narno. Tho talloat mombor of tho English Bar ia Mr Coward, whoso 'linked length' roaohoa a height of aix feot six inohes. Ho playfully spooks of himself as tho 'greatest Coward at cho Bar.' One of tho shortest barristers is Dr. Ball, who reaohoa li'tilo higher than Mr Coward's watoh ohain. Sir John Tenniel, who many years ago lost tho aight of ono of hia oyes through his passion for fonoing, iB said to havo borne thia terrible disaster not only with iortitudo but with ohooriulneas. In answer to tho condolences of a friend tho artist said, with an almost grim faootiouanp^-, ' At any rate, I shall bo leas oonooited ii^.o.uturo, beoauso a lot of 'I' has boon knooksiiout of mo.' Maarten Maartens, the Dutoh novolist, who ia known among hia own pooplo as J. M W. Van do Poorten Sohwartz, is a barrister by education and a landowner of largo fortune, living in tho piotnrotquo Castle of Zuylostoin, botween Utrooht and Arnhoim.^ It ia a characteristic Dutoh castlo, built 'many oenturlea ago, and has so many traditions of ghost that only a man without imagination would fool at home in it. Tho houae is famous as ono whioh Qnoen Mary's Prinoe of Orango froquontly visited, and the King William rooms aro tho prido of tho ownor, and havo been fitted up with Naeaau- Orango roliea. Wherever Miss Rhodes travols throughout 'the Dark Continent,' Bhe is the oentro of tho moat lavish hospitality, and many of the English viaitors to Buluwayo during tho festivities oonneoted with tho opening of tho railway still speak with tho greatest enthuaiasm of the manner in whioh sho entertained, almost in the hoart of AfrioB, suoh a large number of guests. Her brother's boautifal homo, Grooto Sohuur, a few miles from Capo Town, is ono of tho most hospitable houBes in tho world, and it is there that Mr Rhodes is always aeon at his best. Dnring his receptions he drops the rolo of politician and ompiro builder, and genially playa the part of the oountry gentle man and tho genoroua host. Some curious details aro published regard ing the meals of the German Emperor. William II. is the first King of Prussia who has ever visited hiB kitohen. At ordinary, times tho Imperial Family have three meals a day. The Emporor prefers substantial difches. For his breakfast he has aoffee, tea, eggs, beefsteaks, and veal or mutton outlets; for lnnoh he has soup, different kinds of meat, with vegotablea, and roasts and sweets. Tha Emperor and Empress like to have guestB almost regularly to lnnoh. Dinner takes placo at fivo or six o'clock, or on specially formal oooaBions at sevon. Thia is tho most luxurious and elaborate meal of the day, and is served on gold and silver plate. Ihe Emperor alwayB has a plate of oold meat shortly before retiring to rest. Lord Wolseley is almost as devoted to tho pen as to tho sword, and if he had not been fatod to be a field-marshal he would beyond question have been a man of letters. He rises early in the morning to write, and his official dnties only commenoo when a pile of MS. testifies to his industry with the pen. For some time past he has employed a num her of copyists in making extracts for him in arohives of Venioe. Cronberg, with its magnificent views and exhilarating air, is the favourite home of the Empress Frederiok of Germany. Here she oan lead the aimplo, unostentatioua life whioh she loves best. Every Sunday Bhe may be seen in her favourite yellow phaeton driving into Homburg, where she always attends servioe at the English ohuroh. She iB muoh beloved in tho distriot of Homburg aa well for her unaffected amiability aa for her large, if discriminating, charity. The Marquess of Bute is possibly more than any British peer the arohitect of his own fortune. It is estimated that his fortune, if nrmvnrtarf ififn orilrl wnnld vanMann* n -f at least eighty to'ns of bullion, and would I require for its transport the utmost strength i -f fifty of his horses. His income may lafely be estimated at £2,000 a day. Add - ;o this sixteen titles, besides dignities in- 1 numerable, and five lordly pleasure houses, ] md it will readily be acknowledged that the ? Marquegs has reason to think himself among i the blessed of the earth. Cardiff has been - to Lord Bute the source from whioh luoky millions have flowed. it is interesting to note that no fewer than six of tho Queen's ohildren and grand children have ohosen July as thoir wedding month. The ill-fated PrinoeBS Alioo was married on the 1st of the month ; Princess Christian on the 5th; the Duke of York on the 6th ; Princess Maud on the 22nd ; Piin oess Beatrioo on the 23rd; and Princess Louise, DuoheBs of Fife, on the 27th., Maroh appears to rank next to July in royal favour, for in this month the Prince of Wales, the' Marohioness of Lorne and the Dnko of Oonnaught began their wedded lives. Sis horses, straining every nerve and splendidly ridden by some of the 'oraok' jookeya of Amerioa, raced swiftly round a Nevada trook some Little time ago and oame down the atretoh in magnifioent style. Of the three leading horsea the last waa ridden by a woman, who, sitting astride her steed, plied her whip and spur in masterly style, and dearly outrode her competitors; The woman was Mra Bagwill, a native of Nevada, who is probably the only female jockey in the world. Her oxperienoe as a jookey haB not beeo very extensive, but of the five raoes in whioh she has ridden, twioo haB her horse come in a winner, and never I has she been outside a ' plaoe.' Mrs Bag I will is twenty-four years of age and haa been married for five veara. To fall from an altitude of 10,000ft. and during the fall to write a note to the effeot that he waa ' dying oontentedly, having reaohed hia term,' ia the unique experienoe of an Italian aeronaut. The Vienna cor respondent of the 'Daily Newa' deBoribea the fall. Signor Merighi ascended in his balloon to the height mentionod, at Graz, in Styria. The ballooD burst suddenly and fell. At a distance of about forty feet from the earth Signor Merighi threw himself out of the oar. He broke one leg, and waa taken up unoonpoiona, but living, and taken to a hospital. He states that at the height of 3,500 metres the balloon suddenly swelled to sn enormouB size, and though he im mediately opened the ventilator, it burst with a tremendous orash, and was rent open from top to bottom. It formed, however, a kind of dome, vrhioh served as a parachute, in the tremendous fall that followed. 