BOOKS AND BOOKMEN. The Australian Girl and Other Verses is the title of a volume by Ethel Castilla (George Robertson and Co. Proprietary Limited) with a preface by Rolf Boldre- wood, of which the most conspicuous merit is its brevity. Miss Castilla's rhymes are not irreproachable, she occasionally falls into the elementary error of using her eye instead of her ear as the test of rhyme, and accord- ingly writes of the Australian girl that— "Southern sun and southern air Have kissed her cheeks, until they wear The dainty tints that oft appear On rosy shells." Nor is her geography pedantically accurate, unless per- haps it is poetic license that makes the Pacific "zone" the "great isle" of Australia, and Sydney "fairest of sea-girdled towns." At her best Miss Castilla is pleasantly melodious, but she is not always at her best, and the little volume just published contains some lines that are harsh and unmetrical:— "Nor has its stern power caused to fall The beating of her dauntless heart," And "Where Nature's mighty power hearts closer binds Than all the pedant's prized fraternal creeds." Miss Castilla lacks a sense of humour and of pro- portion, or she could hardly have written of Flemington racecourse at Cup time that— "Linked by a common emotion. There meet on the lawn, John Bull, splashed with spray from the ocean, Priests shaven and shorn, And charming with native-born graces, Spring's hues on their ribbon and laces, Slim belles, whose bright, flower-like faces Are fresh as the dawn." In "the face of the dead" on the theme that "not the least of Life's ironies is that there is no earthly rapture comparable to the joy in the face of the dead," there are incongruities from which humour would have saved the authoress. As for example the following comparison: "The jockey is thrilled by the thunder, Like peace after fever and fret, That hails his great win as a wonder; His price above rubies is set. His face blazons forth his glad story, Whence triumph exultant is shed, Yet its brightness is chilled by the glory, Of joy in the face of the dead!" Miss Castilla appears to have a great affection for things Australian and the Australian girl according to her is a sort of admirabie Crichton in petticoats. Miss Castilla is not a great poet, but she has produced some pretty little verses which with more attention to rhyme and metre she could improve upon. "An Australian Lullaby" is perhaps the most melodious of the present collection. ****** The Real French Revolutionist, by Henry Jephson (MacMillan and Co.), derives its information "almost exclusively from revolutionary records—the opinions being mostly those of contemporary republicans— actors and participators in the events described." It is not a very interesting work, being chiefly a catalogue of repeated horrors, noyades, fusilades, occasionally sabrandes, battle, murder, and sudden death; indeed, every conceivable form of wickedness and atrocity, which, according to Mr. Jephson, is the distinctive mark of the vrai sans-culotte and the bravo republicain. "Their fierce, restless energy knew no limits, had no restraints. Some of them stooped to any infamy, any cruelty, so long as they could compass their ends or gratify their passion. They evoked and encouraged all that was worst in the nature of the French people, and stifled and trampled on whatever was good and generous. They lied when a lie suited their purpose; they deceived when deception redounded to then advantage. They were merciless in their injustice. They deluged their country with their countrymen's blood; and then, with loathsome hypocrisy and effrontery, claimed credit to themselves for the professed purity of their motives, and for the patriotism of their conduct." Indeed, from Mr. Jephson's researches into official documents and republican memoirs, it appears that what he terms the real French revolutionist was a good deal blacker even than most historians have painted him. The aspect of the Revolution with which Mr. Jephson deals is mainly the Vendean. Danton, Marat, Robespierre, that triumvirate, who, in popular estimation, represent the worst successes of revolu- tionary zeal, are angels of mercy and justice in com- parison with the representatives who dealt so brutally with La Vendce, whose one regret was that in the massacres they decreed so unsparingly it was not possible for their own hands to deal the deathblows. The Revolution nominally aimed at freeing France from the curse of the ancien régime but though "the régime which had gone before them may have been all that its enemies said—may indeed have been deserving of the fate which befell it, in everything for which they condemned it, this revolutionary règime is more strongly to be repro- bated. Instead of liberty succeeding tyranny, only a greater tyranny followed; instead of equality succeed- ing inequality, only another form of inequality was substituted; and instead of all men rushing together in fraternal embrace, a bloody and prolonged civil war broke out, and whole hecatombs of Frenchmen were slain by their own countrymen and brothers, and not Frenchmen only, French women, girls and children—a child of four, court-martialled and executed. Some 600 children are said to have been drowned in the noyades, Fourier, director of the revolutionary hospital, admitted that to his own knowledge they drowned fifty to sixty children at a time." Mr. Jephson finds that Carrier has been made the scapegoat for most of the infamy, and that historians by making him as conspicuous as possible have suggested the inference that he was "an exceptional product of the Revolution," but that "the theory, though plausible, is absolutely untenable. Infamous as he was, there was practically nothing to distinguish him from the regular sans-culotte type, which was as infamous and cruel as himself when it got the chance." Mr. Jephson has spoken with no uncertain sound and in a sense convincingly, but we doubt whether he will have a great many readers. Those who are making a special study of this aspect of the subject will probably find the work a useful one, but for the general reader there is too dead a level of infamy and atrocity. There are not sufficient prominent passages to arrest the attention and one closes the book with the general impression that has been acquired in the first few chapters and thereafter not greatly enhanced. Moreover Mr. Jephson's style of writing is not specially attractive, his metaphors are not always of the purest, as for instance when he tells us that "the Assembly would leave no stone unturned to heal the evils" and "that" certain principles were a long way below that revolutionary height which was the hall-mark of the true sans-culotte; then he is much struck with the abuse of the liberty, equality, fraternity motto, but his readers simply get bored with his state- ment, repeated again and again in practically the same words that "liberty," "equality" and "fraternity" were "the incarnation of the opposite ideas—tyranny inequality and fratricide—and the accentuated embodi- ment of all the vices they condemned in others." **** The December number of Cassell's Magazine contains several short stories and the opening chapters of The Gay Conspiracy, a romance by Robt. W. Chambers. Some of the stories, for instance Ouida's Gerry's Garden, Fred. M. White's White Geranium and Beeston's Haunted Men are of the type of very ordinary magazine stories. Gerry's Garden is the old old story of the small boy who on his own initiative obtains an inter- view with the Prime Minister and the inevitable accom- plishment of measures, hitherto, vainly tried for by adults. Max Pemberton's Ghost in the Domino is the best and most entertaining story in the number though The Queen's Roses by Levett-Yeats and Crockett's Junction Gang are good, each in its own style. Besides the fiction there are articles on Windsor Castle by the Marquess of Lorne, on Sir Henry Irving by Malcolm Salaman, Christmas Games by W. L. Alden, and The Royal Horse Artillery by Fletcher Robinson, the first of a series dealing with famous regiments. There are also excellent Rembrandt Photogravures of several pictures exhibited at the Royal Academy last year. **** Furze Bloom is the title of a volume of Tales of the Western Moors, by S. Baring- Gould (Methuen and Company). They are not very interesting or in any way very attractive tales; a good many concern half- witted men or girls, and there is a considerable same- ness among them, so that to read the whole volume becomes a trifle wearisome, the more so as the humour is of the heavy sort. The Brother's Grave, despite its commonplace title is the best story in the volume, but none of them are above mediocrity. ****** Bunter's Cruise, a Tale of the New Navy, by Charles Gleig (Methuen and Company) is, if slightly improbable in plot, a very readable story and rather amusing. It turns on an impromptu, and on one side involuntary, exchange of clothes between an able-bodied seaman and the captain under whom he is about to serve. The A.B. who is being pursued by the water polico for overstaying his leave, finds the temptation to impersonate his own captain too tempting to resist, when he learns that the latter is a stranger to all the officers of the Belleville, the ship to which he has been suddenly appointed, having first taken the clothes when the captain is bathing without knowing to whom they belong, he finds that he is being mistaken for the rightful owner whom he somewhat resembles, and sees "Captain the Honourable Roger Laxdale, R.N.," seized by the police when he emerges, clad faute de mieux in the dress of a sailor. The book pleasantly describes the subsequent adventures of Bunter as Captain and Lax- dale as seamen, and their ultimate successful escape, from their respective false positions. ****** It is somewhat strange that so experienced a crafts- man as S. Baring-Gould should be unable to put to- gether a story in no more interesting a fashion than he has achieved in Paho the Priest (Methuen and Co.). The period is that of the first Henry and the scene is laid in Wales, where Pabo is arch-priest, and whither Henry sends Bernard admitted in one day to priestly and episcopal orders for the sole purpose of harrying the Welsh in which he is ably assisted by his brother Rogier. But though Pabo, his wife and friends go through terrible vicissitudes it is exceedingly difficult to feel any keen interest in the question of their final escape. The book is ill constructed and not specially well written—indeed Mr. Baring-Gould becomes simply ludicrous in describing the absolutely irrelevant vision vouchsafed to Pabo, when he is lost in the darkness of a cave and has knocked his head against the rocks. "He seemed to acquire vision, and to behold the Five Saints lying in a niche before him, with their heads on a long stone. They were very old, and their faces covered with mildew. Their silver beards had grown and covered them like blankets. One had his hand laid on the ground, and the fingers were like stag's-horn lichen. Then one saint raised this white hand, passed it over his face, and opened his eyes and sat up. "Brothers," said he, in a faint small voice, "let us turn our pillow." Thereat the other four sat up, and the one who had aroused his brethren said, "See—we have worn holes in the stone with our heads, we will turn our pillow." And in verity there were five cup- like depression in the stone. Then the old Saint reversed the stone, and at once all four laid their heads on it again and went again to sleep. The fifth also relaid his head on the stone, and immediately his eyes closed." ****** 'Postle Farm, by George Ford (William Blackwood and Sons) is one of those books which appear annually in indistinguishable hordes. It is not original at all in plot, or style, or treatment. The same characters, the same incidents, the same conversations, crimes and mysteries have occurred' over and over again, and in very much the same collocation. The scene is laid in Devonshire, and the dialect is hard. It is not easy to find anything distinctive about it, but if it is not noticeably good, or, indeed, good at all, yet among novels, so many of which are execrable, it is not noticeably bad. Probably no no one will have much to say in its favour, and only those who have the singular good fortune to have missed many of precisely the same type will escape a considerable measure of boredom, and even they, if any such exist among novel readers, will, perhaps, not go scot free. **** Mr. Walter J. Wood, B.A., Senior Mathematical Master of Tettenhall College, Staffordshire, has just brought out a pamphlet of Graduated Test Papers in Elementary Mathematics (MacMillan & Co.) Each paper is divided into three parts, questions 1-5 on Arithmetic, 6-9 Euclid B.K. I, 10-14 Algebra. The use- fulness of this little book is enhanced by the fact that at the head of each paper is a brief note showing the scope of the questions contained therein—for example— "Test xxxiv Arithmetic Stocks included. Euclid— Propositions 47-48 included, Algebra—Miscellaneous Fractions included;" while sometimes one or more sections are devoted to revision. The last five papers are taken from the Mathematical Papers of the Science and Art Department, first stage for the years 1894 to 1898. For the junior forms for which the book is designed, it should prove extremely useful. It is compact, the whole thing, answers included, only occupying some seventy pages. This, the first edition, contains a few misprints which no doubt will disappear from the subsequent, which are sure to be demanded. There is a slight inconsistency in the form of some of the answers which might well be rectified. In some places the answers are taken to the nearest half-penny, in others to many places of decimals of a penny. There should be something in the statement of the question to show to what degree of accuracy it is required to work. ————<>———— IN 1891 the daily average of prisoners inhabit- ing Pentridge amounted to 1536—a few days ago the inmates of the stockade amounted to only 534. With every allowance made for an increase of numbers in other gaols of the colony, these figures indicate a con- siderable decrease of crime in Victoria, or at least of convictions obtained against criminals. **** When the steamer Warrigal cleared Sydney Heads for Melbourne with the New South Wales contingent on board en route for South Africa, the captain grew plucky as well as confident when he sighted the passenger-laden steamer Tyrian following in his wake for the same port. With difficulty he smothered his pride until the Tyrian came within gunshot of the Warrigal, and straightway challenged the captain of the passenger craft for a run to Melbourne. The challenge was accepted, and the Tyrian fell away astern, but making up the lost ground, soon passed the Warrigal with its gallant band of soldiers, who did not relish being left behind. They were, however, re- warded by a farewell cheer from the passenger steamer, which reached the wharf four hours ahead of its rival. 