EERIE GHOST LEGENDS. ' Near tee Fortoo Barracks, Gosport, tbe head quarters of tbe Royal Marine Light Infantry, lies an interesting memento of toe old French War.a iralled-in space where lie buried countless piisusers who died during ciptivity. Moat of tbe graves are nameless mounds, but there are three headstones. The inscriptions upon these ?re nearlv undecipherable : cue bears tbe name of Eugene — — (the remainder caunot be read). This spot is sacred, no one ever enters it ; but alongside, in a smaller walled space, conviets were buried, aud this is utilised as a practice ground for buglers, for here is the most outof way corner obtainable for practice, and dia bolical an tbe noises that tbe learners make. A hundred years is a long time ; it is interest ing, therefore, to aote tbe respect still paid te the graves of brave Frenchmen in a place where space is very valuable. All sorts of legends crowd around tbis lencly spot. It is, ef course, haunted ; and ia tbe old days, no sentry there would keep at his post at midnight. Flogging as a preventive of the terror was useless, and eventually the sentries had to be doubled. Nowadays the ghost is seldom seen, and even when it appears no two accounts agree as to what its form may be. Its lateBtauthenticated appearance was at the time of the last feniaa scare, about fifteen years ago, when a guard was established to look after the magazine hard by, and the sentries had orders to shoot aay one wbo did not halt at the chal lenge. It was on a winter evening, deep snow upon the ground, and all bad gone well till after midaigbt Then suddenly, there came a sentry's challenge,' and almost immediately a report of a rifle, followed sbortly by another. The guard turned out, racing hither an! thither in the snow, raising a hue and cry first in this direc tion, then in (hat. At last tbiuga settled down, and when tbe captain of the guard investigated the matter, be learned from tbe sentry that a large black ' Thing ' had jumped over the graveyard wall and run at bim oa all f»urs when be ohaltyf«d. He fired, whereupon tbe ' Thing ' rose to its feet, and rnDning sometimes oa all fours, sometimes up right, rushed toward* tbe creek followed by the sentry and tbe guard. Arrived at tbe creek it plunged in, breaking tbe ice, and though tbe pursuers waited lvng nothing was ever seen »f it again. Thecaptaio, but half believing tbe story, yet thinking that some attempt may have been made, went and looked for traces of tbe footsteps, which Here visible enough in tbe moonligLt. And now comes the extraordinary psrt of tbe story. For twsaty yards there would be a man's footprints, then, far a spice, those of a large animal ; sometimes the one, sometimes the other, but atver tbe two together! ' ?? '.;' '-Jfei\ Thus tbe Fortoa mystery. The ice was broken aud the meek dragged lue uext day, but nothing wts ever fouad. No saliifaotory solu tion has ever been discovered, for tbe footprint* began suddenly in the centre of the old burial ground, and led thence to the magcEine, some limes man and sometimes beast, until they snded on tbe shtre of the creek. There are other ghost stories bangiag around Ibis spot, but they are mostly gruesome and bornble, rather than ioterestiug. Oue, how ever, is worthy of mention Btnee it has a path etic tendcrne.es about it, not usual in tbe ghost -tory, though it is only remembered nowadays by '' Hve badgers' after the second gallou. Once, long age, tbe two sentries were surprised to see a woman coming towsrd tbem in the twilight. It seemed early for a ghost, and wLile they still pondered and hesitated she came, up to them Red naid something iu a toreign tougue. (Spanish, they took it to be. They tried to explain that (hey did not speak ber language, but sbe ouly smiled sweetly and sadly, and walked on. They lost her in the gloaming, but presently as they argued whether or D» ahe weie a finest, one of them, the bolder of tbe two, peeped over the wall iato tan burial ground, und saw ber standing over one of tie graves. And beside her stood a French officer in uniform.so near that tier could see bis face, and they saw bin) kiss tbe woman as she came to him, aad they heard him speaking words of lore. Thereupon, the other sentry, who was not a sentimental nu, plucked up courage, and looking over the wall, too, sbouted out some coarse joke ; and ? itb tbe shouting both the officer and tbe lady vanished. Thereupon he fired, and both of them ran for it, meetiig the guard before they bad gone many atepfyjid the sergeant of the guard, com ing back with them, looked over the wall too. No one was visible, but on tone of the graves were some tall white floweis that bad not been there before. They dared sot go nearer then ; but in the daylight they went to look closer; tbe flowers bad vanished ; and all that they uver fennd was a soiled piece of paper oa which was written, *' Jusqu' a la morte — et spres.' However, ghosts are never set-u nowadays ; and they say tbat tbe buglers and tbe viofeus rattle of tbe Maxim havo driven them away. 