PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLT TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 4. The Speaker took the chair at half. past 4 p.m. NOTICES. The following notices were given: Mr. Moran, to move at the next sit. ting for a return showing the actual duties collected during the last financmi year on imports into Western Australia from the remainder of the proposed Commonwealth, and also the amount which would be lost to the revenue by the introduction of freetrado with the remainder of the Commonwealth. Mr. Mitchell, to move on Thursday That in the opinion of this House, it is desirable that. the Government should consider the advisability of encouraging and assisting in the erection of a water jacket smelter in the vicinity of Gerald ton, to smelt ores containing gold, sil ver.'lead, and cooper. Mr. Piesse, to move-That all the words after the word "colony" in the motion of Mr. Harper be struck out, and the following words be added in lieu thereof: "that a Select Committee be appointed for the purpose of inquir ing into the genefal condition of the Railway Department, with a view to placing the railways under the control of a commlissioner removed as far as pos sible from political influenice, and that, pending the report of the Select Com mittee being received, the official re cognition of all Railway Associations be deferred. Mr. Harper, to move at the next sit ting for kreturn showing in detail the expenditure incurred in connection with the Paris Exhibition, and an estimate of the probable further expenditure to the close of the Exhibition. Mr. Oats, to ask the Minister of Lands on Thursday-Whether he has received an offer from Mr. H. Scott to erect and completely equip a central winery, pro vided the Government guarantee in terest on capital for a terth of five years at 5 per cent. per annum, not less than £10,000 to be expended by the company the first year. Mr. Ewing to move on Tuesday for a return showing the total cost of culverts constructed by the Government on the main road between Waxalup and Morn ington stations during the months of March, April, and May last. Mr. Ewing, to move on Tuesday That in the opinion of .this House the erection of the workshops at Midland Junction should be proceeded with forth with. Mr. Higham, to move at the next sit ting-That a return be laid on the table showing the total amount of premiums paid last year by the various Govern ment departments for fire, marine, guarantee, of other insurance, together with the total amount and the rates paid thereon; also the average amount of acknowledged claims paid by insur ance companies to the Government dur ing the past three years. Mr. A. Y. Hasseli, to ask at the next sitting- Why the tenders for the War den's residence at Phillips River had not been advertised for. PAPER. The Colonial Treasurer laid on the table a copy of additional regulations under the Beer Duty Act, 1898. QUESTIONS. Mr. WALLACE asked-(1) Whether the cyanide works at Norseman public battery are completed. (2) If so, what is their total cost. (3) What is the work ing capacity of said cyanide works. (4) Under what terms and conditions the works are carried on. The MINISTER of MINES replied 1\. Yes. 2. £1,232 19s., d. 3. Designed for 400 tons monthly, but subject to variations according to nature of tail ings. 4. To take over tailings at 27 cubic feet to the ton and allow 80 per cent. of assay value, less a charge of 10 shillings per ton for'treatment. Mr. VOSPER asked the Colonial Trea surer-(1) Whether he recollects having propnised that a referendum slould be taken on the question of payment of members. (2) Whether he also remem bered having stated, in reply to a ques tion, that no special legislation is con templated for this purpose. (3)If so, how he proposes to provide for the ex penditure entailed by such referendum. The COLONIAL TREASURER re plied-1. In the Legislative Assembly on July 19, 1899, the Premier moved:"That the question of payment of members should be referred to the electors of the colony for an expression of their opinion at the next general election," and the motion was carried unanimuously. 2. Yes. 3. The Government intend carry ing out this undertakiigi and the ex penditure to be incurred will be nominal. ADDRESS-IN-REPLY. Adjourned debate: Mr. GREGORY referred to the num ber of assertions which had, he said, been made by the Premier during the last few days, that the Opposition had endeavoured to delay business. He gave the statement a flat denial. Every effort had been made by that side of the House to promote the passage of public busi ness, and he contended that the blame for the delay lay with the Premier. The object of the Opposition was not to aelay, but to turn out a Government they did not believe in, and they would continue to try to do so. The Premier contended that the division the other night showed that he retained the con fidence of the country, but he maintain ed that it did not. In that division the Opposition lost the votes of the members for North rirth and Dundas, both of whom were absent. The COLONIAL TREASURER : Oh, you don't know that. It is only specu lation. Mr. GREGORY said that they also lost the member for the Swan. The COLONIAL TREASURER: W( lost some. Mr. GREGORY: And three members on the other side rose and said they did not believe in the Premier's policy, but they were determined to keep him in at any price. The members for Toodyay, North Fremantle, and East Kimberley, all spoke, he continued, against the policy, but voted with the Government: to keep them in. The Premier also stated that the Opposition numbers in the division had been increased because two members from his side of the House voted with them. The members of the Opposition had grown all along the piece from the members who had crossed over from the other side of the House, owing to their disgust with the Govern. ment. There was only one instance he believed, in which a member had crossed over from the Opposition side, and that was, he thought, because the Ihon. member had an axe to grind, the Bonnievale railway. Mr. MORGANS: Are there no axes to grind on that side? DMr. GREGORY was not aware of any, except it was to get on the Treasury benches, which was a very laudable one. The hon. member then referred to the electoral rolls, and said there were six strong suoporters who always voted for the Government, and who only repre sented 6412 electors. Mr. A. FORREST: We can't help that. It is part of the Constitution. MJr. GREGORY said the four Cool gardies, each returning a member, con tained 23,361 electors, for whom four members were considered sufficient. The Premier thought by a few sops. in the shape of public works, he was going to claim the sympathy of the goldfields, but he would find he could not buy their votes, and that they wanted pro per renresentation, proper electoral laws, payment of members, and a democratic policy, and until they got that the Premier would receive very little sympathy front the fiekds. fla condemned the electoral laws, which re quired six months' registration before an elector could vote. The COLONIAl, TREASURERT: It is the same as in South Australia. Mr. GREGORY said what was wanted was that there should be a system of electors' rights, by which a man in the colony for 12 months could obtain one of these rights, say a month before an election. Thev also wanted the aboli tionaof plural voting, which was contrary to the principle of national representa tion. The COLONIAL TREASURER: It is the same in England. Air. WOOD: And in Victoria. Mr. GREGORY said the question of payment of members had been decided in the douse, and he urged upon the Government to bring in a Bill dealing with it this session, otherwise they would find their hands forced. An at tempt had been made by the Premier to throw a sop to the Labour Party by giving them the Conciliation and Aroi tration Bill, and he had stated that the Opposition were going to do their best to prevent it from becoming law. If the Labour Party desired to obtain the slightest scintilla of power in the House how were they to get it except by pay ment of members? Last session the Premier had opposed a motion by him self for limiting the day for working underground in mines to eight hours, but when it was shown to the right hon. gentleman that he would place his sup porters in a false position he climbed down. The Premier had also turned over one of his old colleagues, whom he had praised. He (Mr. Gregory) did not agree with the late Minister on the stib ject of the recognition of the associa tions, which, he thought, ought to be recognised. It had been said that the Opposition objected to the public works policy of the Government. They did object to the gross extravagance in the departments. Referring to the railway management, he said that 'on the Kal goorlie-Boulder line the system of issu ing tickets was bad. The Government were being robbed by their employees. The , COLONIAL TREASURER: Surely not. Mir. MORGANS : What would the railway employees say to that? Mr. GREGORY said the Government had tried-its best to coerce members on both sides by the intimidation of a dis solution. , it was their practice to dis tribute sops on the eve of elections. Mr. MORGANS: Does the Opposition want to get into power for that pur pose, to distribute these sops? Mr. GREGORY: No. We desire to get there as a protest against the prac tice. The COLONIAL TREASURER: You do protest, too much. (Laughter.) Air. GREGORY said that that was what he had often thought when he had heard the right hon. gentleman boast ing of his honours. In regard to the Perth Ice Company frauds, he desired to' state, in justice to the hon. member for .West Kimberley, that he had been in formed that that gentleman, immedia tely he heard of the disclosures, at tempted to discharge the manager of the company. (Hear, hear.) He was foiled, and he at once withdrew from the company. lie (Mr. Gregory) did not thini that the late Commissioner of Railways dr the member for West Kim berley wbuld have had anything to do with such nefarious transactions; but "he' blamed the Premier for condoning the offences. He knew the Premier had done it out of good nature, and with a desire to help those who had supported him in the past. Hon. Members: Oh ! The COLONIAL TREASURER: Not at all. Mr. GREGORY said that action tihould have been taken in public court. 1-le,deprecated the unseemly haste with which the matter had been closed up on the day that Parliament met. Mr. A. i',RREST : The company could not find the, money to pay up. That; was the reason they left it. so late. Mr. GREGORY said that a railway official who was suspected of having given information to the hon. member for East Fremantle had been dismissed.% Mr. MORGANS: Quite right.' Mr. GREGORY said that other offi cials .who were aiders and abettori in -the frauds had been allowed to continue in the service, and would probably be promoted; He hoped that the Indus trial Conciliation and Arbitration Bill would be made to apply to all Government institutions. A Police Commission had lieen demanded by the House last session, but the. Pre muier did not see fit to have it, so it was not appointed He would have liked to have seen some reference made to the c.sirihility of constructing the trans c.ntinental railway. He thought that tii;e Government should introduce a mea suss to make provision for the upkeep of ti: hospi`als on a more equitable basis, so that one part of the colony would not bi compelled to pay for its hospitals whilst another part received hospital ac commodation free: There was another thing he would like to say, and that was that the total cost of the production of all departmental returns and papers should be printed on the face of them. He would like to see a Select Committee to deal with the Perth Ice Company frauds and the-Nullagine Reward Claim. Referring to the finances of the colony; he said that it was almost impossible to get a proper statement of the financial position of the colony from the Premier. It appeared to him that to carry out the works at present anthorised would in crease the colony's total loan indebted ness to £14,500,000, and he wanted the assurance of the Premier that it was not so, or tell the House what amount would be required to carry out those works. Hc wanted to know, also, when the enrksE alt. nraant arrthain;d) renaldl ha co?nleted They were told that the Coolgardie water scheme would be soon finished, and yet they learned that of the total . cost of £2,500,000 only £600,000 had been expended. Could not the engineer who gave such close and detailed estimates of the cost of machi nery, etc., give some idea when the scheme would be completed? Out of the loan authorisation of £7,780,000 there had been raised £7,511,818, leaving £268,152 to carry out somei£3,000,000 of works. They were told, too, that the Premier had £979,000 in hand, but he would like to know how much of that was represented by stores, and how much was applicable to the carrying out of the work. In addition, there was a sum of £956,000, which had been reappropriated from works authorised by the 1896 Par liament, and he wished and wanted to know if that would be available for the completion of the works already autho rised to the extent of £3,000,000 or £4,000,000. The Opposition must pro test until the Premier took them into his confidence. When he did that, per haps the Opposition would retract some of the hard things which had been said about the Premier's policy Mr. MORGANS: Hear, hear. Every thing is alright. Mr. MORAN- The second Treasurer says everything is alright. (Laughter.) The COLONIAL TREASURER said that he rose at that stage to give some information to hon. members in regard to the financial position of the colony, pbout which they were so much con cerned. As far as he could gather from the speeches of Mr Illingworth, Mr. (Wilson, Mr. Harper, and Mr Moran, the action they had taken in supporting the motion, that the House had no longer an- confidence in its Ministers, had been actuated by the belief thaI the finances of the colony were in an unsatisfactory condition. It was a very serious matter, and if hon. members really believed that the colony was in a difficult financial position, or likely to be soon, there could be no more im portant question. He thought some other means rather than those taken should have been adopted to obtain in formation with regard to the matter. The demand for the instant dismissal of the Ministry on account of the unsatis factory condition of the finances would do no good-to the people of the colony. Mr. WILSON Why did you not give us the information? The COLONIAL TREASURER said that it was the hon. member's duty to ask information before he made a speech that went forth to the whole of Australia, and the whole world that the finances of the colony were in an unsatisfactory con dition, doing not only the colony, but tlhe member himself harm. MIr WILSON: The statements were takncu from your own figures. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that he was glad that he was able to overcome such a quickly-concerted at tack. Mr. WILSON It took you all your lhe COLONIAL TREASURER said t:1_ - attacks were not based upon know- I ledge. A they had had a trial of strength, he hoped they would now get on with the business of the country, ue cause they had plenty to: do and very little time to do it in. it was not the fear as to the nnancial position of the colony and the desire for economy that were the reasons that had actuated the action of hon. members in opposing the Government. If those members were earnestly desirous of preventing public works being proceedea with solely on economical grounds, they might and would have taken a dilterent course. But, without asking for information and without knowledge, they had set themselves to work'to displace the Go vernment. There would have been plenty of opportunities during the ses sion of dealing with the various items of expenditure as they would' arise. Mr. IMOIAN: Oh, oh! That is a political dodge. The COLONIAL TREASURER said there would have been such opportuni ties, and if, the Kouse in its wisdom thought that any work proposed by the Government was unnecessary and unde sirable to be undertaken at the present time, they would have an opportunity of saying so. It would be for:the Go vernment then, as it always had been, to take the course which it might think fit to take in regard to any action of the House; but if members' desire was the economical administration of affairs, it would take a good deal of argument) to convince him that the course thav had taken was the only one and the right one to take. lon. members opposite knew that they were in a minority in the House. They always had been m a minority, he was glad to say. They only numbered 14 votes. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: We once only numbered three. The COLONIAL TREASUI?TIR: Thenir you have got on since then. You are, however, very weak still. Mr. ILLINGWORTH. Why? The COLONIAL IRSCAJSUE T.R: . Be cause the people have no faith m you. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Continuing, the Colonial Treasurer said that hon. members had tried to. get the assistance of some members on the ·Government side of the House, and, although he did not wish to say anything disrespectful of the two members who had voted with the Opposition, yet he must say that' it appeared to him to have been a very un holy alliance. The question of Federsa tion haid been imported into the debate. The two members to whom he had re ferred were anti-Federalists, who had manfully and straightforwardly fought against Federation. But because he (the Colonial Treasurer) did not 'exactly take the same course on that occasion, those two members' seemed to desire on this occasion to support those who were really the head and front of the Federal movement. Mr. MORAN: That never' entered into our consideration for a moment. The COLONIAL TREASURESf: 'At any rate you do. it.. Mr. MORAN : You know you are un fair. Stick to the finances. The COLONIAL TREASURER said when the history of the Federal move ment came to be written in this colony, if his attitude were carefully referred to, it would never be said of him that he had deviated.from the straight. path of the Federalists, except in the direction of trying to get better terms. Mr. MORAN: It all depends on who writes the history. (Laughter.) The COLONIAL TREASURER said' the onl- thing that could be said about' him was that having been a Federalist since 1888,_ and having attended the Fe deral Conventions, and having signed the docnmenf. of the. Premiers' Conference, he, on his return to this colony, tried, the.interests of his friends and of the country, to get better terms. That was all that he had done, and having failed to get better terms-a failure'which, to a large extent, was due to the action of members opposite-lhe had returned to the nath, which he'had justly deviated from in the interests of the country. Then he found his two friends, Mr. Har per and Mr: Moran, 'who were anti-Fede ralists to the backbone-- Mr. MORAN: No.. Federalists just like von. (Laughter.) ' The COLONIAL TREASURER'. said and they found those members a few weeks later associated-with the membeirs opposite members who had done a great deal towards winning Western Austra lia for Federation. .One would have thowuht at any rate that if Mr. Moran and Mr. Harper held that he had sinned a little bit in -advocating Federation, they would have given hun credit 'for good intentions, and of not being such a sinner as the hon. members opposite, who as he had nointed out had worked for Fe deration. Mr. MORAN: You had more power a long way.. ' ' The COLONIAL TIIREASURER said the jnember foir Beverley had lost confi dence in him-because he would not fol low him in the matter of Federation. He (the Colonial Treasurer), however, had not fount himself in the position in which the hen. member now found him self-that of being in a hopeless mino rity. The little Cave of Adullam had given a lot of trouble, and the hen. mem ber (Mr. Harper) had received a gobd deal dE assistance from Mr. Moran. Those members had joinied with those who had opposed and insultea tae agricuira in terests of the colony for years past. He was surprised at the action of the two members, and .that they were so blind as not to see that the Opposition were making use of them for their own pur poses. Mr. ILLINGWORTH. 'Have not you made use of them? The COLONIAL TREASURER said the two members would see where their actibn would lead them to if they per sisted in.it. '" Mr. HARPER: There is an "if" there. The COLONIAL TREASURER said it appeared to him that possibly an agreement had been arrived at by the Opposition and the two members to the effect that if Mr. Moran would support the Opposition in the 'vote of last week they would. give him support when Mr. Moran's motion came on for discussion. Mr. MORAN asked if the Colonial Treasurer was in order in referring to a motion that was not before the House. The SPEAKER:I do not think there is any harm in referring to it, but I do not think it should be discussed. The COLONIAL TREASURER: . I am not out of order. Mr. MORAN: Don't .discuss the mo tion then. The COLONIAL TREASURER point ed out that if the Opposition were going to support Mr. Moran's motion, which said that owiner to the great alteration in the constitutional life of the colony the financial resources of " the colony would be adversely affected, they would be acting not altogether in accord with their advocacy of Federation, and their action would be difficult of explanation to the electors. He could hardly think that the Opposition would be so foolish. Mr. GREGORY: The condition was never made. The COLONIAL TREASURER: You are not the Leader of the Opposition -(laughter)--and until you are you have no right to sneak for your party. Mr. MORAN (to the Colonial Trea surer). You have said that it would ad versely affect the interests of the co lony. The COLONIAL TREASURER: When? Mr. MORAN: Thousands of times. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that, at the same time, he did not be lieve that Federation would for any length of time, and certainly not for a year or two. adversely affect the finances of the colony. Mr. ILLINGWORTH You said just the contrary then. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that the Opposition would not support Mr. Moran in his motion. It would be a disgrace to any nolitical combination of men if after advocating Federation with all their strength, they should sup "ort such a resolution as the outcome of the cause they had supnorted. Mr. MORAN: How do you know the motion is "oine to be moved? The COLONIAL 'ricr;ASU1tnca said that he would not be surprised if the motion was withdrawn. Although the hon. member had been lea into ?,t,? trap. the Opposition would desert hinu. They ,1 , would not carry out the bargain that was made. - Mr. MORAN:- What about these figures? The COLONIAL TREASURER said that the hon. member for Beverley had lose confidence in him. He asked why? Because of his (the Colonial Treasurer's) action in regard to Federation? He asked the heon. member if anyone be lieved that the existing duties on pro duce would have lasted longer without Federation than with it. *The great cry of the producers who were anti-Federal ists was that the removal of the duities would be adverse to their interests. Mr. HARPER: And loss of revenue. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that loss of revenuq had nothing to do with it. The farmefs only looked at the matter as it affected their interests, not as it affected the public Treasiry. Mr. MORAN: That is rough on them. The COLONIAL TREASURER *said tbat he did not care for that. Everyone did the same. People were practical and looked at matters as they affected their own interests to a large extent. He asked, would the duties have'been continued without Federation? Mr. HARPER: There is no chance now. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that there was a chance, and it. was the members he saw around him on that side bf the House who would help to maintaini those duties. They would not run away: Mr..HARPER: You will run away from them yourself. The COLONIAL TREASURER said he was pledged' to see that the duties were retained. If it had not been for the strength of the party which he re presented in that House, the duties would have gone long ago. The Oppo sition had made its platform freetrade, and Mr. Moran, who was a protectionist, and Mr. Harper, who represented the farmers, who were opposed to freetrade, had allied themselves'with the Opposi-: tion. Mr. HARPER said that .they' could not trust the Premier. The COLONIAL TREASURER: That is more rude than just. Mr. MORAN: It does not matter how rude you are. . Be just; you cannot help being rude. The COLONIAL TREASURER' said that the producers of the colony had a right that the rest of the colony should keep faith to the letter with regard to the duties, until they finally disappeared in,the.terms of the Commonwealth Bill. In the Federal campaign Mr. Harper had told the people that he was willng to forego the duties on everything but flour, wheat,, and chaff. All the rest'could go by the board. His own district, which produced those articles would be pro tected, and the rest could go. 'Did nar rowness and,self-interest ever go 'so far? He defied anyone to say they ever heard of anything so selfish. -The hon. mem- ber had not advocated the interest of the farmer; but of his own constituency. Mr. HARPER: Is Beverley the only constituency where wheat is grown? ' The COLONIAL TREASURER: Your own and others like it where wheat is grown. 'Continuing. he said that Mr. Harper might have been misguided, but he had certainly acted foolishly in the interests of the farmers and.producers of the colony. He did not propose'to; reply in detail to the statements of the hon. member for East Fremantle' with regard to the Railway Departmeiit. Mr. MONGER: It would take a year. The COLONIAL, TREASURER said that . if the hon. 'member ,were' in earnest .in his -:desire for. pure administration, 'he would give. the: hon. member a' Select Committee. Great injury was done in this way to the servants of the department, and to the .public also. Members of Parliament, if they had great privileges, had)also'great responsibilities. The Parliament of this country. should not, without'"great' care and under great .emergency, be used to take away the characters of people or libel them. These charges went' oroad cast throughout the colony, and per haps did irremediable damage to' good, honorable servants. Looking 'at; the question from a public service point of view, the official might be injured in a vital spot. Public officers had only their. good name; their reputation for honour and integrity. . - Mr. MONGER :'. .And' the man: who makes all these dirty remarks is absent from his seat.' The' COLONIAL TREASURER said Mr. Holmes had made some most in sulting, :disgraceful charges and: obser-' vations in regard to the accounts 'of the Treasury, all olf which could be easily explained away, and were altogether un deserved. The hori. member nught.have asked questions.in the House, obtained the idformation, and based 'his charge on those answers'; but he did not do that.. "Fools rushed in where angels feared to tread." ,(Laughter.) The hen. memberrushed in with a financial'state ment, and wanted to make out, in com mon parlance, that the Government hauid "cooked" the accounts. The accounts were published quarterly, and at the end of every year exactly in the same'form.: There was no difference whatever be tween the quarterly and yearly account-. Mr. Holmes had referred to £16,460 which was shown as a credit to the 'Ireii sury He had junped to the coicInu sion that the amount should have been nid in .Tnp whepr~as it. wansr hnwn a a credit to the Treasury. Thehon. mem ber could not understand why it should have been a credit. If he had gone to. any bank, or to anyone accustomed to keep suck accounts, he would have been told how it happened. This "£16,460, paymaster Railways " was money paid by the Treasury by the end of June, and which had not been recouped to the Treasury. Therefore, it was a credit to the Treasury. If they looked through the public accounts for many years back they would see this same item from time to time. It represented the last fort night's pay of the year, which last year was not charged for the year. The reason was that there was always some !overlapping of public accounts. The Government received a vote to pay the wages of these men for the year, and they paid those wages. Last year he had had a deficit to deal with, and he had not wanted to pay anything that he was not bound to pay. If they paid 52 weeks' wages in the year in every de partment, did anyone want them to pay 54 weeks in that yearP For years and years they had always carried over these two weeks. Until he had a lot of money in the Treasury, he was not going to pay more than 52 weeks' wages in a year, and certainly not in a year in which he was confronted with £250,000 of a deficit. In regard to the gold purchased at the Paris Exhibition (£12,877) that, of course, was shown as a credit. If they sold the gold. they would reco.m them selves. The £22,157' to the contingents was shown to the credit of the Govern ment. They had paid out that amount and had not received back the vouchers. The Government had paid all the money allocated by the House; but this was additional, and not allocated. A great deal of it belonged to the Imperial Go vernment, and the accounts had just now, he believed, been concluded. Out of the amount, a sum of £13,000 was claimed from the Imperial Government, and the other would be paid monthly throughout the year until the, contin gent was finished. Hon. members seem ed to think that the Treasury was so elastic that it could pay £30,000 or £50,000 without a vote on a matter that had never been before the Legislature. His idea was that that was too much for any Treasury. They must distribute it over the year. The main reason why this was not paid was - because there was, on1, £8,000 or £9.000 which belonged to them. The balance was to the Imperial Govern ment, which they would be recouped. These matters, to which Mr. Holmes re ferred, were matters which occurred every day in their accounts. It showed the recklessness of the hen. member when he got up and made charges. which were wild and random. He re flected on everyone's integrity and ho pour, and while making these terrible charges a.ainst officers of long stand ing. experience, and probity, he laughed all the while. as if it were a good joke. He thought it a splendid thing-a laugh ing matter-to try his best to take away the characters of wood, honest penple. (Hear, hear.) It showed that the hon. member was an uneducated man. and that he bad allowe4an unem gatedmind to run riot. (Laughter.) It would do him a great deal,more good if he tried to learn something of the world and of the civilities and the".courtesy common amongst men of the present day. Mr. VOSPER: Who wrote that? (Laughter.) The COLONIAL TREASURER: The hon. member will readit perhaps in the newspapers. Mr. ILLINGWORTH:' It is not a very good school,, you know, this one. Mr. WILSON: He has caused' a lot of discussion, anyway. The COLONIAL TRE4SURER said he now came to the part of his remarks which perhaps would be more interest ing, to the people of this colony at least. The object of the Opposition, as pro claimed by its leader and.also the ob ject of his hon. friends who sat on the Government side, the hon: members for Beverley and East Coolgardie, was to prevent the continuance of the public works policy at the present time.. Mr. MORAN: Absolutely wrong. I never said anything df the kind. . The COLONIAL TREASURER: That is the outcome of the motion.' Mr. MORAN: It only leaves you about £3,000,000 to do yet. The COLONIAL TR SURE said the hon. member was opposed to the carrying out of any new public works.. Mr. MORAN: Yes. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that there were only two or three: works that the hon. member was opposed to, if he said that the Goomalling railway works were sufficiently commenced (though the people would want it car cied further than was 'authorised at present). There were only three, works, he repeated. Mr. MORAN:' Five. The COLONIAL TREASURER:: The Leonora, Liannine, and Norseman rail ways. • What are the other two?' Mr. MORAN: 'The Perth water scheme. The COLONIAL TREASURER: It is not submitted yet. "Mr., MORAN: Don't talk about it, then. You are only bluffing the coun try. The' COLONIAL' TREASURER.: What is the other?. Mr. MORAN: The Fremantle dock. The COLONIAL ,TREASURER said that he would not admit that the Gov ernment intended to carry out the Perth water scheme this session. They would consult hon; members about it. He wanted to noint hon. members to the works that they did not want carried out. ' Mr. MORAN: That is your game. The COLONIAL TREASUREER said these were- the- Leonora,: Nannine, and Norseman railways; an'd the Fremantle dock. He was obliged to. the 'member -for East Coolgar die and the members 'opposite, ,for :they 'were now on safe. ground.: He. wished to say that all these works had been authorised and approved by,both Houses of Parliament. .Mr.' MORAN :-No, they have not. The Norseman has not. The COLONIAL TREASURER: beg ged the hon. member's pardon. ' The hon. member was quite "right.' All the others had. however. He thought this was'a valuable ~piece of information that. he had from' the hon. member for East Coolgardie, and, no doubt, the reasons which animated the member fot Beverley were the same. Perhaps the member for' Central Murchison would tell thdm what he had in his mind. ; Mr. ILLINGWORTH: We want an other Government to carry them out. "' The COLONIAL TREASURER: That would mean delaying the works till 1901 or 1902. ' Mr. WILSON: Who has, kept the Nanine 'railway.back for five years? ,The COLONIAL TREASURER said he supposed the present Government. He was willing to take the responsibility for that, but he did not wish to keep it' back any longer. If hon. members wanted to keep it back further,. they mniust take the responsibility.' S:Mr. ILLINGWORTH . Will you take the responsibility up to date? The COLONIAL TREASURER would up to the beginning of this session. He did not believe.the hon. members had been actuated by any desire for economy. That was only a political subterfuge,.and. was mixed up with disappointment and chagrin on the part of his -friend the member for Beverley with regard to Fe deration. They must have a scapegoat for all the sins of the Federalists, and, instead of blaming those who had, per haps, just as much responsibility as him self in that matter, they made him the scapegoat, and put all the sins on his shoulders, and'sent him forth into the wilderness. Mr..GEORGE (with mo'irirful impres. siveness):. Ichabod, Ichabod, thy glory has departed! (Laughter.) " . An Hon. Member: .Where is that from? " Mr. GEORGE: Shakespeare. (Laugh ter.) ' " The SPEAKER : Order I The COLONIAL TREASURER' said the Government had been much misrep resented about these works.' There was really only one work in their programme, the Norseman railway-- and' that had been assented to by tne' Assembly which had not been aporoved :by' both Houses. Had this been a Tenurie mo tion, the hen. members would not have ?'..1^. 44. ....;.g.^? C.1?^,, r,;A- I?-" mn..IA have dealt with the matters on their merits, as they had -'e right to do, as the- came before them. Another thine. they did not want these worksto be par ticularised. and to incur., the odium of voting auainst the Nannine railway. The member for North\?Coolgardie did not want to vote against the Leonora rail way. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: Was it not a constitutional proceedingP " The COLONIAL TREASURER : You can ask questions presently. That, he continued was the reason-why the mem bers of the Opnosition wanted to defeat the Government on the general issue, the motion of no-confidence. They knew the country would resent it, as the fields were doing now. He should be able to show that the colony was in a sound and flourishing condition. The task he had before him that night. and he should presently,ask the Speaker to leave the Chair so that he might come back to his task refreshed-(laughter)--was not to show that the colony was insolvent, but that it was quite solvent, and that we did not owe any money at all. (Laugh tM. ILLINGWORTH: Then we will eo for the transcontinental railway. The COLONIAL TREASURER said when he had done that he would be quite ready to hear the .._licisms of 4lon. members. The Speaker left the Chair at half-past 6 .m. The Speaker resumed the Chair at half-past 7 p.m. The COLONIAL TREASURER (re suming) said he would like to refer to the works the construction of which the Opposition and Mr. Moran and Mr. Harper opposed. First of all, there was the Leonora railway, for which £60,000 had been passed last year. That work 'could be put in hand almost im mediately, and it was justified by the importance of the district it would serve. It was the second goldfield of the colony, and the importance of the district they would recognise when he told them that from Menzies to the north and the east the telegrams despatched over the wires were at the rate of 136,000 a year, and The revenue derived from them at the rate of over £5,000 a year. Then there were the Nannine railway, authorised in 1896, and the Norseman railway, both of which works they wished to shelve. There was also the Fremantle dock, and certain works in the Kalgoorlie dis trict which hon. members held ought not to be gone on with. He wanted to go on with that. The loop line round about the Boulder Mr. MORAN: That is not one of the four. The COLONIAL TREASURER: It is one of ours. Mr. MORAN It is one of ours, too, perhaps. The COLONIAL TREASURER: You don't know your own minds. Continu ing, he said that when they came to any particular item the opponents were not 1 there at all. There was the water supply. Mr. MORAN: I call that all a bluff. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that if there was one thing which de manded attention, it was a proper water supply for Perth and Fremantle. Mr. MORAN: You said you would not touch that. .-The COLONIAL TREASURER said if Mr. Moran kept on interrupting, he would appeal to the Speaker. The ship ping and'tradb of the~ olony were suf fering from the want of a proper water supply. Yet Mr. Moran would not touch it and would not have a Select Committee to inquire into it. They did'not object to the Fremantle Harbour Works being gone on with. "Mr.ILLINGWORTH: We cannot stop it. The COLONIAL TREASURER: Yds, you can. Mr. MORAN:!' The. British puiblic could soon stop it. " The COLONIAL TREASURER said that if the House did not waht the works gone on with, they could be easily -stopped. Then there was £20,000 for the lighthouse on thfe Fish Rock. Mr. Moran did not want that gone on with. Mr: MORIAN: Not if you have not got the money. " The COLONIAL TREASURER: Now youare on another tack. Mr. MORAN:. That is the tack we have gone on. The COLONIAL. TREASURER said that now he would come to the financial position of the colony. He felt-that he had a right to some consideration in that matter, after managing the affairs' of the colony for ten years. If he had not managed.them so long, he would, after the wail of the members for East .Coolgardie and Beverley---! Mr. · VOr PER'" Not like,the Bunbury whale (Langhiter.) The COLONIAL.TREASURER: And the.member for East Freinantle,: feel that it was time to do something. (Hear, hear.) If, he continued, they excluded from'the public debt of-the colony the £86,000 borrowed by the Agricultural Bank, and £44,538. borrowed by the Land Purchase Board, which were se cured upon mortgage of proerties' and paying interest- Mr. VOSPER:..What are the debts due by the whole colony . The "COLONIAL TREASURER said that those he had mentioned were self supporting assets. " Except those debts, which were not public debts; except that they were secured upon the public re venue of the colony, the public debt of Western Australia on June 30 last was £11,297,479. However, the Govern-' ment had m .hand some £900,000 from loans, and £280,000 in land they had purchased from the Great . Southern Railway, Company-(laughter)-which they were disposing of, and which were charged in the publici accounts at £x00,000, but some had been raid off since it- was entered 'in the books. There were over 2,000,000 'acres pur chased . That\was.a'reproductive asset. -Mr. MORAN: What about the other land? S.The COLONIAL TREASURER' said that that' land had been purchased, and it was a reproductive investment, so that, after taking credit for those items on June 30, the debt of the colony was, in round-numbers, £10,000,000, 'or £55 per' head of the populationi. Mr. MORAN: That is what you are -paying interest, on, you mean - The COLONIAL TREASURER said that he was not dealing with that at all. The railways of the colony, on June 30, were, valued at £7,000,000. Thati was what had been paid for them, and it equalled £40 per head of the population. Those railways were self-supporting. 'They paid working expenses,- and inte rest. and sinking fund, and more than that, they contributed in some measure to the general revenue. .Thatacconuted for £40 out of the £55 per head of the whole public debt of 'the colony. There had been already eipended on the Fre m'nantle Harbour -Works - and the Cool gardie Water Scheme,, roughly, about £1,400,0u0 or about £8 pier head. Those works were not self-supporting at the present time, but they, were under taken on the basis of being self-support ing. That amounted- to £8 Gper head', and all the other works they had construct ed amounted- to £7- :per head. or a sum equal to a charge of 5s. per head per annum. That would be the burden of .the ,colony as soon 'as the Fremntle' Harbour Works and. the '-Coolgardie Water Scheme were self-supporting. . Mr -VOSPER - What'is the totalfva lue df the assets?. ' ? The COLONIAL TREASURER: What assets?. , Mr. VOSPER : ?The assets you men tioned against the debts. The COLONIAL TREASURER: About £7,000,000., 'Mr. VOSPER: Have you a customer ?, The COLONIAL -TREASURER said that he could get one if he wanted one. The vpopulation of the colony had increa sed in the past-year by about 10,000 peo ple.- Supposing'the- public- debt in creased at the rate of one'million per an?um during the inext ' three years, which.he thought' was not -improbable after all-the works theyhad in hand were completed. the . -debt -would be £014,000,000. Surely they might expect during the time those -works were going on the population would increase, so that they wouid.have a population of 210,000 or 200,000 at-the lowest estimate. The cost of-the railways at that time would have amounted -. to £8,000,000.. They woulQ oe seu-suppur'ug Lams: U4 Lacy were now. ;The Coolgardie Water Scheme, the Fremantle Harbour Works and the dock perhaps'would be self-sup porting. so that there would be £12,000,000 of the loan money self-sup porting. and £2,000,000 not self-support ing. , That meant that the burden on the people of the colony would be only in respect- of the noin self-supporting £2,000,000, which' would be equal to a charge of 7s. ner annum per head of the population. : -Mr. VOSPER: We have seen those statements by the Premiers of the other colonies. and they were all false. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that he desired to get on, and they could deal with his statements when they saw them in cold print. There was never a time in its history that the country was in a sounder condition. After 10 years no additional taxation had'been placed upon the "eople. , The taxation had been reduced to the extent of £500,000, with a splendid revenue of two and three quarter million pounds in round num bres. ?rThey had over a million in cash in the Treasury. Mr. MORAN: For what ' The ,COLONIAL TREASURER :You look in the public accounts. . Mr.. MORAN : You count stores as cash, then. The COLONIAL TREASURER: No. I say in coin. Mr. MORAN: You are counting Sav ings Bank funds. The COLONIAL TREASURER: I am counting those funds, certainly. Mr. MORAN: They are not yours. The COLONIAL TREASURER said that he used them if he liked. There was £1,200,000 in cash in the Treasury on Jpne 30. The record of the past 10 years was something-for everyone in that House and the cduntr'yo'be jroud of, instead of the carping criticism ~o which they were subjected year after year. While considering the liabilities they should also look at their assets. They had reproductive, self-supnorting assets, and he was not -oing to allow the public 'debt to be called a burden on the coun try. Did he understand that the Qppo sition and the hon. member for East Coolgardie were opposed to the Govern ment purchasing the Midland railway on reasonable terms?, Mr. MORAN: Yes. Absolutely. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: It depends on the price. Thei COLONIAL TREASURER: If you are in a state of insolvency why buy anything? There is no reason why we should not buy the line if we can make it pay. (Hear, hea.t) I ,want to know if my friends are opposed to this project. Mr. MORAN: Buying now, yes. The COLONIAL TREASURER said the hon member was the farmer's friend, yet he was opposed to this project for settling the people on the land. Mr. MORIN : You are talking un truths now. (Laughter.) The COLONIAL TREASURER (laughing): You must not get annoyed. You criticised me, and I am criticising you now. 'Mr. MORAN: I am sorry.for you. I don't like to see you making a fool of yourself. (Laughter.) The COLONIAL TREASURER said that when the'terms for the purchase of the line got down to a reasonable basis they would not find him afraid to come to the House with a recommendation if he thought the country could afford it, and.thht the line would pay. (Hear, hear.) The Fremantle dock was an ab solute necessity. , He pointed to thehis tory of the past to show that hon. mem bers had not been afraid to. embark on loans. The Opposition had always adop ted' the policy of calculating that the country owed the money before it spent it. The £7,000,000 authorised in ,1896 had been borrowed, and no disaster had resulted. Their prosperity had in creased, the population' had in creased, and large towns. had:. arisen where the kangaroo (and very little of him) had roamed at large; (Laughter.) All he could' say was, that if they were to look forward now to the population decreasing and the public debt increas ing, .that we were to do nothing, spend nothing, or build railways, he said let them await their doom; and let it come unon them as they were, and not stir hand or foot to open up the'country or do anything. The ,population increased 10,000 last year, and he saw no reason why it should not increase another 10,000 this year, because it was-the best coun try of the group, and if Federation was to break down all: barriers and. unite them, they might fairly expect all the good things his friend had foretold, and which he hoped would, come. to pass. Were they to go on in such "a way that the height oftheir aspirations was to have only 180,000 people alone to inhabit the' territory of Western Australia? Surely they looked forward to the coun try being peopled by a laige number of' their countrymen from 'England and' Eastern Australia. Were they, with all these advantages, to act as if they had no confidence in their gold mines being 'permanent, and as if they had no faith in their country with its resources? Mr. MORAN,: Tell us about the pro bable revenue under 'Federation "and' about' the loss of revenue.' The COLONIAL TREASURER "said it was 'an extraordinary thing that, he should have to stand up as the represen tative of. the goldfields in this country, which were represented by six members of their own. These members were op posing the lines which were designed to open up the auriferous resources of the country, to 'assist that industry which had made us what we were, and had been the backbone of the country. at'the pre sent time,: not forgetting the great agri cultural industry. But the goldmining industry was in shackles and chains, and could not prosper unless it had:this com munication, and here he was standing up and trying to get this great desideratum, and these six members said they did not want them. Mr. OATS . No. The COLONIAL TREASURER said ought it not .'to be :the other way. that he,' charged by the. people" of the. country with the finances of the country -to keep it solvenit--as he had done~for the last 10 years-would be 'careful and not anxious to do these works, and that' these six members would try to, force his hand and make him do what' they thought would be to the advantage of the country? .But it was not 'so, and he stood there as the mouthpiece of the goldfields.' asking the' House to give them the facilities they desired, which formed 'their,. life-blood. , and he regretted to sayjr that he was opposed by those who liad been specially sent to the H?ouse to assist and promote and support the interests of the goldfields . Mr. ILLINGWORrH: They will turn us all out at the next election. The" CLONIAL TREASURER: I don't care whether-they turn you out or in. (Laughter.) 'If, he continued,' he was' asking them, to do an unreasonable thing, to undertake some great work that would not pay,'but would land the country in debt and bring disaster upon it it would be a different thing. But what was he asking them to do? He was srging them to give these mines means of transit, not for those who would go there, but for the people who were there, and who were doing their duty to the people of this country. He was pleading'for these railways. inthe interests of the farmers of the country, in the interests of the towns of the country, in the interests of Perth and Fremantle-because they were as much interested in these railways being sent forward as the people on the fields themselves, because every mile of rail way extended on the fields meant more men employed there, and more markets for everything produced. Mr. ILLINGWORTH: They are all agricultural railways. (Laughter). The COLONIAL TREASURER: That is what I told them at Kalgoorlie. It is strange how two great men think alike. (Laughter.) How, he asked, could they go wrong in advocating rail ways that would pay? He could, say that if such ideas as seemed to permeate the minds of the Opposition and of the two hon. members he had referred to had influenced them in 1891, when they emibarked on loan expenditure with their population less than 50,000, and added £27 per head to their public debt, or in 1896, when they added £55 per head to their public debt, they would not have made the progress which they now saw. The same objections as were raised now were heard then, and there were just as many people afraid. Mr. MORAN : You were a sovereign State then. The COLONIAL TREASURER: It is all Federation then. You tell that to your friends, the Federalists, over there. If, he continued, they had had those ideas in 1896, where would they be now? Thosa arguments had always, been used. With the evidence:before them of the re sults achieved he could only come to one concllsion, that if anyone in the House held these opinions honestly and earnest ly, he could have no confidence in'the country, and he said, further, that if they had the same ideas and they per meated large sections of the community, they were not worthy of having the con trol of this great western side of Aus tralia.' He and his friends who had sup ported the Government the last ten years had been obliged to confront the very same arguments time after time. He had grown grey, talking year after year to the Opposition. Mr. GEORGE: What P You are not grey yet. The COLONIAL TREASURER said he had crown grey in the honourable service of the country, and he did not mind telling the member for the Murray so. They had been told year after year that ruin and disaster was before them, and still the colony had forged ahead. The revenue was two and a quarter mil lions, the trade was eleven millions sterling, and now that the mail steamers were comin? to Fremantle, we were no longer out of the way. We were on the highway to trade. and commerce and civilisation. If members on both sides of the House were-not satisfied with the progress and development'that had gone on in the colony during the last ten years they were very hard to please. The croak ers' of to- day had been the do-nothing croakers of the last.ten years. (Laughter.) They had heard the wailing speeches of his friend the member for Central Mur chison year after year, until one would have thought that one was listening to the Lamentations of Jeremiah. (Laugh ter:) Mr. GEORGE: He is a regular politi cal Jeremiah., (Laughter.) , _ The COLONIAL TREASURER, con tinuing, said that the people of the coun try, whatever they might do in the fu ture, would do what was 'best, but the people had stood by the Government for the last 10 years, and had not listened to the revilers and defamers of the coun try. That was what he called them revilers and defamers. (Laughter.) - In the near future it would be for the people to say whether they would still support- the members on' his side of the House, who by their energy, their bold ness, their public spirit;. an their faith in the country and its resources had made Western Australia what it is to day. (Applause.) Mr. KINGSMILL "said it was with a great deal of diffidence that he 'rose amongst those gentlemen who had been classified as revilers and defamers of Western Australia to speak. He must first express his gratification that, after the' threats hurled at his side of the House the other evening by the right hon. gentleman, he wasin a fit condition, mentally, morally, and physically, to continue the debate. (Laughter.) But, as.usual, they found the right hon. gen tleman did not carry out those' threats. He promised them a severe castigation, but when he spoke it was less severe than usual. His speech on that occasion and his speech on the present one was the old system of intimidation; which wasiso often applied to the House.. Of course, it was not so bad with those who had been long in the House. An Hon. Member : Your hide has got thicker. Mr. KINGSMILL said it was rather that the shafts did not carry so far, but what he did not like was the way in which the Premier referred to a gentle man who had only taken his seat in the House that session. Generally. mem bers taking'their seats for the first time were treated with more courtesy by the older members, but that courtesy was conspicuously lacking in the Premier on the occasion he referred to. He con gratulated the member for Geraldton on the way-he took the right hon. gentle man's threats,' and answered him in his own manner. The Premier had referred to a subject which he thought the right hon. gentleman would have been careful to avoid, namely, the division list the other evening.- He spoke about the ma joritj he obtained. but if they analysed the numbers they found it was not so' creditable as the right hon. gen tleman would have them believe. The House had been asked to express an opinion of the Foirest Government, and they, had saved the Ministry by a ma jority of six votes. Considering that the members of the Ministry themselves eacounted for five of those votes,-there was not much to. boast about as'to the outside, opinion of the Government 'es pecially when they considered that three gentlemen on the. Government side had expressed themselves in accord with the views of the Opposition. Mr. MORAN:" Eight. Mr. KINGSMILL said he could not endorse the remarks of Mr. 'Moi~a, as his figures had varied eight to two. The Colomal Treasurer had also informed the nevspapers.that had not two of the members on his side voted with the Op position' he would have had a largbr ma jority. (Langhter.) That certainly was incontrovertible. He also protes ted against the threat of'the Prdmier that members' in voting against his pub lic works nolicy would displease their constituents. He regretted that Mr. Piesse had had to sever his connection with thd Government, and that he had had to join the long procession of Mini sterial ghosts. (Laughter.) The Ere mier had charged members with a la mentable ignorance of the affairs of the colony. He would remind him, however, that not lon ..ago Mr. Gregory had put a question to the Government asking (1) The present indebtedness of Western Australia;. (2) the amount available from Loaps and Treasury Bills for the comple tion of works authorised by Parliament; (3) the amount which it is estimated will be required to complete these works; (4) the amount which has been re-appropri ated from existing authorisations ; and (5) the manner in which the Government proposes to recoup these moneys thus re appropriated. That, however, appeared on the notice paper-in the form of a mo tion for a return, which had had the effect of the information being delayed until after the debate on the no confi dence motion. In the face of that, how could they expect members to be aware of the position 'of the country? The Premier's references to the finances he characterised as an exhibition of expedi ency and ornortunism. He also declined to accept the Premier as a prophet, and quoted from his speeches in 1896 to show that his expectations in regard to the growth of the population of the colony had not been realised. It was a matter for regret, he said, that our debt per head had increased from £37 per head in 1896-the lowest in the colonies-to the highest, our total indebtedness hav ing increased three times, while our re venue had only advanced by a little over 50 per cent. He denied that there were six ,roldfields members on the Opposition side of the House who favoured the Norseman railway. Personally, he was ouposed to it, holding that it was not warranted. On the motion of Mr. Moran, the debate was adjourned. ADJOURNMENT. The House at ten minutes to 9, ad journed until half-past 4 p.m. next day. 