Fourth Zionist Congress r Dr. M. NORDAU'S SPEECH. Since. Ave last repoted upon the situation of the Jews at our annual Congress, there has spread before our eyes a picture, like an ancient melodrama in which, from act to act, the sen sation grows and catastrophe follows catas trophe, : Year by year, the misery of our race increases terribly, and without our consent, and certainly ; without- our desire, the book of Job, with all its 'terror; has become for us the annual report of ????.?. rthfi--nnsi t.i nn ?' nf.y --fill ft ?? Jrnvi sh nfinnlfi. Tho vfi.n.v .? ?. . v'. — — y- — ir ~ — ? ~ folloAving the last Zionist Congress has, as yet, ?beeii the worst of all others I have had to re port on '^iiAntr- Semitisni, which according to the . .?.-????v-fsaiiling r.-assurances of the heads of the com 'inunities of the Jewish people is only an ugly ? :and; passing fashion of the day, spreads to all i parts of the world like a prairie fire, which I rages the more as its circle widens. It devas tates one country after another, and endangers : the position of the Jews even in those places where they thought themselves secure, It takes shapes which the grimmest pessimism ?could not have, considered possible. 'All the ?, -ghosts, of the Middle : Ages arise from their ?graves and strut abouc in the middle of the day Even the ritual murder fable is again believed by the masses, and enrages them to such an ex tent that the property and lives of the Jews are. seriously endangered. The instances of the Tiza Eszlar and Xan ten were warnings which already have been forgotten. Polna and . : Konitz are again awful cries of warning, in the face of which the Jewish people cannot close .their ears. In Bohemia a Jew was actually (Condemned to death on the charge of having .committed a ritual murder, just like 400 years .ago — (shame !)— -and in the Czech districts ? Jews' are greeted in the streets with the sign of '.throat -cutting. (Sensation and cries of shame. . ' In the West of Prussia and Pomerania Jews ;are obliged' to leave the places where their an 'Cestors have lived from time immemorial,;. be-., ?cause their fellow-citizens persecute them with violent actions as the adherents of the, sect of murderers. : In Austria, the Polna verdict was quashed and a new trial ordered In Prussia the authorities met the excesses of the mob ' with an iron hand and resolved to maintain order In both instances the government have ..done their full duty, and have not suffered that .-acts of violence shall be committed against the ..Jewish subjects. Especially in Prussia, in the -highest quarters there was evidenced such splendid conception of the duties of a govern ment (loud and long cheers), that the Jewish ? people can only express their heart-felt grati tude (renewed cheers), but this intervention of the authorities has not improved, it has rather . aggravated the position of the much-threatened Jews. The mob was not allowed to give full play to its hatred. They were compelled to re strain their violence, but they in their hearts considered this restraint a new sin on the part of the Jews, and only long for the opportunity to repay them with interest. In these districts the Jews have literally be come once mere ' protected Jews ' of the Government, and depend to such an extent upon the good will of the authorities like . no other portion of the populace. We fear to think of -what may happen-; if by any ; action; or through any neglect they lost the favour of the authorities, or if a party came to the helm which .cared1 more for the applause of th e masses 1 than for justice. On the day on which the authorities . withdraw ?' ^their ? .^protecting ? hands, the- Jews would be completely handed over to their enemies. This is the position of the Jews | in highly civilized countries, in which they] pride themselves in possessing full 'civic and I political rights: ? Still what ? are' these humblings j and dangers compared -to the : occurrences in :Roumania ? ; There' a:catastrophehas ha]3pened:j the like of which J ews have -^not;'-. witnessed for four centuries-— indeed;;we'5 have to go back as far as the year 1492, to the expulsion of the Jews from Spain, 'in order to meet with a similar instance. ; It is true; that between these two periods individual Jews? have ^ suffered ; several were dispersed :: and ; scattered, others were massacred. But all the partial misfor tunes are no longer thought of when Ave con sider the tragic occurrence of the Roumanian visitation. On the -threshold of the - twentieth century, E urope is once more an eye-witness of a situation which she had seen last in the year j 1780, when 30,000 Salzburg Protestants: were j driven from hearth and home; because - of - their I religious convictions.- Once more .we see in- the j streets of all countries, wandering about, numberless ? unhappy ; people ; , ; behind {them death, facing them the uncertain with all its terror. Old men left lying by the road side ; mothers who broke xIoavit from weariness;; and exhaustion and could only give to -their v crying sucklings their withered breasts ;]men still in the bloom of manhood who yet: hoped ' because they still possessed their full consciousness, - who think themselves equal, because of their strength, to all dangers and battles, Avho - when- wandering though peaceful and friendly villages ask the bitter question : ' Why may these live and enj oy a comfortable existence; and not Ave ;? are Ave not human : beings; like they ? . Have Ave committed any crime ? Do Ave then desire aught, than to ; work in ; peace,- : and; -honour -. our parents, and to loA'e and maintain our wives and children ? ' - One hundred and . seventy years ago - the picture of unhappy Avanderers Avithout bread, and homeless, made such a deep impression upon those Avho Avitnessed the scene, that even after the span of a man's life had passed the occurrences Avere still remembered, and Geothe's childhood Avas so pregnated with the history of I these events that he incorporated them in r' his I ' Hermann und . Dorothea.' And yet . this ' exodus of the Salzburg Protestants Avas a' harm-,, j less Idyll compared to the exodus, of the J eAVS [ of Roumania. The Salzburg Protestants, who,. I betAveen ? 1729 and 1731, . had to suffer - the. i terrible fate of being .. .'driven- from their, homes . ' numbered 30,000. In Roumania it is a ques i tion of 270,000 J bays, of whom eighteen to tAventy thousand have already crossed the i frontier. ; Over 50,000 according to, .let us hope, 1 an exaggerated report,; a 100,000 [are^ ready to ! leave and all the others,- Avi th -the exception of ' a feAV. thousand rich . and; miserable money / makers', feel -the;/ ground burning beneath their ' ? feet. .Naturally, - the- Salzburg Protestants had to leave behind them their houses and their fields/ but ; in; their ; comfortable^ Avaggons they had a rich .store ; of provisions and household goods, and ini.these; waggons the . Avomen and children, the old and sick, Avere spared tho worst :hardships.of ; traA^ellingi^ahd.-they. drove before them droves of cattle Avhich still be tokened Avell being. The Roumanian JeAYS possess, for the greater part nothing but the feAv rags upon thefr bodies. The poorest among them do hot travel in waggons , or .by . ships, but' :;drag'i themselves iupon;,their '.wounded feet from one frontier; ; to;. another. . At home they leavenothingbut the boiies of their fathers -. in their graves, Avhich constituted tho only ownership in the soil of their native land. They had; to carry Avith - them nothing else but the Avanderer's staff and the unendurable burden of their memories and fears. The ?Salzburg -Protestants received on the Avay.many good' actions; from, their /. co-religionists, and in many places even: from; Catholics:; ,. ;everyAvhere ?the communities greeted- the Avanderers by; .the ringing of bells and the singings of hymns. Everywhere tended,-: befriended; .and were, the receipients of presents; eA-eryAvliere the preachers encouraged them Avith; kind. Avords- and accom panied the faithful on a part of their journey. The Rumanian - JeAvs Avere; on their road received Avith indifference, ,: and;.; Avith - many, Avith mis trust; and disgust :;,in6t seldom looked upon with : open1 enmity; ' and only in .exceptional cases did those of another belief extend to them a. help ing hand. Only among. 'their oavii . coreligionists . ... they found true; and -trusted men. , Avho .. fulfilled their duties as of brotherhood, and Avho Avill be and Avho Avill be blessed for this for ; time to come. Alas ! among their oAvn co-religionists — and. this is the heart-breaking part in the picture— they find not only heartless creatures Avho did not even turn their heads tOAvards the . . y tragic crowcl of wanderers, but' alas and alack ! in all two large numbers, there were such Criminal wretches who drove oft' the wreary wanderers from their threshold, and literally or allegorically had them hunted by blood hounds. And now the last and most important difference. The Salzburg Protestants knew ?Whither they were going. The Protestant rulers rivalled each other in their desire to find anew home for them, with special privileges and distinction. King Federiclt William the First of Prussia, of blessed memory, and other German princes gave them land and built houses for them. Their new neighbours re ceived them with open arms, and assisted ac cording to their means, to accustom them to their new surroundings. The Rumanian Jews have no goal, they wander planless about like a horde of Northern water-rats endeavouring {o elude the grasp of the birds of prey, and who as they pass, pounce upon and devour their Victim. No one desires them, everybody sends them farther on from their own district, and when they ask in despair, ' Where are we to go, What is to become of us ? ' the only reply they receive is a shrug of the shoulder and a turn of the hand, mercilessly pointing to the distance further on into the unknown, into the blue away, far away. In a former part of my speech I had compared the. Rumanian catasthrophe with the expulsion of the Jews, from Spain,, and in Justice I ought to mention that the Roumanian Government did not formally hunt the Jews from the country. To the contrary. They made every effort to retain the emigrants in the country They expelled only those Jews who by word or by writ specially by writ, des cribed the terrible position of our brethren in such a truthful manner to invoke the pity of their hearers and readers for the persecuted, and denouuce these crimiual acts which have been uninterruptedly carried on against them. Those Jews, who can endure every act of violence withoui a murmur, without an im patient expression, are not brought to the frontier by gendarmes and beaten. They remain in the land of Meir birth. The Rou manian Government has then a perfect right in protesting against the accusations' as if they \- ?' expelled the Jews. Now that is not the case. It prefers, or did prefer — fori must make a distinction between the former government and the one which has succeeded it — it pre fered to destroy the Jews in their own country Judge whether the word that I have chosen is too harsh. The Jews in Roumania may only live in certain large towns. Hawking has been prohibited. Nearly every profession is closed to them. A well-organised .boycott takes good care that the few professions which they allow ed to follow does not give them bread. There is no room for them in the public schools. For their own private schools regulations are issued, which are tantamount to an . hypo critical form of suppression. In legal disputes between Jews and non-Jews it is the general rule, of course there are many exceptions, that the Jew shall be condemned at every outset without a fair trial. It is self -understood that there is no protection of punishment for the insulting of the Jews by the expression of the most pestilential hatred and the greatest con tempt both in daily life and in the' press.' I do not desire to go into details, as you will see i', i is receiving a special report concerning 'th' affairs in Rumania. In short, the situation is . i ' ' i thus : Native Jews are considered as strangers I and are placed under the most an ti- alien laws known to Europe. The object of these laws 1 are first to withdraw from them their daily bread, and then to make it impossible to educate themselves. They are to be drawn into the very depths of ignorance and beggary, and finally to be buried in this dark grave. They are to be placed in a position compared to Avhich the position of the gipsies, even of the lepers in the middle ages, was resplendent. The pleasant hope is expressed that, placed in such a position, even the wiry J ews will, with the exception of a few, be in one generation, destroyed both body and soul. The Rumanian JeAVS recognise the fate that is in store for them and endeaArour to save themselves before it is too late by emigration. The Rumanian anti Semites regretfully see their selected victims take flight. They also fear the painful impres sion Avhich the revelation of such a state of affairs would have upon the public of both hemispheres. They then dexterously employed the apparatus of the press, Avhich is at their disposal, in order to publish in the foreign papers communications every Avord of Avhich is a down-right lie. The absurd story is spread that the emigration of the JeAVS is the work of swindlers and agitators. It is stated that only a feAV hundred JeAVS have crossed the frontier, although the statistics of the frontier inhabit ants, the Western Relief Committee, and the emigration ports corrected this impudent and utter falsehood. Statements are issued in Avhich the JeAvs of Rumania are said to be in an excellent position, and these declaration are signed by a feAV JeAvish trators and coAvards in order to shoAV them these have crossed the frontier cry of despair. There is no difficulty in obtaining the publication of these commu nications in the anti-Semitic Press Id now blooms in all '' civilised ' countries, and when the independent press reveals the truth then there comes the customary reply which, taking into account the temperament of the majority of the nation — never fails in its effect. There are Jewish papers which only slander the Rumanian Government because she desired to protect herself against Jewish exploiters and against Jewish domination. (To be continued.) ' Charity is the power which elevates man kind, redeems the unfortunate, shelters the \- poor, fosters sympathy, chprislies life, distributes mercy, scatter seed . of kindness, protects the weak, conquers the strong, and instills hope and inspires love. It is an essential fact in the onward march and development of modern civilisation. One ounce ot munificence out weighs one ton of ridicule ; one seed of bene volence Avill produce a crop of untold joy. Charity is God's money.' Messrs. Osborn and Jerdan, opticians, of George-street, Sydney, can suit your eyes, your face, and your pockets, as they are practical opticians and spectacle makers. 