To-Day’s Events.—Vinegrowers’ Associa- tion, 2.30 p.m. ; meeting Bendigo and Strathfieldsaye delegates re Back Creek Re- serve, Town Hall, 3 p.m. ; Enginedrivers, 8 p.m. ; Amalgamated Bricklayers, Trades Hall, 8 p.m. ; “What Happened to Jones,” Theatre, 8 p.m. Football—South Bendigo v. Cummeragunga, Upper Reserve, 4.15 p.m. Forfeited Shares.—Shares in the follow- ing companies will be sold at auction to- day:— Greaves, Slate, Reef, Great Colum- bian, North Argus. Religious Services.—Religious services will be conducted in the various churches to-morrow as advertised. Legislative Council Renewals.—It will be necessary next month for one retiring mem- ber in each of the 14 provinces of the Legis- lative Council to be re-nominated for another term of six years. Mr. Joseph Sternberg is the retiring member for the Northern Province, which includes Bendi- go and Echuca, and Sir W. A. Zeal for the North-Central, which extends from beyond Castlemaine to Strathfieldsaye. It is not anticipated that in connection with any of the provinces the Council’s recent average of one contested seat in 18 months (four contested seats in the past six years) will be disturbed. The Mayoralty—Cr. Ryan Elect.—AThe city councillors met privately in the mayor’s room before their ordinary meeting yesterday and unanimously asked Cr. M‘Gowan to continue in office another 12 months, in consideration of his having filled the position so successfully. The Mayor expressed his sincere thanks for the compli- ment, but declined the honor in view of the state of his health. Councillors felt that it would be unkind to Cr. M‘Gowan to force the position upon him, and then unanimously requested Cr. Ryan to accept the mayoralty. Cr. Ryan consented, and will be duly installed on Monday, 20th inst. The usual mayoral allowance of £300 was fixed. Cr. Abbott asked if the amount should not be increased, in view of the fact that the Jubilee Exhibition was to be held next year. The Mayor said he did not think any increase was necessary. The council intended to vote £500 to the exhibition, but that had nothing to do with the mayoralty. Regulating the Street Traffic.—Owners and drivers of vehicles should take notice that a crusade has commenced in Bendigo against persons who are unmindful of the city and police regulations. In the City Court yesterday several cabmen and other citizens figured as defendants for driving on the wrong side of the road, or furious driving or turning round corners at a faster than regulation speed. For the first-named breach John Kennedy was fined 1s, and A. Brewer, John Clift, Maur- ice Murphy, Robert Billman and Alfred Martin 2s 6d, while for furious driving Charles McInerney was fined 5s. In the City Council in the afternoon Cr. Laz- arus drew attention to the fact that several persons had been fined for driving on the wrong side of the roadway past the cab rank in Williamson street, and in the Mall. He thought that drivers were like- ly to infringe the regulations as there were practically two roadways there. A notice- board should be erected at those sites for the guidance of drivers. The surveyor was instructed to have a noticeboard prepared and submit it for inspection. A constable to stand underneath each warning notice, pointing with his baton to the regulations written thereon, would also be an improve- ment. Of no Conesquence.—Mr. Shiels (to Mr. Higgins who is speaking of the non-elec- tive Upper House): “Are you aware that it was a liberal Government, led by Sir Graham Berry, that gave us the Houses as we have it now?” Mr. Higgins: “If it were the angel Gabriel himself who gave it to us we would be compelled to say, in face of the present facts, that it was a bad con- stitution.” The Weather.—Yesterday was a mild, but cloudy day. The readings at Mr. J. B. Edwards’, Pall Mall, were:—Ther- mometer.—9 a.m. : 45deg. 12 a.m. : 53 deg. 3 p.m. : 63deg. 6 p.m.: 54deg. Minimum: 42deg. Maximum, 63deg. Barometer.—9 a.m. : 29.92 inches. 6 p.m.: 29.68 inches. The official forecast for to-day is:—Generally fine but cloudy, and in S.W. districts occasionally show- ery ; fresh north winds ; slight sea. A Badly-defined Footpath.—At the Eaglehawk Police Court yesterday Dr. B. S. Cowen answered a summons for driving on the footpath in Thorpe street. William Cook, town clerk, formally proved that the road had been proclaimed in the Govern- ment Gazette and the footpath defined. The doctor drew the attention of the bench to section 12 of the Police Offences Statute, which says that footpaths should be de- fined by posts, but Mr. Rowan, P.M., held that the proclamation in the Gazette was suffcient definition. Constable Molloy gave evidence for the prosecution. In answer to the doctor, he admitted that the footpath was badly defined and that he had suggested to the doctor to appeal if he were fined. Defendant submitted that the footpath in question was the most ill-de- fined in the borough. The P.M. said he was compelled to inflict a fine but as the breach was not a flagrant one he would impose the minimum penalty, 2s 6d. If Dr. Cowen wished he could appeal. The doctor, however, said he thought it too trifling matter for appeal and paid the fine. The Upper Reserve Sports Ground.—Cr. Marks, at the meeting of the City Council yesterday, remarked that the city should look well when the jubilee Exhibition was held next year. He therefore thought that the enlargement of the Upper Reserve— the only reproductive work, he said, under the loan—should be begun forthwith. The present was a favorable time of year to commence the work, so he moved that tenders be called for a portion of it. The motion was agreed to without comment. A Letter from Cr. Carolin.—The City councillors have been favoured with a letter from Cr. J. P. Carolin, who is travelling in America. He states that on his visit to Washington he had an interview with the Secretary of Agriculture, and other of- ficials, who supplied him with valuable information in regard to the construction and repair of roads, which he was for- warding to the Council. Councillors were pleased to learn that their colleague in his travels had not forgotten his hobby of road-making, but did not seem to be eager to fall to and study the publications on the subject. Shall the Flag-stones Go?—Cr. Abbott drew the attention of his colleagues yes- terday to the fact that the flagging in the Mall had worn very thin. It was broken in one place, and was a menace to pedes- trians. The Mayor said he would like to see all the flags taken up. They were un- evenly, and formed a very rough path. Al- though Bendigo had modern ideas on most subjects he thought it was behind-hand in sticking to flag-stones. The surveyor was instructed to prepare a report on the subject. A Letter from China.—Cr. J. R. Hos- kins is in receipt of letters from his son Gustavus, who is at Pekhoi, in Southern China, in the employ of the Imperial Maritime Custom House. He entered the Customs Department some 12 months ago, being first stationed at Canton. In his letter he refers briefly to the outbreak in the north of China, which he does not expect will affect him. He remarks that there is plenty of gold in the country, but that the Chinese will not allow it to be developed. He intends to leave China and return to Australia in February next. Renovating the Town Hall.— The in- terior of the Town Hall wears a rusty and discolored appearance. This has not escaped the eye of the professional decor- ator, and an enterprising tradesman wrote to the City Council yesterday offering to give a price for painting it. The mayor stated that several artists had expressed to him a desire to touch up and beautify the interior. He thought designs and prices might be called for. Cr. Abbott pointed out that the dado of plaster round the walls was only a foot high, and on this account got kicked and broken. He suggested that it should be raised to a height of about five feet. The surveyor was instructed to submit a report on the lines indicated for the consideration of the council. Christian Endeavor Rally.—The quarter- ly group meeting of the southern division Y.P.S.C.E., to be held on Friday next in the Baptist Church, will take the form of a missionary rally, at which addresses will be given by the Revs. Charles Tregear and J. H. Mackay. Malmsbury Reservoir Workmen on Strike.—The horse and dray men at the Upper Coliban Reservoir works, who struck for higher wages on Monday last, have not yet come to terms with the con- tractors. The ground is in a bad state after the rains, but as soon as it becomes dry and suitable for carrying on work operations will be actively resumed ; and if the draymen do not come to an agree- ment with the contractors in the meantime the contractors will call for other men. On Tuesday night, the spokes of the wheels of two new drays owned by the contractors were cut in pieces by some person or per- sons unknown. The matter was reported to the police, who are investigating. The Breakage at the Malmsbury Reser- voir.—Cr. Abbott reported at the City Council meeting yesterday that as in- structed he had inquired into the break- age at the Malmsbury Reservoir. He learnt that in response to questions by Sir John McIntyre and Mr. Bailes, Mr. Outtrim had fully explained matters. It appeared that the plates of the tower were not corroded, as reported, and that the breakage was due to a bumping log get- ting into the tower. The cost of repairs was estimated at £120, and they were completed in July. In the House next Tuesday he would call attention to the condition of the outlet works at the Coliban Reservoir, and ask if they intended to proceed with the erection of a new mason- ry outlet without delay. The mayor thought the Government’s action was very satisfactory. He never doubted for a moment but that the department would act quickly and effectively. The Government could not afford to trifle with such an important water supply, or they would lay themselves open to great blame. The Value of Advertising.—The new sanitary contract which was recently let to Mr. Henry Carr, and about which there was much comment, owing to the fact that tenders were only called for in the local evening paper, was finally ratified at the council meeting yesterday. It dates from the 1st inst., and extends over a period of seven years. It was also decided yes- terday to call for tenders for eight bridges in connection with the public works loan. Cr. Abbott remarked that the works were important and suggested that the ten- ders should be well advertised. Cr. Marks: I hope it won’t be restricted to to the local evening paper. The Mayor: Yes, we will advertise well this time. It is money well spent. In Good Health.—The health officer, Dr. J. McIntyre Eadie, reported to the City Council yesterday that the health of the city was good. Obstructions on Roadways.—The City Council in pursuance of their policy to remove obstructions on streets in various parts of the city, have called upon two residents of Myrtle street, Mrs. M. Riley and Mrs. M. Larkin, to remove fences alleged to be obstructing the roadway. Mrs. Riley replied that the fence has been in the position for 35 years, and if the suggested alteration is to be made she will require £60 compensation for depre- ciation of property. Mrs. Larkin replied that she has been in possession of the ground for over 30 years, and will require £70 compensation if her fence be removed. No action was taken by the City Council yesterday. There was a further complaint on the part of a resident of Jackson street about roadway obstruction by a neighbor through the recent erection of a fence, but the city surveyor states there is no cause for complaint. Revocation of a Reserve.—The Secretary for Lands has intimated to the City Coun- cil that the reservation of 8a 2r 2p, near the brick works in Hargreaves street east, as a site for municipal purposes, is revoked. A Queensland Duel.—At Proserpine a man named Thomas Trevarthan is report- ed by the police to have been shot dead by another man, whose name is not known. Both had revolvers, and fired several shots at each other. A Tram Accident Narrowly Averted.—A collision between a tram and a horse and buggy was narrowly averted last evening. As the 6 p.m. tram was going down at a smart pace to the Mall a horse and buggy, also driven at a smart rate along Hargreaves street, was in the act of crossing in front of the tram when the driver of the vehicle hearing the warning bell from the motor reined his horse in, and the tram just grazed its head as it was brought to a stand- still by Driver Cox. The escape was a lucky one, and the spectators of it were much relieved that a collision which seemed inevitable was averted. Illness.—Mr. Widburn, a brother-in-law of the Mayoress, a resident of Ballarat, but who has been staying with Mr. and Mrs. M‘Gowan since Easter for the benefit of his health, is now in a very low condition. Little hopes are entertained of his recovery. The General Election—With the approach of the general election in the month after next it is announced that a meeting of the People’s Party will be held at the Trades Hall on Friday, 17th inst, to discuss mat- ters. Golden Square Hospital Sunday. The an- nual Hospital Sunday celebration will be held at Golden Square on Sunday, August 19. The Tramway Service.—The tramway service, for some reason or other, was con- siderably disarranged yesterday, to the great annoyance of the travelling public. In one instance the tram ran off near Hors- field’s Foundry at Long Gully. In a se- cond case the motor broke down in re- turning from Eaglehawk and a delay of an hour was occasioned. In a third case a tram ran off the lines at California Gully. We are informed that one tram went wrong on every trip throughout the day. The present juncture would appear to be a fitting time to start a walking club in Bendigo and Eaglehawk. The New Electric Light and Tram Co.— The City Council yesterday received from the British Insulated Wire Co. a communi- cation forwarding a copy of the articles of association of the Electric Supply Co., of Victoria, Limited, and expressing the hope that the contents would be found to comply with all that was necessary in the execution of the work undertaken in the municipality. The communication was formally marked “received,” everything ap- pearing to be in order. Salvation Army.—Special limelight ser- vices will be held to-morrow in the Sal- vation Army Barracks, conducted by Mrs. Major Glover and Adjutant Hutchinson. On Monday evening Mrs. Booth will give her lecture depicting life in the slums. On Tuesday at 3 o’clock the new rescue home in Mundy street will be opened. The City Elections.—Crs. McGowan and Lazarus, who retire from the City Council this month, by advertisement return thanks for the confidence reposed in them by the ratepayers, and announce that they will be candidates for the suffrages of the rate- payers at the next election. Coupons.—A largely-attended meeting of the Bendigo Cash Coupon Co., Ltd., was held at the Beehive last evening. Mr. W. J. Campbell (chairman) explained that to avoid any delay at the commencement of the formation of the company the direc- tors formed themselves into a partnership till rules had been registered. As the certificate of registration had now been issued, they desired to transfer the busi- ness to the shareholders. Formal resolu- tions prepared by their solicitor (Mr. F. D. Jones) were then moved by Mr. J. B. Edwards seconded by Mr. J. Miller and carried unanimously. The financial state- ment, as read by the manager (Mr. A. B. Harrison), was to the effect that the so- ciety was in a very flourishing condition. There is a credit balance of £731 in the bank and the number of coupons issued shows that the company has found favor with the purchasing public. The heartiest thanks of the shareholders was given to the directors for their work. Meudell v. City Council.—It is under- stood, in regard to the case in which Mr. George D. Meudell, sharebroker, of Mel- bourne, claimed £100 damages for breach of contract against the City Council in re- spect to the recent loan, and in which de- fendants gained the day, that plaintiff has lodged an appeal against the decision. Police Protection for Bendigo.—The Chief Commissioner of Police has notified the City Council that its request for another detective in Bendigo is still under conside- ration. Euchre Party and Dance.—At the Town Hall last evening Mrs. J. E. Edwards and Miss Burridge, gave a euchre party and dance in aid of the Empire Bazaar in connection with the Mechanics’ Institute. There was a good attendance and the proceedings proved very enjoyable. The first prize for ladies was won by Miss Jess, and the second by Miss Heine. The first prize for gentlemen was secured by Mr. P. F. Hogan, and the second by Mr. C. Skewes. Mr. Honey- bone who acted as M.C., made the pre- sentations. Subsequently dancing was in- dulged in, and supper was served in the old court room. For Charity’s Sake.—The employes of the local Post and Telegraph Office have a custom of paying a small amount monthly into a charity fund until it reaches the sum of £10. This amount is handed over by mutual agreement to one of their num- ber who purchases a life governorship in the local hospital. By this means the re- spectable sum of £150 has been handed over to the hospital funds. Yesterday Mr. J. McMahon, of the Post Office staff, was chosen by his fellow-employes to aug- ment this amount by £10, making a total of £160 since the meritorious idea was was first mooted. The Municipal Association of Victoria. —The annual meeting of the Municipal Association of Victoria will be held in Oc- tober next, the date to be fixed when the date of the Parliamentary elections is de- cided upon. The Mayor (Cr. McGowan) was appointed yesterday as a delegate to represent the council. Protestant Alliance Friendly Society.— At the second fortnightly meeting of the Bendigo lodge of the above society, after the routine business had been transacted, which included four initiations and ten proposals (leaving the total on the books for three week’ operations at 52), an enjoy- able invitation concert was tendered to the members and their friends. Bro. Thos. Barnes, W.M., occupied the chair, and the Dispensary Hall was well filled. Messrs. R. Howell and O. Williams gave several songs and recitations in their characteristic styles, which caused much merriment. Messrs. Johnson and Man- ning sang three songs, and the latter and Mr. Bruhn rendered a duet. Mr. Bruhn accompanied the various performers. Presentations to Mr. W. L. Morgan. —On Thursday evening Mr. W. L. Mor-> gan, formerly stationmaster at Woodend, but now at Bendigo, was tendered a com- plimentary banquet at the Commercial Hotel, when he was made the recipient of a handsome illuminated address, ex- pressive of the regret felt by the residents at his departure, and of their apprecia- tion of his strict attention to his duties and the urbanity and tact he had always displayed towards those having business with the department, which had earned for him the respect of the entire commu- nity. The gathering was large and repre- sentative, and was presided over by the president of the Newham Shire (Cr. W. Glover.) The entire proceedings gave evi- dence of the esteem and goodwill enter- tained towards the guest. Previous to the banquet, which was carried out on a sumptuous scale, and in a manner reflect- ing credit on the hostess and her daughters (Mrs. and the Misses Keating), Mr. Mor- gan was presented with a beautifully framed past presidents’ certificate by the members of the local branch of the A.N.A. Manchester Unity.—The fortnightly meeting of the Loyal Bendigo Lodge, M.U.I.O.O.F., was held on Thursday evening in the Hall, Mundy street, N.G. Groves presiding. There was a fair at- tendance. Two friends were initiated members or the lodge, two proposi- tions were received. The toast of “Visit- ing Officers and Brothers” was responded to by P.G. Trounce, Loyal Dunolly Lodge; N.G. Cullinger, Loyal Gold Miners’ Pride Lodge; and P.G. Cook, Loyal Heart of Friendship. Sick pay amounting to £32 6s 8d was passed for payment. The receipts for the evening were £73 0s 3d. After the lodge business was over Bro. J. Bayley gave a limelight entertainment, and harmony was rendered by P.G. Wilson, Bro. McLeod, and N.G. Groves. A vote of thanks was passed to Bro. Bayley for his excellent entertain- ment. There were a large number of visi- tors present at the entertainment. The Bendigo Jubilee Exhibition.—After the Treasurer has dealt with the Budget, the committee of the Jubilee Exhibition will be called together, and a canvas of the citizens will be commenced. Mr. J. B. Watson has promised £25 to the mayor towards the guarantee fund. A Musical Event.—On Friday, 24th inst., Miss Bertha Bbird, who, from the extreme compass of her phenomenal voice is termed “the Australian Nightingale,” will occupy the Royal Princess Theatre with an exceptionally strong and talented com- many of favourite metropolitan artists, amongst whom are some that have never been heard here previously. Some highly interesting musical novelties are pro- mised, quite new to the concert platform. An altogether enjoyable evening should be in store. Full particulars will be adver- tised shortly. Anti-Women Suffragists.—The City Council were favored with a communication from Misses Carrie M. Reid and Freda Der- ham, of Kew, stating that they were for- warding under same cover a petition against the granting of women’s suffrage for the council to obtain signatures. They dis- played their inexperience of business by forgetting to enclose the petition, much to the amusement of the councillors, who were inclined to treat the matter flippantly. They were rebuked, however, by one grey- headed councillor, who asked that every consideration should be given to these young ladies, seeing that they had apparently been unable to obtain husbands. A Highland Dancer Killed.—On Wed- nesday night Mr. Stewart, of Glen Thomp- son, well known as a Highland dance com- petitor, who has been recently engaged in carting to and from the Mount William rush, was thrown from his cart by a jolt in the wretchedly bad road and killed on the spot. A Ghost—of Bad Spirits. — J. B. Johns, valuer of the town of Ballarat East, was proceeded against at the Town Court yes- terday (says a Herald telegram) on a charge of illegally carrying firearms on Sunday evening, July 27. Ac- cused called at the Warrenheip police sta- tion on the evening in question and said he had encountered a ghost, which he thought he had killed, having felled it with his gun. Constable Jones, the officer in charge, said that he accompanied Johns to Eurekaville, where the affray with the ghost was supposed to have taken place, but was unable to find any trace of the spook. The accused, he thought, had been drinking heavily lately. A fine of £2, in default imprisonment until the rising of the court, was imposed. Cheap Land.— 4000 Acres for £4 7s 6d. —Mr. John T. Newton, of Horsham, now a member of the third regiment of the Rhodesian Field Force, writes from Bula- wayo, under date June 30, that very great inducements are being offered to the men of the Australian military contingents to settle in South Africa. General Pole-Carew, addressing those in his regiment, told them that farms of 4000 acres would be offered to them at a rental of 17s 6d a year for the lot, and if the holder lived on the farm for five years it would then be- come his own without any further pay- ment. The land offered would, however, Mr. Newton, who is an experienced pas- toralist, says, have to be much better than it is before he would take it up. The monthly meeting of the Bendigo Total Abstinence Society will be held in the Tem- perance Hall on Tuesday next. Mr. W. E. Nicholls will preside, and an address will be delivered by the president (Dr. J. Cook). The anniversary of the Women’s Prayer Union will be held in the Temperance Hall on Thurs- day, 16th inst., at 3, and 7.30 o’clock. Addresses will be delivered by local ministers. Messrs. R. O’Neill and Co. will sell to-day, at the Victoria Hotel, the booths and privileges for the Leichardt Races, to be held on Wednesday, 22nd inst. A gramophone entertainment and concert will be held in the Wesleyan schoolroom, California Hill, on Wednesday next. The annual Hibernian ball will be held in the town hall on Tuesday, August 28. Tickets can be had from the committee or from the joint secretaries, Messrs. J. Jeffrey and Jas. Denton. A meeting of the Miners and Enginedrivers Anniversary committee will be held in the Eagle- hawk Town Hall on Monday, at 6.30 o’clock. Messrs. Howe and McColough announce that at the request of a large number of graziers and farmers of Shelbourne, they have had suitable yards erected, and that they will hold sales on the last Friday of each month. On Wednesday next, on the premises, Pegleg road, Eaglehawk, Mr. J. H. Curnow will con- duct a clearing sale of superior household furni- ture and effects, under instructions from Miss Clothier, and on Thursday next, at the A.N.A. Hall, a most extensive sale of superior house- hold furniture, pictures, carpets, china, etc., under instructions from Mr. A. M. Watson. On Monday, at 11 a.m., at his auction rooms, High street, Eaglehawk, Mr. J. H. Curnow will sell without reserve, a grand collection of su- perior household furniture and effects and sun- dries. To-day, at their rooms, at 12.30 o’clock, Messrs. Hobson and Co. will sell four freehold building allotments, situated in Quarry Hill, and having frontages to Graham and Duncan streets, under instructions from Mr. Durward. Particu- lars are advertised. On Monday next, at their rooms, the same firm will hold an extensive sale of general household furniture and effects, in- cluding drapery, boots and shoes, etc. The goods will be on view from 6 o’clock this even- ing. The White Ribbon Federation Fair announces its entertainment for several evenings, commenc- ing on Wednesday week. All classes are care- fully catered for in the competitions, consist- ing of fancy work, cooking, dialogues, and nu- merous other novelties. Messrs. McRae and Fairbrother have just com- pleted to the order of Mr. Lay, chemist, an ar- tistic stall board for his window. The frame is of solid walnut, carved and polished. The name is embossed on mirror plate, thereby making it everlasting. It has a very attractive appearance and is appreciative of the quality of work done by this firm in show cases, etc. In the Temperance Hall, View street, to- mor- row night, Mr. T. J. Cook, of Melbourne, will preach. He is a brother of Dr. Cook, of this city, and is a favorite with the metropolitan churches. A baptismal service will also be held. Messrs. L. Macpherson, Sternberg and Co. Ltd., call attention to their special sale of horses to-day at their yards, Bath Lane, when they will yard over 100 head, comprising draughts, me- diums, spring cart, delivery and light harness sorts; also hacks and ponies, without reserve. At 1 o’clock to-day, at their rooms, Messrs. H. M. Marks and Co. will sell by auction the racing filly, Miss Painter, presented to the Easter Fair by Mr. J. R. Kelly. Messrs. Alf. E, Wallis and Co. draw atten- tion to their Laanecoorie sale on Wednesday next, when they will sell 1100 sheep, 500 cattle, two stallions, brood mare, etc. The same firm also advertise extensive sales of property on ac- count of Mr. C. Bode, Mr. V. Pritchard, and clearing sale account of Mr. M. Kortum. 