THE BERKELEY SQUARE HOUSE. The most famous modern example of how ?stories of this kind can - be manufactured even In our day out. of hearsay and third-hand state ments is that of the haunted house in Berkeley Square, which seems to have received its popu larity and fame from being identified through some accidental circumstance as the scene of a similar story in 'Temple Bar' for 1868, by Miss Broughton, of a house in the country. The house In Question 'belonged to an -^p.pntic gentle man. He was in good circumstances, but chose to spend no money on it. For many years soap, paint, and whitewash were never used, and then by degrees began the most outrageous stories of servants' and visitors going out of their minds after sleeping, a night in on© particular room, while some imaginative individual was so car ried away with unwholesome excitement, that he stated that the very party . walls of the house when touched were found 'saturated with electric horror!' That, mysterious noises were heard at night by neighbors, thus giving rise to the apprehension that the house was being used by a gang of ^coiners, is probably true, for it subsequently ap peared that the occupant's eccentricity took the form . of wandering ud and down the staircases and passages during the small hours. The lease had still six years to run when the unfortunate gentleman died, whereupon the action of the sister, to whom the property passed, in refusing either to let the house or live in it herself, caused the ghost stories concerning It to be circulated more freely than ever. Finally this lady sold the lease, and the house passing to a sceptical ' firm of house agents, the exterior and interior were put Into a thorough state of repair. Ten ants were then speedily forthcoming, and as these, needless to say, neither saw nor heard anything abnormal, the 'haunted' reputation soon became a thing of the past. The manner in' which the series of outrageous spook stories had, grown to be connected with it was very cleverly and indefatigably exposed by the corre spondents of 'Notes and Queries.' Only one point remained to be cleared up when the house was renovated — viz., whether it had possessed the reputation of being haunted before the ec centric gentleman's tenancy. Fortunately, the butler of the previous occupier was discovered, and he solemnly stated that during the years he had been in the house, often alone, and at all hours, he had 'never seen any bigger ghost than himself.' The moral, if any, is, keep the ex terior of your house in good repair, otherwise a ghost may be appropriated to you with as little ?ehow of evidence, authority, or Justification as is the case of the so-called Berkeley-square mys tery. Tfie house was quite the -London ghost «ensption of the 'seventies,' though it is faid a certain house in Sloane-street then possessed, and may still possess, a far more substantial horror, an, apparition which could squeeze you as if In an iron vice. 