MB. VOSPEB AT FREMANTLE. REPLIES TO MB. HACKETT. A NOISr MEETING. What the Town-tall, Perth, was on Wed nesday night, as far as attendance, went; the Town-hall, Fremairtfe, wos on July 20. A great many persons were turned away. Tbe Mayor. (Mr. E. Solomon, M-t.A- presidEd^ and with him on the platform were Messrs. J. J. Higham- and J; J. Holmes,- M.Jj.A'fi, J. W. Baseman, ±L H. Wilson, w. f. joan, and J. Pearse (Mayor of North Fremantfe), arid others. The meeting was at times noisy, but after one interrupter had been removed it settled down, and Mr. Vosper obtained am ex cellent hearing. - - ? '. The Chairman said that the time was fast approaching when a vote would have to be given on the question, of federation.; Mr. Vosper had been asked to come fliere to re ply to Mr. J. W. Hackett, M.L. A, and othtt federalists, and tine chairman asked, for him a fair hearing. .. . - . Mr. Vosper, who ..was received with' enthu siastic applause, said that he intended to ad dress himself more particularly to the recent utterances of Mr. Hackett. He blamed no one for changing their opinions. Federation was like a kaleidoscope, always presenting a new phase. When a' change of opinion bap pened, however, without a change of facts, ha thought it deserved condemnation. - He was the first person in this colony to urge upon the residents the- necessity for getting certain conditions, principally 'die transcon tinental railway. l&r.; Hackett $ook if -f°r granted thai, our credit would be strengthen ed on the London market. Hercould not agree with that. Mr. Hackett. also said that file Federal Parliament would guarantee our debts- He based' his conclusion on elanae-85. All that .clause did was, that in the event of any State becoming impoverished the Federal Government may come to the rescue: In thip event of- Western Ansteilia entering the Goni monwealth its position would be as one to five: If aay of tbe other colonies got into difficulties Western Australia would be com pelled to help them. They would be taxed for colonies with which they had nothing to do. If men of Sir Julius Vbgel's orJSir Samuel Griffith's stamp came into, power in the eastern ' colonies the smaller colonies would be called npon to guarantee the defi ciencies of the larger colonies. The Federal Treasurer would have no control over thi loan obligations- of the State Treasurers, nei ther could he have any control over the ex travagance of State Treasurers. {Great' up roar and disturbance.) Mr. Vosper protested against the interrup tions, which' were in a feminine voice. Cries of 'Chuck her out' were frequent; The Chairman said he had sent tot ' tbe police. '... Mr. Vosper congratulated his federal friends on the manner of argument they chose to in troduce-into the discussion. He, however, was not going to be- thrown off his b&Sifce.; On the one side they would .go to London to' borrow money;1 'having only a small portion «f security to offer, and 'they would have Mi pay 4± per cent., while the Federal ParSarifeg; could get its money at 2J or '3 per jxxtb. ?*?*? i£ had been said that' the Federal -Jovern4i*nt would give them £1,600,-000 in retain Irk the public buildings which they took oven -ISiey must remember that the Federal Barlianient would have to take over the public buildings of the other colonies too, and that at a cos}, of £13,000,000. Look at the Sydney *f»est office; for instance, which stood .upon* land valued at £1,000 par foot What would ftat cost? Well, tbe first istep the Federal Cov ermnenf would have to' take -would' be tomor row an enormous amount, of money to meet-'its obligations in respect of bought, property. The interest on -that borrowed money -would ' be paid out of their pockets. r ???-.-. - Here there was persistent interruption in a shrill feminine treble that led Mr. Vosper to. remark-^-'! voted, 'for. '.woman, suffrage. VerilyJ I 'am getting my'reward.' - (Laugh ter.) . .. -V The sneaker on. being allowed to proceed said he would. like to remind them that jFffiey got £1,500,000 for their public bufldmOT^hSr would have -to pay their share of interest on that and on the moneys borrowed for baying the public buildings of the other colonies. -The sole advantage Mr. Hac&efct; was able to find that federation would bring' wonhi be the penny post and the shilling telegram. Well, the penny post might be very well, but- the shilling telegram woiild benefit the stock broker rather than the working. man. ''All the same,. lie failed to see anything in the bill to ga-trantee either the penny post or the smiling telegram. Owing to the fact thai1 the Federal Treasurer would have to raise ' £4 for every £1 be required they wosld therefore have to lose an enormous ainoont oFmoaey. In addition to that, they would lose £330,000 of revenue. They knew; Chat die taxation in the eastern colonies would be £2 12s. 6^L per'! head as against £5 -10s. per head.' It was the'' merest subterfuge to say that 'they were -going) to lose so much, and be compensated by -the-'; penny post and shilling telegrain. Mr. Hackett told them that they would not lose! any of their present government. They would retain all their present forms of ? government. He agreed with Mr. Hackett as to ? that. They would have their Governor an j ?their : two Houses of Parliament, even to the Speaker's wig and the mace of the Sergeant at-Arms. But, although the forms of govern ment would remain, the potrers would be a. mere simulacrum of their former selves.' The Pariiament- would .be a very ghost. . Clause 51, wiich contained what J&. Elingworth termed the 39 articles, handed over every thing upon 'which Parliament could legis late. Take trade and commerce wfih other countries and among the States,-- for in stance. Why, what did they all live- -or but for trade and commerce? But the powers of the Federal Parliament went farther. (Inter ruption.) He thought that there was only one oM woman -in the audience, but there were two. fLaughter.) The second clause gave the Federal Parliament the right to im pose unlimited . taxation. Of course, the: local Parliament had taxing powers. - But suppose that the Federal Parliament exec-, ckied its undoubted right and taxed any-., ar ticle to its fullest extent, the State, which would have the second mortgage,': not the first, could not hope to raise any more taxa tion on that article. On the one side they would have all the expenses of local govern-' tnent and very few of its powers. They would have to keep up the ghost of a Par liament, pull the strings, and pay the piper.. (Apptause.) Mr. Hackett said « that if be looked at the matter from the financial point alone he would have remained an antifede ralist. But in view of the political advan tages to be obtained he had decided to change his opinion. .Here Mr. Vosper quoted from a speech of Mr- Hackett's delivered in the Legislative Council nine months ago, in which that gentleman pointed out the tre mendous political disadvantages that would' accrue to the colony from federation. Mr. Hackett said then that the Senate bad been so weakened by the Convention in.-' Metbour&e; that he could not vote for it Looking at tite matter from a democratic point of view, Mr. Vosper argued that, although it might be very well' now for 'Western Australia and Tasmania, to have more than their fair share of representation, the tame would come when Western Australia -would be a very great colony, and they would regret' that they had submitted to accept the undemocratic Senate that was being foisted upon them. (Applause.) It was an utterly undemocratic tiling that a man in Tasmania should . have eight times the voting power of one in' Sew South Wales. The scheme they were about to enter was an absolutely undemocratic .one. He heard same one, ?wiio was, probably so democratic that he could not speak- on the subject, say that there could, be np demo-. crstic objections to the- bilL but ' he '(Mr. , Vosper) would show them that there we* democratic objections — and -those very strong ones — against the measure. In Western Australia at the present moment, if the people desired to obtain any reform, they could ap- { proach their members and have the matter j brought before Parliament, and secure, ii possible, a remedy for their grievances. How would it be, however, with the P-£iiainen£ tvro thousand miles a^a-y from them, and the Senate of suc2i a kind that the general body of th-i people could not easily approach, for the Senate would be composed mostly of wealthy men? T3ie colony would vote as one electorate, for its representatives in the Senate, and they would find that no one but -wealthy men could afford to undertake the cost which such an election would entaiL No one but a wealthy man, or'a popular man, would have an opportunity of securing a seat in the Senate, and the popular man, who would be a man with brains and ambition, would rather take a place in the House of Bcpresentatives. The Senate would be, as a- result, - a House of no particular culture and of no particular power. (Cries of 'Oh! Oh!') The Commonwealth of the future, he asserted, would be an un cr-mmonwealtbj (Laughter.) Mr. Vosper thec detailed tbe course that would be fol lowed in connection with dealing with bills in the Federal Parliament, when the Senate rejected measures which, had been passed by the House of Beprceentadives. The latter could not co- introduce a rejected measure until en interval of three months after it had been thrown out by the Senate ; whereas in Western Australia, under their local con stitution, the Legislative Assembly could re introduce a rejected bi31 hatf-a-dozea tames i'i a session if it so chose. Even after a comber of delays and -the adoption of dif ferent courses tbe rejected measure might oo wrecked when the two Federal Houses sat as one body to deal with it, even though a majority of those present from. each House should vote in faror of it. (A Voice: That's what we have ihere at the present time.) The i&terjector; was wrong, for the two Houses of Parliament isi Western Australia did sot sit as one body on any question. (Hear, bear.) The Commonwealth provided that, when the two Houses sat together to deal with a bill wiach had been passed by one and rejected by the other, the bill should be he3d to be rejected unless aa absolute majority of both Houses voted in its favor, and that, too, even after the Lower House bad been dissolved and returned again in faror of the measure. Mr. Hackett had said that tbe bill provided for universal 'suffrage, and that, on tbat account, it was an accept able measure; hob he send that because he was a conservative, and because he cnam piraed the cause of conservative institutions. (A. Voice : Td lite to know what Vosper is?) .(laughter.) Mr. Vosper, in reply to this interjection, said, 'WelL I thank God that I'm not you, anyhow.' (Loud laughter and uproar.) The interjector's voice rose above the din, and, when the chairman restored order, 'Mr. Vosper remarked — 'I suppose every creature h of some use in the world, and even tfee kind of reptale -that comes to a meeting of tfiis kind and interjects, serves some purpose. (Appiaose.) He is like a dog on a racecourse—foe is always there tall the police remove him.'' (Loud laughter and mere, iaterrnpfcion.) The interruption con tamed, for. several minutes, in the coarse of iwL'jch a constable forced his way through the crowd, and removed one man who was alleged to be the -most prominent of the in terjeetors. . Coutaiuang, Mr. Vosper said thai Mr. niingworth, in his recent address, tad ihade a strong point of what he con sidered to be the one-man-one-vote principle of the OommomweaJth BUI, but he (Mr. Vosper) could show them that, tinder th^ federal coOFfcifcntion, plural voting would be in vogne. He read clauses 30 and 41 of the CojntoonweaWi BHL and contended that the latter nullified the former as far as one man-one-vote was concerned. Mr. Trenwith (he believed that it was Mr. Trenwith) had pointed this out at one of the Federal Con vfentioDs, and he had endeavored to obtain an ^Jnendsneat which wonid secure the single vote, .but bis amendment was voted against by the now federal leaders in this colony— Messrs. Leake and James — and lost. Mr. Holder, Sir George Turner, Dr. Quick, and Messrs. E. Barton and B. E. O'Connor all held that clause 41 as it stood in the Common wealth BiH at present guaranteed to the land holder tbe plural vote. These were legal men, who were competent to give legal opinion on the clause. The people could take their choice between the opinion of those gentlemen and that of Messrs. James and Leake and Mr. j Hlhlgworth, who, not being a legal man, gave ] a legal opinion with regard to the clause, j (Hear, hear.) They had, on the one band, thef opinion of the leading federalists of Australia ; j on the other, that of the puny federalists of j this colony. He contended that the principle] of one-man-one-vote was not contained in the - Commonwealth Bill, and the latter was a I hotch-potch of various constitutions — a com promise between conservatism and democracy, £n which conservatism had verv much the bet ter .of the deal. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Vosper next dealt with Mr. Hackett's assertion that it was desirable to vote for the biH because of .the fear that if the bill were rejected the gold fields would obtain separation from tbe rest of the colony. He (Mr. Vosper) represented a! goldfields constituency, and he should know; something about the people there, and about the separation movement too. In fact, he! knew a great deal about separation, for he was the author of that movement, and he had do hesitation in saying that, as far as the, federal campaign was concerned, it was a ;.great bogey, tha use of which was one of the ( most cowardly actions that could be done by! the advocates of federation. (Hear, hear)j Its use on the present occasion was an evi-j deuce of the bluest funk imaginable on the j part of the federalists. (Applause.) He! knew the goldfields people well, and he ' re fused to believe that they would not take their 1 defeat— if the bill were rejected^m such a] spirit as that which had been asserted by the i federal leaders. They were a fair-minded I people, and they would abide by the decision of the majority. (Hear, hear.) He would! not say that the separation movement would ' die if the Commonwealth Bill were rejected,! nor, perhaps, would it die if the bill were car- 1 tied. The acceptance or the rejection of the! measure had nothing whatever to do with the ! separation movement ou the goldfields. It| waS started in 1894 for a specific purpose, and j it would go on — federation or no federation — until -its- objects were achieved, for it was bad government in this colony and not the federal question that caused it to spring up. What the goldfields wanted was fair repre sentation in Parliament and fair laws, and if i they got those things they would not seek for ! separation. (Hear, hear.) The poiicy of the Government had been in the past to look up on the goldfiilds merely as a medium to ex 4xsct profit. He c»uld assure his hearers, j however, that as soon as tbe injustices, under j which the goldfields people labored, were re-J raedied, those who had endeavored to secure! separation would be only too willing to as sist them in every way to malcj Western Atis- I tralia a prosperous colony. (Hear, hear.) He' asked those present not 'to be frightened by; the bogies and phantasmagoria which had been i brought forth by the federalists, and which: were derogatory to such a cause as that in' Nvbicb they were fighting. ? The separation ; bogey had been used to frighten the Prenrer, j and he was pleased to say ^that it had fright- j ened him. (Laughter.) Mr. Hackett li»d' stated that the people of this colony, if they i Rejected the bill, Would be subjected to I the concentrated hatred of the four and a half millions of people who would be alongside them in the feds- ; rated States, and yet cine months ago hej said, in the Legislative Council, that if the | bHl irere- fTMsssed unaltered, the very first ; -?people to lead an attack against the' coastal: dittricts -would be the people on the gold- i fields; The bill had, however, not been al- j tered, and now Mr. Hackett turned around j on bis former statement and asked the peo- j pie. to accept it. Ib was simply a case of j 'a penny plain, and twopence colored — you! pay your money and you take your choice.'* {Laughter.) The concentrated ~ hatred^ of which Mr. Hackett appeased to be so much afraid, he (Mr. Vaster) - regarded as of no ; more conseiuence .than a tin of condensed milk. '{Laughter ) ^Ir- .Vosper 'quoted the j examples of the State of Texas^ 'which .had I refused to join the United States of America;, the States of Nova Scotia, N cxri on nrJlan d, and British Columbia, which had held' aloof from tbe Dominion of Cazuula ; . 'and ' *the Kingdom of Bavaria,, wbicb had -declined to join the German Empire. ? ' Those States had refused to enter the federations named until they had received special concessions, and they had (witn the exception of Newfound land) obtained them. In regard to the -gold- fields of Western Australia, there was up such land to bs found throughout the con tinent. (Cheers.) We had better gold- than the other colonies, and more of it. ' We had copper, tin, diver, iron, coal, and every thing that was required for the greatness and prosperity of a nation. The federated States of Australia were not going to see that -vast wealth lying at -their doors without attempting to grasp at it. (Cheers, asd laughter.) Let -&e; people of Western Aas tralia not be afraid thai they would hot be tafcea in. They should rather see that they were not taken in and done for. (Laughter.) Mr. Hackett had said that if we - rejected federation we would be in a position' of splendid isolation.' Well, Great Britain was in a position of splendid isolation,' and if she was a sbi- aing example of splendid isolation, £he programme had more -«fetractions than federation itself. (Cheers.) What did Mr. Hackett's argument amount to? Could a country be isolated that possessed gold in such large quantities? Could they isolate any self-supporting community? Our natural isolation could be overcome by a transcon tinental railway, aad ias argument was that such a railway' would do more to overcome our. isolation than any number of 'bills: If the Premier of South Australia (Mr. Holder),' instead of making promises, would . give ?& tangible guarantee to bring in a bill pro viding that, in the event of Western Aus terfia entering the Oonm-o«wleaibh as an original State, -the railway would be built, it would be a greater proof . -of his earnestness than half a sheet of foolscap paper. (Laughter.) Further, Mr. Hackett bad told them that, if we refused, to accept, federation, we would have no market, .except, that of the mother country. All he (Mr. Vosper) could say was tbat Mr: IJatkett showed a lamentable lack of knowledge of geography. Why, we had several great mar kets close to our own shores, though' the Government did not seem to be aware of their existence. The geographical position o{ tins colony was unique. She was the nearest point to Europe, Asia, and. Africa; she wgs nearest to tlie great Malay States. To &e; north, of the colony, about- 800 mSs» flora Cape Londonderry, were enormous islands, of which most of tie people here seemed to know nothing. There was Java,- which had a population of 30 millions, including jbwo million Europeans. Sumatra possessed a simi lar population, ' and Singapore had half a million people, of which one-tthird were whites. Further, there were the Celebes Is lands and Borneo, and a large portion of New Guinea, and thev produced sago, arrow root, tea, coffee, and' sugar, but they could not produce «he things that Western Anstra lia could produce. The Europeans, dwelling in those islands wished to live in European fashion, and no doubt, they would largely avail themselves of our products, if enterprise were shown in developing our resources. IHj support of his argument in favor of our trade with some of tie places mentioned, be in stanced the fact that a. shipment of New Zea land goods landed in Singapore some dime, ago, had first of ail been shipped from Auck land to London, and then rasbipped to Sin gapore. That showed -what opportunities Western Australia possessed.- If this colony stood out of federation, she need not Ipok to the eastern colonies for charity or support. If she would only develop her resources, 'she had the market dose to her own shores. (Cheers.) Mr. Hackett and xjtb^r federalists were not aware of this. They were like the blind leading the Mind, and told the people that their only markets were London on the one side, and Melbourne on the 'other.' This colony did not' depend on Meloourhe. .. 'Not many years ago, Melbourne was ? depend ing^ -m Western 'Aastralia. (Gheers.3 And it struck him forcibly that. Melbourne would be in the same way again before long. Then, again, Mr. Hackett told them that ' they most join federation because Mr. Chamber lam 'said so. They were not to consider the fact that federation woxld take money but of their pockets, and destroy tiieir industries. B was sufficient that Sir John Forrest, had; received a hint from Mr. Chamberlain 'that Western Australia must bow down to him. Mr. Hackett said that Mr. Chamberlain had gone so far as to threaten them. He (Mr. Vosper} had not seen any threat. Mr. Hockett backed that statement up by saying that Western Australia had to expect or re quire several favors from tbe Imperial Go vernment shordy. He (Mr. Vosgerj-didjioi know of any favors which this colony re quired. We had an overflowing revenue, our deficit was wiped oat, there were not so many houses to let, and not so many unemployed as there were some time ago. (Cheers.) Some- people probably required favors, and be hinted that tfcere might be some State, governorships and knighthoods given away soon. He regarded it as a significant fact that several public men in the eastern colo nies who advocated federation when they were Premiers became anti-federalists as soon as they were turned out of office. He .de clared that the whole thing was an Imperial scheme from beginning to end, --with no re gard for the people's interests, but' a' craving for Imperial baubles and trUeg. (Applause and dispart.) The next thing that Mr. Hackett told them was that federation would bring about free trade. (A Voice: Intercolo nial free traSe.) 'Mt. Hackebt went -furtner, and said universal free trade. He told them that the -smaller States worth! all vote fur' free trade Well, if they did, it would not make much difference, -because they would pjay a small part in the House of 'Representatives. (Applause.) He asked them was it likely that the larger States, New South Wales, Victoria^ and Queensland, would vote for free trade? There were two tfcings making in favor of protection against the outside world. One would be the neces sity of the Federal Treasurer and the other the compact that existed among the eastern' States to mike protection reciprocal. The Treasurer was practically confined to the tariff to raise jevenue. The articles -that would be used most for consumption 'were those that would have to be taxed to raise revenue, and it would be the working mail and not the wealthy man who would have ib ray every time, deferring to a speech de livered by Mr. Hackett about nine 'months ago, he stated that that gentleman then said that- the federal tariff would be considerably higher than that which existed at tbat time. He criticised the attitude of the federalists oil the food duties. In the towns they told the people that, under federation, ' the food duties would be a thing of the past, and when they went among the farmers they informed them that they were going to have the food duties for another five years, in ad dition to the sliding scale. How could they hsve the sliding scale and the abolition of tJie food dnties a± the seme time? Mr. Vosper asserted tbst, under federatr'on, the cost of living would be higher. They would bs ground down by the protectionists of Vic tcria and the protectionists of Bunbnry; There was no such thing as free trade under ihs Commonwealth. There was protection as for as the outside world was concerned: They would have to bear the burden and maintain Victoria, which was two or three thousand miles away. They would have all the burdens of ' protection with out its benefits, and - aU ? the dis advantages of free trade without , cheap living. At tibis point Mr. Vosper concluded his criticism of Mr. Hackett's speech, and ; dtaii with several other aspects of ? federa tion.. He pointed to the inconsistent; utter ances of many - prominent federalists, includ ing Mr. Barton, who spoke in Melbourne _in fa-tor of the exclusion of black labor, and j afterwards in -Brisbane told the people tbat frl they -wanted Kanaka labor- to vote for r federation- (Laughter.) He dealt trenchantly j and, humorously with the alleged financial | pamphlet of Jtr. A. P. Matheson, M.L.C., j.and his criticisms thereon were productive j of . laughter and approbation. He said that j the eastern colonies were asking for a 30 ? per cent tariff on tbe lines of ,tite Victorian j policy. (A Voice : They are asking more.) i The speaker, continuing, said it -was true : they were asking, for even more. He con fcrasted the advantages of protection and free . trade, and asked them, how they could pro : tect their industries with restricted competi | tjon with the eastern colonies? What was j going to become of the 17,000 people thrown j oat of work? Host of tbem would go back [to the eastern colonies to support the crip 1 pled industries of Perth and Fremantle there. j Someone had asked him coming into the room to give Harney a rub. Well, as that gentleman was the cornerman in the federal minstrel troupe, and only wore the cap and bells to amiise rather than instruct, he 'was not worthy of a politician's interest. He was going to refer now to a man who was very popular in Fremantle, and he did it with dif fidence: He meant Mr. Moxon. (Loud groans and laughter.) That gentleman told them that if they did. not get federation they would go into. then- taxed homes over a taxed door mat to kiss a taxed wife and dandle a taxed baby. (Laughter and applause.) Mr. Vos per dealt at length with 'rings,' such as the pastoral ring, the shipping ring, aad the meat ring, and showed how high taxation would be under federation. He said that Freman tle would never become the first port inAns tralia until the mall steamers called there, and they got the transcontinental railway, fie adiTsed the people to do what they could to encourage the mail steamers to call at the Port-; He spoke of the sentimental aspect of federation, and, in an eloquent peroration, urged them to consider that sentiment should begin in Western Australia, where all their interests were involved, and where their wives and families had to be supported. Mr. Vosper resumed bis seat amid a storm of applause, which lasted for some time. Cheers mingled with groans were then given for federation, and counter cheers and groans fpr anti-federation. \ -Votes of ihanks to Mr. Vosper aid the 1 chairman concluded tie proceedings. 