AMUSEMENTS. HER MAJESTY'S THEATRE.-" MACBETH." Probably no production of the now fast waning year had been more eagerly anticipated than that -of '" Macbeth " by Messrs. J C. Williamson and M'Koo Rankin. There was good ground for bo proving that Shakespeare's tragedy would be staged sighs scenic completeness hitherto unrivalled, and there was also the hope that the dramatic outcome of the united managerial effort might prove equally important. Alter weeks of preparation, the great play was revived at Her Majesty's Theatre on Saturday before a crowded audience, which included many people who hardly visit the playhouses except 'wtiBU one or other of the great poet's master- pieces is in question. The general verdict upon the production was one of unqualified admiration for the magnificence and artistic picturesqueness of the staging, but of disappointment with the acting. Miss Nance O'Neil, whose conception of Lady Macbeth requires more elaboration of detail, and an aspect less smoothly guileless in the earlier' passages, triumphed by her thrilling suggestion of all the horrors that lie behind the sleep-walking of that restless, hunted soul in the fifth act. At one other point also did the acting notably stir the audience after the delivery of MacdufT's oath of revenge by Mr. Thomas Kingston. But in the all-important part of Macbeth Mr. McKee Rankin very fitfully grasped the spirit of the character, and, oppressed by the weight of managerial cares connected with a colossal iiiiao-eii-scsiie, sank for long periods together to the zero of this commonplace. Crowds of people will be attracted to " Macbeth" during the coming works by the beauty of the tableaux, in which the peaceful ' majesty of Duncan's Castle, and the rich profusion of the banqueting tables beneath the vaulted roof, are crowned by a battle scene wherein Macbeth's stronghold is battered lit with beams, and finally falls in Milnes as Macduff is bailed King of Scotland. It is usual to. speak of " version"' of Shakespeare's plays, though in the case of this tragedy it has to be remembered that the stage " cuts'' are never of' any length. The murder of Lady Macduff is invariably omitted, hut'Mr. Hunkin says leaves out the opening to Be with the witches, and in other respects diminishes the super natural portion of the tragedy. In such a beautiful revival us the present, one can hardly suppose these cuts are made to save the trouble of changing the scenes, yet no other reason is apparent for this sacrifice of the customary opening. Henry Irving's ;t version'' gave all this, and also retained the Blood- ing Sergeant's speech, which, at Her Majesty's, finds its place immediately after the first rite of the our tale. .... Iludir no' conditions to the superior resources of the modern stage more convincingly demonstrated than in such a production as the present when compared with the old days. There was a time when G uri irk played Macbeth in the uniform of a general of George III's reign, and when, until Edmund Kean bravely declared " I'll have none of this rubbish," the witches were merely pegs Khartum to hang the popular songs, dances, and funny antics that held currency for the first 150 years' existence of the play. It was Charles Kean who (list secured a near approach to historical accuracy in the mise-en-scene, tied his explanation of his aims in the matter very well cover the picture of the period presented on Saturday. Charles Kean, in a pamphlet published at tliiitinie,'refotred to " the very nice satin information we possess respecting the dies of the Scotch in the eleventh century," and deduced from the invasion of Scotland by Canute in 1031 that the superior weapons of the No) bomen, and the tunic, mantle, crops-gartering, and ringed byrne of the Danes and Xnglo'-SaionSj must have been employed by Macbeth and ' his kinsmen. At Her Majesty's parti-coloured woollens . still further show the Callide origin of the actors in the tragedy, the eagle's feather which was the distinguishing mark of a Gaelic chieftain is worn by Rose, and other noblemen, as well as by the royal trumpeters in scarlet apparel, and Macbeth himself, with many of his followers, bears the circular shield of hide which we associate with that'half-civilised-era. The general scheme of colour lent to the scene, with a hundred figures thus equipped, upon it, and with the stately person of Lady Macbeth in white, set off by the deep blue gowns of her women, was singularly rich but sober in its tone. There are 16 important changes of scene in this " Macbeth," which were made, under all the cli cumstances of a first night, with incredible smooth seas and despatch. ' Messrs. Job of Gordon, W. Little, and S. Blalcu were the painters concurred, and the first named responded to an enthusiastic call for his transcendently lovely view of Macbeth's castle at Inverness. Who of those who argue against the sumptuous staging of Shakespeare but would be convinced against his will by this exquisite view ? It must surely assist the audience, whilst Buiiqun speaks of " true temple-haunting market," ID are the long facade of the ancient battlements glowing in the setting sun, that dyes with crimson the lofty cliffs amidst the flowers and hanging foliage of which the little bird "bath elude his pendant bed and proceeded cradle" Visitors to '* Macbeth '' will continue to think so at all events. No finer tableau has ever been placed upon wastage than that showing the courtyard in Mac butler's castle. A semi-circular gallery of grey st mo, raised on archie, gave access by a rough hewn stair- case in King Duncan's chamber ; whilst from the further end of the gallery an almost interminable flight of stairs led to the higher portions of the fortress, whose gray round tower rose towards the blue vault of the moonlit sky. Contrasted with the grim majesty of the exterior of this old keep was the rosy glow of colour in the banqueting chamber, where the shade of Barque, was shown reflected upon the back of the empty Beats felicitous comparison between leaving the ghost unseen as II mere hallucination of Macbeth's brush and showing it in fleshly form, a method stigmatised by George Fletcher us "one of the (grossest brutalities that still disfigure the acting of Shakespeare on his native stage." There is, too, the great battle tableaux at the end, with bowmen, soldiers in half chairman, nobles, and standard-bearers to testify to the pains- taking care bestowed upon the spectacle by Mr. Rankin and Mr. Walter Baynham (stage manager). Much interest, too, WAR taken in Edgar Stillman, Kulley's music, finely rendered by an orchestra of about two score players under the experienced hands of Mr. George Hall. The orchestration was essentially of the modern German school, and for purposes of criticism would require hearing at a concert instead of as incidental to action on the stage that chiefly absorbs the attention of the listener. Just before the curtain rose upon the banquet we noted a sprightly Gaelic march, definite in form and rhythm, original and captivating in its vivacity. The recur- ring " Sleep no more " theme had a tragic sIKiii flounce that grew with repetition and an " English March " in the last act of a more robustly melodie character than the generally Wagnerian style of the composer would lead one to expect formed another feature in the musical scheme which should be noted. The interpretation throughout by the orchestra was marked by strength, colour, and feeling. At one point there appeared to be an intentional inter- position of, or an accidental plagiarism from Schubert's " Erl King," when Mr. Hull's band naturally found itself on familiar ground. Miss Nance O'Neil's commanding personality should lend itself much more readily to the great part than it does in the earlier scenes of the tragedy. The strands of rich red hair are quite in keeping, but the make-up of the face obscures its natural power and intellectuality, so that all through the artist has. as it were, to fight against a physiognomy of soft and simple beauty quite opposed to a character capable of fell ambition and murderous design. At her first appearance the new Lady Mucborh omits the traditional " Siddons' cause of amazement at the words .' made tlieniflelven-air " ; but by reading the letter whilst sitting she achieved a new point of appropriate emphasis by rising to her feet at the " and shall be." The invocation " Come, you spirits," was tragically delivered, the actress fully realising the inspiration of the verse ; the concentrated, scorn and fury of the scene where Macbeth's courage Ima to be screwed to " the sticking point " told forcibly with the audience and the whispered colloquy after the murder confirmed the success of the actress in the part. The banquet scene business had not been sufficiently elaborate, but the dismissal of the guests was splendidly done. As already noted, however, Miss O'Neil's triumph was in the sleep- walking scene, in which the vacant stare betrayed the mental desolation, and the burthen of the broken heart found voice in accents of poignant anguish. The actreSs was rewarded for this truly fine effort by stories of prolonged applause, Mr. McKee Rankin had funitive moments when he came out of himself as Macbeth, most frequently in the last act, but he lacked declamatory power, and was often inaudible. This departure from his usual method encourages the belief that he will better justify the high reputation he has won here and elsewhere during the coming week. Mr. Thomas Kingston proved the best Macduff! yet seen here, and both by his pathos and by his fiery appeal to Heaven in the one great scene he deeply moved the audience. He was recalled four times, and to silence the prevailing element had to make a fifth appearance before the curtain by clambering through a stage box. Mr. Joseph Carne was quite unnecessarily dall and lugubrious ns Malcolm. Mr. George Becks adopted a leisurely mode of speech that possessed the needed regal savour as King Duncan, Mr. Harry Plimmer was in good Banquo. Dis- guised in ruddy hair and beard, he made a soldierly figure in the picturesque attitude in which he was revealed as the curtain rose on the third act for the speech, " Thou hast it now." Mr. Barton Hill's face elocution illuminated the dull part of Ross, He gave the audience all the music as well as all the sense of the blank verse. Miss Alice Crawford should be mentioned favourably as the Gentlewoman. The three witches, not as important as customary, were I perfectly played in due order by Mr. J. B. Athol. WOld, uri; Henry Bracy, and Miss Ricca Allen, the last named assuming a horrifying voices well calculated to make one dream of nights. Mr. J. C. Williamson announces a matinee of " Macbeth'" for Wednesday next. 