THE BLUE DIAMOND. BY L. T. MEADE. CHAPTER XXVI. Lil Lawford was unhappy. In vain Mrs. Car- dew smiled her brightest, and spoke in her most sun-shiny manner; in vain she tempted the In- vulid with the choicest dainties which she could possibly cook, Strong supplying all the needful funds — there was 110 dainty too great to oner to the sick girl. In vain did little Jim number two smile and crow and put on ills most captivating ways for tlio benefit of the new inmate of No. 10 Aeacla Villas. Lil was sad wlien everyone around lier seemed to he In the highest state of hilarity. Even Cardew, when he arrived in the evenings, could do nothing to cheer his guest. He laid himself out for her amusement, he sang his gayest songs,, and whistled in (as Mrs. Cardew expressed It) a really masterly fashion, but Lil was not captlvatc-d by the music or tho whistling, or th'o honest, cheerful words of the poor fellow. Her nights wore absolutely wakeful, and ever two things stared her in tlie face. She was a thief. She had taken the Blue Diamond, and she ought to confess. Lil used to read her Bible, and to turn to those passages whieli exhorted confession. On Sunday she insisted on going to tho nearest- church, and when tho clergyman read - aloud those parts of the church service which spoke of confession of sin she trembled,- and it seemed to her that the finger of God was pointing at her, that tho voice of Gcd was saying,;' "Without confession of sin thero is no forgiveness," ami the thought ot what she supposed she hail done, and the need she felt to relieve iter mind and make the only restitution In lior power, became so great that her bodily strength was seriously undermined. "In the end- it must bo discovered," she thought; "and father and mother will know it, and it is best for tho thing to bo over and for me to havo-told tho truth. Oh, what shall I doV" ' On tho night vhieh Nancy had spent In Mrs. Temple's company, the night when Nailinc Oloif- Bon had met with that severe accident which had caused her to be conveyed In an unconscious state to Guy's Hospital, Lil's desire to relieve herself by confession rose to fever height. As the morn ing broke, she slowly made up her mind. "I'll do It," she said to herself. "It doesn't matter what Nancy says, and It doesn't matter what Mrs. Cardew or Mr. Cardew say, I'll do it. I'll sea Beatrix and tell her; I'll go to the house. Sho can have mo arrested immediately after. I will toll her tlie truth." Lil, now having made up her mind, felt a cer tain sense of relief. She had no money what ever In her purse, Cardew enjoining on his wife on no account to give their erratic guest so much as sixpence. - But still she felt in some sort ot way sho could reach Eaton-square. It 'was Mrs. Cardew's custom to go out soon after breakfast to do her day's marketing. Sho always carried a basket with lior, and if tlie weather was fine the little nurse, a girl of 15 years of age, Wont also, carrying Hie baby. Now, on this special (lay-it was very fine;- tlio sun shone and the winds were quiot. It was a spring (lay in mid-winter, and Naturo seemed to rejoice, and there was a feel in tlie air which told those who were happy and hopeful that spring was not far off, and summer would come in duo course. But thero was no sense of spring, or summer either, in poor Lil's sad heart. She looked out of her littlo bedroom window and watcbed Mrs. Cardew and tho small maid and the bright-oyed baby go ing forth on their morning vocations. Mrs. Cardew looked back at hor and nodded. "Take care of yourself, I'll take you for a little walk when I return, it is quite a lovely day," sho called out. Lil mado no answer. Mrs. Cardew generally did her own work. Sho had a charwoman In for an hour or so every morning or afternoon. On this occasion tlie char woman' was to come towards the middle of the day, and Lil therefore had the whole tiny cottage to herself. Nothing could lie better for her pur pose- Sbe hastily pu t on the neat hat which she had worn when. she first sought the protection cf Nancy Price. Sho pinned It on over her bright hair, and slipped on hor little jacket, and found hor gloves, and then went slowly downstairs and out of the houso. She know what she was going to do. Sho was going to confess. She would beg Beatrix to have her arrested. She felt that sho could bear tho pain in lier heart better if she also bore tho punishmen t ot her supposed sin. Sho siipped softly out of tlie house, and with out giving a thought, to Mrs. Cardew err to tho great trouble lier absence would cause, went boldly down the High-street. All bor energies, all hor thoughts were concentrated on what she was about to do. Sho met a policeman at the corner and asked him to tell her the way to Eaton-square. "Take that broad road to your right. You 11 seo tlie red 'busses, follow tbem; thoy go by about every three minutes. When you have "gone on for somo time ask again. But it's a goodish walk, don't forget that." The policeman looked after "Lil with n brief passing interest. Sho did not wait to thank him and walked on at once in the direction, ho hnd pointed out. Sho was full of eagerness, a burn ing desire possessed her. She felt that of all things in tho world tho only thing, now to bo doslred was the peace which would follow con fession. But she had miscailculated her strength. Long before sho reached Victoria station she was tired out. Sho found herself trembling oil over and a queer, confused, giddy sensation in her head caused her to stop at intervals, and put her hand to her forehead. The heaviest tasks, however, come to an end if one Is resolved to go through with thorn, and pre- sontly Lil found hersolf at Victoria station. From there it did not take her long to reach Eaton- square. Sho know lier ground now, and hurried forward; but the giddiness in her head was worso, and this giddiness now was joined to a strange eense of confusion. She began to wonder why sho was out— what bad happened to hor. Where was she going, and whom was she about to meet? Was Dick Strong, her lovor, going to clasp hor hand at any moment? Had her father corno to London? Was all the dark past nothing but a droara? But oh, what was that about a dia mond? Had she stolon it? Was It of great value? Hnd it boen entrusted to hor caro, nnd had she mado away with it? There was a buzzing sound now in tho back of her head. Her thoughts came quicker and quicker, nnd in a whirl of such confusion tlmt sho had no clear senso to guiilo her whatso ever. Presently sho begun to laugh softly to herself. Of course sho never stole the Blue Diainpnil or any diamond. Whatever she was sho was not a thief. The Temples had invited hor to stay with thorn. Slio was going to do so. Sho was closo to their house now. She had walked all tlie long way from home. It was n long walk, too, for a girl, and she was torrlbly tired; but Dick would meet her. Diek who was so loving to her. who cared for her so much, and who would take her in his arms and rest her lis lie knew how, and she would nover lie tired any moro. Oh, what a comfort, she had reached tho houso nt Inst. She would ring tho hell and ask for Beatrix — yes, that was the name of lier cousin's wife — Beatrix Templo. Lil' did ring the bell. The man, who had often lot hor In before. Rtarted back when ho saw hor, and a strange look enmo Into his fuco. Lil, however, scarcely glanced at mm. "I want to see Mrs. Temple," sho said. "Is sho In?" "Yes, miss, my mistress is in. Lil entered tho house. Sho sat down on a chair in the hall. "I am tired!" sho said; "I have walkod a long way. I want to soo your mistress. Ploase toll hor tlirit " "You look very faint, miss. Shall I get you a glass of wine?" "Will you, pleaso. Is It on account of my long walk?" The man hurried Into tho adjoining cflnlng- rooin. Ho soon returned with a glass of sherry. Lil sippod a little of tho stimulant, and then put it away. "I am bettor now," sho said, "thank you, I am quite all right again. It was a very long walk from my homo In tile country." Slio gazed up at the man as It sho wanted him to explain something. Ho found it hard to keep hi3 composure. It was right that his faco should be wooden, but it was working now spas modically. Thero was somothlng about Lil which made his heart aclio. "I will .toll my mistress, of courso, that you havo come, miss. Will you wait in tho dining- room? - Am I to say M,iss Lawford?" "Yes, say Miss Lilias Lawford; say I want to -speak to. her Immediately," Baid Lil. Tho man went away, and quickly returned. He ran downstairs so fast that tho servants in the scYvarits' hall, who were, waiting for. their dinner, wondered what had happened to An drew. "He's gottin'g joints In his knees," said one of tliera. "Andrew Is generally stiller than any poker. What can bo up?" Certainly Andrew, tlio footmnn, had boen elec trified by Mrs. Temple's manner. At first sho hnd absolutely refused to believe that Miss Lawford had come to soo her, but when tlio knowledge wns forced upon her by Androw's confident manner slio first got scarlet nbout tlie face, then wliito as death, thon clasped hor hands, stood upright and said, "Then send her to mo immediately. Bring lier up yourself, Andrew, nt once. I can scarce ly believe you, Did you really say Miss Law ford?" "Yes, madam— tho young lady who was staying here — and sho seems very bad." "Then bring her up to mo Immediately." Bo Andrew How downstairs, and said in his stoical manner: "My mistress will see you, Miss Lawford. Will you follow 1110 to her room?" "I know tlio room; you neoil not tako me to it," said Lil, with tlie ghost of a smilo. Neverthe less, Andrew went on In front of her. "Thoro'a soinetliing of the nature of a mystery hero," he said to himself, "and If tlioro i3 to be a pleasing discovery I may as well bo in at tho finish." llo opened ills mistress's door for Lil, and stood at tlie ontiunce in an expectant attitude. "Go away, Andrew, and shut tho door at onco," said Mrs. Templo. She now advanced towards Lil, eagerness writ ten all over her face, and both her hands .out stretched, "Why did you hide?" Bho began; "and why have you como back now? And oh, what is tho matter?" For Lil's confusion at sight of Beat- rix Temple had rolled away from her brain. Sho know now quite clearly why she had come. Tho hour of confession had really arrived at last. She was not afraid, she was only anxious to un burden her perplexed soul. She spoko simply and firmly. , "How aro you, Beatrix? I ran away, I was obliged to. I— I was frightened." "What frightened you?" asked Mrs. _Temple, lier tone hardening at the sight of what she iniag» ined was guilt written on the other girl's face. "Because I took your Blue Diamond.'' "Ah! I thought as much. . I told Jack so, but ho would not believe me. You stole it, Lilias; and yet I trusted you." "It was wrong of me," said Lilias; "I can give no excuso whatever for my conduct." Sho put hor hand to her brow and pushed hack her hair. "You did it, of course, to give tho ctono to your brother?" "That was it!" said Lil, nodding. "How dared you be so wicked? Do you know what you have imperilled?" "I don't know anything. , I think my brain is weak, and I have been ill 'from shock nnd other things. I took the diamond, I remember it now. At first I was afraid to confess, and I ran awny because I was frightened. Nadine told 1110 that I was a thief, but 1 would not believe her. I was afraid that you, Beatrix, would sond tlie polieo to arrest mo and lock me up, and I knew that if such a thing happened my father, who is very <11, might dio. But the pain in my heart ie so bad now that I would rather be in prison than free. I would rather know that t had confessed my sir., and then perhaps God will forgive me." "But whero Is tho stone now? Never mind about your feelings. If you will only give me the stone back now I will forgive you— I will, really. Have you it on your person? Tell ine' Speak! I will forgive you fifty times over if you will only give me tlie Blue Diamond back again. Do you know what tlio loss of that dia mond means? Do you know, that I shall lose my senses if I cannot get It buck? Where is it? Havo you it?" "I do not know whero it is," said Lil, and slio shook her head vaguely. The keen' look of intel ligence had left her face, the sense of confusion was returning. She sunk down on the nearest chair, very white and trembling. "You must know where it is; you must be able to restore it to ine." "No, 1 don't know anything about it." "Thon why did you conic here to-day?" "To tell you that 1 stole It." "What good does that do mc if I cannot get it back?" "I havo not the slightest idea what good it will do you. 1 came to relieve my own soul, becauso only through confession can my sin be forgiven." Beatrix Temple could be, and generally was, the kindest or tho kind; but there were momenta whon the fierce Eastern blood of her .ancestors rose hotly In her veins. She went up to Lil now and shook lier hand in lier face. "Then I will sond you to prison!" sho said. "I don't mind if you are fifty times my 'husband's cousin. You took that which I value moi'e than my miserable life, and you do not riven know where it is." "I took what?" said Lil, vaguely. "I — I don't understand," she continued. -She looked round her in a dazed way. "Oh, how giddy I feel!" sho said, and the next instant, to- Beatrix's conster nation, sho fell on the iloor in a half-unoonsclous state. Mrs. Temple rushed to hor bell and rang it violently. Slie did not notice the ravages of illness and suffering 011 Lil's face; she tried to raiso her from tlie door, and all the tii7ie'TVie storm of anger and disappointment raged in her heart. "To como back and toll me, and yet not he able to give me the slightest clue to my lost trea sure!" she thought. "Oil, this is the last straw! This is too maddening for anything!" , Hurried steps were now heard in the passage outside; the door was hurst open, and who should enter the room but Richard Strong, followed by James Cardew and Nancy Price. Strong made a quick strldo forward, uttered a hasty, shocked exclamation, knelt on the iloor by Lil, and lifted her in his arms. "What have you done to her? Have you dared to be cruel to her?" he asked, and he fixed Ills angry eyes on Mrs. Temple's face. Done to her?" cried Beatrix Temple, "nothing. She came here and confessed her guilt. Is that you, Price?" she said. "What aro you all doing in mv room? Who is that other man?" She point ed with indignation at James Cardew. "Thero never was any woman in sucli a terrible posi tion," she continued. "I was right in all my sus picions, in all my fears. Lil Lawford is a thief. She came and confessed it to me now." "Lil is no more a tliicf than I am," answered Strong. "She is laboring under a delusion; a delusion brought on by the cruelty of those who ought to have helped and sympathised with her. Nancy Price, we must get her out of this imme diately. Where can we tako her?" "She is a tlilef, and I will have her arrested, said Mrs. Temple. (To be continued.) 