GHOSTS! Practical joking of an almost criminal character seems to be rather prevalent in tiie country districts. ' For a week or so reports have been current of people at Mount Gamhtier living been frightened by someone dressed up in a white sheet play ing -the ghost. 'Hhe spook has appeared mostly to women and children. So far no complaints against his ghostehip have been officially made to the poliee, but having heard the doings of the ghost discussed in a good many quarters, 1I.G. Pearce made a reconnoitring expedition on a night last week. Along highways and byways he went, but no ghcst did he see. It is re ported that the ghost was seen somewhere in the west end of the town on the same night that M.C. Pearce made 'his tour. M.C. Pearee was armed, and was prepared to deal summarily witih his ghostship. The foot constables, says the "13order Watch," are itching to get within fighting distance of the hoodlum. While on the subject of ghosts, the same paper records iihe follow ing inctirient, whioh borders on the myste rious:-'"The Tepprt of a revolver OF a gnu baktg fired in 'the premises at the rear of .Mr. Mae-Arthur's butcher's shop or-. Mrs. Cornelius's Temperance Kotel 'awake the restdeirts living in that neighborhood, and caused some excitement, about 12' o'clock on Thursday night. Constables Bascoe ami Heiley, who-were-on duty at that hour, were quicWy.on lie gjene, bnfc iwtMng could be found to account for the £hx>t." The Port Pirie '""Recorder" contains this paragraph.:--Reports have been freely cir culated of late to the . effect that some in dividual, disguised by means of a dark manitfe, has been causing a scare among the mftre susceptible residents of . Port Has West .aind the island. Vague rumors have been afloat as to the- identity of £he mysterious individual, bat it does not seem that anyone has -up to now had a personal encounter with fee ""ghost." We have heard of tirnad women aad children be ing frightened by the strange apparition,. If a practical joker is at work it may pos sibly interest 'him or 3rer to know that these is a <mge loeafiy prepared for noctur nal "larks." On TSmrsday afternoon an afoac<kmed child- was found in a garden in Carrmgton streefc, aa-d as a result of ihe.pdice kwesfcjL gatiens .AsLelard-e May Clougit appeared the-City Police Court on Saturday mocnrmg. dhaa^ged -with 'having deserted it. She pJead ed gmlty to the charge, and accordingly-tm witnesses were -called, Inspector Sullivan- de tailing tih-e circumstances of the case to the magistrate. Alter listening to the recital the court considered a fine of £2 3/6 would satisfy the -demands of the 'law, and this was imposed. Faot-ConstaHe J. Buchanan, informed the watchlbcrase authorities on Friday tihati a collision toofc pfoee that day oa "the Glen Osmond-road, Parkaide, between two vans. Mr.- E. Th-omfjeai was driving a van belong ing to the Wextherim Sewing Machine Com pany down 'the road/ and Mr. i&ir; bro-t&sr;, a .farrBilaire taacrier, of Ftstaer screet, FaHaTton, was going in; the oppo site Idirectdo® wfoen -they ran. into one sa otther. Mr. Fairbrother -wag thrown o«t on to 'his head, and sustained a severe cut over the rig1 tit eye and forehead. He was at once conveyed to tire hospital. . Mr. Thamsen was' not hurt, "bet his -yaai^aaiti harae^wsiKtiiiamsBed. 