PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY, THURSDAY A.ND BATURDAY MORNING. THURSDAY, AUGUST 2, 1900. HENCEFORWARD, for a time at least, those residents of Eastern Gippsland who have so jealously defended its splendid waterways against the inroads of the dredging and sluicing interests may possess their minds in peace and allow no further apprehension of damage or destruction to their rivers and river lands to disturb them. Mr Outtrim, the present Minister of Mines, has taken a firm stand with re gard to the circumscription of the field of operations of the dredgers to such an extent as will place all other interests beyond the reach of damage or- interference. The fiat has gone forth from the department of Mines that no leases for dredging or sluicing purposes whatsoever shall be granted in Victoria if it is shown that there is even a pos sibility of the subsequent operations exercising a detrimental effect upon the district sought to be worked. There has been no hesitancy, no vacil lation or shuffling, about Mr Outtrim's treatment of this vitally important question-no shelving of responsibility or evincement of a disinclination to offend powerful friends, such as was exhibited by his immediate predecessor in the department of Mines. The present Minister Ihas placed the public weal first in order of consideration, and, weighing all that has been urged in favor of dredging against it, has unhesitatingly pronounced against this pernicious form of gold-raising being introduced to the rivers of the colony. Whilst the M'Lean Ministry is in oflice, at the least, the Mitchell and its tributaries are safe from molesta tion or pollution. It is now almost two years since the dredging " boom " reached this district, and the Mitchell River was pegged out for something like a hundred miles of its course. The same thing was hap pening in all parts of the colony. Alumsot overy foot of waterway and river land was applied for by the hordes of speculators who saw in the sudden popularity of the dredge a means of profitable investment. Very few /people, howover, seemed to have been seized with timely appreciation of the direful effects that the " now industry" would exercise upon the whole of the surrounding country. The press, whose manifest duty it was to oppose the innovation from the outsot, step by step, maintained a silence poen the subject almost as blameworthy as actual support of the movement would have been. The Bairnsdale Advertiser was the first newspaper in Victoria to direct atten tion to the baneful influence that such interference with the river and river lands as was proposed would wield over any community in which they might be introduced. Other journals, tardy to recognise the great and com mon danger, subsequently awoke to a sense of duty and assisted in the task of warning the people of the colony of the disastrous prospects before them. Then, for several months, the battle raged, until the weak and irresolute. head of the Mines department in the late Government, alarmed at the extent and weight of the opposition with wvhich the dredging proposals were at length confronted, crept out of an inconvenient dilemma by postponing the consideration of all applications for twelve months. All that has since tken place is recent history. It is with feelings of the deepest thankfulness and satisfaction that we realise the gratifying issue to this long and somewhat unequal contest-a re sult assuredly above the mostsanguine expectations of the opponents of dredg ing. To those who are not in a posi tion to appreciate the extent of the weighty influence brought to bear in favor of the dredgers Mr Outtrim's manly and considerate resolution may not, perhaps, appear more than an evincement of a laudable desire to see the greatest good done to the greatest number. To those who know what that decision really means-what a variety of interests have had to be considered before its determination wiks arrived at-the action of tile Minister of Mines cannot appear too deserving of the deepest gratitude and thanks of the thousands of citizens and settlers whom it directly and incalculably benefits. The ordinary monthly meeting' of the Bairnsdalo Shire Council will be held to- morrow. Another candidate has entered the field for the election in the south rid ing of the shire. Ir T. B. S. Millar, of Lake Victoria, in response to a largely signed requisition, intimates that he is a candidate for the seat vacated by Councillor John Giles. At the Bairnsdale Petty Sessions, last Tuesday, before Messrs J. D. Smith and B. Johnson Js.P., Obadiah Roberts proceeded against the Bullum wall Gold MIining Co, No Liability, for the recovery of a claim for £41 lls for work and labor done. There was no appearance for the defendant com pany and an ordet was made for the amount claimed with £1 16s Gd costs. Renewals of two carriers'licenses were granted to J. C. Boyd. The case of P. S. Ryan v. Chas. Grant was again before the Bairns dale Petty Sessions last Tuesday. As certaining after the making of the order against the defendant last week for the payment of the claim and costs, £19 18s lid, that the police had paid over to the clerk of petty sessions, 1Melbourne, P. J. Goldsmith, the sum of £16 8s 7d, the proceeds of a seizure made under a distress warrant issued by defendant against the Defiance No. 1 Gold Mining Co., Bullumwaal, com plainant's solicitor, MIr Kirkpatrick, garnisheed Mr Goldsmith with the view to getting an order against him for the payment to complainant of the amount he had in hand belonging to the defendant. Mr Goldsmith, how ever, did not appear, but lie wrote asking for.an issue to be tried. Mr Kirknatrick said h.a >.^d .. ...iooms. to tihe granting of this request; but lie hoped, if Mr 'Goldsmiith cme to Bairnsdalo to defend this matter, the court would bear in mind that that gentleman's presence was not necessary and would be lenient in the matter of costs. An. order for an issue to be tried was then made. At the meeting of the committee of the Bairnsdale District Hospital, held last night, the election of officers for the ensuing year took place. For the o3ice of president there were two nomi nations, Messrs C. Lomairo and D. R. Williams. The former was elected by ballot by 7 votes to 5. Messrs W. Bird and H. R. Foard were appointed vice-presidents and 'Mr H. Robinson treasurer. Messrs D. R. Williams, Robinson and Foard were elected a finance committee. Some stupid person, with depraved ideas of humor has been playing the "ghost joke" recently in various portions of tile west end of the town. Quite a small scare has been caused by his escapades, which, for the most part, consist in covering himself with a whits cloth and appearing suddenly before women and children late in the evening. The "joker" is supposed to have been seen in the Botanical Gar dens, near the " Devil's Pit," last night about 9 o'clock by some boys. They say that he had something white thrown over him. The gardens were thoroughly searched later on by Messrs A. Hobson anti W. MI'Taggart, butno trace of the practical joker could be found. A sharp look-out is being kept for him in the meantime, and there is every probability that his "sport," if con tinued will be brought to an abrupt termination-possibly his existence also. One of the recipients of the honors bestowed by the Royal Humane Society last week for bravery in sav ing life was Mr J. D. Yeates, of Bairnsdale, who on the 24th Septem ber last, by his prompt and courageous plunge into the Mitchell River, suc ceeded in rescuing Mr Price Mero dith's little son from otherwise certain death. Mr Yeates was awarded the society's certificate of merit, a hand somely engrossed parchment bearing the following inscription :- At a general court of directors holden at the offices of the society at Melbourne on the 18th day of October, 1899, it was resolved-' That the courage and humanity-displayed by James Dougall Yeates, of Francis Street, Bairnsdale, an orchardist, aged 23 years, in rescu ing Stanley Price Meredith, of Main street, Bairnsdale, aged 8 years, from drowning in the Mitchell River on the 24th September, 1899, call for the ad miration of this court, and justly en title him to the certificate of merit of this society, which is hereby awarded. (Signed) George Lush, president;' William Hamilton, Secretary." Tlhe close season began yesterday, (lst August) for the following birds: -Wild duck, teal, bittern, native com panion, wild turkey, bronzo-winged and other wild pigeons, mallee hens, quail (except Californian), lyre-bird, magpie, night-jar, kingfisher, gang gang and black cockatoo, wood swallow, all the grIanulus family, thickhead, thrush, shrilkotit, coach whip bird, wedgqbill, lark, pipit, cin cloramphus, and all honey-cators except wattle birds, loather heads treeC creopers, siletta, cuckoo, swamp or ground parakeoet.! The anniversary of the Wosloyan Band of Hope was celebrated in the schoolroom last Monday evening. The president, the tev. S. Harris, presided. The report read by thle hecretary, Miss Balcombo, stated that the mem bership roll had doubled itself during the year. The receipts, £6, had slightly exceeded the expenditure. The mem bers, with the aid of some adults and led by the superintendent, Mr Patter son, went through a very entdr4idiiino programme. . ,,, , A meeting of the ratepayar ofhe Bumborrah riding of tile shire 'of Tambo will be held at the mechanics' institute, Swan Reach, to-morrow evening, for the purpose of selecting a candidate for the annual election this month. On Saturday last a shocking dis covery wvas made at Deep Lead, near Stawell. The police have been 'in formed that for four or five -weeks a hawker's waggonotte had been stand ing in the scrub about three-quarters of a mile off the main Glenorchy road, and about 1 mile and a half from Deep Lead. ' Two constables proceeded to the place, and on making a search dis covered the terribly decomposed body of a hawker named Boylan lying in the scrub. The remains had evidently been lying there for fully four weeks. Deceased was 75 years of age and partially blind. It is evident from the disturbed nature of the ground that the old man died a hard death. but there is no suspicion of'foul play. At the annual meeting of ,the Traralgon Agricultural Society the balance sheet showed that the total receipts, including a balance of £117,. were £483 3s 2d. The present credit balance was £52 17s. Mr P. P. Ser geant was re-elected president, and Mr. F. M'Kinnell secretary. The general committee was increased to 00. A gentleman, who desires only to be known as "an old member of the' A.N.A. and a member of Parliament," waited on the Premier on Monday and offered to defray the cost of preparing a list of voters at the second referen dum of the Commonwealth Bill in Vic toria, the list to give the names, addresses and occupations of all who went to the poll, to be well bound, for exhibition in the Federal Parliariten tary Library. Mr 11'Lean reiidily accepted the generous offer, and be pro poses to appoint a small committee to supervise lthei wof,., wtligh µ'r. rcQ bably take the .lacgo, fo the oo ral voters' certificates promised by the lto Government. The compilation of such a list would be a costly undertaking, and is likely to be attended with considerable difficulty. In well'in formed political circles, says the " Age," it is well known that the chief obstacle to the issue of the voters' cer tificates promised by Sir George Turner has been the fact that some of the returning officers at the last refer endum carried out their work so clumsily that it is almost impossible from the rolls used by them to determine those who went to the poll and those who did not. It will be the duty of the committee to work out the problem. AccointA are at the receipt and pay office, Bairnsdale for T. Armstrong. Bruthen -tlie chanles Institu'c, J. 3Bull, A. A. Harton. Dairandale Agricultiral Society, H. Brook, E. A. Barton, W. H. Bridle, J. Brunton, F. SBond, I Dull, J. Banylis, W. Clancy, n. Curtain, H. Cousens, J. A. Denney, J. A. Dorron, F. W. Drevermann, T. .Harvcy, J. HoffRman. C 'ames. O. Jones, B. Kestieng .. S. Lester, Lindcnow. Mechaie?n'- Insttute. S. Mahnr. J. A. Ilackieon, C Mitchell and Co.. J. W. tnlchklson, D. Munro, A. Mllar, W. A Richnrdson, H. Reed. I H. . Stoney, J Shannon... G Smith, W.tees,. Stevens, f. H nSaxe, S. 8, Terrill. Tambo Shire Council, S. G Varmey. J. E. Wright, H. Wehner. The Lnldenow Brs Badrd, which basbeen generous in its services on all publlc.ocec siones, is to be given a public benefit on the 23ed inst. One of the maxims of tle immortal Josh Bllings is, wrhatever you can by for nothing is just worth what you pay for it. I do not give coupons, but I do bettor, by giving the bhst value for your money, in stationery, school ?cquisites, books, fancy goods, etc., whereby yon get a direct saving. enstead of waiting until you have purchased goods to the value of 12 10se, and then getting an article that maybe - seles to you.' Unsold nipers Id por lb.--W. R. Lldston, the News Agency, Iairnsdale--An. Payne's Main Sotel, opposite the railway station, Mailn street, oBalrnsdalle. Mels oup, fish, poultry, meats, puddings, sweets, and ten--nal for is; beds ls. This house hla a special privilege from theo Licensing Court to remain open to 1 a.m. for the benefit o partieu travelling by the late trains.--IInarry Payne, proprietor-An. 