Melbourne leek by Week. Our Special Letter. Political Gossip. The imminent elections, provincial and federal, have po'ver, like Owen Glendovver, to ' call spirits from the vasty deep.' Following the example of Munro, Thomas Bent seeks to iosue again from the limbo of forgotten politicians, and is in the field for Brighton 'electorate. Bent's career is that oi the man with the iron jaw, and measure less self-confidence. From the time that ' honest ' Tom Bent, the market gardener, won the affections of Brighton from the peerless Higginbotham, his course was a blaze of success, Minister of Railways, Minister of Lands, and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, were the honours that fell on him. Outside political life he was a financial magnate, company promoter, &c;, sporting carelessly with thousands. ' The third day came a chilling frost,' and nipped his ripening greatness. The bursting|of the boom left him a ruined man ; the insane ex travagance and misgovernment of their rulers created a distrust of them amounting almost to terror on the part of the eleotors, and Bent went out on the re-aotion. dfter a period of obscurity, he came into sight as a oandidate for Port Fairy in a out- throat fight of three. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen and Duffus being the other two. It was widely reported and cynically believed that he meant to kill the vote for Duffus, and secure the return of his friend, Sir Bryan. Duffus was a Catholic, but was more a persona grata with the Protestants than the old Irish lion O'Loghlen. Anyhow, that is how the fight resulted. O'Loghlen wouldn't have had a ghost of a ohanoe if Bent hadn't out in. It is not probable that Brighton will rejeot its present member, a oultured, gentlemanly lawyer as Higginbotham was, but a Con servative, which Higginbotham wasn't. These resurreobions don't generally turn out well. Poor old Graham Berry and Franois Long, more found that the flowing tides had passed them and left) them derelict on the shores of the past. Berry shu/Hod and trimmed a bit in his old age, but Longmore was the honest irreoonoiliable he alwayB was to the end. The former earned the oon tempt of pity, but the others went down at the last with the honour of the strong enmity of the enemies of his oause— with all the will and courage to fight, but laok ing the strength to wield the weapons of the day. The utilitarian eleotor, true to hio principle that a live dog is better than a dying lion, made haste to discard the veterans. « * * The Glorious Summer of the Son of York. The intended visit of the Duke of York is a thing of joy for the shopkeeper, the fire work man, the brewer, and tao general Australian public, which latter is pas sionately fond of a holiday, something to see, and (ub far as the male section is oon« corned) anything whioh furnishes a pretext for liquoriouB enjoyment. The Houses of Parliament are filled with a dutiful joy and a rapture of thanksgiving, but such things are their business, The silken bands are to be tightoned and all that No doubt there is a fervorous attachment between our selves and the old aouubry jusb now, the fervorous portion of whioh ib born of mutual glorification over the South African war, but the solidity of whioh rests on England's allowing us to mind our own business, and paddle our little dug-out the way that pleases oursolvoB best. In faofc, much of Australia's loyalty rests on tho faob that it requires no material saorifiae, and that this country is probably tho greater gainer of the two in tho bargain. While that happy condition of things laBta, those who droam of a ropublic and national independence may oount themselves burefb of hope. Ib Jnivy oortainly be plaood to the orodit of Ohamborlain's colonial policy that ho has well aonBidorod our prHo or vanity, and that in all oasoa ho has nob grudged to flatter it. Ho spares no outward show on ub. though he did attempt to snriously cur tail our national libertios whan Mio Com monwealth Bill was boforo tho House of Commons. As he oouldn't kill our indo Eondenoo his own way, ho is going to try indnoBB on it, like his Government did on Homo Rulo, Wo aannot complain of tho treatment of this oountry by English Go vornmonts for many a long day, But while we appreciates this thoroughly, wo don't , qulto forgot that the libortios of Australia wore won for ub by a handful of Amorloau colonists in tho year 1770, However, tho future King and Queen of England will bo riotously woloouio to Victoria. Thoy ap« poar to oo a uloo, deserving, oolourloBti pair. We will have a gorgeous turnout, holidaya, sights to Bee, and a maunifiooiit opening aoromony of tho Federal I'urliiunoub, the Duko and Duohomi, lordn and liuliiw without end, K,0.M.(3.'/i quite ounuiion, banners, bandfi, milofi of troopn, tlio ihvd brilliant an Homblago of Mio loginlaboni of Auiibraliu, 41 It will more than oounlorhiilauoo the landing of Lord Hoputoun in Sydney, ' in tho gravely oxpramud mibiofuobion of a oootiou of the pronu. No iiiiiitalco Olmmbor lain is doing the thing ' handsome ' ; this plan will accomplish far more for Imperial ism than did that of the ill-judged visit of the Queen to Ireland. ? ? ? The Royal Road to ' Marvellous flelbourne.' There is one bitter taste in the anticipated sweetness of the Royal visit. It is already settled here that the Duke and party will land from their yacht at St. Kilda, and enter Melbourne from the south-eastern end, and there is a sinking of heart and a thought of dread of the first impression of the Melbourne in the mind of the future monaroh. St. Kilda-road is pretty good, and a fair advertisement for the wealth and dignity of the city between the Junction and the Homeopathic Hospital. But after that it is disgraceful ; and if the Duke bothers his head to think seriously about us and our boasted city (which is not a matter of certitude), he is bound to think us a vulgar, money-mongering, unpublio- spirited people. The north side of the road entering the oity is bounded by a partly newly re claimed and partly unreclaimed swamp j through the fiat land between the road and the swamp, a majestio open drain carries its troubled waters gurglingly along to the soarcely more limpid Yarra. A row of mean- looking wooden boat-sheds adorns the river front beside the sweeping spans and tremendous oolumns of our really mag nificent bridge. Just beyond these un sightlineeses, however, the prospeot is good and the landscape pleasant, but the south side of the road degenerates from blank ugliness to worse. For three or four hundred yards there is a ragged, dreary brick and broken-bottle strewn, rankly weed-grown waste, shading off to unlonely wooden and galvanised-iron sheds, where phenol asphalt and similar (esthetic rnanu faoburies are carried on. The South Melbourne councillors wished to let this ground, whioh they olaim is within their boundary, for rate-produoing baildings, thus threatening the oity with a permanent disfigurement and an everlasting hideouBnoss. The Melbourne Council and the Lands Department had, happily, enough publio spirit to block thia game, but not enough to cover up the nakedness and squalour of tho land. The Duke's coming, however, has changed all that, and some effort will bo made to oope with the evil. Unfortunately, as one loyal gentleman mournfully writes, you oan't grow treeo in three months. But they oan get the place tidied up and the trees and gardens planted for a future perennial enjoyment and beauty to the oity, and this is really of more inri porbanoe bo ub than the gratifying of our vanity before the paRsing stranger of royal blood. ? ? * Rev. Jos. Nicholson Pays Up. Your readers may have notioed my re ference a few weeks bade to the newspaper duel bebween Father O'Reilly and the Rev.» Job. Nicholson, when the latter made a sporting wager of a pound to nothing on the aoouraoy of liiu quotations. Father O'Reilly took the wager for the Bake of the odds, limiting himself to two misquotations as a tost. His opponent was unconvinced on the one, bub on the other, tho alleged thumbscrew and faggot utteranoes of Aroh bishop Ryan, he oashed up like a true sport, Any writer who in future may sketoh the Biblo-in StabO'BohooIs movement may find a light spot in a grave subjeob in the following oilloial dooument : — ' Tho manager of St, Joseph's Sohool, Malvern. bogs to acknowledge reoeipb, per Rev. M, J. ID, Roilly, CM,, of ohequo lor £1 from Rev, Joseph Nioholson, Prahran, being amount forfeited by latter for mis quotation.' ? ? « Catholic Notes. The Rev. Father M. J. O'Reilly, O.M., bus lofb Melbourne for Bnthurst, probably for a change of climate. An attaok of influenza whioh had last year resulted in bo serious a lung trouble that he was relieved of a good deal of missionary work, and was able to dovoto tho time gained more fully to literature, to whioh ho has boon more or Iobb addicted all his life. Tho ?? Austral Light,' of which Fathor O'Reilly was oo«editor, benefited moat by hiB pen during tho last 10 months, and not less by his sound, prao tiaal adviae. In addition to hia signed work, the rev. Father contributed tho clover, UBoful, and witty pages titled, ' In formation Buroaui' Fathor O'Reilly 1b a good all.rouml lovol-hoadod man, with a restlessly active mind and irrepressible spirits, having tho courage to tauklu almopt anything, ana the talent to suaaood in moid/ of bin efiorta. Ho writoti excellent vorno, and prouo, whioh 1b virile, buoyant, and humoured at timon with a flavour of wit and piquant naroatun. Ho in a ntudent of art, ootnpoiiuii a littlo, proaohen well, and talks woll in three or four languagen, in cluding that uncommon vurioty of iWlinh ottllotl » plain,' * Etcetera. The 'Argus' was playfully hoaxed into announcing that Redmond Nolan, a more or less black and white artist, was on the eve of going Londonwards to take a position on the ' Graphic.' Some individual, whose zeal for charity was greater than his regard for the absurd literalness of facts, took the journal in, the object being to advertise the Cafe's chantant at the Children's Hospital bazaar. Nolan was to give an exhibition of lightning sketching at the affair. He is a clever young fellow, but indolent in the pursuit of his talent. It is unfortunate for the undeveloped capabilities of some of our youth that they are not under the smarting spur of circumstance. Nolan Bhould have clever blood in him ; his mother is a daughter of Judge Barry. The salting of the Glenfine mine has been a wild sensation in a dull time. There was nothing artistic about the matter, no mys tery requiring the genius of a Sherlock HolmeB or a Vidocq to unravel. The gentle man who performed the operation simply took a ride on the waggon which conveyed the Glenfine stone to the crushing battery. He was seated next tho driver, and con versed with him pleasantly, while he cut a hole in each of two sacks, and dropped in a few lumps of alluvial gold. After the crush ing the shares went from 7s to 24s, and the salter, Radelifle, his brother, and a pal named Morgan, made two or three hundred on the risft. Subsequent developments proved the crushing to have been a fraud, and then it was simply impossible, even for the police, to miss the par ties concerned. One unfortunate speculator who bought in at the top figure writes pathetically that he wants his money back, and why won't the law do anything in the matter? He is evidently an innocent abroad, Perhaps his first loss will be hiB best loss in the lesson it conveys. It is 99 ohanoes in 100 that the ordinary mining speculator outside the know will lose, and perhaps 50 that he will be swindled. It is a gambling game like horseracing, and the punters don't get their money back when the favourite is 'roped,' even when the owner goes out for life. A short-memoried publio were at a loss to understand the point of Trenwith's jibe at Dr. Maloney over teaohing a dead frog to walk, but the little medioo understood it so well as to fly into a violent passion. Under its influence he levelled a brutal and unfor givable insult at his nominal leader, which he probably now regrets keenly. The House was ashamed and mortified and thoroughly in sympathy with Trenwith. Violent pas sion is a chronic complaint of baloney's, but as people consider that he is a good-meaning little fellow with a heart several sizes larger than his head, no one takes any notice of his freaks. He is the spoilt child of pol.tios — the enfant terrible of the Labour Party — sub- ject to wild and incoherent emotions, whioh surge in his bosom to the dislocation almost of his ribs and to the oonfusion of his ideas. He isn't half a bad platform speaker, possessing a real dramatic touch, though affected to the point of melodrama and gusn. He is in his own mind a sort of early bird or lone outpost of 'Liberty,' standing half way up the mountain side to oatoh the first beamd of the ' dawn ' of humanity, and to signal the orowd in the valley to that effect. The frog business is what he learned when he was touring with Geismardo Riohards, the elootrfo healer. When the elector returned to Melbourne, his constituents held a meeting, and poor old John Hanoook and others turned up to ' guy' the little ohap in a friendly way. Maloney was full of the wonders of eleo trioity, and gave tho most striking example of its power whioh he oould recall. By eleo trioiby he said you oould make a dead frog walk up an inclined plane, The Federal Parliamenb will meet in the Exhibition Building for a dead oertainty. The place is oommodious, can be easily fitted up for the'' purpose, is well situated, and affords plenty of scope for tho biggest kind of demonstration and 'blow out,' The Ohildree'a Hospital bazaar has re sulted in a not profit of over £14,000, the gross reoeipts being over £10,000. This is somewhere about the reoord for Viotorian bazaars. Coming so soon after the wiping out of the Melbourne Hospital debt, the oity naturally feels a littlo prido in its gene rosity. Doing good is receiving good. Intercourse with gooa women is the element of good manners. True prayer brings our wants to heaven and leaves them there. * Kindness is a prooioua oil that makes the crushing wheels of oare seem , lighter.— Eugene Field. Why do we not satisfy the loving desires of our dear Lord ? Ho aBka bo little of ub j fidelity only to those promlBoa made to Him bo solemnly in Holy Baptism. — Venerable Mary Ohorubina. A oommitteo mooting of St. Ignatius' Col logo ox-Studonts' Union was hold lu the president's (Mr. G. Flannery) chambers on on Friday, 21st instant, Novombor 0 waB the date flxod upon for tho annual dinnor. A sub oommittoo, oonaiatlng of Messrs, F. W. -). Donovan (vioo«pronidont), J, T. McCarthy (hon. hoc), and P J. O'Donnoll (lion, treasurer), wan appointed to niuko all arrangoinontii in aomioobion therewith. Tak ing a lino from tho liuit nmokn concert, hold under tho auiipioon of the union, and whioh wan nuch a i-ronnutiood buouohd, tho com tnittee inborn! to uparo no effort to mako tho forthcoming dinnor tho moot nuoaoBiifu! yet hold by the union. Goulburn. His Lordship Dr. Gallagher has a busy time in front of him, all his Sundays, with* one exception, up to December 2 being en- . gaged. Here iB the programme : — Wyalong West, blessing and opening new presbytery, Sunday, September 30 ; Wyalong West,. Confirmation, Sunday, October 7 ; Lockhart, Confirmation, Sunday, October 14 ; Albury, blessing and laying foundation- stone of new presbytery, Sunday, October 21 ; Corowa, inaugurating new branch of the H.A.C.B. Society, Sunday, October 28 ; Wagga,, blessing and laying foundation-stone of new presbytery, Sunday, November 11 ; Kooroo watha, Confirmation, Sunday, November 18 ; Frogmore, Confirmation, Sunday, No vember 25 ; Goulburn, Sunday, December 2.. 