HER FIRST PATIENT. It was a proud day for Martha Evans when, after four years' hard work in a celebrated medical school, she returned to her native city, rented and furnished a tiny office on the main street, hung a gilt sign in the window and sat down to await a call from some afflicted one. Martha was a "new woman" in the sweetest, noblest and purest sense of that much-abused word. She had none of the coarse, many affectations that so many, women suppose they must display in or der to impress the world with their mental superiority, but a holy desire to relieve mankind of a few of the "ilia that uesn is heir to" made her face radiant with inspiration and her voice soft with wo manly sympathy. Dr Evans spent the first three days in arranging and " re-arranging the little office into which she had gathered numer ous tokens of love received from friends and admirers, and the place wore a de cidedly feminine appearance. On the morning of the fourth day, just as she was entering the office door, a loud ring at the telephone made her heart leap with expectation. She fairly ran to the instrument and received this mes sage; "Please call at cnce at the residence of Mrs Greengo. Mr Greengo is ill." In her haste to answer the eail she al most forgot her medicine ease. The Greengo residence was only a few blocks distant, but the short walk gave Martha time to compose herselt and when old Mrs Greengo greeted her the youthful physician was as quiet and dignified as if her life was a.n old story. "You remember me, don't you, my dear?" asked Mrs Greengo, extending her hand, and Martha replied: "To be sure I do; but who is Mr. Greengo? I thought you were a widow. "I am a widow, my dear. Mr Greengo is my nephew, a very brilliant young law yer, but somewhat given to melancholy. He seemed well enough when he came down this morning, but a few minutes ago became ill and asked me to call you."- So saying the old lady led the way into tbe sitting room, where Mr Greengo, clad in dressing gown and slippers, and with' eyes closed, lay stretched at full length on. a great couch before the fireplace. "Here is the doctor, Paul, my dear," announced Mrs Greengo, and then she seated herself on the couch at his feet. The man on the couch moved his head slightly, but made no other sign of hav ing heard. , , . u Martha's quick eye noted' the giant frame, the long black hair, and the large, : strong mouth, as she drew a chair to his side, and, laying her tiny fingers on his wrist, asked in gentle tones: is the trouble, . Mr Greengo? i STbere are you lll?" Without opening his eyes he replied, . ''I am a lawyer, madam, .'and not a physician. How do I know what is the trouble? I sent for you to And out." "Yes, sir; I know," said the lady, coax- ingly. 'Hut you must tell me how you feel. Your pulse is quick, but with no signs of fever. Show me your tongue." He extended a large, red, clean tongue, and Martha continued, in eweet, coaxing tones: "Your tongue is peculiarly healthy look ing, so it cannot be your stomach. Now, tell me, have you pain in place? Are you dizzy or faint?" The patient opened a pair of large, melancholy brown eyes, looked her squarely in the face, and, laying his hand over his left breast, said: "For a long, long time I have had a strangely numb, empty feeling right here. 'And a pain — not an ache — but such a pain as I used to have in childhood, when my ipother punished me. I feel like weeping sometimes, and, lately, on several occa sions, my heart has palpitated so wildly that- it made me faint and ill." Martha's cheeks flushed lightly. Kneel ing beside him, she laid her ear against his chest and listened. Truly, the pulea- liUu 11U3 UICCUI Vt(u3 i U'IU "Are you too ill to rise?" she asked timidly. "Why, if it is necessary, I suppose I can stand," he replied, savagely, rising to his feet. Mrs Greengo shook her head and look ed frightened. Dr Evans smiied roguish ly. "I wish to get my ear between your shoulders, Mr Greengo," she said, quietly eying the tall figure before her, "Shall I stand on the couch or will you sit down? , And please remove your dressing gown." He smiled, just the ghost of a smile, and eat down. He was so helpless it required the assistance of both ladies to remove his dressing gown. The doctor then took two strange-looking instruments from her grip and proceeded to give Mr Greengo's heart and lungs a thorough examination. iWben it was completed she replaced the instruments and seating herself beside the cough, she said, quietly: "Mr Greengo, I fail to find the least symptoms of disease about you. I think you have overtaxed your nervous system a little, and need some rest and recreation. If you will spend a month in amusing yourself, mostly in outdoor exercise, and will leave work and books and business entirely out of the programme, I will give yuu a. luiuu auu a tuav you will feel as sound as ever before the mionth is out." She gave him the pre scription she had been writing while she .was speaking, and then as she drew on her gloves turned to Mns Greengo and began an animated conversation about .old times and old friends. Paul Greengo watched her a few min utes, a heavy frown between his eyes, then arose, and left the room without a word. Two days later, as Dr Evans sat before her own cozy grate fire reading the morn ing paper, the offlce door opened and ".Greengo entered. "I have been doing just as you told me, doctor," he said, "and I am feeling much worse. In fact, I have never been so miserable in all my life as I have these last two days." Martha's great blue eyes filled with tears. "Mr Greengo," she said, "you know I am just a young physician and have had j little experience. I shall be glad if you will consult some one older and wiser than I." "No, I will not," he replied stoutly. "I flnn't want nnv one else. I am sure V0U can help me; that is why I called this morning. I want to tell you that I feel horrible when I am alone and I believe I need cheerful company. I wonder if you cannot arrange your work so as to drive with me for an hour or so every morning?" He looked so helpless and miserable, 'this great giant with the melancholy eyes, that Martha answered readily: "I will, Mr Greengo, for I am very anxious to help you." And so it came about that they drove together every morning thereafter and little Dr Evans amused her big patient With merry conversation, and he began ht once to mend. The days and the weeks flew by and Martha's patients increased in number, but not in Importance. One morning In June Paul entered the little offlce on Main street with a curious twinkle in his eyes. "Doctor," she said, "I wish you would listen to my heart this morning. Martha looked alarmed and immediate ly arose and laid her ear against the broad chest from which Paul had drawn bis coat and vest. "Do you not hear a strange sound there, doctor?" he asked. "No, I do not, Mr Greengo," she re plied. "It seems to me your heart beats .wonderfully strong aiid true." She moved away, but he drew her to him. "Something is wrong with your ear, Martha," he said, "for I hear It plainly, a little song In my heart that sings ever: :'I love you, I love you, I love you." " f "Paul Greengo!" cried Martha, drawing herself from bis embrace and looking an grily Into his soft eyes, "have you been fooling me all this time?" "No, darling," he replied, "I have had all, the symptoms I told you of. The burning emptiness and pain came into my heart the morning I saw you place that little sign In the window. After that every tipie I saw you or heard your name or even thought of you my heart would leap into my throat and there palpitate ho wildly I could hardly breathe. Don't give me any more pills or prescriptiect-s, dean but give -me your-own sweet self and I shall be well and happy the rest of- my days." Paul is Martha's only patient now and she declares she has all she can attend to. —"Chicago News." 