? J. D. HENNESSEY, Author of " Wynnuin," "The Dis-Honorable," "An Australian Bush Track," «A Lost Identity," " The New-Chum Fanner," etc, etc. A beautiful yonng English lady mhente an Australian estate, including Sea Llitt Tovrere.s fine place in the vicinity of bydn^y. •J he uncle through whose will she inherits is supposed to have committed suicide, and to haunt thr. Towers and on the first mght of her rcsidenc there B.^tric.- B.-dlantyne. the • .ri.cfii IB stari lei and horrified by observing the hearthrug and the floor t-eneath it sink „ u. of sight, wli'le a fat, cniel-looking h«nd appears, wearing a n markable cat « eje ring, which seems to exercise »n evil f.sen.anon over her; she faints and knows no more. day can find no traces of the previous night's occurrence, and r.-solves to keep her own counsel. That rtay Miss Kallantyne visits h.-r lawyer in the city, h<are his account of her iffaire, and msp eta "he Ballantyne jewellery, the inventory of which lists a cits eye rii.g that the fair owne. discovers almost wilh borior, is missing from the glittering pile before her. M.ptim.is Dorset, the lawyer, when asked why th s particular jewel is not v>rodnced, is ov> rcnrne with confusion, lie, however, shakes off his agitttion, and tells a remarkable story, in which the cat's eye ring plays a large part. Two new character aie introduced, Mr.-s Dalbert. a clever and handsome Anglo- Indian adventuress, who had for years held the late Raymond Ballantyne under the spell ol her fascinations, and to whom at o»<; time he had willed the whole of his property, and his distant relative and pb .-ical d.ub!.-. Seth bos dale, who is his |_euer.il fncu.tum. Both men love the same woma'i, but fllie loves neither, anil desirp onlv we.*lih aud the fiower it bringB. Bkllantyne, to it je sworn, at last throws himself from the cliffs into the sea. It is then discovered that he lias altered his will, leaving Meta Dalbert nothing. He has aiso left a disturbing document warning his young heiress, should he meet his death una;countably, that she is to beware of a..y person wearing a cat's eye ring. At the conclusion of this recital Lawyer Doiset accepts Miss BailantyneV invitation to spend the evening at the Towers, where, on their arrival, they find the Kev. Christopher Br.adface in possession, and the three cpend a pleasant musical evening, the more enjoyable in contrast to the terrific storm which rages outside, and which compels both gentlemen to remain at the Towers all night. To ^ej:- limus Dorset his fair hostess assigns tlic haunted room, but in the morning, though his ciothmg is tln-re the owner has vanished. Beatrice, when she hears the news, swoons ~w..y and a doctor is sent for. who, finding ihe lad\ almost well auaiu, devotes himself to a thoiouuh bui uusuccesiiul search fc.r the missmg iran. Miss H..l»antyne bciiu quite pro-tratel bv the dreadful occurrence, the doctor sends" his sister. Miss O.aee St.ong, to keep her company. 1 he det-c ives come to Sea Cliff to investigate the mysterj , aud Dr Su-.ing tells them how. yeais previously, a d\ ing patient at the Sydney hospital had told him that there w..s a gold mine under the towers, and that there was a way down to it fiow tUe late Mr Ballautyue s bedroom. The detectives find nothing to support this stnrv. and though tlicy work mdefatig»t.ly for a month th y are as far from a solution of the mystery"as ever. Then Dr Strong spend- 1 uight'in th- ha.unt<-d ru.'m, with a big mas 1 iff foi company. At midnight he s -es with b iror the fireplace sink Mlently hcluw the floor, rising again shortly witli the figure of a man s-iititig, dea.hly white, in an arm char on the lieartnrug. He goes forward. revolver m hand, to investigate, but luimediiileh he steps <<« to the rug his wnipou i- snachci away and he is struck >ensele fs. to atvuKe soon afterwaids in a dark damp cavi y bouiewhirit! iu xhe bowels of the eaitu. CHAPTER XV. WHAT THK NEWSPAPERS SAID. There was great commotion when it wal discovered on tho following Diormuj that Dr. Strong was missing. AU first it •mounted almost to a panic, and the whole of the servants were ont he point of leaving. They bad been awakened early in the morning by the barking of the mastiff; bnt beyond sniffing around the room, and especially around the fireplace, the mow mcntii vt the dog gave 110 cluu whatever to what had happened during the night. As soon as tho news got out about Seacliff, the whole neighbourhood waa thrown into a state of unparalleled excitement ; the question of these disappearances, and especially that of Dr. Strong, were discussed by men who had not spoken to each other for years previously. Grace was well nigh frantic as to what had happened to her brother, and commenced a systematic search for some - trace of his whereabouts, and yet managed to keep the terrible tidings a secret from Beatrice. f There was a great stir in the city on the matter being madt public in the following morning's pupers, for both Septimus Dorset and Dr. Strong were fairly well-known men, and as the result of the newspaper paragraphs, crowds flocked out during the week to see the Towers. The account given by one of the leading Sydney journals was as follows:— 4 " JIVSTBRIOCS DISAVP-EABANCB. " During the past few days there have been two very singular and unaccountable disappearances of well-known citizens, from the residence of the late Mr. Raymond Ballantyne at Seacliff. The place, ifhich is a fine and spacious ston» mansion is known as "The Towera,' and has recently come into the posseseion of a niece of the late owner. "ft will be remembered by some of our readers that quite recently Mr. Sepfllmus Dorset, of a well-known arm of city solicitors, was staying for the night at Seacliff Towers, having been called out there on business connected with his profession. He slept in a large room at the northern end of the mansion, bnt in the morning, although his clothes and money and jewellery were found where he had placed them before retiring to rest, the gentleman t was miss ng. So one wa sleeping in the same room with him. and every effort has been since made, both by the detective department and his own friends, to discover some trace of him, without success. " This lias naturally caused his friend* aiucli distress and anxiety, and it 6eemi that Dr. Strong, who has attended Miee Ballantyne, the present owner, through e dangerous illness, the result of a shock caused bj this misadventure, had specially set himself to elucidato the mystery. " On the evening of the i(/th instant, if transpires that the doctor decided to sp< id the night alone in the very chamber from which his friend had disappeared, hoping thereby to obtain some clue V Unfortunately, he did not acquaint any member of his family of his intention, or they might hare dissuaded him; but, pleading a professional engagement which •was likely to detain him during the greater portion of the night, he reached the Tower* about sundown, and acquainted the Berrants of hia intention. It should be said that, einoe Miss BaUantyne> illness and the disapnearnnnn of h#r solicitor, Mr. Septimm Ooraet, the ovef- •ight of the servants at the Towers ha4 been Diaetaoallr in Dr. Strang's hands. i he uoauctimu^auU ga*Heuer ooih uttered to ket-p the docTOr company, but he insisted upon the house being close-1 op as usual for the night, and with a .powerful mastiff dog and a revolver, Dr Strong entered the room, and was there seen for the last time. " A tire had been lit to air U10 ajvu Bent, and a luuip was lighted by onu of the servants, but of what transpiiTid during the night none save the dog have any knowledge, and, unfortunately, the animal has not been able to indicate any source from which an explanation might be •btained. "Early in the morning lie was heard barking, and tho household being aroused, the room, and house, and grounds were carefully searched, but no clue to the doctor's singular disappearance could be discovered. The dog seemed nerrou?, and could only be induced to enter the room »gain with difficulty. A careful cxamination of the apartment, made yesterday by an expert detective, who had for some weeks been engaged upon the bt,range ca-e of Mr. Septimus lJorset, suggested a cine which the officers hope may lead to something. Hairs of the dog wero found behind the curtains of a ltrge bay-window, and also foot-prints supposed to have U en made Cy the feet of Dr. Strong. If so, it is surmised that the doctor may h;ive been atching the room for eomo time from behind the cartaioR, in which case the probability is that he was watching BOme one who had entered surreptitiously. Itis known that the doctor was armed : but no shot could have been fired, and there is no nip-n -n hatuver^of any stmjrgle. "Tne friends of the doctor have been t' ro»n into the greatest distress by his m\ Bterious disappearance. That there has been foul play seems certain, for he went to the Towers avowedly to spend the night in the haunted chamber, and asked for the dog to be brought for company and protection. It is impossible that he can have left the place willingly, or by ordinary means, for the doo s of the room were found locked on the inside, and a d<Jt>r had to be forced before an entrance could be effected. " The whole affair is enshrouded in the deepest mystery, and some extraordinary theories are current among strong believers in the supernatural, for it is asked how was it that no shot was fired by the doctor in self- defence; and, also, how it was that the dog seems to have lent him no assistance ? Had there been a struggle, the dog would certainly have assisted, and the room must have shown some sign of it, but the place wae found in perfect order j the bed had not been slept in, and not a single article of the doctor's was found in the room. "There'must of course be a solution, but the difficulty is to know in what quarter to look for it. We have made but very little comment in the matter of Mr. Dorset's diiappearance, because we have been anxious not to hamper the detectives who have the matter in hand. But there should now be the utmost effort made to probe the mystery, and find out whether these men have been murdered, or by what meani they have been removed. Any explanation suggested in regard to Mr. Dorset's disappearance, will scarcely apply to Dr Strong, for until the last fow weeks he ha« been a perfect stranger to all those who are interested in the Towers property. The safety of the individual in the Australian colonies has been one of our proudest boasts, and we cannot see our public men spirited away in this fashion without urging the police authorities to use every endeavour to at once clear up the nrymtery, and remove any feeling of apprenensiea Mid insecurity from the public tiind." CHAPTER XVi. Mae. Diliut Aqaik. A woman of any age from thirty to fortyfire, who considers that her life has been a failure, and who is on the lookout for some chance, oven at that late hour, to make it a success, is a dangerous person to be brought in contact with. AB drowning men clutch at straws, er other poesvble or impossible saviours, 80 does such a woman clutch at circumstances. She may wreck a hundred lives, but she will take the risk with perfect indifference. What does it matter to her if a hundred or a thousand fail or go under, if sbe only oomes out on top. She exaggerates her misfortunes, holds hex successes and advantages lightly, she has a grudge against the world; and all creation, if necessary or possible, must pay Ihe penalty. 2for does marriage satisfy many women §1 this ambitious stamp, especially when the marriage relations have been ragarded by the outside world as having fallen short of expectations. There are some women whose chief aim in life is to enter the haven of oonnubial bliss with a suitable partner. If he turns out unsuitable or unsatisfactory they still feel that they have reached the goal. If left widows, they have at any rate succeeded where many others have failed. But the woman referred to takes little aocount of having been married. If the marriage had not come up to her ideal, ohe frets herself at having failed to reach the summit aspired to, and the consequenoe is a restless, dissatisfied, and over-weaning selfish life. We must not, however, be too severe in our estimate of such a woman as w&b; Mrs. Dalbert. She had been brought up in comparative luxury, had spent her early life in a round of alternate pleasure and disappointment, had married a man totally unsuited to her temperament, had lived a short, loveless, and childless married life, and had been early left a widow, with brilliant, bnt comparatively uncultivated talents, and a meagre fortune. Her meeting in India with her cousin Raymond Ballantyne had opened up a new prospect for her; but tfwas distance lent enchantirfent to the view, and on the morning* following the disappeaisLnce of Dr. Strong, she sat reading a letter in a room of a handsome house in a Sydney suburb, with expression of countenance the reverse of tranquiL s The letter was from Seth Sosedala, and read as follows:— " Dkak Mkta, The fates are unfortunately still against ua. It seemed to me that after legal matters had been adjusted, a very few months should have put everything all right, but now a medical question has unfortunately intruded itself, with results which at present I find it difficult to see the end of. However, you know that I am careful of speech and sometimes talk in parables, BO you will do well to keep yourself fully conversant with modern literature.—Yours, etc., Sera. BosanALK. P.S.—Shall await your advice." "The fool!" ejaculated Mrs. Dalbert, when she had perused and reperu^td the letter. " He is very cautious apd fearful of oommitting himself. I suppose that reference to literature means that I am te look through the newspaper carefully; there is evidently something happening at the Towers." " liabel," she called to her attendant and oompqnion, " run down afcus and bring up the paper." She took it eageriy from the girl, and saying " I shall not want anything for awhile," walked over with much deliberation to the windo w and drew up an easy chair. What a ooammmate actress she was ] She knew full well that the letter was a 1 warning; tliit something serious must have ooourred for Seth Kosedale to have written to her. She guessed that 6he Was wanted, and every nerve in her body was tingling with nervous excitement, and yet she carried herself before her companion with all the composure and outward oalm conceivable. 1 Her eyo* soon caught the paragraph c a^ywtHip .WtT^*—<• ' f«,-nse (lie MMiutgur, the L »Iilk, 1 • llif JIIV n> »>«u. dci^yf, i*>l suitocri «j to ihv LKJUI^IAD^ , vun think, could be !ndoo«ltol*ke& ''Jr^m' she read it with the closest attention. Occasionally she stopped in her reading, and gazed across the street in front of her; but she saw nothing. Her thoughts were with the tragedy which immagination coniured up before W at Sea- CUSE. Not that Ae valued life particularly, but there were reasons why she dreaded the consequences of Seth Bosedale's act. If Dr. Strong was Btill alive, she would do her best to save him from the fate ol Baymond and Septimus Dorset He had blundered in » enare, what gain to them for him to pay the penalty. Then, however, the thought flashed across her ffltad, «Dead men tell no M **Her hesitation whs momentary, however She determined to save the doctor's life if not too late. , "Mabel, I am going out, and may net possibly return until to-morrow. The girl was a country-bred lass, who had been engaged as companion ed attendant; she had learnt the advisability of asking no questions of her mistress on occasions such as the present. Sh > assisted Mrs. Dalbevtto dress, which, although she guessed that a man's life was at stake, Mrs. Dalbert did with the greatest care and deliberation. There was a finish about Mrs. Dalbert, when she was ready to go out, which both pleased and interested her companion. She was the most perfectly-dressed woman that Mabel had ever known. It was not a surface elegance or exterior finish either for every garment she wore was in style and finish perfect of its kind. Not that the material was specially costly, but it was the make and style. Mabel thought it was the outcome of good family and high breeding. No woman that she had ever seen could frive her skirts the dainty swing of Mrs. Dall>ert. But it was not culture or high breeding to which Mrs. Dalbert owed this elegance of style; she was an artist in tho nutter of dress, and lier whole gait, and deportment, and be^riu^. 1301-0 witness to it. Nor was the dress of Mrs D.\lbert without si gnificance in its general bearing upon her character. The puiding principle of her life was " good taste " It WAS not the moral value of an action so much, as how it would appear to outsiders lev standard of right and wrong was loat sight of when the question of appearances came in. If a thing could be made to appear right, it «uu right, and she had so trained her mind, and schooled herself byhabit, that good taste had become her rule of life. j t It certainly simplified life and conduct to her. She could talk to a clergyman and impress him with her orthodoxy and goodness, without any suspicion on her own part that she was playing the hypocrite. It was simple and genuine, aa far as she was concerned, for it fulfilled her canon of good taste. Crime, by this, if only it was saved from vulgarity, was quite as correct as religion. Personal gratification was with her, as with thousands of other women, the most powerful motive ; and so long as her artistic taste TH; not offended, all "avenues, whether good or bad, were available to her for its acquisition. This will explain her connection with Seth Rosedale. Her cousin, Raymond ; Ballantyne, had disappointed her. She thought that he would have married her, Hut he did not offer to do so. 4is age and mode of life had enfeeh ed his ardour, so chat the physical beauty which had at once captivated and conquered Seth Rosodale and Septimus Dorset and other mea she had met with, failed to induce Raymond Ballantyne to marry her. She might have gained her end in this, but foi the counter influence of Seth Rosedale, who wanted her for himself. But Rosedale was . a mere blunderer compared with Meta Dalbert, whose dominant passion was love of honour and position, and whose one pursuit was gain ; but who determined to have and enjoy it, if possible, without compromising herself or doing violence to her good faisCe. There was, of course, unpleasant work to be done—there always is under such cirsumstanoes; but others would do that for her, and in euch a manner that she was not offended or involved. Mrs. Dalbert stepped upon the street aa fair and finished a specimen of a Society woman as oould well be met with anywhere. From her glovee to her boots was faultlessly attired. How little would a stranger have dreamt of the errand upOK which she was bound. She travelled into the southern suburbs by tram, and there called a hansom cab. Bad instructed the man to drive her out to Sea-Cliff. " To the Towers, ma'am r" queried tho BAIL "No," she replied shortly, "to Fern- •xHe." "The man must have recognised me," •he thought. It did not trouble her. be"- - •ver; it only suggested to her just then that the man must have been impressed with her personality to so remember h< r. It must not be expected that Mrs. D.ilbert was harassed with anxious thoughts about the fate of Dr. Strong, as the cab L»0t _ Host woman would have been in a fever of anxiety; but her mind was too much occupied with her own thoug-hts and plans. She wanted wealth -, she wished to be mistress of Sea-Cliff Towers, but, if possible, without the addition of Seth Kosedale. She might be content to make use of a man, to flatter and encourage him as far as it suited her purpose, but it was anothtoK thing to make a life companion of him. She had beauty, talent and style. She was wtterly unscrupulous as to the rest, and with money, she believed that shs could choose her companions and her posi- C H T i i S A E T f tion at will. Nor was she the first woman who has sc thought, or been sinllarly disappointed. (To be Continued) FUTURE CHAPTERS. 17.—Friends in Adversity. 1,S.—Detective Seymour Goes Lnder. 19.—Seth Rosedale's Arrest. 20.—Detective Seymour's Story. 21.—The Body of Septimns Dorset is recovered, and Detective Bruce £ets a Fright. 22.—The Rev. Christopher Broadface sees a Ghost. 23.—Beatrice and the Doctor. 24.—A Consultation. 25.—A Fresh Discovery. 2G.—The Fifth of November. 27.—The Day of Trial. 28.—News from Sea Cliff. 29.—More than a Brother. ? 