(CORTIilGHT.) IN THE DEAD 0F N1QHT. ET MAT CROM!AELIN. Author of "I'IIIKIS-; OR Slave, ' "The Dream Phi!'!." " (,>neenie " "Orange Lil.v," " Dust rv-f'.iR Wind," " T;nve Knots," " For Sake of the Family," <fcc.. fee. Xight. was f a "" nf;i-;l over burn and brae as the t\M> girls nailed close together in the c»rria«® that vi-aii rapidly nearing Hollywood, Although having only parted in summer, when !><•!h said good-bye to school, they had a- thousand things to ask and tell, being bosom friends. "Oh. Ulsin. is tins your home? How beautiful!" ulteied i\l<.yna O'Neil, craning her head out. t.o admire the sccnc, as they turned in at a loii^e. To the Icfl the Whitewater brawled borsch- in its rocky bed; while oil tho light the oak wood rose steeply in a gloiious sweep of russet foliage. Ahead. (he "Id house loomed massive on the river bank, i-.vn high windows glowing with lights, four tin rets frowning. " Sr.™ '. th'»e arc >ny windows," said Elsie Stirling. I like.'he light to greet me coming home. And I like ».o lock out. at the night, without being hindered by curtains. Some of the country people are frightened at my lump, because of an old legend about, a pi-or girl, one "f the family, who died in that (.-ing —I'll tell you (IK- story ANOTHER time." Then, in hei downright, genial w>io>, morr natural to her than a touch of sentiment: "You're going to stay all winter, dear; you must! It's 60 lonely for me. bein^ an only child. Hut I do beseech you. nevei be late for dinner! Because my father " " I won't! Oli, Eisie, yeu are a dear! If you knew what it is to be Cinderella to six poor sisters! I promise. To night "I'll jump into inj black " " Wu'll jump out ef your skin if you attempt dressing. No tim? allowed here, if you c< me by late train. I'll keep you company. No thanks! I must! Moyna understood her friend's warning hotter as a little, lalcr both tripped quietly down thegrcat stairs, still in ! li-eir trav<!ln>£dresses ha ring only had time for a cat's toilet, as Moyna. said. One footrnaD stood w« telling the clock, with a hand half raised. The butler stood with one hand already on the knob of the library door, and his anxious eye fixed on the footman, for he could not Ree ths clock where he stood. Inside the library Mr. Stirling was pacing on a regular track up and down that long room, one hand holding his watch, th« other under bis coat tail. For an instant his gar.e left. the. eightyguinea timekeeper to note who entered, and lie grunted; '* Humph—just saved your life, Bliss O'Keil. One minute mere and you would be late. Elsie, where the dickens is vour Aunt Angelina ? If she keeps me waiting " His red face grew crimson. as lie stood still, glowering at the watch; then, in answer to a timid murmur from the wife, the steam of this simmering wrath was let off in a violent snort. " What do you say '—wait ? Wait for Lady MacTaggart.! Because it is her first, visit since her husband died! By George! it will be the last if she's not. here in one minute and a quarter!" The three ladies watched his Face, on which the veins were swelling ominously. Moyna felt breathless, her heart quite thumped. There! with a glare the host looked up. In went his watch. The door was thrown open. " Dinner is served," announced the butler. Then from the oak galleryat the top of the stairs piped a shrilly weak voice: " I'm coming!—just coming! Only the steps are BO slippery." And a feebly elegant figure appeared, holding with ostentatious fright hy the balustrade as she descended. Meantime Moyna thought her host looked like a human hippopotamus about, to have an apoplectic fit, as, advancing to the door, he waited. • Misguided Lady MacTaggart! She simpered in Mr. Stirling's face; spread out a fashionably made green gown, and dropped a low curtsey. " Pray forgive me (in an affected voire). I wished to wear my new watered silk for the first time in your honour. And it was Quite a task to understand its fastenings." Without a word, Mr. Stirling thrust, his elbow at her. The alarmed lady clasped it. with deprecatory finger tips, and all filed mute into the dining-temple. Silently each began the soup. The host was last. Suddenly a roar burst from him. "Cold! Stone-cold!" There followed a volley of spluttering sounds, unintelligible from wrath, like, a shower of stones flung up by a volcano before eruption. Not a word came in answer. Old Stirling shot one embracing glance at the four bent female faces. Th<?n his fury overwhelmed him, and seizing his plate of soup, he poured the contents into Lady MacTaggait's lap. " Take that for your watered silk'." Consternation ! After the first shriek and *-tart,the unhappy guest burst into tears, and mopped each eye in turn with a six-inch square of lace. The butler with unmoved face began wiping the damaged dress, while 1 lie ladv snuffled in woebegone accents that iiis efforts were of no use. It was ruined! .•Slip could never wear it again. " Oli. Francis, and it was her best, new, lovely dress!" bleated Mri>. Stirling, shocked at the outrage to her sister-in-law. Her small ilork of courage was all exhausted in that murmur, leaving her quite pair. Mr. Stirling was now calmed, and sat forcing a smile of pity for the foolishness of womankind. He answered jovially, to hide .-•me secret shame! " A lovely gown ! Is that your idea of a lovely gown? I call it frightful. Eh, Elsie, What do you say?" All eves turned on Elsie. The girl answered bluntly, in a tone which her parent might flatter himself was a (vastly improved) copy <A his own, in its bright frankness. Then give her another,father, as good or better. Ann.; Angelina, t never did think that green quite becoming. It ought to have been toned down with lace." Old Stirling looked hard at his daughter, to detect any signs of insubordination. But her blue eyes were innocent- in expression as '.hose of a baby. With real relief he snatched at the suggestion. "All right! So I will.and do you help your aunt to choose, it. There, your ladyship, you can't say you don't get the best of that bargain; you get a new gown for your uglyone. But you've spoilt my dinner, mv ladv, and as a man can only eat a given number of dinners in his life, that can never be replaced." Lady MacTaggart saw at least that she would become the possessor of two good gowns, for Elsie's hint as to hiding the damage with lace flounced over the watered silk had not been thrown away. So she t-weetly smiled with the forgiving air of an experienced martyr; and the incident was closed. Only during the rest of that evening Moyna O'Neil became almost hysterical in hm mirth at any trifling jest; so that Mr. billing told her with griai approval that '' «ti« waa a merry BOUI and no mistake." But Elsie's eye WES =rprr!ici SITO, and tnnl; J off her fiit-nd to bf.i early, "u tin: pi-.a *.b.:l aftei a long journey Moyna must Isn overtired. And so the latter was. " 1 could not sleep, « know, for an hour vet. Don't, go away, dear—stay and chat with me juEt for a little while." So Ek-ie stayed, lightening her consciruco by partly undressing while Moyna did the same; the friends unloosing respectively black and golden tresses. Then they both laughed, and chatted and hugged their knees over the wood fire with innocent delight in its warmth, like a pair of kittens. As they talked, suddenly eleven struck in the gallery outside. It was prefaced by a prolonged wheeze, as if the old giandfather clock was nearing the end of his functions?. Moyna shivered. " Dear, oh, dear! It sounded like a death rattle! This is a very picturesque old room, Klsie; but I wish it was nearer to yours." And the speaker glanced faint-heartedly round the tapestry-hung chamber, one corner of which widened into a round turret, pierced with loopholes, that gave an uncanny air to the dark recess, although it was prosaically usod, nowadays, as a washing-closet. " I am only at t he ot her end of the gallery. This is my wing, so naturally I wanted you to be in it. There are only two rooms between us; one. is my sitting-room, and the other is bigger and more lonely-looking than this. You would not have cared for it," Cheerful though the reply was, some in. flection in the last sentence caught Moyna's qui'-k ear, and «he faced sharply round. " Wise! Is this wing haunted ? Ah, you won't, answer, but one can see it is, by your faro." " Oh, if it comes to that,, there is hardly a corner of Homewood that is not said to be haunted," returned its heiress with spirit* " Only this I can a-ssure yu, I have never once seen a ghost myself. Except (reflectively) when I was quite a small child in the nursery. Then, sometimes at nights, when my nurse was down at supper, I used to wake up and Fee an old woman rocking herself before the (ire. wearing a. great, white rap and a ^little shawl over her shoulders. It never st.rijck me to he frightened, but she always vanished when the nurse came in, and so 1 used to ask where, the old woman had gone to. Then my nurse looked queer and told ine not to ask questions. No—I never see any ghosts now. But Jock—that's a cousin of mine, who used to come here for holidays —has thr gift. He has seen one in the daylight, even. Very uncomfortable!" " Did your cousin ever eee a ghost in this wing ? And what was it Y' " Only a figure, dear; and he could net describe, it. except that it seemed searching for something." said Elsie, with sweet evasion. " Kcally, Moyna, I never dreamt you would be afraid, any more than myself, or .vou might- have had the room next my inoMiei "s." She was quite vexed at her friend s discomposure, and Moyna. with quick-witted tact, at, once perceived this, and put on a brave smile that deceived herself. j " Is it frightened? Nomorethao you are. Only I am desperately interested, for never, | never have I had the luck to he in a haunted j house before. And, Elsie, I might be one j of those mortals who see. It makes one quite thrill with—with fearsome joy." j " Really, I should not wonder if you were, j That is the way .lock talks, lie would be j very sorry not to see!" murmured Elsie, sur- ' veying Moyna's features. j A sudden thought caused Elsie to add im- j pressiveiv : 1 , , . . , ! "And if you do see her, mind vou speak, 1 , , , \ - , i One should alwavs speak r first to a ghost,:ind : . , , •dsk what thev want, or if you can help them. T, . - ,,, ' i j; .i ! it JS sunt thut often releases them from tueir silence and their penance. Just tbink of j the poor souls waiting perhaps two or three. ; ! centuries before anyone will have the cour- i ,, - ,, : courage to address them! I*low, promise, j * I will. Ob, indeed I will!" cried Moyna, • valiantly. j '•It, is a family legend," said Elsie, re . luctantly. " The peasants about here all | know it. Still, we don't much like But, j there ! I know you will not talk about it. , Wei! (after fervent asseverations from the i listener), the gliott was an awful girl, a poor ; cousin of our family. She was brought up j here, and so the eldest, son of the house fell ' in Jove with her. His parents were very . angry, for they wished hint te marry ;iD heiress, and they threatened to turn the girl out and to disinherit him. Poor Slaysie— that, was her name—could not bear to injure her lover's propects ; therefore she euurcated bim to go away and forget her. So he went to some wars or other ; and the old uncle kept her on, for she was a douce, biddable creature, and useful in housekeeping. But it broke her heart. j "When the lover said, Good-bje,' he ; asked Maysie to keep a light burning in her window, BO that, if he came home at. night, he would know that she was Etill true to him. ; AndKO she did, for two years. It was m one ' of these vtry rooms (I think in mine, but. no . one exactly knows which). After that time ! the son returned one night., and saw the light. He was overjoyed, and came into the hall a proud man ; for he had distinguished j himself so greatly in battle that the King had favoured him, and he meant to marry J Maysie—l«t his parents say what they i might. Then he greeted his father, and kissed his mother. But on looking round for Maysie, his heart sank. She looked like a snow wreath melting away, for she was dying of decline : but she herself was the only one who did not know that. The man was wild with grief, so that, his parents' hearts were touched, and they said the l-.ivers might marry at once, knowing that Maysie could not last long. " The. wedding was fixed for next day, aud Mavsie was as happy that evening—so the country folk tell the tale—as a bird in springtime with its mate. Bur when morning came they could not wake the bride- for the wedding. The joy must have? been too much for her little strength. She had died; at dawn. And ever Ei nee it is believed that the light is still seen burning by some persons at night, Arid the ' searching figure ' is also supposed to be poor Maysie, though i what she is looking for no one knows." " Looking for her lost, happiness," murmured Moyna, pityingly. " Oh, Elsie, you ' are not going ? Do teil me what "became of • the lover ?" . " I must, get to bed. It is nearly midnight, j As to the lover he mourned awhile and then married the heiress. My old nurse used to ' tell the story, and 6he always added—' Just like a man !' Now dear, good-night." Elsie was gone; and Moyna found her- ! self alone. j Alone, but no longer afraid, as she looked j once more round the old-fashioned chamber, ! whose walls had been the rnute witnesses ! of the dead maiden's lonely weeping and | gradual fading away. llather, Moyna was so exalted in mood ' that, glancing towards the *»".»»• turret <=- corner, — she i felt as if, were the pale spirit form of the ? lovelorn Maysie to glide forth, she (Movna)' had the pity and courage not, o n| v to offerher gentle sympathy in words, but even to' clasp living arms round that, ovam-Kcei-t! iisrui e :in« imp: nit n warm kios on its pure j and pallid brow. , Wh.it. matter that the legs had burnt low to ;> h>-.-ip <-f ivhito ashes, beneath which lu.!;••'! a m- :e .lull gluw ? The blue figures «>f Bacchus ami his train might seem to move on the obi tapestry, is a faint draught stirred them, caused by Elsie's closing of the door. Lot it wave! Many another might imagine vain terrors, but- not this girl! >io. for " For, though as sensitive to impressions as anyone, or more so hy far than most thick wilted prigs, I- -" And Moyna, with an overwhelming *ense of fatigue as she stood up. sought the. wooden four-poster bed which was throned against the inner wall. Wearily shir extinguished the candle, and curled doftii into the deep feather couch; gratefully laid her head on the lavenderscented pillows. Then she ended her unspoken soliloquy. " I have the true courage of the mind—not the body. I.ike Tn—like Turenne. . . quaking before—w hat battle was it ? . . . ' Afraid, general!' " Gentlemen ! if any one of you was half afraid as I am, you would run—run'. " Thereupon a deep sleep fell upon Moyna O'lVcil. How many hours had passed she knew not when ?iioyna roused from that heavy and drowsy slumber. Starting, she became aware that a noise must have startled *-er ear—t*ie click of t he. opening door. Surely the housemaid was coming to wake her. That was a s! i-eak «f daylight—No! No! AYith a sudden chilling of the blood. Moyna became aware that it was still the dead of night-, for the r«join was plunged in darkness but for a th'n streak of light, that seemed to come from far, far away. And— What, was that. ? Within the projected beam of the faint light, which seemed to be that of another world, a white spirit form was gliding towards her. A slight woman's outline, that stole forward, pausing, as if fearful — Maysie. the ghost! Big drops of sweat broke out on Moyna's forehead; her heart thumped with heavy strokes against her side. Yet—with all praise bo it said—in spite of that awful terror which almost always seizes the living when face to face with * being »f the unbnown ]and> the thought darted through the girl's biain that her promise must be kept. She must question the ghost. With gasping breath, in acc«nts that were forced straight from the throat—for her quivering lips refused their ofiice—Moyna bravely did her duty. " What—d'ye want ?" Her ears strained to hear if the spirit would indeed answer; she held her breath. excTy ncrvc j Silvering, lt did a I >lak Lo - w but ' clear, in a ! si ngolarl* soothing murmur, came the whis- ! P^red words: j " r v e c o m e f o r m ? bodyl" j Moyna's heart seemed to stand still. With [ fascinated eyes she dimly beheld the figure ' moving forward in the serai-darkness, with ' outstretched haods,feeling the chairs, search : ' n £—searching. The horror of it. was too much to bear j With a faint groan, the terrified girl sank back and smothered her head UHder the bsdclothes. — n ,10ur later. Moyna still lay thus, quak- • ing as if suffering from ague. Oh, it was awful! Was that- poor soul in pain still 'here, in the chamber it occupied long ago, when alivc an<i young, among other human beings ? Wat it still groping blindly, vainly seeking its lost youth, its beauty and maiden. hoo, i - 311 ^thered in the bud ? Torn away fr om g'ad life on her wedding morning, would poor r Maysie's soul never find rest ? , T . .' , . . .. . bor Moyna had biavely striven to aid the , .. - , u.-,, . . . ghost— mvam! Still it had gone on search- . _ . , , . .. , , ing, a6 for nigh two centuries it had sought; i . , , - .. . j. hopelessly, in disquiet and disappointment. At last, with a supreme effort, the courageous ". girl forced herself to look out again fearfully, with distended eyes. The room wa8 , . . , now plunged in utter darkneES. All was q uj et. wiiat a relief! Yet, once again, Moyna cowered down into the shelter of the enwrapping bed-clothes, almost as if they were the walls of a beleagured fortress. And, feeling that it was safest neither to see nor hear in this awesome room,she again covered her head. In this situation, the sound of the old grandfather clock still slowly knelling the hours, as it. were, could not penetrate to Moyna's hearing. But it must have been long, long afterwards, and she seemed to have only just, fallen asleep, exhausted with the terror of mind she had undergone, when she was roused. The room was filled with broad daylight, E.'sie was standing at tho beside, smiling, while a maid behind her carried a breakfast tray. " Wake up, sleepy-head ! You have nEarly slept the clock round. Why, I have had to P u!l 11,(5 sheet fairly well off you. Do you ALWAYS sleep with your head wrapped up like a n Ks.vptian mummy ?" Moyna put h<r hand to.her dazed, aching brow. " Oh, Elsiu dear, I have had a. dreadful night! Till long past-daylight I never closed an eye." " Mrpwlw! (With ready sympathy, Then • in comforting protest-.) Well. I can't understand that. For, certainly, you were sleepy enough wlhen I came into your . room again last night. You quite grunted ; when I spoke to you." • " I grunl-cd. . . ." 'Then in tragic tones: , "Elgin T beseech of you, tell me at once when you came to my room.again last night, and why ?" j Elsie's big blue eyes widened as if she thought her friend wa--> either distraught, or that in sleep mernoiy had partially left j Moyna. Very cleartv s&e; made reply. j • " It was abo:it three- minutes after I had j said good mchr, or, at mpst. five. Don't you j remerobcr, I openetln.he» door, and you asked j ! what I wanted ? Slo I said: ' I've come for j , the body of my dtK-as.' " ! j " For the body <(f your dress ?" ! "Yes,dear child.. "W!ry do you look so queer? -Don't you reivjnlner. as I had not changed from my mornijnj^ gfjtwu, on your account I took off the bisrlj- in h«re ? Afterwards I remembered, arnd fmp^back, as I wanted to wear it to-day. (Put. down the breakfast tray, -Jeanie.) And a mice hunt I had, groping in half- dartness, for, never thinking you wouJd have i,!to b t " d so <l uick, J- 1 ^ T candle outside* i.a the gallery." " Elsie,! Elsie!" And Moyna O'Neil burst into a fit of wild, almost, weeping, laughter. But for the saving sense of humour she would haute gone into hysterics. (The End.) 