'? jptfe Shadow of a Mao AN AUSTRALIAN ?- STORY. . By E. W^ Hornting, Author ot ' Young Blood,' ?« My Lord Duke,' &c.; (LOCAL SERIAL BIGHTS SECUBED BYvTHE 'SUNDAY TIMES1-1 FROM WARD, LOCKE AND CO, * ; . . .. . LIMITED.), , . ' ,- OHAiPTER IX (Continued).— PAX IN BELLiO. 'You talk as tnougn you foad committed eome crime yourself,' said Moya ; 'well, I don't\careif you nave, so, long as you teU one ail at-ouc it. There is arotoiug I womdu't tfor^ive— -uoQiujs.. upon ear Ln— except aacu secrets ironx uie 'woman, you iiro-tess to Jove !'? - an© -'had got Tid of nla arm some time toerore tnis, but their tnanus were siui JoinfcCl, in mo deepening twilight, until at ithis die dropped hers suddenly. 'Profess i' he ecnoea. 'x-rotcss, do I ? .You JjitovV better Uxim that, ac'&li; events i ?Upon my soul I've a gcou manii to tell you cuxei* tout, and chance uie consequencus l' i±is auger charmed 'irer, as ute singer of the right 'M' should cli-arm tne light rftonian; Ana tins tuue it was aha \vuu eougnt his liana. 'Tiien teli one now,' she whispered. 'And you suisii see how you have misjudge*1 me !' . It was hard on -Moya that he was not listening, ror she ha.u. useu aw su-cn tons sAiid lie was liswiitsg, Sus u- ttimuiei1 sanad iwaicxn reiiciicu her ui^o ui tud p&usw.; i; wa» ftae UitUi 'auxi jingle 01 ^ppivticiiijis. hoi'B6 men. Anc?ui6r nimute ana tn-e vviute uup j»ings OX the moan ied ponoeman siioncU (torough the dus&. ' \ . . ; 'That you, Mr. Rigden?' said a queer voice for 'tiie sergeant. 'Can you give us a word, please?' Rigden had but time to glance at Moya. Tii'-jride on slowly,' she said; at once; and sh§ rode on the better part of, a mile;' t leaving the way entirely to her good-busii ' steed. At last there was quite- a-.taunder ol, \ overtaking hoofs, and Rigden reined up Reside -her, with the sergeant not far be ?(hind. Moya looked round, and the sergeant iwas without his men at tactful range. 'Do 'they gues^ anything''' .'wnispered Moya. '' ? ????-'?:-? -? ? 'Not they!' 'Sure the others haven't gone on to scour Big Bushy?' 'No, ,only*to; cross it on their way back. They've given it up, Moya! The sergeant's just coming back for dinner.' His tone had been more triumphant be fore his triumph wasfecertaih, but Moya did not notice this. ' 'I'm so glad,' she whispered, half mis chievously, and caught his fcand under the .cloud of early night. . -. 'Are you?' said '? Rigden, wistfully. ?'Then I suppose -you'll say you're glad about something else. You won't be when ?the time comes ! But now it's all over you shall have your way, Moya; come for a 6troll after dinner, and I'll tell you—every thing!' '?CHAPTER X.— THE TRUTH BY INSTAIi I MENTS. I He told her with his back against the gate leading into Butcher-boy. Moya heard ; (him and stood still. Behind her rose the station pines, and through the pines peeped !hut and house, in shadow below, but witn -each particular roof like a clean table- cloth in the glare of the risen moon. A high light or so showed in the verandah be neath; this was Bethune's shirtTfront, that the sergeant's breeches, and those transi tory red-Jiot pin-heads their cigars. Rigden liad superb sight. He could see all this at Bomething like a furlong's range. Yet all that he did see was Moya with the moon behind her, .a feathery and white silhouette, edged with -a greater whiteness, and crown ed as with gold. ..- ? .'??? i 'Your father!' « 'Yes, I am 'his son and heir!' Her tone was low with grief and horror, but his was unintentionally sardonic. It jarred upon the woman and reacted against the man. Moya's first feelings toad been ?undefiled 'by self; but in an instant her tears were poised at their fount. 'And you told me your father was dead!' The new note was one of the eternal scale between man and woman. It was the note of unbridled reproach. 'Never in so many words, I think,' said Rigden, unfortunately. 'In so many words!' echoed Moya, but the sneer was her last. 'I hate such con temptible distinctions!' she cried out (honestly. 'Better have cheated me whole sale, as you did the police; at any rate, ithera was something thorough about that!' 'And I hope thai you can now see some excuse for it,' rejoined Rigden with more point. 'For that, yes!' cried Moya at once. 'Oh, dear, yes, no ona can blame you aror screening your own father ! I forgive you for cheating the police — it would have been ?unnatural not to — but I never, never shall forgive you for what was unnatural — cheat- ing me!' Rigden took a sharper tone. 'You are too fond of that word,' said he,_ ''and I object to it as between me and you.' 'You have earned it, though!' 'I deny it I simply held my, tongu« about a tragedy in my own family wMcfi you could gain nothing by knowing. Ther« .?was no cheating in that.' 'I disagree with you!' said Moya, very hotly, but he went on as though she hafl not spoken. 'You speak as though I had hushed up something in my own life. Can't you sea the difference? He 'was convicted under another name; it was a thing nobody knew but ourselves; nobody need ever have known. Or so I thought,' he ended in a Wretched voice. But Moya was outwardly unmoved. 'All the more reason why you should (have told me, and trusted me,' she in sisted- , 'God knows I thought of it! But I knew the difference it would make. And I was right!' , ' It was his turn to be bitter, and Moya's to regain complete control. 'So you' -think it's that that makes tha difference now?' \ 'Of course it is.' 'Would you believe me if I assured you It -was not?' 'No; you might think so; but I know.' 'You know singularly little about wo men,' said Moya after a pause. ?And her tone s'hook him. But he said tShat he could only judge by the way she load taken it now.' There was another pause in which the ' proud girl wrestled with her pride. But at 2ast she told him he was very dull. And she drew a little nearer, with- the ghost of other looks amid her tears. ) But the moon was behind her still. ? And Rigiien was very dull indeed. 'Y-ou had better 'tell me everything, and give me a chance,' she said, dryly. 'What's the use, -when the mere fact is enoug!h. ?' ..: .. , 'I never said it was.' 'Oh, Moya,. but you know it must be. fttiink of your people !' - ? - .. 'Why should I ?' ,. .:? ?? 73?'. ? { 'They will have 'to know.' ' ? , '- 'I don't see it.' ?? ?? . ? 'Ah, but they will,' said Rigden, 'with iolre conviction. And though the change in Moya was ' now, apparent even to Rigden. Jt iwrought no answering change in him ; on the contrary, Ihe fell into a brown study, with dull eyes fixed no longer upon Moya, but on the high lights in the verandah fax away. .--..,. 'There's so little to tell/1 he said, at lengrtfa. 'It was a runaway match, and a desperately bad bargain for my dear mother, yet by no means the unhappy mar riage you would suppose. I have that from ?her own dear lips, and I don't think it so extraordinary as I did once. A bad man may still be the one man for a good iwoman, and make her happier than the best of good fellows ; it was so in their case. My father was and is a bad man ; there's no min'eing Che matter. I've stood by him for what he is to me, not for what he is in himself, for he has gone from bad to worse like most prisoners. He was in trouble when ihe married my mother ; the police -were on his tracks even then ; they came cu't here under a false name.' 'And your name ?' said Moya, perti nen'tly yet not unkindly ; indeed she was standing close beside him now. 'That is not false,' said Rigden. 'My mother used it from the time of iher ?trouble. She would not bring me up under an alias ; 'but she took care not to let his ?people or hers got wind of her existence ; ?never wrote them a line in her poorest days, though her people would have taken ?her back — without -hi-m ! That wouldn't do for my mother. Yet nothing else was pos sible. He was sent to tne hulks for life.' iMoya's face, turned to the light at last, ?was shining like the moon itself ; and the tears in her eyes were tears of enthusiasm, almost of pride. 'it was fine of her!' she said, and caug'ht his hand. 'She was fine,' 'he answered, simply. Yet Moya's hand had no effect. He looked at it wistfully, but let it go without an answer ing clasp. And the girl's pride bled again. She hardly heard 'his story after that Yet at was a story to hear. The villain had ndt been a villain of the meaner dye, but one of parts, courage among them. '.'There have been no bushrangers in your time,' said Rigden ; 'but you may have heard of them ?' 'I remember all about the Kellys,' said honest -Moyo. 'I'm not so young as all that ; of course they were in my time.' 'Did you .ever hear of Captain Bovill ?' 'I know the name, but nothing more.' 'I am glad of that,' said Rigden, grimly. 'It is the name by which my unhappy father is going down to Australian history as one of its most notorious criminals. The gol'dfields were the beginning of ihe end of him, as of many a better man ; he could not get enough out of his ?claisn, so he took it from an escort under arms. There was a whole band of them, and they were all ?taken at last ; but it was not the last ot Capitain Bovill. You have seen the old hulk Success ? He was one of itjhe prisoners who seized the launch and killed a warder and a sailor between them ; Jie was one of those sentenced -to death and afterwards repriev ed. That was in '56 ; the next year they murdered the Inspector-General ; and he was tried for that with fifteen others, but he got off witti his neck. He only spoiLt his last chance of legad freedom in this life ; so he tried to eseaye again and again ; and at last he has succeeded !' The son's tone -was little in keeping 'with his act, but the incongruity was very hu man. There was Moya 'beside him in tha moonlight, but for the last time, whatever she might sa7 or think ! And her mind was working visibly. 'Why dlcfai't -the police say who it was they were after ?' she cried of a sudden ; and the 'Mame -was back in her voice, for she had found it new shoulders. iRigden, smiled sadly. 'Don't you see ?' 'he said. 'Don't you remember v.-lrat Harkness said at the start about ray fellows harboring him ? But he told me that evening — bo think that it was only 5as!t night ! — as a great secret and a tremendous piece of news. The fact is that my wnhappy father 'was more than notorious in /his day ; he was popular ; and popular sympathy has been the bugbear of the police ever since the Kellys. Not that he has much sympathy from me !' cried Rig den, all at once. 'Not that I'm acting altogether from a sense of filial duty, how ever mistaken. No ;.you shan't run away with any false ideas. It was one for him and two for myself ! He had the whip hand of me, and let me know it ; if I gave him awajr, 'he'd 'have given me !' 'If only you had let 'him ; if only you had (trusted me !' sighed Moya, once more. 'But you do now, don't you — dear ?' And s'he touched Ms coat, for she could not risk the repulse of his hand, though her 'words went so far — so very far for her ! 'It's too late now,' he said. But it was incredible ! Even now he seemed not to see her hand — hers ! Vanity invaded her once more, and her gates stood open to the least and meanest 'of the be setting host. She make advances to him, to the convict's son ! What would her people say ? What would Toorak say ? What would she not say herself, to herself, of herself, all her life long, after this night mare night ? And all because (but certainly for the second time) !he had taken no notice of her hand ! Wnon found, however, Moya's voice was as cold as her heart was hot. 'Oh, very well ! It is certainly too late if you wish it to be so, and, in any case, now. But may I ask why you- are so keen ?to save me the trouble of saying so 1' Rigden looked past her towards the sta tion, and there were no more high lights in the verandal; but elsewhere there were voices, and the champing of a bit. . 'If you go back now,' he said, 'you will just be in time to hear.' ^ ? 'Thank you. I prefer to have it here, and from you.' Rigden shrugged his Shoulders. _ 'Then I am no longer a free agent. I am here on parole. I am under arresk' ' 'Nonsense!' ? ' . 'I am Chough; ?harboring the fugitive! Phey can't put salt on him, so they have on DIG, ; Moya stood looking' at him in a long silence, but only gardening as she -looked- jatience, pity, and understanding had gono like so many masts, by the board, and tha wreckage in her heart closed it finally against him in the very hour of his more complete disaster. 'And how long have you known this?' sflie inquired stonily, though the answer ?was obvious to her mind. 'Ever since we met them on our ride nome. They showed me their warrant then The trooper had done thirty miles for it this afternoon. They wanted to take me straightway. But I persuaded Harkness to come back to dinner and return with ma later without fuss.' 'Yet you couldn't say one word to me!' \- 'Not just then. Where was the point? But I arranged with Harkness to tell you now. And by all my gods I've told you everything there is to tell, Moya!' 'You should have told me this first. But you tell nothing till you are forced! I might have known you were keeping the worst up your sleeve! I shouldn't be sur prised if the very worst was still to come!' 'It's coming now,' said Rigden, bitterly; 'dt's coming from you in the most miser able hour of all my existence; you must make it worse! How was I to know the other wouldn't be enough for you? How do ?I know now?' 'Thank you,' said Moya, a knife in her Jheart, but another in. her voice. The voices drew nearer through the pines j there wa3 Harkness mounted, with a led horse, and Theodore Bethune on foot. Rig den turned abruptly to the girl. 'There are just two more things to bw said. None of them know where he is ana none of them know my motive. You're In both secrets, and you'd better keep them — unless you want Tcorak to know who it was you were engaged to!' The rest followed without a word. It might have been a scene in a play without words, and indeed the moon chalked the faces of the players, and the Riverlna cric kets supplied the music with an orchestra some millions strong. The clink of a boat in a stirrup, a thud in the saddle, another clink upon the off side; and Rigden taking off his wideawake as he rode after Hark ness through the gate; and B&thune; hold ing the gate open, shutting it after them, and taking Moya's arm as she stood like Lot's wife in the moonlight. CHAPTER XI.— BETHUNE V. BETHTJNE. 'I don't want to rub things in, or to make things worse,' said Theodore, kindly enough, as they approached the house; 'but we shall have to talk about them, for all that, Moya.' '?I'm ready,' was *he quick reply. 'I'll talk till daylignt as long as you won't let me think!' 'That's the right child!' purred her bro ther. 'Come to my room; it's the least bit more remote; and 'these youths are holding indignation meetings on their own account. Ah, here's one of them!' Spicer stepped down from the verandai. witfh truculent stride. 'A word with you, Bethune,' said n«, brusquely. 'Thanks, but I'm engaged to my sister for this dance,' replied the airy Theodore. Moya could not stand his tone. Also she heard young Ives turning the Worses out for the night, and an inspiration seized her by the heels. 'No, for the next,' said sne; 'I want to speak to Mr. Ives.' And she flew to the horse-yaTd, where the slip-rails were down, and Ives shooing norse after horse across them like the in curable new-chum he was. 'Wait a moment, Mr. Ives. Don't have me trampled to death just yet.' 'Miss Bethune!' And the rails were up a.gain. But it was not her presence that surprised him. It was her tone. 'A dreadful ending to our day, Mr. Ives!' 'M'm glad to hear you say that,' cried the boy, with all his enthusiasm; 'to our day, if you like, but that's all! This is the most ?infernally unjust and high -handed action thait ever was taken by the police of any country! Iniquitous — scandalous! But it won't hold water; these squatters are no fools, and every beak in ibe district's a squatter; they'll see Rigden through, and we'll have 2iim back before any of the hands know a word of what's up.' 'But don't they know already?' . 'Not they; trust us for that! Why, even Mrs. Duncan has no idea why he's gone. But we shall have him back this time to morrow, never you fear, M133 Bethune!' \- 'Kow far is it to the police barracks, Mr. Ives?' Well, it's fourteen miles to our boundary, and that's not quite half-way.' 'Then they won't be there before mid night. Is it 'the way we went this morning, Mr. Ives?' 'Yes, he's going over the same ground, poor chap, in different company! But he'll come galloping back to- morronr, you take my word for it !' Ivos lea:;t his feldc-d arms upon the higher, of the restored rails. The animals already turiwd out' huggad the horsf-yard wistf.dly. The lucky remnant were licking the last grains of chaff from the bin. Moya drew nearer the rails. 'Mr. Ives !' 'Miss Bethune ?' ? 'Would you do a favor for me ?' 'Would I not !' 'And say nothing about it afterwards ?' . 'These lips are sealed.' 'Then leave a horse that I can ride— and saddle — in the yard to-niglit !' ? Ives was embarrassed. 'With pleasure,' said he. with nothing of -the sort, and began hedging in the same breath. 'But— but look here, I say, Mis3 Bethune ! you're never going all that way 'Of course I'm not,' and if I do it won't 'be before morning, only first thing then, before the horses are run up. And I don'it ?want you, or anybody, least of all my brother, to come with me, or have the least idea where I've gone, or that I've gone any where at all. See * I'm parfeetly well able to take care of myself, Mr. Ives. Can I 'trust you 1' 'Of course you can, hut — — ' 'No advice, please — dear Mr. Ives !' (To be Continued.) 