CHAPTER H. • The Unicorn, a farmhouse as wen as inn, about'a quarter of a mile inland from the angle of the Caldron. is not in the village, but stands on the high ground where the road through WestconiOe branches on ana becomes two branches—the left, in a distant and general way, towards Bridgcwater, and the right to Horucliff, past Hangman's liol- ' low. And it was at the Unicorn this even ing that \lie'talc of how the t; foreign" rub bish had been handed round the Caldron be came the public property of Westcoiube. " And 'tis my belief he hasn't the spirit of a ken chicken," added George ila.e, in a voice ca.cnlated to reach Annie's cars; for, though she was not in the kitchen, she was no far ther of? than the little room beldnd the bar* so that she would hear anything spoken load enough without suspecting ..that she was meant to hear—so profound was thu knowledge of her sex possessed, by Gcorgo Hale. 4t?Tis my belief nobody ever knew the feel of his fist, and as to liis talk, 'tis more like a parson's than a man's. Fancy him at Sebastopo!! Eh'i" 41 Tis plain to fancy he might have run away," remarked cue of the company. " rTwouId be warm work there." "Anybody that's seen service," said George, warming to his own work, "soon gets to know what a mans made of. I've seen a bit of sendee, and aren't ashamed of owning up to it, loo. 'Xisn't every man that was first up the Redan, and saved the col ours with six Russian bayonets at him—or may be seven—and him all alone. Not but what there's others that mightn't have done something like; but they'd have to be other stuff than lust chap, anyhow." " I say a man that did that ought to have been a General!" exclaimed another. " Oh, 'tis all in the day's work, you see, Joe," said George, modestly. " 'Xwouldn't do to have an aimy all Generals; and wc got to think nothing of things like that. Bless you, there was Balaclava." "Ah!" said .Toe, with relish; "I wonder you weren't in half a funk, that time." " You've just got to be in no funk at all. There's no maids to lead you by band against the whole Russian army, and you'd have a poor chance of dodging the shells if you shut your eyes. Why, I've known them swarming round like a cloud of midges! Talk of warm work!—why—" " It's good to hear of anything warm, to night," said Richards, shaking down a shower of frozen fog as he entered, "and to see anything at all," he added, after evident ly failing to find what his eyes had been seeking. " What with the snow and the mist one might as well be a mole outside." " There's times, now and agaiu, when eyes arc in the way," said George, looking round for the general grin at- so happy an allusion to the story of the Caldron. " We was talking of pluck," said one of the party. " Now, to my thinking, there's nothing half so plucky as when a little chap stands up to a big 'uu in the ring, and don't .give in till he's knocked out of time. That's pluck for you—and a line sight—as I've seen, too, with my own eyes." "There's a pluckier thing than that, John," said another. " 'Tis driviug a steam engine. For I've seen it done." " I'll lay you a pint to a quart, Xelson'd have done it," said yet another. " That s pluck—Nelson!" "And what's your notion, mate, asked George, turning to Richards. " It ought to bo worth hearing, ought yours." " Mv notion of pluck," said Richards calmly, " is what I've done myself this very afternoon. It's to crawl round a cliff hi as blue- a funk as—as—as—No; nothing was ever half as blue." " Then, as you're all such amazing bold chaps," said an old fellow in a smock frock, hitherto silent in the chimney corner, " I'll give any one of you a chance of a pluckier thing than's ever been seen or done. There bc'n't a chap here as'il go, this black night and all his lone, to Hangman's Hollow. Not out of the lot of you—no." " Why, and what's the matter with Hang man's Hollow?" asked Richards, *' beside the name?" " Ah, 'tis plain you don't belong to West combe. 'Tis where Dan Jarvis murdered liis brother for money, and was hanged in chains on the very spot where 'twas done.- Ah, and though'twas in the old times, and you'll m?c nought of it there on a sunshiny day, yet of a night, as it might be this, you'll still hoar the chains a-rattling and a-crclik ing—-I've heard 'em myself; and 'twas m my verr own father's time, Dan Jarvis s own verv self was seen walking round and round klTown gallows, months and months after he'd been hanged. Tallrof your steam en gines—a sight that must have been! So what sort of a sight old D:ui must be a walking now—and what bed say 01* do to the one as caught him at it. Ah!' "Then," said George, seeing a further chance of making his rival look small ip Annie's bright- eyes, or rather, as things were, sound small in her quick ears, " then, as wo're all agreed as how Master Richards hero is the pluckiest dare-devil as is to be found of a winter's night, to say nothing 01 a winter s afternoon, I'll laj* any man here glasses round that he, Master Richards, will go this black night, and all alone, to Hang man's Hollow—aud'll prove he's been them fair and square." "Done!" said Richards himself, with a smile. " HI take your bet—for I'll be hanged as high as Master Crook's Dan Jar vis & I turn out again, just when I'm get ting warm and snug: not I. You've lost your bet, fair and square. So—glasses round!" "Gammon!" cried George. xou dont mean to let me in for backing you like that, and tben.to back out of it." " But that's what I do mean, you see. 1 never asked you to back me, and it's not a, night for a dog—let-alone—a— " A—what? Perhaps you'd like to know what the men of my regiment would think of such a thing?" "I can guess—if they were seusimc-inen. • " They were. So you do know what they'd have said of a man who bragged of his pluck, and let another man back it, and then wriggled out of it like a—. No; ^tis not, as you say, a night for a cur. You're right ^Richards flashed up, and something like a »leam flashed from his eyes. He had never been known to give or to provoke a blow; »but even a coward will turn. However, be* foro he liad time to answer by word or ^"Vfould you go, George Hale?' said innic, stepping into sight. " \Vould you go to Hangman's Hollow, by night, and all *^f course I would, Yfiss Annie. I'm not afraid of a dead spook, whoever else may Then I bet you this new sixpence, with a hole in it. for luck, yon daren't." *' Gammon. You know I dare. E\ ery hody knows I dare." "Very well, then," said she, if you won t go, I will; but if you like to shut- your eyes and hold my hand, yon may come too. Gcorgo had not Hichard's incapacity for swearing, so ho swore like a man. Hang swearing, on nu a,...- ... —----- .. ... your lucky sixpence! You shall sec ii liu afraid of anything, dead or ahve. IV ill anyono lav me half-a-crown I don t go to— there? And the more half-crowns the better for 111- " He drained his tumbler and rose. *' Come—don't- be a fool," said Richards, wiih his notoriously good temper back again. "We've had more than enough of this nonsense, it seems to me." " Mind your own business," said George, ■whose temper had gone by the board, " and let me mind mine." " Quite right," said Annie. Then here is the sixpence; and here is a paper of nails. Let it be focud nailed through the hole to the middle of the top rail of the gate—yon know where—and it shall be yours. If not, I'll keep it till it's won." Somehow the feeling that more than a lucky sixpence was at stake had got into the air; but what or how much more might be in the girl's head was beyond the lumbering wits of mere men folk to-surmise—even if it were not beyond the quickness of her own. " You'll find it there right and tight, Miss Annie," said George, defiantly. " Twenty minutes there, and a minute for the job, and twenty minutes back again. -And if I take another glass before starling, 'tis not because I'm a Dutchman, but because—well, because I choose." He did take another glass, and he took it strong—stronger than he allowed anybody to see. " Look at the clock, lads—just half after nine. If I'm not back by half after ten *' " Twill be because you find Dan Jarvls such merry company," croaked old Crook from his corner. " What a sight he will be, after all these years I Good luck, lad—and I hope ye won't want mote than six penn'orth before je've done." us not a comfortable form of good speed, but after all, thought George, a> he passedTrom the light and warmth of the Unicorn into*thc frozen mist outside,what is it but an old wife's bugaboo? The con tents of several stiff tumblers were stili waita within him. What on earth cou'.d that girl mean by sending him—liini!—out ou such a night, and keeping that fellow Rich ards, confound him, in the warmth of her presence and the light of her eyes? Ah!—lie had it, though! Of course it was to'show all Westcombc that there was one wholly brave man iu the place, and that uaii, George Hale: to cap the story of the !n!«lrnn ? and In nl(n\r him. when lie claimed Caldron; and to allow him, when he claimed tho sixpence, to claim a great deal more. All the same, he wished it had not been quite so dark a night j he could scarcely see his own hand when he held it up to warm it with his breath. Ife might just as well not have been too proud to carry a lantern, if oniy to see his fingers; and he might just as well have taken one tumbler more, just to—just to keep'GUt the cold. Hark—what was that? Pooh—only an owl. After all, it was a fool's trick of Annio's. Couldn't she have let well alone? And then that old Crook, with his creepy talk. It wasn't the right sort of talk at all for a man who was about to do what everybody allowed to be the bravest thing ever done. 1'or,"after all,' there might be such things as ghosts. There certainly had been that murder—and—he began to whistle. Rut he could not manage a tune. Perhaps his lip3 were too cold. He was now at the inner angle of the Caldron—that is lo sav'very near indeed to the wooded coombe known as Hangman's Hollow. And, though it must certainly have been fancy when all was so dark, the mist seemed lo be thicker and blacker, just Where he knew he would presently have to stand, all alone, long enough to hammer a tin tack into a mil. And this with untrcmbliug fin gers, or the sixpence might drop and be lost, and with it the proof of his valour. " Of course it will drop," thought he, " a little thing like that. Why didn't I bring a lantern? No"—he was very near the Hol low by now—" no, 'twould be a fool's trick of iny own to chance that! Not a'soul would ever believe I'd really been." He found himself perspiring at the thought, and the moisture tamed chill as a sound unmistakably like the rattling of chains reached his ears. Of course there were no chains; there had been no gallows since- long before his time. Rut if there may be gbosls of murderers, why may there not be ghosts of their gibbets and ghosts of their chains? "I'll—I'll not risk—dropping that six pence into the moss, or maybe into a chink of rock where it'll never be found. There's too niuch hangs on this"—his own thought startled him. " Hangs!" It was an ugly word, just then and there. For surelv he did hear a sound, faint, and phantom-like, it is true—but therefore all the worse to hear. "After all, I think I'd best go straight home. When I don't turn up at the Uni corn, she'll have a bit of a scare 1 I can be at the Hollow again as "soou as ever it's daylight, and nail up the sixpence safe aud sound. Not a soul else will be about—aud I should really have been there to-night, for I'm as good as there now; and— Ha I" Had he been a woman Iiis cry would have been a scream. For forth from Hangman's Hollow rushed two huge blazing Eyes, whoso glare not even the mist could veil, and bore straight down upon George with a rattle and a roar. He dropped sixpence, hammer, and nails, and tied, with the whole horror of dead Dan Jarvis at his heels. \\. v, 