THE NOVELIST. "The Sin of a Lifetime." CHAPTER XLII. ' I shall have to live with tho knowledge through all tho future,' Lady St. Just thought to liersolf — ' I may just as well begin my task now.' Yot she had some terrible causes for anxiety ; onowas, would any tiling compro mising to hor bo found in Gerald's papers ? SI 10 tried to rcassuro liersolf that lie oved lior too well to ho careless in any nintter nffectiug hor. Yet for tho next two days tho proud beautiful woman suffered a very martyrdom of suspense. Every ring at tho hell, ovory knock at tho door, ovory unusual sound, ovory strungo footstep, startled hor ; and at lost Lord St. Just began to fear that she must bo ill, and to wonder what was the matter with hor. It was a sore and torriblo triul on licr nerves. She did not dare to go ugain to Gerald's lodgings, lost her doing so should excite wonder and comment. Tho day of poor Gerald's funeral came, and ovory one who hod known his connection with tho fnmily thought that Lord St. Just octod kindly nod cour teously in following. It was a fitting mark of attention. Tho kindly noblomun himself had taken care that the ceremony should bu befitting a friend of tho Ncslics. Gerald's brother did not attend ; tho engagement that ho had ill Uoucti would not allow him. So poor Gerald was laid to rest, and Lord St. Just ordered n marble monument that was to tell his naino and his age. Ho was sorry for tho helpless secretary. 1 It must be,' he said to his wife, because I find life so pleasant and so fair that I dread death, because life ends with it. I was so grieved for your poor friend whom wo laid underground to day.' Tho day of poor Gerald's funeral was one of tho saddest in Vivien's Iifo ; lie had been so true a friend, and ha belonged to tho sunny past as much as ho was associated with hor sin. On tho evening of the day uftcr which she had heurd tho terrible story sho had shut horsulf into her own room that she might think what was the be3t to do. There was but one thing to be done — that sho knew. Lancewood ought to bo restored to tho young Sir Oswald. Had Gerald lived a few minutos longer, site would have been compelled to promise that ; but he had died while the words were on her lips. Ho had told her in the courso of thoir interview how it could be arranged, how the boy could be pro duced through the family solicitor, who would understand that ho hod been Inlan sronna kofitro. Khn cnur i h wno possible, without incriminating herself to yield up Lancewood to him. IJut, after hor years of possession, when sho had given every energy of her heart and soul, all her talents, her patience, timo and fortune to tho restoration of tho Neslies after years of labour and thought, and with the consciousness that Lance wood was now tho finest estate in tho county, it seemed to her impossible to yield it. To give it to n strolling player's child, to sea it once more laid waste, made desolate, its revenuos squandered on a horde of needy foreigners, its glories tarnished, sho could not ontortain tho thought. Honour and honesty, justice and right, pleaded in vain, sho could not yield up tho place ; and so, in wilful deiiaiico of right, knowing full woll the extent of her crime, banishing tho remcin- branco of the dying faco and the pleading eyes, she resolved to continue the sin of her lifetime. 'If ho had a different mother,' sho repeated over and over again, 1 1 would do it; but Lancewood shall not bo tho prey of a strolling player, no mutter by what naino she is known, and her associates.' At the same time she resolved upon doing what she could for tho boy ; lie should have the best of education, the best of assistance. Sho trusted to her own ready inventivonoss for kooping his existence a secret. If tlia worst came, she could say that ho was a boy in whom Gerald Dorinan had been warmly in terested, and whom, for Gerald's sake, she was befriending. Sho could always take refuge in that equivication, although she detested false words. ' It cannot be wrong,' sho said to her- self, with an air of desperation, ' tho sin would rather lio in allowing Lancowood to bo tho prey of the spoilers,' Tho next morning, as sho left hor dressing-room, sho saw her little Arthur waiting for her at the door. ' Mamma,' ho said, springing up to her, ' I told Frank I should have tho first kiss, and I have had it.' She took tho child in her arms and looked at him long and steadily. They wero gravo thoughts that passed through her mind then. This sin of hers, this usurpation of another's rights, might extend to the inuocont child ill her arms. He was ono day to bo lord of Lancowood, would Hcavon punish him as sharing in hor sin ? 'I wish.' said Ladv St Just to liersolf. ' that I uudorstood more of thoso things. How could ho suffer for it, whon ho would ho innocent of tho facts ovon V She lookod at tho boy's fair sweet face, and her hoart warmed to him with a great love ' I would do nothing that should hurl hi.n,' she thought, ' my beautiful boy.' Then sho remembered how proud sho had been of liim, as tho ono who would inherit tho home she lovod. Could sho take it from this fair-faced, noble boy, and givo it to Valerio's son 1 A thousand times no 1 Ho was a true Noslie ; ho had noble blood in his vions, and a noblo soul shone in his little face. Rob him for Valerio's son, tho boy who in his youth hod learned to docoivo and to tyrannise 1 A thousand times no. 'I will koep Lancowood and risk it,' she said to horself ; I will keop it for Arthur's sako.' The child clasped his little arms round his mother's neck. 'Mamma,' he said, 'you look so sod, so serious; havo I been naughty r 'No, my darling,' sho replied ; ifnd tho boy hid his faco on hor neck, for ho saw tho beautiful dark oyes were filled with tears. . , . , , The ohild ran away to his play, and Lad y St. Just wont to her daily duties, Sho novcrlookodutor liatenod toiler own children without thinking of little Oswald, whom sho remembered as a child. Sho had lovod him after trying so hard to oducato him. She wondered wlint he had grown into, what ho was like now, abovo all, if lio had romembranco of Lnncewood. A longing camo to hor to sco him, to know if lio believed himself to bo Henry Dor- man, to know if lio had any lingering memory of his former life. The idea grow upon her until it bocaino a perfect fovor. Slio said to herself that if she once saw him sho would be at rest, that if sho could speak to him, know something of him, sho would not bo haunted us she was now. How eouid sho seo him, by going to tho school wlioro lio was 1 Sho re- ineniliered tho name, Doctor Lester's, Hammersmith. Slio looked in a directory and found tho nanio, ' Grove House Academy.' She might go there somo day when Lord St. Just was occupied. She need not tako Joan with hor, neither need she take tho carriage ; slio could go in a cab, und return in tho same way. Would tho boy recognise herl No, hIio was sure of that ; Gerald nover spoke falsely, nnd ho had assured her thut Oswald remembered nothing of his former life. Slio would go, and if hor naino were asked for, she could say Mrs. Smith, Mrs. anything. Ono tiling was quito certain, slio must sco tho boy. ' Vivien,' said Lord St. Just, anxiously, ' cither you are not woll or you aro plotting somo terrible conspiracy, which is it 7' The words were so near the trutli thut Lady St. Just trembled. ' Why do you say that, Adrian !' sho asked. ' Sly darling, you do not know how you liavo changed. Hithorto you havo been all smiles and sunshine, now you are always thinking so deeply. I nover find you reading, writing, or playing with tho children ; whenever I come in you aro sitting or standing quite still think- iug, always thinking so intently. Do you know that sometimes I enter a room and leave it without your having onco scon or heard mo 1 I often speak to you, ask you questions, ami you look nt me with sucli vague, dreamy eyes. What is it that occupies all your thoughts V Slio tried to smile, to answer him lightly, but hIio could not. Her lips trembled, her face grew palo. ' You are not well,' ho said. ' You have worked hnrd for mo this year, Vivien, I owe a great part of my success to you, but now you must rest. Wo will leave London as soon as possible.' She clasped hor arms round his neck aud kissed his fnce. ' You are so kind to ino, Adrian,' sho said. ' I do not deserve your groat love.' Aud Lord St. Just laugiiod at tho words. CHAPTER XLIII. II Kit husband's words made a great im pression on Lady St. Just. Sho knew they wero true; she had room for no other thought in her mind but her thought of tho child Oswald. Sho took note, and found that for hours togothor she did nothing but think and ponder. She could never havo been a real criminal, sho had too keen a conscience. Sho could tako Lancowood from this boy because she did not think him worthy to hold it; but slio could not forgot tho boy's existcnco. Sho must seo him, care for liim, advance his interests in iifo, do anything, in fact, except give liiin his inheritance. ' Ono thing is plain,' sho said to lier- self, ' if I wish to koep my secret, I must not let it ubsorb nie so entirely.' Tho very expression of hor face scoinod to have changed ; it was full of dreamy, absorbed thought, tho Iifo and animation had almost loft it. ' I shall bo bettor whon I havo seen the boy,' she thought. ' I am lmuntcd by a thousand fears and a thousand thoughts thut will bo laid as ghosts are laid whon I havo scon hiiu.' That soon became her ono great object, and tho day came that brought her a very fair chanco of achieving it. Lord St. Just went with somo friends to Graves- end ; thore was a Government inquiry about some naval matters that required his attention. Ho would be ubscnt tho whole day; and on thut day Lady St. Just resolved to go to Hammersmith. And when she visited Gerald Herman, she dressed herself as plainly as possible, a black silk dress that showed somo signs of wear, a dark travelling-cloak, and a bonnet with a thick vail. Thus attired, who would rccogniso tho beautiful and magnificent Lady St. J ust. Sho contrived to lenvo tho liouso with out being seen, having sent Joan Habloy out previously. She walked somo little distunco. and than took a cab. 'It is a long drive,' was the man's comment whon sho gave tho address. ' You shall bo well paid for it,' slio replied, witli sublime iguoranco of a cab- man's peculiarities. Har heart beat loud aud fast as tho cab stopped before a largo square house standing back from tiio rood and surrounded by trees. 'Grove Houso Academy ' she read on a largo brass plato. ' You will wait for mo,' alio said, as tho man openod tho door, ' I may bo some time.' Tho man seated himsolf on his box, took out his newspaper, and mentally congratulated himself on being ' in for a good thing.' Tho door was openod by a footman, who said that Doctor Lester was not in, but that Mr. Hardman, the head-master, was. ' I want to seo ouu of tiio young gcntlo- mon, a Master Henry Dormim. Is lie hero !' ' Yes, ploaso stop this way, aud I will fotch liim,' was tho reply. Sho wua shown into a small ante-room, with nothing very cheerful to rocommond it, it contained a square toblo, a fow horso-hair chairs, u pair of globes, and a large map. All viow froin tho window was nut off by a thick wire blind. Lady St. Just sat down. Hor heart was beating fast, her limbs trembled, sho could not stand. Sho was to sco him again, Valerio's son, tho child she Iiad deprived of his inheritance, tho heir to Lancowood, tho descendant of a Btrolling playor, the boy she hod hushed in her arms, and tried to teach, and had given up in doapair. She throw back hor heavy voil, and seemed to gasp for breath ; hor h'pe burqetj l&e; fire ; thon slio drew down hor veil, nnd tried to calm hor terrible agitation. Sho heard footsteps. A tall, elderly gentleman entered tho room, who introduced himself as Mr. tho head-master. Ho looked Hardman, at tho beautiful face half hidden by tho voil. ' You wish to seo one of our boys, madam — Henry Dormun ? Ho is an orphan. I boliovc. Slay I ask if you know any of his relations Y ' I know liis mother,' she replied. ' I should iiko to sco him, altliough ho would not know me. I know his mother when ho was quite a little child.' ' Wo aro obliged to bo cautious, said Mr. Hardman. 'As a rule, wo' require a note from tiio parents or relations before any ono is allowed to seo any of tho boys. But in this caso I can dispense with tho formality.' Ho had recognised tho musical, refined voico of a lady. ' I will send young Dorman to you, madam,' ho said, as ha quitted tho room. All, Heaven, if hor heart would but beat less wildely — if tho clinging mist would but pass from Iter oyes — if tier trembling hands would but grow still 1 When had slio soon Oswald lastl She remembered tho day nnd the hour. Ho had said a lesson correctly to poor dead Gerald, and, ns a reward, sho gavo him n bull lio had been longing for. ' You are a good sistor. Vivien,' ho hud said, as ho ran laughing from tlia room, A good sister ! The words returned to her witii u keen pang. Before the door opened slio heard n laughing voice say — 'Somo ono to see me, James 1 You must bo mistaken. No ono over comes to seo inc.' 'You will see for yourself, .Master Dorman,' was the answer ; and then lie stood before her. ___ Her eyes utmost devoured liim. Her breath came ill thick hot gasps as slio looked at hiin. How was sho to hide from him I How was sho to hide hor sin 1 Slio saw before her a tai.ll, slender boy with Valorio's goldou-brown hair and Valerio's eyes. There all resemblance to his mother ended. Tho face was exactly like her own — a true Neslio face. There was no mistaking it — no passing it by unuotieod. Ho lookod up at her with bright, fearless, laughing oyes so like Valerie's. 'Are you quito sure,' ho said, 'that you-want to seo inel I did not think any one in tho wide world knew me.' She took his hand in hers ; all her heart went out in pity to tho desolate, lonely boy. ' I know your mother, master Dorman,' she said, ' when you were quite a little child.' ' I wish I had known her,' ho returned. ' When all the other boys talk about their mothers, I wonder what mino was like.' ' Do you not remember her P she asked. ' I remember two faces,' said the boy. I think ono was very fair and laughing, tho other dark and beautiful, but I can- not toll whother either of tlioin was my mother I remember tho fucos only indistinctly, liko a vague dream. Did you know my mother T How her heart ached for liim, warmed to him, beat with passionate pity and passionate pain 1 Site would do anything for him except givo up Lancowood. ' Yes, I know her. Because I know hor I have came to sco you.' ' How did you knosv that I was hero Y lio asked ; and the question puzzlod her. ' I heard it by accident,' she replied, ' and I thought I should liko to soo you.' 'For my mother's sakel' ho inter- rupted ; nnd sho could not say it was for Valerie's ' I shall cuino and seo you sometimes,' sho contiuucd, ' and, if there is anything you would like, I will bring it.' ' Thoro aro many things I should like. I should like a good bat for cricketing, and a bow and arrow.' ' Would you P asked Vis-ion, svitli a brightened faco. ' Thon you shall havo them.' It was somo littlo comfort ovon to give theso things. ' I shall bo passing by hero next sveek,' slio told him, ' and I will bring them to you.' That is vory good of you,' said tho boy ; and tho voico was so entirely like Valerie's that sho was startled. Sho saw him looking intontily at her veiled faco. ' You luis'e not tohl me yot who you are,' he said, laughingly. ' You would not know my nanio if I told it to you,' Bho replied—' you will easilv remember Mrs. Sliith.' 'Are you Mrs. Smith)' lio asked. ' Wo have five Smiths in this school, and tho boys say that tho Doctor will not tako another. Mrs. Smith, did you know my fathor P ' Heavon pardon mo !' sho sighod from the depths of her heart. His fathor was her own. ' Yes,' alio ropliod, in a low faint voico. ' He and uiy mother aro both dead,' sisrhed the bov. ' I iiuve been in America with my uncle, Mr. Dorniau. Now ho is dead, and I am quito alono in tho world.' Was Mr. Dorman your unclo V sho askod. 'Yes. I used to call hiiu Uncle Dorman.' And where did ho live?' asked Lady St. Just. 'I think lie had always livod in America,' replied tho hoy, thoughtfully ; ' he nover spoke of England to mo when wo wore in Now York. We eamo to England togothor. Ho plucod ma here at sohool ; and now ho is dead.' ' Ho was vary kind to you P sho said. ' Yes— no ono could have Ixxm kinder,' answered tho lad. ' I cannot remember going to America — I should not think I was more than fivo years old when I went.' 'You wore a young traveller,' she said. Yes. I went with somo ono who was always reading and studying— ho nevor ooomed to remember that I was alive. Ho UBed to look at me in such surprise and say, ' Oh, littlo boy 1' I cannot remember bow I went from him to unclo Dorman.' ' Did your uqcle never toll you, never spook to you, of any ono whom he know — ,Ed. of any friends P Si?' oy — 1 Nover.' Then,' thought Lady St. Just, ' I am quite Bafe ; thoro is no link here. Ho does not know the name of Lancewood ; thoro is nothing to connect him with it hi any way. Even should any ono know lie hod an ' unelo Dorman,' tlioy would never dream that this unclo who lio says livod in America was Gerald Dorman who livod at Lancowood. I um quito wifo ; there is no connecting link wliatover.' t' h'm" ty3 very hind to you,' sho snid ; 'I shall bring you everything thnt you like. Have you plenty of pocket-money P ' Are you any relation to mo P asked tho boy, curiously. ' Do you know, I faney that I havo heard your voico before ; it is just like music ; and it seems to iuo that years ago I hoard one just liko it. May I sco your face 1 Your veil is so thick.' She hesitated a moment, and then she said to herself, ' Thoro can be no danger ; ho does not ovon know tho naino of Lancowood — ho will not remember me.' 1 See my face J' slio replied. Yes, certainly— -I am rude to lioro talked to you all this timo witli my veil down.' Sho throw it bock, and tho boy looked long at tho beautiful face. 'Why, you are like a picture, Mrs. Smith !' ho said. I wonder if I havo evor dreamed about you.' ' How could you dream about mo P she asked. ' I do not know ; all my thoughts are so confused, so vague, so liko dreams. Now that I look at your face, I think I lmvo seen ono liko it once.' ' Whore P sho asked, in sudden fear. 'I cannot toll you where,' ho laughed. I only remombor a background of tress and a fnce liko yours looking sorrowfully at mo. I do not remember it when you smile, but I do when you look serious. Have I evor seen you before Y ' I have never been to Ainoriua,' siio replied, cnvasivoly. ' Then I cannot have seen it. I am so glnd you know me, Mrs, Smith ; it is very dull all oiouo here. Perhaps some day, when you aro not very busy, ynu will take me out— I havo never been out sinco I came.' ' Poor child— poor boy I' she said, tier beautiful eyes growing dim. ' I shall soon bo old enough to go out by myself,' ho told her, proudly. 'You will come to see mo again Y lio added. ' Yes,' sho replied, ' I will come again.' Sho bent hor stately head and kissed tho brow so like her own. Tho boy blushed. ' I do not remember that any ono has evor done that before,' he said. Good bye, Mrs. Smith.' In another minute sho lind left him, standing thinking about her face, and how ho nod come to dieain about it. CHAPTER XLIV. Ladv St. J ust could not forgot hor half- brother. She had fancied ;hat going to seo Oswald would put an end to tho intensity of hor thought about him. It did not. His face novor left her by night or by day. Slio had admired liim very much. Ho was toll for his age, with a fino well- built figure. She was startled too, when sho lookod in tho glass, to SCO how inpcli tier, faco. was liko his. Ho had Valorio's eves and Valerias hair, but not the truo Neslic mouth nnd brow. Sho was of a loving, tender disposition, and the thought of this boy alone in the world, witli no one to visit him, no ono to care for him, desolate and lonely, touched her with keenest pain. ' I took him from motlior, homo, nnd friends,' slio thought. I must make it up to liim— I must do all I can for hint.' But tho consciousness of tho difference botwoon his position as hair of Lancowood and an unknown boy in a boarding- school was great— nnd that was wlint troubled her. Slio silenced tho pleading of her own heart with an iron hand ; she would hear nono of it. It was for tho host— ho would havo ruined Lancowood. Slio had found her first visit to tho school so uncommonly easy that slio called again and again. Slio took Oswald tho crickot-bat ho had longed for ; slio gavo liim pockot-monoy ; slio gratified ovory wisli nnd whim of tho boy. ' You aro very kind to me, Mrs. Smith,' he would say—' what shall I do for you iu return I Is it all for my mother's snkoP 'I havo loarned to liko you for your own,' alio ropliod. Ho noticed that sho always seemed to havo a difficulty with his numo— sho paused slightly before uttering it. 'You do not like my uanio,' lie said to hor one day. , AVlwt makes you say that? sho asked. 'Bocauso you alwavs hesitate before it. If you do not Hko Henry, call mo Harry — the Doctor always calls mo Harry.' Slio know that tier impulse always was to call liim Oswald, but sho could not toll liim so. ' Shall you over toko mo out Y ho askod her ono day. ' Not at present,' sho -replied. ' You shall havo a long holiday, you shall go to tho aco-sido ; but you must wait a while.' Bho had decided Mint ft would not In prudent to toko him out ; sho might moot pooplo who would recognise her, and thon alio would bo askod awkward questions about tho boy, Besides, ho was so fatally liko liersolf sho did not dare to do it. Thoro was no mistaking tho likenoss ; it- could not bo ororlooked. It would never do for atiyono who knew her to seo them togothcr. Auothor thought occurred to hor one <iay.. AVlmt of his future! Had any provision been inailo for it ! Or, whon tho quarter was over, would Doctor loiter send liim away ! In all conseionco and in-all honour she was bound to pro- yido for iiiru ; slio wished to do so. Sho would havo shared hor fartuno witli liiui ; slio would havo given all sho had, all suvo Lancowood. Sho pondered ovor this long and anxiously. Slio had no wish or desire to bo imprudent; porhaps hor sooming im munity from all dangor niado her reckless. She resolved upon sooing Doctor Loster himsolf. Amongst tho number of pooplo whom tho mastor of a largo sohool must seo, ho would hardly remember Mrs. Smith. Doctor Loster had boon rather curium to know who Houry Dorraon's visitor was. In fact tlia pupil himself hod boon a puzslo to tho learned Doctor. Ho had been brought to him n year before by a Mr. Dormun who hud just arrived from America. Mr. Dorniau had made all suitublu inquiries about the school, and had told the Doctor that he was in dolieato health nnd might hi all proba bility go abroad again. Ho hud asked permission to pay for fivo years in ad- vaneo, saying that if ho should bo travelling "it might bu difficult to send the money. He hud also left a small sum of money with the Doctor for the hoy's privuto uho and benefit. ' If,' lie said, ' anything should liappon to mo, and tlia boy shows talent, you can make liim n tutor in your own suliuol first, Doctor. He will light his own way after that.' Tho Doctor lmil asked ono or two questions about tiio boy, and Gorald hod evaded them, and so lie knew nothing either of his friends or his piuentage. Hearing therefore that u vory beautiful lady who had boon a friend of his mother's often came to sco tho boy, bringing him hundsoius prosonts, and showing a great liking for liim, lie felt some littlo curiosity about her. Doctor Loster was a man of science. He was known and valued wherever learning was valued, consequently ho hod hut little timo to upnro. Store than onco Lady St. Just asked to seo him, hut was not able to do so. One morning sho went to Hammer- smith. She had witli her somo books that Oswald had asked for. J ust as she was going away again, Doctor Lester, with another gentleman, entered the College. Ho watched her for a moment, nnd thon lie said to tho man-servant, who was by the door — ' Which of the young gontlomon doos that lady come to seo !' ' Mastor Dorman, sir,' was the reply. ' What a mistake somo of you have made I' ho said, 1 1 was told thut it was a Mrs. Smith who came to seo young Dormun — that is Lady St. Just. I am going to meet tier husband this very day. porumn must bo a poor relation, I should imagine.' Hail Lady St. Just left the school threo minutes later or earlier, slio would havo avoided this meeting, aud perhaps its consequences. As it was, the Doctor thought there was nothing odd in what was going ono. Ho hud always admired young Dorman, ho fancied there was something noblo and refined about him. To find that ho was either a relative or a protege of Lord St. J ust's was a pleasure to hint. Doctor Loster had a great ad miration for Adrian St. Just, he considered liim one of tho wisest states- men nnd cloverest men of tho day. Ho met him very often, and tlioy had a mutual respect for each other. On this day the scientific mooting that ho hurl to attend took place iu one of tho Inrge Westomd halls, and at its closo Lord St. Just complimented the Doctor on tho able speech that he had made. They talked for a few minutes, and thon the Doctor said — 'I am happy to find that I havo a protege of yours, iny lord, in my school ; iio is a clover boy, nnd improves rapidly.' At first Lord St. Just thought thut tho Doctor was speaking in jest, or making somo political reference. ' I do not quito understand,' ho replied politely. ' I say, my lord, that I am pleased to have your young protogo in my school.' ' I am ashamed to say, Doctor,' snid Lord St. Just, laughing, 'that I do not boliovo I have a protogc, in your sense of the word.' 'Evidently a poor relation,' thought the Doctor. ' I thought iio was a protege,' he saiil aloud. ' Perhaps lie is related to you, my lord 1 He will be a clever man some (lay.' 'My dear Doctor,' returned Lord St. Just, 'yuu will think ino very obtuse, but I have not tho faintest idea of what you mean.' ' I ain speaking of young Dorman,' said tho Doctor. ' Dorman,' repeated the poor ; ' why, ho is dead. I attended his funeral some timo since.' ' Ah,' said tho Doctor, ' that would la dder Dorman ; this is tho younger.' ' Thoro is no younger. I havo hoard Lady St. Just say that thoro were two brothers. Ono is a solitary bookworm who has an appointment as librarian on tho Continent somewhere, I quito forget where; tho other died, nnd I attended his funoral.' ' There is certainly a young Dorinan at my school, my lord, a clover young strip- ling, liandsomo too. Lady St. J ust comes frequently to see him.' His lordship looked up quickly. 'What,' ha cried — 'iny wifo, Lady St. Just, calls nt your school, you say I You must bo mistaken.' ' I think not,' ho replied. ' I saw Lady Ttiali lltA 1)aimI CIaaS.i.. 1 I. WW w uow uv vi»v avwjrtvi UWlUby Hllll IIUIH is a faco not easily forgotten.' 'I assure you,' said Lord St Just earnestly, ' that you are quito mistokoii, Doctor. Lady St. Just in Hammorsmitli ! Sho would havo told mo about it. ' I hope to heaven,' thought tho Doctor, ' that I havo dono no harm. Perhaps she wished all this kept secret from her husband ; if so, I havo betrayed her.' UUUUVIIIJ IVVVVUIIVU kV IUV kllUV Lady St. Just, not wishing to bo known, had assumed tho alius of Mrs, Smith. It struck him, now that ho camo to think of it, that all her visits had been rather of a strange secret kind. What mischief had ho done 1 Tho Doctor was at his wits' end. ' I may bo mistaken,' ho replied ; one ought novor to bo too positivo as to identity. I saw the lady only for n moment, but I fanciod that I recognised hor as Lady St. Just.' 'I think not,' said Lord St. Just, a little coldly. 'It is vory unlikely that my wifo would visit your school, or any ono thoro, without tolling ino.' 'It is most likely my mistake,' ullowcd tho Doctor ; but his lordship saw that ho was anxious to lesson the impression of his words, and that annoyod liim still more. ' It is as woll to bo careful,' ho said, 'in making an assertion of that kind;' and tho Doctor saw that ho was coolor than usunl in his manner towards liim. Ho looked at him gravely. J My lord,' ho said, ' I am most- probably quito mistaken. I sco fow ladies, aud am not a good judge of resomblaneos. May I ask a favour from you 1' 'Certainly,' replied Lord St. Just, with Ids usual frauk courtesy. ' You will honour me by so doing.' 1 As I havo most likely mado an absurd mistake, may I request you not to men tion what I have said to Lady St. Just? Tho good-natured peer smiled. 1 What can it mattor,' lie ropliod, ' either ono way or the other 1' 'Still it would obligo mo, my lord,' persisted tho Doctor. ' Then I will proimso— T will not say a word to Lady St. Just. Aiu you satisfied now, Doctor!' ' Yes,' lie replied. ' Her ladyship would perhaps think that I was taking a liberty witli her nanio.' Tlioy pnrtod soon afterwards, both uneasy. Whan lio readied home, tho first thing that tho Doolor did was to mtmtuun young Dorman to his private room. Ho mado all kinds of inquirios about the lady who had visited liim. The hoy assured him that it was Mrs. Smith. ' Did you ovor know a L-uly St J untl' asked tile Doctor. Tho boy laughed. ' I do not think I have ever seen a 'lady' — that is, a lord's wife— in all my life,' lie said. And tho doctor was more puzzled than ever. Tho more he thought of it, the more sure he folt that the beautiful fzco ho had soon was the faco of Lady St Just. ' I only hope,' lie said, 1 that f liuvu mado no mischief. Ono thing is quite certain— hor husband knows nothing of the motivo that brings her hero.' CHAPTER XLV. Lady St. Just was equally puzzled — nut that for ono moment he suspected his licautiful wife of anything underhand, or of concealing anything from liim — Ins faith in her was unbounded— yot ho was puzzled. Had she beon to ilammorsinith or not I If sho had boon, why had she not told him ! Wiiy did she not speak about her visit ! 1 Young Dorman ' — who could it bo ! Not the secretary's soil, for ha had never been married. Why should his wifo go to soo 'young Dorinan' uud not tell him about it 1' Was there any littlo matter of Iter dead friend's thnt sho was keeping secret! That was liko Ids noble Vivien, always ready to liolp ; still it was strungo tlmt slio had not slinrcd it witli liim. Ho thought ho would try lior. Ho was so truo a gentleman that, having given his word to the Doctor not to mention what ho had said, lie would keep it at any cost ; otherwise nothing would have been easier than to go to hor anil put a straight- forward question to hor. lio would try her, nnd sco if she exhibited any con- sciousness when lie mentioned the Doctor's name. During dinner that day, several guests being present, Lord St. Just spoko of the mooting ho had attended. ' Tho best speech,' ho said, ' was made by Doctor Loster of Hammersmith — one ot the cloverest men we Have. Then he was startled, for his wifo's beautiful face turned quito white. She was looking at liim with fear and wonder in her eyes ; he hnd 'iiaver soon such an expression on her faco before. He saw that Iter lips were palo and trembled as slio spoke. Slowly, us from a painful dream, slio scorned to rouse herself, and, turning to the gentleman by Iter side, bogan to talk ; but it was an offort, and ho saw it. Ho saw- too that slio listened if Iio again mentioned tho Doctor's name. He mentioned it purposely, nnd aguin lio saw a spasm of pain pass across tier face. ' There is a mystery,' ho said to liim- self — ' a mystery that lias some pain in it— and my darling is kooping it ull to herself.' He resolved to find it out mid share it witli Iter. Perhaps, lie thought to himself, Gerald Dorniau intrusted some secret to lior about this young relative, and sho thinks that iu honour slio must keep it to herself, He noticed that nil the evening his wifo was unusually thoughtful and abstracted. Mora than onco slio answered at random, not knowing what she said ; and then their visitors had gone sho sat quito still, looking with dicamy eves at the pages of n book which alio did not even prctond to bo reading. Suddenly sho bogiui to talk to him. ' What meeting was that,' slio asked, 'that you attended this morning 1' grad ually leading up to tho nintter sho hud most at heart. 'Who is this Doctor Lcstor I heard you mention Y slio said. ' A gentleman who keeps a school at. Hammersmith,' sho replied. ' Do you know him P sho asked ; and, though sho spoke so quickly, Iio detected tho keon anxiety underlying the low tones. 'Yes, ovory ono in London knows Doctor Lester. lie lectures admirable, aud he has written two or threo valunblo works. Ho is quite a publio character. ono looked relieved, and lie saw it. ' Do you often see liim P slio asked, after a short pause. ' Not very often. AVe moot at lectures and sojrecs. I do not remember to liavo soon him elsowhoro.' Sho took up her book and said no more. But he, watching her, saw that sho did not read — that slio nevor turned a leaf. Ho saw thut sho was so deeply, so completely engrossed in lior own thoughts nine sue nnu torgotton all ulso. Ho believed that slio would havo sat there for 1 lours. What could it all mean t Ho had noticed tiio great change in his wife, her fits of absence of mind, her glooiny abstraction, the brooding thought that soomed to lio like a dark shadow over her. Could it ho possible that tho my- storious visits to Hammorsmitli hnd hod anything to do with tho change in her manner, tho engrossing euro and thought that now characterised hor! If so, what could tlioy ho for! Iio was stortlod. Tlion ho upprouclied himsolf. What could thoro he wrong in this proud, stately wifo of his 1 Ho watohod her for quite half an hour— she novor moved nor spoke. Thon ho went to hor aad took tho book from her hands. ' Adrian !' sho cried, with a sudden start. 'I — I had forgotten you wno hero.' 'That is a poor complimont, Vivien. You hnd forgotten that I was hire — may I ask of 'whom you wore thinking— or of what — that you could forgut mo !' Hor faco flushed crimson under the searching gozo of his oyes. '. Y?u "Pont a groat deal of timo in thinking now,' lie said. 1 Pray toll mo what it is a| about.' Who can dcscribo an unknown worldl' she asked. ' And thought is an unknown world.' It was nn evasive answer, and he left it. Ho raised her face between his hands. 'Let mo look into your eyos, darling, nnd seo if I can toll whutyou aro thinking of,' But lior eyes fell before his, tho whilo lids closed over them, the long dark lashes lay on lior clieoks. ' Why, Vivien, you will not let ino sco 1' Then Iio changed his tono to one of gravo, tender earnestness. ' My darling wife,1 ho said gently, 'is 'there any secret that you arc keeping from nio P lie could tell how the words pierced hor by the shudder passed over her. 1 A secret ;' she cried wildly. 'Why should you suy thutl A secret, Adrian I "What secret linvc I Y ' I cannot tell. Is thore one I Are you keeping anything for me, darling 1 Havo you any secret that you will not share with mol' She seemed to recover herself by a marvellous offort. Slio freed horself from his arms. lie raised her baud to tlia diamond circlet on her hair. 'Sou,' she said, 'you havo spoilt my coiffure— mid it was vory pretty. How yuu have startled mo, Adrian, talking about secrets ; See, too, how Into it is, und you havo tlmt long spccoh to make to-morrow I I insist upon your going to rest.' Lord Si. Just luft his heart sink within liiin. There was n mystery, a secret, and his wife wns keeping it from him. She had tried Iter best, hut slio had not deceived him. Ho said no more, A keon restless pain took possession of liiin. This fair proud woman who ho hud so implicitly trusted— could it bo possible that in any way sho had deceived liim 1 So queenly, so true, so noblo, what secret had she 1 Iio was not jealous. Of nil tho many thoughts that crossed his brain none of them were jealous thoughts. IIo know that he, nnd lie alone, had her whole and entire love, tlmt lie, and lie alone, was loved by her. It was not jealousy that tilled his mind, but a torturing, restless clesiru to know that Ins wife was withholding from liim. He nover for one moment dreamed that tho secret concerned liersolf. The only thing ho cuuld iutngine was that Gerald Dorman had confined something to her, and that something was preying upon har mind. Ho sansidered hor rather ns a victim to it than ono concerned in it, nnd he felt something liko anger towards the poor dead man. What right hnd he to trouhto liis wife's penen of mind with his affairs 1 Ho knew that Vivien had nice ideas of honour. If Gerald Dorman had entrusted anything to her, she would suffer anything rather thnn betray him. ' It is not right,' snid Lord St. Just to himself ; ' iny wife ought not to go about in tlmt kind of fashion. I must persuade licr to tell mo what it is all about ; but I fear she will not. If she had thought it right to tell me, she would havo dono so long ago. I must find matters out far myself — tlion I enn help her.' Honco it was no idea of jealousy, no thought of wrong, no suspicion of the truth, that led Lord St. Just to seek fur the discovery of the mystery ; he did it out of purest kindness for his wife. Knowing iiow careful she wns to keep her word, ho imagined her difficulty to be that alio bad given her promise and did not liko to break it. ' T Iiuve no doubt,' said Lord St. Just to himself, 'that alia will bo greatly relieved if I can help her— and I will do it.' Howl That was tho next question. It seems tlmt the method was easy enough. He had told licr thnt ho know Doctor Lnstcr — wlmt more easy tlum for liim to iniike some excuso for calling at Gravo House I And, if ha happened to call nt tho siuno timo tlmt hia wifo was there, it would simply bo a coincidence. Then lio should know what wns troubling licr, and take all tiio trouble from her. There was not a more honourable man living Mint Lord St. Just. It was bis entire perfect faith iu Ids wife that gave liim this idea about hor. If lie had had the faintest notion that tho secret slio held was her own pcrsouul, private affair, iio would no more have attempted to discover it than ho would have pried into n letter or listen at a door. He did this for her sake, that Iio might tako from licr that which seemed like a burden mid a trouble. (to he continued). 