THE BLUE DIAMOND. By L. T. MEADE, , Author of "The Siren," "The Wooing ol Monica," "The Yellov Dra.Trin'r-room/i "Dr. Bumse/s Patient," "The Voice oi the Oharmer," "Stories from the Diary of a Doctor, &c.;, &c.; [Published by special .arrangement with, th» author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XXV.—(Continued.) As Nancy spoke she pulled off her glov» and showed die dun, old-fasliioned gold ring, with, its tiny garnet in the centre elisteninc on her iintrer. "Well, that don't~lcok up to much,'* said Ca-rdeu*. " 'Taint much in itself, but it means a good deal. It's the beginning of a clue. You follow this ring, Mr. (Jardew, and you'll get the diamond—that's my belief." "What do you mean?" "Well, sir, 1 mean this. Didn't Miss •Lawford say that she .put the diamond in a bandbox on the top of the wardrobe in *' her bedroom? Didn't she say, too, that when she took the bandbox down, on her return from the country, the handkerchief was in the box, -but not the diamond?" "That's true enough," answered' Cardew. "Well, sir, I have just spent a wonder ful night. I owe all that I learnt during the hours of darkness to the absence of. Nadine Olofrson. My mistress was ner vous and I spent the night vitb.her. In the night the poor dear lady began- to cry out—just as my dear Miss Lil sometimes calls out in 'her sleep. She was in a mortal terror and fret about the diamond, and' I stood by her bed and made her tell me all the story. It seems the poor dear ia frightened1 ito death of a big man she-calls a cardinal in St. Petersburg. I fold her she was talking downright nonsense—I m not Nancy. Price if I don't speak out. When .the dropped off to sleep again it occurred to me that now was my time to have a look at the top of the wardrobe for myself; for as I -believe Miss lil did not take the diamond, so surely do I believe that some one else did. I went to Miss Dil's room and I mounted the step-ladder, and1 " "You found—" said Cardew, who was now looking at her with blazing eyes and a face white with excitement. ■This, Mr. Cardew." And Nancy dropped.1 linn a curtsey as she spoke. "In the bandbox?" - "No, sir; but lying on. the plain deal top of the wardrobe. The ring sent out a spark of light, from its 'tiny red stone, and' I snatchedi it-up, and I——" "What did you do?" "Slipped it on my finger, went-backhand! spent the-rest of the night in my mistress's room. In the morning I showed her what 1 had' found. 'What do you think she said?" "Don't keep me in! suspense," said Car dew. : _ : "'She said, trPIm£ is iNadine Oloftson s She lost it and didn't know where-she had put it. She went on to say, 'I am-always scolding Nadine for wearing that ring, far it is too big for her finger, and' she is -al ways dropping it off.' Now, Mr. Cardew, it is but to pnt two and1 two together. Would Nadine's ring be -on the top of the. wardrobe if Nadine figd not been meddlhig with the bandbox I,ask you that, sir? ■ "And I answer No!' " repliedvCardew. "Then you see-we have got itbedag-end-of n clue." "We have, certainly." Cardew hurried his steps. "And I am glad," he continued; "for Mr. Strong is . looking queer, and I don't 'believe anything will keep him back from seeing Miss Lil much longer, and as to poor Miss Lil herself she grows stranger, and that craze in her head seems to get worse every day,, until the wife—yes, Nancy Price, the wife—even believes that she did do it. That bee in her bonnet ia getting to such big proportions _ that we must do something soon to scotch it,..or the poor girl will lose 'her senses." "Let's hurry rip," said Nancy. 'If any body knows' where Nadine is it's Ivan Sternoff, the diamond merchant. Let's go to him at once." ""I'm your man," answered Cardew. "You want someone to help you now. I ought to be at my place in the city, but I'd rather lose it than not stay with you at a critical moment like the present." So the two turned quickly in the direc tion of Sternoff's shop, and in a few min utes they had-entered through r the open door and stood by the counter. The pro prietor of the shop was within. He was well dressed, and looked sprnce and appar ently in the best of spirits. There was no one else in the shop. He glanced from Nancy to Cardew, and then said with a smile— - "My friends of the street corner! And what can I do to. assist you both this morn ing? Do you, sir, want a ring for your sweetheart? 1 have a goodly show in this drawer, most of them secondhand^ and at all prices to meet every purchaser." "We. do not want to see any : of yoar rings," replied Cardew. "This young woman and I have come here to ask you one or two plain questions." "If the questions do not relate to my business I must ask you to call another time," was Sternoff's answer. "But it happens that they do relate to your business; I will therefore take the opportunity of putting them to you at once," said Cardew in a determined voice. "In the first place I wish to know what you ; have done with a boy—Peter Watson, who | was in mv company this day week between 9 and 10 o'clock in the evening. You claimed the boy as your servant and took.him away; with you." : i *'!£ you allude to a red-headed lad about fourteen vears of age, Watson by name, I certainly brought him here, and. had a right to do so," retorted Sternoff."' . I "You have no right to kidnap him, how ever. He has not returned to his mother's home from that date; he must be found im mediately." . "Oh, he is missing, is he, the young rogue?" answered Sternoff, but there oame a twinkle of mingled malice and amusement into his eyes. "Well, sir, I have nothing to do with that. I dismissed the young scoundrel from my employment the next morning. You, sir, hud put notions into (hire head' 'by no means suitable to a mes sage boy, and I was forced' to give him the sack. It is nearly a week since he left me, sir; I know nothing whatever ' about him, nor am' I responsible for his whereabouts." "it is always invidious to doubt the word of a gentleman," said Cardew slowly, "but, of course, Mr. Sternoff, you have_ nn objection to having your premises scflrchGd?" "Not the slightest," answered Sternoff, ."as soon ;is you can produce a warrant To show that you have a right to do so." "That I can quickly Obtain. And! now. for my second question," continued Car dew. "This young woman,* Air. Sternoff, happens to be a servant in the employ ment of Mr. and Mrs. Temple, of 18, Haton square. She is the underdiousemaid. Last night, in' the absence of Mrs. Temple's maid Na-a'me Oloffson, she took her place and looked after her mistress. Nadine went out last night—at what hour, Nancy Price?" "Between eight and nine, answered Nancy glibly. : , „ , „ ''Since them, continued Cardew, she has toot returned. We are under the im presrion that she came here." "I do not receive all stolen, goods," said Sternoff, with the ghost of a smile. "I certainly cannot teE you where Miss Oloff scm is." ... - ., "You can at least say if she visited you last- night?" * Sternoff was silent for a moment, then he said slowly— "I see no Objection to answering you in the affirmative. She did come, in for ja minute or two. She happens to be a very old friend of mine. She left my shop be fore nine o'clock, however, as she was in a hurry-to get home." "And you cam tell us nothing whatever furthei-about her?" 'Nothing; ami as your object here seems to be to insult me I will request you both to leave my shop at once." CaTdew turned and spoke to Nancy. "We can do nothing further here," he said in a low voice, "at least for the-- pre sent." He did not even wait to say good bye to Sternoff, but went immediately into the street, Nancy following him. Thevihad scarcely done so "-before the door of the shop was opened, and a smart-looking boy iu the. dress of a district messenger came in and handed Sternoff a note. He opened it, uttered a hasty exclamation, and then turned to the boy. "T w33 attend, to the' contents, there is no answer," he saidL, and he pushed his ■hand through his thick black hair. The boy, his business over, immediately left the shop, and Sternoff went and shut the door. "God of Abraham, what does this mean?" he-said to himself. "So Nadine, pretty: Na^ dinc,jny*birdling:of whom I was so proudy has come to the end of her resources." Knocked down by-a 'bus as she was going back to Eaton-square last night. Seriously HI, but* wants to see me-In-Guy's Hospital; not expected to recover. Wants to see me' does she? Doubt if she'll get me.- This will camn.hard ani me, and I am bound to think of myself first, NadHreis'the-sort of girl to confess when all is up, and if she confesses it will make things pretty hotffor me'. Ldon'tjmeaa^fo put myself into the 1 ■- ■■■■■ ' " ... » ." 'i for Ivan Sbernoff to leave this inhospitable country. Yes, my pretty 2fadine, I shall go —^snid -with the Bine Diamond.. .Ill .be.off within half an hour. That saspkaonalook ing spy fellow ■who was in jnst now will be back in double quick time to search the house. He will tod Peter Watson down stairs,v and Peter will be in the sort of humor to tell him things which I would ranch rather the detective fellow didn't know. I have just half ah hour to get un der way. Long before the detective can get the warrant the diamond and I wall be off. What a good thing it is thai I keep no other servants, and that I have been pre paring for- this dark hour during the last «rix weeks." Steraoff now went hastily into his back premises. He returned in a very few mo ments so cctopletdy'metamorphosed in ap pearance thai no ordinary person would have recognised- him. He left the shop a momeit later. The people in the street took little or no notice of him-; he was just the Sort of individual who would patronise Ivan SternofFs shop—bent, broken-down, White-haired. He was supposed to 'have sold something there, quite an ordinary thing to do. • The shop door was left open on purpose, and Ivan SternOff, with the Blue Diamond sewn into his waistcoat pocket, had left the premises never mean ing to return. ■» [To be continued from day to day till finished.] 