AN AUSTRALIAN MYSTERY. ; W I shall offer no explanation of what I relate. I have no theories by which to explain the phenomenon, if. such it be. I had theories, but they, one after another, failed to account for -the facts -m tne case, so i suan simpiy reiaie the bare facts as they are, shall vouch for them, produce additional testimony if desired, and leave their explanation to somone more acute or at least bet- ter versea in tne, solving oi mystery than myself. v To begin with : I am not a believer in ghosts, visitations, sorcery, or. any. relic jif barbarism of a , kindred nature, and am not a member of the " Society for Psychical Research." I rented a house in which to spend my vacation. It was simply an . ordin ary little country cottage. There was nothing about it to attract a second notice ; just such a house as one would see in a few hours' ride along any road from Melbourne. ' The only thing that attracted, mc to it was that it was in a rather secluded spot, whereT could take my little family and spend a quiet summer. It stood on a small knoll in what is called the " second bottom," about a mile from the river. The ground was dry and well drained, for only on the rarest occasions did the river floods reach lit. I. mention these particulars thus minutely as possible suggesting some of the theories along which. I sought an explanation. The (house had been empty for some time when I took it When I offered to pay for two months' occupancy in advance, toe landlord would accept only one month, saying that I could pay the other if I concluded to remain. I. laid this queer business method to his gene rosity and gave it no further thought. While we were arranging our few be longings our nearest neighbour's boy stopped to say— " Good-morning," and made toe en quiry—" Bought toe house ?" We explained: to him that we were there only for a short time, and would be pleased to have him call. ." Well," he replied, " perhaps I might come some day, but I ain't much of a hand to be coming round here at night. Think you'll stay two months ?" Wo assured him that we would. "Well, perhaps you will," he re turned, as he trudged off towards home. Several of toe other neighbours look ed mysterious and knowing when they learned that w-e had rented the " Oopic house " for -toe summer. Pretty place, it's true ; but, oh, well " our neighbour boy's father re marked when I met him after we had been safely ensconced for a few days. I saw nothing in this at the time, but' subsequent events made all clear to me. Our sleeping apartments were above; toe rooms were airy and all things poin ted to a pleasant summer outing. One. morning my wife remarked at break fast about resting badly during toe night. I had to confess to the same feeling. We attributed it to our fishing "excursion of the day .before; and thought no more of it. One night, a week or so later, we had retired as usual, but try as I wquld, I could not go to sleep. I tried all of the means with which I was ac quainted to bring on drowsiness. I named alphabetically all of my friends ; I counted up to a hundred slowly, but still sleep forsook me. 1 am naturally a heavy sleeper, but to-night tois blees- ing was off no value. I was restless and nervous. In fact every nerve seemed on end, and was strong to toe highest tension. I felt no pain ; a pain would have been a relief ; it would have cen tralised toe agony. When I laid my ear to tole pillow,' toe lush, lush of my pulse was torture, and when I kept- perfectly still in any position; the very conch would vibrate to my heart beats. I felt if I could scream It would be a relief, but that would/startle the house hold. I heard my wife -turning rest lessly on her couch. "Presently my little child, a boy of three, asked from his cot— " Papa, tan I dit in bed wif you ? I tan't doe to s'eep." I told -him " yes," and he crawled closfa up to me, all of a tremble. I beard my wife turning restlessly again, and' Tasked, " Grace, what could w|e have eaten/for sapper ? I can't go to sleep.4' She replied that she hadn't closedber eyes either, but that our sup- per badbeen toe same as usual. ' All was soion quiet; and I again- tried to woo slumber. I heard toe clock in the room strike eleven; an hoar of agony passed and T heard it. droll out twelve. Its usually mellow sounds grated on my sensitive ears, and the last strekp sounded through toe room like a shout in a cave. One o'clock passed, and only the child had found sleep, but it seemed more the fitful sleep of one in a ferier than toe healthy slumber of a child. The clock had jiist struck -two, when I heard voices in toe yard below. . Recognising /my neighbour's voice, I went down and found him, and his two sons, and one of his labourers. " We just saw that your house was on fifie, and came over to give you any help we could," one of toe boys remarked. " House on fire !" I exclaimed ; " you've made a mistake." "Yes, 'twas," lie persisted ; "all ablaze on the roof." " You must be mistaken," I replied ; " I see no signs of it now." " No." the old gentleman interposed ; " it uJent out just as wo got here ; it always does." " Wha t do you mean ? Do you sup pose I'm daft, to believe such stuff ! Don't you see it's all dark up there ?" I replied, , somewhat warmly, for I thought they were simply passing by and wanted a little fun at my expense. So t went into the house and- closed- the door on them. " All right," the boy returned, " yon'U see." , . I made some excuse to my wife for their call, tumbled into bed, and it was broad daylight when I awoke. We said little about the restlessness of the night but I thought much. We experienced no more difficulty in sleeping, ana i had about forgotten toe occurrence. I was called to toe village one even ing a week or so later, and was detained late into the night. I was cantering homeward shortly after midnight." When I was Romp two miloe frnm linnu with a heavy tract of .timber between me and my house, suddenly the sky above and beyond the woods was il lumined as from a great fire. My horse stopped with a suddenness that all but sent, me over his head. It was with difficulty (that I urged- him forward. I looked again. The fire was in toe direction of my house. I: whipped my horse into a ran. When I plunged into toe timber toe sky be yond was red. In my dread lest it was my house I lashed my horse along regardless of bad road and low-hang ing limbs. When I emerged from the timber within a quarter of a mile of home all was dark. I rode more leisurely, but yet nervously, the little distance that re mained. When I went up to my room I found my wife and little one suffering from the same nervous sleeplessness that we had experienced on the night mentioned before. I did not speak to -her of what I had seen, and, being tired from my ride, we were soon asleep. I said nothing to any of my neighbours for fear they might think I had imbibed a little while at the village. , The second day following I met my neighbour, and he asked— " How did you sleep night before last ?" I looked at him and said— . "Look here, . I want -to talk to you." I told him of my feelings on the night of his call and of my wild night's ride, also of my wife and child's restlessness on the same night. Then the story that he -told me, if I had -been superstitious, would have made me fear to approach the bouse in broad day. " The queer -thing," he continued, " is that those in the house can't see it, but just feel as you have described. You fetdh your traps over and stay with me for a week, and you'll get to see it" On some pretext to satisfy my wife we went to board at our neighbour's. We had been there about a week, and I was occupying a room facing the house on the knoll, which was about a quarter of a mile distant. One night I was awakened: by a .knock on my door. G flnmA Viin«mr tir» . n n/l: vnnMI - rrr\ 4- +A yvmV) OJ.UJ.J.JT Ul/, UUU JUU 14 guu 4V see it," someone said; I opened my eyes. My room was all aglow ! The light streamed in at the windows ! I sprang to the window and beheld tlite roof of -tine house in- a sheet- of flame. Hurrying into my clothes, I ran out and found the family all tip, and watch ing it. " Come on !" I said ; " let's go !" "No use." the old man said; but I had started, and the boys followed. I ran, never -taking my eyes off the house. It was a peculiar flame, re sembling marie the burning of phos phorus than the fire from dry timber. When half-way there I saw the roof fall in. A shower of sparks shot up into the air, and was carried away by the light breeze. As I neared the house the, flames grew brighter. They were now bursting from the windottt of my sleeping room, that was! Tho fire was fierce, but strange to re late the roar made by a fire of such size was absent ! It was doing its das tardly work in awful silence. As I stopped to get iny breath, and look about, all objects shone as -bright i almost as day ! I looked again ! Was I sane or had my reason forsaken me ! 3111 was dark ! I rubbed my . eyes ! There stood too house a silhouette against the sky ! Its outline was per fect. " Boys, let's go back," I . said. " All right, sir ! We're with yon," and they showed their willingness by lead ing toe way. When we reached home I told what I had seen. All of the family, the old gentleman and wife, his two sons, the farm labourer, and my wife had wit nessed the same as I had. It could have been no hallucination on my part Against my wishes my wife had our things moved immediately from the house. We took- up our abode with our neighbour, and I spent the remainder of toe summer outing in a study of that house. I slept in it again and again, and, though I experienced toe same un canny restlessness, yet when I rushed into the yard to catch a glimpse of the flaanes I invariably saw nothing. My wild runs to the house, even though made on a fleet horse, always ended in darkness. I followed: every theory that offered even the slightest possible chance of a solution, but all led to toe sphinx. I learned that it was only during the summer months that- the queer freak of nature, for such I . Relieve It to be, was to be seen. j At toe end of my vacation I gave up the problem as much' a mystery as when I had first witnessed it. On our leaving the country to return to duty in Melbourne i made arrange ments to be informed of any new de parture in the freak, but the informa tion received has added bothing to what I have already related. ; I have simply stated plain, unvarnish ed facts at the possible expense of hav ing, my sanity questioned. I offer no explanation, for I have none. I ain- -ready to bow. to the man who can offer a satisfactory one.— F. W., in "Short Stories." 'j- "That's a funnv thing/'' "What Is?", ( " Miss Passey was an old maid be fore she married, ana now that her husband is dead she lias ' become a young widow." ( ' /" Don't you think my friend is very eloquent A' I haven't decided yet/' answered the girl. " It is veiy hard in these days to make up one'q mind whether a man is eloquent or merely talkative." . ./ . \- He— " I am simple and straight to toe point, and have no liking for sen timentality. - Therefore I come right ont and > ask yon, -Will you be my. wife ?" . t - rl .. -. . She— " I-am not half as simple as you are; but I am equally straight to the point, and thorafore I say— No." 