The Broken Trust OE A Woman s Silence. CHAPTER XI. THE STEANGE P.BSEMBLANCE. BY BEETHA M. CLAY, Authoress of "A Wife's Peril," "Hand Withr.nt a Wedding JBing," &c;, » " It seemed, a vision from the dead— I looked, and looked again, yet Gould not tell." It was the height of the London season, and Madame Silvera, the renowned Italian. prima donna, was about making her debut on the stage of the Royal Italian Opera House. Boxes were all engaged for days beforehand. Critics sharpened their wits: and pencils ; connoisseurs wandered about, unable to,speak or think of anything but the "nightingale of the South," Even fashionable men and women who cultivated inanity as a virtue looked eager and interested; for Madame Silvera was not only the greatest singer and the greatest actress of her day, but she was considered one of the most beautiful of women. Whereover she went people thronged to see her—charmed alike in sight and sound. More than that, she came of a right noble family herself; , there Jiad been princes and statesmen j)f .^her; -iSSHtex~'i.t was 6He3T^n^the annals of history and fame. The season was a brilliant one; the no-' bility of England crowded round their queen; balls, parties, and soirees filled the long spring * evenings. There was a brilliant session in Parliament; measures were being passed that gratified the whole nation. Trade was good. • The evening of Madame Silvera's de-: but arrived. The Opera House was crowded; and one might be pardoned for believing it to be a glimpse of fairyland. One of the ladies most admired that evening was Lady Blanche Damar, who, with the earl, her father, and Sir Alan Aynsley, occupied a box on the lower tier. " Many ? opera ^glasses were levelledat her. Never had she looked more beautiful. She wore a dress of rich purple velvet, made not after the fashion of the day, tout after the mode of a quaint Venetian picture. It was so cut as to show her .ivory shoulders and neck to the greatest advantage. She wore no other ornaments, save a diamond tiara in her dark hair, a diamond necklet and a diamond bracelet shining on her exquisite arm. > A soft white opera cloak was fastened carelessly around her—the white glove®, the lace handkerchief, the gorgeous bouquet, the fan made of costly feathers, every trifling detail"was perfection. No one could quite define the peculiar charm of her face; the features were perfectly formed, the eyes dark, soft and luminous; the brows might have been penciled from their delicate, Tegular arcii, the long, dark lashes, so rarely raised, veiled the tenderness and passion one felt instinctively lingered in the clear depths of her eyes. Perhaps lier mouth was the most noticeable feature in Blanche Damar's face—the upper lip short and arched, a mouth that resembled a pomegranate bad, capable of expressing both sweetness and scorn, passion and contempt; to be-caressed by, such lips might have made a king proud—to be contemned by them would wither ,the .soul of a strong man. Yet,the charm lay in none of these things—it was rather in the wrapt, spiritual, expression. Lady Blanche never practised any coquetries to win the admiration of men. " She knew the charm of her face, and honestly loathed, the beauty for which she had been bought and sold.' Perhaps that indifference to her own attraction, her haughty reception of all admiration, the dreamy ^expression looking always as though her heart were far away—was the ©harm that worked most strongly. Lord Damar was proud of the "admiration his daughter excited. For her sake he had resolved to struggle through one more season, in town. Sir Alan's loan enabled him to pay off his most pressing creditors and to make a good appearance on the stage of fashion. Lady, Blanche attended the Royal Drawing-room; but this was her first appearance during that season on any other scene. Sir " Alan had , been presented on his accession and had been received with' open arms by the sensation loving public." " The Australian bayonet; the man, you know, from the backwoods," lisped elegant ladies, almost toping, for novelty's sake, lie might be slightly savage- The engagement between him and Lady Blanche was not as yet made known. " You must spare me for a short time, papa,' she said proudly, when the «arl suggested speaking of it. " Is it worth while to let everybody know we- are so eager to dazzle this Australian that Ave enchained him at once Jest he should go free? Give me some months longer— there is no fear—he will not forget or prove false to me." And though Lord Damar secretly chafed under her words, he saw the truth of them. It would seem as if they had been m too great a hurry—better perhaps to wait. He had said as much to Sir Alan, who cared little enough about the matter, provided Blanche were his. Everyone saw his' admiration for the beautiful Blanche, he was her shadow. That evening he had. sent her the most costly bouquet money could purchase, and- because- the flowers cairie from. him she laid them negligently down before her and loathed the luscious -perfume. _ ^ ' .Lord rDamai". bad invited Sir Alan to accompany Minself and Blanche to the opera; - but.no one .-seeing the baronet behind the lady's -chair would have imagined him to" be a favourite suitor. True, he looked, longer and oftener at the lady than at tie stage; bat it was rarely that her haughty glance fell upon him. Once he ventured to. raise her bouquet - and made some remark about the flowers. Her eyelids drooped with that scornful expression women use as a, weapon, and he- seemed to shrink into himself—yet he knew that he- had bought her, and what the price was; he knew she would, never love him, yet MHft one day be his. He first act of Irpvatore" was over, leaving the audience enraptured. There was dead silence' some moments after the falling of the curtaih; people had been entranced, and could not at once recover from the spell; then came a round of applause that shook the house, and the beautiful queen of song Tvas recalled to receive the rapturous applause lavished upon ber. Then she withdrew, and the vast audience turned itself to talk and criticise. There were many beautiful faces • *pere that night, but perhaps none SLLPRE striking than that of a young lady r«y plainly dressed, who sat in the pit. fhe was not alone—an elderly lady -was #ith her—yet the girl seemed "apart from everyone «lse; she -was charmed by the music that had only just died ftwav. ; ! Although she was, from her dress and position, evidently "nobody," many admiring glances fell upon her face. It was piquant and uncommon; looking at it carelessly, one would jiofc call it beautiful; but after a time it won its way, and every other face paled before it. The chief features which attracted one were the large dark eyes, with a world of passion and strength buried in them; fair hair of a deep golden hue, and lips scarlet as a young Japonica bud, but tremulous and sensitive. It was a face that gave one the impression of passion in repose; terrible, perhaps, in its_ wrath, grand in its despair, sublime in its intensity; passion that would overleap all barriers, brave death, scorn life, yet at present sleeping. There are such women—dark, grand, magnificent, stormy natures, capable of any extreme of good or bad. Let him who deceives or injures such a one beware! . Esther Bruce—for it was she who listened to Madame Silvera, and forgot all the world besides—was one of them. When the first act -was over, and her companion by no means so fond of music, stood up for a minute to look about her, Esther rose, too, revealing a tall, slender figure, well developed, full of strength and a certain subtle grace all her own. >'. As her eyes wandered listlessly round the Opera House, they fell upon Lady Blanche and lingered there. Esther was given to tjle weaving of romances, and sbe wove one about the beautiful lady, who looked as though her heart were far away. Who was she? Xtes, a£-iSngbGady-nSblest" 'da^t'erstl I here was that in her face that told her she was the "daughter of a hundred earls " Whey did sbe look listless and wearied, when so many glasses were turned to her lovely face? Why did she place her superb bouquet so far from her, as though she hated flowers —she who looked like a queenly flower herself.? Esther lost herself in her romance, when the door of the box opened and Lord Damar returned to his place. She fancied, she held the clue then. This grey-haired old man was doubtless the husband of the beautiful woman who had taken her fancy captive. Ah, well, in the great world such things must be —beauty for gold, love for empty honours, happiness for pomp and splendour, solid gold for shining tinsel. Perhaps this very lady, with the sweet, Southern face, had given up the man wiioi loved her to marry one who could give her jewels and money. Then the door of the opera box opened for a" second time, and another gentleman entered—a tall, dark, handsome man, with a cold, inscrutable face. When she saw him a strange, scared expression came over Esther Bruce's face, a vague dread came into her eyes, as into_ the eyes of one who looks upon something he believes to be supernatural. Slowly the brilliant bloom faded from her face, and the light left her eyes. She placed her, hands upon tjhe back of the seat, as though to support herself.. Suddenly a smile quivered, over her pale lips. "Oh," my love, my love!" said the girl. "Am I still so weak that a chance resemblance chills my heart and robs me of all strength? He is strangely like —strangely like—but my love is dead, and I shall never oven see his grave." CHAPTER XII. HAS THE DEAD BX3EN ? * Madame Silvera sung her sweetest notes. She swayed men's hearts as the wind-bends boughs and leaves. She threw upon each one present a spell that only genius can cast around her, yet never urnce- did Esther Bruce look upon the stage—never once did her eyes wander from the dark face in Lord Damar's box. Of course it was all nonsense; Paul Lynne lay dlead, sleeping, in the far Australian plains; but she loved him so dearly, and there was something in this stranger's face so like him, that looking at him was pleasure mingled with sharpest pain. All-the brilliant present faded from her—the opera house, the brilliant lights, the beautiful women—she was a girl again in her father's house, and Paid Lynne ever at her side. She would have liked, just for once, to have ispoken to the stranger, to have heard his voice, if it was like that of her dead love; then she smiled sadly to -herself. The grave does not give up its dead; those,who fall" asleep know no,waking. ' She .smiled more sadly still as she thought of the contrast between this man and the man she loved. This stranger was a gentleman, whereas Paul Lynne bad, lost his life in hard, ^ laborious toil; the stranger was dressed in style and fashion suitable to his rank. On one finger of his left ,hand shone a diamond ring of inestimable value. He was here in attendance upon one of the most brilliant women m London. - Paul Lynne never wore daimonds, neither was his place among the great and wealthy. How foolish was .she to dream, yet she dreamed on, never taking her eyes from that dark face, heedless of everything going on around her. " I should like to know his name," she thought; "it would be a real pleasure for me to know who it is that resembles Paul Lynne. I should like to see bim again', too. The years fall from me as I look at that face." The curtain fell. Esther saw the beautiful lady rise, as though she were weary. She saw the gentleman whom she had watched so eagerly advance h'astily and offer his arm, which the lady proudly waved from her. She caught the gleam of the jewels, the %sh of the dark eyes, the sheen of the rich dress, as they passed slowly out of the box. "Who is that?" asked Esther to an .old gentleman who sat next her, " the lady ^ust leaving that box." "That/" said the old man, quite proud of her appeal, "is the Lady Blanche Damar, daughter of Lord Damar, the old gentleman with her." "Thank you," said Esther, somewhat ashamed of her abrupt appeal. "Now can you tell me who the young gentleman is—the one just opening the box door for her?" "I am fortunate/' said the old man with a smile, " for I know that gentleman also. He is Sir Alan Aynsley, of Carsdale, just come into possession of a large fortune. He was in the office of my employers this morning." "Thank you," said Esther again, and she repeated over and over to herself the name, Alan Aynsley, yet could not remember how and where she had heard it before. . " I am afraid, Miss Bruce," said her companion, as their cab drove off, "you have not enjoyed yourself. You look more as though you had been looking at ghosts than seeing a splendid opera." " have enjoyed myself in my own way," replied Esther. . " Lady Belmont is very kind," continued "Mrs. - Hope. " It is not every great lady like her vrho would care to remember bow much her nursery governess likes music. You may really think yourself very fortunate to be so kindly thought of. Here we are at Belmont House: you will get out and I will go on nome." Esther, with a start, thanked her kindly; she had been in a deep reverie and had not heard Mrs. Hope's kindly meant conversation. " It is very good of you to go out with me," she said. " I am so passionately fond of music, yet I could not go out alone; and 1 have no relation, no friend in all the wide world. If it were hot for you I should be obliged to spend the long evenings by myself." "I am pleased to be of service to you," said the old lady; "whenever you wish to go anywhere let me know." "I will not fail," said Esther. "Good night; I shall dream, of Madame Silvera." She went rapidly up the broad flight of marble steps that led to the magnificent mansion where Lady Belmont resided. The hall porter, as he opened the door, spoke familiarly to her, and Esther Bruce passed mm with the wounded dignity of an injured queeii. The large house seemed aJmost deserted. True, it was brilliantly lighted; but my Lord and Lady Belmont had gone to a grand ball, and were not expected to return until in the early hours of the morning. The children had retired to their rest and the servants were enjoying themselves in their own quarters. Esther went wearily up the long, broad staircase, past 1 corridor after corridor. Usually; she walked with a ligbt step and a light heart, but to-night she was not herself; the face in the opera box had unnerved her. As she passed "by the suite of rooms set aside f or the us© of the children she went/in to Ipok at them. The little all mischief, and heir to the house of Belmont, had evidently gone to sleep against his will; the rosy arms were still raised in protest, the golden curls tangled with the last struggle with Ms nurse. Esther walked quietly through the nursery. Good, kindly Nurse Heaton sat there, with the last arrival in her stout arms. " Good evening, Miss Bruce," she said, "I hope you have enjoyed yourself!" "Very much," replied the girl with a smile. She reached her own room at last, where Nurse Heaton's thought had prepared everything for her—a small fire, for the evening was chilly, and a nice little supper, comfortably placed on the stand. But Esther Bruce heeded neither. She fastened the door and then sat down, never removing even the cloak from her shoulders—sat down to think and to dream. The strong, passionate heart vibrated yet. The sight of a face so like that of her dead love had set her blood aflame. The dark, lustrious eyes were full of fire; a red flush burned on her cheek. She sat some time, her face resting on her hands, then, paced restlessly up and down the room. "My love! my love!" cried the girl, "why cannot I forget you? Even from the grave 1 you call me to you; dead you haunt me as you did living. I think of you, long for you and forget the arms are cold, the lips silent. I forget the dark valley between us. Ah! why can I not die or cease to suffer? Is it given to other women to love as I love, suffer as I suffer, to lose as I have lost? They smile and dance and sing; they are crowned with flowers^ I with thorns. Why should I be more con-' stant than they? The man I loved was not false; he is dead. Men are false to them, yet they laugh, while I—oh, my God!—my life i® one long sigh and you know it!" < She struck her white hands passionately together; she fell on her knees with a low moan. "Why'cannot I forget?" she cried again. "Woman forget the "children they bear, men the wives who have died on- their hearts, yet I cannot for- get him. v Had I died first and- he had. stood over my grave and called me, I must have heard him. I could not have slept even while his footstep strayed ;in the long grass. Why cannot I forget him? Are old stories true? Free from his body does he see me, hear me, hover round me—torturing me, day and night, with thoughts of him?" Her words died away in passionate weeping. She laid her face down on the ground, trying to stifle the little sobs that would not be checked even as she lay there. There was something grand and terrible in the tragic abandonment of her sorrow. Ordinary women would have comforted themselves, wiped away their tears, stirred the fire, partaken languidly of the little luncheon with resigned little sayings and apt quotations. Esther did none of these things. She lay there until the strength to weep left her and she slept from sheer exhaustion. It was not the first night Esther Bruce had spent in fighting with her sorrow. It was an old story now, yet never grew wearisome. Her grief was as fresh as on the morning when the letter and paper came, telling her Paul Lynne was dead. She was different to others, inasmuch as she "had known so little love and tenderness. Esther Bruce did not remember her mother. Her father was kind and indulgent, but did not understand demonstrations; it never entered his mind to kiss his motherless childi to caress her fair head, as other fathers do. He was proud of her, fond of ,her, keeping her all to> himself: but of tender human love she never knew until Paul Lynne wooed her and asked her to be his wife. All the passionate love of her great, strong heart was lavished on him; not in gentle words and timid looks, but in grand, stormy raptures, tjhat used to frighten while they delighted him. Poor child! She worshipped him, giving every fibre of her heart to him. He was the world to her, the centre of all her thoughts and hopes. Then came the terrible time of their ruin, -when Paul and her father stood dismayed, penniless and without resource. The still more terrible time" of her father's death followed, and, but for Paul, she was left alone in the world., They could not marry, for they had nothing in all the world. Then came the English lady's offer, and Paul urgor] her to accept it, saying be himself meant to go to Australia and work hard there for a few years, and when he had made a home he would come and fetch her to share it. She had worked hard, so hard, to receive approbation from her employers: She studied sometimes the long night through. The lady, Mrs. Henderson, with whom she lived, told her friends what a treasure she had in her young governess, and Lady Belmont, hearing of her merits and wanting a nursery governess, offered her the position. She accepted it gladly, because of the largely increased salary. Esther had saved money; no one but herself knew what economies she had practised, what privations she had- endured, never thinking of , the present, but dreaming, as the little store increased, of the far off home for which she could now take so many comforts. She lived on hopes. People admired her—she never knew it. There were many, men looking at her piquant face and -ripe, scarlet lips, dark eyes and fair hair, who longed to woo and win her. She had no heart, no hopes, thought or wishes save those centered in Paul Lynne. He wrote to her by every mail, and the days the letters came were Esther's gala days. She wore * her prettiest dresses* he^bnghtest rib- | bons on them. She knew Otana from his description. He had told her also of Alan Wayne. _ She peopled the solitudes around him. She believed she knew how the birds sang in the trees and what colour were the flowers that grew near the little hut where he lived. She had never thought of losing him, her love was so great that: the wide ocean rolling between them, the years they must wait, seemed as nothing to her. In her blindness she would have cried out at the idea of death striking down the strong man she loved. Love with her was eternal, and she forgot its object was but mortal. (To be continued.) 