NEWS AND NOTES FOR LADIES. (L'Aunco.) Critics I saw, that others' names efface, .nd fix their own with labour, in the place ; Their own, like others, soh their place resigned, Or disappeared, and left the first behind. -Pore. The ,carlain rose on Friday night last.at the Alexandra Theatre to one of the largest audiences ever assembled in that large building, to see Shakespeare's well-known play, "The Merchant of Venice," from the hands of our popular artists, Mr. Alfred Dampier and Miss Lily Dampier. Miss Lily Dampier as Portia, fulfilled all the most exacting could demand, her lines were recited with elegant modulation, being refined, ladylike, and vivacious, she being especially fine in some of the most difficult passages. The audience was not slow to recognise this young lady's ability. as the applause was spontaneous and enthusiastic. Miss Dampier's dresses were of the handsomest description, as were her jewels, and throughout tihe play, she and the other ]adi's, adhered r strictly to the style worn in Shakespeare's time, and yet not for getting what was most becoming to face and figure. -Mr. Dampier's dramatic exhibition of the character.of shylock, was most powerful anad a finished piece of acting, showing an originality of genius, that lhe was credited with throughout the play. Mr. Alfred IRolfe's Bassanio left nothing to be desired, handsome in dress and physique, he was an able assistant, and with a clear and musical voice, the audience lost nothing of his manly utterances. The humor of the piece was in the acting of Mr. F. C. Appleton as Gratiano; Miss Rose r Dampier made a very fascinating Jessicca, as did Miss Catherine Russell as Nerispa. All the members of the company are to be congrat ulated upon such a successful inter pretation of one of the most finished plays of the great genius Shakespeare. The scenery by "Alta" was very effective, and the Orchestra gave soime very pretty musical selections. The number of intelligent people thalt filled the 'Alexandra Theatre on Friday evening, gave proof of the desire for a renewal of Shakespeare's plays, and that they would be appreciated goes without saying, if only Mr. Dampier could see his way to having a Shakespearian season. If everyone present enjoyed " The Merchant of Venice," on Friday, night a and I may safely say they did, as they gave an earnest of it through their applause, Mr. Dampier might satisfy himself as to the support he and his company would have. Mr. Dampier has in his time "played many parts," and is, perhaps, the most versatile o actor, as well as the most popular, who has ever graced the boards of the Alexandra Tiheatre; and I feel I voice the Melbourne public while writing as I do. At the present time too little is thought of English literature, youths I most"'important braniecl of e'duciiti6ii the literature of our country, hence one constantly hears the remark, " I know nothing of Shakespeare." and at the same time do not feel ashamed to acknowledge this omission in education. To such a man "' The Merchant of Venice" on Friday even ing would prove a lesson not soon for gotten, for of all writers Shakespeare is the poet of nature, and holds up a faithful mirror of manners and of life. See, for instance, the practical lesson the unjust judge can find-in the lines that Portia addressed to Shylock on mnercy, closing thus: "It is an attribute of God himself ; And earthly power doth then show likest God's, When mercy seasons jautice." Very little is known of the life and career of Shakespeare, but Dr. t Johnson gives, in his life of William Shakespeare, some interesting details, which, however, I can only rerur to very) briefly, as my space will not admhit of a lengthened sketch. He was the eldest son of John Shake speare, and was born at Stratfordl upon-Avon, in Warwickshire, on the 23rd day of April, 1564. His father was a dealer in wool, and had been an officer and bailiff of Stratford, when he for some time acted as a justice of the peace. His mother's family name was Arden, of ancient and undoubted gentihty. , At the age of eighteen "the Immortal barn" married Ann Hathaway, the daughter of a sub stantial yeoman in the neighborhood, who was eight years older than himself. His family consisted of two daughters and a son named " Bamnet," Shakespeare's eldest daughter, had only one child, Elizabeth, who was twice married, but died without issue. While Judith, his youngest daughter, left three sons, Shakespeare, Richard, and Th6mas, who all died unmarried, and here the descendants of our poet became extinct. As an actor. Shakes peare is said to have been the Ghost, in his. own 'Hamlet." "I should have been much more pleased" says Mr. Ilowe, in his remarks on the genius and writings of Shakespeare," to have learnetd from certain authority, which was the first play he wroee, and what was tle first essay of a fancy like Shakespeare's." I see by my newspapersjustreceived that it is stated Lord and Lady Hopetoun are opening their beautiful country house in Scotland as a con valescent hotme for sick and sounded soldiers, on their raturn from Africa. ThLey intend to be thlere themselves with their two sons, Lord Hope anad Ilon Charles Melbourne, to help to norse and look after thle invalid'. It is al?o stated that Arundel Castle is to be placed at the disposal of the sick and wounded by the Duke of Norfolk. The Governments. at, home' is . int constant communication with- Miss Florence Nightingale, who, in spite of seventy-nine years, takes a keen interest in Army Hospital work anc its organisation. The dress worn by the Army nurse on duty is a cloak of Navy'cloth, nith a border of scarlet serge and a hood lined with the same colour, Her gowns are in blue serge and blue linen. Eton collars and .cuffs with white capes are worn. The bonnet is round and compact,, with white ribbon strings. 