Journalistic Reminis cences. By Valentine Day. Herbert H. Sp xmer, better known to his intimates as 'Jack,' the Evening News' war correspon dent and artist, wh - died recently at the age of 35, in Bloemfontain Hospital, from enteric fever, leav ing a widow and two children, was a bright, smart, active, well s£t-up fellow and a gojd ornpanio ?, but by no means the saint arid genius UUUllUUUU bliaU lb IB X1UW abbUUlMWtTU in so ue quaiters to paint him. Of his bravery, however, and his de votion to duty there can be no d -ubt. I fi 8t met Jack Spooner about 13 or 14 -earB ago when he was doing a little news collection for the Globe , an evening Protectionist paper then published in the offices afterwards occupied b.y the Star, and at a later date by' the fish-fag of journalism. He had than been in this country a year or two— for a time as ' colonial experience ' on a station and later as roust-abou' with a survey party. Then I think he joined a company which was play ing at the Opera House, ere going on the Globe. Before giving up the ghost, the Globe threw - ff a sturdy sucker in the Sunday Times — even- tually an independent growth under the charge of Edward Eilis as editor and Herbert Ridsiale as manager. Both Londoners, Kids dale and Spooner were very chummy and wherever Bert went Jack in those days was sure to be found, and so Spooner speedily found employment on the Times, The Times by and bye also threw out branches and on one of them sat the Bird, wil:ch for some time was practically edit* d by Spooner and for which he— then beginning to develop h s artistic faculties — did most of the original drawing. Later, say nine years ago, Spooner left the York street office and j lined the l lustratrd Sydney News as artist. When that journal was puffed out he continued in the same employ - doing his bit for the Town and Country Journal and also for the Evening News , until his spirit of adventure tempted him to leave for the seat of war, which he reached even prior to the declaration of hostilities. About ten or eleven years ago, Jack Spooner, then a bachelor, lived the home life of a hermit in a ramshackle three-roomed cottage, which even now stands, I think, on the Waverley Road opposite the barracks. His sole house com panions were a pair of fine fox terriers, and be dearly loved to have a mate up there on Sundays to partake of the rattling good fare and better booze which he joyed to Be* before a friend. I! he could beguile the aforesaid mate into re maining for the night, there was a four- poster in the rickety room up stairs and a capital sofa in the studio, and a shakedown could 1 always bo improvised. Therefore, the fun iu the Ji tie study was often fast and furious. And in those days there were no headaches in the morning but always a tremendous appetite. BeoideB these symposia, I oftbn met Spooner at the Sunday night suppers which wore then an institution at Bertie Ridsdale'a comfortable Double Bay cottage. Then ihere were boa'ing and sail ing recursions down to Parsley Bay or across to Frenchman's — accompanied by swimming and rowing mat hoa and the. consump tion of much bottled beer and tinned foods. And t.ecause of all these memories, my heart goes out across the weary leagues of eea and land to the lonely prave on ? the shadeless African veldt. 