SERMON BY THE KAISER. Call to Battle. "Go Out and Fight With . Amalek" The Nation Summoned to Prayer. BERLIN, August 2. [By, the Berlin Correspondent of "Daily Chronicle."]- On Sunday morning last, as the imperial yacht Hohenzollern lay before Heligoland with the Kaiser and Kai serin on board, a religious service was conducted by His Majesty which made a deep impression on those present. The Kaiser tod: for his test Exodus xvii. 11—"And it came to pass, when Moses held up his Ihamd, that Israel prevailed; and when he let down his liand, Amalek prevailed." It was the seventh sea sermon •which the Kaiser has preached. .Its subject was the ftwrcd duty and sacred power of intercession. His Majesty began—"The grace of • our Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God, and tiie communion of (the Holy Ghost be with ra^lL Amen." He thai read the text. AMAU3KECES IN ASIA. "It fa a striking picture/' began the Imperial preacher, *Svhkb our text paints. Israel is wandering through the wilderness from the Bed Sea to "M"iimh Sinai, but suddenly the heathen, Amnalridtes zneei them in tihe -nay, and will hinder iiteir passage, arid it comes to battle. Joshua leads the young men of Israel in the fight, swords clash, a hot bloody struggle begins in the valley of Bephodim. But whale -the battle rolls to and. fro those, holy men. of €Sod, Moses, Aaron, and Hur, ascend to the summit of tbe hill. They raise their harmls aloft towards heaven. They are praying. Below in tibe valley the battling host, aibove.< <m tbe mountain the praying hesrt—that is the sacred baittle picture of our text.' Who does not to-day understand wftat it says to us? Once again has the heathen, spirit of the Amalekites been raised in distant Asia. With great power, much canning; with destruction, and murder, it will dispute the way .to European trade and European, culture, will dispute the victorious march of Christ&am; customs and Christian faith, and again is heard God's command, 'Choose us out men, and go oat, fight, with Amalek.' ."The hot, sanguinary struggle has begun. Already a number of our brethren are over here "In the fire, many more are travelling to the hostile coasts, and you have seen them the thousands who to the call 'Volunteers to the front! Who will guard the Empire? 1 have assembled themselves to battle with victorious banners. But we who remain at hcene are bound by other sacred duties. Do you not hear God's call which -comes to you—'Ascend to the mountain, raise thy hands aloft towards heaven!' The prayer of the righteous man availeth much, if it is earnest.' There in the distance, the embattled hosts; here at home the hosts of praying people. That is the sacred battle picture of our days. THE SOLDIER'S NEED. "In this-quiet morning hour we are reminded of the sacred duty of intercession, of the sacred power of intercession. It is certainly a moving moment when a ship with young soldiers on board lifts the anchor. Have you not seen the eyes of the soldiers shine? Have you not heard their thousand-voiced hurrah? But when tbe home coasts have vanished, and have been exchanged for the gjlowicg heat of tbe Red Sea or ocean storms, bow easily do freshne& and enthusiasm vanish! A proud moment when, after a prolonged voyage the dear lines of the Gennan forts are seen in the distance, when the black, white, and red flags of the German colony are visible, and brothers in arms stand on. shore jubilant to receive them! But then oome weary marches under a. burning sua, a bivouac at nights in rain. How easy joyousneus and power are crippled. It is a longed-for moment when at last the battle-drum beats for the attack, the trumpets sound for the fight, wfen the command is heard, 'Change the enemy!' But whea amidst the thunder of .cannon and tfye sputtering of shell comrades are falling right and left, and the enemies' batteries will not yidd, how easily the bravest heart may quake In order tbat oar brothers may continue happy out there in meet .bitter necessity, in oirler that tfey may be faithful to their most difficult duties and uninjured in extreme danger, they require (more than munitions and sharp weapons, more than, youtbful courage and burning enthusiasm—they require blessing from on high, and power for victory from above, otherwise they can gain nothing. It is only prayer to which this heavenly world will open. Prayer is the gold«n key to the treasury of our God. He who possesses this key has also the promise—To him who asks it shall be given.' THE "MAILED FIST." "Woe unto us if we remain slothful, sluggish, fillwhile , they -, are engaged in ; their difficult bloody work, if from our place of fecunty we only curiously look on whfle wrestle m battle. That would be Cam's attitude with its horrid 'Am I my : brother's keeper?' Tha\ would be heartlessness their towards lives. Not our brave only shall brothers we mobi- risk- ing lize battalions of troops; we shall also set in motion an army of praying people, to beg and entreat for our brethren that they may be the strong arm to punish the assassins — the mailed fist to strike into the wild chaos. With sword in baud, mav they strike for our most sacred possesions. It is thus "we would accompany them with our-prayers on the stormy seas, on their mar<ies,--aiBidst--ihe- ihundec oLcmnon, in the quiet of hospitals. We -would prav that God the Lord will make them strong and manly at their post, that they fight like bCLOPS undaunted, that they bravely and quietly bear the pain of their wounds, that He may give those who fall in the fire a blessed end and reward of their fidelity —in short, that He may. make heroes of our men, lead those heroes to victory, and then, with laurels on 'their helmets and an order on their breasts, that He mav lead them home to the land of their fathers. • THE POWER OF PRAYER. "Wliut does our text say? 'While Moses held up -his hand, Israel prevailed.' The earnest prayers of a Moses blunted the swords of the enem.v, tbev struck like a wedge into the battle ranks of the enemy, made them waver, and secured the victory for Israel's fluttering banners. If, therefore, Moses' prayers wrought this result, shall our prayers fail? God has never yet revoked a single syllable of His promises, tamest prayer ' can still to-day cast the dragon banner in the dust and plant the banner of the Cross on the walls. Moses does not stand alone with his intercession. Yonder on the heights of Sodom stands Abraham interceding with his God for Lot in the burning city. Shall our prayers not succeed in delivering our fighting comrades from the fire of battle? In Jerusalem the young Christian-community is on its knees praying. Their leader, their father, lies in prison. Their prayers summon the -Angel of God to the prison, and Peter is led forth unharmed. Shall not our prayers have the same power to-day to burst open the doors for the oppressed, for the imprisoned, for the persecuted, and to summon the angels to their side? Yes, the God of old still lives, still reigns, the Holy God who cannot permit the triumph of sin and wickedness, but leads His righteous cause against a wicked people—the Almighty God against whom the strongest walls are as spiders' webs, who can scatter the hughest masses like heaps of sand—the mercful, faithful God : who bears the vve.il and wos of His people in His Father's heart, who hears every sigh, and sympathizes with every grief. Pious prayer opens His Father's hand, and it is filled with blessing; earnest prayer opens His Father's heart, and it is full of love. True continuous prayer brings God down from heaven, and places Him in our midst; and if God be for us; who can be against us? THE COMING FIGHT. "High up in ancient towers hang strange bells; they are rung by no human hand, they hang still and dumb when the sun shines, but when the storm wind comes they swing and ring out, and their loud clanging is heard far below in the valley in every human heart. God has' hung the prayer bell in sunshine and happiness. How often does it hanw there mute? But when storm wind of necessity breaks out it begins to sound. Necessity teaches prayer, just as it does at home. May the earnest days which are upon, us, the war clouds which gather over us, set the prayer bells swinging. Let us pray for our brothers in battle; and that not only in ceremonial hours, but also truly. Just as our fathers every evening in wartime rang the bells, uncovering their heads and praying, 'Abide with us, Lord Jesus Christ, now it is eventide,' so let us every day remember our intercessory prayer. • Moses held up his hands until the sun "went down, 'and! Joshua discomfited Amalek with the edge of his sword.' Our fight will not be finished in one day, but let not ouv- liands grow weary or sink until victory is secured. Let our prayers be as a wall of fire round the camp of our brethren. And how will this thou^it strengthen, encourage, and inspirit them, that thousands—ay, millions!—at hope bear them on praying hearts. The King of all Kings summons volunteers to the front. Who will offer prayer for the Empire? If it only could be here as it once was, The King called and all came'—'He is a man who can pray.' History will some time describe the battles of these days, but man only sees what is before his eyes; he can only say what the wisdom of leaders, the courage of troops, the sharpness of weapons has done. But eternity will reveal more, eternity will show that the,secret prayers of righteous men were a 'great power' in these struggles, will reveal the fulfilment of the old promise, 'Call upon Me in trouble, and 1 will deliver thee.' Therefore pray continuously.' The Kaiser then offered an impassioned prayer, concluding -with the Lord's Prayer and the Benediction. 