Wesleyan District Convention. The first session of the Century Conven tion was held yesterday in the William street Wosloyan Ghuroh, commencing at 8 o'olook. Tho Chairman of the District (Rev. J. Spence), presided, and there were present: Revs. T. B. Holmes, Bathurst ; 0. Jones, Orange ; T. Parker, Blaynoy ; M. Soott Fletohor, B.A., Oberon ; J. Thomas, Sunny Corner ; Henry E. Andrews, Coonamble ; F. J. Ourwood, Ldfchgow ; G. T. Percival Spring Hill; 0. Duffill, Oobar. Other ministers of the distriot — Revs. J. H. Lewin, Mudgee; W. T. Wright, Rylstone ; W. Stewart, Dubbo ; L. H. Kolynaok, B.A., Forbes ; and B. Lane, Parkes, are expooted to-day. Aftor singing and prayer oonducted by the Rev, G. 0. Percival, Spring Hill, tho obair man observed that his presiding that after noon meant littlo more than announcing the events of the session, booauso ho knew that if the Convention was to be a blessing both to them and to the church, they must not weary the peoplo with long meetings. As one of the ministers of Bath urst, however, he would like in a few words to extend a very hearty welcome to the Rev. R. Bavin (the Organising Soore tary], Rev. W. W. Butlodge, and tho other ministers and visitors from tho distriot, and hoped that at a later time thoy would have the opportunity of taking tho Sacrament of the Lord's Supper together and thus recon seorating themselves afresh to God and his Ohuroh. The subjeot of that afternoon's consideration as they would soe from tho businoss-paper was ' a personal consecration to God the Great Seoret of Ohuroh Life and Suoooss.' At the very commencement of their Convention they wished to omphasizo the faot that nothing in tho ohurohes' pro gress could take the plaae of personal piety. They might seoure the very best organi zation, develop the very largest liberality ? build the finest churches in the world and fill their pulpits with the most learned and eloquent men, but all would fail to seoure the churches' real suooess and glory if there was not a peraonal devotion of the heart and lip to God. They must never forget that the true glory of the Redeemer's Kingdom on. earth was not so muoh in bricks and mortar and eoolesiastioal organisation as in the power of a personal piety. The first speaker was the Rev. T. Parker, Blayney, who in a chaste ana spiritual address followed on the same theme. ?;' A hymn was then sung, and Rev. Q,J Jones, of Orange, led the congregation in prayer. The Rev. B. Bavin was. the next speaker,' who, dwelling on Romans, 12th ohapter and', first verse, urged the people in an earnest, faithful and effeotive manner, to an im-» mediate consecration of heart and lifo to God. The meeting olosed in the usual manner at a quarter past four. At the evening meeting there was a good attendance, and a deeply religious feeling pervaded the audience. The Chairman (Rev. R. Bavin) oonduofced the devotional part of the proceedings, several of the ministers engaging in prayer. Rev 0. Jones, of Orange, delivered a force ful and telling address on ' A Faithful and Earnest Ohuroh, the Hope of the Twentieth Century,' dwelling particularly on the neoes Bity of those who compose tho Ohuroh being filled with the Holy Ghost, and using all means to keep ' the fire ever burning on the altar ' of their hearts. Rev W. W. Rutledge, of Sydney, followed with a powerful and timely speech on the same topic. The successes of the Churoh^of first century wore due, ho said, to tho earnest and faithful preaohing of Christ and tho doc trine of Christ. Tho message of the Ohuroh of the 20th century must be the message of the first century : 'Be it known unto you that through this man is preaohed tho for giveness of sin,' Christ commissioned his disoiples to bo His witnossos'everywhero. He left no memorial behind Him in tho shape of pyramids or Jmonuments as did the 'anoient kings and great men to record their memory — nothing but the feeling, the impression that He made upon tho hearts and minds of His disoiples. Whatever impressions were to be made upon the world must come from them, 'Ye are my witnesses.'1 We know how in the first century thoy carried this out. They published far and wide the teaohing of Christ and by their preaching of Jesus and Him oruoified 'they turned the world upside down.' The magnificent march of these few mon was not due to their eloquence or learning, but to tho power of tho Holy Ghost given at Pentecost. The faithful Ohuroh of Christ is tho most powerfully endowod institution on the earth, and just in proportion as the Church of the twontioth oentury follows out the dootrino of Christ will she; suooeed. A faithful and earnest Ohuroh will always realise its responsibility. Why does the Churoh often fail to-day? 'Because of look of power. Why lack of power ? Booause lock of prayer. A faithful and earnest Ohuroh is absolutely essential to national greatness and prosperity. The State with out Christ lack moral strength. Whero aro the great empires of the past, they are gone; perished for look of moral character, and if our Empire goes it will be from, the same cause. Tho State owea muoh to the Ohuroh of Christ, ' Tho socrot of Eng land's greatness is the Biblo.' It is the duty of the ohuroh to sock to make the 'crooked things straight and the rough places plain' by improving the hearts of the individual. The ohuroh of tho 20th oentury may seek to oarry out the Master's work in the Master's way. Suoh a ohuroh is the only hope for society. More and more must the ohuroh present and enforce a praotical Christianity, caring for the bodies as well as tho souls of men presenting a hostile front against all evil and interesting herself in all that makes for human happiness and well-being both for time and otornity. Tho abovo is a very, imporfeot outlino of an eminently praotioa) address. Tho con vention is to be continued this afternoon and ovoning. 