Dedication of St. Mary's Cathedral. AN IMPOSING CEREMONY. A GALAXY OF PRELATES. Proceedings in connection with the dedication of St. Mary's Cathedral, Syd ney, the Mother- Church of Australasia, began on Thursday morning by a Triduum in the new edifice, which is a centre of joy to colonial Catholics by reason of the hallowed memories which surround it. The cathedral is built throughout of the finest Pyrmont stone—peculiarly soft in "tone," yet warm, bright, and attrac tive. In this respect St. Mary's is im mensely superior to St. Patrick's in Mel bourne, with its cold and unromantic bluestone. Not a bit of the ornamental exterior work of St. Mai-y's is lost or ob scured. Given a fine day, every detail, even of the tower finials, shows out with the clearness of a fine steel engraving. In the decorative work over the main entrance near the presbytery one quickly distinguishes the portraits in stone of Leo XIII. and Cardinal Moran. The foundations of the building are of a most substantial character, being of solid ashlar masonry throughout, and in all instances on the solid rock, the aver age depth being about twenty feet from the surface of the ground. The quan tity of stone used in. the expensive foun dation work alone was upwards of 120,000 cubic feet. The cathedral, as stated, was com menced in 1866, from the designs of Mr. Wardell. The plan included, besides the cathedral and its attendant sacristies and out-buildings, a spacious residence for the Archbishop and the cathedral clergy. The design for the Cathedral is cruciform in its general plan, and comprises nave and aisles, transepts and aisles, and choir or sanctuary with aisles, two towera and spires. at the Wooloomooloo-street end, each 260 ft. high, and a central tower at the intersection of the nave and tran septs. The architectural character of the building is of the geometrical decorated period of pointed architecture, and the clear internal length, when completed ac cording to the design, will be 350 ft., and will extend for the whole frontage on College-street from-St. Mary's-road to Wooloomooloo-street, and will occupy, as a matter of course, the ground upon which the remains of the old Cathedral and St. Mary's school hall now stand. The internal width across nave and aisles is 74 feet, and the internal length of the transepts is 118 feet, and their width, in eluding their aisles, 74 feet. The main roofs of the building are 100 feet in height, to the ridge, and are constructed of open timber work, except the roof of the nave of choir and sanctuary, which is groined in wood as at the cathedral of York in England. All the roofs of the aisles throughout are groined in stone. At 10 o'clock Dr. Grimes, Bishop of Christchurcli, celebrated Pontifical High Mass, His Eminence Cardinal Moran pre* siding, and all the visiting prelates and clergy being within the sanctuary. The scene, which was at once grand and solemn, was witnessed by an overflowing congregation, hundreds of whom had journeyed from the various colonies to be present. The sermon was preached by the Very Rev. Father O'Farrell, Superior of the Redemptorist Order. Adelaide congregations are familiar with Father O'FarreH's superior eloquence, and on. this occasion the very rev. preacher excelled himself. His text was, "Behold, hence forth all generations shall call me blessed."—St. Luke i., 48. He said: The solemn Triduum which begins to-day is intended to prepare us for the great function of Sunday next, when his Emi nence the Cardinal-Archbishop, sur rounded by his venerable brethren of the Australasian Episcopate, will bless this magnificent temple, and offer it to God by the hands and in honor of Most Holy Mary, the Help of Christians. It is a birthday gift to the Queen of Heaven from the Chief Pastor, the clergy, and the faithful of the Archdiocese of Syd ney. Perhaps I should rather say it is the thanksgiving offering of the Bishops. Priests, and Catholic people of Australia, who recognise St. Mary's as the Mother Church of this new land—Che fountain of Australian Catholicity. On such an oc casion great, nay, extraordinary graces may be hoped for from the bounty of Him to Whom the offering is made. But as through Mary God deigned to give us Jesus, so through her we shall receive those graces which the merits of her Divine Son give us the right to ask and hope for. Therefore, when His Emi nence did me the honor of asking me to preach on this occasion—an honor I could sincerely wish had fallen into abler and more worthy hands—I thought I could not do better than attempt to lead you this morning to the feet of Our Dear Lady, and strive to reanimate your Catholic devotion to the ever-glorious Mother of God. He spoke impressively upon the devo tion shown to the Blessed Virgin during the first five centuries, and during the middle ages, and dwelt in eloquent terms upon the reasonableness of devotion to Mary, and prayed that her great virtues t>f humility, purity, and charity might be the virtues of her children in Australia, and that her sweet name, together with the name of Jesus, should be often and confidently invoked during life, and be the last sound upon our dying lips. Nominally, the service on Sunday was in dedication of the Cathedral, but, as a matter of fact, that solemn ceremony had been performed on the previous morning, immediately before High Mass, by his Eminence the Cardinal, wTho blessed the building in the presence of all the visit ing prelates and priests, and a large con gregation. It was the third day of the Triduum. Long before the service began the Ca thedral was filled. The seats in the nave had been reserved at £ 1 each; other seats, unreserved, were charged for at 10/ and 5/ each, according to their position. In College-street, opposite the en trance, so large a crowd of sight-seers had collected that it was only with diffi culty that the posse of police on duty managed to keep the carriage-way clear. At a few minutes to 11 o'clock the great ecclesiastical procession, headed by the Cardinal, emerged from the presby tery, and marched to the sanctuary, where they were seated. In the proces sion were the eight knights of the Church —Messrs. John Hughes. T. Dalton, J. T. Toohey, T. M. Slattery, M's.L.C., Dr. Donovan, Mr. James Dalton, Dr. A. L. Kenny (Melbourne), and Mr. Coghlan (Ballarat)—and over 200 priests in full robes. At 11 o'clock the Cardinal, attended by the knights, left the sanctuary to re ceive the gubernatorial party, which in eluded their Excellencies Lord Beau champ and Lord Lamington (Governor of Queensland) and the Hon. R. LeHunte (Lieutenant-Governor of New Guinea), with their respective suites, and all in uniform. Attended by the Cardinal, the three Governors proceeded to the sanctu ary, and were seated in the epistle aisle. Amongst those seated in the nave were the Chief Justice (Sir F." M. Darley), Mr. F. B. Suttor, M.L.C. (Vice-President Exe cutive Council), Mr. John See, M.P. (Co lonial Secretary). Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan, M.P. (Minister for Works), representing the Government; Mr. G. H. Reid, J. Ashton, J. Spruson, D. O'Connor, M.'sP. Mr. Critchett Walker, Messrs. Fehon and Kirkcaldie (Railway Commissioners), Major-General French and staff, Colonel Lassetter, Colonel Waddell, the Consuls for Denmark and Spain, and Mr. W. Gray, M.L.C. (representing the Govern ment of Queensland). The celebrant of the Mass was Dr. Dwyer, Coadjutor Bishop of Maitland, and the Cardinal presided at the throne. The prelates seated in the sanctuary were the Archbishops of Melbourne, Wel lington (N.Z.), and Adelaide, Bishops of Maitland, Bathurst, Goulburn, Wilcannia, Ballarat, Christchurcli, Rockhainpton, and the Coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst. ' The choir, whose great characteristic was power, energy, and heartiness, num bered some 200 voices, the ordinary choir being augmented by representatives from every city and susburban church of the communion. Under the baton of Mr. Delany, the choir sung Mozart's 12th Mass, arid'displayed a good tone, careful observance of "les nuances," and gener ally attained a high and impressive stan dard throughout the work. In this ex cellent result ah orchestra of 24 strings and wood-wind, led by Mr. S. White, co operated, whilst Mr. H. Dawkins pre sided at the organ. The Sermon. The preacher was the Archbishop of Wellington (N.Z.), Dr. Redwood, who, it is interesting to note, also preached the sermon at the opening ceremony of the present cathedral in 1882. He selected as his text St. Luke, i., 32-3, "He shall reign in the house of Jacob for ever, and of his kingdom there shall be no end." In the course of a long and learned discourse, the eloquent preacher said:—We are here assembled in thousands to hold a grand celebration, and to inaugurate a great event of eccle siastical history—great in the memories of the past, great in the bright hopes of the future—the first Australian Catholic Congress. For many years, and under three successive Archbishops, conspicu ous for their zeal, ability, and success, you Catholics of Sydney, emulating the piety of your forefathers in those ages of faith which created the noblest religious edifices, grey with venerable age, in the old world, set yourselves the noble task of perpetuating in this fair Austral land the glorious traditions of the past. This beautiful Cathedral now sufficiently com pleted to make us envy the eyes that will see it in its finished magnificence; this structure is grand in design, so solid, so majestic, and so rich in every architectural grace and detail, is your gift to the Almighty, worthy of your tra ditional faith and devotion. It is the triumph of your faith and generosity. It will stand on its commanding site a prin cipal monument of your queenly capital: a splendid landmark to be hailed with joy by the pilgrim from distant shores as he sails up your incomparable harbor, and its second solemn opening to day is felicitously coincident with the first Catholic Congress celebrated under the Southern Cross. We are met to gether to solemnly return thanks to God for all His blessings bestowed upon His Church at large, and upon this country in particular during the nineteenth cen tury about to close, and to invoke His benediction and favor upon the twentieth century about to open. From time to time in the course of human destinies occur greater and more striking events in which the past and the future are, as it were, summed up, and which, though intrinsically great, are tokens and repre sentatives of greater things than them selves. Such is the purport of our present celebration; it witnesses that much has been done; it predicts that much and more is to follow; it is the recognition of the zeal of past successes, and an instrument of their consolidation and increase. Well, then, may we re joice on this day, and most happily does it fall within the octave of the Feast of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary —for to whom, under God, are our ac knowledgments more truly due, and our expectations more securely turned, than to the all holy and ever glorious Mother of God? • The highest manifestation of Divine Power is the creative power. Of course, man has not this sovereign attribute. He cannot create in the strict sense of the word, but he can do what resembles this Divine attribute. He can found; and this power to lay a foundation to build upon it and to complete the structure, is the ray of Divine Power, and in nothing else is "human power so fully manifested. Therefore, the extent of a man's social power is measured by the extent of his social foundations. Men before now have been known to found an intellectual society or school by science, a political society or an empire by mighty a re ligious society or sect by the passions of men. Christ did not found a school by science, nor an empire by might, nor a sect by the passions of men. He founded a religious society or Church by His own Divine Power. He set up a spiritual kingdom to last for ever, in which He reigns supreme as Prophet and King, even to the consum mation of the world, nay, when that Church militant on earth shall have ac complished its Divine mission it shall pass into the Church triumphant in Hea ven under the blissful reign of Christ and His saints for all eternity. This glo rious kingdom, this spiritual world im measurably superior to the material world around us, is the work of His Divine creative power complying for that mighty purpose human instruments, hu manly speaking, entirely inadequate. He did not found a school of science. To a few ignorant fishermen on the shores of Lake Tiberias, He said: "Fol low Me and I will make you fishers of men" (Matt, iv., 19). He said to an ob scui-e Gallilean: "On thee I* will build My Church'' (Matt, xvi., 18). He salS To these strange disciples: "Go and teach all nations. Take no thought now on what to speak." Have we here a learned man, a scholar committing his system to other learned men as did Socrates. Aristotle, or Plato? What is His pulpit? A rock on the mountain top, a bank on Lake Ge nesaretli. a traveller's bench near Jacob's well. What is His favorite audience? The common people, the poor. What is His style of teaching? Most, simple, easily understood by all. Is this human science after the manner of Plato. Des Cartes, Leibnitz? No; but a Divine teaching that has overthrown the ob stacle of heredity, the barrier of rational ists, the division of races, and has tri umphed alike over the past and the future. Neither did Christ found an empire by might. Might is hard, violent, imperi ous, while Jesus was all sweet and calm and meek, all kind and merciful. He, the founder of an immortal society, knew full well that might founds short- lived so cieties, and that all who take the sword shall ultimately perish by the sword. He checked the ill-timed zeal of His disciples who wished to resist. "Put up thy 6word into thy scabbard" (John xviii., 3). "To found a kingdom which shall embrace the world I send you not with mighty armies, not with the thunder of battles and the glare of conflagrations, I send you as sheep in the midst of wolves'' (Matt, x., 7-16). Is this the language of might? Nay, is it not the language of extreme weakness? And yet this Divine weak ness has achieved more than the sword of Romulus, the lance of Attila, or the scimitar of Mahomet. Again, Christ did not found a sect by an appeal to the passions of men. What has not religious fanaticism effected by cleverly pandering to sensual passions? Did Christ flatter the popular instincts? Did He foster the ambition of the Jewish race aspiring to the religious and political sovereignty of the world—a sovereignty Avhich Mahomet was obliged to promise to the Arabian race. Did He flatter the pride of His disciples and give free scope to their worldly and national ambition? No, He said to them: "Of yourselves you are nothing, and can do nothing. Do what I command you, and when you have done so, beat your breasts and say you are unprofitable servants." Did Christ flatter sensual passions? Is the Gospel the law of pleasure^' Nay. Is not the law of the Cross a mere thought,, a look accounted as sinful as an action, a desire of revenge judged worthy of punishment, the indulgence in a self-complacent feel ing able to destroy a whole life of sacri fices and virtues; such is the morality which has drawn the world to the feet of Christ sacrificed. What, then, is the power which, without appeal to science or might, nay, despising tliem all, has nevertheless founded a kingdom unique in the world, has conquered time and space, overcome the barriers of hereditary, nationality, and race, subjugated the past and the future. Verily, it is the same Divine power which made the world out of nothing. But that power is Christ, and. therefore, Christ is God. Christ promised that the gates of Hell should not prevail against the Church; that He would be with her all days, even to the consummation of the world (Matt, xvi., xviii.) Hence her faihng would make void His promises. The gates of Hell would prevail, and Christ would cease to be with her. Moreover, the present state of the Church, after her marvellous career of so many ages, is an incontrovertible argument against the fact of defection. "The Church," says St. Augustine, "will not be conquered nor eradicated, nor will she yield to any temptation or trial until the end of the world." The arguments proving lier indefeetibil hy are equally cogent to establish liei in fallibility. But others also abound 111 the Old and in the New Testament. In the Old Testament Isaias proclaims the joyful flourishing of Christ's Kingdom, and that His Church shall be a holy and secure way. In the New Testament we have the grand Commission given by Christ to the apostles: "Going, therefore, teach all nations, baptizing them m the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to ob serve all things whatsoever I have com manded you, and behold X am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world" (Matt, xxxiii., 19-20). _ I will ask the Father, and He shall give you another Paraclete, that He may abide with you for ever" (John xiv. 16). Aud again, "but the Paraclete, the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in AJV name, He will teach you all things, and bring all things to your mmd whatsoever I have said to you" (Ibid, v., 26). The infallibility is a mighty and awful gift, but necessary to meet and overcome a gigantic evil, the lapse of mankind into error, the total loss of revealed tenth, the extinction of the supernatural in the minds and souls of men. Consider for moment the .number and nature of the Christian dogmas; consider the Catholic ity of the Church; consider the infirmity and malice of men; consider the univer sal solvent truth, man's proud, restless, and perverted intellect; consider mens proclivities to sects and divisions; con sider all this, and you will readily admit the wisdom and necessity of this sPe^ia] Providence and assistance of God called infallibility. Christ is a Priest, and He imparted His priesthood to His Church. Declaring Himself a High Priest according to the Order of Melchisedeck He offered the sac rifice of His body and blood under the ap pearances of bread and wine, and imme diately distributed them to His Apostles, constituting them and their successors His ministers to continue to offer up the same sacrifice unto the consummation of the world, by saying, "Do this in remem brance to Me." The Mass is therefore the continuation of the sacrifice of the Cross; the two sacrifices being substantial ly identic, though in accidentals different. And by this perpetual sacrifice of the Mass, Christ left to His Church the most perfect possible worship, by which the four indispensable duties incumbent on man towards God as our Sovereign, our Benefactor, our Judge, and our supreme Good, are most perfectly discharged, namely, adoration, thanksgiving, propi tiation, and prayer—a worship which re joices the blessed in Heaven, and gives the greatest relief to the souls in Pur gatory—a worship which exists for the threefold purpose of being a sacrament, a food, and a sacrifice. The Church Contrasted with other Denominations. Protestantism in all its branches, from its origin, teems with conflicting sects, ever on the rapid increase. Its main prin ciple, private judgment, the Bible inter preted by private opinion, is the source of variations, divisions, and utter anarchy. "The devil is amongst us/' said Luther, and soon we shall have many religions as heads, and this anarchy is the fountain head and great force of modern infidelity and agnosticism. Look not for sanctity in those separate sects. I speak not of individuals, but of systems. The authors of the Greek schism, Photins in the ninth oentury, and Michael Cerularius in the eleventh, had no motive for their separa tion but blind ambition and lust of power. The leaders and founders of Protestan tism! Luther, Calvin, Livinglius, &c.;, were notorious for their vices. Among the Greek schismatics the clergy are badly trained for their sacred functions, and live in a state of pitiful abjection and contempt; they receive little or no con sideration or respect from the people, and they neither spread nor fulfil the Gospel teaching. Among Protestants the most effectual means of sacrification have dis appeared: abstinence, fasting, mortifica tion, confession, communion, &c.;, &c.; Both the Greek schism and Protestantism have rather obstructed than promoted true civilization. The first has brought despotism upon the East, the second covered Europe with blood and ruins in the sixteenth century, and has ever since been the helper and instrument of the worst foes of Christianity. It de secrated the home, it polluted the nup tial bed, it lowered the dignity of woman hood, it devastated the school, and stop ped the progress of science. In fine, neither Protestants nor Greek schismatics have shown that the action of the Holy Ghost is with them. No examples of heroic virtues, no saints in their ranks at all comparable to the martyrs and mis sionaries of the Catholic Church, and they have never been able to obtain the sanction of a miracle for their work and their doctrines. They have no Catho licity is glaringly evident. The Greek Church is confined to a part of the East, chiefly Greece, Russia, and Turkey, and Protestants are circumscribed within de terminate limits. Lutherans in Germany, Calvinists in Geneva and France, Angli cans in English possessions. All are national and none Catholic. Neither have they Apostolicity. They are separated from the Pope, who is the heir of St. Peter, the chief of the Apos tles; they have a purely human and in no sense an Apostolic origin. Their min isters have no lawful mission, and they canot say that they have been sent by Jesus Christ to teach and baptise all nations. But oh! how different is the true bride of Christ; how beautiful, how pure, how stately and majestic, in her seamless gar ment of unity, her many snowy jewelled vestures of sanctity, her imperial mantle of Catholicity, and her long flowing robe of Apostolicity. How glorious her di vinely guided progress through the che quered course of ages, as she advances through the wide world, leaning on her Beloved, the very God Incarnate, vic torious over a thousand foes, fair as the morn, bright as the sun, terrible as an army in battle array, yet withal gentle, and kind, and meek, like the mercy of God, which she bears, wliile she pours from her maternal lap upon the sons of men, hungering for the bread of truth and grace, benefits innumerable for this world and the next. Behold and admire the various and noble trains of her wor shippers. She presents herself, surround ed with the most splendid throng that ever attended on majesty. Interrogate that crowd innumerable, and hearken to their unanimous answers. Generation* without number, who are you? We are the nations from east to west, from pole to pole; we are united through her in the same faith, and consequently in the same profession, and so we have her as the Holy Catholic Church, the glorious work of the Incarnate God. Nightly shades, who are you? "We are ages, the nine teen centuries which have rolled since Christ walked the earth. "From one to another, with voices which none can silence, we pass our unbroken testimony, and we say, 'We believe in the one Holy Catholic #4postolic Church, the unique work of Christ.' " Illustrious men of every clime under the sun, who are you? We are study, science, gemus; we have watched and prayed, we have paled on books, consulted monuments, exerted the fullest powers of our reason, and we have been compelled by evidence to ack nowledge the triumphant claims of the Holy Catholic Church, the everlasting creation of the God-man. And ye, whose brow the brightest halo encircles, who are you? We are the army of the saints: to her we owe our virtues'/which perfume the stream of time, we hail the Holy Ca tholic Church our mother and our queen. And ye, immense crowds of pale and bleeding, who are you? We are the martyrs. The world sunk us, sense and sin was deaf to our words and blind to our virtues, so we spoke with our blood, and our blood confronts the world with its sublime profession, we believe in the Holy Catholic Church, the mother of heroes and queen of martyrs. On such a day as this, in the presence of such a pageant, we gladly join that exliltant throng of worshippers, and with the na tions, the ages, with genius, sanctity and heroism, we proclaim with all our voice and heart our undying faith in this Holy Catholic Church. Our pride and our joy shall ever be to serve her, to love her, and through her to love and serve Him who made her, and in her lives and reigns as in His own bride and body manifesting His kingdom lvhieh shall have no end. His incomparable creation, the most splendid and irresistible demonstration of His divinity. On such a day, in the presence of such a pageant, they gladly joined the exul tant throng of worshippers, and with the nations, the age; with genius, sanctity, and heroism, proclaimed with all their voice and heart their undying faith in the Catholic Church. Taking a retrospective glance over the closing century, the, preacher alluded to the Church's strug gles, and instanced some of her victories— the emancipation of the Catholics throughout the British Empire, the glorious reign of Pius IX., the re-estab lishment of the heirarchy in England, the Oxford movement, and its harvest of illustrious converts, the mannings, the Newmans, the Fabers; the definition of the Immaculate Conception, and the great spread of devotion towards the Blessed Virgin, Mother of God; the Vati can Council and its proclamation of Papal Infallibility; the triumph of the Church in Germany over State despotism; the wonderful and yet-present Pontificate of Leo XIII., "who stands out like a light house over our storm-beaten age, the am basador of a higher power, the chief teacher, pointing out to a world en shrouded in darkness the luminous path of true progress and civilization." In the coming century the Church would have to stand put against passion, pre judice, and unbelief, but she would con quer. In this country her prospects were bright. This fair Austral land rose be fore their mind's eye a fair queen, crown ed alike with the gifts of Nature and the higher gifts of grace. "Hail Common wealth of Australia, youngest in the family of nations, God speed thee in thy great cause, be vii'tuous, be free, be px*os perous, be eternal!" Concluding, the preacher congratulated fhe Cardinal on the achievemtnt of the great object for which he and his predecessors had worked so hard and so well; he also congratulat ed the clei-gy and the laity on the part they had performed. He hoped that, in God's mercy, the Church would long en joy the leadership of the great Cardinal who now guides its destiny, and that her march would be from victory to victory, until the consummation of the final triumph in the bright realms of eter nal bliss. The Luncheon. At the conclusion of the morning ser vice a luncheon was given by the laity to the visiting pi-elates and clergy. Car dinal Moran ]U'esided, and, in addition to the representatives of the Church pre sent, there were about 350 guests, among whom were several of the leading public men of New South Wales and Queens land. Archbishops Carr and O'Reily, and the Bishop of Maitland addressed the gather ing. The Evening Service. In the evening there was a solemn Pontifical Vespers. The St. Mary's choir hoys sang the Vespers from the sanc tuary. The Archbishop of Melbourne (Dr. Carr) presided. The Bishop of Rockhampton (Dr. Higgins) preached, his address chiefly Concerning the great Catholic cathedrals of the world, special reference, of course, being made to St. Mary's. He also made some feeling references to the late Very Rev. lather Plunkett, C.SS.R., whose death is referred to in another column. The Collection. . As a result of the present organised effort, the total received by the adminis trator up to yesterday afternoon was <£12,500, which includes £1,800 collected at the morning service. The total col lected on behalf of the present contracts since 1897 is given at a little over £32,000. Commencing with a debit balance of about £7,000, the total ex penditure since 1897 has been over £>42,000. The debit balance at the pre sent time is between £17,000 and £18,000. But this sum the Cardinal is confident of receiving before the festi val is over. The Congress. The Congress was formally opened in St. Mary's Hall on Monday morning, there being a very large attendance. The Cardinal occupied two hours in de livering his inaugural address. His Eminence opened by welcoming the arch bishops, bishops, clergy, and laymen to the Congress, and, continuing, said it was desired at the close of the nine teenth centurv to offer their devoted homage to the Divine Redeemer in thanksgiving for the manifold blessings vouchsafed to this fair land in the first century of its birth, and at the same time it was desired, in union with the other churches of Christendom, to offer in a humble way some reparation for the scenes of impiety and irreligious frenzy which in many countrfies of the old world brought the last century to a close. The vitality of the Church throughout the century was seen in the diocesan seminaries which were everywhere multi plied, in the hierarchies that were re stored, as in England, Holland, and Scotland, in the new dioceses that were created, and in the Synods that were held. The number of dioceses through out Christendom at the close of the cen tury was almost double the number that was reckoned at its commencement, and in Prance alone, since the middle of the century, more Synods had been held than throughout all Europe in the three centuries that intervened between the Council of Trent and that date. The speaker then made a long reference to the standing of the different religions and Orders, and gave a definition of the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception. He characterised the Vatican Ecumenical Council as the most remarkable triumph of the Church in the nineteenth cen tury. In conclusion, His Eminence said that the past triumphs of the Church under most adverse circumstances over most powerful enemies were a sure guarantee of the future victories that awaited her. They miglit rest assured that in the coming century, as in the past, her fruitfulness of piety would not grow less, nor would her triumphs be less brilliant over the errors and falla cies that might be marshalled against her. As in the past, so in the future, she would continue to diffuse around her the blessings of her salutary influence in every path of beneficence, charity, and mercy. Cardinal Moran then announced, amid applause, that he had received a letter that morning from the. rector of the Irish College in Rome, conveying the hearty congratulations of His Holiness the Pope at the inauguration of the Congress, and stating that His Holiness was in the best of health, and there was every prospect of his so continuing. The Congress continued its sittings each day at 10 a.m., and discussed the various topics as set forth in the pro gramme which we published in. full last week. On Tuesday a discussion took place on a paper dealing with the ques tion, "What can be done to promote a religious press f during the course of which Mr. S. V. Winter, of Melbourne, expressed the opinion that the aim of a Catholic journal should be to establish and maintain a higher standard than secular journals. Dr. Leo. A. Kenny, of Melbourne, read a paper on "The necessity for Catholic registration." He pointed out the necessity for Catholics to be duly registered for Voting, and sug gested that an organization should be formed to secure this object. It was desirable in the best interests of the State that all persons entitled to the franchise should exercise their right at all elections, and it was equally desir able, in the interests of Catholics, that Catholics should do the same themselves. If the Congress did no more than ititiate a permanent general united Australian Catholic registration organization, then If the Congress did no more than initiate generations of Catholics in this great Commonwealth a continuously increasing tribute of grateful praise. 