SAINT ANTHONY. An Example for the Twen tieth Century. THE ADMIRATION OF CATHOLIC AND PROTESTANT WRITERS. So many Protstants are admirers of the saintly St. Francis of Assisi that everyone will be glad to welcome a sketch of his earliest and most notable disciple, St. Anthony of Padua. Lord Tennyson, in one of his poems has a beautiful re ference to St. Francis, and it is not long since the Eev. Mr. Henderson, of Gumeracha, wrote an excellent sketch in the "Southern Cross" of the same holy character. That gentleman and all sincere Protestants will be glad to learn that another life has recently been published of the patron saint of Padua. "St. Anthony of Padua and the Twentieth Century" is the title of an interesting little volume by Eev. Francis Dent, which has just come from the press of P. J. Kenedy, 5 Barclay-street, New York. It bears the imprimatur of His Grace the Most Eev. Archbishop of New York, and this is a sufficient guarantee of the soundness of its doctrine. In fact, it teems with solid piety and theological principles carefully enunciated. The style is elegant but forcible, and there is not a weak or ob scure passage from beginning to end. The author is full of his subject. He is often poetic, and his enthusiasm seems uncontrollable whenever he speaks of the Church and her glories. The volume is neatly gotten up. The printing, paper, and bindings are good, while a beautiful copy of Murillo's St. Anthony caressing the Divine Babe gives it a handsome ap pearance. St. Anthony of Padua was one of the eiarliest disciples of the Seraphic Pa triarch, Francis of Assisi, and whatever concerns the Franciscan Order should be of interest to the readers of the "Southern Cross." It was founded soon after Eng land's hated misrule began in Ireland, and in every struggle for faith and na tionality the Franciscans have ever been in the front of the battle. The Order gave hosts of martyrs for Ireland's cause, but never a renegade or a traitor. St. Anthony was the first teacher of theology in the Order, and the corner-stone of that school rendered so famous in guidiug the scientific studies of the world. Some of the most illustrious members of that school were Irishmen, and, amone others, we may note Scotus, Luke Wad ding, and the celebrated Four Masters. The scope of the work is to show that a revival of the Franciscan spirit will have a benign influence on the twentieth century; and Pope Leo XIII., in his encyclical of Sept. 17, 1882, says that hraneiscamsm is eminently suited to our times, for he sees a striking resem blance between our age and the period m which the gentle saint of Assisi was providentially called to heal the wounds ot society. The same evils afflict the worr2 to"day> and Ihe same remedies ought to be as efficacious now as then Hence, be says that a revival of the Uranciscan spirit may be safely relied on as a means of solving the social prob lems which engage the minds of states men everywhere. Soon after the publica tion of that encyclical, an increase of de votion to St. Anthony began; and so widespread did it become that the Holy bather called the wonderworker of Padua the saint of the whole world. Father Dent draws the following picture of Eu ropean society when the great saint en tered on his career:— Charity had grown cold, honors and wealth were madly sought, and many had no higher aim than self-gratification and luxury. All power was centred in a few, and it became an instrument of op pression for the wretched and despised masses. The extinction of charity was followed by moral diseases. Envy, jeal ousy, and hatred so filled the minds and hearts of men that, on the slightest pre text, neighboring states rushed into war and fellow citizens butchered each other." He thus speaks of St. Anthony and his methods: "Anthony inherited the spirit of Francis. He was the best exponent of that sublime poverty which the Seraphic Patriarch bequeathed to his children; and, to-day, he is a messenger of faith and love to regenerate society. His poverty was not merely a poverty in name, with all the comforts of plenty. The young Portuguese nobleman, having royal blood in his veins, became abso lutely poor for Christ's sake. After the labors of the day, he had not a habitation ? might call his own. The companion of the poor partook, sparing, of their simple fare; and he received through charity a shelter in their humble homes. To the poor he recommended patience, to the rich he spoke of the obligations of wealth, and to b*otk he extolled the dignity of poverty sanctified in the per son of Our Lord Jesus Christ." He also gives the following picture as the result of the saint's labors:—"Under his guidance, people ceased to run madly after riches, poverty w.as no longer deemed a disgrace, vulgar wealth lost its influence over men's minds," ill gotten goods were freely restored, and property was not held in the heartless grasp of avarice. Grace illumined minds and purified hearts; while religion re stored social harmony. A new era, an era of religious fervor began. The Popes were recognised as the arbiters of na tional disputes. Tyranny disappeared. Liberty received the sanction of law. Dante and his contemporaries found in spiration in Francis. Religion became an incentive to genius, and the Fair Spouse of Jesus Christ rejoiced as the fruitful mother of literature, science, and art." St. Anthony was one of those heroic priests who never tremble in the face of despots. Ezzilino, Viceroy of Frederic II., was one of the tyrants of the age. I' ather Dent thus describes the monster and his beastly conduct:—"People trembled at the very mention of his name. He is known as the murderer of Christians and the Nero of the Middle A gee. A tiger in human form, he let women and children die of hunger in filthy prisons. Eminent citizens were murdered by the hundred, and their bodies were gathered in heaps to he burned in the public squares. Parents and children, friends and brothers, con signed each other to a cruel death in order to win the favor of the tyrant, bat their recompense was a similar fate. Day by day the atrocities went on. The ex ecutioner never wearied in his wort. Even night was rendered hideous by the groans of his victims. The narrative of those brutal deeds reads like a page of poor Ireland's history during the cruel Penal Days. Vicenza, Brescia, and Ve rona weTe given over to the fury of a bloodthirsty soldiery. Padua feared a similar fate. The monster was nearing her gates." As St. Leo of old saved Rome from Attila, the barbarian, so Anthony saved Padua. He went out to meet Ezzilino, and Father Dent thus describes their meeting: "Confiding in the protection of God, Anthony betook himself to Verona; and, knocking at the door of Ezzelino, he was admitted to the presence of the monster. With no set speech, but aban doning himself to the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, he exclaimed: "'Enemy of God, cruel tyrant, beast in thy fury, how long wilt thou continue to shed innocent blood? xhe sword of the Lord hangs over thee, and terrible will be His Judgment!" "The tyrant quailed before the fearless friar, who confessed his iniquity amid tears and sobs; and Padua was saved." 