PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ABKANGEMENT. IMjj A Christmas Eve Adventure. By S. R. CROCKETT, Author of "Joan tho Sword," "The Men of the Moss-Hag?." ''The Gray Man," " The Stickit Minister," "The Shy Widow," &c.;, &c.; . from my own country that when X looked out once more upon the heather at the little way side station of Dornal, on the Port Murdoch line, the width and space about nie, the loneliness of the hills, and the crying of the inuirfowl affected me al most to tears. It was not long, however, be . fore I had other things to think about. I had been long an or phan, and, indeed (to tell the-truth) had not felt much the. worse for it. My father and mother died when I/was a boy at school, and (he uncle who brought me up and put me into his own business in Eng land mast have taken some permanent dis taste to his native country of Galloway. At any rate he never revisited it, nor for that matter encouraged me to do so. Nevertheless, he gave me au excellent edu cation and trained me well to his own pro fession of architect and building contractor, with, the idea that I should succeed him in Higbgate when he should wish to retire to the pretty house he had built for Jxim Sftlf on the shores of one of the most beau tiful of English lakes. Put quite suddenly one morning, when I was twenty-four, my uncle was found dead in his bed, aud I, Hal Grierson, came into immediate possession of a good business and a very considerable sum in money. Among other things in my uncle's sate I fonud a large number of letters, receipts for money, and private memoranda. From these I learned tor the first time that 1 had a relative living of whom I had never y so much as hea:d. My deceased uncle, Walter Arrol, was, of course, my mother's brother, and a man singularly reticent m all things not pertaining to business. Still, it struck me as strange and in a way hu morous that as a young man of twenty-four, I should. come first to the knowledge thai I had a grandfather still living. Yet after many perusals and re-perusals of the letters aud memoranda I could come to no other conclusion. It was now the middle of December, and so lately as the month before, there wa3 a letter dated from tha "Colhaoso of Curly wee." It ran "as follows: "Dear Son, here with I enclose bank-bill for £25. We have had a good back-end and are well. Please acknowledge receipt. Your affectionate father, John Arrol." * I laughed aloud when I came upon the letter. It seemed to me that it was rather late to add a live grandfather to my family connections. Then the " we" puzzled me. Had I an unknown grandmother too—or several unacknowledged uncles? At any rate my curiosity was highly excited. Cut so far as correspondence went I found no clue. My uncle had never en couraged sentiment, and though there were many similar notes, dating at half- yearly intervals for nearly fifteen years back, his "affectionate father" never got beyond the simple aud perspicuous statement that it had beeu a " good" or a " bad" year, that the " lambs were doing fine," or that "tliere were many daiths among the yowes." I discovered, however, that fifteen years be fore, Walter Arrol had bought a little moorland property in Galloway which had then come into the market. He paid what with! my knowedge of Knglish prices seemed to me a ridiculously inadequate price for the five or six thousand acres it was stated to comprise. The title deeds were there, all in due order, and the receipt for taxation, stamps, aud lawyers* charges. There was also the memorandum of a loan of a thousand pouads to " John Arrol, my father, to stock the farm of Curlywee with black-faced sheep," together with notes of payment of interest at four per cent, for the first five years. After that I could trace no further receipts on that account. It was just the day before Christmas that I set out from a -Midland town where I had some business, resolved to find out all that I did not know about my Galloway re latives. I might easily have written in deed, either to " John Arrol" himself, who from his style of correspondence would havo been the very man to give me exact (and concise) information, or to the firm of lawyers in Cairn Edward whose name was upon the deeds and parchments. But, though it.would have ruined me from a business point of view, had it been known in Higbgate, I have always had a romantic strain in my blood, and the little adventure pleased me! I woUld take a .ittle climb, so 1 told myself, into the branches of my family tree. I would go in person to the Cothoose of Curlywee, and make the acquaintance of my grandfather, j 1 wondered if " John Arrol" would turn ; out to be as ignorant of my existence as I had been of his. At any rate he was clearly not a person to waste words or squander his sentiment broadcast. Had I been con tent to prove my title to my uncle's pro perty be would doubtless have* continued to sign himself " John Arrol," to enclose bis half-yearly rent, and to requ:re a receipt therefor to the end of the chapter, with out making the least effort to cultivate my acquaintance. So this was the errand upon which I fcund myself standing in a little wayside station of Dornal.- It was a grim and gray ish winter afternoon, and 1 had occupied myself in speculating as the train slowly struggled up the incline, how long this rough bouldery desolation was to continue, and at what- point it would issue forth upon the level strath and kindly hamlets of men where I had pictured to myself my vener able relative residing in' patriarchal dig nity. . "Can you show me the way to the'vil lage of Curlywee?" 1 said to the station master, who came suddenly out of his office to take my ticket. Ih fact, he made a dash at mc almost like a terrier at a rat. "The what?" he said, sharply, dropping his official manner in his surprise. " The village of Curlywee?" • The stntionmaster laughed a short quick laugh; almost as one would expect the aforesaid terrier to do in- mirthful mood. He turned cboufc on the pivot of one heel. "Rob," he cried sharply, "come ye here!" "I canna come! I'm at the lamps—foul fa* them—the oil tbey hae sent us this time will no burn ony rnair than as mtckle spring water!" , "Cotno here, I teil ye, Rob-^-or I'll ic port ye!" "Report awn*—an* be !" Something that I did not- catch. The stationmastcr did not further attempt to bring bis official dignity to bear upon his recalcitrant subordinate. He tried ano ther tack. "There's a man out here wants to ken the road to the village of Curlvwee 1" And a£. he spoke the little wiry station master glanced quizzically up at me, as much as tos^r, "That will fetch him!" I failed to see the humour—then. ' Immediately I heard a bouncing sound. Heavy feet trampled in the unseen lamp room, a stool was knocked over, and a great, -broad, jovial-faced man came out, still rubbing a J amp globe with a most un clean piece of waste. "The.village of Cutlywec," he inquired, smiling broadly at me, as it were from head to foot. "Did I understand ye to say the village o' Curlywee?" : I nodded brusquely. I was growing vexed. "I never heard tell o't," be continued, slowly, still smiling and shaking his head. " Is there not a conveyance—ran omnibus, or a trap of any kind which 1 can hire to take me there?" I was getting more than a little angry by this time. It seemed past belief that I should hare come so far to be laughed at by a couple of boors iu the middle of a Galloway morass. "Ow, aye, there's a conveyance," said the porter, "a pair oT them!" " Then," said I, tartly, " be good enough to put my bag in one of them, and let me get off!" The big man continued to rub and grin. The stationmaster watched me as a terrier watches a rat-hole, with^-his gray birsc or a head at the side. Then* with the piece of dirty waste in Ids hand "Bob" pointed to my knickerbockered legs and brown leather shoes. " Thae's the only conveyance ve'll get to Curlywee if ye wait a month at the Dor nan" "What," I cried, "is there no road? There surely must be some kind of a high way." . Again the waste rag pointed. It was waved like a banner across the bleak moor ish wilderness upon which the twilight was settling gray. , , "Boad!" he cried, gleefully, "Highway? Aye, there's the hillside—just the plain hill side !" He waved me an introduction to it, like a master of ceremonies. ' • . , "Enough of this!" I said, tartly, "I have come from London—" " So I see by your ticket. It's a fine big place—London!" inteijected the station-] master, with the air of one about to begin; an interesting conversation.- j 44 To see a gentleman in the neighbour-1 hood, of the name of Airol/urlib lives at Curly wee. I would be obliged to yon if | you would point out to me the best and I quickest way of reaching his house!" The two men looked at each other. There was nothing like a broad grin on the bigi man's face now. The stationmuster, also, had lost his alert and amused air, and had become suddenly thoughtful. As neither of the two spoke I added still more sharply,' " Do you know the gentle man . "Or, aye," said Rob; "we ken the man 1" "Well, be jjood enough to put me on the road'to his house!" Rob of the lamp and rag turned slowly, as one of my own cranes turns with a heavy load of stone. His arm pointed out -over the thin bars of shining steel of the railroad track. " Yonder!" he said. "Keep straucht up the gully till ye come to yon nick in the hill. Then turn to the left for three or four mile through the Bead Man's Hol low. Syne ye will come to a water; and if yo can get across, baud up the face of the gairv, and gin ye dinna break your neck by fuain* intil the Dungeon o' Buchan or drouti yoursel* in the Cooran Lane, ve will see the Cothouse o' Curlywee richl afore your uose!" It was.not an appetising description, bnt anything was better than staying there to be laughed at, so I thanked the man, ask ing him to put my bag in the left luggage oBice, mid proffered him a shilling. The big man looked at the coin in my fingers. "What's this for?"' he said. "To pay the ticket for the left luggage,*-* I said, "and the rest for yourself." " So " said he, " I hat catched ye, sirrah.'1 Slowly he shook his head. "There's no sic a thing nearer than Cairn-Edward as a left"luggage office," he*said, "but I'll put the bit bag in the lamp room. It'll be there if ever ye want it again!" "What do you mean?" I cried furiously. "Do you know that I am !" "I mean," said Rob, deliberately, "that ye are like to bac a saft- walk and to need a' your daylicht before ye get to (Jurlywec this nicLt. A guid pair o* legs to ye! Ye will need them I" Upo.* the details of that weary and ter riblo jmraey I need not linger. Though when at first I threw my leg over the wire fencing of the railway and stepped out on the moor, the instinct of the heather seemed to come back to me, I lost my way at least half a dozen times Indeed if the moon had not been shining about half full behind the gray veil of cloud, I must have wandered all night without remedy and most likely frozea to death. My London-made single soled shoes were soon completely sodden, and presently the uppers began to part company with the welt. / I was wet to the waist or above it by falling into deep moss holes, where the black peaty water oozed through the softest of verduous green. I was bruised by constant stumbles over unseen boulders, and scratched as to my hands by slipping on icy rocks. A thou sand times I cursed mvself for leaving my comfortable rooms, which looked over, to Hampstead Heath. I might have been reading a vclnme of "Bob Roy," with my feet one on'each side of the mantelpiece. And—at that very moment my foot plunged through the heather into a deep crevasse between two boulders, and I wrenched my ankle sideways with a stound of pain keen as a. knife. \- By this time I had been sis or seven hours on the moor. I had, to the best of my ability, endeavoured to steer the course set for me by the big-boned genius of the lamp room.. I possessed a little compass at my watch-chain, and my profession bad. made uie accustomed enough to using it. But in the grev uncertain light the glens seemed to turn all the wrong way, and what the "face of the gairy" might .be I had not the least idea. I only knew that at the moment .when I sprained my ankle I had been de sceudmg a hill side as lonely as an African desert and apparently as remote from anj whereas the North Pole. I managed, however, by an effort to get my leg ont of the trap into which I had fallen, and sat down upon a rock, half dazed with the shock. 1 remembered that 1 moaned a little with the pain and started at the sound, not realising that I had been making it myself. When I came round a little I was looking down into a kind of misty valley. The ground appeared to fall away on every .side, and I could see shadowy and ghost-like forms of boulders all $boat roe, some standing erect like'Breron menhirs, pointing stouy fingers into the grey winter sky*; some with noses sharpened took the exact shape of polar bears scenting a prev; as you may see them in the plates of my favourite Arctic explorer. . Gradually it dawned upon ine- there was some sort of a light beneath me in the valley. It seemed most like a red pulsing glow, as if a nearly extinct smithy fire were being blown up with bellows. A sense of ecn ness came over me. I had been educated by my uncle iu a severe school of practi cality. To be a contracting builder in the better-class suburbs of Loudon is destruc tive of romance. But I have the Pictirfh blood in me for all that. Aboriginal terrors prickle In my blood as I pass a graveyard at midnight,*and never when I can hefp it do 1 go under one of my own ladders. But now for the first time in my life I felt a kind of stiffening of the hair of my scalp. But this did not iast long. My foot and ankle recalled me to myself. 1 could not, I thought, be worse off than I was—wet, miserable, hurt. If that light , beneath me betokened a human habitation in the wild, I was saved. If not—well, I was no worse than I had been before. So with a certain amount of confidence I made shift to limp downwards towards the stranga pulsing undulating glow. But though the sweat ran from me like rain, I could only go a few yards at a time. Never theless, the ruddy eye grew ever plainer as I descended, winking slowly and irregular ly, waxing and waning like a fire permit ted to go low and then again replenished. At last I was near enough to see that the light proceeded from beneath a great face of rock which sprang upwards into the sky, so high thai- it faded ghostlike into the milky glow of the mist-choked moonlight. Just then my injured foot jarred painfully, upon a stone which gave beneath its thrust. The loose boulder thundered away down the declivity, and with a cry I sank upon xny hands and knees. "Whtn I came to myself 1 could not speak. Something had been thrust into my mouth, something that gagged and almost choked me. My hands also were tied behind me. The red pulsing glow had vanished, but between me and the faintly- lit gray sky I could see a tall dark figure which moved purposefully about. Presently I found my self dragged to my feet and thrust rudciy forward. I tried to make my captor under stand that! could not .walk; but as I could not speak, I could only do this'by lying down and utterly refusing to proceed. Then my captor drew a lantern from behind a heather bush aud Hashed it upon my face. As he did so I held up my foot and endeavoured by sign to show where and how it was hurt. But I was utterly un prepared for what my captor did next. He tcok me by the arms and laid me over Us shoulders/pulling the plaid which he wore about my body as a kind of supporting belt. Then with alow steady, strides he began to desccud the hill. I suifered agometf lest we should both fall, and my ankle pained me till I nearly wept with sheer agony. At last, with a fling of his foot, my captor threw aside a door, stepped down a short ladder, and I found myself stretched upon some straw. Then a candle was lit, and the flame, sinking to nothing and ris ing again, presently illuminated a little barn half-filled with sheaves and fodder, j Upon a heap of the latter I was lying, with! my head away from the door. " 1 " So/* ikid he who had brought me, " 1 I hne catched re,1 sirrah !'* I saw mv man now—a fall old patriarch with abundant grizzled hair, his face clean shaven and having a fringe of grey beard beneath the chin, flis expression was stern, even fierce, and the eyes, under bushy eye brows that were ttilf raven black, looked out uudimmed by years and unsoftened by pity. It was a raed'seval, almost savage countenance; even so, I thought, might Rob Key himself have looked In his wilder i moments. I had to recur to my»wounded j foot to convince myself that I had left a ; nineteenth century railway station less than ten hours before." Was it possible that this was the reason why my uncle did not visit his Galloway tenants/ And did this one wish to squart a deficiency in his rent by making an end of his landlord? But the old man did not offer to touch me again, not even to release me from my bonds. He simply threw a few empty com sacks over me. removed my gag, picked up the lantern and went out with these words; "Bide ye there, my man, till 1 am ready for you!" But whether he was to dig my grave qr take his supper I could not make out! though the speculation was not without . some elements of interest. At any rate he locked the door behind him, and T was >eft alone in the black blank darkness of the barn. It was -poor enough cheer, and I began to shiver with the cold of the moss- hags in my bones. Whether that exercise helped to loosen the bonds about my wrists 1 know not—perhaps they were hastily tied. At any Tate it was not long before I had my hands loose. Then I coatd take the knotted handkerchief with its short cross-knuckle of bog-oak oat of my month. Bat I could do no more to make myself easy. My foot and ankle were already terribly painful, and the latter, as I could feci with my hand, had swollen oiinosk to double its usual size. After that 1 cannot tell very well what happened for some time. It may seem im possible, bat I think that I slept—at least, certain it is that the night passed somehow, between doziag and shivering. Hot flushrs passed over me, with wafts of that terrible feeling of Mfalling away" which precedes fever. .. When I awoke in the morning, it seemed that-1 saw a young girl sitting opposite to me on the edge of an overturned bushel measure. She had her chin in the hollow of her palm. Yet my head was so whirled about with the trouble which was.on me that I could not he sure, till she rose and came close to me with a pitying look in Ler eyes. Then 1 tried to think of something to say to her which might explain who I was, and how I came thither. 1'or I began to be sure there had. been some mistake. How* ever I could think of nothing but what day it was- So .1 said to her as she approached, in the most commonplace way possible, ** t wish you a merry Christmas." Yet all the time I knew very well that I was making a consummate fool of myself. Tho girl seemed checked at my words. She stopped, and then, touched perhaps by ■ the ridiculous anomaly of my appearance and my commonplace greeting, she i burst into a "ringing peal of laughter. I think I laughed too a little, but I am not sure. When nesfc I came to myself I was being supported upon clouds, or down, or at least by something equally pleasant and soft, whereat I opened my eyes and there was the girl, bending over me and trying to get some hot liquid down my throat out of a loug thin-stemmed glass. As soou as she saw that I.was conscious she said, "A. re you the excise officer from Pert Blary who has been watching my great unslc?" " No,'* said I, " my name is Henry Grier son; I come from London. Where am I?" But she sat up with a face of great horror. 44 Not the exciseman? Why, you are never Hal Griersou—my cousin?" 44 That is my name," I .said, steadied by the situation, 441 came to look for a grand father I never knew I possessed till a week or two ago! His name is John ArroL, and he lives at the Cotliouse of Curlywee!" The girl smiled a little. 44 This is the Cothouse of Curlywee, and . my great-uncle mistook you for a gauger— an exciseman. It is a mercy he did not kill you! But wait! I will bring him. He will be sorry 1" By this time I bad forgotten the pain in my head, and I was noue so eager for the presence of my terrible relative. ** Please wait a'moment. I want to ask your name," I said, looking up at her. 44 My name is Elsa Arrol," she answered frankly, and in a cultivated manner. 44 My father used to live. here during the last years of his life, and when he died I had ; to leave school in Edinburgh and.come to Curly wee to keep house tor my grea t-uncle V' "Then you are ray cousin?" I said, with some eagerness. 44 Yes, a cousin of a sort, not a first cousin!" And even then I was glad somehow of so much kinship. • . 44 Will you shake hands with your new , consin before you go!" I said. "I will do* better," she answered, flut tering down from the edge of the corn-mow^ where she had seated. herself. 44 This is Christmas Day, and the cobwebs on the " roof will serve for mistletoe!" And soft as a snowflakc I was aware of a waft of perfumed air; and something, tiat might have been a butterfly and xniglit have been a pair of lips, alighted to my fore head for a moment. , "There! You will think I am a bold madam, bnt you are il], and deserve a better "greeting than a handshake after what you have gone through." . . Again I was leit alone; bnt not for long. 1 saw the fierce old man again in the door* ■way, his brow still gloomy, although it was lid. longer angry. " This lass tells me you are not the Port ! Alary ganger," he said with a hard accent; /'that you come from London. Is this truel" "It"is," said I briefly. For I thought of the knuckle of bog-oak between my jaws. "Then what might you be,doing on my hill at midnight of a winter's nicht?" "Well," I returned with some poiot, " it is in a way my hill also. At least, if 4it .be a.pnrt of the property of Curlywee, .left me by my uncle, the late Walter Arrol, of Higbgate." "** "IVlm# !»' Yi What!" he cried, a little hoarsely, "ye are never my Annie's boy—wee Hairy .Grierson!:" . "The same HI said, still curtly, for I want ed to see how he would extricate himself. He stood frowning awhile, and stripping the piles from a head of corn. "Ye will not misunderstand me if I confess \- that I am grieved for what has happened," he, said, with a certain stern and manifest dignity of bearing which became.him. "I am sorry, not because ye are now my land lord and I your tenant* and debtor, but .be cause I have made a mistake, and showed but poor hospitality to the wayfaring man!" "Say no more about it," I answered, ..".but give me a. bed to lie down on and a pillow fur my bead, for I am very ill." • The old man lifted me in his arms like; . a .child and-carried me into his own room, where he laid me down. Then with a skill, patience and tenderness I could not have believed possible, he nndressed me and laid rue on his own bed. When this was done he called Klsa, and she brought hot water .-r to bathe my swollen ankle, now in girth well-nigh as'thick as my thigh. He said •\ not a word more about his rough treatment of me, nor did lie mertion his son, my late uncle, nor yet- the quarrel which had separ ated. them in life. All that strange.Christmas Day I was light-headed, and these two gave me brews of a cerUiu^lierb-len, famed in Galloway as a febrifuge/ 1 dozed off to iind myeousin Elsa still unweariedly pouring hot water over my foot, or coming in with a new j poultice of marsbmullow leaves in her bands. | I suppose t must have talked a great deal of nonsense. Indeed, Klsa told me after* waids that I made a great mauy very per sonal remarks upon ber eyes and hair, which made hex* blush for shame before ber great uncle. I found myself somewhat better, however, the next morning, and was able to join in the exercise' of family worship, which my grandfather conducted at great length, reading two or three chapters of names and genealogies.out of the historical books of the Old-Testament, in a loud, harsh voice, as if he had a spite against them. .Then reverently laying the great Bible aside, he stood up to pray. I noticed that as he did so he smoothed his gray badger's brush of hair down on top as if it were a part of the ceremony. When be had finished praying my grand father stood awlule, and then sat down beside me. "Elsa," be said, 44 will you betake your self to tbe^kitchen for a space? I have something to say to this young man that is only for a man and a kinsman to bear." My cousin obediently vanished. I never heard so light a footfall. 44 Now, sir," said the old man, 44 yon have been brought up in another school, and may misunderstand. But I must e'en tnk' the risk of that. Did your uncle give you any religious training?" 44 He never mentioned the subject to mc, sir I said. For my uncle, though a; good man,' had been neither churchgoer nor church lover. . 4; Are you a true Presbyterian then? Or;are ye one of the worshippers of the Scarlet Woman that sltteth upon the Seven Hills?" • 441 have not really thought much about it," 1 replied. "lama Christian—I believe I may say that—though indeed .1 have no claims .'to be thought better-than my neigh bours—IuJecl the contrary !M "Theu," satd.the old man,.frowning, "1 fear ye are ho better than a heathen man aud a publican/' At our parting place I axled her a certain question, which at Jirst she refused to answer directly. But," I cried, " was there not One horn this Christmas Day who was partial to the company of publicans and sinners:" I thought I had him there, but he evaded me. "That is in the New Testament!" he retorted somewhat disparagingly. " You> will not understand, but listen. 1 am an old Cameronian, as mv fathers were before me.** Xo one of us has .ever owned an uo* covenanted King. Arrols not a few have gone to prison and to judgment because we wouldn't bow"the.knee to tyranny in the land and prelacy in the Kirlr. X had nevet paid a King's cess or tax till the law dis trained upon my goods. And I have con tinued to bake u»y bread and brew my drink as my fathers did before me. And who shall say use nav? Not any gaugcr that ever tapped a barrel 1" * • ^ X certainly had do intention of doing so, but all tbe'sanie it seemed a curious thing to have smuggling and illicit distilling thus put, as it were, upon a religious basis. The old mau continued; "Therefore it was that I mistook ye for the spy of the Queen's JZxcise. I had walchecl the puir craitur nosing about the hill-lops for a day or two. I fear I used you somewhat roughly in my haste. For that I usk your pardcu." 1 hastened to assure him that I never bore a grudge. He thrust out his hand at (be word. "Xo more do I," he said; quickly adding, however, ** that'is no after it is satisfied !* It was lira* that I spent my Christmas Hay in the Cothouse of Curlywee. It was three* weeks more before I could leave my chair, and a month before I was able to return south to business. So that it was well my uncle had left competent men in charge. Daring this time, not unnaturally I saw a good deal of my cousin. X thought her every day more charming, as she cer tainly grew more bea'uti/ul. As for my grandfather, he used to lie out upon the brae-face* with a long spy-glass, looking for the " exciseman from Port Maty." Bui that gentleman showed the excellence of hi>i judgment by obstiualely staying away. j When at last I set out over the moor' towards the station, I rode upon a strong riiellie. Kiwi came with me part of the way, to "convoy me off the ground" a* she said. At our parting place I asked her a cer tain (juration, whichat first she'refused to answer directly. Afterwards she stated that she had conscientious scruples about the mar- J 'wage of cousks and other near relative*. ■ However, I am not without the strongest : reasons for hoping that these objections are not insuperable, and that they will be over come by nest Christmas Kvc. Already I have observed tokens of wavering. But in any case wo will not tell my grandfather tili the last moment, for where he will gel a house keeper to dwell alone in the Cothouse of Cuiivweo is more than cither of us can tell. " * Meantime. I aui grateful for ail that my Christmas Kve search for a grandfather has Droitglit me. and still mure for what it promises to bring. 