ARMY TEMPERANCE. FFEFCK BT STB GEORGE WHITE. Sir George White Is a vice-president of the Army Temperance Association. At its annual meeting in London recently he said:— When this association wag first started I very often found that It had to over come some opposition from commanding officers, men; I would say, not of the widest mental range. (Laughter.) . T have heard eloquent words to-day about the system of "treating," which may he described as the pressure put by comrades upon other members of society to drink. 7,, appeal to men In the army who have in barracks and . who know what that pressure -Js. The Army Temperance "room always -vmahles a man to get away from this sort of pressure. It Is a har- LLr!iUee from W sometimes hV? w«ather ote We have had reference to-day title war in South Africa. I know from kTWence, iot of that war alone, but oft that the tendency of a vrai\a u, deplete 3B association like this. re. Terences to men, thirsty \ A covered in dust, naturally 'anting a Tklniiant, anA they have in eome eases fe\e\ and email blame to them. 5 Allusion has also been, to an en forced system ui Leuipersqici that was conducted at a place called tedysmith. (Laughter). Well, ladies aid gentlemen, there was an enforced sort oi temper ance of another sort, and tbit ban jrhh regard to food supplies too. a\AperkJpa (hat garrison may be congia talked on th : absence of liquor. I may Vdl you from personal experience that ilVcrime which I had to deal with mosi t \= was sleeping on sentry. Now ev :" i\ net 7 will understand the danger ot ri\ >ng on suitry when there are a n> v.i of Boers round. It becomes a veiy vi-au- tini's pioceeding even for the- sentry h- m- self. The conditions were very co du el ve to slumber. We did not lik. to stand up on certain occasions ; it Mae pleasanter to lie prone. (Laughter). At sr a day with oniy a black tLrpo alln a a skit ter from a hot sun men naturally fevl sleepy and heavy, and aft'rt v orking very hard at entrenchments o 5mall radons they are done at night. Knowing that it was physical inability more than in dulgence in drink I took upon myv' 1 xciiiiL a vcij pruyjiuui- »<: o » punishment which younger 1 n ; i-.s. - perienced officers were Inclined to sriv- for what is undoubtedly and must al ways be a very grave military c:- me. The report shows that the amount cf money subscribed to your excellent work Is ex traordinarily small. Reference has been made to a fund wLich, I am proud to hear, has reached three millions and a half of shillings already for widows and orphans (Cheers). But there are many widows and orphans made by Intemperance, and there are many women end children who are neither widows nor arphang Who are kept very unhappy during their lifetime from the same cause. I would like to s-e' more given to the cause hi eh we are met here to advocate. (Cheers). Bishop Brindle's description of tftr- Battle of Omdurman was very vivid, but indubitably the most beautiful touch v all was that with which he concluded th< lecture— a lecture given, by the way. ir aid of the Eastbourne nvalescetrt Home for sick and wouaoi ri. soY.Krs from the front. Speaking of the famous memorial service at Khartoum, at which four chaplains— the Anglican, Presby terian, Methodist and Catholic — officia ted, the Bishop said; "At the conclusion I saw the Sirdar with hi? head bowed in his hands, and tears trickling through hi= fingers. For many moments he was si' overcome that he could not even say a word of thanks to those who had assisted in the service." Strong natures are strongly touched to fln issues, Tt Is ne wonder that he who, fact to fac: , sa,\ a sight like this, should, while admitting that his friend is a "man with a mask," resent with warmth the charges of hard ness and coldness brought again.? Mm. As the "Dioptric and Ophthalmometry Review" is the organ of the British Opti cal Association, the following incident narrated In Its pages may have scientific importance: A well-known lady who pos sesses a pet Maltese cat found recentlv that the cat's eyesight began to fail, so she took him to an oculist. ";y means of a picture of a mouse the - in culckly learned what was the mat ' r and was able to fit the eat with ylass":-. The lenses were set in gold frame -, especially made , and now the cat's eyesight is as good as ever. There are many legends shout ghosts at Hampton Court Palace. An artist re cently engaged in sketching there tell- the authorities that he has seen o spectra band of the Illy and jewelled variety, per sistently Intruding In an impertinent and familiar way between him and the tapes try he was copying. Lasi time it ap peared he took a hurried sketch of it, and nf o flfomftnil rTltr nn Hie friPaffwMBi. v. c uiuiuvuu. A A-ejM. CUiJCl . Henry vni. had a Queen named Cathe rine Howard who. escaping from a room in which she had been imprisoned by th' royal orders, was seizi : i by the Gua-d- and thrust baek again into the room Th< hand Is supposed to be hers. Period:: :;!!;.' pshe little tragedy of the re- arrest Is a - ted .pvto" again. The lady is tall and clad b A few ghosts of this ldnd ore 0" Uncommercial valu.-. as they orovtd- .rBjjJaDle copy as well as a pleasant 4hjjrijris feeling. \--''JAh' hour ago I passed Colonel Baien- en's 'cosy' corner on the stoep of hi- ftfiusc- Our commander had finished hi- offirfal despatch, and was warbling musical ditty. He began to warble f£\v hours after we dusted down the ; Boers on that memorable first Saturday. and he has scawelv opuses > since. He whistles like a schoolboy, and - when one hears his notes it Is Impossible 1 not to believe that a» Is well. Tell.it not In Gath," continue, the "Pall Mail" £ war correspondent In jfaihkfng. In a de- ? ligbtfully breezy letter paper, "but ' some of us know that the , llant Colonel | Is also about as good a st ri-dancer as f any that ever brought dowrrbe house,' | and a few favored Individuals who were I Invited to dine with him the othe? even- f Ing still talk: of the many accomp,. ' - I ments with which he kept the sides o: ft' the room a-shake qnd gained appiause that made , the hands "of the applaudeiv feel gpfe next day. He -js a wonderfully i" tireless -man, ever on the alert, ever with I one eye on the enemy and the other | divided between the town. and that night-, , ! mare; the native stadt. Some say thjftv" | he never sleeps, and I half believe thai j statement. — "M.A.P." . j 