A BALLAD OF THE BRBELOKO BLACKS. Through England's fields they hunt tne iox, In Scotland the. deer chase "they; In Ireland they whip the salmon lochs Front the dawn to the dusk of day. And India's sportsmen stick the pig And follow the tiger's • tracks; But where on earth is a sport as hig As bunting the Breelong Blacks? For the. gamest .fox must e'er long he cooked, And the dear lasts a day at most, And the heaviest salmon that ever was hooked Must soon give up the ghost; And the galloping Arab soon heals the boar, ' And the man-eater soon cries. "Pax!" But men must go, as they go to a war, To hunt for the Breelong Blacks. We British are fond of a bit of a blow, And none I'mL a fool would doubt' That in limiting men we are njtnc too slow, And have something to blow about. We've collared Pashas and Mahdis and Chiefs, And Generals and Kings by, packs, And Chinee cut-throats and Uclooch chiefs— ■ But where arc the Breelong Blacks? You need a quarter million of men When a country of Boers you hunt; But ho\v many coppers tire wanted when You've a couple of blac-ks in front? The boys in blue, they're out by mobs And no child but the bush lie whacks; O, it's one of the merriest, ntuddiirigiest jobs, This chasing a couple of blacks. They track them down, and they see thorn plain, They run them from tree to tree; But the Breelong Blacks still proudly, maintain That their land is tile land of the free. The Parliament payctli the Force full well, And the Public payeth the tax, And the "traps"'get a lot of it, so men tell, - But they don't get the Breelong Blacks. Yes, the Estimate's heavy—or, so we're told— But still hang « reward must we Before men's noses—men may see gold, Tnougli Governors they don't see. Though the'Governors see some of them, at least, They see a" lot' of their backs; Still, "of course, the land's very poorly policed— And there are two Breelong Blacks! They fell us that foemeii threaten our shore, That they'll march' to our mountains blue; So let's hope blue mountains are useful more Than men of a similar hue. For at present we're feeling somewhat alarmed, As, though scrub and ridges and tracks Are alive with police and "civilians armed," 'Phev om'i deal with two Breelong Blacks. —Jingling''-Johnny, in the Sydney Daily rele Sraph." 