Mysteries of Crime. In 1880 a woman's body was dis covered in a cellar, under the pavement, of a fine mansion in Harley-street. The butler of the family in cleaning out the: cellar came upon a cask, and within that cask he found the body preserved in quicklime, which had been used, no doubt, with the idea of preserving it, but the opposite result followed. Decomposition had, however, gone too far to make recognition possible, ami there was never the slightest clue to tho identity of the criminal, or of that of the murdered person. The woman had been stabbed to the heart. Nothing whatever was elicited in the house it self. It had boon occupied by the same gentleman, its proprietor, an unimpeacli ably respectable person, for at least twenty years, and lie could throw no light whatever upon the mystery. Even where. a body has been clearly identified, and within a short space of time, tlie solution has not been reached. Let us take some of, the less familiar cases as recorded in tlie criminal his tory of other countries. There was the murder of ' the pretty cigar girl,' as she was called, Mary Rogers, of New York— the foundation, indeed, of Edgar Allen Poe's famous story, ' The Mystery of Marie Itoget,' although he placed tlie scene of the crime in Paris. Mary Rogers left her home one evening for a walk in Hobo ken, on tlie Jersey side of tlie Hudson River, and was never afterwards Seen alive. Some days plater her body was found floating in North Itiver ; she had been strangled by her own lace fichu. By-and-by the traces of a fierce and mortal struggle were found in a neigh bouring wood, and in due course several arrests were made, all of men supposed ?to have been desperately in love with Mary Rogers. Every one was able, however, to establish his innocence, al though one, by named Payn, subse quently committed suicide near where the crime was perpetrated. This mysterious murder agitated the whole of the United States to an extent Presidents Lincoln and Garfield, and no satisfactory clue was ever obtained. Not long ago, at the death of the to bacco merchant who had been Mary Rogers's employer, and who as years passed had become a very wealthy man, certain facts were said to have come out which in a measure implicated him with the crime ; but these do not seem to have been more than a vague story of his being haunted on his deathbed in Paris by the ghost of the murdered girl. Other cases of a similar kind have occurred in the United States. There was the murder of Sarah Cor nell;- who was at first thought to have hanged herself, then said to have been killed by a Methodist minister ; but he was ? acquitted, and the deed, now proved to be one of violence, was al ways a mystery. So was that of the girl fished up from the bottom of Manhattan well, in. the days when New York was a sihall place; but the murderer who had first stran gled, then thrown, Gul'.elma Sands do.wn the well was never discovered. — From ' Cassell's Family Magazine' for April. 