WA Y ' NEWSPAPER FRAUDS, UNLIMITED' ' Tlio fraiidulont advortisomont is a hardy poronnial, as difficult to kill as a healthy ghost or a falso tradition,' re marked a magistrate's clerk to tho writer not long sinco. ' There is 110 rooting it o*:t, and whilst tho vigilanco of tho police and of nowspnpor 111011 is cutting it down in ono direction, it is beginning to flourish in another.' Ho spoko pessimistically — as perhaps, considering tho dreary nature of his duties, was natural onougli ! but fow will dispute tho justice of his noxt observa tion. * The only practicable way of chocking tho evil, apart from prosecutions,' I10 said, ' is by repeated exposure in tho press, thus enabling at least tho nowspapor reading portion of tlio public to judge for themselves what paragraphs are probably or possibly swindles.' _ After complimonting the ' Saturday Journal ' 011 cortain exposures of this kind which have from timo to time ap peared in its columns, tho official pro ceeded to detail such instancos of adver tising frauds as had come under his notice. From among thoso I select a fow of tho most ingenious and and impudent for in clusion here, before passing ou to relate tho history of a gigantic conspiracy of tho same nature. Marvels of value: Must bo cleared! SEWING-MACHINES for salo at a RIDICULOUS FIGURE! No toy or Brummagem goods, but a real well-made Sowing Machine, guaranteed to stitch smoothly and well. Price only 2s. 0d., by post 3s. All machines returned as defeotivo will bo promptly exchanged free of chargs. This offer, omanating from a largo hard ware contro in the Midlands, met wit-li a liberal response. Tho.je whom it induced to part with their monoy realised that tho 'ridiculous figure' was thoir own, whon they rocoivcd in exchange — an ordinary sewiog-needle.' No loss audacious was the following : — SMOKY CHIMNEYS ! Smoky Chimneys! Why suffer in health and temper from this intolerable nuisance whon a remedy can be cheaply obtained? AVo will forward our patent TUBULAR SMOKE-GUIDE to any address on recoipt Ot .is. bd. in stamps. Never fails to act. Warranted for two years. Tho 'smoke-guide' which applicants ob tained proved to be a common briar pipe. Genuine ana successful instances of swindles of this typo might be multiplied, but they all present practically tho same genoval features — a carefully vaguo offer, and entire rslianco on tho' gullibility of the public. A more curious illustration of the latter characteristic was afforded by this as tounding offer in a country weekly news paper. Only tho names have been altered : — i WINSTANTON Town Hall. — On Saturday evening next, at 8 o'clock precisely, PROFESSOR MARCEST, the renowned levitator and equilibrist, will givo his world-famous performance, in tho courso of which I10 will mount to tho roof, unaided, by successive leaps in the air. This feat, unequalled among the acrobats of the universo, depends tor its success upon the Professor's secret and exclusive discovery of a method of demagnetisation from the power of gravity. Admission, by ticket only, 5s., 2s. 6d., Is. A reduction for families and parties. Tickets may be ob taiued half-prico if purchased before Friday next, from Professor Marcosi, 14, Lyons Street. In its concluding sentence lay the real reason for tho insovtion. The Professor, having secured considerable patronago 011 half-price terms, vanished from his loilg ings(whethor by levilation or other means) in the small hours of the Friday morning, with the money of the too-confiding readers whom his preposterous advertise ment had decoivod. Lost country readers should resent tho seeming slight upon their intelligence implied by the above, lot me int.'rpose with a hoax no loss successfully per petrated on .Londoners somo twelve mouths ago. Ono of the mushroom weeklies that spring up from time to time in the Metropolis, to grace a veuioto corner of the, bookstalls for a fow weeks and then vanish, inserted a curious and fraudulent liotico in a conspicuous corner of each issue : — LS.L.A. Authors, journalists aud . others desirous of obtaining this diploma should apply to the Secretary, etc. The fact that 'this diploma' is unknown to fame, did not prevent many persons — the present writer among them — from ask ing liow it could be obtained. H010 is the reply to applicants :— ' Society of Loudon Authors. ' Duab Sib, — In reply to your enquiry, the Committee of this Society are prepared to grant thoir Lite-rate diploma to a limited number of persona who can fur nish satisfacto -y proofs of their conuoctioa with 'the London Press. ' If you desire the distinction, and will forward with your application a copy of a:iy article, story, poem, etc., yon may have cont ributed to a magazine or other publication issued in London, I shall be glad to phtco your name bafore tho Com ni'ttee. If the contribution ip unsigned, a written statement of your authorship is essential. ? I nov d hardly point out tho advantages accruing to a membor of the literary pro fession from his association with this Society. ' Yours faithfully, ' W ? H ? . 'P.S. — A Registration Fee of two guineas si?ould accompany your applica tion. It will be returned in the event of your proving unsuccessful.' The caieless roforenco in tho postscript is delightful; it is as though tho question of the too had almost escaped Mr. W ? H ? -'a attention altogether. Apart from the obviously intentional copying iu tne Society's. titlo, of that wol'.-kuown body the So'jiouy of Authors, the tenor of tho wholo letter is not exactly calculated to inspire confidence. It is, in fact, a clever appeal to the weakness of not a fow persons for the luxury of a string of letters after thoir names. -Thoso— and they wero many — who parted with thoir two guineas, did not receive even, the woithless diploma their vanity covoted. For the Society of London Authors, its mission — that of 'raising the wind'— being accomplished, exuiotly and unostentatiously subud-jd. Other instances must be omittod as tho apaco is insufficient for tho doings of other concoriiB. Tho Duko of Parma has a larger family than any prim'O in Europe. By his first wife, a princess of JJourbon Sicily, I10 had nine children, ail of whom survivo except the oldest, the lat e Princoas of Bulgaria. By his aocond wife, who was a princess of Braganza, ho has nine more children, liia youngobt boing oi 'y a year old. 