NORTH v. PORT MELBO3 RNE. The local tam seem to have struck a bad patch this season, as out of seven matches played so far, five. hare been lost, the fifth defeat having been inflict ed by Port Melbourne on Saturday. It is a great pity and a keen disappoint ment to the excellent following that the North have this year that s.o many re verses have been sustained thus early, in the season, more especially when the all indications pointed to an advance on the many fine performances of lastyeaar. It is very hard to'nce.,snt for this state of things, since, with the exception of the two Launders and Carlton, there has been no serious loss to the team. One thing is very certain, and that is North Melbourne have not a ghost of a show for the premiership, and even if they win every game from now till the end of the season it will just about give them a place, so that if they wish to avoid the necessity of acknowledging themselves an inferior team they will have to put their best foot forward. A good crowd witnessed the match, and !were rewarded by seeing a hard fought game. The day was beautifully fine, and the slight wind that was blow ing favored neither-sideovermuch TheT central umpire was' Armstrong.. Both sides failed to put their best team in the field, the locals in particulpr being with out the services of several of their regu lar team, and the emergency men being unaccountably absent, Bert Launder was called on to play, and he took the field, -untrained-as-lhe-as ,andeof course5-did not do himself justice. On the bounce of the ball North started aggressively, and soon had the Portsmen on the de fensive-Londrigan notching a couple of behinds. Keeping up the attack, the locals kept their opponents hard at it, and Knee scored a behind and Boyle two, and Sicily wound up a finely con tested quarter 'y dashing out of the rack and snapping a splendid goal. North-1 goal.5 behinds. Port-Nil. The second quarter opened with a be hind to North Melbourne throughl the agency of Boyle, but Port Melbourne re taliated by scoring a behind--their first score. Soon afterwards they scored their first goal, the kicking being in marked contrast to that of North Melbourne. The locals then carried the ball to the Ports territory and a behind was rushed. The quarter ended without further scor ing. North-1 goal 7 behinds. Port-i goal 1 behind. The third quarter commenced with a goal to Port Melbourne, which wras soon supplemented by a behind, and then an other goal. Not be denied, North took a hand, and although their shooting'was inferior to- that of the visitors, they put up a'goal and two behinds, much to the delight of the Northern supporters, whose spirits rose to a corresponding degree, and to the crowd generally the varied phases of the game were most exhilarat' ing. This quarter concluded with North Melbourne two points in the lead. North-2 goals 10 behinds. Port 3 goals 2 behinds. With such a narrow margin dividing the two teams it was naturally thought that the finish would be a good one. This expectation was promptly knocked on head by the assertiveness of Port Mel bourne, who simply walked over North, They scored a goal, to which the locals replied with a behind. Ports did ditto, and capped the performance with a con ple of goals, and won the match. To say that North Melbourne players and sup porters alike were staggered would be to put very mildly, They were completely iflTbbergasted. To kick three goanis and only one behind, is a performance that surpasseth all kicking, and-the feat-of scoring six goals with but three behinds speaks volumes for the accuracy of the Port goalists, and this, without doubt, won them the match, as the number of goals was out of all proportion to the be hinds on both sides-to the advantage of Port, and the corresponding disadvan tage of North. Final scores North-2 goals 11 behinds-23 pts. Port-(; goals 3 behinds-39 pts. Noonan was again far and away the best man on the ground and he was well supported by Londrigan, Sicily, T. and C. Smith, Quilligan, Geggie and Whit field, PRESENTATION.-A presentation was ,made to Mr. Bert Launder, on the 11th, at his residence, Metropolitan M?Iat Market, on the ,,eension of his marriage. Thi presentation was made by.Mr. A. J. \Voodham, late secretary of the North' Melbourne Football Cluib, on behalf of the present committee and club. It consisted of two cruets'(electro plated), biscuit barrel, fruit dish, cake dish, pickle jar, and two jam dishes. In making the presentation Mr. Woodham referred to the esteem in which the recipient was held, both as a player and member of the committee, and sished, him every success-in " his new venture." Mr. Launder suitably responded, saying the presentation came upon him as a great surprise, and tendered his hearty thanks to the donors whom he invited to join him in a social glass. The health ,f Air. Launler was proposed by Mr. R. White, and responded to by the fetrmer gentleman, after which: the pro •eedings terminated. 