THE RHYMER ' . BY ALLAN M'AULAY. COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XXXVII— (CONTINUED.) It must not for an instant be supposed that there was anything of tho villain in Nancy's composition, or that she intended to do her friend the smallest injury. She well knew that the sleeping draught was of the mildest order— a perfectly harmless drug, as the physician had positively assured her. And she put in only tho half dose. Nevertheless, as she carried it into tho girl's room, and gave it to her, it was with an averted look. She could not bear to meet Alison's eyes, and her little hand so shook that a part of the liquid was spilt upon the sheet. Then she hurriedly kissed her friend, put out the light and left her. Alison lay awake some time, for, upon perfectly healthy nerves, a sleeping draught will occasionally have the reverse of its in tended effect. She seemed to get a head ache and to become restless. She heard Nancy's movments in her room with pecu liar distinctness, and supposed that licr friend was preparing for bed. In reality, the deluded little woman was changing her dress from a common to a dainty one — ad ding, in every ribbon mid coaxed trick of curl, to the danger that awaited her— moving furtively, with many a pause to listen if Alison stirred, or Jciui in the attic above. Then a kind of buzzing drowsi ness came over Alison — disagreeable, be cause she seemed to want to fight against it. But it overcame her; and then for some hours she did certainly sleep, and much more heavily than was her wont. When she awoke, it wus with a confused, unpleasant feeling, and the sound of voices in lier cais. The room was dark, but a line of light showed under the door. Alison sat up and listened. A curious, nightmare-like sense of danger was upon her, indefinably oppressive. Her cars were acute. She heard Nancy's voice, and a man's voice, unmistak ably. Clearness came to her, though her tem ples throbbed and the drug she lmd been given buzzed in her head. She slipped to the floor, searched for bqt could not find her. shoes, groped for her wrapper, and threw it over her shoulders. She crept to the door -and lifted the latch noiselessly. The passage lamp was out, but the par lor was in a glow of brightness. The door had swung open with its old trick, and a stream of light came from it. In brilliant relief the little room and all it held stood out. And, in the circle of light,' unconscious of all save each other, tliey stood — the tempter and the tempted. And behind Alison the big wag-at-tlie-wall clock, with a guilty twang, struck one. One of Robert. Burns's great laboring hands was clenched, and he leaned heavily on tho table with it. Alison could see the veins in it throb and swell with tho hot, un governable blood. His other arm held Nancy — Nancy, whose little trembling hands covered her face — and who turned, as Alison watched her, to hide it against the man's powerful shoulder. The poet's face was in shadow, for it was bent over the woman. He spoke, but his voice was low and thick; Alison could not catch the words. She only looked at them for a moment, just till the clock struck. Then they moved with a start, and she also moved forward, uri'til she too stood in the -.circle of light. Petrified, the lovers saw her both at once,' staring, cliapfallcn, ns though tliey beheld a spirit; only a girl, indeed, with bare feet,- and in her nightgown, sleep still in her wide eyes nnd curls scattered on her shoulders, but , hedged about .with, the immutable dig nity of innocence, and strong. ..with the strength of right. She walked straight up to Nancy, and with a little jerk of effort took her into her own arms from the, man's em brace, facing him boldly! "It is too late for visitors here, sir," she said simply. "Mrs. Maolehose would have you go." The poet's arms dropped' to his. side nnd his jaw fell. His;, sun-browned face ' lind become quite paleand, the,..w.or(l,, jyliich stammered on liis-lips -would/not get them- selves spoken. When he moved it was to fumble for iiik lint. Then lie made for the door, without a look or word for those he left; and it might be said that lie slunk, then and there, from the room and from the house. j . . Nancy luul slipped from Alison's arms and lay on the ilrior in a little huddled heap, moaning. Alisin tried to raise her, but she would not rise. "Come, Nancy, come to lied," whispered the girl. "You are cold — you are slinking." She lifted 1 her, and then Nancy stood up, Itaring round her witii miserable, unseeing eyes— deadly pale, and utterly dishevelled. "I — 1 slipped," she said, in a curious dazed way. "L— slipped — and nearly fell, Ally." I "Here's my innd," said Alison. Anil- then, half leading and halt enrryifig her, the girl took the wretched little woman to her bed. ' CHAPTER XXXVIII. Alison wateliei nil night long beside her friend. Nancy iever let go her hand, but lay holding it, at first in a kind of wretched stupor, staring iitroight before her, with dry, miserable eyes, then in a sort of palsy of convulsive sintering, and at last in a fit of hysterical wqejiing, so violent that it seemed to tear ler littlo frame to pieces. Alison soothed aid comforted her as best she could, but a first neither peace nor comfort came, "fie girl's own thoughts were full of bewilderment. Ilere, in truth, was love— a crcatro shaken by it through all the innermost daces of licr being. Ali son, too, loved — bit thou, how differently. Was it the samA passion— this, that de stroyed her friend nnd that which raised her own soul to mights never dreamed of before she find knlwn Hcrries? Presently Nancy fell into the light doze of sheer ex haustion, and Aliaan was able to go and dress herself. \ But her troubles vere by no means over, -for Nancy awoke tola plight most piteous— a mental conditionlnhnost impossible to' cope with. Like onl who, saved from some horrible fate by acqdent or misadventure, is haunted by pliaitasmal death in every form, so Nancy, jitli the tremendous recoil of every natural womanly feel ing, beheld liersdf, again and yet again, on the verge pf the great nnd ter rible abyss from Vliieh she had been eo narrowly and .so l|ireiy saved. Her mind clung now, with thcipainful obstinacy and insistence of hysteria! to every symbol and outward sign of tafeftyi Could these stumbling steps of hels'be hid? Could she resume, before' the m ii arid women of her world, the steady gab of blameless woman hood? With words tint harrowed Alison's very soul, she protested her actual inno cence, while she benbnned the folly that had made lier risk her reputation. Oil, she had been mad— blinl-4iendstrong! She saw it all now. " "All my life, Ally," 'she Eaid, lier sweet voice roughened with ring crying— "all my life I've been guided b' the impulse of the moment. My passion nns done what it will with me, and now it' has undone me utterly." Then she fcl'ito harping on the theme of secrecy. Wih there anyone who would betray her? II w much did Jean know, and did she golsip? And Alison- Alison, who knew all— /oh, was she sure of herself? Would she njver— never by word, or look, or sign— betrnj her friend? "Will you swear to he, -Ally, that you'll never tell?" cried Nanh, raising herself in bed. Pd be easier if you'd swear upon the Bible never to betray me!" "Nay," said Alison, proudly, "I'll not swear. Have I ever lijxl to you that you should ask an oath? ifut I'll promise you Nancy, by all j ouVe beeu to me, and done for me, that no word oEjnine shall ever tell your secret to any human being." Nancy sank back among her pillows with a sigh of relief. l-r. . "Then I'm safe," sheVgaid, "for he will never betray me; to kisk and tell is not his nature. He is all the Vioblest generosity. Don't think- my love ii dead, Ally," she added in something of.ljer old tones. : "It lives, and it will live, puMfied;T'll tear tho . earthly part, of ; it from ijv-heart, and .live, 'in hopes that wo mayffiheet in heaven." Soothed b.v tins interesting and sanguine reflection. Nancv grew calmer. She took a hltlo of her sleeping medicine, and Alison was just beginning to look forward to an hour of peace, when she awoke with a scream. "Oil, God!" she cried aloud, "my key!" "Hush, Nancy; Jean will hear you," said Alison, patiently. "What key?" "My key," reiterated Nancy, working herself lip into a passion of terror, "my liouse'key. Oh! fool that I was. I gave it to him in ail innocence; it was before your own eyes, Alison, nnd only to save Jean when she was throng. It lias an ivory label to it, with my name anil the street's mime, nnd if it is found with liirn I am undone — undone!" She twined her fingers in licr hair, and would have torn it but that Ali son he'd licr linr.ds. Alison herself looked blank enough; the matter of the key struck her as a bad business, incriminating evidence enough in the hands of such a man a3 Burns — careless, if he were not malicious, ami, like all men, leaving tilings about. "Ally, as you love me, you must go and got it from him!" said Nancy; "I'll not trust the matter upon paper. I must have a messenger, aiul that . messenger must bo you." "Nay, but that's too much!" cried Ali son, turning white. "Too much?" said Nancy, piteously. "Too much to save your friend whom you have promised . to save? Oh, Ally, pity me — pity mc— and go!" She. put up lier trembling arms, nnd caught Alison about the neck, clinging to her. "If I go," said. poor Alison, desperately, "will you promise mc one tiling, Nancy — never, novel- to send me on another message to this man?" "Never! I swear!" cried Nancy. "Oil, Ally, I've been wrong to do it so often, most hideously selfish nnd wrong so to have used your good nature. But you'll forgive me, for I knew not what I did." .Alison met the inevitable with a kind of cold, white calm. Her very flesh sank from the thought of meeting Burns, of being near him, and brcathing'thc same air. Now she must not only go to. his house, but in all probability enter it, doing that which; to anyone not acquainted with the intricncics of tlie affaiu and her own obscure part in it, was, on the face of it, open to the gravest misconstruction. Should llerrics know of it — what then? But a kind of despair had come to Alison on this point. She must do what she had to do; it was' ail a ghastly mis take, a growing and intolerable injustice, liut she must blunder on with it now. She was the same Alison, and in the same mood, who lmd desperately promised in Jacky's twilight nursery, weeks ago, to marry Mr. Chc-ape because duty drove lier to it, and she saiw-no other way. It was agreed that she should wait till nearly dusk before setting out, and 'it-wns, perhaps,, 5 or 6 o'clock before she left the house. She hurried through the familiar streets, choosing the obscurer ones, and keeping in the shadow — haunted by a sonso of the guilt which was not hers. She stood at last before the odiously familiar door in St. James's-sqimre, and knocked. It was opened to her by Nicol, and Alison's flesh crept, for she loathed the man, and feared1 him now — slio .knew not why. "Is Mr. Burns within?" she asked in a low voice; .Nicol looked her up and down with an indescribable insolence. "No, mistress," he said, "lie's not,'" "Will lie be in soon?" Alison forced her self to ask. , "Are you that anxious to see him?" said Nicol, with a leer. Alison drew herself up, with a passionate scorn, though she trem bled in every limb. "I have important business with Mr. Burns," she faltered, "and desire an inter view." . "Ay, oh, ay, I understand," said Nicol. "Well, mistress, come in and wait. Bob's door is never closed to bonny lasses. He held the door wide. Behind his uncouth figure opened a vista of dingy passage, end ing in a stair. Alison' hesitated, half drew back; to cross that threshold was horrible to her; it seemed to put her in the power of men— of bad- men. She hekl ' her hantl yto her heart!— it 'ifuttcred sb--and cast a. Jong- I ing look down the empty street. Oh, for sonic help! But 110 help eanic. ' If there is some room where I could wait — alone," she began, with an nnlueky inflection o:i the last word, which Nicoi's ear caught, and bitterly resented. "Oh, ay, there's a room where you can lie private." answered Nicol, with suspicious blaiiilncss. "Come up the stair." lie led the way, and Alison followed in the close, malodorous darkness. Burns occupied two rooms on the first floor of the house, a parlor and sleeping- closet communicating. It was into the former of these that Nicol ushered Alison— a disorderly nnd ill-kept room, with a bottle and glasses on the table, nnd articles of a man's wearing apparel strewn about upon the chairs and floor. " "J'is no room for a lino miss like you," said Nicol, with dangerous politeness. "I'll take it upon myself to usher you into our sanctum sanctorum — 'tis more genteel." ' "But if this is the parlor," sni(l Alison, looking round lier nervously, and perhaps beginning a little to lose licr head, ,"if this is the parlor, lind I not better remain here?" "No, no," said Nicol, speciously, "we have the other- much more private. Ileije anyone may come at any moment, yon see, nnd if your business is private—" It was a touch of devilish cunning, for terror seized Alison at tho thought-'of an in trusion. "If, then, you think it wiser — " she said, looking about her with startled, eyes. "Ay, come away, much wiser," said Nitol. "Sec here!" He held open the door of .the inner room— its only entrance— and Alison walked in. The moment her feet were over the threshold, Nicol slammed, to the door upon her, and locked it with a loud report. "There, my bonny bird!" he called, his grinning mouth to the panel; "we've got you safe and sound! Are ye 'alone! enough in there for your taste? 'Od, it's there you'll bide till Bob comes haine anil lets ye out!" He exploded in a fit of laughter; here was a piece of horse-play after his own heart. Stunned and stupid, Alison had tottered a few steps into the inner room. A bed in the corner, unmade since the morning, showed that it was the poet's sleeping chamber. And slie ivas trapped beyond ull possibility of escape. CHAPTER XXXIX. The letter which Nicol had conveyed , from Burns to' Hemes lay unopened at the office of the latter for a matter of about, perhaps, 36 hours. Delivered very late in the evening, it was not conveyed to ller rics that night, because he had already re tired. In the early morning. hours he was summoned to the death bod of his part ner, and lie only returned from that melan choly scene in order, after a hurried meal, to set off to a remote village in the Pent- lands, where, under an engagement with the dead man, he must make arrangement for -the funeral. Returning at night, dog tired, after many hours spent in the saddle (for it had been necessary to go on horse back) he had not attempted to examine his correspondence. But the first letter that lie opened in tho morning wus that, from St. James's-square. He sat still after its perusal— stunned. The morning sun streamed in through the three long windows of his line room, and found him, perhaps an hour later, still sit ting motionless, the letter in his hand. The anguish of surprise was not his, for, after all, the letter contained mere confirmation of long latent suspicion. But it came with a fearful blow nevertheless. Here was a man who had expected little of men and wo men, but lie had got less than lie expected after all. 1-Ie had believed that he had cherished no illusions, and ' dreamed no dreams; but the modest hopes that lie lind allowed himself to entertain of faith in one huinan being, whom he loved, were dashed. The cynic's disgust, as well as the man's heart wrung sorrow, was his portion. Yet I-Ierries was a lawyer, keen of vi sion, and trained to the detection of de ceit, and to him that letter actually did smack false at' 'the first' reading, and after wards also. He. had heard much, as was inevitable, - of the sturdy independence of the peasant poet; certainly this letter was not the letter of such a man. It was a suspiciously subservient, and actually cring ing letter, and in every linn rang false. Yet .Berries knew, anil recognised fit once, the poet's handwriting, for Burns's letters at that day were often handed round the town as curiosities, anil the young lawyer luid seen at least a score. A certain wearied langor hail conic over ITerries, numbing bis faculties, so that ill this matter tliey had almost ceased to serve him. lie told him self that bis love was dead — nipped by this long Host of cold suspicion, and ruined for ever liy this base association with men and ways unclean nnd devious. Yet" lie was a just man. and lie would not condemn Ali son unheard. ' Ilo had already given iter the chance of explanation and defence; he would -give it lier again. He would seek her out, ami lie would confront her with the letter— ask lier if it were true or false, lie would make lier speak; and those grave lips lie hail kissed so often — those candid eyes that indescribably childlike wide in nocence of brow that had been Alison's charm rather than, and (to him) beyond all beauts'— well, he should learn once for all if tliey lied, and were only the fair onter covering of deceit and blackness. It was impossible that lie could be absent again during office hours, for the previous 'day had been a blank one, and the pressure of the accumulated work of the past weeks was becoming daily more unendurable. But in the evening lie would go to the Potter- row, and put an end to the mysteries that destroyed liis peace. He set out, accordingly, after lie bail dined. It was a damp, windy night, witlr heavy rain clouds hurrying from the west. Hardly an hour before him Alison lind trod those pavements, her face set to the New Town, trying to hide herself as she went. Herries walked with his head held liigh, conning over the stringent things that he should say in the coming interview, yet striving nlso that he should be just and calm. Jean opened to liirn with a glum face. Well did tho honest servant kndw that tilings were going wrong, lier sym pathies were all with Alison. "I have business with Miss Graham," said Herries. "Can I see her?" "I doot no, sir," said Jean. "The young leddy is from home, and the mistress ill in" her bed." "I will come in and wait," said llerrics; "but do not you disturb your mistress — it is not necessary." He felt a repugnance to seeing his cousin; more lies, lie told him self; and impotent anger on his own part, would be the only result. He walked into the parlor. The Jittle room had nil ominously neglected and inhos pitable air; the fire was nearly out, and the hard, lingering -'light of the spring even ing' showed up all the sluibbinesses of the little nest, so kindly hid in the cosy winter hours, llerrics threw himself into a chair, prepared to wnit. Half an hour dragged by, and no ono came. The demon of rest lessness got him, and he began to pace the room. He thought he would see Nancy after all, and called. Jean. "Ask my cousin if she can see mc," he said, and at the saime moment Nancy's voice called. to him faintly from her room. lie entered it. Tho invalid iny against a pile of pillows, in her pink wrapper, looking, indeed, mere ly the; ghost of herself. Her cheeks were pallid, lier dark eyes ringed, the lines upon her face were visibly deepened. "Why, Nancy, 1 find you an invalid!'.' said Ilerries, in astonishment. "I fear I intrude;Juit my business is with Aliss Gra ham to- night, and if yon can tell me where, she is gone, or when slie is likely to return, I will not disturb you a moment longer." Nancy trembled; for all the terrors of discovery beset lier. The courage to answer her cousin coherently- was not in lier; her quivering lips would hardly form licr words. "Ally is— is gone out," slie murmured. "She did not tell mo 'where. A walk with Willy is her custom' at this hour, and " "It is past 7 o'clock," said Herries, im patiently, "and Willy is in. the kitchen with liis'b'oolcq.-" ' He 'frowned',? anil' liis. eyes, Full- of freshly roused . suspicion, searched Nancy's face. But a man cannot bully a sick woman in her bed. "f shall wait for Aliss Graham," lie said shortly, as he turned on Ills heel, "if need be, till midnight." He re turned to the parlor, where Jean hail lit a candle, and continued liis watch. Nancy, on lier bed, tossed to and fro, a prey to perfect agony of mind. It was more than two hours since Alison had left the house. What had become of her? Here was Ilqr- ries on the trail of some discovery. The wretched little woman saw herself upon the brink of ruin. Slie rolled over on her face, biting tho sheet between her chattering teeth, stiff and cold, and in a kind 'of rigor. In a rage of obstinacy, Ilerries waited on. The wag- at-tlie-wall clock struck eight— the half hour— then nine. lie started up, and went to the servant in lier kitchen. "Jean," he said, and has voice had a curiously unnntnral sound, "I cannot get from your mistress where Afiss Graham is gone. Can you tell me? The woman hesi tated, and then spoke out, bursting, indeed, with a sense of Alison's wrongs, though about, alas! only to add to tliein. "Gone?" slie said. "Weel ken I whar site's gone. Just where she's been too often, sir, though I say it that am but a sairvnnt." "Take care what you do say," eaid Herries, sternly. "I have ears for no idlo gossip. Where did she go?" "To Burns's lodging, sir," said Jean, sot ting fire to n long trail, "and, sir " "That's enough," sniil Ilerries. Ilis voico was quiet, but his action was lilie lightning, and, before the, slow moving Scotchwoman could put out a hanil to stop liiin, or utter another word, lie was out upon the stair and in the street, making for St. James's Square as though the devil were after him. liis haste undid liirn. Hail lie waited bub a moment more, the -floodgates of Jean's confidence would 'have liecn. opened wide, and from -the honest creature's lips he would have learnt, if not the whole truth, yet enough to light him to the rest. But that was not'io be. . , , / (To be Continued.) 