BB$-1U VEIL BY MRS C. N. WILLIAMSON.:: .-Author of "His Grace." "The Secret of S the Pearls,""The House by the Loch," "Queen Sweetheart," "A Man fr6mr the Dark," "Fortune's Sport," "The News paper Girl," Etc. 'HiAPTEat IV.-THE CQNVENT OF THE .SACRED ISLAND. I ani' walltng for you, Paul," said the :.paster of Falconberg, (Then this late visit had been expected, was the thought that flitted through Mary's brain. If only she had known!) "So!" and the Prince's eyes lightened. "You have found the lost one." "I have brought her back to you from another:s man's arms - you can guess whose - but not in time to prevent a scandal for your family," said the rasping rolce of Paul Van Kornls, as he roughly banded the half-fainting girl to her step father. "Your- servants and mine saw the interrupted elopement. The porter and his wife had been beguiling their hours ?tlting up for my coming by entertaining visitors. Those visitors saw also. This is the end of the affair for me. The lady would have none of me at first. Now I will have none of her. Tongues shan't wag, and eyes look askance when my wife appears. I wish you joy of your step daughter, Hugo-the Princess joy of hier child. And since the motive for my visit has now disappeared, I won't incon venlence-S'ou with my presence. You'll be in no mood for entertaining guests, nor I for entertainment; so good-night." Wiiththis, he went down the stone steps which he had just ascended, and springing Into his carriage again, gave his attentive footman the signal to be off. The door of the house shut heavily, and Wary was alone with her step- father - for there were no serrvants in the great, -dim hall. "So, you have disgraced me!" he said, -holding her In front of him, a merciless grasp on each slender arm. "It was known that you had gone. Your mother's smaid discovered your absence; but we suspected nothing half so bad as this. You do credit to your English training. Was it there, in England, that you learnt the artd of trickery and deceit?" "There is nothing bad to suspect!" the 4glrl protested. "I was going to the Em * bas y. You and my mother have been cruel. I could bear it no longer. It was lnot Mr Tristram's fault. I-I sent for 2dm--" "You sent for him--shameless one! But this is for your mother to deal with. Thank lHeaven, you are no child ofimine." ""I thank Heaven too,", sobbed Mary. S"3My father loved me. He was just and kind. He would have' believed no evil S of his daughter. As formy mother-- "'As for your mother .- what of her?' The voice of the Princess caught up the words; the heavy silk of the Princess' . 4gown rustled along the stone floor. With a sudden, desperate impulse, Mary snatched herself free from the man's rough grasp, and flew to the woman, who s-tool tall, motionless, majestic, at the foot of the wide stairway. "O mother, mother!" she cried, "If there's any 'love left in your heart for me, be kind to me slow; "Cruel things have been said- hor -rlble things, that I hardly understand - but I know that I don't deserve them. W~on't you help me? Won't you believe what I tell you? You are the only one I 'have in the whole world." "Let my dress go!" said the Princess, Icily. "You .are like a mad creature - and madness would be the only excuse for ,what you have done-leaving your room 'by the window, at midnight, rousing the 'household, and causing a scandal-" "If that were the only scandal, Kathe rine!" exclaimed the Prince. And then, with accusations that seemed to drain Mary Desmond's heart of its life blood, he explained, according to Count von KIornis's interpretation, the girl's flight and her return. Princess Falconberg listened to the end, in silence, her lips tense, her eyes fixed on the speaker. But at length, when the last indictment had -been made, she turned to let loose her. long repressed passion with a swift, 'fierce blow. Her strong white hand smote Mary across the cheek, leaving its im -press in scarlet. IBut though the girl tottered she recovered herself, and stood erect, her blood turned to flame, her eyes blazing jewels. No longer broken or afraId, all the tempestuous pride of 'ser father's race on fire, she faced the beautiful, white woman, like a youthful .queen. " '"You are no true mother," she said, in ,' low, strained voice, that rang more clearly through the great hall than the loud menace of the Prince's tones. "If you were-if you had ever loved me you would not listen to such words spo 'ken of your daughter. - It is that man you should have struck, not me, for Sthrough me he has -insulted you, since we are of the same blood. I cannot strike him, if I would. But I can leave Ils house and yours. After this night I ask of Heaven that I need never look upon his face again." "I wonder that you dare take the name -of Heaven on your lips," said the Prin cess, "after the scandal you have drag ged into an honorable family, the ruin you have wrought for yourself. You, who would have repulsed one of the no blest men in the Empire, to steal off by nlfght with a penniless nobody! Wisha would believe a foolish tale about 'your friendship,' and the Embassy? Ah; it does not bear thinking of! You shall ihave your wish. After to-night, you shall. leave this house, you shall never look upon our faces againn.. Henceforth, youare dead to the world." "What do you mean?" the girl stam anered, chilled by the words, appalled by the:loolbi&h; her mother's face. "You have forfeited the right to ques tiai o'bur authority, if you ever had it," Prince Falconbhrs answered for. hIis wife.. 'When it Is time for you to hear what penalty you have brought upon yourself you shall hear It, but that time is not-now. Go to your room. There Is no fear of your leaving it as you left It last." \- "I wil not go," lIary.cried. "I can :.s: not stayin this house to-night. I--" S"Katherine" murmured the Prince. ':I"he beautiful cold eyes read his, and the a.nan and woman together caught the "'grl by the arms, forcing her towards t: he stairs. "Mary resisted no longeoi, for it .wa better to go off of her owlin ac cord than be compelled-to yield, like a s .ebellous child. At the door of her room they left her, and she heard. the "key turned on the outside, as she passed wanbesitatlngly in. Both windows weire : fastened down with nails nos, and if she had wished to try the expleriment of escape again, she would have found her Sself hopelessly a prisoner; but there was .no longer any thought of escape in her nmind. She did not know what was to Sbe done with her, but feeling was numb ed. If It were true that the world would think of her as these two men and this woman thought, it were better that she died. The girl did not undress, nor try to asep, but sat in a deep, old-fashioned chair by the fireside, her eyes fixed un seeingly on the fading embers that strewed the hearth, until long after they had turned from red to feathery grey. She thoughtba great deal about Trlst ram, wondering at what seemed likle de aertloa, when he hlad done so muchll; and as thelawn came at last, hope revived faintly, vaguely-for hie would not vol untarily have failed her; so was it not possible that he had been actuated by some subtle notive, that he might mean to help her even yet? There was a clock on the mantel, and as it struck eighlt in the morning, Prin. Less Falconberg unloked and opened 385 the door. Behlnd her came Matthllde with a 5teamrtn cup of coffee. "Tou are to0 drink this," said the Prinqss. "Matthilde, you can go." The door softly closed again; mother and 'daughter were alone together. Un der the merciless, waiting gaze, Mary lifted the cup, and drank its contents, almost ready to wish that there were poison in the draught. When she had finished the Princess spoke. "Father Augustin is here. We sent for him. He has been told all, and has given his advice. It accords with the idea for your future that came to me last night. Nothing can undo, what has passed, in the eyes of society. but the penance of your whole life to come may appease Heavenj He-wishes to speak with you, attdiths asked me to prepare your mind; 'Areyou ready?" "Yes," said vary. ,She was very cold. The fire had died down hours ago, and there was a tfhsty chill it the room. Her fac was whiie.as the snow softly fall ing outside the locked windows, and the coffee she had been ordered to drink had seemed to impart no warmth. But, though she trembled slightly with cold. and the excitement of suspense, she was scarcely conscious of phy.sical discom fort. "Very well. You cannot -go to the Father. He will come to you." Princess Falconberg's dress rustled daintily as she moved away, and the sound jarred upon the girl's nerves. A moment more, and she raised her eyes to the haggard beauty of the priest's dark face. It was true .that she had joined the church of her father's people. For once, gossip had not lied. If she would be "converted," she might hope to win her mother's love, she had been told, when first she came to Austria, and she had hoped, and failed. Now, she looked with pale wistftl appeal into the priest's brilliant eyes, but there was no gentle light of piity there. "The sin of ingratitude is a very base sin," he said. "You have also been guilty of deceit. If you would be for given, you must show yourself worthy of forgiveness." Mary was silent. "You have abused the hospitality of your step-father's house. It must now be withheld. But there is one refuge still open to you, my daughter. The Mother Church, to whom you lately gave your allegiance, offers you sanctuary." ;"I don't understand you," said the girl. "It has been decided in counsel be tween the'Prince and Princess and my self this morning that you should at once be sent to the Convent of the Sacred Islaind." Mary's face brightened. "Oh, I should be thankful to go there for a while," she cried.- "It would be peace. Of course, I would rather go back to England, but if the Sisters would keep me until-" "I see that even now you do not under stand," said the priest. "You do not go to the convent as a guest, but as a novice. After all that has passed, you should think it a blessed privilege." A wave of color surged up to her forehead, and she staggered back, catch ing for support the arm of the chair where she had sat through the long hours of the night. -"They would make me-into a nun!" she stamimered, half beneath her breath. "They would make you one of the Sis ters of the SacredIsland." "I can't.do it!" she broke 'out. "I won't.do it.-. It would .be .a living death.'.' . "My d4aughter, there-is no longer for you a question of 'cannot' or:!will.not. You must obey." " Her eyes dilated withT fear of the man, horror. of the future. . "They can't make me," she faltered. "I-I'll refuse to take the'vows, even at the altar; just as I would have refused to marry Count von Kornis, your brother, Father Augustin! I am not a child any longer. I have friends, too, who will help, if you are all leagued together against me, to make me do this thing, Mr Tristram-" "My child, Mr Tristram is dead." Site did'not cry out, or fall, but gradu ally.all look of life and youth faded front her face. She might have been frozen where she stood. And her eyes, dark with horror, stared up at the priest with no quiver of the long black lashes which poor Tristram had thought so beautiful. :"Dead- dead!" she said at last, in a whisper. Then her lips formed another word, though no sound came. "How?" "Last night he and my brother fought a duel." "Because of-me?" "Because of you. He died in his sins, without absolution, and in darkness and silence he will be buried secretly in un consecrated ground." "Because of me!" she repeated again. And after that, for a long time, she spoke no more. He watched her patiently, keenly, as a student of science might watch the helpless anguish of somn small animal bound on a vivisect ing table. -"And your brother?" she asked at last, in a whisper. "My brother is wounded. And he will suffer in other ways as well. All this 'misery comes of your fault, my daugh ter." SMary Desmond covered her face with both hands, and. a shudder shook her from head to foot. She longed for the relief of tears, but no tears would come. "The Count is a murderer!" she cried, in horror of the dreadful vision her mental eyes could see. "A man who kills another In a duel, fought honorably, for a righteous cause, is not called by such a name in our country," said Father Augustin. "But In the sight of Heaven hie has sinned, the sin Is more yours than his, for he fought to avenge you-he, the man who should have been your husband, be lieted that he had the right to punish pne who had robbed him. I do not say he had the right; but I do say, my unhapliy child, that on your head is the crime." "Then let me !tde my head for ever in .he convent." the girl exclaimed, sobbing gow as youth should not know how to sob. "Mr Tristram Is dead; you say I have murdered him. Then thie world is over for me, because-because, Father Aogustin, I loved him! I didn't know it when I sent to ask his help, or I wouldn't have sent; but I know it now, and every one may know. it, for all I care, since he has given his life for me. Let me go to the Sisters of the Sacred Island as soon as you think best. If only I could die in stead!" "You should be thankful that it is giv en to you to live, and expiate your sin, through the years-to come," Father Au gustin a?wered, coldly. "You shall go to the convent-to-day." Mary had often heard of the Sisterhood who spent their lives on the rocky island in the Schrecksee (or "Sea of Horror") so., named becauseIn old," old days almost before legend wedded history, Its waters had been troubled by the evil spirit of a woman who lured men to ruin body and soul.. The lake had been called accursed until Saint Eberhard had been directed in a vision to take up his residence on the rock, which rose like the darkt shotlder. of a submerged Titan, from the water. Ills advent-so legend said-had driven the haunting evil away; and the lake, instead'of being accursed, gained a mag Ical power of healing many diseases. Throngs of afflicted people had journey ed from far to the Schrecksee, which still retained the old name, to be cured by its swaters and the prayers of the blessed hermit on the Island. Then, when Saint Eberhard had died at a great age, by his desire a Sisterhood was founded on the rock, and their dwelling called the Con vent of the Sacred Island-the oldest in stitution of tihe kind in Austria, and one of the most rigid in Its rules of Illfe. It was an enclosed order. The sisters never passed outside the boundary of the high walls that shut the convent in. On one day of the week only might they con verse with one another, save to murmur the bodeful words, "Memento Mor." No letters came to the band of women who had reoiletd all worldly joys, except com. munleatlons from blslol or priest on business of the convent. No letters'went out, save answers to these. Modern life, and the busy rush of modern days, cameo no nearer to the rock in the lake than the small railway town on the Danube, a dozen miles away. Those who had the curiosity to gaze at the famous Convent of the Sacred Island from a d'i4ance, might drive to the tiny village oflLeux, on the lake shore, and behold the dark, Ir regular building silhouetted grimly ag ainst the sky; yet none but priestly visi tors, novices, or trades-people, carrying supplies, had been received on the island itself, since the mild reign ofEberhard had ended with the saint's death. SMary was not fully Iriformed of all these' details; and, mentally half-stunned; phy sically too weak from lack of foad :to'edn'l centrate thought, her mind poitnted no vivid pictures'on the blank, grey canvas of the future. She onl}.groeld 'through .darkness for the one hope of coblsolation which she believed could ever galin, be hers; a place to hide In from:h censorlous world, a place to pray for:peace.: She made the hundred-misle journey from Vienna to Leux with.r " iother and Father Augustin. Heavily veiled; she still felt an acute misery.of eelf- onscious ness, shrinking from every eye that might be staring In morbid interest at thte.hero Ine of the latest scandal, the wicked girl whose folly had last night cost.a:man his life. Through the thick, dark veil, she gazed with a strange fascination at the people crowding the stations as they pass ed; happy, commonplace people who would not have to live face td face with a tragedy till death came to their release. It seemed unbelievable that everything should be going on in the wQrld as if' no shipwreck had come to her.. Girls liugh ed, and rejoiced In their youth and beau ty, hardly knowing why they were happy. She had been like that only a few weeks ago-far away in dear England. She re called some of the pranks she and her friends had played at school, and she re membered the exquisite pleasure of her first ball, when she had been said to be the "belle"-and she 'had met George Tristram. Now the handsome, dark face, so bright, so brave-that she had dreamt of many times of late, would soon be under the ground. The snow would keep on falling, as it fell now, and make his grave white horribly white and cold. And she would be eighteen next week, only eighteen; yet she must always be cold after this, cold with remembrance; and she was going to be buried in a grave too. ilut then, noth ing mattered any more. The Princess, with her confessor and her daughter, had a compartment to themselves; the crowd, like moving photo graphs, only passed the windows and looked in when the train slowed into sta tions. The priest and the woman whom he ruled, spoke together sometimes in low voices; but they did not address Mary; and by her the long journey was spent in silence. It was much the same after wards, in the closed carriage that drove them from the last railway town to the little village by the lake. There, the mo ment had come for the parting between mother and daughter - a parting from now till the end of time. As Mary stepped from the carriage to accompany Father Augustin in the small boat which would take them across the lake (fed by warm springs, so that the surface was never frozen), her first actu al realisation of what she was about to do, came with a sight of the convent. Was it possible that she was to live in that gloomy place, the acme of desolation? That she, who had always so loved free dom and everything that could be done in the open air, would never after to-day pass beyond those dark, ivy-draped stone walls? Youth and human nature asserted them selves, and her heart contracted with a sharp pang of "revulsion. She found herself catching at the thought that, after all, this step was not irrevocable. She was only going to take the vows for the period of a novitiate. At the end of that time, if she had changed her mind, she would be free to return to the world she now forsook. She wished she knew how long was the novitiate at the Convent of the Sacred Island; and she determined to summon courage, if she could, in the boat, to ask Father Augustin whether he cousd tell her of any novice who had ever left the Sisterhood. Then suddenly she remembered the thing that was send ing her here. Tristram, whom she had loved, was dead, by her fault. Why should she ever wish to leave this sanc tuary on the rock? The girl turned to her mother with one last, hungry, yearning look. If the Princess had had a pang of relenting, if she had so much as held out her hand, Mary would have broken into passionate sobbing. But she had sinned past for giveness from that cold nature, and there came no sign of softening, "Good- bye, mother-for always," whis pered the girl. "Good-bye," the Princess answered, without a tremor of the voice. Then she turned to Father Augustin. "I shall be waiting for ycu at the inn," she said. "I daresay they can put me into a decent room: at least, it will be warm." Mary shuddered faintly at the words. Often afterwards, she was to think of them, and while she fasted and shivered, picture the beautiful woman in her sables, with daintily-shod feet on the fen der, a warm fire playing rosily on the white marble of her face, as she waited till her confessor should have finished disposing of a troublesome daughter. So the priest and the girl were rowed across the water as darkness fell. He spoke kindly to her, now that the Prin ccssi was no longer with them, bidding her be of good cheer. It was as If, since his object had been accomplished, and Mary had obeyed him, he wvas ready to show her the flowers which might still grow along the narrow path he had bid den her choose. He told her that Hea ven would be appeased. That there was a wrndrous liappiness in a life of holiness and self-denilal. IHe dwelt upon the peaceful days of prayer and meditation she would spend among the good Sis ters, before the hour came when she must take her preliminary vows as a novice of the order. At first, she would merely be a guest, in retreat.at this blessed asylum; there, in that chapel, where the red light glowed against the darkening sky, she would become the betrothed brilde of Heaven. The boat touched the crtiude landing place. Steep steps cut in the rock, ant covered now with drifted snow feathers, led up to the convent walls. At the gate, Father Augustin rang a bell, which Jangled dismally. In the thick oak panel, a tiny blind slid up behind the grille, like an opening eye. The aper ture lshowed a grating, and the dim ghost of ,t face, white as its white frame of drapery.. A muffled exclamation told that Father Augustin had been seen and recognised by thelay Sister, whose duty it-was to gurd the gate. There fto! lowed the sound.f.a key grating harshly insa laock a pughb~n aside of heavy bolts, seldlomniov'edthec.rattle of a chain, and the small door that opened in one of the great gates swung rustily on its hinges. A long look backward, a deep drawn, sob bing breath, and the close-clasping arm: of theConvent of the Sacred Island had folded Mary Deomond in. "Well for herwho will be known hence berg, rising from her chair by the wood fire, in the inn parlor, as the priest softly entered. "It Is well, my daughter," he said. "WellFather?'" asked Princess Falcon forth as Sister Marie Magdalene; and for you, well, because you have given your daughter to the Chhrch, with all the for tune that would have been hers." "Better than if the money could have lifted a weight of debt from the sornl estates, Father?" she asked. "My brother Paul would not say no." The priest faintly smiled. "But after last night, as you know, his pride could not have endured the marriage, empty as the family coffers are. And the for tune is a good gift for the Church." "Yes," said the Princess, with a s!gh she did not wish even her'confeseor to know meant exultation in being freed from her only rival. No longer wou!d sihe look faded and old beside a fresher face. No longer would men turn from her to another, In ballrooms where she had once been queen. She had wished for, Mary's marriage, because her hus band had wished it, and because Count vori Korlrs, who had so strange an in fluence over the Prince, had wished ' it. But a married daughter, even at a dis tance, can still make a woman seem old; !hile a daughter in a convent is speedily forgotten. After all, when the scandal of which- the Count in his fury had made so much, was passed (as it soon would be, to give place to a newer one), things would be better as they now were. While, as for Mary herself, a girl with such a head strong nature as hers was safer in the Convent of the Sacred Island than she swould have been exposed to the constant dangers of society. "I am glad, Father, that you are satis fled," she said. ;'If you had not thought of telling her the man was dead, I be lieve she would have resisted." "'It is occasionally permissible to devl ate temporarily from the truth for a wise purpose, daughter," answered the Jesuit, hiding the fire of his eyes under long, wo manish lashes, "To do evil that good may come. And though he lived this morning, to-morrow we shall almost surely hear that he is dead." (To be Continued.) 