A JOURNALIST'S STORY. The Journalist sat In his room. The little chliiaware lamp shed melancholy rays over the papers .aihd books heaped disorderly about table and floor. The miniature clock on the mantle ticked off the seconds unheeded. Work for that night was impossible. The nine post had wrought this confusion In his ideas; a brief note bearing a foreign post mark. The beginning of things; had been Paris. ' ' A disturbing recollection of forgotten plea sures haunted the prosy lines; the flood gates of memory were rudely forced just when lie thought them locked for ever. There was matter for pleasant reflection in those happy, careless days of yputh, when the bitter fruits . of failure were asf yet untlisted, But when he made the discovery that so many others before him had made, he .quitted Paris and the art studios for London, and' the ranks of Journalism. Here he found consolation, and Biindry occasional cheques, but the know ledge of failure was always with him. He paused a moment to return to the let ter. It certainly was a strange request. "Dear Everett," .he read. "You will, no doubt, be surprised to hear from me after the lapse of so many years. The truth is that I have a'favour to ask of you. Circumstances compel me to leave this city for a time, how long I cannot tell; and I am disposing of my effects to the first bidder. I am sending you a canvas of mine, which I am unwilling to sell, and equally unwilling to destroy. I shall es teem it a great kindndss If you will give the thing house room for a month or so. By then I hope to be in London, when I will seize tho Dpportulty to renew our old friendship.— Yours sincerely, PAUL CURRAN." "P.S.— I got your address from Whltmore, who is staying here." . ' It was ten long years since he made the acquaintance of Curran, but he had not for gotten the chance circumstance that led up to it, although the two had not been intimate friends. It was a Btudlo light— no uncommon occurrence In those days— culminating in general riot. Curran was swept off Ills feet in the melee, and lay in Imminent danger of being trampled to death. It was Everett who assisted him to his feet, and it was Everett who,at a later date, offended him by merciless ly criticising a picture of his before the class of students. Thereafter the two men mutually avoided each other. For the man Everett had no dislike, but for the gruesome subjects wherewith he adorned his canvasses he had nothing but contempt. Soon after he settled down In London Eve- .. .rett married. The marriage was a horrible failure— 'Ills' second. She left him at the end of three months. Twice Elnco he had word of her, once at Brussels, and later, at Baden Baden. He made no effort 'to reclaim her. . Presently his eyes wandered away to where tlie newly-arrived' parcel stood. He rose slowly from his chair, and strode over to It. ' He re turned after a minute, and cleared a space for it on the table. He examined the superscrip tion curiously, and presently he began fumbl ing with the fastenings. When he had re moved the last wrapper he propped the canvas against a pile of hooks, tilted the shade until the light from the lamp streamed full upon it, and then resumed his seat. Death was the subject/ and the treatment was startllnglyorlglnal. He stared at the thing across the table, his eyes starting with horror. On the floor of a dingy atelier, amid a litter of dusty canvases, lay a beautiful woman, naked and dead. A stiletto was buried lillt-deep between the breasts, and the bright crimson stream trickled down to a pool on the floor. In the foreground of the picture an artist waB at work, while In the dim background stood an empty coffin. The lid was half off, and within could be seen the winding-sheet and grave clothes. The pallid, marbled features . of the corpse were drawn In a mirthless smile, as though death had come swiftly and unex pectedly. A single ray of sunlight fell aslant the sightless blue eyes; all else; was a mono tone of cold grey. It was horrible. He seemed to see the whole thing, from the striking of the murder ous blow to the fiendish energy that the artist and murderer threw into the work. He star ed long at She thipg until a footstep without, followed immediately by a tap upon the door, brought him to a knowledge 'of his surround ings. He rose hastily, and pushed the thing behind the. bookcase. Then he went over and opened the door. A man entered, ' clad ' in a long travelling ulster, and smoking a huge briar. -Just this moment arrived!" lie' cried, fling ing his cap on the table, and settling hlmBelf in a chair. "Why, Everett, eld man, .what's the matter? Seen a ghost?" "Yes," replied the journalist, grasping "the proffered hand. "I have seen a ghost!'! ' . "Pooh! Liver, I should say. Well, I thought I'd come on to you flrst, because, you see, I'm off again to-morrow. 'Here to-day and gone to- morrow.' That's the way i»eople moralise when they feel particularly happy, isn't it?" "Hum! You seem happy enough. What's the news from the gay capital, Whltmore; anything?" Everett went back to h!» seat. ."What's stirring?" "Everything and nothing. Paris Is not Paris— at ioast, as we knew It years ago. How many yoars, I wonder? Oh, .by the way, do you remember a man named Curran? "Used to be at the Beaux Arts." \ "Curran! What about him?" "The man who was always painting creepy things." V "Yes, yes. Goon!" "Well, the poor wretch's got; arrested for murder. The thing's the talk o' the town." "Murder !; echoed Everett, in an awed tone. . j "Yes. You know, it's my- opinion ' the , map's not quite right here." He tapped his "fore head with the mouthpiece of his pipe. "I've thought so for years past." "Who ?" "Well of course, that's the story they're talking about. An artist's model, of all per sons." "Go on!" ! "It's a very strange story, and I may as | Oil say at once I don't believe It. The con- i jrge of the house lie ; was lodging at Is the Inclpal witness against blm. She and the B odel were friends, and about a week after the latter disappeared she saw Curran put ting the finishing touches to a most gruesome picture.' She examined the thing over his shoulder, and'to her great horro'r tho woman in the picture was a portrait of her missing friend, ivoll, she thought the matter over for a day, and then decided to go to the Pre fecture." "Well?" \ "Somehow he must have got wind of what was afoot.; At nny rate, when they came to search his' rooms the picture had vanished completely// fie mu'st: have destroyed It." "But Is there no other evidence?" : "None. Oh, there was . a method in his madness! He succeeded, supposing the wo man's'' story pf the picture true, In removing every -trace of his crime." "Do y'ou -believe It?" He asked the question with difficulty. "No— o. It's " "It's true!" Everett said. "True! How the deuce do you know that?" Everett made no answer. "Look here, old man," the other wentr on, with concern, "you're not quite the thing to night. I ithlnk. I'd better he off. Take a friend's advice,' and put in a . good night's rest." . . He. reached across for Ills cap, "No, no; don't go." "I'm awfully, sorry I mentioned that stupid yarn about Curran," . "IMs true, I tell you!" The colour had fled from his face, and his voice was hoarse and sepulchral. , ' . Whltmore rose from his seat, and came and stood' over him, placing a hand on his shoul der. "Poor old fellow!" he said; "I begin to think you have been seeing ghosts." "It's true!" Everett repeated again. "I should like to know how you know that," said his friend, slowly. ' The journalist passed his trembling hand behind, the bookcase, and drew out 'the pic ture, He handed It over without a word. Whltmore examined the thing for a moment, then he faced round upon, his friend with a sharp cry, "Good heavens! Everett— .that woman- she " . "Yes," replied the Journalist, quietly, "she was my wife I" "But this!" he cried, holding the canvas at arm's length. "What do you intend " For answer the Journalist snatched it from his hand and split the thing over his knee. Then he threw the broken pieces into the blazing fire. 1 . 