TUBF GFOSSIP. By MBBLEDEN. The Victorian: dab was in luck's way on Saturday. If the north wind was rather boisteroiis, the bright sunshine was very grateful, and Mr. Buckley and his com mittee had the pleasure of welcoming a large number of visitors to Caulfidd. The popular course never looked better, the overflowing lagoons in the middle adding materially to its picturesqueness. It was a surprise, after his failure at Mentone, to find Roscommon favourite for the Hamble ton Handicap, but I daresay that Lewis's presence in the saddle had something to do with it. Anyway, Roscommon never had a chance. But in this regard Roscommon was not alone. As a matter of fact, no thing had the ghost of a chance with Spin drift, who had the field at his mercy from the home turn, and won in a canter. Spindrift was one of the first racehorses owned by Colonel Campbell, but the colo nel never won a race with him, and sold him for 50 guineas to his present owner, to whom he has been very useful in keep ing the pot a-boiling. Roscommon 9eems to have developed a temper, and is a long remove from his sisters, Roseleaf and Moss Rose-two of the finest-looking mares in Australia. Pretorius got off badly, and ran last all the way; but he will improve on this form. Opposed only by Rosemont and Bingara, the Hurdle Race just suited Beau Brum mel, who used to be sheltered under the same roof as Spindrift. Bingara and Rose mont hardly seemed able to get out of their own way, as the saying is, and Beau Brummel (who has been called many bad names, deservedly or otherwise) had them beaten from the word "Go!" Mr. S. Miller does not appear to have got much of a bargain in Rosemont, but his running served to show that he ought to have beaten Bingara at Flemington on the pre vious Saturday. Heiress and Cornquist were supposed to have the Victorian Club Handicap between them; but while they were dawdling in the rear Fast Lady got a good break, and was allowed to run away wifch the prize. Cornquist's form was too bad to be tftie; perhaps he. may contradict it to-day. The race well illustrated the truth of the old saying that a horse may give weight, but not distance. Fast Lady's victory was something akin to a fluke. Tremolo has not been seen in a winning vein for more than 12 months; and his suc cess in the Steeplechase, therefore, was well deserved. Haut Ton and Quatre Bras came to grief after clearing the first fence. This was bad luck,as both hadchances. The IHawarra Stakes, as the selling race was entitled, looked the best of good things for Blue Cap H., but, as has been truly re mained by somebody, "there are a lot of holes in a tea-foot ladder," and-well, the race did not work out in accordance with backers' anticipations. The bookmakers [were always ready to deal liberally with the supporters of the favourite, who ran in a spiritless way, without dash. The winner turned up in Surprise, who still has a bib of form, despite his old age. Another sur prise was in store in the Welter Handicap, Borromeo, who has disappointed his stable times without number, winning all ends up. Borromeo is by Enfilade from Haidee of the Hills, the dam of St. George, Driffield, and Embrasure, and is trained by E. Power,, j who, I am glad to say, is gradually recover ing from a severe attack of influenza. The other day I dropped in to see Hum phrey Bellamy, who, since he severed his connection with the Messrs. Miller, hag gradually been getting a string -of horses together? and now-his stables lit East Mal vern are full to overflowing-no more can be accommodated, at any rate, for the present. This must* be very satisfactory to Bellamy, especially as his patrons are of the' best sort-men who never bet, or if they do bet, bet very little. In (such cir cumstances a trainer's lot must be a com paratively happy one. In selecting Bel lamy as .his trainer, Mr. J. 2f. JkFArthur has* I think, done well. Mr. M'Arthur buys a few well-bred yearlings every sea son; and if they are capable, it. is ibis plea sure/to see them win,. He has no other consideration whatever-a profit dees not enter into his calculations, if a sportsman can be called a . calculator, which I beg leave to doubt. The two are as wide as the poles asunder. Mr. M'Aithnr'a .horses consist of Chesilton, by Bill of Portland from Cooya,. Verne (sister to BobadH), Table Talk, 'by Gang Forward from Ssqiafi Talk; and Pert " Ellen,*" TAit" they are all Backward, «od wilt not be seen&t; ihkj£./. ibest forborne. time. 2*wo other hots^qSx' jMr., MiArthttrr8-Alva andLandUdy-have'., gone into 1fi Musgrave'a stable- Bellamy [had not room for them. Port Ellen is ;a two-year-old filly by Bill of Portland :from Kate Craig (sister te Hainault), ,by Pilgrim's Progress, and alctaagh small, shows all the quality of Bill of Portland's stock. Another two-year-old is First Blood, nqt unlike his sire, from a sister to Neva, byMalua. Perhaps the most Interesting hors£ in Bellamy's charge is Our Bobs, who is very closely related to Chelsea; m feet, they might be described asfull brothers, Chel aea being by Porteea-(Portsea, by Neckers gat from lady Lovelace, by Gang Forward from -Ada)-from. Elsie N"., and Our Bobs ?by Annesley (son of Neckersgat and Ada) from Chelsea's dam. Our Bobs is a year younger than Chelsea (whom he resembles in colour), bat has greater length, and being well let down, fie can hardly fail to do well between the flags. Our Bobs has been him ted almost regularly this season, and shows great proficiency in jumping,' When Chelsea was sold as a foal his dam, Elsie N., was bought by a patron of Bellamy's for £43. Since then the mare (who is about 22 years old) has had a good-looking chest nut colt foal by Patron; then she missed twice to Porteea, but this season she is to be mated with Chelsea's sire again. The other horses in Bellamy's charge are Bin gara, Clyde, Alort Avis, Jujube, Urbanity, and Headland, who will, no doubt, be able to pick up a few crumbs during the season. Bright and genial weather prevailed at Men tone, and after the recent Arctic ex periences the change was very agreeable to racing men, who mustered in good force; but the competition was far from keen, and in some instances the bookmakers "stood to be shot at." They had a rough time at the expense of backers. "Why, they're cutting us up like pork!"'was the quaint remark of one of the sufferers. Solem had a very easy task in the Trial Handicap, in which Flying Fox was slow to find his legs; yet he ran well, and will improve. Be loka was ridden in a peculiar way in the Hurdle Race. Although favourite, he was rather shaky in the betting; but he won, and- no horse can do more. Roscommon was a red-hot favourite for the Flying Han dicap, but the briiiiant pace of which he was said to be the possessor was not dis coverable, and he was beaten not only by Victory, but by Spat, who ran unkindly. Victory hails from Sydney, and is evidently smart over a short course. Liberty played circus at the post, and eventually got off badly; but he was bang up at the finish, and with ordinary luck he must have won. Bones was reckoned the best of the mode rate trio that stripped for the Steeple chase, and, clearing the last fence with a substantial lead, long odds were laid on him; but Douglas persevered with Fish hook, and had the satisfaction of beating the favourite on the post. Douglas may not be a pretty rider, but he gets a lot out of a horse. George Cox had Brighton looking very well for the Jumpers' Flat Race, and the old horse's condition pulled him through successfully. The owner of the second horse, Iowah, objected to Brigh ton for interference, but the objection was promptly overruled; and A. Smith, who rode Brighton, also won the last race, the Welter Handicap, on Skipper, who met with, but little opposition. The Rosehill meeting brought out several Epsom Handicap and Metropolitan candi dates/ and while some were beaten others showed brilliant form, Reviver and Dandy in particular. Dandy's victory in the Spring Stakes was achieved without an effort. Behind him were Hautesse, The Chief, Haulette, St. Clare, &c.; Dandy must be in great trim, and he promises to play a very conspicuous part in the Epsom Handicap. So does Reviver, whose success in the Parramatta Handicap af fords proof of a return to form. As a . two-year-old Reviver was very smart, but he failed every time he ran last season. Reviver is a half-brother, by Clan Stuart, to Survivor, who has had all sorts of op probrious epithets hurled at him in Eng land. Lamond's stable also turned oat the . winner of the Rosehill August Handicap Rickshaw*, by Lochi^l. Among the beaten division were Joh arisen, Horace, War God, Woodlark, and Hi Hi.' Rickshaw is en gaged in the Metropolitan at the same Weight he carried on Saturday, 6st. 121b., but he- did not accept for the Epsom Han dicap. Presumably his stable companion Reviver has a better chance. In the Wel ter Handicap, won by Clydon, Private Wil lis took part, but he was not in the betting, and made no show. But he is not likely to return from Sydney empty-handed. The Granville Stakes fell to Iodine, a half sister to Merman, whom Mr. Mate bought as a yearling for 130 guineas. This is the first race the filly has won in Mr. Slate's colours. Referring to the Liverpool Cup and Mr.. White's threat to scratch Old Clo' (a threat .which, was carried out), "Kettledrum," of the "Sporting Chronicle," said:-"Mr._White declines to accept the situation that a horse is public property until he enters the paddock-a theory, I fear, that if generally accepted would put a complete extinguisher on the already li mited ante-post betting. Should every owner who thought he was havingthe worst of the market exercise hia. extreme ,» right of scratching, a turf revolution would " ensue of startling nature. 'Fas: dating back years the chary of mwinting. in thft kets. Let Mr. White's theories gr ow generally the clubs, be chd-' racter Gf ^ to ^. find thoserrot wyii^ the i^per calling tile tune Cut the not be eliminated from human concerns, and remembering the case of Georgic at Manchester and Newmarket I do not think that 'Mr. H. C. White has in the main rea sonable ground for complaining of forestal ment." Here's some more ou the same subject from the "Sporting Times":-"Mr. ill. C. White's threat to scratch Old Clo' for the Liverpool Cup, because she was first favourite for that event, is after the style and manner of Mr. Calvert, whose career on the turf was not long in coming to an untimely end. Mr. White has been long enough in England to know that for an owner to avow that he keeps horses in the main for betting purposes, and that he will not ran them unless the market suits him, is not in accordance with the principles that actuatc English gentlemen in their dealings with the turf. When we find an attempt made to prostitute racing to bet ting, we shall never fail to express the hope that the days of (he offender ou the turf will not be long. For what reason did Mr. White enter Old Clo' and accept with hei for the Liverpool Cup unless it was to run her? She is not a dark horse, and the public can see her chance as well as he can. To scratch her, therefore, because she is a favourite would be something more than to be 'considered' unsportsmanlike, as Mr. White puts it. It would be an outrage that no gentleman would commit. In these matters Mr. White must take the rough with the smooth. The public will not always look on while heavy bets at long odds are being taken, as was the case when Mr. White Avon the Cambridgeshire with Georgic. What strikes us more parti cularly in connection with his letter to the 'Sportsman,' in whicli he threatens not to run Old Clo', is its appalling folly. What it really amounts to is an address to the hamlicappers to the eifect that Oid Cio' has such a great chance that he will not run her unless he can back her well. If Mr. White now fails to take the goods the gods have provided hftn, it is to be hoped that, the next time he puts the mare in a race he wiil find that the iiandicappers have not forgotten why she did not run for this one." The meeting at Aspeudalc-park afforded a pleasant outing, the sunny weather that prevailed attracting a good attendance. Jngeegoodbie did not travel well in the betting ou the Hurdle Race, but after lying away back for the greater part of the journey he won with som?thi:)g in hand. On pulling up it was noticed that Ingee goodbie was lame. Solem was most in de mand for the Trial Handicap, but he made a poor show, and Gambil, being for once in the humour, won easily. Fast Lady again displayed her paces iu the Aspendale park Handicap, and Early Morn had an easy task in the Jumpers' Flat Race. Chartreuse had never before tackled big fences, but he jumped as if to the manner born, and won the Steeplechase without au effort. Tremolo blundered on to his knees opposite the stand, but Barbour kept his seat, and went on with the chase. The concluding event, the Welter Handicap, went to the favourite, Marine, a very use ful horse, by Mainsail from Maluina, by Malua from Verdure, by Bethnal Green, in John O'Brien's stable. 