j Short Story. , I A Horrible Fright. \ r---- Tj. T. MEADE, .in "The Strand." ; ' . . I don't think I am at all. nervous, and. H'. . therefore, wlieu 1 say that I am aibont i to describe two houns _of absolute agony I .hope. my readers will believe that the eircumstajiees were at the best excep- tioual, and will still give- me credit for beiiig at least as brave as most girls of my age. I have always despised so- called nerves. When a child I quite -loved to sleep in the dark. At school I was the prime mover of ghost stories, and I \- , remember now tba't sonie of my prac- tical jokes verged strangely upon the r unkind and even dangerous. I have been educated quire up 'to modern ideas, r It is ouiy a year since I left Girton, and I am now comfortably established at > home with my father and mother. I am Hie only daughter, and n:m between 23 : and 24_ years . -of age. We live in a large place about an hour's ride by rail from London.. I fliave my own special ;; , house, and a little pony carriage ; be- j : sides for my exclusive use. I also liave . . . ray study or boudoir, and can order what books I please for my owu benefit, not only from ;Mudie,,but from the local booksellers. I am passionately fond of. music, and can play two or three in- \- stru mentis. I think I can say, without y . any false pride, that my performances -, on the ' j violin are na'ttiea.- betlter than . ' those of most amateurs. I am wilso / great a't all kinds of outdoor sports " and games. I am the champion player of the tennis club to which I belong, and I am at the present time success fully getting up a lady's golf dub. Iii short, I think I may truly say of my- self that I represent the average, up-to- date, well- edricated, rattier strong- minded, ynimtfteearbh-'cen'tury girl. Now, 2- must tell 'about my fi'ighL You can imagine that It must have been . y something special to put me into such a State of terror tha't I cannot think of it even. now without idiudderiiig. I received an invitation late last au to' tax mn to go to see my grandfather, Who . lives iii Dublin. (My mother did not v pai'tkularly wish me to go. I x-eally tililink mothers amist have premonitions, fox there was no apparent reason for my not taking such a simple and easlly- v accomplished journey. I had been : abroad a- good <taa3, and had bad. adveni- taxres . nxoi'e than one; therefore. when . my mother fretted hex-self about my going fx-om London to Dublin, via Holy head, I could not help laughing a't ilier. " If you must go alone," Virginia," she ; said, "had you not better travel by day ?" " Oh, nonscnise. nonsense," I said. "I hate travelihg by day, particularly by a route Which I already know. Besides, it 'is such "a. waste of timer At night one can sleep and travel together'. Dlx, say no more about it dear, good motihei'. I'll take 1flie night mail from EuSton, Hi is evening, and have break- to to. fast with grandfather in the morning." ''"My mother made no further remon strances, but I heard 'her sighing in -the to.--; most aggravating, style, and I knew she was murmuring to herself abont my headstrongness a.ud how I never would listen to reason. Nothing makes me so obstinate as those, muttered i-emonstraoices. ..of my relatives. Are they afraid of me, that they dont speak out ? I ani always amenable to reason, but when people to. mutter over me, then I become simply mulish. I -adore my dear mother, but .even for her I cannot be expected to give up my owii way when I hear her muttering 'tha't ' ft is . " Just like Vir ginia." My things were packed, and I started off in good time. to catch the night mail ' at Euston. " You had better go in one of the ladies', carriages," said my father. I quite gasped in horror when lie \- -made this audacious proposal. "Now, -do you suppose I am likely to . do anything quite so old- maidish ?" I : replied. " No, I have fixed on the exact corner where I shall snooze away from "Huston to Holyhead." I led my father, as I spoke, to a carriage, where two old gentlemen had already comfortably es tablished themselves. They had spread out their rugs, and taken complete pos session of- the corners which were out v : of the draught I wais oblivious to draughts, and dhose my corner opposite the old gentleman who was nearest to the entrance door. My father supplied me with three or four evening papers. I had an uncut hovel 'in my bag, mud a little reading-lamp, which I could fasten to .the window Jedge. Two or three moments later I (had said farewell " to my father, amd the great express- Hie Wild Irish" Girl— bad steamed in grand style out of the station. I like the feeling of being whii'led through space in' an express train goixig at the top of its speed. I looked at the evening papers. Their contents did not .specially interest me. I then gazed at my opposite neighbour. He was very stout and very red. He tucked his tra velling rug tightly about him, and be fore we had passed Whlesden waLs fast asleep. He made a distressing noiise witli his loud snores, and I thought him decidedly Irritating. For a moment or , two I almost regretted that I had not gone in an empty ladies' carriage. The other old gentleman was scarcely a more agreeable travelling companion. He had a noisy cougax, and a bad cold. He blew his nose, and he coughed about every two minutes, and then lie looked around him to see if there were any . possible draughts. He not only shut his own window but the ventilator above as well, and then he glared at the ventilator which belonged to the .snoring old gentleman and me. I made up my mind that that ventilator should only he shut over xny fallen body. The express went on its way without let or hindrance. Now and then it . swayed from side to side, as if its own great speed were making it giddy ; then again it steadied itself, and I'uslied on and on with a rhythmic sort of motion, which was infinitely soothing, and .caused me to forget my two uninter esting companions, and to sink gradu ally iat the land of dreams. I was awakened presently from ouite a sound nap by the slowing of the train. It was coming into a great station, which L found was Chester. We must have passed Crewe while I was asleep. V jiy two companions were now all alive arid brisk. They were fastening up their rugs and folding their papers, nud I saw that they intended to leave the : . train. -- » If you are going on to Holyhead," '- said the snoring one to me, "you have ' ten minutes to wait here— quite lime to "Ct a cup often, if you want one.". i" thanked him; and thought 'that I would carry his suggestion into effect. , A cup of tea would be perfect, and would set me up for the remainder of my journey. I. accordingly stepped on to the platform and went over the bridge to the great waiting-rooms, which presented at this time a gay scene of eager, hungry, fussy men and women sitting at tables, and standing alt counibei-s. each and all of them eating and drinking for bare life. I ordered- my tea, drank i t standing a't tllie con niter, paid for it, aud ailiso fox -a bun, whiicli I carried away with me in a paper bag, and returned to my carriage. I saw a heap of rags and a large black bag deposited In the comer away from mine, and wondered wd'tfli a faiixt passing curiosity who my new 'travelling companion was likely to be. The guard came up at this .moment. to see if I weiu comfortable. He said that xv e would mot stop again until- we reached Holyhead, and asked me if I wanted for anything. I said " No." " Perhaps you'd like mo, to lock the carriage door, miss ?" he said. " The train us not too full to-night, and I can manage it." I laughed and pointed to the rags and bag urn tflxe opposite corner. " Somebody has already taken posses sion," I said. " But if yon wish, amiss, ,I'll put those things in another carnage," said the guard. "No, no," I replied, "I don't rnSlikl company in the least." Just then my fellow-traveller pxilt in rin appeiairuce. He was a big man, wrapped up in a great ulsifcer and wi th n muffler round his throat and mouth. The guard looked a't him, I thought, a. little susplcli'onsly. This made xne angry. I have no patience with those squmtmMx girls who think evexy main Who sees 'ttvenx must offer them either nidmiraition. or insult. I looked very, cheerful, made way for the traveller to take his seat, and smiled -and thanked the guard. A nxomen't later the train started on its way. (To be concluded 