WEIR LAST ADVENTURE; Or, The End of a Desperate Gang. — A STORY OF THE EARLY DAYS. BY V. Iv. OMr. ; CHAPTER I. I you Mounted-Con stable I Nolan?" asked tlie in- kjMKfe trailer, as lie rnslieil nn- jgygl ceremoniously iiito the weatherboard policc-sta- tion of the little busk if township. " Ave you the 3tfr in charge ?" He was a wild-looking, customer, and a an oF powerful physique, dressed in ajjli moleskins and Crimean shirt, with inva-y-looking felt hat that had seen n-li service in its day. .lie was labor- umler some heavy excitement, in iliiili fenr seemed to be playing a con- jhoiis part. " Are you alone?" be continued, hnr- ffilly, without waiting for an answer to first qnestion, as lie shut the door he al liiin and faced the constable, who Wi'il his unexpected and strange visitor iiiii some suspicion. "\es. I am Constable Nolan. But Ait the devil is up with you that you u-Ii in upon a fellow after that fashion Mfymi had seen Thunderbolt's ghost ?" "1 have seen worse than the ghost of a iaUmsliraiiger. I have seen the faces iiliriv live ones !" "Ihcu that was like standing face to if with your own ghost, my friend, if it yon say he true." "Hint ii was, mate, and that's just wiU wanted to see you about." "Sit down, my man," and. when you wahle to lituL breath I'll be ready to den to yon." llit' man gladly accepted the proffered Mir.aml, .wiping the perspiration from his typing lace, sat down, lie had a strong, ngi'il tare, almost; covered with a thick H'.v heard, falling down upon a hare ton. which was bronzed with exposure »tlif lini winds and the pitiless Australian r'!l- He looked a typical fossicker, this Mjh biishnian — a man who had spent ®oiol his life away hack, hunting for tyfi of alluvial deposits in. the gullies, jdor tho signs of outcropping reefs on wild spurs of the inaccessible ranges. t though rough, was an honest anil well aiile to hear scrutiny ; and tonsiahle Nolan thought, as he Mi , '''f while they sat facing /Ii oilier in the short silence that fol- Wt'il. _ Milan was a shrewd officer who had nuirh service, principally in the jty'rv. and his bush experience bringing contact occasionally with the l s"'t' '" buman nature, lie was a >' observer of men and a keen judge of Mi'tor. Me fl-as chosen for this place . possitin Gnlly — only a few months Wi;' 111 H'e hope that he would be able cpe with a lawless gang wlio fre- quented the neighborhood, and whose principal recreation of eattle duffing was fast becoming a serious menace to the honest settlers for miles around. The gang was supposed to have its head quarters in tho Bnllengnrook ranges, and this was the neighborhood on which the mounted trooper now kepthis eye, though he was stationed more than "half-a-dozen miles awa v. ""Well," he inquired, after allowing the other due time to recover his breath, what's the trouble, my man ? What can I do for you?" Seeing that the man hesitated a moment, lie contiuucd : "In the first place, what's your name, and where do you hang out, my friend ?" " My name is Lavender — Bill Lavender. I have 110 doubt you have heard of me. I have been fossicking away back in the ranges a few miles from here ever since the fellow whose place you took left Opossum Gully." "What! "Dummy Bill.' the lone digger at the mount ? Yes. I have heard of you, as you rightly guess, my man. i even visited your tent a few days ago, hut saw no signs of life about when 1 was there." Lavender started and looked sus piciously at the constable. '"'You need not he alarmed, my man. I was only seeking for information about- some friends of mine in whom I take a little interest occasionally, arid thought that perhaps you might he able lopntme on their track. I wasn't in search of your secrets, if yon have any that trouble your conscience." " I have no secrets," spoke Lavender, resentfully, at least none that I'd care a. dump if they were known to all the bohliies from here to Melbourne. I don't care, for alltliat, to have the police hang ing aroniul my place. It gives people who don't know a fellow a had impression oF liiin." " I'eople who have nothing to . bide don't usually feel as yon do, my friend. However, that's neither here nor there — an honest, man has a right, no doubt, to choose his visitors. I ask you again, what's the trouble, and where do I come in ?" " What would yon say if the trouble concerns the very men — the friends, as you called them a minute ago— you are so anxious to spot ? "What would you say if the hell-hounds, from whom I rescued a poor follow by a miracle an hour ago, were the very men you were anxious to find when you visited my tent a lew days ago?" " I'd say that the news would he the best I heard for a month of' Sundays. And I'd say, also, that you'd be well paid for your information." ""Confound your pay ! I don't want your blood-money 1 I'd go through fire and water, all the same, to help you nab these scoundrels." '" Eor one who is credited with being dumb, you can make a vigorous, use of your tongue," laughed Nolan, interrupt ing the speaker. " I suppose you were under a vow and have 311st been ab solved !" Then seeing by Hie dark seowl oh the fugged face of his companion that plea sant vies won hi be resented, lie hastened to add : " i will be thankful for your help, and shall aid 3011 in wreaking your ven geance on these men." " 1 have no vengeance to wreak upon them, mate.' for J don't even know the men ; nor did I ever see them before to night. I wisli .you to understand tin's, constable, and to give me credit for a better motive. Rough and all as I am, there is something under my Crimean shirt hero" — and he struck his loft breast vigorously as lie- spoke — " that urges mc to do the right; thing without hope of pay or Government reward." "I beg your pardon, friend," and Nolan stretched out his hand frankly, which the other took after a moment's hesitation, " I have judged you wrongly. In ninety-nine eases out of every hun dred, however, I would have judged aright," A look of gratified pride came over the face of Lavender as lie listened. " Say no more about it, mate. As it is, wo are losing valuable time that we may have to regret later 011. I am going to tell you of as cruel and devilish a deed as even you ever listened to wit h all your experience of crime and criminals." "Mold on a minute, 1113' lad! Won't yon take something before you begin ? Your face looks as white as if it was pipeclayed." .Lavender raised 110 serious objection to this proposal, and a large square bottle according' made its appearance from the cupboard. Half a tumbler of Hollands was poured out, which Lavender took neat, tossing it off with evident relish. "Now. then, I'm read3'," he spoke, before the last drop had well made its disappearance. Nolaii, who was standing, put awaTtlie bottle,' and, taking a seat in front pf his visitor, prepared to listen. - " Something more than two hours ago," lie began. "I was in the neighborhood of Gisborne, and 011 the oilier side of the railway line, when I met three men driving a herd of cattle at a smart pace in the direction of Lancefield. I spoke, lint they never answered, turning their heads away to avoid recognition, as I thought. I'hey were rough-looking fel lows. and I had my suspicions that they were iii to 110 good. Crossing the line shortly afterwards, about two miles 011 the Itiddcll's Creek side, I was startled to hear deep groaning like the sound of a fellow-being in suffering. " Oii looking about me, I was able to see, after a little time, a. dark object lying about a dozen yards from me. 1 Inula lot of trouble to make it out he- cause of its position. Only fertile faint cry that was repeated when I. was just: turning 11 way disappointed, I would have gone as I had conn? without being able to discover anything. " It proved to he a man — a man tied down 011 the rails hands and feet ! I fe lay across -the track bound firmly with a clothes-line to rails and sleepers. I took out my matchbox and struck a light before I was able to discover this. By this time the man-was quiet, appoamg'to me to have j$st fainte.djiu- his tefror.OE tlie fate that tyasya waitiii A Tiun," for the night train frohi' Melbourne to Be'ndigo could even thoifMie ; Heard .tlinndering along in the disfance%BerdiayiiigIlert the Riddell's Creek station. "The sweat stood in big heads upon 1113 forehead when I I'ull3' understood the awful death that was coming down at Hie rate of half a mile a minute upon the poor wretch who lay before me helpless and in the dark. I whipped out my knife, which I had some difficulty in opening! my bauds trembled so much in my excitement, as the roar of the ap proaching train grew louder and louder, tilling my ears with a noise like thunder. ' " I slashed away at the rope, aud hail just succeeded in freeing both wrists as well as the right foot, when the knife dropped from 1113' hand, and I groped for it in Vain in the dark. There was 110 time to light a match. The great glare of the lamp was already blinding me 11s the engine eame tearing onwards." Scarcely knowing what I was doing in nir great excitement, I dragged the body clear of the outer rail, to which the 1 left foot, however, was still pinioned. 1" straggled desperately to free it, pulling for all I was worth. But I could only succeed in easing the knot a little and lengthening the loop. Not a second, how ever, was to he lost, so I turned him over 011 his face, stretched myself down b' his hod% which now lay in a ' line with the rails, held 011 with all 1113" strength to the tethered leg. and waited. "I wasn't, a moment too soon either. A deafening, stunning crash filled my ears for a few "seconds, anil then J rolled over and down the slight embankment, while . the train passed onward, leaving me dazed and stupid for a moment. " 1 shook my;self together and struck a match, expecting to find a severed or at least a braised and broken foot; lmt, to my jor, I saw instead the shattered rope ground to powder, and the man lying senseless and unharmed by my side. His foot: was just clear of the line, and when the rope gave way we both rolled over. Until .1 lit the match I had 110 idea of what had really happened." Lavender paused a moment, wiping the perspiration from his forehead, which began to gather afresh at this time. " What do you stop for, man ? Don't 3'ou see that I'm bursting with impa tience. By heavens, if it be as I suspect, I'll hunt the wretches down, if it takes me from now to the Da' of Jndgment ! Go on, man, I'm waiting." ' After a few minutes," continued Lavender, controlling his own feelings with an effort, "the poor fellow came round and was able to talk a bit. He told mc in a few words how he came to be in such a tight plnce."- " What's his name? Did ho tell 3'on his name?" asked Nolan, in excitement. " Yes, Cameron — Aliclc Cameron, of the Bald Hill. He was riding across from the Belinda, station, when lie met three men driving a mob of about fifteen head of cattle. H e knew the cattle, and lie knew the men better, two of them at least, for it was then scarcely dusk, and lie challenged them at once with "duffing." High words followed, aud the end of it was that he threatened to have them lagged for their night's work; " Before he guessed their intention he was knocked off his horse and hound hand and foot. They dragged him to the line, having agreed hurriedly to silence his tongue after the inhuman fashion Itold you." " The cruel, bloodthirsty wretches !" cried Nolan passionately. " Who could think of such a fiendish revenge unless perfect devils entirely? Well, what nappened after this? I suppose they cleared off, the cowards, and left him to his fate." " That they did — they rode off coolly, after taunting the poor fellow with the information that the Bendigo traiii would be coming along in less thanhalf-au-hour. " Few men, I suppose, ever suffered what he did for the next quarter of an hour. He had no idea, he said, of how the time passed. All he knew was that every minute seemed to be a life-time, or, at least, to have a life-time's memory crowded into it. "Presently he heard a faint sound, which began to grow louder by degrees, until he could see at length, by raising his head a little, the bright head-light of the approaching train, which grew stronger eacli moment, until at last it dazzled him with its blinding rays, so close was it upon him, He shut his eyes, and then a roaring sound filled his ears as the train eame dashing down on him, and then, thundering onwards, rushed away in the darkness. " It proved to be a special on the other line, living past on its way to Mel bourne. ' "By the powers ! What a squeak he had! No wonder he fainted, poor fel low, when he saw the wild eye of that cruel monster, which would polish him off in a jiffy, glaring at him in the dark ness. Where did you leave him ?" asked Nolan, suddenly. " He went in search of his horse, and promised to wait for ns at the railway crossing, where he met the cowardly thieves a little earlier. Wc can then follow up the trail, which is still hot." " He didn't mention their names — did he?" " Never a name ; but he knows them, all the same, as I told you. Poor devil ! His knowledge nearly cost him liis life !" Nolan jumped to his feet. " Ton have no horse, I suppose ?" " Not the ghost of a moke !" "But you can ride, of course?" " Like a book," and Lavender smiled, as much as to say — " I have done a thing or two in that line in my day, as many a man knows to his cost." Without another word the trooper leftj the room, crossed to the shanty over the way, made his way to 'the stable at the rear, and returned in less time than it takes to tell, leading a horse fully equipped for the road. " Here, Lavender," lie said, hurriedly, "hold this impatient brute, and I'll be with you while you'd be saying ' Jack Bobinson.' " In a few minutes be returned with his own horse, then, entering the station room, lie secured a pair of revolvers and his carbine, all of which he examined carefully to see that tliey were loaded, after which he again appeared before his companion. Giving one of the revolvers to Lavender, he vaulted lightly into the saddle, dug the spurs into his horse's sides, and swept out of the village, closely followed by the other, to whom this sudden dash came as a surprise. Before they had well cleared the town ship, Nolan eased down a bit in order to let liis companion come up with liim. The latter, though well mounted, was at some disadvantage, however, for the tooper's horse was a splendid animal, well groomed and well cared for, and capable of outstripping any horse for twenty miles around. It was now approaching midnight, and in less than half-an-hour they arrived at the railway crossing whore tliey were lo meet Cameron. He was there awaiting them, but there was no horse to bear him company. " The mean scrubbers have marched off with my horse," he said, by way of greeting when they eame up. " Gone off with your horse !" exclaimed Nolan, in surprise. " "What madness to burden themselves with a horse tliey didn't want. If they shot him I wouldn't be a bit surprised, but to cucumber them selves with a horse they didn't require was the height of folly." " He'll come in handy for them, after a wee bit, when they are hard pressed," Cameron remarked, " for thcre'snotahorsc in the district — unless yours — that can showBurnsideacleaupair of heels," andhe pointed to the trooper's horse when in stituting this comparison. " Do you know the fellows, and do you think you would be able to identify them?" asked Nolan somewhat anxiously. "Two of them I could swear to any where — the third kept his face masked, aud I couldn't make out who he was, though he was the leader." " And the other two — do they belong to these parts ?" "Bather — one of them is young Car ter — " " "What ! the splitter on Doran's selec tion! By Jove, who'd have thought it ? And the other — tell me who the other was !" " The other was Buckley, the ostler at the Piper's Creek pub — the fellow that was sacked from tho police two or tlirec years ago for robbing a drunken shearer in the lock-up at Gisborne." "Good heavens! and to think that I never suspected these fellows! Why, young Carter is the last man in the colony I'd suspect. After that, I'll never trust to appearances again." "He was led away, no doubt," spoke tho forgiving Cameron, half apolo getically. "Bad company has ruined many a good lad before to-day." " And Buckley, too," resumed Nolan, indignantly. " Why, the infernal traitor was in receipt of five bob a week from myself, with nothing to do but keep his weather eye open. I'll open it for the skunk before the sun sets to-morrow, or my name isn't Bob Nolan, and he shook the reins loose as he spoke, while he listened to the laughter that greeted his confidential disclosure. " I am sony that you cannot be in at the death, Cameron ; but it can't be helped, I suppose," and he dashed off, ffbllowod by Lavender, leaving a cloud of dust behind them that enveloped Cameron in its folds as he stood watching their departure. When it cleared away they were already out of sight. For fully a quarter of an hour the pace at which they started was kept up, the trooper still in advance. Becognising, however, the folly of knocking up their horses so early in the chase, which might prove to be a lengthened one, Nolan slackened his pace and allowed the other to come up. " The trail here is as wide as the road," remarked Lavender, " and should it con tinue like this, there oughtn't to be much trouble in running them down — ought there ?" " But it may not continue, mate. The leader is no raw Cornstalk, nor is he likely to throw a chance away. We have tile moon in our favor, however, or we might unsaddle the horses at once and sit down by the roadside, for all that we could do." The road here suddenly forked off, one branch leading towards Sunbury, and the other shooting off in a northerly direc tion, bearing direct for Lancefield and the country lying beyond. To the astonishment of the pursuers, the tracks, instead of leading to Mel- bourne here, followed the other route. " What's to pay now, lad ?" Nolan called out in surprise. "What's their little game now, I wonder ? Lancefield is 110 safe market for their wares. Tliey must be mad, surely." "Not so, mate," broke in his com panion. "These fellows didn't come down with the last shower. They are about to lie low while the scent is hot. I'm willing to wager a leg of mutton to a bunch of turnips that I know where the plant is to be put up, for the next day or two at any rate. They are making for the ranges between Bonisey aud Kilniore, or I'm a Dutchman, friend." Nolan thought a moment. " I don't say but you're right, mate. They will probably break up the little mob into three parts. By this means tliey may hope to dispose of them quietly and without causing any fuss." " If my suspicions are right," put in Lavender, " the place they are heading for is secure enough for days to come, or weeks for that matter. If they can only provide themselves with a supply of grub, their chances of avoiding pursuit couldn't be better than in those ranges, every foot of which I know like A B C." " That's lucky, lad, for I don't know a foot of the country about here. The ranges yon speak of I have never even heard of." For some time they rode on in silence, reaching in due course the village of Bomsey, then only a few scattered houses. " Just as I expected," cried Lavender, with satisfaction, when Bomsey lay a couple of miles behind them. " Just as I expected," and he looked joyously at the trail which here branched off: to t he right, and turned in the direction of the creek, about a mile from the main road. "It's a roundabout way of doing it, but they'll get there all the same in the long run," he added. "So will we, too, lad, and, to all appearance, before the horses have time to cool. That looks like a cloud of dust at the foot of the range, doesn't it ?" " You have better eyesight than mine, mate, if you can sec anytliing like that in this light, However, they cannot have long passed here, as the dust is hanging about still. I feel it in my nostrils and throat, though I cannot see it." By this time they had crossed the little creek, after wliich tliey continued to fol low the winding trade that brought them nearer every moment to the wooded range, which soon dipped down almost to the road. Five minutes later they pulled up suddenly at a broken panel in the fence, through which those they were in pursuit of had evidently entered the timbered paddock which now lay between the rough bush road and the ranges. They followed -without a moment's hesitation, and, crossing the paddock, were soon at the foot of the first of a succession of deep ranges, in wliich the criminal population of an entire nation might reasonably hope to rest in security. Here they alighted and held a council of war before proceeding further. Tliey had three desperate men to deal with, they knew. Men who would stick at nothing, and would sell their lives dearly when brought to bay, They therefore felt that tliey must first make sure of their position, and, in order to do so, they must discover the camping ground the criminals had chosen for a temporary resting place, and turn the knowledge thus acquired to the best ad vantage later on, according as chance or strategy directed. Tying up their horses securely, they started on foot. The trail, which they did not value so much now, grew less distinct on the hard rocks and flinty shingle. They noticed, however, that it proceeded round a thickly wooded spur instead of crossing the range, which, however, pre sented no difficulty to . either cattle or horsemen. The trooper and his companion wjl straight for the brow of the raiwe will out attempting to follow the track of till fugitives, knowing that this course mn|i prove the shortest and most effective nJ the long run. E® On gaining the summit, however, nosH ing was to be seen of the party, nor kdl Lavender expect it otherwise. |t! " There is another range to be erossSbl yet, or rather a terrace of this one," |1 remarked to the trooper, as tliey ron&l; uued to plod upwards. jgfl Nolan was satisfied that his compaiiitfl was right when, a few minutes later, th|y! had gained the brow of the range, bij what appeared to bo so at first siglitl The next acclivity was only a serrated! continuation of the range tliey luid &! ccuded; A little to the left could lie djfr! tinguished in the grey dawning something! that resembled the white mists that hung! about the hilltops, at daybreak in summer;! On closer inspection it proved to befal cloud of dust. There could be 110 mifrl taking its identity this time, which evat l the doubting Lavender was fain to admit I " They haven't crossed that spur half! an hour ago," he exclaimed joyfullyj ! " and when we reach the next peak wejll 1 have tlie villains under our eye, little I dreaming in their mistaken security that the end is so close at hand." Nolans looked at the stern face of the man as fie'l was speaking, and blessed his stars fiat he had such a resolute companion in tSe'l .task he had undertaken — a task that las I experience'told him would be no chiles play in the struggle that was approach ing. CHAPTEB. n. j They climbed the billowy range with j more caution now, keeping steadily 08M ward without turning to the left, wliele those they were in pursuit of lt& ! evidently crossed. O11 gaining (he top another range stood facing them, rough - and precipitous, and wholly inaccessible even to pedestrians. A deep, irregular gully, thickly strewn with huge boulders, lay between. To tlicir disappointment those who (hoy were in quest of were nowhere 10 be : seen. It appeared at first sight as if they had been following an imagmaiy- trail during the night. Their observation was solely directed towards the left, for: it was. in this direction they were sup-, posed to have entered the valley, but - nolliing was visible within the whole range of vision. It was possible, they knew, for there men and even their horses to be huhlon away in the irregular bed of this winding ; gorge, but to provide in like manner tori 15 head of cattle was more difficult, f, j " They must be further up the gully|| Lavender whispered to his companion! "They evidently intend to spend more than a day or two here, in order to gie plenty of time for the affair to blow 01®. I think I know the spot tliey have chosen g' " Move on, then. I'm burning to Be satisfied that we haven't been 011 a wiH goose chase after all our trouble Bjr, heart dropped into my hoots just now what; I saw that long stretch of gully empty, p Lavender turned to the right, drawing, back, however, from the brow of t% range, for he did not care about taking unnecessary risks, and led liis coup panion forward for nearly a quart®; of an hour. All at once the gully widened into a broad basin, embracing about an acre in circular extent. 'U» position was exceptionally wild and beau, tiful, and its very existence undreamt of. byNolan, until it burst unexpectedly upon, his sight. | From the thick ambush of the tree.s tire watchers looked down upon tlicir intended victims who had already hobbled the® horses and allowed the cattle to graze <£ lie down, 'as the fancy seized them aft® their long and hurried drive. A fire u as. just lighted and the billies, which lhe| ffl u filled from a thin thread of water 9 vain" from :l spring in the hillside, were 9 !'r«iU' plared in position. Two of the sMaenVrre s|ivtclicd out at full length by iH Ac side of a mammoth boulder which oc- 9 jnpiiil a solitary positionin the very centre H grassy amphitheatre. These were 9 L tffo younger men, who thus rested, jj« g,, (hoy waited for the billies to boil. H Tin' third, the man with the mask, was Mmp'oyrd hooting out withhis liands aliolc m the damp earth wherein to catch snfli- £fl iieiit water in which to bury his face. Ill Tliis fellow was evidently more fastidious H than his companions, and was notprcpared j io'forego the luxury of his morning's ab- ijJ jutions. j9 The watchers on the hill looked down c« with interest upon his movements. His SBtok was at length accomplished; and, ifier waiting a few minutes for the muddy j>a water to settle its sediment to the bottom jfl rf his improvised basin, liopullcd ofE the aast and buried his face in the cooling 1 1 water. Again and again did lie repeat SI ik operation, until his craving was at ,'fl jencfli satisfied, when he arose to his feet, a in= face was now turned towards the fl watchful foes, who lost not an item of the 'A whole performance. While the man was 9 in the act of seeking for a handkerchief in H his pocket, with a view of drying himself, H Solan was amazed to hear a low cry m mm his companion, who dropped sud- 9 denly on his knees, after seizing the car- 9 bine which lay at the foot of the tree bc- 1 Mud which they wore both standing. He 9 levelled it at the man before lie had time 1 to make use of his impromptu towel. :i "Hold, man ! Do you want to give us 1 loili away?" cried the trooper, excitedly. I "Put (hat down, or by heavens I'll slice I tour windpipe for yon, you senseless 1 iiiualie!" and he seized the weapon as lie 1 poke, and wrested it from the hands of I Lavender, who was ashen white, and fl trembled like the leaves of the sheoakfar I out on the breezy plains. 1 " Leave me alone, will you P" cried the I excited man, its lie now pulled out the rc- 1 tolver with which Nolan armed him on I starting; "leave me he, or you'll curse I ;k day you crossed my path, as many a I nan has done before to-day." I "Be quiet, man, I tell yon, or you'll' I spoil everything." I "Leave me be, I say. Don't I know I the double-distilled traitor, the man who I nude me the curse and the outcast that I I am. Leave me alone, you meddling I fool ! Haven't- 1 sworn to wash my hands I >u his heart's blood, and I'll do it too, if I I bye to do it over your dead body, and I swing for it the next moment." I Nolan had his arms around the man as lie spoke the last words iu short and heavy asps. "Are you mad?" lie cried. " Can'tyou ee. yon infernal fool, that he has joined companions, and that anything hasty now would spoil everything. You would not only fail in your attempt, but would imperil both our lives, man. That revolver in your shaky hands wouldn't hit the big boulder this minute, not if you were with in twenty yards of it ! Put it away at onee, mate, and be reasonable, like a good follow. You can't he half as anxious to fing the murdering thief as I am." Lavender still continued to struggle, nut with evident signs of yielding. "Do you think,"- continued Nolan, that if I was forced to hunt him round Australia that I'd let him escape, after his bloodthirsty attempt upon the life of poor tameroit last night? Ho, lad, we'IL do more by caution than hv acting up to your mad lolly." J . Lavender ceased to struggle now ; and tiling his bauds fall by his sides, allowed we constable to become possessed of the revolver without making any further raort to retain it. ' sit down, mate," spoke Nolan in 'conciliatory tone, " sit down beside me ""i let us talk the matter over. They are three against, two of us, and three men who clou t regard life a pinch of suuff. If one of us drops m the first bout, the game is up, and the fellow that's left lias to ' get ' or lie won't be left for long ! Mark mv words, lad. these fellows have the odds ail m their favour if we make a rush for it, or even try the carbine at long raime." "What do you propose to do. Hum? ,n "ever ditl mnc'1 for -anybody." t> i lb?1'0 « ,lb much of a croaker about Dob Nolan, my man. But he's not a natural-born fool to shut his eyes when the danger signal is (lying in front. In dealing with men who don't care the value of a brass farthing for their lives, the man would he a tool who threw away his chances to passion. Cruelty must be mct-with cunuing." By this time Lavender had grown more amenable to reason ; and, following the trooper's example, sat down doggedly by tho foot of the tree, but iu such a position as not to lose sight for a moment of the three men below, now engaged in discus sing tho hot tea. " Fire away with your plan, then," said Lavender, in a surly tone. " I'm ready to fall in with the views of such a Solomon in wisdom as you put up for. All I want is t:o he left a free hand in disposing of Milson when wc come to close quarters." ' Milson ! What arc you giving us, man? You don't surely mean to tell me I that yonder scoundrel is the blood-thirsty Milson who did fourteen years for murder (they called it manslaughter) and who has all'thc cruelty of the panther, stopping short only at the lapping up of tho hloocl of his victims ?" " You've struck it this time, mate. The cold-blooded butcher is within easy range of your carbine this minute, and would probably have turned up his toes live minutes ago if you hadn't interfered. Aron't you proud of your caution now? You'll probably get a stripe for it this time, mate." But the insulting words of the speaker had little effect upon the good- tempered and forbearing trooper. The constable felt that this man had some heavy score to settle witli the outlaw. The latter, in the meantime, sipped his tea under the very eyes of the men who hungered for his capture, and never dreamt Of the proximity of danger. " I am convinced more than ever, my friend," Nolan explained, " that I have done exactly the right thing. I'd sooner have the body of one live Milson than ten dead ones. We must catcli the villain alive, and make an example of him that will strike terror to the hearts of evil-doers" " But I want his life," hissed Lavender; "I tell you, man, that nothing short of his life will satisfy my craving." "Bah! Your vengeance doesn't de serve the name. A bullet in the brain- is too short a shrift for such a monster. Why, for last night's exploit alone a dozen deaths such as you propose would not equal in suffering one minute of Cameron's agony, from the moment he first saw the light of the engine till it crashed down upon him to he ground, as he expec ted, to powder under the pitilesswheels." " You may he right, mate ; and yet I feel that a century passes over my head every minute the cruel and treacherous dog is allowed to live — to live and poison the air with his vile carcase." " The hour of your triumph is at hand, my friend. I will not stop to inquire what injury you have suffered at this man's hands, hut if it were greater still you will be amply avenged, provided only you have patience a little longer. His poison fangs will be drawn before the sun you see rising now in the cast has settled down to sleep in tho west to-night. In the meantime let us follow the cxamplo of these fellows and have a mouthful also." And to Lavender's surprise Nolan drew from one of the pockets of his coat a small parcel of bread and meat and from the other a flask of whiskey. " The old dog tor the hard road," he quoted laughingly, as he shared this repast with his com panion. ' The fact is I was about to start oil. early this morning on a scouting ex pedition, and had made my preparations accordingly whenyon dropped in last night lo that lucky circumstance we owe the means of breaking our Fast this morning." And wilhou t anotl icr word they set to and soon polished oil" the frugal meal. Bach was so engrossed with his own thoughts that lie took no thought of the other. In the meantime the men they were shepherding having finished their frugal meal, drew more closely together and ap peared to he discussing their programme. For more than a quarter of an hour they carried on what seemed a heated argu ment, when Buckley at length arose, saddled his Jiorsc and rode olf down the gully ( in a jaunty mood, appearing well satisfied 'with the issue olir their late de liberations. Not so, however, the man known as Milson. He stalked up the gully in a dissatisfied mood, resenting the democratic principle of majority rule. " By the Lord Harry," cried Nolan, hastily, " I have changed my mind ! Our chance has come to us, lad ! "Where do you think thatBuekleyfellowhas gone to ?" " To the township, mate, for whiskey !" " Just my idea exactly," cried the trooper, joyously, and with more excite ment than he had shown for hours. " They intend, as we expected they would, to camp here for a day or two, and Carter and Buckley are resolved to improve the shining hour." " That's about the ticket, mate. They have outvoted the more cautions ruffian, and so he was forced to give in. Yon can see that by the savage mood in which he went off.'', "Look here, Lavender, I had made up my mind to wait until dusk, and then rush them after they had settled down securely for the night. But now — " "Well, I see no reason to change your plan," interrupted the other. "You don't, eh? Andwhy,miglitlask?" " Because now more than ever the plan looks promising.. Don't yon see that these fellows will he drunk to-night, and then we can — " " Hang it, man, broke in Nolan, " do you think I'm going to lend myself to such i a cowardly way of doing business as you propose? Bob Nolan, I can tell you, isn't built that way." " It would he the safest way at any rate," persisted Lavender. " It might he the surest and the safest- way too, hut it's a way that wouldn't give me much pleasure to remember in the days to come. No, lad, there wouldn't be much to boast of iu waiting for the men to get dead drunk before we had the pluckto tackle them. That's not my way." " No, nor is it mine, either, I can tell you, mate. You had proof of that, L guess, half an hour ago. As you yourself were the one to urge caution, I wa s only de sirous that yonder cowardly wolf wouldn't escape for want of caution on my part." " Now, that's the sort of talk I'm ready to listen to ! Do yon agree with me then that the attempt should be made at once ?' ' " Yes, as soon as ever wc can make sure that Milson is out of sight and hearing." Nolan jumped to his feet at once and proceeded along the range to stalk the unsuspecting Milson. It was fully half an hour before he returned, during which Lavender never removed his eyes for a moment from Carter, who lay basking at the loot of the boulder in the genial rays of the morning sunshine. By and bye he threw his arms across his face and tossed about restlessly — the increasing heat oE the sun was growing uncomfortable. He rose at length and changed liis place, taking up his new position on the shady side of the boulder where he became. lost ot Lavender for the first time. " Notbingl could play into our hands belter than ibis," muttered the latter to himself ; " the coast is now clear ! Only for this slice of luck we would be forced to make a big circuit in order to approach him unseen. Fortune has given us tho odd trick as well as the hononrs this morn ing. Nolan was right after all." As he caine to this conclusion the object of his flattering approval approached noiselessly to his side. " Nothing could he better, lad, for our purpose ! I watched Milson for nearly a mile up the gully, and when I got the last sight of hi m he started to climb the opposite range, which he'll find no child's phi-, I can tell you. He can't be back for an hour at any rate, perhaps two." Then looking down below, he exclaimed in a voice of consternation, " I say, man, what in thunder has bccomo of Carter? There isn't a trace of him yonder ! " Lavender hastened to set his mind at rest, and the trooper could scarcely repress a cry of joy when lie realised the advan tage this change of position gave them. " I was going to hobble our horses, old man, and let them pick up a 'mouthful or two, but there is no necessity for that now." Then, rubbing his hands in pleased expectation, he added : " In a couple of hours, perhaps less, they'll have as square a feed in one of the Bomsey pubs as ever they had in their lives. And they'll need it, too, poor brutes, after their long fast and sharp journey." " "Will we make a start at once then ? " asked Lavender, emphatically. " No hurry, my boy, in the world. It will he just as weU to wait until Carter has fallen asleep, wliich won't ho long now, yon bet. He was on the verge of falling olf, you may be sure, when the sun and flies hunted him. Besides, as neither of the others is likely to return immedi ately, there is no pressing hurry to begin." For nearly half an hour they waited, and then Lavender went up the brow of the range a little way to reconnoitre, but saw nothing of Milson. After this, the two men, who had arranged their course of action while waiting, began to descend tho hill cautiously, in order to avoid displacing the loose stones which strewed its side abundantly. Nolan earned the carbine, while each held a revolver in readiness as - they proceeded. Step by step they advanced, Lavender picking out the way and the trooper follow- > mginhis footsteps. Atlength they reached the grassy turf below, and a few seconds later M ere on the sunny side of the boulder. Not knowing hut the man might . possibly be awake and read' to struggle iiard for freedom, Nolan laid down the carbine and motioned to his companion to pass round on one side while he took the other. The next moment they were facing each other on the shadowy side of the rock, while there at their feet on the green sward, lay tho sleeping Carter with a revolver loaded in five chambers by his side. They paused a moment," exchanging quick glances as they did so. Presently the trooper made a sign to the other, which he appeared to comprehend by instinct, for he disappeared round the rock at once, returning instantly -with a bridle rein belonging to one of the men. And now, at another sign from Nolan, who smiled to see bow well bis companion understood his last gesture. Lavender stooped, picked up tho loaded weapon . from' beside the sleeping man, and dropped it into his otvn pocket. In a moment they were both upon him ; and before lie was fully aware of his danger, or able to understand what was really occurring, he was lying securely hound and helpless at their feet. " What game are you up to, mates? Tell me when you have finished this joke, won't you ? " " "We'll tell you the joke in a minute, if yon promise not to split ypur sides tvith laughter when your hear it." "Who the devil " then suddenly recognising the trooper, " ah, 4 Bobby ' Nolan !" and his jaw fell as he took in the situation with a gasp. 44 Yes, Bobby Nolan ! On that you can speculate your bottom bob !" and Nolan laughed as he pulled harder at the rein he was now tightening about the ankles. " I say, mate, you needn't surely screw a fellow's feet off in your excitement of your own joke ! Draw it a little milder if yon can— I'll take your strength for granted." 44 You'll tako more than that for granted before I'm finished with yon, my budding beauty. You may as well also take seven years for granted while you are in the taking humor." As hands and feet were now securely tied, the first instalment of success "was theirs. Nolan rojected the advice of his companion to clap the bracelets on their prisoner. 44 We may have more necessity by-and- bye lor the only pair I've got, so thnt- while we have the time on our hands we'll practise the cabinet trick, while we have an inch of bridle to spare." The wisdom of this resolution was soon indicated. The galloping of a horse was now heard in the distance — no.w soft and muffled as ho struck the turf with his hastening feet, now hard and metallic as the hools rattled over the stones and shingle at the entrance to the gully. Buckley was returning, and sooner than they expected. He was evidently sup plied with an instalment of what nc re quired at the public-house on the way to Romsey, and returned to eamp with his consignment of whisky, leaving the less important item of solids for a subsequent visit. Nolan and Lavender exchanged glances, as if both had grasped the same idea at once. Then stooping down they raised Carter between them and removed him to the other side of the rock, where he could be easily seen in his recumbent position by the approaching horseman. Rolling him over on his back, Nolan intimated, with a blood-curdling threat of speedy extinction, that the slightest warn ing on his part would send his soul to torrid climes before his voice had time to reach tin? ears of him for whom it was intended. Carter shivered as he listened. In a moment they were again behind the rock listening to the beating hoof sounds drawing nearer and nearer. They had not long to wait, for Buckley, freighted with the chief accessory to a big carouse, was not allowing the grass to grow under his feet. The foot-beats were not fifty yards away now. and Buckley Was already slackening speed, when the men in ambush were startled to bear the voiee of Carter raised lngli in warning. " Fly ! fly for your life. Tom ; the blooming traps are on us !" Without waiting a moment to comprehend the novelty of the strange situation or to marvel at the absence of any visible foe, Buckley wheeled round suddenly', and driving his spurs into Burnside. for it was Cameron's stolen horse lie rode, dashed madly down the gully — over the way lie had just come. Swift as he was, however, a bullet from Nolan's revolver, followed by another and another, proved swifter still, bring ing the horse down and sending Buckley ' to grass, who rolled over and over fifteen feet in advance of the fallen liorse. He quickly regained his l'eet, however ; but, before he liad fully recovered from the stunning effect of his fall, both men were upon him. A sharp tussle ensued, but a stroke from the handle of Lavender's revolver brought him to his knees once more. Still, it was only after arduous effort that a sharp elick informed the latter that Nolan had succeeded in getting the hand- cuffs on the man, who struggled like a wild beast, to the last. 44 That settles your hash for a fifteen years' stretch, old man, or else I'm a false prophet," laughed Nolan, triumphantly, as he led the ex-constable back to the spot where the other lay. 44 I could do it on my bead, you trea cherous dog, as long as I have the hope that I'll come out alive to riddle your carcase with cold lead. When that day comes, and come it will, I won't forget this morning's work nor the cowardly odds of two to one." 44 Why didn't you call upon Carter for help, man ? He would have listened to you at any rate, if he didn't help you. Your attempt to eseape just now, leaving your friend in the lurch, like the enr you are, deserves that much gratitude from your mate !" " You can talk big now that my hands are tied. The police are all cowards — that's their character, at any rate, and they live np to it." 44 Yon lie, you hound ; it is not their character, and even if it was they would have earned it through such black sheep as yon. You speak of cowardice! Doesn't it well become you to do so, whoso highest bravery wlien yon were in the force was tlie robbery of drunken men." And Nolan, as he spoke, flung him beside his companion with a gesture of contempt that was more maddening to the man than if he had brutally kicked him. A sudden crasliing of brushwood was heard at this moment, and, looking np quickly, Lavender, with the cry of au enraged wild beast, recognised Mil son forcing his way down the hillside. The sudden cry brought Nolan to his side, but not before Lavender emptied bis revolver in a fruitless attempt to bring down the approaching outlaw, who now stood a moment irresolute, as he saw this unex pected reinforcement. Seeing the absence of his two confederates, and noticing the wounded horse struggling fifty or sixty yards away, he took in the situation at a glance. Raising his revolver, he fired, but before lie was able to pull the trigger a second time or note the effect of his first shot, the hand that held the weapon fell powerless by his side, the fingers being shattered by a ball from the trooper's re volver. Turning quickly, lie fled up the thickly wooded slope, followed by the constable. But at this moment, when Nolan dashed off in pursuit, a faint cry from Lavender caused him to hesitate a moment. Turn-, ing round, he saw him reel backwards against the boulder, and press his band to his left side. Lavender, noticing his uncertainty, hastened to exclaim. 44 Don't mind me, mate; after securing him it will be time enough to return and look to me. I'll be all right." But even us Nolan looked the man's hand was dripping with blood. He turned back at once. 44 Go, I tell you ; go at once, or I will curse yon with my dying breath! I'd sooner die this minute than that this devil incarnate should escape. He wasn't satisfied with blasting my whole, life, but finishes up by doing for me as you see." Nolan hesitated no longer, regretting the valuable time lie had already lost. But short as the diversion was, it proved ample to cover the retreat of the flying outlaw, who was nowhere to be seen as Nolan penetrated the heavy limber that clothed the hillside. Neither sound nor sight rewarded bis efforts. Returning disappointed, be found Lavender sitting at the foot of the boulder, his life blood oozing fast away from a red orifice in the left breast. A look of baffled hate passed over.liis face as lie saw Nolan return from liis unsuccessful mission. "What can I do for you, mate?" asked the latter, in kindly and sympathetic accents. 44 Nothing now; yon have failed in the only thing it was possible for you to do for me, in order/to relieve myr dying mo ments. My time is measured and no thing can be done for mo now!" Nolan knew the man spoke truly, for no one could possibly outlive tlio amount of blood ho had already lost. 44 What was this man to yon in the past?" he ventured to ask, as he sat down by the poor fellow and supported the drooping body, fast draining to death. 44 Wliat were you to each other ?" " Companions in crime for a season, preying upon the honest and law-abiding ! I was his tool, however, rather than his companion. After a. big haul we once made, the villain played me false, for, being hard pressed, the traitor flung me to the wolves of the Jaw and made his esedpc with the swag while they were devouring me." He paused to take breath a moment, for he was growing visibly weaker. " Two years — two long years afterwards, when I got out, I revisited our old haunts, but lie was gone. I followed him np, but bearing of myT pursuit, and fear ing my vengeance, lie laid the traps on to me again, and I got five years this time. I worked it- oiV, every day of it, without an hour's remission, for I was trouble some occasionally, and for two years now I have been keen on tlio scent, only to meet my death at his hands in the end!" Lavender had now grown so weak that his voice scarcely rose above a whisper as lie asked. Nolan to lav him down on the grass. The trooper aid so as tenderly as an hospital nurse, hut the change of posi tion, though gently effected, increased tlie hemorrhage, and in less than five minutes lie had passed quietly away without sound or sigh. The vengeance lie pursued so steadily just managed to evade him at the last. Our story is soon told. Carter got eight, years and Buckley twelve, as liis criminal record was much heavier and extended over a period long antecedent to the depredations in the Bullengarook ranges. Milson unfortunately escaped at the time, to leave liis name subsequently in the bnsliranging chronicles of the colony after a fashion that proved sensational. He was ultimately captured under tlie name of Moonlight, which lie made noto rious for a brief period while pursuing liis lawless avocation on the Imsli roads north of tlie Dividing Range. Poor misguided and ill-fated Lavender was buried in the LsuieCfield Cemetery, where a worni-eatcn wooden cross, bear ing the initials 44 W.L.," still testifies to the spot where lie found a resting plaee at last, after the stormy vicissitudes of life in those troublous days of old, when tlie spirit of turbulent unrest brooded darkly abroad, shadowing the land with deeds of violence and daily outrage. Tliis busy old fellow, too busy was lie To linger at breakfast, at dinner or tea, For tlie merry small chatter of children and wife, But led in bis marriage a bachelor life ; Too busy for kisses, too busy for play, No time to be loving, no time to be gay. No time to replenish his vanishing health," No time to enjoy his swift gathering wealth, But he found time to die — Oh, yes, He found, time to die. Country Rector—' " I haven't seen you at church lately." Old Woman- — "No, sir, I heered as bow it was very unbealtlifnl to sleep in the daytime." 