THE MURDER- INQUIRY. JIl ltrUY S CONFESSION. VERDICT OF WILFUL MURDER. On Wednesday tha accused, Jnmos Murphy, was brought before tho Polios Court aud formally remanded to the Coroner's Court. CORONER'S INQUIRY. On Wednesday tho inquiry was resumod into tho oause of death of Cyru9 M'Farlane, before the Cormier, Mr. A. J. Creagli, P.M., Murphy being in oustody. lie was represented by Mr. Bawden. William Tomer, an employee of Mr. J.J. Dnggan, gave evidence relative to seeing tiie body of the deoeased on tho morning of the lit Is instant, hut lis did not know liirn. The previous eveniug witness was in towu, returning home about 0.30. Witness was not at tho melon-bed any time that night, nor did lie soe anyone at it, Witness did not chase anyone tliut night. He knew nothing whatever about the death of the boy M'Farlane, He had im institiot ione to watch the melon-bed. ... To Mr, Biwden : No one eleo ires interested in the melons to far as he knew. J. J. Duggan, re-called, stated Teruer had no inatructions to watch the melon-bed. E. Gill had no interest in the sale of the melons. Ha did not intand to sell any more melons after bat Saturday, as they were not worth silling. To Mr. Bawden: Tomer at one time imagined he saw ghosts, and on ono occasion when a ghost had been dressed up for his benefit lie pulled it to pieees. This was near witness' house. On a previous occasion he bail been friglitoned bye similar method. Mre. M'Farlane, mother of the deceased, tated that ho loft homo between 7 and 8 o'clock on Saturday, 10th lurt. He did not aay where he was going, hut it was Ids practice generally to go out in the ereuiug. She accompanied him as far at Mr. Weilley'e, her son-in-law. He had only sixpence, so far as she knew. Iu the. pocket of his coat, which had been left at his residence later ill the evening. Is 3d was fuund. He was of a very quiit disposition and very agreeable. Frequently, when deceased cutiu- home on Saturday, ho told. her that he had had fun with the lads down the street. He would tell them he had pleuty of money, and tliey would try and borrow it from him. He re peatedly told her this. Occasionally he had a few shillings. Mrs. Weilley, sister of deceased, stated daoeaead was at Iter place on the Satunlay evening In company witli Ids mother. Witness gave hiin sixpence. In the moruiug lie was at her place, and site gave liiui tliiec shillings to give to her mother, wliiali lie did. He' wsb there between seven and eight on Satunlay evening. J. H. Eaton, re-called, stated he licaid no noiie as of a row on the evening of the murder after he had left his mother's place. He did not stand at any of tlio onriicra witli M'Carthy. Patriok M'Carthy gave corroborative evidence. Constable Richards gave evideuco relative to the first report of the murder. He secured the attendance of Murphy at the poliue station. He asked Murphy on the road to the station if lie had heard of M'Farhne'e death. Murphy replied he hail, that youug Pryce hail told liiin. Witness asked, hiin what time lie had met M'Farlane, -.and Murphy replied about nine o'clook, at M 'Million's (market) comer. Murphy said ho asked hiin where he was going, nnd he replied he was only having a look round. At Murphy's suggestion tliey sat down for a while, and then went into tho back yard of the hotel, and had a quart of almiidy, to whioh tliey enrh contributed threepence! M'Farlane then said ha must go home, auil weut away towards Oakos' hotel. He did not see M'Farlano again. To Mr Bawdeu : Murphy, senior, saw his eon at the louk-up oo Sunday afternoon. The father said to the boy, " Well, Joe, this is a nice mess you are in. Tell mo now whether you was witli M'Farlane at the melon-patch on Saturday night?" The boy replied " I w.ia not ; I did not see him after about 10 o'olock." The fatliot then said "Look here, Joe, it's no use you denying this, because these other people seen you with him, and yon might as well tell the truth," The boy then, after some hesitation, said "No, I was not," The father then eaid "Wasn't there a man chased you ? Now tell the truth, because the faot of stealing the melons or a paddock-full of them, is nothing." The boy then eaid " Yos, I was with M'Farlane in the paddock." The father tlieu said "Well, tell me all about it now." The boy replied after he made his bed down he went up Prince-street, turned the corner at the Wesloyaa Church into Queen- street, and then turned down Dobie-street. He kept on the opposite side of tho footpath to M'Farlane's house, where he met Cyrus M'Far lane. M'Farlaue spoke to him, and suggested going for melons, and mentioned the locality where they were as near the swamp. Tliey then went up Prince-street and into the melon- paddook ; got some melons ; brought them down to the fence and ate them ineide throwing the akius outside, M'Farlane eaid there was someone coming, and they ran away. (The statement exactly coincided with the evidence given by Murphy at the inquiry.) To the police ; On Monday morning he in- epeoted Murphy's rcsidouca and searohed the cellar, and found the trousors produced. When shown to Murphy lie said lie had worn the troiiBcra on Saturday night, and that he had put thorn in a bag on takiug them off. Seuior-couetable Cowio stated he was present at tho previous hearing at the Coroner's inquiry. While tlio witness Eaton was giving his ovidenoo Murphy said to iiim " If I was to say that I never saw M'Farlane nftor we parted when the. man was chasing us would I still have to kiea tlio Bible?" Witness replied lie would, and asked why he asked tiio qncstion. Murphy answered "Just because I wantod to know." Suk-inspeotor Parker stated that on 1'ueBday, 13th instant, beforo coming into Court, he said to Murphy " From the' contradictory statements made by you to tlio police, and being the last in the company of Cyrus M'Farlane, I charge you with murdering hiin upon the night of tho 10th instant," He replied "Yes; I was the last in oompany with him that night." At 2 o'clook the inquiry was continued and had adjournod about Hf toon minutes when witness wont into the lock-up where Murphy and Sergeant Dean wero sitting on the (tool. Sergeant Dean said Murphy wanted to mako aoino statement. Witness asked Murphy if it was in connection witli this matter. Murphy said it was, Wituess said to him " Do you iutend to make a statement without any representations or any iiidunomont being held out to you by any polioeman 7" Tliii wit ness repeated, and Murphy rsplied lie did. Witness instructed Sergoant Dean to take the statement. Murphy made n statement, which wns taken down without auy slterutiou what ever. Witness inked .Murphy to read the state, nicnt. Ho did so, uud witness oskedliim if hs had any objection t > signing tlio statement. He replied ho hut! nunc, mid witness again cautioned him. Murphy then signed it. He produooit the' statement. To Mr, Bawden : He hclioved something was said nbout tlio penalty ; hut lie did not hear it, Murphy, altor making the statement, Baid. - "I hope you wou't be linrd on ine." He was oryingatthe time. Witnoss said "I feel for you, for tho position yon are in." Murphy said "You have been very kind lo mo," and witness-said "I will do all I can for you." This was a very fow minutes after ho made the statement. Sergeant Demi stated ho wne in charge of Murphy ou Tuesday afternoon. Murphy asked him what lie was ohnrged with. Witness told him the charge. Witness said to Murpliy hs was, sorry to see so young n boy in suoli a posi. tion, nnd lie was also snriy for the death of Cyrus M'Farlane. Murphy said " What will they do to mo for that?" Witness replied "Yon might ;be hanged unlets you killed bim in self- defence."' Murphy said " Supposing I wasH to tell you something different to whntltoldi you nnd the other police before ; how would itl he ?" Witness i oplied "It would lie only one morel different way." Murphy said "Do you think| they would send meawny anywhere?" Witness j replied "I don't know what they would do witli you." Murpliy said " Wiio would you tell if I was to tell you wlml took place? Would you have to tell your jury or tlio Sub. ?" Witfiess replied "Yos, if yon want me to." Murpliy said " Well, you can tell the jury and tell the Sub." Witness replied "I don't want you to tell me anything unless what you are going to tell me in the truth." Murphy then said "This is how it happened." (aud then madi a statement lo tlio sergeant, substantially the same as contained in tbe signed statement handed iu in the evidence. ) Sub-inspector Purkor camo in, and witness tol l him what transpired. Just before Mr. Parker came in Murpliy snid lie was willing to put it iu writing, It was then put into writing, and Mnrphy signed it. Before witness started to write the statement, Sub-inspector Parker said "Are you gning lo maku this statement of your own free will ?" lie replied ho was. Mr. Parker asked him if any promise had been held'out to liirn, He replied there had not. After he had mails the statement, and before it was signed, MurpliyH read it. Mr. Parker asked hint if the btatcmentH wast ue. He replied it was. H The statement was than rend as follows : 8 " I, James Muiphy, make the followingB statement of my own free-will, and without anjB promise being held out to me HI "On Suturdny, 10th February, about 11 p.m.fl Cyrus M'Farlano and I wont to Duggau's inelo'mB tiold iu Prince-street, Graftou, and got fourB melons : brought thorn outside Duggau's fence! aud burs ted them, Tlireo were good anil oncPa w«a greoii. H "After eatiug the melons M'Furlane and ill walked along tho fence in Prinoo-street. il accused M'Farlano of taking me to this melon- M be.l I said ' You had uo right taking me tol this melon-bed," I thon said sometliiug to hltnB and he roplioil "You are a b liar." ill esiil to him " Don't call me a b liar," and! he lifted the etick I saw in the Court-house auil H now produced, and I said "If you hit mo with 3 that I will hit you with this " meaning a piece ! of slip-panel that wns lying ou the ground anJB the one produced in Court. Ho said " You do.B you b wretch." I thon lifted the piece H and struck M'Fiulaue on the head, and stunnodH him. I then seen that ho wns not ablo to get I np and I then gave hiin another strike on some I portion of the head, I seen that he still lifted B his head. I struck him again on another por- H tion of tho head. I then found that ho waig dead, and when I seen that lie was dead I stood j the piece of stiok against tiie post in the position ! it was found. I then walkod over to tlio body J and turned his two trousors pockets inside out ! to seo if ho had a knife, and when I found that i he had no kuifo I ran iu Prinpc-streot and turned 1 the corner by tho tan-yard, and passed Mr, ? Oeorgo Fisher's house nnd went along Queen- | street until T had come to Mrs. Csmeron's little j shop opponito tiie Public suhool corner ; and j then walked across Bacon-street, dowu Bacon - atreet until I had reached Gerard and Co. 'si store. I then crossed from the store to my gjM mother's residence in Prinoo-street ; got over a B little fence at the end of the verandah ; got ia 1 the garden and down the collar, whioh was 1 under my mother's residence, and looked | to seo if my bed was alt right. Found | my bed all right. Weut in tlio back 1 door of my inothai's residence, and found tliey | were all asleep.- I went to my mother's bed in | which she sleeps and woko her. and told her | that I hail a bed made down in the collar, and « was going to sleep there. She replied "It must 1 be late to got to bed." I then loft the room and g we.it to whore I iiad my own bed made aud B turned in fur the night." B JAMES MURPHY. Made, rend, and signed by James Murphy B bsfcrs the undersigned— Thomas Purker, Duk«B Dean, G. Richards, W. O'Brien. B At 5,20 the jury returned into Court with a fl verdict of wilful murder against Jnmes MurpliyH the younger. Murpliy was thereupon com- 9 mittoil to take his trial at tlio Grnfton Circuit H Co.urt, to ho held ou April 23, 1000. H At the coiiotusion of the case, the foreman of B tho jury, Mr. Kimpton. on behalf of the jury, H thanked Sub- inspector Parker for the ability he || had shown in the conduct of tiie euse, nnd his H courtesy to tlio juiy. H 