POINTS. [?] The ? ' .-.\ \'. :. Kai$er ? ? To the Emperor Of China 7— 'Bring no more Vaiir oblations.' .,'?:.?? ? . ? ?.'???'« ''? ?;???. ? » This morning's report of Parliamentary proceedings is dull. There is one pun in it, and that was made last yew. I have a con fused idea that the Council diapussed proposals . for the destruction ot Government school teachers, and for the conversion of the (Sani tary Depot into a, federal electorate, and that the Assembly deoided to pay a minimum wage to wild dogs, to feed Australian horses on Collie coal and to arrest all sparks found loitering in railway workshop?. Mr. David Forrest said that he j^memb;r ed a new magistrate in the country who knew no- move about dogs' tails than cats' tails. 'Yet you support the Forrest. Government,' interjected Mr. Illingworth. 'I would rather support the Forrest Government than any you could have.' Certainly David got home, that time with his little pebble. 'liet brotherly love continue' ia a good motto. A weekly paper pxiWisbed at Knlgoorlie described an bon.- member as a diminutive, political accident, The hon. member re torted on tibe editor of the paper, by suggest ing that the latter in his infancy -had been noiu'ished on the venom of, a squid. Result : Hon. meoitoer, 1 } editor, 2, , It is stated— perhaps incorrectly-- that t))fc enterprising editor of a popular magazine lately invited certain eminent persons t° plunge their feet into pudding basins of gela tinous matter in order that the readers of his magazine might gauge greatness by the im print of its soles One of the eminent per* sons addressed returned his basin of gelatine with the following little note : —'Sir,— I send you baok your pudding-basin. Kindly put your head in it.— Yours, etc.' I suppose a, dull, unimaginative 'social' writer on a metropolitan paper would con tent himself, or rather herself, by stating that 'dancing was kept up till daybreak. ' In the country they add a poetical touch to this ? 'bald and unconvincing' statement, 'The dancing' (writes a country correspon dent) 'did not terminate until the distant streak -of -Old Sol appeared upon the, eastern sky.' Another country correspondent -writes : 'This is a world of change and progress. The hinds that once were given over to the jam und gimlet-wood trees now feel the teofcli of the plough, the harrow, and the drill, and waving fields of corn now gladden the eye, where once tlie forest primeval hedd sway.' It reads like an adaptation of Tennyson:'— There runs the plough w'hero grew the tree j 0 earth, what onanges thou hast seen ! Here where the cornfields wave, have been Tho jam and gimlet wood.— (N.B.) A London weekly prints' two ' anecdotes of schoolboy intelligence, both relating to Sir, Walter Scott. One boy wrote i— 'Scott was a great poet. Ho was a law yer, but people loved him, When lie was dying, Ii9 felt it coming on, so he wix-te some touching lines wbioh he meant for himself:— ? The (way was long, the. wind was cold, The rainstreJ was infernal old. 0 may we all feel the -same ?when death catches hold of u.?.'' Another hoy declared that Scott had. a son .named .Wha Hae, who bled with Walhs (sic), Mr Harpor said there appeared to 'be a desire to pit the interest of. the coal-miner against the interest of the farmer. ' (No pun intended, I suppose, ' The 'Governors' have' not accepted the kind invitation of tie Nw South Wales oAit'Korities to visit Maitland. The police have received orders to apprehend these fu gitives forthwith, and compel them to ac cept the invitation.- 'First catoh your hare,' saya the old cookery-book. 1 have just come across, a story 'of a 'Haunted Theatre,'1 in- which the leading tragedian, on obtaining 'an engagement, ob serves' to the lessee j—'i'.aet for the love of art, and not for money. I have an incdm'e of my own, so, you see, ff the 'ghost does not^ walk' now and then, you will not hear much grumbling from me.' These are indeed noble sentiments. No wonder that the tragedian was welcomed with open arms, 