I SWEETHEART COUPLES. I " We are so often assured nowadays by novelists and others that marriage is a failure, that it was quite relieving (writes "The Lady") to read a leUer the other dav in a leading newspaper, -which concluded as follows:-"l have .gone over the boundary line of 50 my mie is four vp'irs vounser." and to-day she ia my sweetheart, my wife,' and she tells me i am sail- her .king among men- \\\e have ourselves known many coHple^pei haps, indeed, the majority, of tho?e witlj ? whom we are>cquaint^wW ^'ghi be ourselves Iy: haps, indeed, the majority, ot those \\\ith whom we are acquainted-who might be described negatively as ?.married, but not unhawpv," but here is a man wfto can say positively that he ^shappy^a kin Let'as ^ and remember some .other sweetheart couples, The first we tljink ot is Edmund Eurke and his wife. J-he gi cat orator used to declare that every care vanished the moment lie entered upon his own roof, so- tender, sympathetic and<-sei viceable v/as his wife, and, unlike many husbands, he deserved , to liave this doffie>> tie bliss: One who knew him said, in tue House: of'Commons only the fierce-pecu liarities of. his character were .seen, while at home:he seemed" the: mildest and :kmd-. est, as well as one of .tue best and ^eatfist of human beings. He poured .forth the rich treasures of his mind with the moot prodigal bounty,' At breakfast -and dinner j his gaiety, wit, aiicl pleasantry enlivened the, board, -and - diffused cheerfulness and happiness all round." . . . . The biographer ot the late Eight Hon orable W. Ii. Smith thus writes:- Love letters have often been penned - amid strange environment-from dungeons ^arrets, and from Arctic wastes and tor rid' African sands; but surely nope were ever more tender or more true than those written by Smith- to his wife froT ^je Treasury' JScnch, amid the dm of ^debate or the langour of obstructive talk.. .. The poet and divine, John Donne, who became .dean of St. Paul's in 1621, married a daughter of Sir George Moore without, the consent of her parents, and in con-se quence was ..told, by .'his .|ather:in-lai.v tna. he wills not "to expect any money, from him. The doctor went home and penned tlie pithy note-"John Donne, Ann Donne, un done," which'he sent to the gentleman m question, and this had the effect of restor ing t'hem to iavor. As it turned out, how ever, Donne and his wife were anything but undone by' their marriage, for they were a sweetheart couple ^ until Airs. Doune, who was "the delight ot .her hus ! baud's eyes - and "the- companion ot ins 1 youth," died .at. the birth of; her twelfth child. . . . ' . Sydney 'Smith's definition of marriage is well known. "It resembles a pair of shears,', so joined that they cannot be separated, often moving in opposite :directions, but always punishing those who come between theni." He. and his wife were a sweetheart couple who did not allow anything to come between 'them.. The reverend Sydney had no riches except 'his own fine characcei and great talent when he married Aliss Pvbus, whose only possession was a pearl necklace, which she sold for ±.500 to buy furniture for their fi/st house. One day -.before, their marriage he ran into the,room where his fiancee was, flung into her lap six small teaspoons, -wiiich, 'from much wear, had become-the ghosts of their for mer solves," and said, "There, Ivate, yon .luekv: srii-l, I give 1'ou. all my fortune! Whether this was or -was'not to svmbohse that they were to be. "spoons' after mar rian-e as.well as before.it, they- certainly did love each other until death separated A present not less interesting than Syd ney -Smith's six spoons was itfade to.the lach'-of his choice by Dr. \Vordsworfcli, Bishop of Lincoln, when he was headmas ter of Harrow. He sent to. her the nine gold medals won by hini at Winchester and Cambridge. Their; married life Had been described "as near perfection as anvthinii on this side of Lden could be. Another more famous schoolmaster, Dr. Arnold, often dwelt upon "the rare,; the unbroken, the almost d\vful happiness ot his domestic life, and carried the tirst feelings of enthusiastic love,andwatciitul care through 22 years of wedded lite. Writing to Mrs. Kmgsley from tae sea side, wlit-re he had gone in ^ search of health, Charles Kingsley says, ' This place is perfect, 'but it seems a dream and im perfect without you. Absence quickens love -into consciousness. I never beioie felt the loneliness of being without the be loved being whose every look and word and motion are the keynotes ot my lite. reop!e talk of love ending at the altar. . . . Fools! I lay at the window all morning, thinking of nothing but home; how I long for it!" Sickness and other crosses visited-the home ot -Kingsley and his wife, but these crosses they took, tin together in the right spirit, and helped each other to bear them, byinpathising with a husband's anxiety, Kingsley once wrote to a friend, "I believe one never understands the blessed mystery; of mar riaae till one has nursed a sick wife, nor understands either what treasures women 'UHrs. Alexander, wife of the Primate of: Ireland, was known as the writer _ of hvnins that are everywhere sung by chil dren. Her husband also writes poetry, but perhaps the sympathetic life they lived to gether until she was taken from him was the best poem.either produced, llie famous Bishop Wilberforce, among .others, con sidered them an ideal couple. They were real chums, if it be not audacious to speak in this way of an archbishop arid his ^Referring to the obscurity of much of Browfting's poetry, Wordsworth said "when he heard that the poet was going to marry the poetess, Miss Barrett, "T hope they'll understand one another." Certainly Airs. Browning did think that she understood her husband, for she wrote to a friend, "jSio'body exactly understands him except me who am in the inside of him and hear him breathe."' -Thure would be more sweetheart couples if married people would try more than they d.o'to understand and make allowance for each other. : The 72 races inhabiting the world com municate with each other in 3,004-different tongues, and confess to about . 1,000 re ligions. .... ? An inch and a half a year is the average growth of tlie finger-nail. The average time for each finger-nail to grow, its full length is about four arid a half months,, and at this rate a man of 70 years of age would have renewed his nails 186 times, Taking the length of each nail at half an inch, he would have grown 7 ft. 9 in. o£ nail on each finger, am;, on all his fingers and thumbs an aggregate length of 77, ft, 6 ifl* -, ; - :::: * : 