REGRET. (By Madge Barlow, In "Glasgow Weekly \- , » ■■ Herald.' ) CHAPTER I. • "Ellal-' I The tone’was sharp, but the tremor In the man’s voice showed mental suffering.' Suffering that was not less lteen because it hid beneuth a cloak of pride and scorned to parade Itself before the eyes of another, and that other the woman who , had called ,lt. Into, being. This was his. first repulse,' his first heart-pang, and' he was all unprepared for it. He had been so cooUdent of victory; so full of satis faction with himself and the wholo world. , She was only a girl in years, hat she looked like a woman who had left girlish joys behind and found the hidden serious ness of life. In the pale gravity of her face the deep, clear eyes shone stead fastly. They held a purpose, and If the lines graven around the mobile lips spoke truly there, was plenty of. determination to carry it out. Ella Trente was no weak willed creature to be turned aside from | the path she had chosen by a man's i fretful pleading., j "Don’t speak as if I .were altogether contemptible," she said with a faint smile. "You ,have i asked me to be your wife, and I. have refused as gently as X could. You 'should not blame ■ .'"Perhapsnot;"' , ■ . i , “And. I ..am sorry to givir'yan pain, “Ralph, but Ihitlnse-ft,will pass awhy, and you will'fdrget.’V' ’ - "Spare me' your platitudes.'" he replied, grimly. “At least let me remember that you were honest. I want no fictitious sympathy.” "And I offer none. Between old friends candor is best.” He leant hla elbows on the table, and stared moodily around the dull little studio at the undnlshed picture on the easel, at the completed ones that occu pied the wall-space, at the artist's para phernalia scattered here and there, and | his eyes were darkly resentful. He had 1 no love of art. One picture was as good aa another to him. They-were only daubs I of point over which It was the fashion I to wax enthusiastic, and the sublime work' of /i master hand stirred no responsive chord In his Inner self; neither did tho .crudest amateur effort offend him. It awoke a mild sense of the ridiculous. That was ail. Now positive hatred began to take the place of Indifference. The dumb canvas was his rival. For tho joy to be found In the exercise of her.genius,.and-In the pursuit: of that elusive (■hjlil-o’ithe-w'lsp called Fame. Ella had given him up,, and ■ hidden htm, speak mypjore of love. As if she really believed, that ho cpuld. remain. ;lipr friend, and see her day- after day, and discuss commonplace topics with her In the dismal poky flat among tho chim ney-pots, and never, utter tho burning words that would surely rise to his lips in spite of his efforts to keep them back. Oh, no. She asked too much.. "I suppose appeals are useless!" he said, ■breaking a silence during which she had been soberly waiting for. developments, j “You are going to devote your fresh ] youth, a lifetime maybe,, to art. .Jt, cornea firat In jrour thoughts and alms. I and tho love offered to you and tile happiness lying at your, feet are,sacrificed to this’ Moloch, lest we should Interfere with the winning of a fame that may never be yours. Dear, do not choose, rashly. Take a few days to’consider.” ,e / "It would not alter my decision one bit When the dream becomes an accom plished-fact It will be time enough to think of—these other things.’* "By that time,” said Ralph, dryly, “I . may have changed my mind.” • "And we shall be friends;1 Just as we wefe.before you got Idiotic notions Into .your head," she cried,’ gaily; -"Yslibuttl like, ttuU-_better than dnythlng&lse; Ralph. ■You were a good' comrade always, and' ’ wo nulled together; splendidly. Didn't "Splendidly.” be. echoed. , "And now you bavo turped disagreeable and spoiled the whole evening." He held his peace, and said something forcible and appropriate In the secret depths of his heart, where EUa could not hear it' "Why on earth do you want to marly .me?” she demanded. "I am .not the least bit pretty,. Am.I?” "No,” he replied, bluntly. “You air not pretty. Did I. over say you were?’ "Never, Ralph. .Your .brotherly frank pes.was, and'lB, refreshing.", . , "Another chap would dip his tongue ir honey,, and swear you rivalled Venus hut I, can’t pay you silly compliments It Isn’t; my way." She smiled and nodded. “Thatls why I chose yon for a friend You were so different from the rest Yoi seemed to know my moods by Intuition and.: when I needed petting, ., or sym I pathy^pr.-dust a,scolding, jmu .used; tg [ talk straight to, roe pretty often, and in stead of resenting It, X listened meekly | Balpb, you were a privileged person.’’ "Wan IT’.' •' kr ,"Ves, sir!"-,. She moved over! the easel flnd.liftpd. hfrr brush, but.ho tqok it gent ly.'from' the unwilling. Angers, atid some ■ '. thing In; fhe expression of his fan. brought a troubled flush to hers. K ..was.going to' go back to;the question, that had rudely disturbed, their serenity How persistent he was! How unres, dBnablo! "Ella, I must have a definite answer." "I gave you one/’ .t "Either I leave, here to-night your no cepted lover, or we’ say. goodrbye, ant part. . Which Is It to bo?” Tears wolfed to tho grey eyes, bu [ they did not move him to pity.! Ve wig,, too, angry and Indignant to feel compos i plan for anyone outside himself.. : He . quiet- determination vexed him /.grlev \- ously,, add, a cloud of sullennees settled I on:his.'brow.,; '• ' 1' [ "If you asked me to. wait three years-^ flverT-t would do;ft.” he Sold,, in oil In. Jured tone;,"but you will not. . Tm promise nothing;." -: ' / . ’’Becausb I want to be' perfectly, fret until -—” ... “Until your ambitious hopes are real laed?” A scarcely repi’esned sneer ac - companied the query. “You do, not count'Upon, failure 71* "I shall try to forget that there ta sucli a word,” . "Stronger .than you bays, been worsted in' the struggle. Yon were meant fo. simple 'flreelde-Joys, Hite, .hot for the, rqnks 'ot ihpsio who .toll and tight “ understand, you better-than you" under stond yourself, and by-ond-bye you wH be, compelled, to acknowledge '' that spoke truly.” ’ , At the door he turned,.,and; hiking the small forlorn flguro In his. errae, kissed the warm lips,’ passionately. "When you grow tiwaj,. send for me. t ;shall be close at hand,” be whispered; VButthbugh I love you more than llfe, I will’not eoro'e. unless you’bld mo.’.’ "Whore lo Ralph?" asked an old lady, who entered, the room.an hour later, and found the girl alone. . "Gone home,’’she-replied., , , "Have you, quarrelled?” •' "Yea, and,no,^grannie.- It takes two, to moke: a quarrel, doesn't It? And I cof’thlrily" controlled my tomper, - Ralph : Is. a dear fellow, , but yeiy 'bbstlnate.", ,. Time passed; and / the , young • artist drew, neairtltd: attainment- Of bee hearts, ‘.‘desire. True to hla word, Ralph. Beater kept away from the little',-vstudio.dnd : though; Stic mlseed him; terribly, she would not send for him.slhce that, would ■>.r. mean the relinquishing of her plans and the tact it acknowledgment o t defat. They met occasionally, and their greetings were cordial, but she had to steel herself against tlie mute protest of his eyes, or her firmness might have given way ‘When success crowned her it would- lit* sweet to go.to him and toll him that she had' learnt love’s lesson In the long lonely days of labor, uu bright ened by the presence of her . more than friend. To Jay her head- on his faithful breast and nay (hat shty. was very weary and needed the aupwrrfjs of his flirting, arm, the help of his cifofcy . counsel. ' ,/aNO^ But fickle Fortune tarried. Fojryfive, years Ralph posaeasea his qoifi ( Uf patience. Then he said she wa4v\icjnt'i less, -and4-in bitterness of'spirit he iKfi&Wy.; place, where the. sight of her - tort&vn;^ him with thoughts of. whjit might have* EUa hoard the news m and grew thinner and paler as she worked at her picture. It was for the Academy. Two had already been rejected, but*, through tills she expected to win renown and a public recognition af her genius. Somehow, since they told her of his dc I parture from London, inspirationflagged, and her hand seemed to have lost its mm* , ning. The unexpected shock preyed upon | her health. Often her eyes were wet [ with causeless tcimvrind in the’dlm night: j watches regret. like an unquiet ghost, i.atood beside:her. pillow: and 'banished . She;was beginning to find out Hiat-'shn had fluffed an irreparable loss. . i 