SEVENTY By ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of "The Story of a Penitent Soul," "Jacobi's Wife," "Roger Vanbrough'a Wife," "The Great Mill-street Mystery," "A Life Sentence," "Dr. Endicott's Ex periment," "A Rogue's Daughter," "The Luck of the House," "Casper Brooke's Daughter," "No Ambition," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement .with fch« author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XXVIII.-(Continued.) She ha-d wiblidnnvii lier hand from JUS arm, and paused in the dark road which, they were traversing. He could not see her face distinctly, but, somehow, (he knew that she was trembling. "Don't kit me trouble you," he went on. "I ask for nothing that you do not wish to give. Only-it ever I can- help you--if ever you wan't a friend or a helper, I am .here, always ready. I dare not ask for more than, your friendship-your trust; but you shall iknow, once and for all, that I love you, and always shall love you, to ?the last days of 'my life." . His tone was dogged in its determina tion. Her silence afforded him no hope. Her very attitude seemed to give him, the answer that ;he had dreaded1; it was an at titude of doubt, almost of fear. "Mr. Brendon," ^he said ait last, and her tone was one of distress, "I do not know what to say." - . "There is no need- \to- foeat about tihe bush," he said still doggedly, "tell me at once that you do not love me, that there is no- hope for me, and send me about my business. I know that l. had no right to aspire to you; it was presumption; on my part." "No," said Magdalen1, in a; firmer voice, "I do not -think -thaifc. And yet I cannot tell you to-to-hope, as you phrase it. I do not intend to marry. I have my work." "And is there anything in a marriage with me that would prevent you doing your work?" he asked. "I cannot think of it," she said still dis tressfully. "Don't urge me; don't ask me. I do not feel as if I could ever love again." .The last word came out very slow,'almost inaudfbly; but Max caught it. He started, and kept siience. He had forgotten that dhe had loved a man lika Philip Esher; so different in every -way from himself. Me mories of the old story of her engagement came back to him. No doubt, after all,.=he loved Philip Esher stall. He was a fool. The two were Still standing on the road. Now Magdalen moved on. "Forgive me' if I have hurt vou," she said gently but very firmly. "I didnotmean to mislead you-if I have misled vcu- in the past. I have had my love history and outlived it. I will not marry any mail un less I love him." '"And ycm do not love me. How should you?-I understand." They walked on silently for some little time. Max's heart was full of grief, trouble, and -bitterness; Magdalen's , pulses, -throb bed- with a strange pain, a strange uncer tainlty* In a faltering voice she said at last "Let us fce friends ^fcill, Mr. Brendon. Let us forget what you have said. You can often help and advise me; I shall be so glad of your friendship." In her heart she said, "I cannot do without your friend ship." But as yet sh-e scarcely, recognised that still femall voice. "I have said that is all I ask," Max an swered sadly. "If my friendship is of any use to you I stall feel honored. It ever you want more than friendship from me, it is yours. Call oh me: when yoa will, for what you will." "If, ever I need you," said Magdalen, gravely, "I will not forget what you have said. Here is my hand on it, Mr. Brendon. We are friends still." J They 'had reached fhe garden gate. .Tie walked with her up the drive towards the front door, which, to their surprise, was standing half open. Magdalen guickeucd her steps as she advanced. A flood of light, ?streamed 'from the. Itall; a'hum of voices was 'heard; the place, to their eyes, wore an unwonted aspect. ; "What can be wrong?" Max heard her rather breathe than speak. "My dear," said old Becky, meeting her a't the door, "we've had a loss-and you will fey it sorely. Bear up; my dear; it'll all come right at last." . Magdalen turned deathly pale. "The children! Are 'Shey 'here-here? Let me see -them." .. <r^%ctee> dear Madge," said Miss Jessop, throwing herself tearfully into Magdalen's arms, "it was.not my -fault indeed-. Oh, ?they are quiet well, but- their father came and said they should never see you again -cruel things he said of you; and' he has taken them away to France, I don't know where."-, ...... "Taken them-already?" .. . 'Taken them, saying they should never enter SearsfieM again, nor he either; and no -one to take care of them except a-ser vant,"! wailed1 Miss Jessop. , "This is very sudden," saidi Magdialen, .turning round to Max, with the ghost of a smile upon her white lips. "I thought at least I should fee able 'to say good-.'bye. I am left alone, indeed." "Let me help you; what can11 do?" said Max, thrilled with the sight of', her sor row as he had never been in her calmness. "I will bring tHem back to you." "No, that you cannot dio." She leaiied against the wall as though for. support and put her hands across her eyes. -"It is hard \--.God's will be done." "There, there, she'll be better now," said Becky, seeling -the tears well out from under those full eyelids.- "All we can do is'" to let her. alone now. /Good-night, sir." _ Max could not take the hint without say ing another word. "Is there nothing I can do for you?" he said earnestly. ' "Nothing." "Then- good-night." Her hand was stretched out to him, but she could not speak. He held it till Becky's keen glan-ce warned him -to desist and then went out reluctantly into the night. It was hard to leave her alone in her . sor row and to know -that she had none to comfort her. 