That other Ten Thousand. There can be no doubt that, so far, -our Church has nobly responded to the ? opportunity of contributing to the -Century Commemoration Fund. It is not yet twelve months since we set our selves to raise Fifty Thousand Guineas as a token of our indebtedness to God for His goodness ; and, without any undue pressure, forty . out of the fifty thousand have been promised ; and this . After years of disaster.wbich have greatly reduced the givihg power of our people It is really a wonderful incident in our Methodist history, and will be referred to as such when many of those who have con tributed to the fund have gone to their reward. The true secret of the move ment consist in a widespread feeling of gratitude to God and a more than usually fervent desire to promote the interests of our Church. The spontaneity and enthusiasm of the whole movement has proclaimed it as God-inspired, and is prophetic of a glorious future for Methodism in this magnificent Conti nent. There has been no wearisome and degrading attempts to induce an unwilling people to give. Had that been the case, the effort would have been an ignominious failure from the beginning, and, long before now, nil parties would have been glad to have wound the matter up. But this has not been the case. The spirit of conspcration and self-devotion- has marked the whole movement from the first. Our people have been anxious to give, and, with a very large number of them, the question has not been how little could they give without appear ing to be mean, but ow much could they give without maging other interests of the church. This is as it should be and may be taken as a good token for the future. But what of the other ten thousand which is needed to bring up our efforts to our ideal ? It is not very likely that a church which has done so magnificently during the be ginning of this movement will patiently consent to fall short of the amount on which it set its heart as an offering to God. It is true that a good deal of the ground has been already worked by the Organizing Secretary. It is true that most of the wealthy circuits have been visited. It is true that enthusiasm, like a fire, is apt to burn itself out unless fresh supplies of fuel are heaped upon it. And we may even admit, what some of our ' fearful saints ' appear to have a melancholy interest in repeating, that the last ten thousand will be much more difficult to obtain than the first twenty thousand. But what of that ? There are other things quite as true and much more stimulating and helpful than all the difficulties which a feeble faith is apt to call into view. A church which sets its heart on fifty thousand is not going to collapse because ten out of the fifty thousand, has yet to be collected. Even from a human stand point there is good ground for believing that on the first day of the Twentieth Century the church will have realized its expectations. There is still a year in which to complete this Century Commemoration scheme. That admits, at any rate, of a longer period being devoted to this work than has so far been at our disposal. The Organizing Secretary, whose presence has been a blessing to many circuits has a consider able number of circuits to visit before he has completed his round, and there is no reason to suppoEe that his visits will be in vain. Nor is it quite safe to suppose that because a circuit is in the country and hitherto undistinguished for liberal giving it will contribute but little to this Fund. Some of our country circuits, for their size and Methodist reputation, have far excelled themselves and some, more pretentious centres of population. And we must not suppose that the circuits yet to be,, visited are likely to be less liberal than their competitors in this good work. But there is the spiritual as well as the human basis of expectation. And on that we must more than ever rivet our eyes and our hearts. The Organiz ing Secretary has wisely inti mated that this year should be pre eminently tbe reaping time. Our people have brought their tithes into God's store-house, and in this they have fulfilled the condition on which God has promised to bestow unthought-of and immeasurable spiritual blessings. And now the faith of the church should be steadily fixed on the fulfilment of this promise. We want a great spiritual revival such as the Holy Ghost gives, and tht-n we shall get a new generation of gospel preachers, and then our character and habit as a praying people will be re-established, ana we shall enter upon a new career of spiritual history which will be frought with far-reaching blessings to the people, and constitute a glorious parallel to the times when God made a newly-risen Methodism the greatest moral and spiritual force in the world. And, with this secured, who will longer doubt that the last ten thous and of our gift to God will fail to appear ? No ; let us give ourselves to prayer and to the ministry of the Word, in every way and in all its parts, and we need not trouble about anything else. ' God will bless us, and all the ends of the earth shall fear Him.' 