JANET AND THE EMViL. The Rev. Murdoi,,h S",uli. was long minis ter of the moorlanld pali fh It lisweary in the Vale of Dul. A severe, ,leal -faee.d old man. tirei Clli tL his hiearers, he lheit in the hast years of his life, witholt relativ,, or ser vant, or any humian comp I ny,. in the sC mall and lonely imusen uiier the llaniging Shaw. In spitoof the irion om,posure ofi hI feat ures, his eye was wild, scare'd, and uncertain: and whenhe e dwelt, in lrivate admonitionsi on the futture of the inmpenitent, it seemed as if his eye pierced htrough the slonrisof time to the terrors of eternity. The matnso itself, where it stood by the water of Dule, asmong some thick trees, with the Shaw overhanging it on one side, and on the other many cold, moorland hill- tops rising toward the sky, had begun at a very early period of Mr. Soulis's ministry to be avoided in the dusk hours by all who "prided themselves upon their prudence; and gudemen sitting at the ale-house shook their heads together at the thought of passing late by that dreary neighbourhood. There was one spot, to be more particular. which was rtgarded with es pecial awe. The manse stood between the high road and the water of Dale. The house was two stories high. with two large rooms oft each. It opened notdirectlyon the garden, but on a cause-wayed path. or passage, giving on the road on one hand, and closed on theother by th by the tall willows and elders that bordered on the stream. And it was this strip of causeway that enjoyed among the young parishioners of Balweary so infamous a reputation. The minister walked there often after dark, sometimes groaning aloud in the intensity of his unspoken prayers; and when ihe was fronshome, and the mniso door was looked, the more daring schoolboys ven tured, with beating hearts, to " follow my leader" across that legendary spot. Many, even of the people of the parish, were ignorant of ithe cause of the minister's strange looks and solitary life. Fifty years before, when Mr. Soulis came first into Bal. weary,he was still it young man, full of book learning and grand at expounding it, but, as was natural in so young a man, with no ex perience as a pastor. The younger sort were greatly taken with his gifts and his talk; but old, concerned, serious men and and women were moved even to prayer for the young man whom they took to be a self-deceiver, and the parish that was like to boe so ill supplied. There was no doubt, anyway, but that Mr. Soulis had boon a long time at col. lego. He was careful and troubled for many things beside the one thing needful. He had a great number of books with him-more than had ever been seen before in all that presbytery; and hard work thie carrier land with them, for they were all like to have stopped behind in the Dell's Hag, between Balweary and Kilnmarkerlio. He desired to get an old, decent woman to keep the manse for him, and see to Iis dinners; and he was recommended to an old crone-Janet M'Olour, they called her. There were many advised him to the contrary, for Janet was more than suspected by the best folk in BaL weary. Long before that she had had a child to a dragoon; she had not come to com munion for maybe thirty years; and boys had seen her mumbling to horself up on Key's Loan in the gloaming, which was an unusual time and place for a God-fearing woman. However, it was the laird himself that had first told the minister of Janet; and in those days le would hare gone a great way to please tihe laird. When folks told him that Janet was sold to thel devil, it was all sunperasttiionhesastL.- Wne?itt got-about the village that Janet M'Olour was to be servant at the manse, the folks were fairly mad with both him and her; nadl setie of the women had nothing better to' do than get round hIer door- step and charge her with Cill that was known against her,fromn the soldier's child to John Tamson's two cows. Up site got, and there was not an old story in Balweariy but shie made somebody smart for it that day; they couldn't say one thing, but site could say two to it, till, at last, the gudowives canught hold of her and clawed the clothes off her bnok, and pulled her down tile road to the water of the Dule, to see if she were a witch, and would sink or swim. The ohg shrieked till you could hear hier at the Hang ing Shaw, and she fought itard. There was ninny a gudewife bore the mark of her next day and many a long day after; and just in the hottest of the hubbub, who should come up but the new minister. "Women," said hlie (and he had a grand voice), " I charge you in the Lord's name to let her go." Janet ran to him--ahe was fairly wild with terror-and clung to him, had prayed hilm, for Christ's sake, to save her from her tor mentors ; and they, for their part, told him all that was known, and maybe more. " Woman," says he to Janet, "is this true ?" " As thle Lord sees me," says she, "' as the Lord made me, not a word of it. Saving the child," says she, " I've been a decent woman all my days." "Will you," says Mr. Sualis, "in the name of God, and before me, his unworthy minister, renounce thedevil'and his works 7" Well, it would appear that when lie naked that, site gave a groan that fairly frightened those who saw her, and they could hear her teeth grind together in her jaws ; but there was nothing for it but the one way or the other; and Janet lifted up her hand, and re nounced the devil before them all. " And now," said Mr. Soulls to the good women, " home with you, one and all, and pray to God for his forgiveness." And he gave Janet Iis arm, thlough she had little on her but a shift, and took her up the rond to her own door like a lady of thie land ; and her screeching and laughling was a scan dal to be heard. There were many solemo-faced people long over their prayers that night; but when the morning came there was such fear fell upon all Balwcary that the children hid them' selves, and even tihe men folk stood and peeped from their doors. For there was Jandt coming down the road- sbhe or ier likeness, none could tell-with her neck disjointed, and iher Iroead on one side like a body that had bhen hanged, and a looek on Ier facelike an unburled corpno. By and by they got used to it, and even looked at her to see what was wrong; but from that day forth snie couldl'not speak like n Chlris Clan woman, butstuttered and stamnmered, and tie namine of God never came on her lips. Sometimes sithe tried to say it, but it might rot be. Those that knew Ier best said 10stC but they never gave that Thing the name of Janet t1'Olour, for old Janet, tlny tlhought, was In tie deepest Itell by this time. Dut the 'minister was neither to hold nor to bind he preached about notling but the cruelty of tiln people that had given her a stroke of the palsyl she punished the children that tor mented her, and hIe had her uIp to the manso tnatannmo night, ansi dwelt thoro all aloone witlh her under.theo Hanging Shlaw. About the end of Juno theore anmo a spell of weather, the like of which ward never known before; It vwas elose, and hlt, and breatlless; and yet It wus5gusty, too, with gusts of wind that wlistlo d tlsrough tne glenes, and bits of showers tisat moistened nothing. lIr. Boulls could neither oat nor sleep, and 5wh0en he was not writing at his weary book Ie would bhe roiilnlng over the country-side lilkeo a man possessodl, when everybody else was gliadl to kIeep cool withlin thie IteICn·e. Above tIhe Ilanging Sdimw, ill tlio bonld of the lIlack Hill, there is a bit of inclosedI grouCid wsitlh n iron giate, at onn time thIe clmurclhyard of hllsvcary, and enosecratld by the pIipists mefoIre tiiihe blessed llth tshone mImi the lmillgdmll,. It w t It'ii great resort of lMr. Siulio's; tihere liei iCl nhliLt id(,,n sHier his eTernmmton. \YeVll, ns he c-isU o Imver thIe west end of Illaelk Ill mlio day, lie saw flrat two, then four, and then seven black n-w, living llUIIr n and ;ll llll :).ov tll(e old chuchnai.l. They ilow low ana heavy, and qua kt to one anothiiler He wa lint easily startle:l, and went ntraight u0o to the walls; and what did he nee but a mna. sit ting in the inside uion a grave. lie wa:s of great staturc, and black .s hell, and his eyes weren ingular to -.Ce. Mr. Soulis had heard of htlck inll tianny t ?imes; buIt there \l soIII II llug rlllll nl allll this black llilll that cauite. l oi'niu i tt t (i , lit iip, Ie Solilk, for i ll of thal, :ta aid:i "l y frieil are you a stranger in thi- plae ? The black n an1 swere ll not i f lld; hle gotL upon his feet, and begain lto iwallk it the %taill ion the far side; but he still lokl . :it the minister. and the minister .stood ald looedI. bhck, till udnhlenly the llack ain ors over tI wall Soulis, le lardly kne. i hy, ran after him, but lie was wearied with his walk, and the hot, unwholesomel weath I; andl run ias he would hlie got no more than a glimpse of the black ani among thein trees, till le got :lown to the foot of the hillnille, and there ?he sa him once more, going holepeetlp-ad-junp over Dule water to the itianse Mr. Soulis was not pleased that this ill looking creature should make so free with Balweary sanse, and he ran the harder, linbut no black man was there to be seen. lie stopped out upon tilhe roadl, bulit there was no body there ; li went all over the garden, but saw no black man. At hoIt, and it is feared a little timidly, as was but natural, he lifted the hasp and went into the manse, and there was Janet Iho'tlour before his eyes, with her broken neck, and none too pieased to see him. And ihe then remembered that when first he set his eyes upon her lth felt the same cold and deadly shiver. " Janet," said he, " have you seen a black man '1" " A black man !" quoth she. " Save us all I You are not in your right mind, minis ter. There is no black man in all Bal. weary." But she did not speak plain, you must understand, but chaimped like a pony with the bit in its mouth. "Well, Janet," said he, "if there is no black man, I have spoken with the Evil One." And he sat down like one with a fever, and his teeth chattered in his head. " Psitaw!" said site; "think shame to yourself, ministerl" And she gave him some brandy, which she always kept by her. Soon Mr. Sulisnt wnt into his study among his books. Down hi sat, and thought of all that had come and gone since he was in Bal weary. The mores'e thought, the more he thought of the black man. H tried to pray, but the words would notiome to him; and he tried, they say, to write at his book, but he could not do anything at that. There were times that he thoughtnthe black man was at his side, and the perspiration stood on hit cold as well water; and there were other times when ie came to himself lite a Christian child and minded nothing. The upshot was that he went to the window, and stood look ing yover Dule water. The trees are rather thick, and the water lies deep and black under the man ; thre waa Janet wash ing the clothnes, with her skirts gathered about her waist. She r back to the minister, and he, for his part, hardly k now what he was looking at. Suddenly she turned around and lonwed her face. Mr. Stulls felt the same cold shiver as twice before on that day, and it reminded him of what people said, that Janet had died long since, 'and this was a demon in her clay-cold flesh. He drew back a little and scanned her narrowly. She was washing the lothes, sinuging to hrself and, oh, God guide us, but it was a frightful face I Then sItt sang louder, but there was no man born of woman tht could tell othe wordns of her song. And at tites she looked side-long down, but thers was nothing there for her to look at, There went a shudder through the flesh upon his bones, and that was heaven's warning. But Mr. Soulso just blamed himself, ie said, to think so ill of a poor, old, afflicted creature who had not a friend but htimself. And he offered up a prayer r for himself and her, and drank a little water-for his heart rose against the meat and went up to hise bed I the gloaming. That was a night thamt as never been for gotten in Ialwoary, tihe ight af the seven teenth of August, 1712. It had been hot before, as I have said, b?t that night it was bettor than ever. The cii went doni' itiniobg' uncouth-looking cloud ; not . star nor a breath of wind Yaou co d not see your haud before yoar face, anti b en tie old folk cast the covers Ifrom their beds and lay antiing for their breath. With all that he had upon his mind, Mr. Soulls was troubled; the good, cool bed that lie got into scorched his very bones; he slept and wak ened; he heard the time of night, and a dog howling upt the moor as it somebody was dead; Ih thouglt lie heard devils shouting in his ears, and saw ghosts in the room. HIe must, tIo thought, besick, and sick lie was- little lie understood the sickness. At last his mind got clearer, and he sat up oil the bedside, and fell to thinking once more of the black man and Janet. He could not weltll tellhow-maybe it was tle cold,to his feet-but it came in upon hit,. like a flash, that there was some contnection be tween the two, and that either or both of. them were demons. And just at that moment in J,anet's room, which was next to his, there calme a scuafle of feet, as if men were wrestl ing, and then a loud bang; then a wind went rustling around the four quarters of the house, and then all was once more as silent as the grave. MIr. Soulis was afraid of neither man nor devil. He got his,tinder-box and lit a candle, land made three steps towards Janet's door. It was standing ajar, and he pushed it open, and walked boldy In. It was a big room, as bigas the minister's and filled with grand, old, solid tuiniture, for lie had nothiig else. There was a four-post bed with old tapestry, and a broad cabinet of oak, put there to ha out of the way, and a few clotlhes of Janet's lying here and there about the floor. But no Janet could Mtr. Soull see, nor any sign of contention. In'lie went (andthero's. fete that would have followed him), and looled around nd listened. But there was nothing to be heard, neither inside the manse nor in all Balweary parish and nothing to be seen but the little shadows 'turning round the candle. And thaen all at once the minister's heart fluttered and stood stock-still, and a cold wind blow among the hairs of his head. What a weary sight was that for the poor man's eyel' For there was Janet, hanging from a nail beside the old oak cabinet; her head lay on her shoulder, her eyes were bloody,tle tongue projected from her mouth, and her liheels were three feet clear above the floor. " Ood forgive us all I" thought Mr. Soulls; " poor Janet's dead." He came a step nearer to the corpse, and then hil heart fairly leaped in his breast. For, by what mari it would ill-berseem a man to Judge, sie was hanging from a single nail, and by a single worsted thread for darning hose. It is an awful thing to be alone at night with such a prodigy of darkness, but Lr. Snoull was strong in the Lord. lie turned and went his way out of that room, and looked the door behind him, and went, step by step, down the stnirs, iemavy as lead, and set down the candle on tihe table at the stair-foot. Hs could not pray; he coula not think; he was dripping witllh cold sweat, and nothing could he Ihear but thie thumpin-n of his own heart. Hie may have stood thrr ans hlour, or maybo two, hie minded so little, when allof a sudden hie heard a la, un usual rustle up stalrs, and a foot went to and fro in the chamber whore the corpse was hanging. Next tie door wns opcned--thouih he had minded well that it' had locked itt and than there was a stop upon the lan?ing, and it seeomed to him as If the corpse as looking over thie rail and down upon lhim where he stood. H' took up the candlo again, and, .as quickly as he could, went stnrigh nt oat f thie manse and to tihe far and of the caruse wray, It was sItill pitch dark; the flame of lthe candle, when hie eot it' on thie roundn burnedt steady and clear'nas In ii roont;ithlinbg movcd but tine Dule.avntcr, aeting trnd sob bing downi the gleet;and Olhoulnholy fotatstel that came tolling lown tiire stair inside toine mansn 'He kne Ol the' footstop well, for it was Janet's; and ut onch step, \hich came a little nearer,tltho cold got tdeeper In lis vitals. lHe commenddhbiatoul to Him'than t madtle and kept'lim i u li, Lord," sail he, give lioestrhglt.ti1, ht to war npigulast tlb P°wek?s °f evi'. ? 'l t.' 'y this timl•le tta 'nmng through t shduieaRaRfff·t.lIn del'teu',] HOs enoull hUar ahmnnt I el do ?long in atnlf the tlar fultihhg was fietl qirlip. icy The bnitclhls toacel and maned 'leu otlt; It long sigl ' cn i g p v a r , t e 'h e ' ll ls ?" th e hu n t o e r Ih e en ntl le a-it bldib biiutill I andtl theme sLoodl tlhe cortila ofat hriwn Jotu nt, twith Ihr fnrocghla. g ,o w n nn d 1i r b eL s h a w l, w tY i t oh h ,e tI onlin th, ta fita if it-Ilvitng, yot wouil have Ltii tlhrelsholl of the tmnse., hie did not stand theore long. She began tL, mIei( again, anll came slowly toward Mr. Sumlis where lie stood under the trees. All the life of his body and the strength of bis spirit were starting from his eyes. It seemod shen was goinF to speakl, but wanted words, and mande a sign with the ]eft hand. There came a gust-of wind, like a l'et's-paw; out went the candle, the tree tops monned like human beings, and MIr. Soulis knew that, live or die. this was the end of it. " hit(ch, beldame, devil!" ioe cried, "I chaige you by the piower of God, begone! If you he dead, to the grave; if you be damned. to hell." And alt that moment the Lord's own hand, oullt of the hieIIvens'i, sirule thle horror wiere it, sto.ed. The (hii, dead, desecrated corpse of the wileh-wife, so long keipt from the grave andl hustled arTound by devils, flashed up like lamin birimstone. and tell in ashes to the .groiund. T''? tIthunder (i(ie, peal n peaIl, followed by the pouring rain, and Mr. Soiulis leaped through the glardetn etidge and ran. wilh leap upon leap, for the village. That salime iorlig John Christie raw ithe black man pass the lieckle Cairn as it was striking six. Before eight, he went by the inn it Kinolckdown; and not long after Sandy MlcLellabi aw him i go slinking down the road from Killierlie. There's lit le doubt but it was himt that dwelled so long in .Janet's body. But Ihe' was caught at. last. and since then the devil has never troublled ltalwt oery. But it was a Sore dispensation for the minister. Lontg, long li he lay raving in his bed, and from that hour to this he was a changed man.-" The Argonaut." 