^j SAILING NOTES. l¥r OtfE-KATERS VERSUS OPEN BOATS. SOME ISTE11ESTING FACTS. Herein Wins the Sydney hailing Chili's Class V Kcnornl Handicnp in Uolloi I'n'sliion— Close ltnciiiir Among -1ib Cruisers— St. George Sniling Club— A Cipiinl Finisli— Other items. (Cy 'WEATIIER-BYB.'O There can now bo no doubt as to Ihe su perlor sailing qualities' of. the ono- rater as compared to those of the blR-slded, unlimit ed sail and crow, open 22tt bont.'and thero is now no occasion 16 ' travel miles to the old country to learn the truth of this as sertion, nnd Mr.' Mark Foy heed no longer lay the flattering unction -to his soul that tho average ?22-footor ia any; kind of: a match for a boat designed on tho English principle. For the truth has boon only too palpably thrust upon us that such is not Ihe cane, and sceptical as patrons of tho unlimited sail craft have been in tho past, they now must admit of tho superior merits In almost- any kind of -weather oftho 20ft linear rnter on all points ot sailing. And '?well, they may after the two convincing tests tho ox-New Zdalnnd one-rater Mcrcla ban given them, both 'In' n moderate and strong brcezo alike.. . In the former wind Mercia proved the. faster, typo of boat, 'off the. same mark,' by Smin .40sec . over a course measuring less than ten miles In her 'strong-wind test, over aBJmllar dis tance, she arrived home llmiiiDsee In front of her nearest attendant, after having con ceded her a start; at thooutsot, of 3min. This latter performance I00K place last Saturdav, when tho Sjdne} Sailing Clun treated their supporters lo an ; interesting afternoon'.', racing This consisted ot a geiicrar handicap under Class A' conditions, best and best,' and a Class B handicap (rails limited to the ordiniry -vvoiking hall-,, cxceptini; a balloon jib— a -\ery neces sary adjunct to tho 'cruiser ') It was in tho former laco that Mercia was listed to appear, but until the actual ly crossed the starting-line grave doubts hid boon entertained ni to whether sho would reall} bo a competitor in the race, owing to c\ccntlon being taken 1^ hot crew, I uudei stand, to the starts she was called upon, to gt\e her lhals H wa^, therefore! a relief to the man .who had ven tured his mite on tho rnter 10 see her safe lv iu piusuit of her opponents and it wab soon apparent that the c\ecutho Ind shov\n wisdom in tho stand the} had takeu in re pard to the handicaps These v ere as fol low — Mcrcla, 20ft 1 r (Fred Dornn), bcr , Bflie, 22ft (N Johnbon). lmin, PIo\ei, °2ft (\V R Gifffllhs), Srain, Southern Cross, 24ft (P Holmes), Gmln, Australian, ISft (Chris Webb), 'l£mln, and Donnelly, 18ft (G Holmes), lOmin All tho competitors got away in accordance to their respective signals— the times as iis.ua! being given at the start With the wind blowing strong and steady from tho north-east, lower sails onl} was the order ot the da}, nrd even these; ^subsequent events will. show, proved more than a couple of the contestants could comfortably carr} In the opening bo trd down.tho harbor, it was. soon apparent that whatc-vei Kflle s merits might be ir a \er} light wind, Mr M'Muiinc's bontjiadn t,a ghost of a chance v llh tho rrtei In anything like a breeze After pacing Bflie to leounrd at the point, the rater went to windward in a remarkable manner, catching Southern Cross, as she did, in tinder Bradlcy's Head, and Donnelly on the run up lo Shark Island l-rom thlb out she held the lead, evcnluall} winning by o\ei Jlmin tram l'lovei That the ra ter was c\cel!outl- handled goes wltlout paying, and indeed tho manner in which bhc tore through the water, itioit of the tune sond'nE a Him ot water the length of her decks, was a sight not to bo forgotten Thi:- makes-iier ninth, hid in .33 tries so far this season, whilst her total winnings for the same period amount to all but £30, ex clusive of a troph} ~bo won caily In tho season. JfEIim, DCIONTD Ti\ LOOVS BROS, OF UiCltlAXD, N Z With 3rain uOsec still in hand from Plover after rounding Tort Dcnlson, thoilS-footcr Donnelly would certainly have secured se cond plnce had it not been for the fact that she capjl/cd oft Athol It was a bit of hard luck for the vcteian Holmes to lose his boat from under him after having kept hib'rraft steadily goirs for so long a time The mishap to Donnell} gave the second P1I70 to Plover, which had no difficulty in ilnlbhlng a -long »aj ahead of Southern Ores* Plover did better lain usual, and no doubt had Dfllu not half filled vlth wa torsTVhon in T.^loi Bay the two 2J-footqrb would have made a close UUnr ot It Sou thern, Cross appealed to lie considcutbly o-.ei manned, and, of.course Uiidei Ihc ch cumstanccs could not bo r\pected lo show tn*a'd\antagc Although tho whipper-in at 'thp'jflnlsh, Ihc third prize fell to her ^Uarlyin tho race Australian met with a misfortune in the carrying aw ar ot hoi throat halyaid, and was, as, a consequence, forced to letirc. In addition tothecashprireb, amountlnfi In £10 the successful competitors count points fOEjMcssrs J Fogg and T Talbot s trophy this being the becond contest of a scries of three oventb to djclde tho wmuei The points scored up to the present arc as fol low:; Plover. ?J.'EUic ana Morciaii each,.sou thorn Cross and Austiullaii 1 each The Class B Race piomoted by tho club attracted a very laigo onto, 37 of the 20 boats entcicd turning up at the testing place Contrar\ lo tho general rule, and with one ccccptlon the foui places wero filled; by Ihc long-btart boats, which maac 11 capital race of it right throughout, Wyuua,- aftei conceding Juno 4Jmln, just cutting the latter oil I a few yards fiom tho home mmk, wbllo Ethel and Ida May fin ished a close third and fourth respectively. The wiuuei was skilfully handled by II. Cooper, while iu this rcspoet FV- Hnrwood; Juno's sklppor, was not behind. .J. Nichols sailed Kthel, nnd that he must have gotali he could out of the 23-footer may bo gather ed from tho fact that during the race Ethel passed uo rower man ten 01 nor rivals.. Ida May hnd the limit start of 25mln..' ' Tha club, us usual, chartered- tho Lady Man ning to follow the racing, and- with the aln' o£ their ofllcicut officers wero able to sui cessfully .tick oft' tholr second last race on iho programme. The third and final struggle for Vice Commodore Marietta's prize in connection witb. the St. Goorgo Sailing Club, produced six starters, theso including: Arthur, 22ft ?se'r.; Vunduara, ISft, aud Yvonne, 18ft, 2imln each; Nereid, ISft, 5min; Edith, Hft, 15min'; Vera, 14ft, lGraln 30scc. The en tries also Included fra 18tt, Vacuna ISft, and Tho Gift aud Diadem 10ft, but none ot theoo faced tho starter. The event was splendidly coutcsted between Arthur, Nereid, and Vanduara. Seconds only separated tho trio at tho finish, whero Arthur had u lead of 20sec from Noreid, with Vanduara 35sec further astern, and Yvonne 2mtn B5sec behind the latter. Ne reid secured the vlce-commodpro's pri?o of £10 by 1 point from Arthur, Vanduarh cominc tblr11 iu tl!0 competition. The en trance fees received during the series ot the three races to decide the v Inner go to the second and third boats rcpcctiVcl} IV. Duncan had charge ot tho winner in Satur day's race, while Nereid and Vanduara wero sailed by A. Duncan and A. Selmou respectively. Since their initial meeting' this- season tho two .new 16ft linear rators, Fay and Yankee, have sailed several private matches. The last of these jvas sailed on Saturday under tho auspices ot the Sydney Amateur Sailing Club, when, owing to an accid-c-nt to Fay's standing rigging, Yan keo scored ' a hollow victory In two previous matches sailed Fay was returned tho winner on each oocaKion, and no doubt had all gone well with Mr. Fairfax's little vessel in Saturday's race, sho would have proved very hard to beat, for just prior to her mishap sho had a good substantial lead ot Yankee, and this notwithstanding tho fact that sho hnd had lirao to capsizo and right herself again and then catch ''her rival iGfore llttlo more than a mllo of the course, had boon -travelled.-' As I have already mentioned lri a former issue, ?both these boats aro from different designs, Fay being , from 0110 of- Union Hope's-. latest di-i- ings, whllo Yankee a3 might bo judged b} hei namo, Is of American dc blgu, Clinton-Crane having prepaicd her plans -,jU-.',ti Uncll Saturdav lost nothing, for some little cl no past, had been heard of our Oft dincy ; organisation... ? H. however, traiis pl.eE tnal the uolngs of tho littlo follows have not been mado known during tho past few w«cks owing to tho absence of one of ihe eli'b otliLinls The result of a han dicap snlled ot Saturday uas a win foi CrriCcnt (If Waterhouse), nlth Lettltla (\V &mlth;) cecoud lloth theso tiny craft wet, 011 icrati'h, and that they mado a h.i:d light of It irom start to Qniah may bo gauged bj mo fuel thai, at the IlaithUhON wcic within lOsec of one another Othello and Jreno also started, but they settled tl cir cnances at the outset, the latter cap 'il/mg, while something \,cut wrong with Othello s gear 'Iho \a.rloub clubs hav aTanged the fol lowing bis piogiamme of racing ton Satur da} next — Prince Alfred Yacht Club, Consolation Handicap and All Yachts' Sncepstnkc, Sydney Amateur Club, 16 footeis' class i.icr, 20-fcoters' handicap, Jobnslono s Dav. club, general handicap, S.vdnev Dingy Club, lift and 18ft Imndl enps, North Sidney Cluo, general handi caps, Mossman's Da} Cluo, geaeial handt c^!!, St Georgo Club, Class A Iu the event of nn International vlritoi, in tho form ot a 1-rater, al the big regatta to bo held no\t vcar, local }aohtsraen aTo confident that In Mcicia they cotildn t ha\e a better representative T\o races wore sailed on Saturdnv loot open to all tho Ilobson's Day clubs for prizes presented by Lord Brasse} Tlip anangoraenta wero earned out by the Vic torian lachtini Association Theio were thrco competitors In each lace, both o\ontj being called In a light S to S lj wind The first rnco v a? foi yachts exceeding 2Vft 1 w 1 Tho starteis In this wero Sajonara White Wlugs, and Salacln The handicap was .. scaled cne, and the course (1-1 mile!:) was the same iu each race Sa}onira led fro:n Iho jump, and,atthbfini3h Was all but l'fmin nbead of Salacia The lattoi and White Wings made a gloat, lace ot It tlnougiiout, both boats flnishing^. within lmin lOscc of one—another After opening the handicaps tho Messrs Wallace Bros', ca^onara was found to nave won bv 1mln 30scc from White Wings which had secured second place on lime allowance by Oimu oCsec irem Salacia Iho socoud race was started five minutes after tho Drst race, and i.us for }achU, uol cceediiiE 27ft lw 1' The Sitortera weio Messrs .Scott and Amcss' Aorore (scratch), Mr W Knight's Misteiy (lmlu iSsec), aud M, S Da} s Leisuie Hour (lmin 4Sbcc) Beating to the lightship, Aorere and M}b ter} outsailed Leisure Hour, which boon afterwards retiied Aoicrc had opened out a gf-od leau flora Mystery at the end of the iliot rouud, cud wideued the gap otlll fur ther iu the second Sho finished at 5a 47iain 29scc, and Mysterj at Bh 57mlu 33sec Aorcro thus won, after deducting handicap, bj limin 3scc Mr Alfred Gollln vlco-commodoro ot tho Uoyal Yacht Club, Victoria, is reported to have left London by tho Oncnf steamer Omiah on the lGth ult , and will uriHe In Melbcuruc carl} ue.\t mouth Mr Gollln nas sent out orders to nave, his- yacutuira placed In commission Iho salliug- off ot tho Dawsou Troph} Race, for which tho Uira secured a leg-In ' la=-t season, has been postponed until his rcturu The Koji'l Perth Yacht Club held an open handicap laco on the 10th ult'nio l'on yarhlb staited, aud the Imlbh waj a close 0110 betweeu 1'clkio aud Waiatah, 12scc only bcpnrating Iho pail at the ilnlsh, Yel klc getting home ilrfat, vihilc Inez llnUhed third, lrniu -ijsec behind Waratah lo some extent the interest in the race \ as spoilt by Kjlie making a late start, foi both she and Circo aluaja c\cltc 11 lot ot interest when competing logether Duilng the race Clrcc opcacd out a foug lead in a light wind She iluibhcd in si, but was 111 able to concede the placed yachts theii lespectho time!:. 