Retiring President's Address. Fathers and Brethren and Members of the Conference, — It is with a chastened spirit that I rise to address you. Still my soul doth magnify the Lord and my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour, because he hath not taken His tender mercies from me, in that He has spared my life and restored my health. I desire in the presence of you all to express mv unfeigned and heart felt thanks to the ex-President, the Rev. E. J. Rodd, for the invaluable help I have received from him during the year. His marked abilities and gracious spirit have shielded me from the strain of official duties, which medical authority warned me not to risk. I am sure we all feel that he has laid our Church and me also under obligations that we can never repay. Referring to the pastorate, the year has been a very trying one, several of the ministers have been laid aside for a time by severe sickness ; others have had sore bereavements, and I am sorry to add that five of our ministers have died. THE DEPARTED. The names of our beloved brethern who have died during the year, will re ceive due and loving .regard during the sessions of this Conference, brief mention only is permitted now. Early in the year we were all grieved to hear that Brother Graham had in the midst of his days been suddenly smitten down by the hand of death. Frank, true-hearted, genial, hard-working, and faithful unto death. Later on we bowed in sorrow and submission before the author of life and death, when we knew that in the midst of his labours, the devout and lov ing spirit of Brother Webb had passed within the veil. Courteous, ruling his own spirit, a dilligent student, a thought ful preacher, in Fiji, Queensland, and here he won the esteem and love of all to whom he ministered. After an ex tended and faithful ministry. Brother Hill has been suddenly called to his rest. He was marked by a sturdy devotion to duty, the firmness with which he held his convictions, and the conscientious discharge of the duties of his office. God has taken Father Wilkinson to rest, during half of this century his saintly character and loving labours have en riched our church, and now, esteemed by his brethren, beloved by the people, satisfied with favour and length of days he sleeps in Jesus. We sincerely mourn the sudden death of our noble Mission ary Brother Lindsay, whicn took place a few days ago. For twenty-nine years he rendered signal service to our mission cause in Fiji, and held its most respon sible positions at the time of his decease. Our beloved brethren have all exchanged the pain and toil of earth for the rest and rejoicing of heaven. They all died in the faith, and are more than con querors. Our Church has been further impover ished by the death of several loyal and beloved layman, some of whom were members of the Conference. Their voices have ceased from our councils, but their works follow them. May He who is a father of the fatherless and a judge of the widow continue to comfort those that mourn, and bind up the broken hearted. We lovingly cherish the memory of the pious lives, devoted service, triumphant deaths if our lay and ministerial brethren ; but we are much concerned that the bright succession of Christian workers should be continued to our Israel. May the sons of our people be baptised for the dead, and keep the grave yard from becoming richer than the living Church. We rely upon the old ancestral tie : Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and upon the promise, that instead of the fathers shall be the children. Oh that the young men of our Zion may catch the descending mantles of our modern Elijahs and be baptised with a double portion of their spirit. This is the closing year of the nineteenth century, and this is the last New South Wales Conference of the century. Before the opening session of next Conference a new century will have opened upon the world, while this century, which has terminated the lives of millions, and like an irresistible torrent hurried them on to death and eternity will with all its tears and laughter, bane and blessing, gaiety and tragedy, and life and death, have gone for ever. For obvious reasons there has been no occasion like this in the history of Australasian Methodism, for at the end of the last century we had neither minister, church, class, synod, nor conference in this country. And as no similar occasion can occur for a hundred years, it seems fitting, there fore, that on this occasion my remarks should have reference to the century which before another conference will have gone forever. My subject is PROGRESS IN THE CENTURY. When by-and-bye the judicial historian shall calmly write down the story of the restless and complex life of this century will it not stand out as one of the greatest in the era, as being untiring in its activity and rich in marked and manifold progress. The first century, indeed, must stand 'alone in its own simple majesty for ever... .The manger bed, the God ministry, the great sacri fice of Calvary, the resurrection, pente cost, the first gospel evangel, give it a glory all its own, and have called forth' the tears and love, the reverence and homage of all succeeding centuries. But if we exempt that, can the progress of any century of the era, present a greater, a more vivid, contrast between its commencement atid its close than! this : The massive personality of Luther aud the renewed proclamation of the great doctrine of justification by faith, gave distinction to the sixteenth century. The great revival under Wesley and Whitfield was the crowning glory of the eighteenth century. But it is not easy to estimate the rich and varied progress of the past hundred years. Indeed, we must limit ourselves to two or three points having some bearing on our work as a Church. The progress of natural science and thought in the century has left our spiritual work as a Church as necessary and im portant as ever. The general progress of Methodism in the century should inspire gratitude and renewed effort. The growing importance of our sphere of labour in this land adds to the magnitude and solemnity of our trust and responsibility. CENTURY COMMEMORATIONS. The century commemorations in the century are significant and interesting. The religious progress of the century has been greatly promoted by the in fluence of a group of Christian institu tions which began near the opening of the century, and have been just contem poraneous with its course. This will be seen if we look at the centennial periods which gather round the century's close. It is only twenty years ago that the century commemoration of the great Sunday - school movement awakened such general demonstrations of gratitude and gladness. It is just six years ago that one of the great foreign mis sionary societies attained the hundredth [ year of its noble toil. It is but a year ago that the Religious Tract Society r recounted the gracious achievements of e just a hundred year.s of work in publish- t ing and distributing Christian literature, c While the great and noble British and t Foreign Society is just four years s younger than the century itself. The c religious progress of the century : the t progress that is which involves the £ spiritual and supreme interests of a humanity, has been vastly promoted by I the Christian and combined influence c of these four great Protestant societies. May I call your attention to another £ four century commemorative occasions t which have taken place within this £ century ? Two of these indicate the 1 advance of the English-speaking race, ^ and two are an index to the general s growth of Methodism. Only twenty- i four years ago the one hundredth anni- i versary of the great Republic of America - was celebrated. Just a dozen years ago, i there were great rejoicings in this city ( and all over the land in commemoration - of one hundred years of British rule in ] Australasia. In the earlier half of the £ century the centenary of British Metho- £ dism was celebrated, and in the latter - half the hundredth anniversary of I American Methodism was duly honored, i PROGRESS OF SCIENCE. ^ We can have no quarrel with true ] science. Nay, we rejoice that the , physical and timeward interests of ( humanity have been promoted by the ^ progress of natural science in the , century. Natural science has made more , progress in this century than in all the J previous centuries put together. The , night has been lit up almost with the ( brightness of the day. Steam has per- : vaded our modern life, impressd itself , upon sea and land, increased the work ing force of the world a million fold, 1 made transit rapid and pleasant. ' An almost continued line of steam marks off the great highways of the earth and , seas. Steam navigation has given us an open world, and swift transport to the productions of distant climes and countries. Electricity is more wonder ful still, a force and illuminator, it im pels our new trams, lights up our city ; makes the world almost as sensitive as the human brain, brings continents widely separated from one another with in whispering distance, and flashes intelligence round the world almost with the rapidity of thought itself. Photo graphy has retained for us the vanished features of departed ones, and revealed in the depths of space great worlds of light which the most powerful telescopes could not disclose. Medical science has made signal progress, by choloform, thousands have been rendered uncon scious during operations which would have been an agony, but for its influence. Astrology has made way for the splendid results of modern astronomy ; and alchemy for the marvels of modern chemistry. Thus applied, science has mitigated the pain and augmented the pleasure of millions. TRAINING AND ACTIVITY OF THE MIND. But further, there has been a marked advance during the century in the train ing and activity of the mind. This century has given education to the masses. The child of the poorest can get an education that the son of a prince cculd not get a century ago. The know ledge which used to be the privilege of the few is now the posession of all. The public press has become a great force in the distribution of modern literature and general news. Great current events are chronicled in newspapers which are scattered broadcast over the world. The printing press has to keep at it too, for the live paper of to-day is dead to morrow. The ample page of knowledge, ?rich with the stores of time, is thrown wide open to all. A wider range has been given to human vision ; the mind has been able to soar to the lofty and ?dive to the profound. Matters that used to be restricted to courts and cab inets now receive free discussion at the carpenter's bench and smith's anvil. The intellect has been brightened by the attrition of mind on mind-^-a spirit of inquiry runs through all ranks. But all this progress of the physical and the intellectual has left the needs of man's noral and religious nature as great as sver. So absorbing, however, has the ime life become in the progress of this sentury, that numbers seem to regard ,his life aud the material as being all in ill, while the supernatural and the -rdinances of worship and religion are ,reated with neglect or repelled with scorn. We admit that if this life were ill, and if all that belongs to man could je screwed down beneath the coffin lid, wd buried beneath the clods of the /alley ; if virtue and vice, immortality md responsibility were meaningless ;erms, then man would be justified in jiving his whole attention to the life that jow is for in that case this is the only ivorld he would ever know. But the soul is immortal : the resuirection moru ng will dawn. The great white throne will be set up. There is an august jternity : future retribution is a great reality. There is a spirit in man ; his character here will shape his destiny for 3ver yonder. Science and culture are precious things and in their proper sphere can do wonders. But the 3piritilal is not their sphere. They iannot like divinity command the Eaculties of the soul, apart from the fountain opened in the house of David, bhey have no occult secret by which the pollution of sin can be removed from the human conscience ; they cannot draft spiritual life into human spirit ; they cannot give comfort in the sorrows of this mortal life, and in that solemn moment that comes to all, when the spirit leaves the earthly tabernacle and all stranger like enters the invisible world, they are powerless to conduct the departing soul to a blessedness it shall never outlive, and which an eternal God shall never cease to communicate. Notwithstanding all that philosophical infidelity may affirm, in all that belongs to man's highest nature, his relation to the Eternal, his accountability, he is as dependant upon the spiritual as ever. Can all the mental wealth, all the brilliant progress of the century secure pardon for sin, the renewal of the nature, peace with God, triumph in death, the position of acceptance in the judgement, and life for ever more, be yond death and the grave ? Nay, for all these transcendant spiritual blessings the human soul is forced back in sole dependance upon the supernatural, and upon the one name whereby man can be saved. Now it is to this high level of the spiritual and the everlasting that our work as a church belongs. We are witnesses for God and immortality. We exist for the salvation of souls. We are not insensible to the advantages oi comely structures, efficient choirs, trained workers, and replenished trea suries, but we have never been satisfied without spiritual achievements. Wc have always maintained the supremacy of the spiritual, and must uphold it still, After ail the advance of the age Methodism is needed as much as ever As long as we have the sick and the poor and the dying around us ; as lon^ as the bereaved need consolation, th- young religious training ; as long as six needs pardon, and the heart renewal as long as an island in the South Seai is without the gospel, so long must wi keep up our goodly fellowship, kee] open our Sunday Schools, sustain th- ordinances of worship, and fill ou: pulpits with godly and gifted men ; S' long must we pray that our Divin Master may baptise the living heart o our church with his own mighty passioi for the salvation of souls. PROGRESS OF METHODISM IN THE CENTURA One of the features of the religious lif of the century has been the progress c Methodism throughout the world. A this is the last Conference of our Churc in this Mother Colony in this century affords an opportune occasion for a bri- review of the progress of Methodisi throughout the world in that period, is certainly in no spirit of unhallowt vaunting that we note the advance - the principles and polity of our Churcl Indeed the growth has been so sign: and significant that to ignore it at sue i a time would be to do dishonour to tl i Divine giver of all spiritual blessing i and to deprive ourselves of the ei ; couragement and hope that progress so justly fitted to inspire. Our brethren t of other Christian Churches in this land, J in whose success we unfeignedly and c heartily rejoice, would hardly regard 1 such an epitome of the advance of ( Methodism in the century as obtrusive f or vainglorious. As I have said, the i growth has been great. As far as mere 1 numbers are concerned, it may be t roundly stated thus : the average in- t crease for each ten years lias not been less than two and a- quarter millions — - a total of twenty-two and a-half millions t in the century. i BRITISH METHODISM. £ If we turn our eyes to the Old Land, ] the mother of Methodism, it is easy to t see that her natural strength is not i abated, her eye is not dim. The old ] Methodist homestead is worthy of its t origin and history. British Methodism i celebrated the hundredth anniversary of - its existence in the early part of this ?- century — 1839. It was a time of holy s joy, of united prayer and praise, and . great spiritual blessing. What glad ] gatherings they were ! There were the i old men of Methodism who had heard i Wesley's voice, grasped his hand, and i looked into his spiritual and beautiful countenance ; there were the strong : men of Methodism, bearing the burden i aud heat of the day ; there were the young men of Methodism, bright with hope; there were the elect ladies, the children, and maidens of Methodism, and all praised the God of heaven for a hundred years of blessings. A spirit of generosity beyond all expectation was evoked, the substantial results of which remain unto this hay. And now at the meeting of the centuries we find British Methodism consolidated, massive, ag gressive. There is advancement all along the line— increase in her pastorate and membership and in the number and comeliness of her sanctuaries. There is more aggressive evangelism at home, more success in missions abroad ; true as steel to the gospel of the grace of God, with a deepening interest in educa tion and philanthropic work; loyal to the honoured traditions of the past, but striving bravely to meet the altered conditions of the present. Free from party politics, yet lifting up loud voice with increasing influence in regard to the social and moral questions of the Empire. Only a short time ago you will remember how, with other churches, she put forth her power, and the in famous attempt in England to print and publish the secular newspapers on the , Lord's Day was promptly stamped out. , Her geni rosity grows with her strength, i At the close of the century she is lifted into special prominence by an act that . may be an object lesson to the British [ statesmen, an act which is in line with \- the immense and splendid growth of the r great free churches of British noncom formity in the century. An act which ( is as fragrant as the precious spikenard. The loving gift of a million guineas for j a hundred years of blessing. Such i generosity may well be an inspiration \ to colonial Methodism and the Church i at large. AMERICAN METHODISM. J 3 The advance of American Methodism 3 in the century has been very great. In ? that land it found a congenial soil, free 0 from Church and State tyranny, it had r room to work and breathe. It had the 0 advantage of being early in the field ; 6 present, in fact, at the nation's birth. The roots of its life have from the first Q grown together with the roots of the social, commercial, and political life of i. the land, and it has become a great :e spiritual force, which is ever increasing )f with the nation's expanding life. At .s the beginning of the century it was still h in the thick of its pioneering work. Its it advanced guard scaled mountains, swam sf rivers and dared savages to preach the Gospel in the depth of the forest prime [t val ; and to take the ordinances of id religion to the scattered settlers in the of vast wilderness. The Lord of Hosts ti. was with these men. The cause of God al grew and mightily prevailed ; indeed the ih country has been rich in continued dis ie plays of God's saving and saatifying s, power. The tree of the Lord's planting i- has spead its fruitful branches over the is whole land. In October, 1866, the ont lundredth anniversary of American Methodism was celebrated. The shadow tf the Civil War was heavy upon the and. One hundred thousand of the Church's sons had gone to the battle ield. But the millions of our brethren n the United States had faith in God ; cept the festival in holy gladness ; Cen enial Meetings were held throughout ihe year. And notwithstanding the var, the hands of our grateful and generous brethren placed on the Lord's iltar over one million pounds. Here ire two or three items marking pro gress over a century. From 1794 to L894 there was an increase in the pas iorate of over 1,600 ministers. The lumber of conferences increased from. 13 to 140. There was an increase in ;he members of society alone of nearly iwo and a half millions, while the in jrease of adherents for the same period tvas enormous. Our Church there is strongly protestant, intensely evangelical tts humane spirit is attested by the hospitals which it has erected and sus tained ; its love of learning by the thought and treasure devoted to educa tion. Their wealthy sons do not leave bheir church, they are not ashamed of mother ; but give their gold where their * sires and they got godliness. It must be admitted, that in the endowment of their church institutions, their giving shows a noble generosity. Without con troversy, Methodism has been one of the most energetic religious elements, making for righteousness, in the Great' Republic, this century. And now we find her at the threshold of the twentieth1 century, rich in tradition and strong in the triumph of a hundred years. And may we not be permitted to hope that in that century, too, she will be one of the most potent spiritual forces in' ennobling the character and brightening the destiny of that great people, our ✓ kith and kin in the United States of America. And may we not believe that our brethren in that country will deepen and intensify that happier feeling which now, thank God, exists between Erigland and America, and which , if strengthened and continued, would bind together the ' two great branches of the English speaking race in the promotion of peace, brotherhood, and the most sacred interests of humanity. AUSTRALIAN METHODISM. The history of Australian Methodism has yet to be written. As this is the last Conference of the century in which Methodism began its work in these lands, some few points of interest and progress may be just briefly indicated. But as from this year of review we look back upon the past there is much to inspire gratitude and hope. Our church has grown with the life of this new land. And when we think of the churches that have been built, the Christian institutions planted, the con gregations gathered, the children in structed, the tens of thousands saved, the noble Christian characters built up, and of the multitude who have triumphed over sin and death and hell and now are in glory everlasting, we have something to thank God for, and to inspire hope and further effort. Such have been the marvels of God's con verting grace in our South Sea Missions that whole communities have been re generated. Those who sat in darkness and the shadow of death have seen a great light. Regions where cruelty had its seat and canibalism held sway, where the vilest passions ran riot, have bloomed as the garden of the Lord, and become abodes of peace and righteousness. HERE ARK A FEW LINES OF PROGRESS. The first class meeting held in 1812 has developed into nearly 7000 class leaders and over 91,000 church members. In 1815 we had but one missionary, now we have over 600 ministers and 5000 local preachers. The first church, which was given by John Lees, and built at Castlereagh in 1817, has been followed by nearly 3000 churches and over 2000 ' other preaching places. The first dis trict meeting, which was held in 1822, ; has expanded into a network of districts ; spreading over Australasia. The first \- Conference, held in York-street, Sydney, )Jin 1855, has been succeeded by one general and six annual conferences, this closing year of the century being marked by the holding of the first Western Australian Conference. At the beginning of the century we had no Sunday-school, now we have 186,000. Then we had no adherents, now we have 486,000, or nearly half-a-million. Then we had no mission stations in these Southern seas, now our Fiji and other Missions have called forth the adoring gratitude of Christian people the world over because these Missions have been the scene of some of the most signal displays of God's saving power, not only in the century but the era. And here we can but wonder to sadness how any one desiring the best interests of humanity or having any respect for his character could lay jsacreligious hands upon a work so manifestly of God ! Our Century Commemoration Fund is a fitting sequel to a hundred years of blessing. We heartily rejoice in the success which the committee's report to this Conference reveals. The splendid inaugural demonstration, the generosity of the opening meetings in the districts, the financial and spiritual success of the circuit gatherings, all show that the blessing of God is manifestly upon this loving and grateful effort of our people. May the energetic secretary and com mittee by next Conference have the joy of seeeing the whole 50,000 guineas duly paid to the credit of the Master who still sits over against the treasury. PROGRESS OF OUR SPHERE OF LABOUR. The progress of this country in the' century has increased ? the solemnity of the trust God has laid upon us as a Church, for our sphere of labour is one of increasing importance. Looking back from this closing year we are impressed by the fact that this great territory has been reserved for the English-speakiug race, especially when we remember the teeming Asiatic popu lation near its shores for ages, and how near it came to being in the possession of Holland and Spain. Whether we . think of the vast extent of this country, its climate, mineral deposits, its pastoral and' agricultural wealth, we may regard . as being manifestly the design of God's providence that it should be the home of a great people. England little thought when she sent the- first settle ? ment of her children to America that by the end of this century there would be over seventy-five millions of her people there. And still less did she think when a little over a hundred years ago the English flag was hoisted in Sydney Cove, that she was founding a nation, and that by the close of the century there would be nearly five millions of the English-speaking race here, and that the community of youthful colonies forming the Commonwealth of the South, would stand on the very thresh hold of federated Australia — one flag, one people, one destiny. When we bear in mind that the real growth of this ? land has taken place during the latter half of the century, we must see that the progress has been very great. When we think of what is coming we may well be awed by the great possi bilities and august potentialities of the future of this land, and by the prospect of the added millions that will be here, ? when we shall all have been gathered to our fathers. It is our supreme obli gation to build up a robust morality, a noble life in this land, and to leaven it with the sanctity and grace of a Christlike religion. Our national life must be built on the foundations of righteousness, for it is righteousness that will give a sweetness to our friend ship and make our honour something more than a name ; give security to the throne and protection to the people ; teach our senators wisdom and our counsellors equity ; righteousness will exalt our land and be a greater protec tion than the glittering sword or our girdle of ocean. It is as nations please God they prosper, when they fight against Him they perish. We must seek, therefore, to inspire the people with a high and holy purpose, for it is not enough that we have material wealth, fine coal beds, rich gold deposits, and cattle on a thousand hills, our national stability lies in the piety and devotion of the people. Australia may^evelop a fine type of the Saxon race, there may be a spirit of brightness and hope akin to our blue skies and rich sunshine ; our sons may gain honor on field and stream, win distinction at the ancient seats of European learning. Aye, die on veldt and kopje for the Empire, yet if the supreme element of Christian ' character be lack ing, there cannot be true national greatness. We may point to the grow ing importance of our country, to our returning prosperity, to federation ; but ic is only as Christianity saves the in dividual, hallows home, enobles com merce, rules statecraft, and sanctifies literature and art, that we can hope to have that prosperity which is solid and abiding. After all, it is not the blue book but the Bible, not the Parliament but the sanctuary, not the throne but the altar, that must be the factor in building up a strong Christian nation on these shores. The very reason of our existence is the spread of Christian holiness throughout the land. In facing the coming century let us 'be of good cheer.' We have seen that our work as a Church is as tiecessary and im portant as ever ; that God has graciously blessed our work in the century and that in bringing us now to the springs of a nation's life, he has deepened our responsibilities. The mightiest forces of the universe are on our side. ' The Lord of hosts is with us.' The Holy Ghost the Comforter is our Divine helper. All authority has been given to Christ in heaven and on earth. He is saying to this Conference. ' Fear not, I am the first and the last and the ' Living One,' and I was dead and behold me alive for evermore.' Our Church, with all its sacred interests, is in His tender and mighty keaping, who is the king of the coming century and of all ages. 