MEN OF THE WORLD. The Rev. Charles Sheldon, author of 'In His Steps,' speaking at a meeting of the Convention of the World's Women's Christian Temperance Union at Edinburgh, asked, Was the teaching of Jesus Christ merely visionary and ideal, or was it possible to put it Into practice In dally life? Me proposed te apply the teacning to lour cunerent kinds of people, viz., lawyers, doctors, business men, and journalists. He got leave of absence from his church 'in his city, and lived, a week with As 'lawyers, another week -with the doctors, a third with the business men, and he edited a newspa per for a week. As to the lawyers, his general conclusion was that Christianity did not influence their lives at all, and some. of the best lawyers said they did not think men in their profes sion could be Christians. He did not believe that. He was disappointed with his week among the doctors. They never talked about Christ; they became hardened, and talked about the human body, the 'Temple of the Holy Ghost,' as if it were a bit of meat He urged doctors to ennoble their profession. They should tell patients, and particularly young people, of the evils of alcohol on the human body. Not more than half-a-dozen business men with whom ht talked in his week with them could say th_t they really tried to live a Christian life in busi ness. They said It was not possible. He did not believe that, though it might mean I jss of money. He hated the word 'success' when applied to the success o- some business men. Succes .- ful thieves he called them. In America men who hadpews In churchesu^gnd -. helped, ..tp -3av. the pastor's salary, combined * to 'comer' the necessities of life. Dealing lastly with journalism, Mr.- Sheldon said the great want ' of the age vas a Christian daily paper. He ' denied that his essay as editor of a daily paper was a failure. His editii^o was meant as an object lesson, not as an experiment. He denied that he got any profit for his work, though it had been said that he received a large sum, and de clared that the circulation went up from 12,000 to 360,000 copies per day. That was not a fail ure. The appeal in his paper for famine-stricken India produced 50,000dol in money and 60,000 bushels of wheat His paper had also been the , means of raising money to build a home for con- j sumptives. Despite reports to the contrary, the | paper contained all the news that week that was i worth giving. There was not very much, j (Laughter.)* He had received thousands cf'let- ' ters promising support to a real Christian daily if he would only start one. One day he got 988 \ letters. If they had a real Christian press be- \ bind this great temperance movement, they might almost see the millennium in a decade. THREATENED SHANGHAI.— THE CHINESE IMPERIAL CUSTOM HOUSE UftDER SIR ROBERT HART. 