CoMcCuttnigB. 'A' sensible girl has no moro uoe for a frcaU young Bran than lor one that 1b Btele. ' I feel for you deeply,' sold the hungry man, probing about in tho Boup-bowl for a stray oyster. ' I llko to hear a baby cry,' Bald a crusty old bachelor. ' Why ?' ' Because then the little nuisance is token out of the room.' Sapsmith (sentimentally) : ' 'What is sad der than to have loved and lost ?' Hennyr pock, (promptly) : ' To have loved and got h«r.' Sho: 'Is It true, darling, that you gave itho minister £3 for marrying us ?' He : ' Yes, but keep It to yourscVf. I was never so swindled In my life.' 'That dog certainly seems almost human at times,' said old Mr. Fussy. 'Yes,' said Mrs. Fussy, ' he growls over his food quite as much as you do.' ' When I vlst't Blackpool in the summer I always pay a Visit to my old landlady.' ' Well, I suppose it'e'ohly right that you should pay her something, old man.' He : ' What ? Is Mrs. 'Wedalot going to be led to the altar for ithe third time 1' Bhe: 'No. II should fancy not. She ought to be able to find the way herseir Dy this time.' Mrs. Cumso : ' Your husband dresses very quietly.' Mrs. Cawker : ' J-oes he ?' 'You ought to hear him when he canU find his collar, or his sleeve-links become mislaid.' Mr. Brown : ' Good morning, Mr. Jones ; how's your wife ?' Mr. Jones (who was deaf and didn't quite understand) : ' Very blustering and disagreeable again this morn- ?? ing.' ' Al splendid stroke ! . Did you follow the ball, caddie ?' ' No, sir ; but I think that gentleman with the red coat can tell where it struck. I see him a-rut-5in' 'isself pretty much.' Ikey : ' Please, farder, give me a half penny for ice cream. I am so hot!' Father : . ' Ikey, meln shon, dot is a vaist of money. I will tell you a fine ghost story dat will make your blood run coid.' Young Lady : ' I can only be a sister to you — no more.' Ho : ' ThankB. That is very good of you. Have you spoken to your mother of it yet?' Young Lady: 'Of what ?' He : ' My adoption !' ' Do you realise, young man,' said the parsou, ' when you retire to rtfit at night thai you may be called before dawn?' ' Why, of cour&e; I no,' was the response. ' I'm the father of a thrce-weete-old baby.' Mrs. Motherly : '.' Why is it, George, that you have never thought seriously. of getting married ?' George : ?' fifou misunderstand me, Mrs. Motherly. I have always thought of it so seriously that I am still a bachelor.' Jackson : ' How's your family ?' John Eon : ''Pretty well, thank you!' 'Any of your daughters married yet';' 'No: and I can't understand why they don't go off. They use powder enougn, goodness knows !'' De Jones : ' I hear your firm discharged you.' Smythn : ' yes ; bu.t I wouldn't m.n'l tha't so much if ithey hadn't addt-d insua to injury.' De Jones : ''How so ?' Sinycbe : ' They advertised for a boy to fill my piace.' Tterfectiy Serene : ' Ever quarrel with . your wife ?' ' No.' ' Have any trouble with your servants ?' 'No.' Cdildren ?worry you ?' ' No.' ' Gr^ac Caesar, man: how's that ?' ' Ain't married ; live by my self.' Enamoured Youth: ' Your father seems worried about something to-night.' Sweat Girl : 'Yes, poor pa has so many. business cares.' Little Brother : ?? That isn't -it. He's mad because the big dog he bought didn't come.' A young man who knows all about it states that his experience has taught him that a flirt Is a fool who delights In fooling girls, and the fool who is fooled by such a fool is the foolishest kind of a fool. He's been fooled badly. Pedestrian : ' So you want work, do you t Well, you can get it by going to that factory over there. There is a placard on the door saying there is work for both sexes.' Tramp: 'Sorry, sir ; but thalt doa-t help me. I be-, long only to one sex.' ' Goodness ! We shall miss . the first act,' ehe said Impatiently. ' We've been, waiting a good many minutes for that mother of mine.' ' Hours, I should say,' hd replied somewhat acrimoniously. 'Ours ?' cried she, rapturously. ' Oh, George, this is so sudden !' Then she fell upon his neck. Mrs. Smith (thoughtfully) : ' I'm afraid I shall have to stop giving Bobby that tonic tho doctor left him.' Mr. Smith (anxious ly) : ' Why, isn't he any bettor t' Mrs. Smith : ' Oh, yes ! But he has slid down the banisters six times ithis morning, broken the hall- lamp, two vases, a Jug, and a looking glass, and I don't feel as it I could stand much more.' Captain Mahan, the first American Peace Commissioner to arrive in New York on his return from The Hague, was met by tho usual army of interviewers. But Mrs. Mahan stepped forward, and said to the re porters, ' I think you might let mo talk to tho captain a little while now. I h,ave not soon him for five or six months, and ? ' Wonderful to relate, the American Pressmen at once withdrew. 