THE SALVATION ARMY... (MISSIONARIES FOR JAVA. The Hawthorn town hall was crowded last night by mi nudicncc largely composed of Salvation Army officers and soldiers, the occasion being a farewell demonstration in respect to seven Salvation Army missionary officers, who are about to leave for Java in company with Major F. p. Cuniming. Colonel Peart presided. Commandant Booth, with several officers of the head quarters staff, the band and the mission aries (four of whom are ladies), occupied seats on tlie platform. Tlie male members of tlie mission party were attired in Javan ese dress, nnd the female members wore col ored sashes. The meeting having been opened ivith a" "war song" and prayers, Colonel Peart ex pressed the gratification they all felt to see the commandant once again with them after his serious illness. (Volleys from tlie Salvationists.) They hoped that his health would continue to improve. (Applause.) Commandant Booth, who was greeted with long continued applause mid the wav ing of handkerchiefs, thanked them for tlie hearty welcome accorded him. It gave him unmixed pleasure to be able td again take his place on the "bridge" and appear before the public. (Applause.) During the past few months he had been making a great effort to overcome a physical collapse, which had threatened 'to bring his p'unlic niinistrations to a close, but Providence had been good to him, and he rejoiced in being able to still go forth and preach the gospel! (Applause.) Although the Army was the S'oungest of the religious bodies, it was doipg something of a worthy character in compassing the command of Christ when He said, "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel ' to every crea ture." (Hear, hear.) The Armv held a proud position in ' the missionary 'agencies of the globe, for- there was hardly a native or lifeathen country where -the "blood and fire" flag did not flutter in itlie breeze. Referring to the famine in 'India, lie 'remarked that during fast year 10,000 of tilie natives were kept alive by the agency of 'the Salvation Army. (Applause.) They had met that night to say good-bye to the first contingent of missionaries from this colony to Java, where there avas a population of 27.000,000, and a territory of 600 miles by 150 miles. The commandant then in troduced the seven missionaries, and gave a brief sketch of 'their careers. Their names ivere Lieutenant Stephens Ca- det- Ijien'teiian't Emily Wilson, Captain Ethel 'Wilson, Captains D. Campbell and Fritz Wiesbneh, Ensign T. Emerick nnd Mhjor F. G. Cuniming. None of them, said the commandant, 'had anything remarkable about theni; they had no particular genius in their 'faces; they did not possess much ability— -(laughter)— and did not have much learning to boast of. They were not great ait art, nnd couldn't paint a donkey properly, f Renewed laughter.) Thov wore going to Java as a simple and -helpless -contingent, hilt with big hearts and a sympathetic dis position and 'Whole-hearted desire to -work" in the (Master's cause. He admired -their pluck'in going amongst the patient and in dustrious Javanese, and hoped their mission would be successful in the highest degree. (Applause.) The commandant then referred to the great need of the Salvation Army, which was to secure young men an'd women with hearts fired with the zeal of thejjoly Ghost to engage in the c-reafc work of bring ing wayfarers to the Cross. The 'missionaries then said a few words of fa-reivell to their comrades and friends present. The musical -portion of the gather ing was appreciatively rendered -by members of the head quarters hand. 