IN HER OW* in The short mnter|a|i ^j^eMttse v placed betweenthe two front {riSoWs, writing. ttw^Ml^I jgannt nfl severe-] ooking, Imt there/wafl something in the calm gr^T ^ . hiseW lips wbichmade imejfchink that ina time long since vaiiidied perhaps those eyes and lips might have known what it to smile. - ••How short the days aregrowing J" she murmured. closing the reat and going to the south window. "This is the 10th of December. In two weeta it will be Christmas again. I can't bear the thought of it. I have forgotten my birthday long ago, lint somehow I can't forget Christ m Turning from the window with a sigh she rang^the bell, "which was presently answered by a woman as old as herself. But this one was stout and pleasant and comfortable looting; it was a joy to see her. "Margaret, I am going to Boston in the morning. Tell Michael to have the carriage ready at seven. I shall want breakfast at six," said the old lady. "And how long will you be gone, ma'am r "' inquired . Margaret. "About ten days/' replied her mistress. "Very well, ma'am, said Margaret. "Everything will be ready. I'm glad you're going to take a little diversion." "Anything but a diversion, Margaret," answered the lady. "I'm going on very disagreeable business. At my age one neither expects nor cares for diversion." Margaret retired cheerfully. One would have thought that the prospect of her mistress's departure was pleasant to the old woman. And so it was, though she was sincerely attached to her eccentric employer. At eight o'clock the next morning Michael. who was Margaret's, husband, returned from the depot. On entering the house he found his wife putting the finishing touches to the parlour, which she had been cleaning during his absence. "And what's to do the day, dear?" he asked, as Margaret closed and locked the door. "Come away out to the kitchen and I'll toll you," she said, in an important tone. "I've settled it all in my mind this very morning, and Fm going to do it while the mistress is away;." Michael made no -reply until they readied the kitchen, wherahe seated himself comfortably in a big rocking-chair in front of the huge fireplace. For this was an old-fashioned kitchen, as clean as hands could make it, with a gay rag-carpet on the floor, and a red cloth on the sidetable, which made it look like a sittingroom. And indeed it was the place where the faithful couple always sat when their work was done. "And what are you going to do ?" inquired Michael, when he had lit his pipe. ' Something reckless, Fll be bound." "Therp'a them that niay be a Little reckless," said Margaret, "and there's them that may be too cautious." She seated herself i*n the other rocking-chair, and, leaning forward, looked earnestly into her husband's face. "This is a big house, Michael," she added,, in a tone that admitted of no dispute. "It is." was the reply. "You've no need to tell me that, dear, and I living in it theeo thirty years." " 'Tis big' enough for two families," she continued. "Aye, and for three—for twenty, if you remember the way some people are housed in the tenements." "The mistress never goes beyond her own quarters." "Never."" "And never will." "It's not likely." "The door between the. front and back is always locked; she never goes past her own room. She can't bear the sight of the old garden, and you know why." "Aye, I do well. And small' wonder. She'd see ghosts in. it, no doubt. Well I mind Miss Amelia .playing in it." "And I, and I/' said Margaret, with a sigh. "And if we feel that way, how must it be with herself P" ^ ^Has she a heart at all? 0 ; "She hasj butshehas a strong and cruel angerin it that won't be turned aside.., I'm going jto make one more .trial of her. I'm go>ihg to try and win her to her own flesh and blood, so that shell not lose the light of heaven as die's lost the comforts ofthis earth." > "She'll bid you begone.' The last time she warned yiau.* :. "Never fear,. never fear. She'll not send me away.But if she .does, this time "I go, and be-glad te^o; for then I'll {mow teiniaa at all, and TU leave her to^r ifebbornness.'' his term" '"Twill save them the rent," said her husband, reflectively. "But'twill be a terrible thing for them if the mistress finds it out." "She never will, till God's good time," said Margaret. "I could get them to her bedside quick and she dying. That would be all I'd want. Tis God put it in my mind, Michael, in- answer to the prayers the Sisters and other good people's been saying—" "Including yourself," said her husband. "If everlasting pleading counts—yes," admitted Margaret. "But how to get them in and out without her knowing?" asked Michael. "By the side gate and up the side hall stairs. Them children are very biddable; they'll. never try the front. They'll be told 'tis a strange house, and God knows 'tis a strange one—to them, that ought tobe at home in it." "But think you Miss Alice will come? She has her own pride, and I don't blame her." "Nor I," said Margaret. "But she's blind, Michael; and she'll never know where we're bringing her. Til tell her I'm bringing her nearer, so X can see her oftener. Oh, Fll manage it, never fear!" "I'm quite certain you will. But Miss Mary? She's not blind." "She's up to her ears in it. She thinks it's a grand plan." Michael had nothing more to say. Whatever fears he had he kept to himself ; for he knew that Margaret's purpose was fixed, and he had,on the whole, implicit confidence in her good sense and judgment. Both went to work with great energy to prepare the long-disused rooms for the newcomers, and made them very comfortable and inviting. On the evening of the third day a carriage drew up on the side street, from which two ladies and two children descended, and were soon in their new abode. About three vears before, a very severe illness had left the elder lady blind. She was Mrs. Qyndes—the Miss Alics of Margaret's love and care. The younger was the sister of her dead husband—the "Aunt Mary" whom the children loved as tenderly as they did their pretty, delicate, blind mother. She was also very pretty, with more fire and spirit than her sister-in-law. The boy and girl looked very much alike, both being fair, with light brown curling hair, large grey eyes, and beautifully curved lips. In appearance they were like neither their mother nor aunt, but bore a striking resemblance to the old lady at the present time in Boston, who was their great-grandmother. Aunt Mary was a music teacher. Her labours supported the little family now so pleasantly established in the old house in Washington-square. She had a cheerful heart, and went joyously about her daily work; while the blind woman sat knitting in her chair, with her children playing about her in the warm, pleasant room. In order not to excite suspicion in her mind, Margaret took care not to make her visits too frequent. The ten dollars saved from the rent enabled the young music teacher to buy some extra comforts for the invalid, who was perfectly happy in her new home. Sometimes their aunt would take the children out for a walk, and on fine days they were allowed to play in the old garden for an hour. The old lady had returned from Boston, where she had gone to attend the death-bed of her only brother, a pood man and a good Catholic. Once she had been a good Catholic also, and she had been very much happier in those days. iHer brother's last conversations had softened her somewhat, and opened her eyee to the mistakes of her past life. Bat this fact only made her more silent and reserved; for there was no one to whom she could tell the thoughts that were in her mind. And before she could go to confession there was an act of justice to be done, which her pride would not as yet permit her to undertake. One day Aunt Mary had >one for a walk, and Mrs. Hyndea had fi en asleep. The children were quietly sittingroom, which was sepaftteid from the bedrooms by the diningroom. and kitchen. Suddenly they heard a key turn in the lock of the door which they had never wen opened. They quickly rose from the floor and stood in front of it, eager to see what was about, to take plaoe. Someone pushed it from the outside; it opened, and a tall old lady stood before them. Sitting in the solitude of her own room, her heart,filled with bitter memories, she had hungered for a sight of tiie abandoned nursery where her daughter hadplayed; for onelook into the gardenthfrongh whose shady paths, untended now, she had 40 often seen her white dress flit in and out la tiie days of her innooentandhapuy childhood—4>nt, ah"!,what was thisP Twolifctile children gated up at he^ ^wiQi wondering ; eyes; and even in liw J ment it pleasedher, that they! wea»'fu>t afraid of frofthto^ look of for thirty years. . r. „ , - - :v 'Tour house 1" she exclaimed. "How long has it been your house, and who lives with you P" "Not very long," answered the boy— , more than a week, though." "And how did yon come here?" "In a carriage, with Aunt Mary and mamma," said the boy. '' And Margaret," lisped the little girl. Margaret came wif us in de carriage." "Oh, she did!" said the old lady with a smile; and her face grew white—so white that the children noticed it. "Sit down, lady, pease," said the little girl, drawing- her to the easy chair in iront of the nre. She sank into, it and buried her face m her hand B. The children looked at each other m surprise/not knowing what to tlnnk of this strange lady who had come into their house, without bonnet or mantle, from beyond the mysterious door. At length she looked up. "Where do 00 live?" asked the little girl. "U'liere is oor bonnet?" "I live here; this is my house too," she said. Then she looked toward the open door of the diningroom. "Are you alone here?" she asked. "Mamma is lying on her bed," said the boy. "Mamma is blind." The old lady winced. "And where is your aunt?" she asked. 'Will she be in soon?" "Not toon," said the little girl. "When de dark comes." "She is a music teacher," said the boy. "She is Aunt Mary." "What is your mother's name?" "Alice," the little girl replied. "That is my name," said the old lady, sadly. "And what is yours?" "Amelia," answered the child, "That was grandmother's," said the little fellow. "My name is Hilary; that was grandfather's." "Yes, I know," replied the old lady. ' Your grandmother is dead, then?" "Yes; but we've got one—an awfully old lady." said the boy, promptly. 'We don't know Eer, though; but she lives somewhere." "Have you ever seen her?" "Xo, but Margaret says maybe we shall some day," he said. "She tells us to pray and pray for he*, and we do every night." J "And what does Margaret tell you to pray ?'' "That God may change her heart." "What's the matter with her heart?" asked tlie old lady, sharply. •Maybe she's dot a pain in it," said the little girl. The boy drew closer to the old lady, and. pointing to his sister, said in a whisper : "She is little. She doesn't know, but I know. The one we pray for is our great-grandmother. Our grandmamma was her child. She did not like our grandpapa, and she sent them both away. Our mamma didn't ever see her, cither; but she prays, too." "And vonr father?" "Oh. he is dead! He died long ago, when we were little—Amelia and I." There was a sound in the next room. The old lady rose at once and went toward tlie door. "I must go now," she said; "but I will come back. And, children, tell—tell your mother that the grandmother—that the good God has at last changed the grandmothers heart." In a moment she was gone; and the children ran back to their mother, who was awake and calling them. Mrs. Ellison rang the bell with an imperative motion, which immediately brought Margaret to the room of her mistress. The old lady was seated at her ' desk. She turned sharply round. "Margaret," she said, assuming her severest aspect, "I should like to know whose children are those upstairs?" Margaret squared herself on her feet. "They're yours, ma'am," she said. "Mine!" said her mistress. "Yes, they are yours—at least they're your own flesh and blood, nicy's Miss Amelia's grandchildren." "Who brought them here ?" . "I did ma'am, and Fd do it again twice over." "You would! Margaret, you are a very brave, and I must say a veiy impertinent, woman. How long have they been here?" "A little over a week, ma'am." The old lady turned to her desk and took up her pen. Margaret waited for some time, but she did not speak. .Finally she said: "Am I to go, ma'am P" "Yes," replied her mistress, briefly. "And Miss Alice and the children—are they to go ?" Her mistress confronted her. "No, Margaret, they are not to go." "Thank God! thank God!" cried the faithful Margaret. '"Tis hard on me, I confess, to leave the old house and my old mistress. But, oh, I'm glad for the little family wnstairs." J. Mis. Ellison wiped her eyes. "You are to go, Margaret," she said, '"and prepare everything for a merry Christmas. Set Michael to work, and bring in old Mary Scully to help vou. Brighten up the old home; light Bxep in all the rooms; open the doore between and give the little ones the freedom of the plaoe. To-morrow morning ! &a;!lV f : w*at the carriage early jfor 1 am f - tobuy a Christanak-tree and ~ Christmas gifts. Get up from your knees, Margaret, and do as I tell you. And now I must go upstairs again to see those two dear little angel*—and my granddaughter."—"Ave Maria." 