Is Murder Dying Out. The twentieth century is at hand, ond retrospection is just now fashion able. Passing liotioo may therefore be given to lira above question, espec ially ns there are certain features in .-connection with the murders by tho Broelong blacks' .-which evoke curious reflections. The wnvo. of execration ? arid public animosity aroused against the Governors ia equalled only by the good humoured equanimity with rnvhicli the loader of these dusky heathens apparently regards the wltole business. To Jimmy Governor the evonts of the last .few months fie«m to appear as a highly exciting *and diverting paper-chase. He, bow ?«vev, admits that there wan aomo un .'pleosantness at first which had to be smoothed nwoy. White people who unjustifiably and persistently inter l,;= „„„„ ? i...j iUlDU III ilJO UUIUC8UU UUUUtMUb XlJlU lO be got rid of, and, while hia blood was up for awhile aftorwards, a few other- people had to suffor. liut theroforth he injurod none whun he encount- red unless ' in self defence. Did be not actually give away money to people who rendered him help Against their common en-'tny, the police? And at the finish he shook bands with hi' captors, tho hunters who in fair field and fight had beaten him at his own game. They had emp tied several charges of shot into his body but this was all part of the fortunes of war.' Thoy htul attended to their business and he had attended to hif. He woul.l have shot them just ub cheerfully as he received their shots. To civilized minds,, euoli non chalant disregard of social laws and of pain and death nee ins appalling. But, after all, are tho Governors as bad or ns exceptional in morals as ?they are painted ? It may be admitted that there are crimes which are moro cruel to suffer | than death — the ingratitude or treach ery of friends, forinetanoe — and there are murders of many kinds. The crimeB of the semi -savage Governors pale into insignificance whon compared with the atrocities of some of our iwilnvt'niia xch i ten nr? mi mil a. Th« io-nnr. ant blacks received serious provocation and ran amok, but civilized iiiod, like Behthand, Butler, or Deeming, de liberately pursued their ghou ish careers of murder art though human life were absolutely worthless. Searce ley a week passes without a murdoriii Australia — a discovered murder, bo i understood — and these murders are committed by whites. Lot us thoreforo not heap hypocritioal contumely upon the wi-etehed perpetrntor-i of the Breeloug massacres. People in glass houses should not throw stones. Al though nine persons, in all, were slaughtered by the Ggveknohs, tho idea that murder is prevalent among civilized nboriginies, is dissipated by an examination of the N. S. W. crim inal record of the past sixty years. From 1848 to date, only -eight abor iginics have been executed for murder. This total of course does n -t includo the number of homici los which have occurred among thoniHulves or deaths caused by blacks who have evaded capture. It must not be forgotten that al though the orude, brutal varieties of m order are now becoming obsolete, the complexities of our modern civ ilization afford many now opportuni ties to scheming evil-doeie which thoy are not slow to soize. An inteu lional' push in an engine-room, or carelessness with some linument, will frequently pass as accidental, and knowledge of anotnuiy and tho onsieat ways to can no death — by poisons and otherwise — is becoming general. With tho spread of education and the alleged roliuing influence of partial education thero are indications th it respect for the sancity of human life has not increased. Suicide — the half brother to murder — is undoubt edly on the increase. Practically the whole of tho globe has been explored and discontented man is now convin ced that no ready made elysiuin exists on earth to which he may flee when his habitual surroundings are full of trouble. Discoveries ia science show more ond more, day by day, the insig nilicin'ce ond avanescenee of man. Of what account, is the brief life of a human being in a world probably a hundred million years old, a world which itself is but a mere spock in | infinity, a world whereon the light of the nourest fixed star must shine for over three years before it con reach the observer's vision P Gone, nowa days, to many lialf-educuted embryo criminals, are the old superstitions of hauntiug ghosts and the terrors of eternal fiery torments in a future state. Materialistic pessimism is the ordor of the day — and night. But, if tho outlook is gloomy, some consolation remains. If life is held ?of less account than formorly, we are, on the whole, more humane to the liv ing. We would kill an enemy rather than torture him, as of old, and this is something to our credit. 'Want of space procludes ua from disoussing, bore, suggestions made to counteract the growing evils of pessimism. ' Op timists, however, may take heart of grace. The present iB surely but a phiiso of transition in our long line of advance. 