MOLLY'S FORTDNES. BY M. E. FRANCIS, Author «>£ "In a North Gonotay Village,' 1 &c.; SYNOPSIS OF INSEAIMENTS L & II. Molly O'Neill, a. girl of beauty, is work- : Jng as daily governess in DnbBn in support of her uint (a decayed gentlewoman) and herself. Her SSdilFT^teect^ hST^lSris stairtltw^ > shooed to Castle her dread relative,. and H&tai; Hivoarabk im-; • (HAP3M IV.—^SOCIAL AND POLITICAL. MnUy found Miss O'Neill a more enter- ~mmg -companion at' dinner than she had proved; herself at tea; the conversation turning W .on'-general Bcnci-aawjpics, topics, and aim being oeing sus- 0ld i^y th Uaflasgms ?" fhftRrfnVnqsg. J . . ™ ' . Towards ^ the "end of the repast a-curious as much as it surprised her. When tic had been .placed on the "table-after the Smoval of tie cloth, in good <Ad-f&h-; ^ ^ • J & ^ F { ^ y ^ O'Nem who had hitherto drunk nothing, though — — her guest had-been accommodated with .a tall Wrneglassfull of claret, the butler marched solemnly tip to her, decanter in t_t„ —.-. ( nn J,„ TIIj v.. j-i... —, ---o- C.""'—, — puie.goJd, but which cm closer examination Molly —^ discovered to be inlaid — -with a varietv —r :t of metals. It was completely covered with delicate tracery and -ornamented -with, preci- ; cms stones. . "This is an.heirloom," said Miss O'Neill, S taking it from the tray when -the butler ! had partially .-filled it; "one of the most valuable specimens of early Irish art in existence. Yes, look at it well, my dear, and be proud of your country. See what it could . produce when other nations were : Etink in barbarism." - „,, "Do vou drink out of it every day? asked Molly, a little regretful that such & precious relic should be in common use. "Of course I do," returned her hostess in dignified tones. "To what better use could it be put? The lips of an O'NeiH cany no desecration in their touch. Out of this goblet the kings of our house were wont to drink success to their troops before setting out for battle; in later times this was the 'loving cap' passed round from hand to hand in stately family gatherings. Now you and I are apparently the only repre^ntativeB of our race. I drink to you, Molly." She raised lie goblet to her.lipe and slowly quaffed its contents, while the butler and footman looked on in solemn apathy. "There, my dear," said Miss O'Neill, " "you see I like to keep up the customs that were in nse in our family from time immemorial. When I drink out of my old cup I am carried back in imagination hundreds of yeais, and can fancy myself at one of the magnificent banquets of yore, , at the dose of which it used to be pre- 1 sented to flie sovereign on I bended knee. It is in memory of this custom that I make it a point of always drinkihg after dinner —besides/it is better for the digestion. •phe practical conclusion to a somewhat crasdikMjnent speech was almost too much for MoDy's gravity: and as the domestics raced majestically away with the empty goblet shehad much difficulty in restraining a burst of laughter. The whole thing waa so utterly incongruous; this beautiful old relic of bvgone ages, the quaint, stately little ceremonial so punctiliously gone through —and then the butler with his white topknot, the footman in his extremely mo&m; livery and, as an anti-climax, the old lady s impartial regard-for both hygiene and romance. , ' On returning to the drawing-room aircr dinner, MisONeill pulled a pretty work table towards her, and drew therefrom not the dainty lace-work or fanciful embroidery w&ich; would seem best suited to such delicate fihgers, btrt a partially made petticoat pf coarse red flannd. "I like useful work," she remarked, and at this time of year the whole population of this district'appears to stand in need of clothing. Now, as you don't seem to have anything particular to do, you might read me die newspaper." ." "Certainly, said Molly, taking up her position beside her, and unfolding the paper which was handed to her. "Begin with the births, deaths, and marriages, child,-and then go on to the 'Sumjndtv. "• MoHv' complied, and the hostess listened, evincing the liveliest interest in the list ot deaths!, laid groaning and i&aking; iier head over .the marriages, m what her guest coneidered to be' an inexplicable manner. •"Shall I read the Parliamentary news?" asked the latter, when she had exhausted the smaller items of intelligence. "Certainly not," responded Miss vNeili, decidedly-. "Polities 'don't interest me in • the least nowadays. They were worth giving one's attention to in olden times though. " Dear, what a rebel I was once! 1 don't suppose any of the leaders of the movement m . '48 took it more keenly to jheart than I did." "Then® should .hove thought, you would haw befen a Nationalist now?" remarked Molly diffidently. "Nationalist?"—^th a shriek of terror— '•"by no means, my dear—do you warn, me to mix up with all' the tag-rag and bobtail of the country? The rising of '48 was a very different-matter- With an O'Brien of Thomond set the head, a descendant of the great King Brian. L, no one, even of ( tihe first family, need have been ashamed to take an interest in it.'"" ,, . Here she laid aside her work and walkea over to the fireplace, -extending her trans- \- ijarent- lookmg hands, to the blaze, but • gazing over her shoulder at Molly. . . ""There was a noble act in view then; the ^establishment of ancient rights, the possible'restoration of a throne long "laid low. Many believed that an O'Brien of Thomond would again rule over the land as in former onys. Now this is purely a movement of the people, and as such 1 cannot countenance it. ' . ' This was spoken with as great an as etmmiijon of dignified injpantanoe as though a Magna Charta were -waiting for her signature. "But perhaps eome members of the really • old Irishfamilfes are mixed up with this movement," suggested Molly, laughing. She held no very pronounced political opinions " hejsclf.'newspapers being amongst the luxulies',.tabooecl >v her aunt^.but was' desirous of prolonging tie argument, being vastly entertained by the old lady's views.' "That depends on what you call old 'families.' child; the term is sadly misunderstood nowadays. People who can trace their ancestry back for a beggarly three hundred years or so, set up to be of long descent—why, the Gromwejldans will be calling themselves old families next! As for the mushroom aristocracy of these times; my dear, there is nothing angers me ££ anuch as their ridiculous pretensions—as if half their titles did not come out of the beer-vat or the whidiy-stiU. Really it would be laughable if it were not so annoying—the wife of any ci-devant publican or chandler, who has enriched hiniapu" by fostering the vices of the people, or, who, on some auspicious occasion, has chanced to be lord mayor, styles herself 'my lady,' and is entitled to walk out of- a room before the scion of a princely race." The -wasrmith, not to say acrimony, with which this denunciation was pronounced, intimated that Miss O'Neill was smarting under the recollection of personal wrongs. "There'are few really.-.old families in -existence now," she went on, after a paase "nearly all the blue blood has been drained out of the country, or else so much intermixed with the' Saxon strain, or so muddled with the 'rotorier' element, that it "is goad for nothing. Why, .that very list, \- of marriages that yon read -just • now, was CTOugh to go to o ^ heart-O^iasand (TMoons. and OTbote and McCarthy, allying themselves with B^ys, and Ko- ! binsons.- and Birches. The o3d names have no meaning in them now—as for blood, it s j my beKef that with the exception of ^ j ^ ™ nft thereisnot a drop of A £^ b I o o d ; , J 4^ O'Neill jetan-ned to her seat, but sufEered her work to lie on her knee, while her hands were folded idly on the top of it. "This is a subject that I have very much at heart," she resumed, looking suddenly at Molly, aaid detecting the ghost of 6 smile -on her face, "in fact, I may say that I j uavc have devoted iirv my me life to lo tiie the consideration .f 0131 ? * ruin. Old 1 the-old Stock rapidly vanishing trom th-: ..j^na; new. wapts and nero- grievances hav^ arisen before the Old 'ones were redressed, and with all this there seems , to be a-revolutionary tide spreading over the country which threatens to sweep aws" our few remaining landmarks. What is to bs done?" appealing to Molly, as.though the fate of the naitkm depended on "her response. "It seems to me that the onl.7 thing to save Ireland now is for the remnant of her ancient nobility to make a stand, to rally round, their country, to conquer existing evils, and restore former good. If there axe grievances to be .redressed, who so fit <bo enquire into them as these, whose ancestors have lived and died for Erin? If the people require leaders, let them be led bv the descendants of the chiefs who marched their forefathers to battle! Let these, .their lawful rulers, live, amongst tbexn, and interest, themselves, an. them %na teach them." - : "Yes, but will they?" asked Molly, as •jtlie old lady paused for breath, her chests flashed, her eyes flashing, her delicate nostrite dilated -with excitement. "Ah, there yon have touched the root of all our evils," she replied. "Many of them "will not. They are foolish, careless, degenerate—they do not see things in the light that I do. Even my own father, though in him there was no alien element to interfere -with the traditions of our race, even he spent nearly y all his life abroad, and cared little for either Tinrmlo people „or r nrnnwh-. property. But "when I succeeded to the estates I swore noble as my own, was imbued with like principles. •None such coming forward behold me-a spinster of this day. My life has been full, however, andlndeei," I have been glad manv a time not to be hampered by family caies. I "have been unusually -lucky, too, -I must own, for a year or two iter I inherited the property I was left a large fortune by-some one I -should perhaps have married had he ken my equal in rant. ran*, With wun this mis money 1 cleared ott of the people,' and, in fao fact, t ws^enaWed to carry out my favourite plans " . "* 7 " " : As you mav see, I live in a certain style' : -glancing round the luxurious room- ;perhaps too much so, you may say, for a single old woman; but I have - , in v,ew No J » 1 J do I keep up the state ,J.1 : necessary , to uphold my Position and add weight to my influence and authority, bu- I give employment, and benefit the com- ..... ^ i +-.- i^Two \nthinff wimps lnsitip mv \-- - —- i , , _ - have taught_my people to apply to me in \-- all .—— their difficulties, T f° to reter^to ™me e m /"i ^au their disputes; I make myself acquainted with the eircumstances of the^very poorest amongst them, I sift their grievances, 1 enquire into their -woes; and.I entertain large- ]y, that my fellow-country folk of higher rank, encouraged by my success, and led on by my example, may be induced to put plans like mine into execution." Molly pondered mtreh_ over her new expedience during the. evening, arid, even after retiring to her .four-poster, could not rid herself of the impression produced by the strange, vivid, puzzling personality of her hostess. So much so, indeed, was she under this influence, that on -at last falling asleep Miss O'Neill in the guise of a queen pervaded her .dreams with a gold crown on her silver locks, and wearing a regal mantle of red flannel. CHAPTER V.—NEW EXPERIENCES. Molly awoke shortly after daybreak on the fallowing morning, and. lay stall for some moments watching the eunlight filter in through her unshmttered window, and lis- tening to the gleeful twittering of the birds without. After indulging for a short time in tins unwonted luxury, she sprang up and, dressing quickly, crept downstairs and out upon the terrace. Turning to the left dhe betook herself to the shrubberies, amid which She lingered a lrtHe, gazing ait the daitse erowth on either side, but at last, remembering that time was jessing, hastened on eager to make fresh discoveries. All at once the path narrowed to a mere- mossgrown thread, and Molly found herself in what appeared to be <a vast green cathedral. A double row of immense yewtrees, with gnarled trunks and wide- spreadingbranches, stretched out'befoms her, the sunbeams that managed to steal 'through, the leafy gloom making d sort ~ of mosaic work on the ground. At the furthest end of this long aisle was an open epace dazzlingly bright and green and cool looking, unshado wed by the shrubberies that widened ait this point and went clambering up a low bank surmounted bv a wall with an arched gateway in the middle, up to which led a flight of rustic steps. Molly walked carefully, aimost reverently, through the dark colonnade, and drew a long breath of relief as she emerged at length into the sunshine. She mounted the time-worn steps, marking the wealth of delicate pink monthly roses which nodded over the archway, and the thiek coating of ivy which covered the old stone wall. Crossing the mossy plateau on the top of the steps and approaching the low gate—a quaintly wrought structure of iron which had. once been gilt—she peered over it into the enclosures witfhin, What enchantment was this? Surely this must- be fairyland itself, for never in all her wildest dreams had MoHy imagined anything to compare with it. Smooth, green terraces, bordered with a profusion of many coknired flowers, descended to a hollow that,- even at this season, was a perfect "blaze of colour. Velvety ribbon- like grassy PcCtihs wound among the quaintly shaped beds, and in the middle plashed a fountain. •Furfcl ler away there were groups and bowers of rare shrubs, amid which gleamed marble statues, and behind a high box edge, cut into aE manner of fantastic shapes, rose a green slope crvrtnued by a ruined castle. Yes, here lit stood in the sunshine, gazing down on the placid beauty beneath. Castle O'Neill, a grim, melancholy relic of the past, its thick, grey, ivy-mantled walls riven in bygone ages, black here and there with the traces of long-extinguished fires, maited in many plaices with the signs of God's wrath ana. of man's hate. Once an important centre, teeming with life, echoing to the sound of langhter and strife; now silent, deserted, forlorn,' with, its noble banqueting hall thi-mvTL open to the" winds of heaven, welcoming the nocks to the guest chamber, holding out desperately against more insidious enemies than Dane or Saxion —aH-eonqtrering Time, subtle, treacherous Decay. The gong was sounding for breakfast when Molly returned to the house, and her hostess was already, seated before the urn making tea, and looking as bright and almost as fresh as the girl herself. "Now begins my day's work,""she said, at the conclusion of the meal. '"I am a very busy person, as 'you will see, and can hardly hhd time enough- for all I 'have to do." She slung a neat little key basket over one slender wrist, and taking'Molly's arm, conducted her down a long, tiled passage, which led .to the servants' premises. "The kitchen first," said the old lady, as they passed through a swing door, opening into a large square 'hall, at the further end cif "which stood a stout, comely person in a seat print gown and white cap and apron, evidently expecting her approach. Another - in my place would dispense with many of the duties I impose on myself," said Miss O'Neill, pausing to emphasize her words, "but the most essential part of my programme is the inculcation of thrift toy word and example; therefore I keep no housekeeper, and look after everything myself. Larders, sculleries, and dairies, all on a large scale and "kept" to perfection, were duly inspected by Mass O'Neill, after which, returning to the kitchen, she wrote out her orders for the day. She then repaired to, the storeroom followed by the whole domestic staff, male and female, to each of whom was doled out such household goods as were required for the day; the cook being obliged to apportion th-? exact quantity needed, and being somewhat sharply -called to- order when in one instance she measured out rather more than her mistress considered sufficient. At the conclusion of these operations the latter desired Molly to put on her hat, as she now intended to begin her* out-door work. Though the girl used all /possible dispatch in equipping herself her hostress was beforehand "with her, and stood awaiting her at the foot of the stairs when she came down, ber dress tucked up, her dainty feet stoutly shod, and her white hair crowned with a "Rubens" hat and feathers which a woman 40 years younger would have hesitated to wear, but which suited her picturesque antique beaut}' to perfection. At 1 o'clock they went in for luncheon, at 'which meal Miss O'Neill appeared still in her outdoor garments, "to save time," as she told Molly, for she intended to tJmrngh the village immediately afterj wafct s xhe'ponv carriage duly came round at the of thl repast, the lady taking the reins herself, and oS they set at a good brisk the long avenue, and out rr^j: r Mte A ve?j pr5tty" village was this of Miss il most, if not quite, unique of ite kind, retaining all the picturesqieness of^nany an Ssh hamlet, butlrith an air of prosperity, a neatness! neatness, a.snntle.^ a.spotless cleanliness, not often, alas! united therv with. The houses were thatched, and their walls, as much of them as could bs seen through the luxuriant growth of creepera which overspread them, washed over with faint — tints, —,;•;„ yellow „„ or pink, with now -tl and then a y 4 "^ 0^ ^ ^ ^ fl ! ers, «£ l6 while Xirfn in &e; the rear rar rf eacifcottage _ was a plot of cabbages and potatoes. Mis.- O'Neill slackened speed, interchanging few kindly words with the neatly clothol women and the chubby-faced chilj^a^who 1 stood curteseying at their doors to watch her pass. . All at once she reined up her pony, beckoning one oT the women to approach, which she did evidently in no smaU trepidation, for "the lady," as they called her, was as much feared as beloved by her people. "I see vour husband has not cut his wheat yet," said Miss O'Neill, waving her whip towards the large field at the back of the cottage, which gleamed out bravely golden amid the surrounding greens and browns. "It is over-ripe, and be will lose half of it if he leaves it much longer." "Aye, indeed, my lady," in doleful tones, "troth it's ourselves has had the bad luek this year, glory be to God! Me poor man is not gettin' liis health at all ever since he got that iall in the spring, an' sure he's waitin' till the boy comes back from ha'.'- vestin' England before he begins at ours." "What, has your son gone to England? said the old lady wrathi'ully. "You have the face to tell me so when you know it is against the rules. He will be picking up aU sorts of strange customs, or marrying some low English girl, Mrs. Brady, if you don t take care; and, mark my words, if he does that you may say good-by to hnn. 111 have no English settlers in my village. /'°' h ' Sf™ an ,' hless us, sure he would ™ ^im it so mueto as looked at any own "How girls, let alone a stranger—' Hmv rio(>s does h,s his fathpr father Vnmv know vliar what ' he does over there?" interrupted Miss O'Neill severely. "You shouldn t have allowed your 55>n to ^without asking my leave, Mrs. Brady. Wli y didn't you come to me if you were in trouble? Don't you know I'm al bp ann0vin' Ver i addhm so often aL' the noor bov ^v/to his'fatter savs he L!".rf,, Til iustsliD . "over the ^ an'airffbtt o'monefa^' he says—he's the rale goSd little boy, ma'am. "Do,' says the father, an' he wint, , „ - - <.'^fcher fortnjeht« cried the Jadv 'hard ?tl t mstil ' . into uiwse ^ people, uuu Don, t_ t you see, ^ woman,!w that vou loose ^ ^ ' ca, eam b his absence? What is to ; j done? j supp^ i shall have to send f _ .... Ul vULi, 1UIS. 1JIaLI V —>Ltil111V ignoring the latter's voluble thanks—"and, remember, remem,ber. Tim must never aaempt to go to again—never" She drove - away *- leaving Mrs. -- Brady - standing in the middle of tie road, equally graJteful and abashed, and hardly knowing whether to be more overcome by the unexpected favour or by "the lady's" evident displeasure. They came home through a back entrance, Miss O'Neill pulling up her pony at the gate-way, and severely aososting the lodge-keeper, a middle- aged, one-armed man, who stood bareheaded to let her pass. 7 : "What is this I hear about you, Keogh? You. are thinking of mairrying, they say; why have you not consulted me?" ' "Bedad, ma'am, I was turnin' it over in my mind," returned Keogh, stepping up to the carriage, and uplifting a basniui, comical face, covered with blushes. "Sure it's a wretched way the way I'm now—no man to cook a bit o' dinner, or to sew a button on k>r me. It's more than flesh and blood can stand, so it is." "I don't at all object to your being married," said itfae old lady, "though I'm surprised that you did not acquaint me with your intentions, but I do object very much to the girl vou have selected. You know quite well Ellen Bichardson was discharged, from my service. She was dirty, untidy; and .lazy; the worst kitchenmaid I ever had." 'Was she now, me lady?" responded K.eogh, with a pleasant smile. "That's a poor case. To think o' the like o' that now," clicking his tongue against his teeth, and looking at his mistress sympathetically. "The very idea of choosing ber," cried the latter severely "the last girl in the world to suit you—a stranger, too. Why, you know nothing whatever about her." "Throth an' that's thaith, yer ladyship," responded Keogh promptly. "Not a thing do I know about her at all, but sure it's lost I am altogether now; livin' in the height o' hardship, so I am, not wan to look afther me, an' sure—" edging a little nearer,, and lowering his voice confidentially— "won't she do as well as anybody else?" "Oh, if you look at the matter in that light," said Miss O'Neill, heaving a deep sigh of relief, "I have no doubt I can settle it for you quite satisfactorily. I'll find a wife for you, my poor fellow, who .will suit you far better than that creature. Leave it. to me, just give me time to think a little and look round, and I am sure I can choose a girl who will be everything you could wish." Keogh, far from appearing astonished or alarmed at the idea, fell to thanking h,'s patroness with an effusiveness which would have disgusted Molly (already somewbit shocked at his novel views of matrimony) had she not detected ja sly twinkle in L's eye that seemed to belie his words. "Poor, ignorant, helpless creatures, what would they do without me?" ejaculated Miss O'Neill, as they drove on. "'1 have had to bring up their children for them for rnan^ a year, and now it seems I must actually choose their wives. See, my dear, how unfit they are to be entrusted with their own affairs. They haven't the least idea of what is good for them. That man would have been miserable for life if I had not interfered." The sequel to Keogh's romance may as well be stated here. One morning about a week after this episode he accosted Molly, -who chanced to be strolling in the neighbourhood of the lodge, requesting lier to be so kind as to step inside, for he had something to show her. Molly complied, finding the kitchen already occupied by a stout, rosy-faced girl, who curtsied deeply as she entered; after whie-ishe and Keogh fell to giggling immoderately. , "Well?" said Molly, gazing from one to the other in some amazement. '•"Well, miss, that's what I wanted tc show ye," returned Keogh; "that's herself, so it is, that's the bride. We was married yesterday." And, waving his solitary arm towards his newly made wife, he chuckled again. "'What, the girl you spoke of before?" asked Molly, half in amusement, half in alarm. "What will Miss O'Neill say?" "Aye. indeed, that's what we do be sayin' ourselves," said Keogh apologetically, "but sure I hadn't the heart to be disapointin' the crathur an' me promising her so long, an' "—gazing at her appraisingly—"I'd as lief have her as any one afther all, so 1 would." "Aye, an' as I used to be tellin' hi;r.. he'd no call to be lookin' too higb," chimed in his partner. "Him and liis wan arm—" "Go 'long and don't be throwin' thai in my face," interrupted the man somewhat nettled. "Before the ladv, I'm ashamed o' ye. We was wonderin' miss, if ye'd kindly spake a word for us to the misthress. Ye might tell her that herself here wouldn't lave me in pace and quiet"—gazing apprehensively at Ellen, whose colour rose ominously—"an' that she was breakin' her heart intirely afther me,"—his voice increasing in loudness and thus drowning the latter's in- dignant expostulations—"an' that, bedad, miss, it was the ould story—I couldn't get shut of her at all till I married ber." With this he darted out of the house, leaving Molly in fits of laughter, in which, .after various blushings and bridling®, the bride joined. Miss O'Neill's indignation was extrem and the Keoghs received notice to quit immediately; but the new-made wife was so profuse in promises and protestations, the lodge-keeper made so many appeals, and Molly interceded with so much persuasiveness, that she was at last induced to relent, and to add no further punishment to that -which she opined the rash act would prove in itself. 