OUR POLLY. I can remember, as clearly as if it were yesterday, when the little waif first came to us, and what an odd looking mite of a thing she was. It was near the close of a balmy day in June. I was seated on the piazza with Freddie, our youngest pet, playing at my feet, when, looking down across the .meadows, I saw a blue gingham sun-bonnet ^bobbinsr up and down in the long prass. As I it emerged from the field into the path that led through the garden into the house I saw that the wearer of it was a mere child, though dressed in so old a way as to look like a little woman. The small face was nearly lost in tfie big suo-bonnet, whose cape fell nearly !o her waist, while the skirt of the scant calico dress touched her heels. A. three-cornered ker chief, folded demurely across the bosom j complete! the quaint costume I She tnailc no pause to her smooth, gliding motions until the stood directly in front of me. Then dropping a little courtesy, which brought the hem of her dress down to the floor, she said, in a small, piping voice : ?- ' Please, mem, I'm Polly Burton. It's rained so much this- week that mam couldn't pfmll my things dried; islie'Il send Tom with the rest of 'em Saturday?' „ ' I gazed at the speaker-in astonishment and dismay. John had spoken about Retting me a little girl to taker eare.of Freddie and run errands, but what could he be thinking of to send a mere baby Hke this f ' How do you do, Tolly?' I said, kindly. ' I'm afraid you are too small to suit my' purpose. .. Take off your bonnet and let me :'eee how you look.' ':?; pz .. Polly obeyed, revealing a face quite at odd-looking as the rest b{, her. The flaxen hair was drawn tightly baclfc and twisted in a little bob at the . back of the- head, making . the features look- smaller, is which )ras tbe old look so often.seen in -the faces «f. tbe children of the poor - Tfie round blue *yea looked fearlessly into mine, and tberewas something pleasing about -the whole' face, though it was far from a pretty one. . . ' What can jrbndo?'1 ?? \\- ' Heaps,' was the confident reply, ' I can trash dishes, sweep, ecoxa^. knives, run errands, and take care oHbatiy.' I smiled as Polly ran -glibly over her list of accomplishment]*. ' How old are you?' '\ ' 'Lcven.' ' Tou are small for your age.' ' Ves'm ; I don't get time to grow.' As I looked at the small hands, brown and hardened with toil, and .the slight shoulders that were beginning to stoop with the un timely burthens they had borne, I felt that there was a good deal of truth in those quaintly-spoken words. 'You can stay to-night, at all events, ' I said, 'I will talk with the doctor when he comes home and see what he says.' Ten minutes later Polly was seated on the steps of the piazza munching a thick slice of bread and butter with evident satisfac tion, her bright eyes glancing about in every direction. ' Have you a mother. Polly?' ' Sort o', and sort 0' not, She ain't my own ma; my own ma is dead.' ' Is your father, dead, too?' * ' Ko, mum; he's skipped.' ' He's done what?' I said, looking at the Email face in amazement, and thinking that I muet have misunderstood her. ' He's skipped— run off,' explained Polly, in condescending pity at )jny ignorance. Whtn John came home I expressed my doubts in regard to thfr' new investment he had made tor my benefit, declaring that it was likely to irive me the care of two babies instead of one. ' Not at all, my dear,' responded that in dividual, as he took a cup of tea from my hand. ' Polly is no baby. She's done more work during the eleven years of her life than most women at twenty. I attended the children when they had the measles— there's nine of 'em — and I never saw such a patient, willing, industrious little body in my life. ' But there are the children to think of,' I Eaid; ' and her language ie so queer. She spoke about her father having skipped.' ' Did she?' laughed John. She's a comical little thing, but there's, nothing bad about her. Sbe has picked up these expressions, you see. By tbe time tbo children are old enough to be harmed any way. you will have remedied all that, I daresay.' This was the way tbat ' our Polly ' be came domiciled with John and me. With her hair neatly braided and her dresses shortened, and made otherwise more suitable for her years my little handmaiden presented quite another appearance, but she still re tained the quaint speech and old-fashioned womanly ways that contrasted bo oddly with the child-face and form. Put to work as soon as ebe could run alone, ehe had known no childhood. She alluded to tlioee of her own age as ' the children ' never claseing herself among them, speaking about what sbe used to do ' when she was little,' as though that time was far away in tbe dim past. Take it all in all, Folly was quite a char acter, and amused and interested a good deal. She was quite a help to me too, especially in the care of Jennie and Freddie, who got to be very fond of her. She was as honest as the sun, and I never knew her to take tbe least thing without asking for it One day she ran into tbe house, saying: ' There's a hungry man at the gate. Can't I give him Borne of the cold bread and meat »ut of the pantry?' . . 1 assented, without thinking much about it. The next day she came to me with the tame request. Going to the window.I looked down to the gate. where a stout heavily beard ed man was standing, attired in a slouched hat and a coat very much the worse for wear. He. was ^lookrng eagerly up to the house, but turned hifl head quickly away when he saw me. . r ~ ' If o, Polly,' I said; ' this is a strong, able-bodied manj and it's wrong to encourage the idleness that leads to erime by feeding BUCh.' At this Polly hung her head Saying: ' He says lie hasn't had nothin' to eat to day, ma'am. Can't I give him my supper ? I shan't need it. ' I saw that Polly was far from understand ing my motive, bat touched by this unselfish offer, and not sorry for an excuse for yield ing, I said: . '' ' Tou can give .him - the cold meat from dinner, Polly, but don't let it happen again.' Polly would eat 00 supper that night; and thinking that her ideas were rather confused on the subject, I took some pains to explain to her the moral phase of the- tramp question, as I understood it. She listened attentively, ber big blue eyes fixed on my face with 1 solemn, unwinking stare, making no direct reply. ' Was yon ever hungry, ma'am?' Accustomed as I was to Polly's peculiar ities in this respect, I wag considerable startled by such an odd unexpected query. ' Tea; and I expect to be again to-morrow morning, just about breakfast time.' ' I don't mean that kind of hungry; but where there's no breakfast or dinner or supper, or not much of any T ' No, child,' I said, in quite another tone; 'I've never known anything abont that kind ot hunger, and I hope you haven't.' ' I was always hungry. Mam did the beet she could, but it takes a ?pooA deal to go round -where there's nine children.' ' That provis the truth of what I was say ing,' I replied, anxious to enforce my text. ' If your father had worked too, as every man ought that is able, you would have had plenty to eat and to wear.' -' l- He's a bad man; but— but he's my father. The unconscious rebuke in these words made me turn my eyes on the child face, so unehild-like in expression; but she was not looking at me, and evidently not thinking of me at all. After this I noticed a change in Polly. She lost her appetite and the colour that was beginning to come into her checks. But she never complained, declaring shofalt quite well w hen I qneBtioned her. She grew so pale and thin that at last I spoke to John about it, who seemed puzzled to account tor it. 'She must be one of the thin kind.' ho said; ' there certainly is nothing the matter with her.' The following week John and I made arrangements to spend a couple of days at my brother's who lived in an adjoining town. We were intending to take Polly with us.but tbe carriage was crowded, and she begged so hard to be left at home tbat we finally decided to do so. She was so thoughtful and trustworthy that I bad no fears in leaving her, it being only two minutes' walk to the nearest house, and the neighbourhood being a very quiet one. j On account of the scarlet fever being in my brother's family, which neither of the children had bad, we stopped overnight at an acquaintance's, returning' tbe next day. When we reached home' we found the doors locked and tbe windows darkened, and not a sign of life anywhere around. Considerably surprised at this it being near the middle of the day, we rang and knocked until pretty well convinced that there was no one within to hear us. Then we went down towards the gate, being met by Mr. Brown, our nearest neighbour, who had seen us go by, and who told us that Polly bad left the key of the house with his wife last night saying that she had to go away. I thought a little strange of this, but sup posed the child had got lonely and gone to her stepmother's, who lived about two miles distant. On entering the house we found every available point barricaded beloiv, as if in expectation of a siege. Against the back door a heavy bureau was drawn^ on which chairs were piled. John and I laughed at Polly's extraor dinary efforts to make everything secure. Our next discovery was not eo pleatantjcvery bit of silver had vanished, not even a spoon was left. The discovery that followed was more startling still. On going outside John saw the figure of a -man suspended from the sill of one of the back windows. Communi cating his discovery to Mrs. Brown, who was Fitting on the front porch, the two men went upitairs, and I followed slowly, and with beating heart. As I looked into the room I saw the head of a man just inside of tbe window, the heavy sash of which was resting on his neck. He was not only quite dead, but there was every indication that life had been extinct for several hours. He bad evi dently died from strangulation — the features blackened and swollen nearly out of all semblance of humanity, presenting a terrible spectacle on which I never want to look again. The shed, which ran beneath it, showed how he had reached tbe window, and the position in which ha was found how he had met his terrible fate. But as it was clearly apparent that he was killed in the act of en tering, the disappearance of the silver re mained a mystery. John lost no time in notifying the author ities; and the news, spreading like wild-fire, for Eeveral hours the house was thronged by an excited crowd, most of them drawn thither by curiosity. By no one was the body recognised; in fact, it would have been difficult to do so by the face, so distorted was it. Two or three had seen a man of similar build and appearance hanging about the neighbourhood. As they mentioned this I recalled to mind the tramp tbat Polly had fed , and whose form and dress strongly re sembled the deceased. But the people had gone at last, to my great relief. As I stood at the window watching the last one go down the steps, I felt a touch upon my arm. On turning I saw Polly standing just back of me, and looking in the dim twilight more like a ghost than a living child. ' Whtre is he, the man that was killed J'. she said. John pointed to the door of the room where tbe body lay. Without saying another. word Polly opened it and went in. After a mo ment's hesitation John and I followed. With1 blanched cheeks and eyes dilated with horror, Polly stood there as silent and motionless as the ghastly thing stretched out before her. John placed his hand on ber shoulder, Bavins, with a sternness that he regretted a moment later — To yon know this man, Polly?' Polly lifted ber eyes appealingly to mine. ' It's my father,' she gasped, sliding for ward to tbe floor. With a feeling of self-compunction that was clearly visible in his honest face, John jtook up tho little limp form as if it had been a feather and laid it upon the bed in our own room. It was not a fainting fit— Polly was not given to such— but a sadden collapse of the mental and physical powers, that had been stretched to^heir utmost tension. Folly was quite ill for a number of days, during which the ghastly thing she had called father had been buried out of sight, for her sake, as decently as circumstances- would permit. She made allusion to bim, and John would not let me question her until she was strong enough to leave her bed. Before that . time the missing silver was found in an old cheat; in the attic, where eho had hid it. From what folly told me afterwards, I found that her father bad. acquainted her with his intention to rob the house, urging her to aid him by leaving the back door un locked, and threatening to kill . ber if she refused. . 1 ? , ' 1 gave him my dinner and supper for a good many days,' sbe said in conclusion, 1 ' but I couldn't do that. I couldn't tell on him either. He was a bad man, but he was my father.' . As I thought of this little creature stealing out into the darkness with 'the food that fihe bad saved from her own needs, I was glad to know that this bad man was powerless to work her any further ill. '' ? Polly lived with John and me a number of years after this, and we became almost as much attached to her as to pur own children. When she married Charles Conway, a thriv ing young carpenter, we furnished tbe pretty cottage house be built as completely as if it had been for one of our own daughters. Con way makes one of the beat of husband's, and I don't believe that there's a better house keeper or a happier little wife to-day than our Polly. Prevented.— Cholly; If yon Jove me, why did you not answer me five minutes ago ? Maud: Because, dear, I was eatine a iaira rael. 