VI. The Willards had been at Grey Court about a month when I got home. Contrary to any expectation of mine, Otto no sooner heard of my arrival than he wrote inviting me down for some shooting. The position between fatheT and sous was pretty well established when I got there. I noticed at once that the young men seemed to appre ciate their father's society, And' were visibly not a little proud of him ; yet they treated him with rather a straSned deroronce and respect tfh'at had no real affection in it. There whs a life-Ion?: grudge between' .them. I traced the work of Mrs: Dram •mond here, and Williard was not the man to make a bid for any good will which was not entirely (spontaneous. He had dropped into a tolerably easy way with tihem. half-brotherly,V iMf fatherly. and would have been on the best of terms with them, and in the receipt of their most unlimited respect, 1f the shadow of their neglected re lationship had not ever hovered be tween them like a ghost. ;v It was a thousand pities they -were related, they would have made such excellent casual friends. I recollect now a remark of Williard at dinner my first evening- there, it .somehow brought back . the half obliterated vision of Hiss Rosamund to my memoi-y, and set me wondering if •he .had done anything since his arrival in England to advance ihis suit with her. Wifliard's youngest boy was called Otto, after liim, a name Ms friends, iharkvng back, perhaps, to grandmotherly times, corrupted into "Totfcie." Williard violently disliked this, and he had his own emphaitic way of saying so. " Why do you make such a fool of the fellow ? * Tottie !' I tell you once for all to stop it. It's enough to spoil the boy's prospects in life !"• 'Chen his tone changed. "No need to think yon. are poaching on my preserves. There are few enough people who'll ever want to call me ' Otto' again. Tihe talk languished. The ; young men did not relish tihe authoritative tone, while I could not. help wondering if Miss Malnwaring would, ever care, to claim the privilege, and call him by the name of which he spoke. ■My speculations concerning the young lady were partly satisfied next morning by Fred Williard, who, lit seems, had made Rosamund's acquaintance at Dover soon after her return from India. He told me it was s!he Who had recom mended Grey Court to them, and that Tie}' frequency met her now, as She was v>siting some cousins at a neigh bouring place. Whether Fred at all suspected bis lather's admiration of the young laidy I was not able t> detect. I imagine not, for Fred was a plain spoken youth, and doubtless would have mentioned it since he kne-v I had met Miss Main waring at Burrapjr. I liked 'the young soldier,. Fved. the best of all Milliard's sons. He reminded me '>f what ihis father was In India, and aw.iy from his en cumbrances, though Fred owned a re markable amount of bluff candour in great contrast to Williard's eternal reti cence. Dunns' Wis next, few >Tti.re ive Haw Miss Main waring and lier cousins many times. Tihey came to tennis -aft Grey Court, aiul we went out to shoot over the uncle's preserve, when the young lad)f>s came out ami joined us. i Rosamund seemed more bewitchlugly J pretty than ever, but I confess Wii- j Itarrd'a behaviour with her puzzled me. i His reserve and quiet seemed to eon- j centru'te tibenjselves Ln -her presence, ■ thousrb I noticed he still took as great a delight !in watching 'her bright per- | BoraiHty aaidgay little ways as of old, ; ami that once his face lighted up with ! u radiant look of pleasure which was ' positively boyish when she came round , by iliim and examined his gun. With her little gaun'tleted Immlis hoW- ' tag the stock, and her half serious, half mischievous eyes meeting his wholly grave, earnest onjw, she reminded him 6f the " leopard "inciden t," a.nd " how you saved my life." ■ ; " Not yotiiw. Miss Ma'ln waring, only a. poor wretcli of a .syce's. 1 never h'ail the ihappinen.s to do so inuch for you. You were too grateful, that wan all. Yon imade too much of Ah. Miss Ma'unvartoig, it was I who owed sojne flliing that day to you." 1 liardlj caught the words, but I saw this glance linger in :heiw. She toughed uneasily, and let her long lawhes droop to 'hide her eye«. " And this gun—is ft t!he same sort V Show you re to me, too, please !" She turned away with a sort of petulance town j-(ls Fred. WiilVard leant back on his elbow. We were picnicking oji a bank under the lee of a nut copse. He toolc Iris cap ol'l'. aiw.1 thrust liai.-k his thick dark lia.ir from off his forehead, aiiul I noticed 'He did not. otwi look at Rosa mund •Malhnvairi-ng ayaiin. Nig'h't. after 'n'iglii: f Qioavd Mm pacing Ms isnio'khig-room tloor 1!lll almost day break. a;ud more 'Mian once a sl.nvn'g tompta'tio<ii came over me to get. up and go ilo\v;n to ihiui. to loll him .Ho w<is a, fool 'to Wrus lresita'ite, and assure Irtm tli'a't ilha.t handsome face oL' his. lite splendid physique. ssflioulfl will a way for h'im in a. feni'iuluo heart a great deal more dili'idlo than that. of Miss Rowamuml Ma i'n warring. II: was well enough. fihough, to think out such thoughts 'to their logical con clusion in m.v solitude. it was another mirutior 'to approach witih tliem a main like Otto Will.iarcl. T eraiftvs I bog-am 'i'o regard h-i'm as rather a fool to -act as h'e (lid. a;nd even now it -has never 'Itwn satisfactorily cleared up for nve whether It was'simply. doubt, of Ivis power to win the girl in tibe fa to of some obstacles;, or whether it was the suspicion of a something £rt\a:ver. more serious, still, wlik-h held illiin hack from lier. For 'myself T never ted ted tho least doubt, of Rosa mund's willingness to accept him until one .Sunday—I l-ocollect, It. was flic second Sunday of my stay at Grey Court I was strolling iim the Fir Walk, wihich connected Wiflliard's place and tha't. of ' Rei-i:i it rand's -uncle, wihen I came "m sight. of the nnmiiSta'kahl'e forms of .the young hidy and Fred WiUia.rd sifting togetaier after 'a ftiefhloia that was un equivocally lovor-like. TtlVe itrittli flashed on mo vu an Instant.. I reaH.teed ihow 'blind I 'lwwl been. I re call Ml a. ■score of circumstances to cor roborate my siiliileii fear. I went back to the house, for Fred and 'his companion haul boon much too engrossed in 'their own society to notice me, hearing wilili me a very heavy •heart Indeed for poor Williard. and calling the two young people I left be hind in'e hi the Fir Walk ratli«r gra tuitously n. conple of selfish fools. A few nights after my discovery ill tihe Fir Walk young Otto and I were learning ont over Hhte balcony of the billiard-room, when we were a waive _BUd denly that Fred and "Rosamund were talking together to the garden below. V I hardly realised wibla't iiliey were say ing till Otto observed, with more accuracy thaai elegance, bhiat " Old FTed \v«s aiwfully gone on Rosie Molimvar ;ing," and. tiliem their remarks arranged themselves to Co some sort of sequence >m my- ears. < " ilt'0 so easy .'to go to a mau like your father, Fred. He's :so young—(he'll sympathise <md'. say ' yes' in' a moment 11m sure. It can't be so long ago since tie felt like we <lo himself, you know." Mies Rosamund • was saying, and then Fred amswered 'her : " Young fatihers aren't suoli unmixed, blessings, my dai-ltng, I can tell you ! It's not so many days ago I was pre cious jealous of my own father, do yon know ? I thought 'he was nearly . afe mudh in love wit.li you as a certain taimUe somebody else, who'd make n very poor show in the field by the Bide of Wm. Ei, my little girl ?" • -i' Oi. Fred, you silly, silly bh'tog !"■ An!d rlien there 'followed a ripple 'of merry laughter as the two disappeared amomg the shadows. Young Otto joined in the laugh quite openly, add ing: "Good old Fred, he's too proud of-'himself to raiikt any secret of how 'that land lies !" ae I anade some speech albout our -having no inisinesas to over hear fclieir conycnsivtiom thus. AlVaiit a week afterwards, coming (town to filmier in answer to the early gang, I found Fred and (his fatih'er alone .in Ch'e <li'awing-rooni. .. • Wiilliard 'had Ms h'and on tihc young. feJltfw's.drm, atn<l was talking to h.1ni 'in •Ms naturally <leep-toned, quiet voice, but tliere was. a troubled look in 'his, -eyes, and a nervous, contracted strain aboii't the eyebrows iuid month, which I had never «ee® • before, and which Fred apparently did not observe. &uessimg; titie subject of their talk, I was closing tihe door fl^aiin, w ith a "view to beating a. Iraj^tj' retreat, when Wul Iiard called to me: " Don"t go," .Tones. You ought to Ire one'of the first; to !hear- the news. ■ "TiMs fellow, KYed, 1s—engaged going to iiiaTTy—Miss Main waring," and then lie added, clasping and un clasping Ms fingers round a little sdaitueitte on the mantelshelf as he spoke, " I have (leave so little all their lives for these sons of mine, Jones, it seems 'a sort of duty to make tih'is boy ■h'appy now. He's a -trifle young for It ■to bo sure. 1>ut " " Yon' w-erfe younig- yourself, sir, once • under tilie same circumstances," Fred blundered. . " Yes, I was young once myself," Wil li'ard saiid, " and I suppose now II n m learning what it means to be old:'' The words of congratulation I uttered imust have >h>n:d a very trite, .unreal' sound, and I totally forget how Fred replied to them. At th'e time I felt completely stunned by this crude I'n terpretaMcm of W.lffiard's recent con duct, and irritated beyond measure at Fred's sublime ignorance of the saicri flce made cxn IWiis beteilf. I stood, and stared at the father >and son, looking. I 'have no doubt, an alssoltite fool, aft I uttered my incoherent congiialtula tions. It was a welcome relief to all of lis when the dinner gong boomed ou't a era in. • I 'held my peace, aiiud made my m'tad; up all 'lilin!t evening, mid when 1'he •household had I'etired I went baldly, ati'd boarded "Wlllllard an Jiis smoking room. I knew, of caurae, I was weeks too tote—yet, I felt, for once I must speak my mind out. .. . I thought WHlii'ard looked more like1 an old irra-Ti Mian I had ever seen him as I opened t'he dooa\ and found ivim eit'bi'ng by 't'he table, hla liaiid across the book ihe was not attempting to read, a;od lite 'handsome Pace shadowed by the green whade of the lamp. He looked up, a*nd raised Ills eye brow.-;—clearly Ik; bad no pai-tlleulfti desire for my society. I lighted a pipe, and smoked a minute in silence. " Williard," I said tlion, " what in the world is tlie meaning of ithis engagement ol' Fred? Wliat are you thinking of ? It's absurd, totally absurd." I looked at him, and he met my eyes steadily, and knew perfectly what it was they implied. At last Williard stood up and lean! his shoulder against the bronze on tin* mantel-shell'. He half closed his eyes, and smiled. "I don't think I should have asked you 'here, Jones, old man, If I had known how tilings would end. It's a strange eliding, God knows." He walked up and down the floor, and then by-and-by went on in a more natural tone : " .Tuijt consider, .Tones, my friend, the sort of parent I have been contented to be to those boys. They've never had a soul to love them since their toother died. I owe a good deal to theni. " But why do wo talk of it ? i'ou menu well, Jones, but a man ean get 011 best without talking sometimes. You <lonM. mind leaving me to myself, ilo you ? Good-night. I hope they make you comfortable! here-sec after you, and all that sort, of thins." He gave me his hand, and 1 went away, not in the least offended at my dismissal, only sick ul. heart, and fur ious with all the world excepting him. I From (hat night AVilliard buried his f 'eiings very success'ully. He was a little quieter and slemor, I thought. Otherwise 'there was 10 change for any one to notice. I was the only one who was not abso lutely astonished when, somewhere about; this time, he announced his in tention of cutting irhort his leave by a couple of months. T am told ho made Ills will anrl settlements, which set everything straight and comfortable for the young people, though I believed li"retl con sidered ithe lectures, and admonitlons lie was also made the recipient, of, very superfluous talk, and Rosamund fell i herself defrauded of her just dues si nee her future father-in-law at parting never bestowed upon :her the paternal kiss of benediction she clearly had a. right 'to expect. Williard made some hearts supremely happy, these shortcomings notwith standing. and he never shadowed any one's existence by. the knowledge of •his own sacrifice. ■ • He went baelc to hie work in hjs' quiet characteristic way only the Rur rapur people wrote home''iceproacMullv ■to ask what we iiiuV been (loins to the collector, to send him back to them an old man. | Williard never wrote - .much He and I knew too much about each other to veuture henceforth to be very communicative. Things "have changed with all of us, and reading my ''Tunes" this evening'; I came across a paragraph announc ing the death of Sir Otto Tremaine W'illiard, Jv.O;S.I. . He had received ■honours and decorations and many re cognitions of liis merit since the old Burrapui'. days. «Still, I say " it as one, speaking with authority, y Williard was a braver." truer-.hearted man tlian most men realised. •That; paragraph, stating so briefly.. liow he lived and how now he has j died, has >awalcened these memories. 