A SOLDIE .'3 GHOST STORY In the year 1Y.J there was a large garrison at Dover. as there was at that time a Lconstant expectation of an at tack from France. There were six rbattalions at Dover, four of which were quartered in the. Castle. On 14th January there happened an event which made a great imnpression on the garriLon. and which was never ex plained. Among the men whose dutl was sentry-go on that night was G(il-?s Markham, a native of Tewkesbbnry, who was what is called "a charncter." A bold, boisterons. rollicking fellow, he always loudly expre scd a disbelief in tlhino~ which were not vouched for by his own senses. On the night of 14th Januaryry. 1 . Giles Markham went on to take his turn of sentry duty at eleven oclowk. and he was to be at his pot until one in the morning. The air was cold antd bracing. Within tle guard-house a hIrge fire blazed merrily, and the men were merry. too. Mlarkham, who was al ways the hlading spirit amlong his cotl rod'es was full of fun. and had enter tained thent with tinny a story and jest. At lenIgt his turn for duty came, and he reluctantly turnted out. Dulhnaes fell ituolln the gIltdhouse when lie left. and nolt of the mnen dropped into a dose. The fire was be ginning to burn low when stddenly tihe voice of the sentry ait the guardhouse door was heardl arlling out. antd sniOae one rushell Into the rooml. Everyoue was tawake in a minute. :in the intrnl der was seen to be Giles Markhamt. IlLs cheeks were vwhite. his liitlt tirenblel. his firehlok, which he had brought with hilm. fell with a crash to the gr~and. The whole of the inguard were by this time alarmed. and all crowdted round the man and asked in one voic iWhat's the nmatter. Iarkiatni ". Wlhat has happened ? "I have cseen my mother." g-lted the unhappy man. "een thie devil." said the sere:ut. "And suppose you lhrve, why did you quit your post ' Was I to go into the sentry- lbx while ti.y mother was, here Y' denand cl1 Itarkhamn, shaking from head to fTmt a s If i an ague lit. " I tell you. I -otnldtit do it-no. not If it were to save lily life." "It wuotnt do. M?ttrkhaltt. salid the serge*i?nt. " I:ecollect that there are such things as the Articles of War. It won't do to crnek youllr jokes It the. ex ?eLttc' of ltheml. But tltrklutni s anner si illlpriti sst the i?'lt that antie of themi altttt-t n irnnai,nltly tnitled ilthe time by the Imtoullroom clock. It was, live-andt :%,.'.iy sailUs vI. to tue, a:nd a tatemorau-. SI s W1 t:l taIt the tieme. " Iasu it-rry for you. Markloun" said Ilth s.rgeant.l "but this must be re lt'rta"l Ito the elliter, and you must 1:1ke the uonsllueiUtte." " thoe I -:llre what the Olvsmtluenres MIay: 1,. or Io vwhloaI[ you report rme," ha n.jpli e. VWhen'u tihe oliler arrived, he, ef cour; deolmtuldh all .explanatie.. .1arklumn. who had by this time re *,veretd lhis self-composure, then gave the following attlount of his adlre- ture : " You know whlllre uy post was." he shld. "ou tho litatform of Number F'ive Ilttery, which overlooks the sea. The sentry whom I relieved reported ' All welL' Over the surface of the (Cllntnel, as far as my eyes could realrlh, not a thlttr was novin. - The loilses frout the town grew every t"e lnent less aud Icss, ;ud at last they ldied awtay, vu thult, when the clocks struck twelve there was not a sound except lthe roar of the se?a. I have ofte.n donle duty on tlhat Post before, but never lave I felt the siltenre'as did to-night. I rwas thoroughly de Intprtedi by tile stililness and loneiness around ilet. Aud then I fell a-thiuk iug?. I tltought of toy lnst life anod I kltewV tItit it il;tl tot Iten all It-ouLght to Ilhae loeeu. I thought of Uiy iotillher, alsod I retitntdrlorl howv she iused to weep over tly father's loose life-and it was a very loose life--and how she usedl to pI?ay th11at I mitght turn out :a better Iman than he was. Poor mtother: I stood asidle the gun, aud roel't like t ltaby as I thought of her. andIll of whallt she wouIld thiluk of lte fII0v. After a time the feeling wore tal. and I lauhtll at mityelf fur givitig waly to illy, sentiulentalistn. I fared slhut. :nd1 walkedl to the end of lny Is- it. anld trhen, feeling tired. made for the sentry box. Sir, you may not be liteve ult: but L?there is a heaven above iti. there at the Ilrx stood my mtother. She was pale. and looked at me with In explression of Worrow that cut me to the heart. 1 was glued to the spot. I tould not tliove. I heard her voice. Sie said. 'This day twelve uotiths we. shallt meet a:tain.' The wordt utsnot tie,. and I. who was never frightene' Iefort;e, qtaked wviih fear-fear of what I know not. I tried to brteak. but couldn't I1t rngth I found feeling re turn to moy t- gs; aind I bolted. Believe mte s you like, e.very word I have esitl. sir, is true." "You have toldt a strnge sttiry3, 31:lrkaolu." said ti1e olltler. n to account for your commission of a serious mill t:ary otfetll. But will do this much for you. .1 prisoner you must be. and a re~tort Iuust lbo sent in to-tnorrow its tie tolonel; but he shall be told your tile. nd as. to? have I en a good soi dier. I will :eg his leniency for you. You are a native of Tewkesbury, yotu say. Dwots youlr mother live there r" SI lulhave every revason to Suplose st. answer-n t hlarklitu.- -It is. years siu? Il have setti her or written to her." "Very welL" said the ollirer, "your mothellr shall Ite written to: and ytot tale wrill derpend on the answer." Mlarkllant was kept a prisoner litha li?blt. :aud was reportled next morninig. Two letters were despatched by tsi aolonleL ,une to Markhatm's mlolther, ltl: another to tIlthe ler-man of the paristl in which she was sOuplpol to nlside lI due ulrse tlhen- ttillte lark answer, to IbIl Ilettrrs. Otie was in tihe hlitl writing of .llarkhaLns father. and Ith other frolt the lburs l. The lbtte stated l:ht lit' hadl rer-iveil an ititm?t in'tim the vtry tllorinig when 1h, tohlunl's letter reachetl hil that th wto?all e?,unerniug whoml the ilquiril :' tiad Ie itt tde was tio te huried nes Iday. 3Marklam. senior. In hits letter stltatl that his wife had tiedl at halt islst twelve onl the nighit of 14th Janl ary. The tw?s made so ilnlUt itupr? sion iu tile talonel that 13arkham wa releaseit Time roledl on until a year had gont anid attrkh:tu' reguiment rwas at As]l font. When ll tl January lcane rou r?gin M:larklahnt seemtet as healthy a: ever. He hatd gone through a low: fftiguoe dut itn the ilay, and when beW1 ime antle he gladly tumbled in, sayin. a cheery -"iood-night" to his con: rades. That was at ten 'clocLk. onm two hours and a half afterwans on. of the men of Markham's company who had hail Itave toL'ie'L-te rame I'. and was a lbit noisy. Some of the me: woke up. and IMarkham's eoie wea heard saying, " I am coming, mother.' It was 1"2.'0 on the 14th of January Markham was found dead in his te. the next morniug, with a peaeefnu happlly look In his face.-" Golde:. Penny." 