A GOSSIP ABOUT'JOHN 1 CHIN AM AN,! OVftn Chinaman, df a Vriteiin "Lloyd's Weekly" may be .trusted, is teither .quite Ehe rogue represented - in- Set Harbe's joenj, "^The Heathen Chinee,'f nor altoge Iher 'the simpleton' pictured ii I/auvb's im bortal '"'Dissertation on Roas, Pig." He b tie world's donkey. He ca be led; he )riR not be driven. As in thcoase of Gor lon, he will, after proving Inn, honor a treat man, whatever (his nasonality. But to Western ideas John's life.s devoted to traud. He believes, and ah'ays has be lieved, 'that he sees with t\yo yes, and that the "foreign devil" sees witn .nly one. We wear black for mourning, or or our boots; Ife uses -.white. We care forihe living; he cares for 'the dead. With hii the place of (honor is on the left hand. H. doffs his hat bs a sign of disrespect. His^-oses 'have no fragrance. His womenfolk iear no petti coats and do no shopping, x he is happy enough to escape ironi the poverty and drudgery which form the rul-: of life in the !Fk>wery Land his table is he measure of Ilia riches. His legal code isiormed oh tlie supposition that iraud is unversal. Trial by this code is synonymous'witih torture. It is not nqvel to find a goyrnor who has been exiled for his misdeeG recalled and promoted, because his ,uccessor . has eclipsed 'him in rascality. Fom those near tttae throne to those i tlhe hovel tkle practice is to gic bribes to eil above, and to exact them (from those belaw. Govrnment goods are sometimes a year in trauit, the officials in charge being more anxi<us to levy fees for alleged obstruction than to expedite the Imperial business. And yet luring the time )the East India company trded with China there was no record of uroney being lost through the fraud or faille of a native merchant, though large suiis had to be handed to .Chinamen for he purchase of tea in the. interior of the country, where the foreigner was not pertitted to go. John's simplicity is . exemplified in the tact that during the. Ginned aipan. war he put, up umbrellas to proLeC him from the enemy's shells. One write; describing tne capture of Amoy by the [irrcish in 1841, Bays Che officials prepared c battery of- 20y. guns along- the snore. ^ Sailing vessels ffvould have, had to run, he gauntlet of Itiheir fire. . Admiral Pairkr, teowever, had his sailing vessels towed rp 'to the town B.t a safe distance. The town was taken pith the loss of one majq whilst the na tives lost.50. 'The Ohrese general de dared such practices wee without pre cedent. When "Sir H. dough landed; fi fountain battery, amd frcii a neighboring hill attacked the Chinese junners ? irom the rear, the officials, who hd never.dreamt Df guns being fired down a aill, sent off hur ried. dispatches informing the Emperor of the treacherous impropriey of tine "bar barians." until the East India Company ceased to exist we 'knew little ol the interior, of China. - This was as diifficil't iix> penetrate BS Tibet is to-day. But luring the pas: half century or so 'traveler's tales have Bcciimulated to a surprisw? extent. And \ve find as a result that tileir tea. cup and sviliow plarte rerpresentelkwis of tlhem Belvea are among .the most truthful things about ffie -Celestiis. _ They are tun ancient people- Thedr jivihsaifaion. dates from the; days before Abenis and Kome. But they aire content for ihe most part to be governed by laws thataire thousainds of gars behind the time, and which even ublai Khan, as we knowthat famous Em peror through" 'thepage;,.'of Marco Polo, could see the weakness o. The Empire of China to-day covers aboii one-twelfth part Df the <world's surface, tr something like 4,250,000 square miles. 'Its 400,000,000 of inhabitants are, for the sost part, still pur . suing their arts and *in<ustries with the primitive tools, methods^ and ideas of 2,000 years ago. Their belief m 'their own supe^ rioriiy is only equalled by their disdain or the foreigner. It is onlywithin recent years Ithat the Imperial' will jonsen'ted to recog nise 'the emissaries of cher Powers in any ether ihan a subjective sen se. The Empe , ror is still in theory "he Son of Heaven, itihe Emperor o'f all win inhabit tlhe earth, and Lord of all lordt" ^Vthen ithe first steamer touched theirs'hores 'the Chinese lof Canton and ^laxao evinced no .surprise. fThev said-"Have get plenty all same in leide*'-i.e., in tlhe in'ceaor of their country. tJo'hn is poor, as pooT is the poorest in the Hvost of Ireland or thi Northern Hebrides used to be. He and'hia family and live stock, the pig being',ah. important asset, exist togettier in wre'ehed hovels. But 'he "works rather than bees for his living,1 and .h'i3""womenfolk work'iik>.':*,:I-i A Chinese woman i is expected when .young to obey her fLtlier and her eldest brother; when marriei, her husband; when a widow, her eldest on. She gives no or ders. There is a Ciinese proverb which Bays, "Women and ciildren are clothes" ttx> be 'had wlien waited, to be cast' off desired. . But in thelanguage, the symbol for "rest"' and "quia" is t'hat for "wnnan ? under the domestic :0o'f. Married Kins are compelled to live unler their parents' roof, (where their wives aie subject to the :rule of ti ino"hcr-in-law, or. of . an elder sister-in lawl With his- po\erty .may 'be compared.' John Chinaman's cillous 'view of the value of human life. Tfis callousness seems to be even more conirtnptuous than that met ijvith in India. And yet the Chinese dread the name of death When one has died Be has been "killel." In Euhkein, which in some respects is the most promising part bf China, to mencon death to a native is to render him an ?insult, especially at the opening of the y<Hr. Tlie dreaded word is evaded wherever possible. John is much of a devil worshipper. What _ is called the "worship of ances tors" is a complicated system for .laying the ' spirits of Ihe departed. It ds the common belief tiat, if the ghosts are not worshipped and ted they wreak vengeance on the living, "he worship being the pro vince of the sot facilitates ~ divorce and polygamy, but i? not without certain re deemding featurei. It has been computed that the public '.worship of ancestors" costs the Empire £0,MX),000 per annum, and the private worship, £24,000,000. In Chinese society the scholar is regarded as next to the 'Emperor; then comes the farmer, and after him tiie mechanic and the trailer. 'Ihe amusement or decorative caterer comes last in the scale, in accor dance with tlx? saying that "the man who pays highly for a song will not give much for virtue." Scholarship, however, is scarcely such as we should designate by that name. But Chinese literature is not destitute of fancy. For instance, there is en old Chinese romance'of which "Voltasre made use, and which has many renderings but one moral. A doctor of reason, medi tating among the tombs, observed a young .widow fan ping one of them. Seeing her in tears the philosopher asked the cause. She replied, "You see a widow at the tomb of htr husband. He was most dear to me. He loved me with tenderness. Af flicted with the idea of parting, his last nvords were, 'My dearest wiie, should you ever thini of marrying again, 1 conjure you to wait it least until the plaster of my tomb be entirely dry.' Xow," said she, *as the walls are still damp, I thought I IR- ou'iti halp them to' get dry." The philo- j gopher -told his adventure to his own young and beautiful wife, who declared that ghould lie die before her she would never marry again. The philosopher puts her to the test by shamming death, -and finds her constancy no greater than that of the woman-'he had met amongst the tombs. She, being discovered, commits suicide, and he resolves never to take another wife. In 1887 the Marquis Tseng, than umlbos gadior to 'Great Britain, wrote in one of the reviews of the "awakening o-f ^Chmas mil lions to a consciousness ot their strength." Ja. 1893 tlhe late Br. Pearson, who had seen in California and in Australia the calm and dogged perseverance, ol t'he Chinese, their tolerance of climatic extremes and ifiheir bodily vigor on «. scant and often repellalit diet, published his famous "fore cast" of Chinese industrial competition, confining'.the European races to tlie tem perate zones. Almost concurrently with t)r Pearson's "forecast" appeared the German Emperor's cartoo'it bidding the na tions of Europe to defend their lirwest pos sessions against China, ito JLaepmg rebel lion wilich Gordon, working against nativ es well as English War Office prejudices, succeeded in quelling, was started by. a fanatic schoolmaster, who, chagrined at his failure ,to achieve power by passing the Jitexary examinations, took upoin- himselt ifce role of a new Mohammed, and, preach ing Christianity, practised the most awfu. crimes, and wound up by committing sui cide. The Boxers, on toe other hand, are tihe avowed. enemies of faotli Christianity and all "foreign devils. How bitter the feeling against the foreigner is m that part of r-hina in which, we are told our future interest lies is shown by Mrs. Bishop in Iher recent book "The Yaogtse. "Valley. a^d Bevond." Slie was t=urrounded t)y a mop, stoned, amvl for 12 monl/hs suffered irom the effects of concussion of tihe brain.; -She got do satisfaction from the authorise?. _ After all, Jolin Ohinainan, from Ins child-, feodd onward, noirtures a shrewd idea of buffiness, or "pidgin,", as he calls it. , And fcliat Ms hatred for the ^'foreign devils (or "foreign spirits5^ as sonie render tne ryhrase) is not -itmrartiga'ted -by^ a regara for his own pecuniary welfare is proved by tihe feet that (to mention one section of his "pidgin1" alone) the value of t'he trade of China with the Britisdh Empire in 1890 is returned at no. iese .a'figure than [4^084^000. 