CHAPTER THE LOADED PISTOL. Two minutes' walk and Hubert had rL..chcd the main road. He hailed a hansom, and was driven to Ludgate Hill Station. Trains leave there after mid night, but lie did not travel by one. Ho entered the station by one door and left it by another. He had' no wish for his journey to be traced— his present pro ceedings would foul any scent. Crossing Now Bridge-street he walked on and turned down the Embankment and still walked till lie reaohed the railings of the Temple Gardens. Here he paused. There was no moon and in the darkness there did not appear to bo a soul in sight. It was a somewhat difficult.but not im possible task to climb those railings. In a few minutes lie was on the other side, panting a little from the exertion, but still there. His old University athletic training stood him in good stead. And he had to climb theru again—to break out of the garden in fact—into the Temple. For the man he was wanting to see had rooms in Garden Court. He might have rung up the night porter at the lodge and gained admit tance that way, but he had a reason for effecting an unperceived. entrance—the same reason which had prompted him to destroy his trail atLudgate Hill .Station. The Temple is singularly quiet in the small hours. As Hubert strode across the gardens, he saw his beacon. There was a light in the first floor window of a house in Garden Court. The chambers of Clifford Grey. Barrister-at-law was the profession followed by Mr. Grey. And followed in somewhat eccentric fashion. When others were in the land of Nod, he worked. Did the work he should have done in the evening. He said he found it quieter and more pleasunt then. Those who knecv him gave other reasons. Those which concerned women and wine and cards. But Mr. Grey was not a fool, He knew that the reputation he was gaining for smartness in the law courts, would soon decay if he neglected his business too much. So his inflexible rule was to break oil at midnight and retire to his Chambers. That was how lie had the nickname " Cinderella " applied to him —colloquially " Cinders." He always fled at the approach of midnight. Cinders was somewhat surprised to hear a rapping at his outer door. Sur prised—not alarmed. . Someone had come after him perhaps from the Club something he had left behind possibly. .Everyone knew he coufd be found in chambers in the small hours. It Was a standing joke. So he got up from the work he was engaged on—the perusal of a brief—and opened his outer door. A man stood on fhrpclinlrl " Hullo, Hubert ! What the Dickens brings you here at this ungodly hour ? I thought you went in for beauty sleep and all that sort of thing ! Come in old chap." The Hon. Hubert entered, and the outer door was closed. '• What's the matter? You look as pale as if you had seen a ghost. Sit down." They sat—facing each other, with the table between tneni. Hubert unbut toned his coat, and put his hand to his breast pocket. And his hand stayed there." " What the devil's the matter with you, Hubert P Why on earth are you staring so P What have you come here at this hour for P " . " To kill you ! " Under ordinary circumstances,Cinders would have looked on this as a joke. As ; it was, he.half laughed. But there was a quiet determination about the voice uttering those three words, which stifled the laugh and made his face grow a j shade paler. The two men sat facing each other j silently for nearly a minute. Then i Hubert said : "You guess whatfor—Nellie Esmond." Just a alight start, just a shade more pallor in the face, otherwise Cinders sat as quietly as before. But he thought he grasped the situation now. That fool Nellie had opened her mouth. He fore saw trouble before the interview was over. He remembered that in a desk at the back of him he had a revolver, and a small box of cartridges, If he could get the weapon the sight of it might make his visitor more amenable to reason. Looking down the barrel of a revolver has had that effect on most men. He did not see the slightest need of its actual use, but it would give him more weight in the argument which he felt must ensue, and might be an important factor in turning the end of the discus sion in his favour. So he rose to his feet to reach for it. " Sit down." And he promptly sat. The prompt ness mainly induced by the sight of a pistol which Haddon had drawn from his breast pocket, the mouth of which he could plainly see, so level was the pointing of it. " If you move I press the trigger.That might do harm to others as well as to yourself. I mean that you may not be prepared to die," " You mean you will give me time to say my prayers ! How very good of you." Cinders said this in a sneering tone. Even yet he had not realised the gravity of t.he fiit.unt.ion> That there v/as to be trouble he foresaw, but shooting—mur der in fact—was it likely that Hubeit would run his neck into, a noose? And over a woman, too ? Ridiculous ! But unfortunately Cinders was measur ing his visitor by his own standard. He lost sight of the fact, that there comes to some men times in their lives, when life does not seem so very worth the living after all. 