WITH THE AUSTRALIAN IMPERIAL REGIMENT.. Another letter has been-received from Trooper J. C. Ryan,. " A " Coy. A.LR., and is given below: Camp Marandellas, July 14, 1900. My last terminated with the intelligence that we might be up in arms against the Kaffirs in this part at any moment, but the nigger scare has exploded-our Lee Metfords have not had a chance of doing ditto so far. Garrison work has monopo- lisod our time, and the perfect order maintained in the horse lines and t nts could not be excelled by an old campaigner Bugle calls are obeyed instanter. We have had a fair amount of "friendly" skirmishes, and "A" squadron is on the qui vire for an immediate order to march. The horses are in first rate nick, have been inoculated by first class Home vets., and failed to show the semblance of a trace of the dreaded glanders, Large bluish-grey ticks have made themselves at home, however, on the poor wretches, they being partial to a hiding place under the mane. A smaller one is always to be found boring under the skin in the wound made by its mate, where the latter deposits her eggs, and they swell visibily while engaging their cannibalistic propensities. Curious to relate, with'the growth of the young grass, which takes place in about a month's time, the vermin die off. During the week we rede out to the site of a native chief's tomb, which is situate two miles from camp underneath a huge boulder which he had prepared as a fort and with his braves did battle against the British;. Sketched with his life blood are numerous figures of strange animals and nude warriors, with hideous faces, and the ribs depicted on the skele. ton. Many of our squadron seemed to be imbued with morbid tastes, as the resting place of the chief is now minus a good many bones as gruesome mementoes of the visit. Next day we patrolled in the vicinity of a Kaffir Kraal, three miles out from camp. Close by is the residence of a native commissioner, a nice brick house, fruit garden, and outbuildings. One of the latter is a prison, and the responsibilities of our fellows were very much aroused at -the-eight of a Kaffir policemen' (Black Watch wo term them) strutting about in uniform, red cap, bare feet, a bandolier with cartridges and an old Martini-Henri rifle with a solitary black prisoner road making. Every yard the latter moved, his keeper followed with rifle at the shoulder, and the full dignity of his post maintained. Hard by was evidence of the rising of the Mashonas and Matabeles. A well kept little cemetery showed close on a score of graves. with neat headstone, bearing witness to the rank of the Umtali volunteers and others who fell at their posts. One stood out prominently con voying a sad reminder that a whole family had perished at the hands of the savago Kaffir. Much of a muchness as in way back Australia is the work of the black horde here, whom the Sunday school children delight in sharing their spare pennies with. True. missions are good enough in their way, but many a well-aimed bullet performs a better mission than too much civilization to the wily nigger. A minute's ride from God's aere brought us into the region of the aforementioned Kraal. An old Kaffir gave the signal of the appearance of armed soldiers, and helter skelter rushed old and fat Kaffir women, younger ones with their picanninies at their breasts, fowls, geese and pigs followed, mongrel dogs. brought up the rear, and in the space of half a minute not a black varmint was to be seen, nor a sound heard to break the silence of the location. We were out for enjoyment, and a dare-devil lieutenant alongside his captain showed by his beam. ing countenance there was fun afoot, de spite the fact that we were on horseback. Our steeds wound in and out around" the huts and for a change of menu commenced devouring the thatch of the roofs. This, if to their taste, was not to a buck Katfir who likes a roof over his head. After loud ejaculations he came to the con olusion we were only on a sightseeing inission, and soon numbers emerged from their hiding. plahices. But only three of the softer sex could spare their blushes and smile on tihe gentlemen in khaki. Ono;. psessed of an infant in arms, did not hesitate in allowing the gay sprig of a lieutenant to lift the pionnniny on to his mount, but when he essayed to move off. she yelled frantically and jumped from a rock, holding his bridle meaningly the while. The kid yelled "mummy, mummy I" (fact) andwas soon restored to its parent's arms, but not be fore a friend of " mummy " had shouted for "Khama" to come to their aid. Then a copper.skinned youngster of ten came to the door of the hut and saluted in a manner equally as good is, many of our lads. Then thore was bartering for baccy and we all parted friends after a fruitless endeavor on the part of a couple of troopers to get away unobserved with a few young goats. Tihe whole of the squadrons have now reached here after a ten days' march from Umtali. (110 miles) and. the gratifying intelligence is in the air that "A " squad ron starts for Bulawayo on Monday next with two light mule waggons carrying kit etc., only up to 2,500 lbs, which can make at.the rate of 36 miles every; 24 hours., As near as possible by road Bulawayo lies 288 miles from Maran- dellas. To say the least of it, it is exasperating to have day succeed day, yet never a sign as to how the war Is pro. grassing, to say nothing of our ignorance as to whether Australia is in the same place as when we last looked back on its shores. We are, however, practically in the know that we join' forces with tile gallant Baden Powell, that the A.I.R. is looked on with a deal of favor in this country, that some warm fighting is on the tapis, and that we have a big show of being there or thereabouts. Suflice it to say, immense quantities of foodstuffs and clothing are being.dispatched from. the base camp here to the front; that field dressing for wounds forms a good portion of the baggage ; that ours was inspected today and our description cards (name, address and next of kin inscribed thereon) handed to each man with the injunction that same be sown in his left hand inside coat pocket. The health of the camp in excellent, good water is plentiful, frosty nights are succeeded by summer days, our appetites are abnormal, and good " scoft " is abund. ant. ' Up to date six troopers have been invalided home to Vic. from various causes, showing that disease lurks in the regions traversed and. it has. been made manifest among of the Imperial Yeomanry in particular that many a brave lad gives uip the ghost befcre he can smell powder or take an active part in the stern realities of the battlefield, My next should prove more interesting matter, providing there be a few spare moments to concentrate an active mind upon... This may read on the surface egotistical, but oven while "playing at soldiers " there is no idle time between reveille and tattoo. One hundred of our fellows performed the mournful duty yesterday of following the mortal remains of the late Captain Hamilton of the Queenslanders, to his last resting place adjoining our camp. The poor fellow died in the hospital the pre- vious day. Marandellas Sunday Midnight, 15/7/00. We have all been busily engaged since reveille (6 a.m), receiving new kit and transferring 100 Hungarian ponies from the remount lines. These have been ordered to Bulawayo, for which town we march tomorrow afternoon at 2, and, in addition to our own patient hacks we will be burdened with these lively little animals, each man being responsible for one of them up to that number. Our uniform is calculated to be the most suit able color for wear, indeed it is hard to distinguish a body of ours moving through the grass. We have. however, been sup. plied with fresh bridles, leggings, spurs, overcoats and an extra pair of boots, as well as lashings of warm clothing. Five fast mule waggons accompanying us, while a similar number of ox waggons bring up the rear. All cheerful, as customary when on the move, anda more exciting period anticipated. 