THE CHINAMAN AS HE IS [LLOYD'S WEEKLY.] John Chinaman is neither quite the rogue represented in Biet Harte'8 poeme ' The Heathen Chinee/ nor altogether the simpleton pictured in Lamb's immortal 4 Dissertation on Boast Pig' He u the world's donkey. He raa ba !ei; he will not be driven. As in the case of Gordon, he will, after proving him, honor gr*at maB, whatever his nationality. But to Westtrn ideas J.ha's life is devoted to fraud. He bel eyes, and eljvays has believed, that he eeea with two 6yes, acd that the ' foreign devil' sess with orl/ one. We wear black for mourning or for our boots ; he us;e wbitp. We cate for the livirg, he cares for the d6td. W.th tim the place of honor is on the left hat d. He defia bis hat as a sign of disrespect. His ro.-es have io fragrance. His women folk wear no pett coats and do no shopping. If he is happy enough to eecapa from the poverty and drudgery which form tte rule of life in the Flowery Land, his table is the measure of his riches. His legal code is formed cn the supposition that fraud is nnimsil. Trial by this code is synonymous with torture. It is not novel to find a governor who has been exiled for his misdeeds recalled and promoted because hiB successor hes eclipsed him in rascality. Fiom those i near the throne lo these in the hovel the practice » . is . to . . give bribes . . . to . all above n and 1 to exact tuemfrom those below. GLvarnment goods are sometimes a year in transit, the officials in charge beir g more anxious to levy fees for alleged obstruc tion than to expedite the Imperial business. And yet during the time the East India Company traded with Ghina there was no rcc3rd of money being lost through the fraud or failure of a native merchant, f hough Urge sums bed to be handed to Chinamen for the purchase of tea in tha interior of the cointry, where tte foreigner wasnat permitted to go John's simplicity is exemplified in the fact that during tbe Chine-Japan war be put up uabrellaa to protect him from the enemy's shells. One writer, describing the capture of Amoy by the Bdt sh in 1841, says the officials prepared a ba'tery of 200 guns along the shore. Sailing vessels would hare had to run the gauntlet of tieir fire. Admiral Parker, howerer, had his sailing vessels towed up to the town at a safe distance, The town was taken with the lesi of one mar, whilst tbe nativea lest 50. The Chinese general declared suoh practices *ere without precedent. When Sir Henry Gough landed a mountain bst-1 tery, and from a neighboring hill attacked the Chineee gunners from the rear, the officials, who had never dreamt of guns being fired down a hill, sent off hurried despatches infoiming the Emperor of the treacherous impropiie'y of the 'barbarians.' A Ghineaa woman is expsct3d wh;n young to obey her father and her eldest brother; when married, her husband ; when a widow, her eldeBt son. She gives no orders, There is a Chinese proverb whioh says ' Women and children are clothes'—tD te had when wanted, to be oast off as desired. But in the language (he symbol for "rest" and "quiet" is ttat for "women under the domestic roof." Marriad sons are compelled to live under tieir parents' roofs, where their wives are subject to tbe rule of a mothcr-?n law or of an elder eisierin-faw. With his poverty may be com pared John Ohinaxnan's callous view of the value of human life. Th : s callousneES saems to be even mora oontemptu- ous than that met with in India. And yet the Chinese dread tae name of d a'h. I When one has died he has bsen "killed," In Fabkein, which in some reepeots is tbe most promising part of Ohin», to menfian death to a native is to render him an insult, especially at the opjning | of the year. The dreaded word ie evaded wherever possible. John is mnoh of a dtvil worshipper. What is called the worship of ancestors is a complicated system for laying the spirits of the departed. It ie the common belief that if the ghosts are cot worshipped and fed they wreBk vengeance I ^ « 1» • mi L! I ! /I on the living. Tbe worship being (he province of the son facilitates divorce and polygamy, but iB not without certain redeeming features. It has been com— pntad that thepublh ' worship of ancestors ' ooBts the empire £6,000,000 per annnm, and the private worship £24,000,000. In Chinese society the scholar is regarded next to the Emperor ; then comes the farmer, and after him the meohanio, and the trader. The ammement or decorative oatenr comes last in thel scale, in aooordanoe with the saying that ' the man who pays highly for a song will not give muoh for virtue.' Scholer- I ship, however, is scarcely such as we should designate by that name. Bat | Chinese literature is not destitute of fancy. For instance there is an old Chincs9 romance of vhioh Voltaire made use, and whioh has many teaderinga but one' moral. A doctor of Beason, meditating among the tombs, observed a young widow fan ning one of them. Sseing her in tears, the philosopher asked th 3 cans*. She replied: ' You see a widow at the tomb of berhusband He was most dear to ms. He loved me with tenderness. Afflioted with the idea of parting, his laet words were: ' My dearest wife, should you ever think of marrying again, I conjure you to wait at least until the plaster of my tomb be entirely dry,' Now,' said she, 1 as the walls are still damp, I thought I would help them to get dry.' The philosopher told his aiventure to his yoang and-beautiful wife, who dechred that shonld he die before I her she would never many again. The 1 philosothar puts her to the test by shamming deatb, and finds her cocsancy no greater than that of the woman hi had met amongst the tomhs. She, bsir g discovered, commits suicide, and he resolves nev. r to take another wife. 