MNRS. BIXBY'S PLAN. Mlrs. ilisby lived o rt iplearnt itr'et in a dscirable lors. ared. front oul .r;?lrtl uppr rulncer sta it WOtru? no be icr:ied, bet the truth tsoa. she bud it "s.:letou" itt tio fatluty nosetL. which during tlhe score of sears of htier 'edded life, srhe hnl guardtld ,o ,je:alously trhat not even ther nearest neighbour knew of its "exLtenuce. Calldour comlpels lre to say that it s not ithe by r e her i ihbut solely beenu-e her ht',bards ,silled it. Notv Mr. Iisbly, outside of his lhote, was t mrodel lntr, respeieted by is fitl ltw-citizclls. slts rI mleiber (r the cihret, andia tSrnldiubtli.seltssl learlier. Hle generally wore i smile. ,potet piler. siutly to a p Fssing frieni. wsir foil of children, ass every one suppotrsd irs uras tr happy Iunr. it was on ly in hi tame that hie rarer to runony Iis site, try bin atrIrnge drrestioii ut timres to that skeloton. nad the ocensaiors oil whichr lie brought it forth and rattlcl its bones wore of tlhe most trifling charac \- ter-a butto missiug, a mislnad paper. or breakfast fire minuutes late. wolhir ioftentimes drive him to hold r silent companionship with the unciuny thing for sweels together, until it reatly seem. ed to Mrs. Ixlhy tllat Ihe wotld forget the use of his tongue. inl Ilee presence altoeether. For the trst Ionathi of hier - marrlage tho had hbec patient. and thought his business troubled him: then later 'con chlded llis liver was not OF order, for which shte unde varioaus Ire of herbs, for his relief, and kindly peralnded himn to try, only to find her entreaties met with sullen silence. while her medicines were promptly pitched out of doorm . In vain lhnd she pleaded. reasoned, ind waept, trying to induce him to give up this strange companio., that mtade her Eo unhappy; hIe ignored atill her wishes, and clung to it the crloer, not even his favourite dishes, which shte cooked., nd of whirch he tte, woudi lure hinm anway. until lie himself wouhl weary of it for tile time. and conodescend too hie amiable mne monre. Somotimes. a tl?e da3"? wtoldd glidel by into wcekh, 3Mrs. Bixly would fonoly hope that her huslutal would forget. its very existence. Bult. alas! one mllorning the "closet door" had been open, and tihe skeleton was dragged forth writh nil its bonie., becautse Mr. Bixby had it grievance. It was t hoale in his tcket. ts hit iafnoroed '"Mrs. ilx?y," wloirf' hall been there one whole week, and he had sundry coints in his boot, nod lie sarcastically remarked that site probably wronltd ot care if liti pockethbook fell tlirttogl eventually. She vainldy tried to explain tltat it twas impossible for her to know the stuto of his pockets nall the time, and it was his duty its sole gunrdian of thema: to report to her when they neededl re pairs; and. tihinking of tihe iujustite of the charge, she added, tlhat thle loss of all his money Luade niio particular difference to her, as tshe was oLwever tl lonced anly. As unslnll ie retorted by ncconsing her of never caring for him, lr dloiog lnythiag lor his, COllmort. ifl forthwrit.h, he embrnteed hli fiirnorite framework, and rouchsafed no mlore words to her. Alier he left tite iotet. and ier mrnl iug'a work was done. Mrs. Itlixby scateol locrself in her low rockcr. deterined, itf ossible, to plhnt way to get rid lof ibis destrcaor of her diomestic peoce, or know the " rTrasu?oo wI. ilt. semel to ]ler tlhat she'hlal tried everytiint, but one, and that t?ns starvatio., hidch 'was rather o" paradoxical procccdiing; still a iman's heart t woi quite oftel sent ote near bis digestion, and so, having dluly provided supplies for Iereslt., lt case of a prolonged siege. she eellly twaited results;. 'er hroband'wna a opunoctual unlta. 0o, Whlen at the last stroke of twelvre tront the town clock he entered tihe door. the look of blank snrprise which he cast upon his wife, so busily reading, and th ul t otabt? tbl, was omusing; he cren lot his hatd upon tite store before lie could bholiore itwas cold. Could Mrs. :Bixby be ill? P hiere wrts too uootht colour- in tier face for Ilmt. "Well," le thoought. "she is tngar bccause I said a fetw wtosto tier this mnornint. i don't anre;: I will eat up oall the pie7'"' ,thich he promptly did, and departed without speaking. sture thalt lid wife would forgive as itn time past. and oave a warm supper for hut ait niight.l In ftoot act e camo ome earlier than usual, boot nans, the loouse wnt still cheerle?s: ino ,aLrory vianlds and ino fire. 1to twai glad to find it cold reim sant of ham and a. biscuit that was palst its youth. Still, Iheo lipb silre, tlnd held his skeleton nil the closer. His sleep was fitful. nod long before 'any 11e wos awako, ltnd wondering bow Icog one could live on bread and water. 1To entered n store on his way to lis obfto andt hought ai pound of biscuits. carolessly remarking loe would take them with him. but lie found they mnde to very poor substitute for the starmt rlls0 f?onranot coffee nld eggi ithl which hit tanle was o teI t covealed. :oe could not attend to his Iwork until he lIod done onome tlhinking, realising as hehad neverdoo ebeforelohornuch ol' his comfort he owed to Mrs. Bixby's looing care. Even now ds heand aiched, How .often she had bathed it for him, and -wheno he had the feverc, how' many nighti she trs sleepless tn "lhis sake. S Oh; how hungry ho felth Yes, ilis wife n. wo a good cook, rather better, he was sure, than his mother-of course he .. libod been ai tyrant; nll, if Mrs lixby S'?rold only forgive to.him, e wold show aher hoa. kind te could he. Why, hie just hated than grusomo thing tlhat '. had made her so unhappy. He felt so faint, Ite guesosed ie wnould go home; it was only ten, but, he would top at the innrket nuad got t eldieken d II bushel of sweet lotnatoe-yes, and n ' "?' en of oranges for Ilts wife, boecuso leto loved them so. Wiab s am wa oney to a otarringh mult, ollanyiay Olt, hir wifto ohou.cl see tlhat ohe trusted hert ?oi shoeIl bkro tfle ocehot-hook - it Scarry, and he wonld not hold hitsell a'espoosibht for tile holes in hier pocket Ilit short, he dil hll le ttounght hlie wroull and whihie his forgiring conmpanion pro. nracsl diot-r'. hae burired to skeleton 0so deep laid. not- reven ira ghost oever hauntedl tohem,. noid although he ate to o?och11 thaot la was ill, lie recovered through liher lavitg core, ani they lirved hapgpy for muiloy yIIsre: oand wtlen teia Trillago youths wsere wad evoryone would ray. "MoIlly "ollt li't be nh Jo yoot its tte Ilixby's." I)calhi tl tltote til he die is always stud ilro, I tho"e': who illoluttlr ii always Ilire. alinture, If thlcro be otglLht. Strpassing hIoum0u leedo or toetI thteglit iit n niot?otl1, li^. Y.3 tads 