THE NEW DIOCESE. PASTORAL LETTER BY BISHOP GOE. —Your affectionate servant in Christ, F. F. MELBOURNE. The following letter by Dr. Goe was read in the churches yesterday throughout the Diocese of Melbourne:- THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE SENDS GREETING to THE MEMBERS OF THE CHURCH IN HIS DIOCESE. Dear Brethren and listers in Christ, I add rota you with all earnestness touch ing tlie most important subject which has, called for the attention of Churchmen in; Victoria since tho formation of the Diocese of Ballarat twenty-five years ago. x„ot] me first remind you of the senti ments expressed by Bishop Ferry ami Arch der«;ou Stretch when tho Diocese of Bal larat was about to be formed* - At an in fluential Council, held at Ballarat, Arch deacon Stretch said;— 1 “I do not Hesitate to say that tho fruo and permanent inter ests of tho Cliurch in our land are bound up in the extension of tho Episcopate, and I am confident that tho appointment of a Bishop of Ballarat will do more for the general efficiency mid prosperity of ,thc Church .in this district, than any other stops which can bo taken," On another occasion Bishop Ferry &id;: —“I heartily join with you in tho .desire that I may live to see an extension of the Episcopate in the colony. It is my earnest wish that I may ;ee founded, not only a Bishopric of Bal larat, but of Sandhurst -also, and both held by men of God, full of the Holy Ghost and of power.” It is well known that Bishop Moorhouse earnestly advocated the forma tion of a third Diocese. It is now nearly nine years since Bishop Perry was gathered to his fathers. How would he have re joiced to learn that the Church Assembly, of which ho was the founder, had passed an act to create a new Diocese in the colony of Victoria, and to provide for the appoint ment of tho first Bishop thereof, and the maintenance of the See! And not only so, but tlie bdl was agreed to by a large ma jority of the Representatives (Clerical and Liiy) of the two Northern Archdeaconries. I desire to commend this project to your sympathy, your prayers, and your co- opera- I lion. The addresses delivered during tlie I Church Assembly in 1890, and in the pre rent year, must iiave satisfied every true Churchman ifiat tho Archdeaconries of Sandhurst and Beech worth need more con stant episcopal oversight than they receive at present. Confirmations ought to bo more frequent and confirmees more numerous. The Church in Bendigo, with its large popu lation, would bo greatly strengthened if there were a Bishop in residence there. A comparatively young and energetic Bishop, such as X trust ypn will obtain, would gather round him a band of zealous workers, both Clergy and Laymen, new life would bo infused into every department of Church activity, and spread throughout the new Diocese. On the other hand, the Bishop of Melbourne, relieved of so large a portion of his present Diocese, would be enabled to devote far more time to the Archdeacomy of Melbourne and Geelong, and that of Gippsland. Such being my views, I appeal for your generous aid in raising the needed fluids for tho endowment of the new See. AH of you can do somotliing, especially if, tho spirit of self-denial bo exercised. -Speck of it to your friends and neighbors as a work of God, and for the extension of His Kingdom in this colony. Whore circum stances allow of it, devotional meetings might bo hold at convenient centres from time to time, under tho direction of the minister, to intercede with God for His blessing upon the effort now to be put forth. Let every member of the Church in his oi lier own secret prayers bring this urgent matter before the throne of tlie heavenly grace. The hearts of all men are under God’s rule and govemace. He can incline the hearts to whom Ho has entrusted the silver and the gold to devise liberal things for the extension of His Church. You are doubtless aware that the ap pointment of the future Bishop of the new Diocese will rest with a Board of Electors. What love, what zeal, what devotion, what wisdom, will be needed by him who shall be chosen to the office of Bishop! Let me therefore entreat your prayers in behalf of the Board, that they may be guided to the choice of one who shall prove a faithful and true pastor of the flock of Christ One word, In conclusion, as to myself : As Bishop of the undivided Diocese, I have for the last thirteen years gone in and out among tho residents of the two Northern Archdeaconries, confirming, their cliiiclren, opening their churches, speaking at their public meetings, and performing such other acts as were suitable for the Bishop to exe cute. On these occasions Mrs. Goe and myself have always received unbounded kindness and hospitality. We have made many friends among both clergy and laity. Tlie thought of being no longer officially connected with so warm-hearted a people is painful. But I am fully persuaded that the best interests of. the Cliurch require that this severance should be made ; and I trust tluit my kind friends in the north will re gard it in the same light,- 