"LITERARY. KOTKS. traoM ouit speciai. coiirbsi'oxdkxt.i LONDON, 27th April. Few of the present- generation, 1. fear, know much more of Cowper's poetry than John Gilpin, The Loss of the Royal George, ' and several favorite hymns. But the ban! has. still ardent admirers amongst older folic, and these are gathered together at Olnov this week celebnitine liis centen- ary. On Wednesday came the .opening of the Cowper Museum in Cowper's house and tlie reading of papers on the good mail's sanity by Mr. Shorter, anil on liis work by Dr. .Robertson Xieolt. In the evening the Cowper hymns were sang at a special service anil Dean Farrar preached. 1 am IMiilistine enough myself to believe that the Cowper cult is a little bit of an affectation, and tluit Hie poet will live chiefly through "God moves in a mysterious way," and tlie afore said John Gilpin (of wliieh, when well illustrated, children never lire). Anyhow, Mr. Stead's edition of Cowper in tlie "Benny Poets" eiiniaius all even the avid reader could possibly want to know of his work. The announcement that the failure of that old established linn of publishers, Apple- tons, is largely due to heavy losses incurred through selling the "Hundred Best Books," &c.;, on the new instalment system, does not surprise me. I expect, indeed, some of Hie English newspapers carrying on this delect able game will be badly bitten before they've done. The "Encyclopaedia Britan- niea." and the "Century Dictionary" were safe experiments, as only responsible and presumably moneyed individuals could want such ponderous possessions. But the first 50 years of '.'Bunch" at a low price will tempt a far larger class, and the "Daily News" has sold several thousands of its edition of Dickens. The margin of profit in the lnttcr case certainly will not stand many bad debts. , The death of Robert Louis Stevenson's cousin, R. A. M. Stevenson, at the age of 53, deprives a large circle of friends of a' good fellow and a delightful companion. He w«s u uiuii oi iiriiiuint pans, wiio otignc to have made a far more striking mark in the- world than he did. When I met him first years ago lie was a painter. Then lie became art professor at Liverpool University, qiid finally settled down into art critic for the "Saturday Review" and "Bull Mall Gaz ette." The "Academy" alleges he was "the yomig man with tlie cream tarts of R.L.S.'s 'Suicide Club.' " 1 never heard this, but there can.- be no iloubt. lie's Spring-Heeled Jack in "Talk and Talkers," Here is the; passage from "Talk and Talkers" describing Spring-Heeled Jack: — , The very, -best talker, with me, is one whom I shall call Spring-lleeled Jack. I shy so, because 1 never knew any one who mingled so largely the possible ingredients of converse. In the Spanish proverb the fourth man necessary to compound a salad is a madman to mix it; Jack is that mad- "J111- I know not which is more remark- able: tlie insane lucidity of his conclusions, the humorous eloquence of bis language, or lns power.of method, bringing the whole of life into, the focus of the subject treated, mixing the conversational salad like a' drunken god. He doubles like tiie serpent, chanter, aud 'flashes like the shaken kaleidoscope, transmigrates bodily in-' to the' views of others, and so, in. tlie twinkling of an . eye, and with a heady rapture, turns questions, inside out and flings tlieni empty before you on the ground, like a triumphant conjuror. It is my common practice when a piece of conduct puzzles me to attack it in the pre sence or Jack with such grossness, such partiality, and such wearing iteration, as at length shall spur him up in its defence. Tn a moment .lie transmigrates, dons tlie rc- qmieil 'character, and with moonstruck- philosophy justifies the net iu question. 'I can fancy nothing to compare with tlie vim of these impersonations, the strange scale of language? flying from Shaksneare to Kant.' and from Kant to Major Dyngwell, As fust 115 tlie musician scatters sounds Out ot ail instrument— tlie sudden, sweeping generalisations, the absurd irrelevant particularities, the wit,- wisdom, folly, humor, eloqueiice vand pathos, - eaeh_ startling of its kind, and vet all lumin- .ous,in the admired disorder oft their combi nation. The success of Major/Arthur Griffiths' .rorus roily Limited has been sufficiently' great to induce John Macqueen to renub!i.-:i!t- li is clever detective story "Fast anil Loose.'" This novel lias a curious history. It was brought out by Chapman and 'Hall in 18S5, and at once recognised by reviewers as one of the best tales of. the Gaboriau . order in tlie language. "But somehow it failed to set tlie Thames afire. , Then the experiment was tried of ! boiling fihe. book down, knocking out' pretty well a third, and bringing it forth as a shilling "shocker." In this -form "Fast and Loose" had a lui'ge sale, hilt it wiis, iirmy opinion, spoilt. The ingenious bank, robbery, wliieh forms tlie ploti is founded on' fact, and the astute detective, Faske) was easily identified by those with Seotkind Yard at their fingers' ends. Tlie scenes' iu Portland ..Prison are. drawn from life, iliie author having himself been gover nor iff more than one penal settlement. The first of the numerous siege books threatened appears to-day. It is the. pri vate diary kept during the investment of Kim'befley by Dr. E. Oliver Ashe, of Kim- bcrley Hospital. Although :tbe military' operations are touched on by the. author, the book deals mainly with t..c social side of! tlie siege. It is entitled "Besieged by the Boers," and published by Messrs.. Hutchin son. ." "The Farringdons" is, as I recently told' you, a distinctly clever novel; still, if Miss Fowler were not the distingue daughter of ail ex- Oabinet Minister, J doubt if the papers would have enthused quite so exten sively about her book. Its chief blemish to me is its artificiality. None of tlie char acters seem' exactly real. Even Mrs. Bate- son and Mrs. Hankey are not drawn from life, but merely, types. An' interviewer, cross-examining tlie fair authoress, put some rather pertinent questions, commencing by identifying ".Silverliumpton" with .Wolver hampton. "Yes," confessed- Miss Fowler, "I have descrbed tlie country round Wolver hampton, anil Meinliire is' Staffordshire. My villagers talk with very little dialect, in spite of their country ways; but then the dialect in that part is not strong. Through- out my book I have only used two local -words, viz., 'wigs' and Toaded.'1 Sedge-, hill is a- real place, though 1 have altered its name somewhat.!' "I suppose you have' been. about a great deal amongst: the people, there? Surely, when you describe our vil lage worthies, Mrs. Bateson and Airs. Han- key. anil Hie tea party to tcl the new made 'porcine pies/ you were not entirely draw ing on your imagination?" "I am afraid 1 have not been about amongst those Stafford shire people very much," said Miss Fowler. "The .-characters ; you -mention lire almost, purely imaginary. Except Hie remark Ai rs. Bateson makes before, her pies have, passed the, baking :crisis, which' was /really made, slie is. absolutely without foundation in fact. I mean, .-when she says to her husband, be fore tlie anxious moment when tlie pies must be' put into the oven, 'Bateson, I've done my best .with them; and if only the Lord will be -with' -them in- the oven, -they'll be- the best batch of pies this side Jordan,-' slie,did not nieaii it ill the least irreverently. And All's, llankcy lias about as- little foun dation',' except that there again one of her remarks was really made. You will re member that she says, 'Now the weddings are over, Hie funerals will soon begin.' Yes,1', she' was one of those persons wiio are never happy unless tliey are unhappy." "But really," continued Aliss Fowler, "both Airs. Bateson -ami All's, llankey are very typical of Alethodism. All that I say in my -book, not only about the Fun- iugdons themselves, as educated Alethodists, but about the villagers, as typified by the Bate son family, -is perfectly true, and not'at all an exaggerated picture of Aletlioilism." "Alethodism actually of to-day,, or Alethod ism of ii generation ago?" "Oh, ivell,'' Aliss Fowler said, "Alethodism rather of some years ago than actually of to-day. And all I have said about their extreme rever ence and- occasional seeming irreverence is quite true to life. 1 .am talking now oi' Wesloyan Alethodism, and not of Noncon formists in general." The Kipling letters in the "Daily Alail" 'are good ' reading, mid, like his "i'leei -in lie, ng, " display the versatile writer as a »m.iik journalist. The young man who does lrtcrary.f'pars" for the Sunday "Sun," under the pseudonym of "Went worth Smce," says the great Riulyard suggested tlie navy scries to him. "As, however," lie says, "all my knowledge of the navy was limited to ship dances, I felt 'ilia: I had better let 'the navy 'alone. So Kipling did tlie article himself, with the. result that the . world was tiie richer by the 'Fleet in Being.' Another favorite subject of Kipling's was the possi bilities of what might happen to a nun in a London fog. The idea also struck Robert Burr very forcibly, and when I was lunching with him one day lie got so carried away by it as 'to plan « s'tory in which a highly respectable man who bated another highly respectable mail was to walk up behind number one in cite fog and percolate him with a liowio knife. Then 'the ghost of tlie murdered man was to dog the other in the fog and make him 'unkind 'to hisself.' I don't know whether tlie story was ever written. Barr probably forgot all about it. I bad the privilege of intimate fellowship with Robert Barr at one time, 'i.e., lie was the stately editor and 1 was the meek and lowly sub. When he was feeling 'just right' he would tell me dozens of plots for stories, and promptly forget all about them. I always jotted 'thorn down, and in a few days told tlieni to him as original. 'If you don'': mind, I think I could make some thing out of 'Hurt,' he would say. 'You're a wonderful chap for plots.' Then, of course, 1 owned up and gave bim his pro perty. There was one story -about a man who personated an African exnlorer, unil got on swimmingly un'til lie met- the real Simon Bnre's sweot lio.u't. That seemed to us both full of drama'tic possibilities; but L fancy that it is still unwritten." Air. Rider Haggard lias been unable to resist 'the 'temptation of another itrip 'to South Africa, and will repres'en't Bearson's new paper, 'the "Daily Express," at the frqirt. The "Express," it should be men tioned, will not belong to the Pearson com panies, huit.'to Air. Bearson himself. He is a tinning a pretty big risk as, bar tlie "Alail," none of the halfpenny dailies are doing. too well. Tlie "Leader" lias probably 'the lar gest sale. , Charles Williams does tlie War Notes, and bis views on current successes or catastrophes are better worth having than I linsp nf mnsit "militarv cvnci'I Apropos of war correspontlen'ts, it lias bedn discovered .by "Literature" that Sir William Howard Russell was not, as gene rally accepted, the first, of 'tlieni, but only 'the first to become famous. He lrad iUyo predecessors— -Charles' Lewis Grime'isen nnd Henry Crabb Robinson. Gruneisen "did" the Ciiriist avar of 1S37 for tlie "Alonvhig Rosit," aiid had wonderful' adventures. 'Crabb Robinson was sent by the "Times" to Corunna in 1803, bat' lie was a poor, spiritless creature, add fell far short of the modern military expert. "Of the ' merits or ' ' demerits of the retreat," he writes, "and tlie mbde in which -it 'was. conducted, I will not pre tend 'to speak.' Brofessiomrl skill and most exact ' local knowledge ' alone justifies an opinion." Such modesty is indecent. The announcement that old William Tinsley- is about to produce a book of per sonal recollections' reminds me of the period when "'J'insley Brothers" were a prime' power in tlie publishing world, and everybody read "Titisley's Alagazine." Wil liam Tinsley issued the 'early books of Aliss Braddou, Ouida, William Black, Justin Al'Cartliy, and numerous other well-known writers, and knew everybody of note in botli literary and theatrical circles. How his business canic to weaken, and why the" magazine disappeared, I really don't know. Cliatto and AVihdus . and others were, no doubt, powerful rivals, and Air. Tinsley failed to retain Black nnd Ouida during their -best days.' ' ' In the 'eourse of a kindly obituary par. regarding poor Charles Godfrey, the "Out look" says: — "Oil the music-hall stage lie occupied a' position similar to that of Air. Charles Warner in melodrama.- lie de lighted iif' sketches such as On' Guard and Aq'ross the Bridge) though lie never showed Air. Chevalier's ' delicacy of percep tion.1 1 In- these days of colonial fervor, it iiiuy' be as' well to recall that his Australian stihg, ' ' Old;' England' arid tlie New, created eiitliusittsiii midway in' the' eighties. He never was tlie same man after his" Aus- tralian tour, on which lie lost bis wife, and was himself dangerously ill. It litis been said that' the fatality of his life was that he could liever refuse anybody anything." Jerome K. Jerome's famous book, "Three Aleu in a Boat," lias found him many friends, who will weleonv the advent of his latest work, "Three Aren on the Bimimel," telling of the doings of the same three men; only, if possible, in. a more laughable way than ever, "The man in the street" may want to know where' or what is', the Buimnel. Perhaps the nearest Eng lish. equivalent to the word, which- is in common use among German students, is "mike." At any rate the' three men wander aimlessly over Europe on bicycles, and Air. Jerome may be trusted to avail himself of the advantages oilered for fun making. The book is illustrated by Air. Raven llill, who lias caught the spirit of the work, so that a glance tiirough the illustrations alone suf fices to make one laugh. Air. Fisher Unwin is publishing .the book, iu his Colonial Li brary. 