TO-DAY. Auctions.— R. Bnssell, tat stock 8 a.m. J. F. Htauch, furniture etc., Sadd's Lane, near Hallway Gales, 11 a.m. Amusements.— LimWIght Lecture on tbe War, No. 1 Methodist Church, 8 pan. Meetings.— ■ Farewell to Ensign McKay. Salva tion Army Barracks 8 p.m. Fish Protection Society and' Ang lers' Club, E. SUva'B, 8 p.m. The 'Cairns Aigus* has the honor of printing fhe first paper on a machine drivan bv any other tin man power. In Gains. A gas engine has been installed for the *Aigu«" Proprietary by Mr Prince, late of CJmrtere TnM, A smart, young storekeeper on a. station out Kynusa nay ton Herald') has jjos^Ji^filcTVm following wodsjagH^iRed op the iai the dining PM^MjppPK bachelot's quartern Tbetr J^llcation may be of aervfoe to other —Ojptatfy annoyed booV-kaepeTt:—"Notice HSentSemen are requested -to replaoe all Qevqapenv cte, on «de table. If left oil dinner-table wind curies tliem over the bor.'e paddock. necessitating forced marches in pursuit, and can tag remarks i which. considering the jnflammabte na ture of the grass. are highly dangerous.— Yours in order. B. Tidy.' To avoid bad language, never interrupt a man whilst [at his books, but wait until lis looks up." The Tloneurry Advocate? nays:—Qunm by and Granada are very badly off for <rraas and watar. CSonagh reports show ens since oar last issue and dot shearing Is progressing in a satisfactory manner. 80,000 sheep and 4000 cattle to be moved from Carandotta. towarfs the Gnlf for miss and water towards the middle of April. No rain at Ckwcinry during the past week and not the ghost of a sign of H. at preiemt Tins sort of thins Is more than monotonous. Good rains have fall cn at Walker's Bend, the crossing of the Flinders on the CJoacurry road to Nor mantan. The Bend, however. Is jmst the plaoe where rain was not needed, a!5 there has been Abundance of grass and water there for months past. Our Burketmra exchange of 16th Instant says:—"Country reports on the effect of the drought up to the prwent, choir that the pcd=pocfcs of a reasonably prosperous season, for ca*tDe are becoming very dubious, moot of the runs being described as twite <51 gra/« e* a bmod.' The "Part Douglas and Moeeman Gai etle* is responsible for ihe following yarn?—'A ftf=r days ago..a Hindoo weji tojhe MIH Company^ wharf at the Mo* man fiiver for the purpdhe of getting a bucket of water. ImmediafceCy be Sp eed the backer Into the stream an alii eator seized and crashes the utensil be tween Ms int. In terror the colored "nan ran and related bis experience to some Europeans, who, calling in thq •liofaHadanWi. made a Kg book «iQi the intention of catching the fauirian. Hie hook w attached to the aid of a. strong rope made fast to a tree, and with a lump of begf as bait wae (thrown Into Hie river at the wharf. When tie spot was viated next day. ft was found something very heavy was banging to the fine, but wfth a tbtag ptfl the object was drawn near tip river bank, when a huge alll gatoc's bead appealed above the «a-face of the water. Having no firearms, the alligator hunters let go the rope and boat ed. The alligator Is still mastdr of the situation, as although hooked to a rope Cast to a tree nobody has yet ventured to haul it in and dd^uttch it The "Cloncurry Advocate? says:—Mr J. H. Mbrpiwtt. a very old resident of this district, for some years manager of Fort Conrtantlne, and one of the whitest men who ever stepped <In fhoe leather, left, doncurry oc Saturday morning last for the south. Whether he will return wTJ depend on dramntaiues, Mr Moipheti has a number of interests in copper shows here, but be. like) others. recognises til at without a rail may to deep water such ■fliowe can never be worked to advantage. All who know Mr Morphett will, we feel sure, join us in thelhope thai he may won again be back in Cloncuny as one of the 'curled Darttugs of llame Fortune,' for we can 23 afford to lose men of bis stamp —generous, tcoad-minded. and In liberal sympathy with every movement for the advameemait of the commonweal. the Charters Towere Gymnasium and Athletic Club gave « most successful en tertainment at the School of Arts on Wed nesday night. The programme was var ied and interesting in the extreme. as ws» fully proved by the favorable reception eadi item gained from a crowded house. The gymnastic performances, club swing ing, and dumbell exerd* were performed by the members with a measure of pro- , ficiesicy which was a credit to instructor and pupils alike. The Club is evidently , growing in fevor. and such healthful eport j merits td the (success which it is gain ing. Bach later exhibition by the Club j shows increased skffl. and their entertain- | meats are becoming recognised aB an in stitution to be patronl:ed. Mr W. F. R. Boyce distinguished himself in a womI<?r-1 ful staitueeque feat of strength, and the ■ other members of thn Cltub performed , tixeir various feofs with ekiU and nmt sesai The musical portion of the pro gramme was also .atixadtive, among the contributors being Mr *W. SSke, whosa | pianoforte seleotiod; were highly appred- ■ ated, and Messrs T. Chamberlain, T. Rich mifl M. Smith, who rendered in a satis factory style several -meal items. Mr ' G. Adair, tie champion concertina player, rendered solos in his own Inimitable style. Anriherftem which also deserved mention was the <£erer juggling feats by Mr F. Hoffman, who although an amateur, could teach many In -the 'pro fession' more than a little of the delusive art. The evening wsi; passed most en joyaHy, and Should resuk In a welcome profit and addition to the funds of the CM). Between 2 and 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon (says the Towcsville "Star,") Mr Virty, a fisherman. together with one of his employees and Miss Ije<» (ot * Cap<» Cleveland) narrowly escaped drowning bf tie capsizing of a sailing boat named the Echo as she approach ed the eastern breakwater, the result of being struck by a naisty and unex pected bqmul. All th-.t-C were thrown into the water, but managed to cling to their null craft uatil assistance «rriv-" ed from the dredge Crocodile. Mr Holmes, the harbor board wharfinger, had noticed the occurrence from, the breakwater, and securing one of the dredev b.as and three volunteers, pull—• ' «d with, full speed to the assistance, of I the unfortunate trio. By the time, they arrived Miss Lee was somewhat exhausted. The three were taken on board the rescuing boat, and the Cue- - tome launch putting in an appearance sbo; Jy after warfs all were transferred to her, and the boats towed into the Gppck. Mr Holmes had had the pres ence of mind to notify the Customs of ficials -of the accident, hence the timely appearance of the Tel. The usual weekly meeting of the Qiar. tors To wen; Uteiary and Debating Soci ety vra* held <m Monday orening last, and Mr F. Brooks, Vioe-Prcsident, occapied the chair. Four nominations for mem bership were received. The Inter- Society Debate he.d lately was then discussed, and it was can&idmed; that five tpaikers on each aide were too many, as It un necessarily prolonged the debate. The , opinion was that three apoafcere to <*"**■ leida wvrald be arrcpSe in future. "rtiej I matter of forming parttel< for Pariiament ary debates resulted in Mr F. Brooks undertaking to lie the leader of the SR»rs teria£fo:R, and Mr B. M. HoMingaaorth | leader of the Opposition party. It was derided to only bare five mi-nhtcrfc with portfolios in order that as large a number of members as possible could b? at liberty to rota| either way. Hip. leader of (be Minlftcrwltew rtated that aext Monday M^pmtSnng was spent at impromptu Tptoking, every member present drawing ami speaking on a subject. The cian then adjournal tali mext Monday. J. F. Hinsch will offer a houseful of furniture and effects at 11 a.m. to-day, an the premises, Sadd's Lane; near -the Railway Gates. It is not quite dear how the Boers managed to interfere with the Bloemfon lt«i!n Water t-uppJv, but it really doesn'i matter, for the populace will continue to quench their thirst with Porter's Bulldog i Ale and Stout.* As will be seen by an advertise ment in this issue,' thp Charters Towers Swimming Club will hold & ~ grand swimming tournament in the Bonnie Dundee dam next Thursday afternoon. The programme, which has been drawn up should provide plenty of opportun I fty far every description of swimmer to gain renown, basjdes leading to plenty of amusement fcr the sp-ctatcre so toa. | there is no reason to fear the tourna ment will be anything but «n entire success. Bp an unfortunate inadvertency the plaoe from where the funeral of the late Mrs Sarah Titley was to move and the time, was omitted from the adver tisement appearing in our issue of Wed nesday. It is not true that the Duke of Teck, when he emerged from the Koornsprult disaster, had nothing on but a surprls ed look. As a matter of fact, he wpa wearing hiB London »nd American* Tailoring Company*# suit es usual.* E. Russell wilt bold his usual week ly fat stock sale at 8 o'clock this morning, when he will submit a large number o£ prime animals. An advertlaeibent appears in to-day's issue to the effect that a social dance will be given in the Bichmond H33 School towards the end of this month. This 1-: for the double purpose of formally open ing tha new schooE additions and a3«o as a revenue collector towards "wiping the slate clean' of the debt inclined by the new buildings. The annual general nwting of the Fish Protection Society md Anglers' Club will be held at £>• Sihra'e at B o'clock this evening. in our advertising coiumne It te an naooced that a magic lantern «nterbun munt wH take plaoe in the Na l Metho dist Church to-nigtat, on South Africa and the war. We understand that the Bev. W. Smith, while in the South, specially selected a number of pictures Illustiating life in South Africa, md the war. The entertainment should produce a good atteodaooe. A farewell to Ensign McKay will take place in the Salvation Army Bar racks this evening. Ai wiR be seen feom oar advertising column, the Baptists are holding ® public p'cnic to Soutliem Cross on Farter Moo day. By that time the country will be looking its best after the Gate niins. and no doubt large numbers will avail them selves of the oportunMy of peering an enjoyable day in the country. 