LUCKNOW. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT) Since your correspondent has been living here there has not been much talk about local " spooks" until the last week or ten days; but even the weather has had to take a back seat, and " Have you seen the ghost ?" or " Have you heard the ghost ?" are the questions which meet you day and night, on the street and in the home. It would appear that the spook made its appearance at a local gentleman's house the other night, at the orthodox hour of twelve. The signs and sounds which accompanied its coming are described by various people in various ways. One says it was like a " Rushing, mighty wind ; ' another, " Like a tree falling on a house ;" another, " Like a man hitting a wall with a bag of nails ;" and yet another, " Like a horse kicking the side out of a stable." Whatever the real nature of the sound may have been, that there was a free use of revolvers and tongues on Friday and Saturday nights, the residents of Lucknow can testify. Every precaution was taken to ascertain that no person was playing a practical jest on the household. The house was thoroughly searched ; portion of the roof removed, and part of the floor torn up, yet no ghost was seen. But it was evident the spook was going to make himself heard, and the crowd of people which stood outside spoke with bated breath amd huddled closer together. Eventually the family had to seek new quarters for sleeping purposes, though during the day the house is still inhabited. People still gather nightly to listen to the weird sounds, and speculate as to the cause. The present writer has assisted in unravelling several ghost stories, and in each instance came to the conclusion that ghosts are " bad spirits." Considering the unfavorable nature of the weather there was an excellent congregation at the Australian Church last Sunday even- ing to listen to an address on the " Crisis in China," by Rev. M Walker. The preacher said that " The wild war-flame that seems to be slowly fizzling out at the Cape, has burst forth nearer to our shores. What shall the end be ? Vultures hover around the sick and dying ; and, ere the life has fled, begin their horrible gorge. Around a seeming moribund China the nations have long been gathered, and now the finishing touch of death is being put on by " Christian (?) ' nations' hands. Like snarling and hungry wolves, it is to be feared that when that ancient empire has been torn asunder the " Powers" will fall upon one another. As a church striving to be Christian we must enter a protest against the methods hitherto adopted of " Christianis- ing (?)" China. We have been insulting the Chinese upon a subject on which men and women, and even nations, are generally very susceptible, viz., " religion." We have been sending young girls as missionaries to China, and thereby courting disaster and shame These youg women are not mentally equipped for such work. They have had no training in withstanding, when they go and tell the Hindu or the Brahmin, or the Confucian that their " religion" is altogether wrong, and only the " Christian" is right, and if they would be saved they must believe this or sign that, then they are only irritating the men they are trying to " save ;" and do, out of ignorance, a thousand times more harm than good. It is not to be wondered at that the Chinese resent such teaching, and the mistaken policy of enthusiastic and over- zealous missionary societies have much to answer for. Some centuries before Christ, Confucius uttered the " golden rule ' in negative form, and the Chinese have much that is good and true to guide them. It is the height of nonsense to ask reasoning beings to believe that the Spirit of God only illumined one small portion of the human family ; and that what we are pleased to call the " heathen" have no light or knowledge Read of the infamous conduct of so called " Christians" at the recent conflagrations at the Hoboken Dock, New York. Read of the recent revelations of filth aud crime in our own Australian cities, and then send men and women to live the Christ life in China ! I am pleased to say that Mr. Newman is sufficiently well to again take his departure for Sydney. May he return better than he left ! 