WAS.II A8PIBIT? I (Frank Leslie's 'Popular Monthly,' | . C-6.) i The late Senator Walters, of Virginia, while far from being a superstitious man, was beard on more than one occasion to say tbat be could not altogether disbe lieve in ghosts. He made no profession of faith in spectral apparitions, but, ac cording to bis own account, was with held from denial of them by the recol lection of a single very strange occur- j rence. I One' afternoon, in tbe autumn of 1S81. j he was iooking for deer in a lonely val ley within ten miles of tbe town of Pinck ney, Virginia, when he struck into a nar row road mudi overgrown with weeds and evidently unused for a king time After a bit be cane to a bouse Wtiicii i likewise showed signs of disrepair, hav- I ing been deprived even 'A its windows and doors — probably because those use ful articles had been deemed by some- ' body worth carrying away. On this ac count the dwell ing bad a singularly blank and wdxmiehke appears noe, and the Senator was rather surprised to see a man standing on the dilapidated porch in front. the man had bis hands in his pockets, and wore a pair of blue- jeans overalls, a | cbeck diirt, and no hat. His hair was | red. All of these points were distinctly j noted by the Senator, who paus-d and shouted a cheerful salutation. No re ply being elicited, he shouted again: but the person on the porch appeared to take not tbe slightest notice. It seemed very rude, but the Senator was anxious to get a bit of information as to game, and so lie approached the hoi=e through a gap in the miserable fence, the gate of which was absent. As he came near, however, the man in the check shirt and blue-jeans turned and walked slowly into the deserted dwelling, disappearing from view. 'Hello!' cried the Senator on mount ing the porch and arriving at the door way; but there was no response. Hi began to be indignant, and presentlv made up his mind to enter and hurt lip tbe man in the blue-jeans. This, indeed, seemed easy enough ; but to his great surprise nobody was to be found ; the bouse was absolutely empty. He sear ched it inside aod out, but the nun nas gone. There was no ceBar, and. the dwelling having only four rooms, a com plete inspection was not difficult. Nev ertheless. it was fruitless, and at length the Senator gave it op. Shouldering bis gun he struggled back to the wret ched road through the tall wee-Is that grew where once hod be?n a vrgetable garden ; hut before going on he claucsd back, and there again on the porch was the red-headed man in the cbeck shirt This was too much. 'I say'.'' crtl the Senator. 'What do you mean by running away -wben a gentleman wonts to tpcak with you?'' The znan made no reply. He- slill kept his hands in his pockets, and scorn ed to be looking in another direct i n. Naturally, this made Senator Waters | very angry. He walked again toward the house, which was only about thirty five yards distant, and again the per [ son in the blue-jeans turned in a lei f surety -»aj- and disappeared into the ruined dwelling. Once more the visitor rnterod, looked everywhere, and found nobody. Though reluctant to abandon the search, lie gave it up finajjv, return ing to the road. Then, as he looked back, be saw the man again on the porch, in the same attitude as before. By this 'time the Senator was hot with rage. 'HtUo!'' he shouted again. 'If you dou't answer me w ithin ten seconds I'll put ft dose of buckshot into you.' Still '.tlie man paid no attention, and, having counted the ten seconds, the Senator slowly raised his gun to his shoul der and fifed. He was a first-rate shot, [ and was certain that he could not have missed; yet the man stood there just as before, motionless, not even turning his bead. As may, be imagined the Scua'.or was thunders (rack. Hastily leaving the road, ho pnee more approached the bouse ; and as he did so the man in the oreralls turned in tho same leisurely manner as licfoxe and disappeared within the dwdlijDg. There was a considerable space of clearing all around the deserted resident®, and no opportunity what ever was afforded for hiding ; hence the amazement of Jlr. Walters when, for the third time, be searched the premises and. -discovered nobody. Extremely puz zled, and at the same time very angry, -ie at last resumed his journey. But, as before, he glanced back, and there was ?the persoit in the check shirt standing on the porcb, with bis hands in his poc kets, and looking as if nothing had oc curred. At itbis sU|ge of the proceedings, said the Senator in telling the story, he be came fr\glrt caeti. It seemed obvious to him that I something very much out of the oonuuon was at work. He made no further ;vt tempt at investigation on the spot ; but when' be got home he set on foot an inquiry into the history of tbe deserted: bouse, and learned tbat its for mer occupant and- owner had been a man namdd Clobnston, who was murdered in cold blood by alriendiwitli whom he bad » dispute. 