PROFESSOR PEPPER DOAD. TIHE ORIGINAL GIIOST-WALKER AND IRAIN-MAKER. Professor Pepper, of "Pepper's Ghost" fame has just died at Leytonstone, where he had recently been living. To the younger generation "Pepper's Ghost" is more a legend than a reallty,but thirty years ago It was as popular as the present blograph. As Mr John Itollings head said in last evening's "Pall Malt Gazette,' the death of the professor "car ries the memory to the days when the miscellaneous theatrical matinee had not been invented, and those curious variety shows of recreative science called Poly technic Institutions' were popular with the classes who were blewsed with mid day leisure without knowing exactly how to use it." It was in 1848 that John Henry Pepper. born in 1821, was appointed analytical chemist at the Royal Polytechnic It Regent street. For some years the ele inentary scientific lectures and shows satisfied the Polytechnic's patrons, but Professor Pepper began to find that some thing different was wanted, and he turned his attention to the "ghost" method of Il lusion, which a- civil engineer named Dlrcks brought to his notice. "Pepper told me that the Idea of 'Pep per's Ghost' came to him one day as he was walking out of St. James's Hall,. when some reflections from a mirror caught his notice," said Mr Mtaskelyne, of Egyptian Hall fame, to a "Daily tMail" re presentative yesterday. "But there is no doubt that he worked on Dlrck's idea, and developed the arrangement of mirrors and0 glass, which made 'Pepper's Ghost' cele brated. At first he WORKED WITH MIRRORS at the side of the stage, but Professor Sylvester, who Joined him, introduced the sma.,AnbgatN the footlights and the front glass 0o "tn ,.-,,ad that wan the method afterwards adopted" "For a long while audiences did not understand the 'myatery' of the ghost, but people lIke myself, who understood the use of mirrors, knew how the thing was done, althuogh that did not lessen our enjoy ment of a ghost performance. It was decidedly entertaining to see an apparent ly solid 'ghost' walk through another character on the stage. S"But the ghost had his day, and has not been much heard of in recent years. There is no doubt that Pepper made a lot of money out of the ghost, but he dlt? not die rich, Nearly twenty years ago he went to Australia to"'make rain' for the farmers, long before the American rain makers appeared, but it was not a suc cess. His idea was to cause rain to fall by means of aerial explosions, but he could not make rain fall where there was no rain up in the sky, and so he could do no thing in places where rain was most wanted. He afterwards became public analyst at Brisbane." Professor Pepper trouglht out succes sors to the "Ghost" In the "Sphinx" and the "Protean cabinet," but none succeed ed like the ghost, and "Pepper's Ghostl. will remain his chief claim to celebrity. 