PENOLA. From our own Correspondent. April 19. The monthly meeting of the Agricultural Bureau was held on Saturday, Present— Messrs. Stoney (Chairman), Miller, Ockley, Sandiford, T. H. Morris, Davis, Peake, J. T. Morris, MacBain, and one visitor. Samples of wheat-Majestic, Silver King, Ran jit, and Marshall's Hybrid-were reoaived from the Central Bureau, and distributed amongst members to experiment with. Mr. G. Jeffrey, wool expert, wrote, Btating terms for giving a Betica of lessons on wool olasBiog. It was decided that the secretary invite Mr. Jeffrey to deliver a lecture at Penola, when it was thought a olass would be formed. The Chair man tabled specimen apples and outtinga afflicted with some disease unknown to mem- bers.—It was decided that same be sent to Central Bureau. The March rainfall was 3.35 inohes; Coona warra, 3.47 inches. At last meeting of the management of the Institute it was deoided to aBk the polioe to abate the nuisanae caused by youug lads who nightly congregate round the door of the Institute, and indulge in smoking, spitting, and the UBO of anything but polite language. The Easter holidays passed off without exoitement. On Easter Monday the Anglioan Church (St. Mary's) conducted an entertain- ment on the show ground in aid of the school building fund. Unfortunately the weather was not propitious, but, notwithstanding, the attendance was fairly good. The prooeeds amounted to So. The cricket match, young maidens against young men, resulted in a win for the latter, who had piok handles for bats. A shooting gallary waB run during the day, and several races were run. Miss Tomoh, a lady visitor, worked most energetically on behalf of the cause, and caused much amuse ment by the ooBtume race whioh she carried out, and har aunt sally afforded both fun and nrofit. Various other amusements were mo vided, and those who attended appear to have had an enjoyable day. On Monday evening the Easter sooial on behalf of the Institute building fund was held in the Institute Hall. The social woa well attended, and at its close a dance was held at which about 30 couples attended. The pro ceeds amounted to about £13. The following programme was carried outOverture, Misses Rioketts and M. Plummer; song, "To the j front," MiBB Nash; glee, "See our oars," Penola Glee Club; song, " Where did you get that hat," Mr. Maley; pianoforte eolo, Miss Davidson; song, "Mother's little maiden," MiBa Ella Beaton; dance, Irish Jig, Mr. N. Black; soncr, " Adieu Marie," Miss C. Murton; tableau, "Little Mips Muffit"; "song, "The wishing cup," Miss E. Peake; piano BOIO, Miss Murton; song, " Sister Mary," Mr. Maley ; song, "The song that reaohed my heart," Mias Nellie Sharam; step dance, quartette, Messrs. R., N., and R. Black, and E. Plummer; song, "Say yes," Miss Nash; oomic operetta, "The family ghost," Messrs, H, Patterson and T. Railly and MiBa Peake; " God B»ve the Qaeen " by the company. 