Frank Parlceter's St ratagem P'' t cpxrzsrs vrrms issubj] 1 BX WM. RAYNOR. V [OOFTBIOHX.] ;OBAH Bairn er ?at in the par . lonr of her W father's honso l\ «t Smarts tono I \ in Yorkshire. I \ Bof&ro; hor waa I \ an open nowi I ' paper which V nad been de livercd by tho postman a few minute* pre viously. It waa tho Wurrywayo (Auatralia) llnrcury, and thero waa one paragraph whloh had been marked ln red ink, apparently to coll Notch's attontion to it. | DEATHS. HORNUABTIjH. — On Saturday, the 8th Sep tember, at Wurrywnyo, John Stuart Horn CMtlo, arted 22 years, ol dyeoatery, after an Illness ot only two days. Norah stared at tho paper with dry eyes, her lips drawn tightly togother with an ex pression of inward agony on her face. Then nature came to her reliof, and she sobbed pitooosly. ' Dead I' sho cried. ' Oh, my poor, poor Jaok 1 Tho light of my lifo Is blotted out.' And it seemed as if sho spoko truly. Instead of tho brisk, happy Norah of old, she became aa if by tho touch of a magician's wand a plodding, oaroworn young woman, going about hor work in hor father's house | without heart, and aimply aa a matter of duty ; and routine. 1 In one short day eho appeared to havo aged ' ton years. | Month's father was a grooer, but his trade waa not flourishing. Ho was a shopkeoper of the old school ; competition hud arisen wbioh ho could not copo with j and that, and 'an unfortunate tendenoy on his purt to drown his cares in tho oup that inebriates, had sent him on the downwurd path. By far his largest creditor was l'riink Parketer, a youug man of means who had succeeded to a gt-od I wholesale grocer's business ; and Frank had ! fallen hopelessly in love with Norah Balmer !— hopeleiwly, because her heart was already .'giYen to Jaok Hornoustle. Frank, however, . waa u persistent suitor, and had more than' once intimated to old Samuel Balmer that if he oould induco his daughter to accept him .he would wipe off aH Ijis debts and practically pension the old man off. i To do Mr. Balmdr justice, he had not, .hitherto, pressed Norah on tho subject. He : reapeoted »her love for Jack, aud now that i Jack waa dead, after allowing time for the first passionate grief to subrfdtv ho gently f)ut it to her whether she could not bring lerself to marry Frank Purkoter and save i her old father and herself fruin ruin, j s Norah did not care wbat bapi eucd to her, and Bho allowed hereolf to bo led liko a lamb i to the slaughter. I Frank Parkotcr'a and Norah'a tastes did ;not prove to bo in common. Fast, fond of u ? town lifo, and a little given to betting, he soon got tired of his handsome, quiet wlfo, . and, seeking thoso pleasures that were con ? fteuial to hiin, ho left her at liurae to care for ? their only child, u girl. Noruh. Mrs. Parketer passively submitted to his I neglect ; and whon, after six years of wedded I lifn. Iinp .l:„l f ? dissipation, leaving his affairs so involved that J she was thrown on the world almoet | ponniloss, she upplied hemelf with quiet : fortitudo to the task of earning bread for horaelf and hor daughter. As a mother sho loved her little Norah dovotcdly. though her lifo, so to speak, waa buried with Jack Horn oastle. |. ? £ J- Lfttte Noruh waa 41 little' no longer. Although only sixteen nho was tull, with a Bedote aud peiiHire exprawiou which jrave her on appearuDCO of beuug older than sbo really waa. I Mrs. Parketer had contrived to keep bcr daughter and herself by means of her ncedlo, but her sight had lately botm foiling, and ?tho dooror told her that who must uive her eyo«» a complete rent or she would very likely Ho blind. This seemed Impoiuiblo, hut jounjf Norah had set herself t« learn shorthand and j.typewritiiiy, and waa now trying hard to \ obtain a situatiou, ho as by her earnings to !' let her innthtr havo tho rest who required. . She annwered advertisement and eagerly watched tho postnmu ou his rounds, but di»ap|)oiiitinent had hitherto been her lot. ! At liwt, however, ono morning, thoro waa the Unusual but welcome 'rut- tat.' 'Mother, mother!' shocrlrd. 'I'vegota letter. I am to po aud see tho geutlcinan this moniing. It's at the ?Australian Wool Agency' in Moorguto street.' 44 1 pray God you may bo suocessful, my darling.' 'Oh, I am sure I shall get the place,' cried j Noruh hopefully.' I have a presentiment that I I shall.' i *' Ah, child, preseutiinonta, when they are of Kood fortune, are mostly thoughts bom of wwlies,' replied her mother. 'But let mo .look at the letter.' Noruh handed her a typewritten note. 'Mr. Homcastle wiU. bo glad if Him Parketer will ? cat! upon him to-morrow morning at eleven o'clock.' ' Honioustle !' murmured Mm. Parketer. *? How different it would all have been if poor Jaok had not died.' ' What did yoa say, mother P' naked Norah. 11 Nothing, my darling. I wax ouly think* ing. Tho name of Hnrncaxtlo reminded me of (tomeunu whom I knew year* ago. If the name gt.e« for anything in tho w of good Itiok,' nhe added. with a ghost of a smile, ??you ought to be nuccw- rtfiil.' Norah. mixinuH not to bo late, arrived ki Hoorgate utroet full ten minuteM too kk-u. Tho youth who wuh hi the offiro knew her errand. and rho idea of this tall, ladylike girl bmnff hU fellow-nlork was ouriou* to him. Ho re-wivod hor with a strango mixture of shy respect and familiarity. ??Mr. HornoaNtlo hasn't oomo yet, miss,' ho said. 4* It's not a market day, you know, and ho's never hero boforo elevou on ? off days ? ' 'Oh, thnnk you,' she answered timidly. *? I will wait.' 'Hero's a chair, mins,' said tho clerk, as h« shifted one towards her. 44 The guvnor's mire to be here at eleven. He's awfully punctual.' The ten rainutort soemcd au ago to Norah, but precisely as the clock in tho Bank of Knglnnd clanged out tho hour tho otfico door was thrown open, and a fine, broad shouldered, athletic-looking man of about forty years of ago, or perhaps a little more, walked in. He glunred at tho girl who was sitting in the railed-in spaco that did duty for a waiting-room, and, as he did mo, bis faco paUxl visibly and he stared at her so fixedly that she f-- lt quite confused. 44 Ah! You've callod in answer to my I unto, haven't youP' he said, as he noticed hor rising colour. 44 1 will *ee you almost immediately-- aa soon as I have opened my letters.' Tho letters wero few and unimportant that morning, and what there were were quickly thrown aside. But Mr. H»mcafltlo sat with his chin on his hand in deep thought. 44 Strange!' ho muttered. 44 1 selected her letter nut of htindrtxl* beeuuse of the name of Norah. ami who's the very image of my poor sweetheart. ** Then he renuml-'red that the 'iinago' was waiting, and he called for hor to be shown in 44 Take a neat, Miss I'arkoter,' bo said, as he artfully plaeed a chair where the light ' would full full upon her. 44 You can use the typewriter ?' ' bhe wui* nervous and trembling. ' 1 have learnt it, sir,' shereplicd. ,4But * J— I've uot had a situation ret.' 'I booJ? he said, smilingly. 'And the idea of Spnlying for ono flurried you a little. Well, now, suppose vou tako a note of a letter in shorthand and then typo it at tho | mnohtno, eo that I can seo how vou manago 1 it. Take your time now, nnd den't be too | anxious. I am quite willing to make all | allowances for you, ' ho added Kindly, j Thia big, strong gentleman was very nioo and roafcsuring, Norah thought, aud it gave | her courage. Sho took tho noto from his \- dictation and typed it absolutely without mistake. ?' That's famoualy Hunc,' ho said. And ho offered her a wauo which was considerably morq than sho had expected. ?? '3?ou can start to-morrow,' ho oontlnuod. 11 Bat boforo you go might I ask you a fow questions as to yoursolf P Norab crimsoncd as sho opened bor littlo satchel. 44 I qulto forgot, sir,' sho ansvrored. 44I havo a letter hero aq to tny eharuoter from our clergyman and. also ono from tho firm that motnor has worked for as to our respect ability.' '1 did not mean that,' ho replied, with a wave of th» hand. 41 1 uin'satisfied with you without anything of that sort. But you remind rap forcibly of eomcono clso. Whero were you bom P' Tbe abruptness of tho question startled her. 14 I—I was bom at Smurtstooo in York shire. air.* 'Very eitruordinury 1 Very cxtru ordiuarv I' ho exclaimed. 14 Havo you any one of the name of Balmer in your fftmily ?' ' My mother's mnidou namo was Baltner,' nhe said. ??It's strange/* ho cried. 'I thought that I knew every family iu SinartsUmo, and yet I only knew ono Balmer. Samuel Baln.cr, the grocer.' 44 He was my grandfather, sir. I recollcct him well. Ho aiod when I was six years old, just before my tfwn father died.' Mr. Horncastlo jumped from his chair and walked the room excitedly. 44 Is your mother's namo Norah, like yours P' bo asked. 'Yee, her name's Norah, sir.' 'Then I'vo been wjpkedly imported upon,' he cried. And, shouung to the youth in the offioc, he told him to fet^Lji cab immediately. Then he unlocked a safe and took a small packot of newspapers from u drawer. And in less than half an hour a cab oon tainiag Mr. Homcantle and the wondering Norah drove up to tho littlo bouse at High burjr^whero she and her mother lodgod. ,4^oclc I' And Mr. Homcnstio's ne^7*engaged lady clerk was astounded to see her employer selso her mothor, who started sobbing hysterically, und clasp her to his breaet. 44 1 cannot have you for a olerk, Norah,' paid Jack Homcastle, after he had heard her mother's story. ?? You must bo my daughter instead.' 'But, Jack!' criod Mrs. Parkotor. ,4I don't understand it. Your death was advor tised in tho paper.' 44 So was yours, my love,' he said. 14 1 havo the old copy of tlio Smartstono Chronicle in my pocket. Look!' And Mrs. Parketer and young Norah read tho advertisement of the former's death. 44 Yes, it*s in that paper,' said Mrs. Parkoter. 'But I can swear it wasn't the real Smurtstono C'runictz, because father took it every week, and — and it's absurd !' 44 Someone munt have falsified the papers both In Australia and in England,' said Juck. Some villain — £- ' 'Hush, Jack,' she said, trently, 41 It must huve been Frank. He's dead.' A»d so it proved. Jack met a man in Loudon soma tune afterwards who had been at Wurrywayo, and who knew a triutor in thorOewwpaDer office, a relative of Purketer's. On his deathbed this printer had coufessod to Jack's Informant that be had altered the hvoe. by arnyigeinent with Parkoter, after the regular oopios of tho paper had been printed, and had inserted a faLso uotico of Jack's death in it. ?'It seemed to haunt hlra in his dying hour,' said tho man. 44 He told me all about it, and mado me promise to try and undo any mischief that might havo beon j dono. But it was so long ago that I thought 1 I it better not to tako any notice.' j 44 But how about tho Smurtstono paporP' queried Jack. 44 Oh. of course, Parketer must havo played tho sume tnck there, too! He bribed some body in the offioo to strike off one false print. It would be easy enough If the paper wasn't r^reobyped.' 