SEVENTY TIMES SEVEN. By ADELINE SERGEANT, 'Author of "The Story of a Penitent Soul," "Jaeobi's Wife," "Eoger Vanbrough'a Wife," "The, Great Mill-street Mystery," "A_ Life Sentence," "Dr. Endicott's Ex periment," "A Rogue's Daughter," "The Luck of the House," "Casper Brooke's Daughter," "No Ambition," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement .with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XXXIII.-HIS PUNISH MENT. .Nothing, mora was. seen or heard' of ig nore downstairs that night. Baby was re ported to be a little better, and'.Cecil went to his room. But he could not sleep; lie .dozed for perhaps two minutes at a time, 'ithen awoke with, a violent start and lay awake, for the next .hour. At la-st he gavt up the. attempt. and wandered' about the ihouse like a ghost, going up several times to listen at the nursery door. As he.paused there far. the fifth time, to hear if Cissy s fretful moans continued, the door was softly but suddenly opened, and Lenore stood upon the threshold. She had heard some one moving and came to see who it (was. - "How. is baby?" Cecil ventured t,o . say, for ahA -waited silently, no change coming over the set calmness of her face. "A little quieter." ;. "May. I see her?!' , "I think-that you -had better not." Cecil shrank-, into himself at the cold, quiet -words and! turned away sighing heavily. . She -was -moved neither by his sigh nor by the pleading eyes: that o<nee had had such power over her. . She went back into the room an-d. closed , the door. .Cecil descended - the stairs and locked himself into his room until morning. s That Sunday was the most miserable day that he had ever known. Bab}", he heard, was -ill and -feverish; Leniore remained with her au-1 day; Cecil had not the lieart or courage to venture out of doors. _ Mrs. Ctadoner arrived. early in- the morning to help her granddaughter - and made a slight diversion for liirn by coming down .to lunch and dinner; -but she seemed mucn perplexed by the state of affairs, apd ijp sure whether she ought to condole with Ce cil- .upon the unfortunate accident or to regard lim as a monster of cruelty. Le nore :had; said nothing about -him, but one could easily see -that husband and wife were not on. good1 -terms. Mrs. Brendon and Gertrude appeared in the afternoon, veiry, anxious on Baby's account, but _ut-. itgiriy unconscious, of course, of any other source of discomfort or anxiety. "I can't -understand Max's story at all," Mrs. Brendan -began, seating herself on the sofa aiter the first greetings. He never gives one a clear account of things. Cissy . fell down, did she not?" -.' 1 "Yes, she fell," said Cecil, "but through my fault. I 'had1 pushed her away from me," and! she fell with her 'head against the corner of the oak chest in; the hall. "My dear Cecal, don't call it your fault," said) his mother." "How can anyone blame you for a mere accideirfclik'e trT*at. Surelj .Lenore has not -put it into your head ? '1 don't know what she .thinks about it,"' said Cecil, evading a direct answer. "I should like to see her. What does Dr. Ward say?" ' , "He seems to think the cut on her head as going on very well, 'but he cannot judge "whether her 'hip <was much hurt. Mrs. sChaloner is here; shall I send for her to come down?" ri!, "I would rather see Lenore. Can t you igo and ask her to come?" "She has scarcely left the nursery Siince ?Baby was ill; I do not like to trouble her unnecessarily," and Cecil rang the bell. His mother majestically addressed' the ?maid' who appeared. "Tell your mis tress I should like to see her for a few minutes." . ' The girl departed; Mrs. Brendon 'waited silently. Cecil moved' restlessly from place ?to place. "How anxious you muse -have been!( said Gertrude, noticing his pale looks. "I 'hope your poor little Cissy -will be better .now.. It was very unfortunate for you." ?Cecil's answer was an inarticulate^ sound between a. grunt and a groan. His eyes were fixed on the door; his heart palpi tated .-with the expectation of seeing his nrife again. " The door opened, 'but only to admi t JITS. Chaloner. T "Baby is asleep on Lenore s lap, she said', "and we don't like to disturb her; so will you kindly excuse her from coming down, dear 'Mrs. Brendon?" . "Can Ave not go upstairs?" said Mrs. ?Brendoai, with a1 -dissatjsfkkl air. "I should like to see how she is treated. I might be able to suggest something." "She is to be .kept very quiet, said Cecil. "Don't 'you' go up?" asked Gertrude in a bewildered tone. "Xo. I could do no good, and they don't want me." Mrs. Brendon became convinced _ that somebody-probably Leirore-was injuring and oppressing Cecil; 'but though she stay ed for an hour she coirld not get at the bottom of the matter. For two or three days the child seemed much 'better; but she lay wonderfully still wherever she was laid down, and disliked 'being handled. Dr. Ward lexamined her ?oaretully on the Wednesday _ and came to ?the conclusion that injury had been done to the hip-joint, and that sh® would have to 'be kept from walking for some time to come. He was obliged to force the little thing to put her foot to; the-ground, thus inflicting great pain; and Baby showed that her lungs at least were not injured by a terrible fit of screaming and shrieking, which brought Cecil in spite-of himself to .the nursery door. The examination was just'over, and the child was being tendenly held and com forted by her mother, when. Cecil was ad mitted by the nurse, Who hsad found him the picture of misery outsidecthe door. Dr. Ward had given his last directions and .turned at once to speak to the father, to whom he expounded his view; of the injury in a few kindly -words. Cecil'hardly heard; he was looking at his wife and child. When Lenore saw him she had started and turn ed half round as if to hide Baby from him: a nervous, involuntary movement, but one which deeply wounded her hus band. He came nearer, saying "Baby! Cissy! Don't you.; know papa?" It was not likely that the- child remem bered that her father had been the cause of her sufferings; probably the sight of any fresh, face would have excited her. She ibroke out again into piercing screams of fear or pain, hid her face on her mother's breast, and clung to her with.'1 both hands. "Go away,' 'said Lenore, scarcely glanc ing at'her husband. "Don't you see that she knows you too well?" The nurse had gone downstairs;' Dr. Ward only .remained tin the room. He looked sharply from Lenore to Cecil, from Cecil to Lenore, but 'both seemed to have forgotten his presence. "Lenore, I did not mean it.. I would not have 'hurt her for the world," he said en treatingly. She merely .repeated her words-"Go away! go away! Leave us alone," and seemed to 'become entirely absorbed in the child. . Cecil hesitated and retired slowly with a look of pain upon 'his face that the old doctor did not like to see. "Mrs. Brendon," he said gently, ap proaching 'her, "surely you do not attribuDe this accident to any intentional act upon your husband's part? I assure you a sim ple fall would produce all the injury I have noticed. Of course one must deeply de plore the fact that Mr. Brendon, by a 'hasty movement, caused, as one may say, ?the injury, but nobody is more grieved at it than himself. I hope you do not blame him." "I know. He did not mean it," said Lenore in a quiet matter-of-fact way. She was calm now. "My dear," said Dr. Ward, who often adopted quite a paternal manner towards her, "forgive my interference, but are you .treating him with the sympathy that he so evidently craves?" She was silent; he thought she was con sidering the question as she rocked Baby backwards and forwards, and stilled her 'half-quieted cries. 'Presently she said, in .the same quiet manner, to his utter asto nishment and partial dismay "Would not sea air be better for Baby ?than any other, Dr. Ward? I think com plete change-perhaps to some place in the south-would do us both good." Dr. Ward was taltep aback. He stam mered something, he knew not what, and then Lenore c.optjnued in her steady, gentle way- ' - "Searsfieid is too cold in the winter and the air is not pure. I ShoitLd be glad' if, when She is a little stronger, you would recommend us some pleasant place where we could' pass a few weeks agreeably." "I will think of it. Yes, the (little girl anight be 'better for a change," said the doctor, and then he went downstairs and encountered Cecil in the hall. "Ybu know, I suppose, tba't your wife wants to go to the seaside," he said abruptly, observant of .the young man's start and sudden change of color. "Torquay Would not be a bad pl'ace for the child; and ; Mrs. Brendon looks very fair from strong." "She (must decide for herself," replied j ^and facifejfchi _ Dr. Ward went -down in'to Searafield and there heard some of the 'reports current a'bout Ruby Eoslyn; after ivhich lie did not -wonder so much at what 'he tod seen and heard at Chalgrove. [To be continued from day to day till finished.] 