ANON BERESFORD'S TEARS AND THE FROPPED'UP BISHOP . to tub editor. Sir, — Of course, X don t moan literal tears; but, judging by tho report that has reached mo of a sermon whioh he preached a few -weeks elnco .in St John's, the Canon seems to havo said what ho had to say in the key of weeping. And whence 44 The old hen and her chickens," I wrote in this journal as follows: — "One has only to read two out of three of the Church papers published in this diooeso— 4 The Ohureh' NewB' (which is the official organ of the diocese) and 4 Tho Ohureh Messenger! (a bantling of whioh tho Rev R. O. N. Kelly Is tho father and tho .Rev Canon Beresford the wet nurse)— to eoc that It takes their onited energies to prop up a tottering man In. the farce-tragedy which he calls his episcopate."' Hence these tears. Sir, no ono, knows hotter than Canon Beresford bow true my words are. It is interesting to compare the Bishop's opinion of the OAnon and the Canon's opinion of tbo Bishop, each ox- pressed to myself, though, of course, at different times. Said the Bishop con cerning the Canon — " Ho jff the very best parish priest that I ever knew." Said the Canon concerning the Bishop — 41 The Bishop Is ' the worst preacher lu tho diocese. In never does to advertlso him for St John's. Aridholaa very bad judge of character. Besides, ho will play at being a vory strong mau in points where he is a vory weak man. Whitington ought to be blsnop. He is far and away the ablest man we have in the diocese." (I cannot tako affidavit that I' have rs-prn- duced the Canon's opinion verbatim et literatum, bat I can that I havo re-pro- produced it ad sensum). Another. Laun- oeston clergyman of the most 44 advanced" type said to me about the same time, "I wish Whitington was bishop." Apropos to the Bishop's judgment of oharaotor, another High Churchman told me that one of the highest dignitaries In tbo diocese, soon after having been preferred to his present dignity,' and that by the Bishop , expressed to himself (thesaid HighOhuroh- maD) the opiolon that the Bishop was no judge of character. One cannot but wish that Uanon Jierestord a reputation for sincerity wero as great ns his reputation for industry. A recent number of the 44 Examiner" contains, a cutting from the 44 Sydney Dally Telegraph," concerning Bishop Montgomery, which, as I road lb, I oonld not but think had been 44 In spired," If not actually written, by Canon Beresford, seoing that It contained the old, old things which 41 The Church Mes senger" has been poll-parroting about tho Bishop for years— about bis amicable re lations with the clergy, about- his donning his bluey, and about his statemansbip. A . word about eAch of these points. (1) It would be 'interesting to take the opinions oi all the olergy of the diocese ab to tho Bishop's sympathy and broad-mindedness —a matter strongly insisted on by Mr Roper in his original letter. I think that the resulb'would be that for I4 the clergy," we Btionld, with few exceptions, have to Bubailtute 44 the diocesan toadies." At Any rate, I know uf one of tho clergy who, seriously contemplating leaving the Church of England, wrote to a prominent Norn oonformist — "I sometimes think the Bishop is robbing mo of my belief In God, and 'leaving me only my belief in the devil." (2) Then, our newspaper artiolu informs us, tho Bishop sometimes dons his bluey. humpa bis swag, and goes on the wallaby track. So he does, and a precious theatriod how- do-do ho makea about It all who« ho coin oh rn write of 1 in 44 Tho Church M»'SH«-ng»rr," or 44 Chnroh Nowa." . Witness mt« ncci unt which Hie Lordship wrote of how he got off tne train abBurnte, got on tho coach and rodo to : Ulverstone, and then knocked at Mr de " Coetlogon's door. The Bishop aa a pedes trian I Why, old Bishop Selwyn did fifty times more of this kiu'd of work, And made fifty .times less fuss about. (3) As for the Bishop's statesmanship— well, oneo upon 1 time there was a man who tried to look like au eagle and succeedod In looking like an owl. How can a bishop bo on ecclesiastical statesman who has not taet enough to manage, say, tho 44 Sly Slander Department," or, shall wo say, the 41 Woman Spy Department ? " If Canon Borosfnrd hero holds up hands of outraged rectitude, let mo nidc him to toll your renders what ho knows of tho Bishop's statesmanship, aa illustrated by the Wyatt- Sister Charlotte affair. Again, how cau a bhhop be a statesman whoso diocoso is for over asking this question : " Who la ready bishop? Is it tho Bishop? Or is it " lly tho way, I don't know whfther tho clover mot of our wittiest dignitary lms ever found tts. way Into typo. " Give us a lecture on ArohblBhop Land," mid au admirer. 44 No," sml the Digni tary, 44 but if you liko, I will give vou a lecture on Arohblshop M d." Of coarse, for such a lecture, there could bo only one title — 41 Her Qraco, tho Arch bishop." .And, inasmuch as our wittiest dignitnry has all the artis-'s eyo for an unding, tho following might bring tho final peroration to its climax 11 There are too many Iloiy Ghosts in tho diooeao. Tho Bishop is Holy Ghost to tho olergy, the Archbishop is Holy Ghost to tho Bishop, and tho devil Is Holy Ghost to tho Aran- bishon. — I am. <&o.; PATRIOTIC CHURCHMAN. 