? Trelease the Kip o/ mon Christian Friends to enable them to publish any ¿Urmont Willy. Subscription secured by Mr, raga. Ure. SiehoUu, and Situ Hutt, U. fíttroy-plaee. JESUS PUTTING AWAY SIN. I I J (By the late Rev. C. H. SPURGEON.) "But now once in the end of the world hath He appeared to put away sin by the sacrifices! Himself." He. ix. 26. Belshazsar's knees knocked together, and the joints of his loins were loosened, when he saw the handwriting on the wall which declared his condemnation What we) would have filled his despairing spirit if suddenly that writing- had been blotted out, and another hand had written, "I have loved thee with an everlasting love" 1 Can you conceive the joy of that astonished monarch, the transport of that affrighted throng? Yet I have as good news to tell to the penitent as though such were their position, and such the act of pardoning mere). JOSUB has blotted out the handwriting which was against us, and written words of love concerning us He has been pleased to make the display of His grace to sinners an opportunity for the revelation of KIL HIS other attributes. IN THESE LAST DAYS," as one of the apostles words it in another place. Why was that time selected? Was it not in order to exercise the faith of ancient saints, who, like Abraham, saw Christ's day in vision-saw Him and were salads They were denied the great prm age which we possess. Prophets and kings desired it long, but died without the sight Nevertheless, over above the mausoleum of ancient saints we read this inscription, "These all died in faith." They rested in confidence in the Messiah that was to come, and their faith received its reward. Did not God place the putting away of sin at the close of the age in order to glorify His son, by letting us see that the very anticipation of His death was sufficient for the salvation of men The practical point I drive at is just this- "You and I live in a period when the putting away of sin has been perfectly accomplished. Beloved, sin is put away. We have not to exercise the faith of a loan, or an Isaac, or a David, in looking forward to the expiation as a blessing yet to come, but the testimony of the Holy Ghost is that Jesus hath once for all finished transgression, and made an end of sin and brought in everlasting righteousness. Jesus has been led like a lamb to the slaughter, the passover is slain the propitiation is made. It is a recorded fact that never can be blotted from the annals of time, that REDEMPTION 18 FINISHED. Bin is put away by the one great Sacrifice, and we may come to God, who is reconciled through the death of His Son, our Lord Jesus Christ. May I press this upon those of you who would come to God. but are afraid.-' Come back, poor prodigal, the heart of God towards you is that of a loving Father, thou needs not fear. Come back, there wanderer, however far thou mayst have gone. RECOLLECT WHO IT WAS THAT CAME to take away sin, that you may find solid and substantial ground for comfort, and may the Holy Spirit help you to stand upon it ! He who came to take away She did not come consent. He was appointed and delegated by God. He was not only so appointed and elected, but He was also qualified by God. The Spirit of the Lord was upon Him. He came in His Father's name, clothed with His Father's authority. "I do not Mine own will," said He but the will of Him that sent Me." He continually calls it He Father's work and business which He came to do. This ought to give us richest consolation. Jesus is no amateur Saviour, who has no right to appear as our representative He comes in a legal and proper manner. The King of kings hath appointed Him, and what He does He does in the name and by the authority of God. God hath sent His Son into the world. His death, though voluntary on His own part, was not without the consent and will of His Father. IT PLEASED THE FATHER TO BRUISE HIM He hath put Him to grief. Should we not, when God has set him forth as a propitiation far Bin-should we not accept whom God appoints? Attentively observe the constitution of HIS person. He who came to save men is no other than God, therefore capable of viewing Bin from God's point of view, capable of understanding what was due to God. By bracing HIS Godhead to His manhood He was capable, in His twofold nature, of sustaining pangs which humanity could not have endured apart from Godhead, and of receiving into His infinite mind a sight of Bill, and a horror concerning it, such as no finite mind ever could have endured You think you com- prehend sin My brethren, you cannot. It is an evil to monstrous for the human mind fully to know its heights and depths, its lengths and breadths but Christ, who is God incarnate, knew what sin meant And it behoved Him to suffer, j not because He was the Son of God, or the Son of Man, but because He was the Re- , deemer, the Sponsor, and the Surety of men. I "Now once in the end of the world hath He APPEARED TO PUT AWAY SIN." You will remember that when the high priest made atonement for sin, he took the basin filled with blood and passed within the well. No one saw him there; and while he stood before the mercy-seat and sprinkled the blood, no human eye beheld it-his typical work was a thing of mystery. But. my brethren, the great High Priest and Prophet of our profession has rent the veil and appeared openly, and the putting away of Bin by Him is a manifest thing, which can be seen by the understanding; nay, in some respects it was even seen by human eyes and heard by mortal ears. "In secret," said He "I did nothing." "I taught openly in your streets." , And not only were the incarnation of Christ, and His Deity, and His death, ! manifest things, but the way in which these things relate to the forgiveness of > sin is also clearly revealed to us. We ! tell you that there is a ground for your . trust which your reason may apprehend. | It is this That Jesus Christ stood in the room, place, and stead of sinners; that God visited Him with the stripes which were due to an. i I pray you, kick not against a Gospel so ' simple, so just to Goa, so safe to you. Yield to it, I pray you, yield note; and remember, if thou believest in the tip- ; pointed Saviour, thou art saved. If thou wilt trust myself now with Jesus Christ, He will not fail thee; He will cover thee with His righteousness, cleanse thee with His blood, protect thee by His power, and by-and-by enshrine thee in His glory. A matter which yields consolation is THE SACRIFICE ITSELF. "Once in the end of the world hath He appeared to put away somehow ? "By the sacrifice of Himself." Observe, brethren : Christ did not come into the world merely to put away sin by His example-His example is most blessed, and, if we follow it, it becomes a potent means of promoting virtue; JesUS did not come into the world merely to put away sin by His teaching although His teaching does do that wherever it is received, since in the strength of His doctrine men become mighty through His we are told in the text that He came to Spirit to overthrow their inbred sin ; but put away sin by sacrifice. "The blood of j steers Christ His Son cleanseth UB from all sin and nothing but the blood. It was that sacrifice, my brethren, which commenced in Gethsemane, when the bloody sweat bBdewed Him from head to a foot, when every portion of His body and every power of His soul was full of anguish and dismay; it was that sacrifice which was carried on in the hall of Pilate, before the judgment-seat of Caiaphas, at the bar of blustering Herod', a sacrifice which He offered when they scourged Him, when they plaited a crown of thorns, when they spat upon Him, when they smote Him with their fists and mocked him a sacrifice which culminated when He hung upon the cross in the extreme of thirst, and shrieked "My God, My God, why hast Thou forsaken Me?" O sinner, I desire that thou wouldst STAND AT THE FOOT OF THE CROSS. I and think of Jesus till thou canst find comfort! I believe the shortest way to faith is to consider well the object of faith. The true way to get comfort is not to try and comfort yourself away from the cross, but think of Christ dying for you till you are comforted; say unto your soul, "I will never remove from the cross until I am washed in His blood: You know the healing came to the sin-bitten by looking at the serpent-not by looking at their own wounds, nor yet by hearing about the cure of others; and even so healing will come to you not by looking at sin, nor hearing about Christ, so much us by fixing your mind's eye upon the cross and meditating upon Him who died thereon. I ask you to think of the thoroughness of the work which was contemplated. In the end of the world Christ was revealed to put away sin. He did not come into the world to palliate it merely, or to cover it up, but he came to put it away. We read in the Word of God sometimes that He cast it into the depths of the sea; that is glorious; nobody can ever find 'it again-in the shoreless depths of the sea Jesus drowned our SIDE. Again, we find , He removed it as far as the east is from the west. Who can measure that? So we can say, "Who shall say anything to the charge of God's elect ? It is God that juBtifieth. Who is he that condemneth ? It is Christ that died, yes, rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of, God, who also maketh intercession for us." 