THE J. D. HENNESSEY, Author of " Wynnum," "Jhc Dis-HonoraUe," "An Austrian Bush Track," • A Lost Identity," " The New-Cham Farmer," eta. etc. « (ill UIOHTS HESKEVED). CHAPTEE XIX. SETK B08IDIL1!'« ASBIST. It must not be thought that during all this time Detective Bruoe had overlooked Beth Boaedale'a possible connection with the mystBTT. Fernville Cottag® had been oarefuuy watched by two local oonBtablea in plain clothes; but until the strange story of Mrs. Dalbert's eingular appearance in the haunted chamber had *oached the e»ns of the detectives, there had been no positive crounds for making any Bpecial more m that quarter. A portion of Mr P.ruc-s business in Sydney had been to find out how far he was authorised to go in regard to Seth Bosedale, and now in the unexplained absence of Seymour he bent steps toward Fernville. The bowse in which Seth Bosedale had taken up his abode since Miss Ballantyne had inherited SearCliff Towers, was situated • „ Ui iiu: cemetery, ami overlooked loth the Towers and the Pacific. It stood completely isolated, and had originally been built for a summer residence by a city tradesman. Mr. Bruce found BWale quietly at work in his garden, and on being asked into the houBC he went to the point at once. , t, ^ „ " I am Detective Bruoe. of Sydney. Mr Bosedale bowed, as though the information gave him unexpected pleaeure. ••You know Mrs. Dalbert, of Leichhardt. I believe—a cousin of the late Eaymond Ballantyne, of Sea-Cliff Towere?" " Yos," said Mr. llosedale. «' She is proved to be ooncect-d with the mysterious disappearance at the Towers, said Krace, firing a shot light into the enemy's camp, as he thought. " You surprise me," said Roe dale, showing great interest in the detect ive'e conversation. Ho you kuow anything of hor recent movements?" said Bruce. "She called for half an"Btmr the day before yesterday," replied K^sedale; "but I have not saflti her 6iu •o." 'May I ask the nature of her businem ir'th you ?" said the d-teclive. " Certiinly, Bhe called to tell mc about ». hat she had road ;-f the d fiappearance o! Dr. Strong, and to talk over the affair. I nm of course deeply interestod in the matter, having been so long resident at the Towers daring the lifetime of the lat»- owner." " Are yoa aware that there is a subterranean vault or chamber below t e nor hem portion of the mansion, and that a remark able spring lift works from the fireplaoe asked Bruce. " No,'certainly not," said Bosedale. " There u. however," answered tbodetoa tive, " and Mrs. Dilbort knows of it, and the general opinion is that you know aboul it too. You are my prisoner, Mr. Bosedale.' The detective covered him with * revolver. m " You can put up the shooting iron, •aid the man quietly. " I ahall not attempt Co evade you or escape. I don't think, however, it will just now be worth your while to arrest me." " Why not ? " asked Bruce. " Because I am in a position to bargain with vou for the life of your fellow officer. Tf you arrest me, Seymour will be dead lefore you can render him any assistance. ;f you take me to the Towers, and promise lie one hour's immunity from arrest or pursuit, J will show yon the whole thing, md enable you to save Seymour's life." Tho detective looked at his prisoner as h« I nxiously turned the whole matter over in his mind. " Where is Mrs. Dalbert? " he asked. " In Sydney, I believe." " You had better como with me up to tht Towere." ® " Are you going to act upon my suggestion ? " asked Kosedale anxiously. *' I am not," said the detective decidadly. The two men looked at each other for a minute, and then Bruce stepped close i«p tv Kosedale. with a pair of handcuffs between bis fingers, one hand still holding ihd revolver. Before tho man well knew wr.at was transpiring Bruoe had handcuffed him. " Now," said the detective, " sit down for i moment, while 1 talk to you. First ot this is the warrant authorising me to % rest you ; " at this he showed him the I jcuineut upon which he had «o suddenly acted. •' I must now warn you," he oontinuod. ' that anything you may say can be used I gainst you at your trial. At the same .•one if you give me any information tvuil ,ril! save further sacrifice of life, u in lie case of Dutoctive Seymour, which you have referred to, it will lie to your advantage." " I know nothing whatever about it,' said Hosedale, suddenly changing hi» tactics. " Come now, don't make a fool of yourself, sir," said the detective. "You have just given yourself away completely by offering to show me the method of working the lift at the TowBrs, and by proffering to save the life of Detective Seymour if in danger. You know all about this matter and will probably have to stand your trial for murder, so you need not now come any of that tom-foolery."-- Seth Bosedale was about to reply, • scowl darkening bis face, when there came a peremptory rap upon the outer door, which was at onoe opened by the servant. " Mr. Roseiale in ? " " Yes sir, will you please wait- a moment," said the woman in an agitated tone of voice. " Has he any one with him P " asked the voiof, as its ownac pushed bis way into the house. Seth Hosedale looked at Detecti ro Bruoe, and the polioe officer looked at him. " You see I was only just in time," bo said, " that's Seymour." " Curse him," Raid Btsedale. A moment after Se> rnour stood with them in the room- "I see that I am -too late to make the arrest," he said,smiling at his follow-ofiioer, " but I have the ovidt-noe." " What is it? " asked '<mc®. " Murder/' replied Seymour. " Had we not better go on to the TOWMS," said Ilruce, who, a though greatly pleased at the turn in events, and also at the safety of his colleague, fo-t that h« was not exactly taking first plaoe in the affair. "No, I think that we had better get oui prisoner into a wfe place first, and sccure Mrs. Dalbert; besides it will be better t* give Dr. Strong and Miss Ballantyne toother day of quiet, before we hare any further investigations at the Towers." AJ they were comp eting Uiwr arrangements to oonvay Bosedale to the city, Seymour wrote a note to Miss Grace Strong, telling her tJjat tha principals the Towars mystorjr had beeo arrested, and that they need be undar no alarm during the detebtivw' abmae.- tfaat tbejr mifirht net anAfad there would be no farther annoyance to Hum oa -meetmnt of the Towtea mystory. HB sbowod tfef* litbr to Bruoe bsfm •ending it, hut the iatces- detntnrod. "How do 70ft kuowf" Lm ttkud, "than To fiaocut h fceqtuartaa IliUtdl ' wttteM^rairtiMMsil^'iM \- If there BtV' nid Seymour, they can not got acoera to tho caves, .for L have bolted andbarred the only entrance outside the houEo." The caves!" exclaimed Bruce. " Yes I nearly lost n>y life down there, and had as queer an adventure «a even a detective but seldom meets with, saia ^"BuTliow did you go down there, and how return?" aflked Bruoe aomerwhat ercitcdly. _ ., „ " Its a fairly long story," said Seymour, and there are one or two things I shou .d like to have further explained by Bosedale so I think the best plan will be to leave it we aw started to drive into Sydney «<• right«" said Bruce, but he felt a bit sore that his fellow detective should hare eo far got the better of him- "I can also tell you a few things whioh I have w oovared about Mrs Dalbturt." CHAPTEE iX. Drrr-CTiYK SEIWOUK'S STOBT. It was not un'il Sydney was reached, however, and Seth Bosedale was safely lodged in the gaol, that the detectives story was tuld. Seth llosedale had exhibited an entirely different demeanour after the appearance of Seymour. Ha evidently regretted the admission he had made to Bruoe, and in reply to any questions put to him by the detective® expressed himself aa personally entirely ignorant of anything connected with tho events which had transpired at the Towers. " We shall have to woure Mrs. Dalbert,** said Seymour. "Yes,"' replied Bruce, " wdence seems absolutely necessary to eocure a conviction against Bosedale; he is a clever scoundrel that; I never knew the trail of a crime to be mOre artfuUy covered over. l«tuB hear, however, of your adventure down below." " jt, wa6 my bull's-eye lantern that saved me down thore," said Seymour. _ " How came Dr. Strong to awape ? asked Bruce. " I don't know, unless by a xiiraole, or the timely interposition of a friendly hand. But it will be best for me to begin at the beginning, and then we can form our plans for future action." "I must have been asleep, when I descended into the underground room, ' continued Seymour. " I had been watching for something like six hours, and was afraid that I might dose :>ff, or that the lift might be eo quietly worked that in the dark I might be unaware of it; so 1 lay down upon the lift with my head on a cushion just in the position in which they found the doctor " " I am inclined to think that the enshion was tampered with in some way, either drugged, or made of hops, or something put°upon it to induce sleep, for I can acoount for it in no other way." •• Oh: yon were clean done up, and when you put your head on the pillow what was more natural than that you should go to sleep," said Bruce. " WeU, we won't discuss that," replied Seymour, "although I am not sure myBelf that I ever slept, for that life had been constructed by a mechanical genius, and works perfectly smoothly and without noiee of any kind. I may have been lying there for an hour or two when I started to consciousness. I felt that there was a change in the atmosphere, and was conscious of a light draught which I had not notioed in the room before. My lantern was coveted, but was still alight, so I turned it up and uncovered it. You may guess that I got a start. " I was still lying upon the fireplace, but instead of being in the bedroom I could Bee a kind of shaft or well above me and around there was a large underground cave or chamber. I sat up at once and drew piy revolver, for within a few yards of me Bat a stout man fastened in a chair, seemingly asleep. I looked at him again. The face was partly turned away from me; but my blood almost ran oold. It was the corpse or ghost of Raymond Ballantyne. " I jumped up and stepped cautiously on to the floor, and with my bulls-eye took a good look at the apparition, to be quite sure that my senses were not deceiving mej then I threw the light cautiously into other parts of tha {dace; but a moment afterward I got another shock, for turning round I found that the lift, relieved of my weight, was steadily ascending to its former position In fact it was too high up for me then to catch hold of it, and a minute afterward had passed up the well to to its place in the bedroom. '"For a few minutes I felt myself regularly trapped; but I was most apprehensive as to who might be with me in tha vault in addition to the corpse of old Mr. Ballantyne. " I could hear nothing except a queer rumbling and Booking sort of sound, such as might have oome down a long passage leading to the ocean. Ton may imagine lhat I -as in a queer st^te ot mm", liui to mention J<ow I f»4t in my body. I turned., the lantern upon the floor itt my feet, it was fairly smooth and a bit gravel'v. then I threw it behind me and saw a table and chair, and then a OOUCIL, and lamp upon ivmc shelving lot into the wnlL i saw now far the tii ft tiiua that the place was a cave, which liad been artificially enlarged. The lift had evidently been constructed at the farthest end of it, in Lhe direction of the land. Having discovered this much I felt a faintness coming over me, and walked over toward the chair and table to sit down, when my oye fell upon a bottle of whisky, and a laj-ge jug, and a tin/with biscuits. The jug by good luck had water in it, and I made myself a stiff tumbler of the whisky and water, and helped myself from the t® of bisouits. I had had nothing since > he afternoon of the previous day, ana I can tell you the refreshment was most acceptable. " 1 shall never forget how I sat the^e and th ought orer the situation. I had matches about me, so I blew out the lantern, partly to eave the light, and partly to prevent myself from beooming a target for an enemy's pistol. I munched tha biscuits in the dark, Mid waushed for the appearanoa of someone. "I concluded that someone had lowered the lift down, and that someone must hava seen me. Why had I-feeen allowed to escape? I thought. Foe about half an hour I sat there in painful suspense, peering into the darkness, with my fingw on thotfigger d the revolver. There was no sound, however, so I presently lit my lantern again to more oaref ully examine my surroundings and me if I ooold find out anything «bou& Mr. Septimua Dorset. I had nofear foe myself eo long as i ir«a match for any violenoe I might meet with tbetv, for I felt sure that yoa wpold biok shortly and tb* if l«Htfa on* by any otfa» weiws I oonldknake 7*m bm* me by shouting. But *»»«%*%» the ekanoe that I might find out bow to work U»e lift from below, or might discover sotqelSMtai of exit into the ground* or«» to the wifc* Ijookinir »t my watdh I fonnd that U WJW jutt four o'clock, *p I took oct roy «0t» and made a memo- of what had nap- Mud, in ease I should. meet with tt juuidtfit ittfore getting oot again. - .*- ttus ooraor of the place X found on to be arranged with _ itiia*^ *Mna onk bad JTNFITE^ OR engaged in BOO* Xhbm*ac*rag6utii* tatbefthfilf 1»4 roceeded to Inrestqrf* in other direol o u eertaudy ^ » ^ n Bl l wish th*t 1 had been with you, S a f l y favourably impressed anduiter- "SlLo-r clmckled to hlmstf. "JJ*™* n o S BtiooeedBlikB Bucoess " he thought M looted i ^ t o h i * " I went over and had a good IOOK » » oorpse of tie late proprietor of tfce Tow«£ Jdwhen you Bee T™ me that it iB a ghastly "P® 0 *** 8 : has evidently been preserved m some for it has a mummy-like appearance, but why it haa been done which l ean suggest ™ p » asked "Did Bruoe. you examina the body cloeeiyr "aamefching "No," replied Seymour happened shortly after which " ^ J e d the advisability of another wuree of action but as far as I could see by a casual examination there w,s no sign of violent Xut the face or Th» ha-*- resuog upon tt>» snees, ana tne whola S . iTmngnlaxly n ^ ^ l ^ " though death might have overtaken him when he was asleep. I that the plane has a queer saltmh raiell. \- Any email of drags or preservaUvas, or disinfectants ? " suggested Bruoe. •'No but the freshness of the plaoe was Wrtly explained to me afterwards. There ire really three large cavee, probably limestone, and a long passage or a swies of smaller caves, with an opening right out on the cliff, but which can only be used at low tide. It must have been high water at about five or six o'clock this morning, you will leaxn why I say this later on. As Boon as 1 had taken in the surroundings of the first cave, I oommenoed to examine that to the left, which is several feet lower. There were plenty of feet marra here, but except a case or two, whioh may have contained spirits at one tame, there WM noth- ing of importance to be seen. While in there, however, I was suddenly startled by hearing one of the most weird and awful •ounds imaginable, and then there came a preat rush of wind which nearly extinguished the lamp I was carrying. I vputed and listened for several minutes, and then it was repeated. It was simply awful, and with that dead man in the next place, and the oonaciou ness that Mr. Dorset's body was likely enough somewhere down there too. I can toll yon it was by w maans a cheerful situation. I must have be^u a fall hour in that place protecting the lamp no that it should not be blown out, and that infernal racket going on all the time. " I thought of every possible natural explanation; but it was of no use, and that hour in the inner cavo was about the worst i . v rememb i Ki.euduiE in mv life ' "Well, man, what was it?" said Bruoe. at last, somewhat impatiently. »in tell you in a minute," said Seymour, evidently enjoying his senior's excited state of mind. 7 " After a while I went cautiously out and passed by the big cave into a third and smaller one, which 1 judged led in the direction of the sea. I hal to climb down in some places, as the descent was quite steep, almost like stairs, it was more like a passage, and I went along shading the light very cautiously when all at once f heard the same shrieking Bound right in front of me, and a g>ist of salt air rushing past me extinguished the lamp, but before it did so I Baw a » hit.- ghostly object right in front of me. You'll thinV me foolish haps, but just as the light went out I my revolver utr&ight; at it. '• The dartnoBS for a few minutes was intense, and then H S. -t of phosphorescent light confronted me, and the sitme wild whistling scream began. I tell you it made me sweat, bnt 1 laughed mw for I had gxieased what it -ft n« ; it was high tide and there was a blowhole connected with the sea iu the passage in front of me. 0 It evidently only acted curing rough weather and at high tide. I had, therefore, no alternative but to go back and wait for an hour or 60 for the tide to go down a bit, before following up my investigations in that direction." "Bnt,"nid Brucn, "did you find »ny trace of Dorset ? ' *' Ho, but I have a good idea where his remains will b»» found." said Seymour. " Where ? " asked Bruce. "At the bottom of the blow-hole," said ' Seymour."' | " Nonsense; if he had fallen down there, • his body would have been sucked into the j ocean as the tide receded," replied Bruce. J "I don't know so much about that," said I Seymour. " Alf right, but for heaven's sake don't commence to argue the case or there will be no end to it. You ought to have been a lawyer." % When Bruce said a thing of this sort the implied compliment always carried a sour taste with it. " How did you get out of the trap f" he continued. " I went back, as I told you, and carefully set about examining the mechanism of the lift arrangement," said Seymour, not taking any notioe of his senior's gibe. " I found this to be a most curious piece of work, constructed with singular skill, and worked by hydraulic pressure, through a seeming storage of force obtained by the pressure of the water in the blow-hole passage. It was some time before I could discover the means of putting the lift in motion, but I did so at last—at least 1 found out how to work it from below; the upstairs portion is another matter, which I have not yet got the clue to. " X was relieved, however, on finding out that I could move the lift at will from below. It was now about six o'clock, and being anxious to find out what acoess there was to the place from the passage, I turned down in the direction of the blowhole to make a further investigation. The tide had, by this time, evidently reoeded, for over an hour had elapsed sinoe there had been any unusual sound in that direction. It seems to me that there must be a certain pressure on the hlow-hole before the thing will work at all, for its ! stoppage Beamed quite sudden, as far as t the extraordinary noise which it made j ""went. " I made my way through the caves with ; extra care this time, keeping the light of I the lamp upon the path in front of me. I soon came to the shaft. It is a jagged, ir- I regular opening in the floor of the cave, over three feet in diameter. The sides were slippery and wet with the spray j from the last working of the blow-hole, and : encrusted with salt from the action of the i sea-water.'' " I had no means of guaging its depth or circumference below, except by throwing a few pieoee of loose rock down. Tee depth : is certainly notIOBS than twenty or thirty j feet, however, and ma/ be a good deal | more. " Anyone going along there without a 1 light would certainly fall into it, and as I found no sign of Septimus Dorset's remains, j it seems to me that he was either murdered and thrown in there, or was left below in the dark, and, groping about to get out. fell in and so met with his de«th." j " You found no weapon about there with ! which a murder might hare been com- j mitted r" suggested Bruce. "' No, positively nothing. Except for the j body of Raymond Ballantyne there's nothing to indicate murder there at all." | "Oh! there's beota Warder all rights" •aid Bruce. " Mrs. Dalbert and Soaedate both knew of the plsoe, and made use ot the eecret entrance to the Towers; thrn ^rliy should the body of Mr. Ballantyne be fporeted ihere except that there has been ^jmodprf" #Kf> doubt about the mime, but how •ve wfe to sheet it home to the criminal P That's the question," said Seymour. ) " However, I hav« no doubt that there is plenty wort to find oat down there, and Vn EhaH-baJMs to thoroughly onshanl tha whotefelftt*. i way ta?that it is • ooupS* «f Imttdmd yards ataftg * fairly straight ' tsefes of «a*st : and titiin to tfee cocks which overlook tho J?Mfiae «0Mt. It aa dosed in with » audi Hoc* of «oltcl *ock, which is as orafewapwCBcltrtfmsisBdMMarj as I ever saw. Access to tbe plaos can Please send the mtuuger, the jbiuimk* the name of any person residing in yp^r vicinity who does not subscribe to' tfee TflftlrFTj and who, you thiuk, could b6 tOt^eit, only be obtained with safety at h)* »«ter, and the doorway from the ooest fastens upon the inside. I made everything eecure and til&n; came back, and got into the Towers by the lift, and at onoe made my way up to Fernville to see if I could secpre Roeedala . By tho way, however, what wit vou have found out about Mrs. Dalbert "Enough, I think, to secure a conviction, both in her caso and in that of Seth Bosedale," replied Bruce. " She evidently got a bit afraid of the look of things, and left her rooms at LeichhArdt quite suddenly end unexpectedly, and without leaving any address, but, by some Occident, she has left a hand-bag behind her with a number cf letters in it, which I think may incriminate both herself and Bosedale. *' What do you intend to do to- morrow at the Polioe Court asked Seymour. " Why gat a remand of course, and then go out to Sea Cliff, and recover the body of Raymond Ballantyne," faid Bruoe. "•By George!" WEclfiimedSeymour.every pui<se ui his body tingling with gratiu~pride, "won't there be a Bensation wheat *b» particulars ars published." (To b^ Continued) 