cj.- ib#0,rm7 . (ALL RICHTS RESERVED.] What Gold Cannot Buy. CIIA?nFER Xi .- CONTINUED. "I hope you may, and I believe you will be. llere is the carriage. Let us go In. I saltli,,:: Mr. Sat\ite Is ready. Nothinlg p)rovet to me his tnotLIter s complete rest?t'llhon so much as her Ppecrh t aboutt hint. 'Let hil go taway with you, Mr. Itaws-nt,' she said; 'If he travels about withlli us he will only be an Oiditinal retsponatlltitiy to Mlisu Desmond. Iticharitr is incapable of tak Ing catre of htitt;elf.' Silt 1s lmarvel lonsly toned downi by suffering and sympathy; Ibut wte attnnott expect tile Ethliopatn to changtut his steln, nor the' , teenu.ll his sl.tat altogether', though" one mayIn becotle tt hade lighter and the other hlave fewer mnarks." It was with a thankful heart that Hope Desmond fiond herself and her charge safely htoused In the Stafford Square mansion. Mrs. Sitville bore the journey well-indeed, I etter than her companion, whose pate cheeks and heavy eyes bespoke mental and physl cal exlhustion. Mrs. Savillle's usual medical attend ant, or rather the medical attendant of the household, for the wirywoman scarcely. knew" what Indisposition meant,, awaited her arrival and no ticed ?tlss Desmond's looks. t'If I might offer advice unasked, I :: would recommend a tonic and- some days': complete repose to this young lady," said the.polite practitioner. "It seems tot me that her nervous system Is somewhat overstrained.," ".She shall do as you direct," return ed Mrs. Saville, with her .usual. decis Ion.:- "Iwill look to her myself. She . has braved horrible Infection for me, '.and has had a large.. share_in saving, my life; therefore I value hers beyond everyone's except of course-my sons' Yes, you look frightfully 11l, Hope. I canndt have this."' "Perhaps If I went to Mtlss Rawson for a few days," said Hope, with hesl tatlon, "I might gather strength soon er, Here I shall always want to be up and about." "You' shall be nursed in no other house than this; so, doctor, send In your prescription soon. As for me, I * want nothing but'good food and oc cupation.' "You are indeed marvellously well and strong, considering what an ill ness you have gone through. We have now every reason to hope that you will be spared to your family and friends for many years." "Much my family and friends care about that special mercy," returned Mrs, Saville, with one of her, ronical smiles. -"Good morning, doctor." And the doctor bowed himself out. "Thank God, he Is gone; I am dying to read my letters," cried Mrs. Saville. "Here Is a thick one from Mr. Raw ?i don." 'She opened It, and then, grow ing rather white, exclaimed, "Why, it encloses one from Ilught" Thlls. she read eagerly, and then reperused It. "Ah, If I could believe lie cares for me." she said, at length. "The letter Is like himself, tender yet obstinate. He will be there nlearly as soon as this," she went on, her small, thin fingers closing tightly on the paper. * "He Implores-me to let him see his mother's face once more-the mother he has been so near losing. Rawson has evidently told him of my Illness. HeX confesses I had a right to be angry: but reiterates his conviction that lie has done well and wisely in securing the sweetest wife man,could have." "You will see him, dear Mrs 'Sa ville ?" cried Hope, with white, parch ed lips. "You were so good as to think I was of use to you; if you would amp ly repay me, see your son-let him plead for lls wife. They are married, you cannot separate them, and If she Is a true woman It will break her heart to know that site has parted mother ' and son. It Is in our power to confer S uitch happiness." "I will receive my son. As to' his wIle, I cannot say what I shall do. I gave Rawson directions to have her watched; it was a shabby thing to do; but I did It. He - ins - had her clcutely shadowed, but she has been absolutely well conducted. Still, If It is In my power to confer much happl ness It was in hers to create much mltry, and she did it t Why, Hope, what Is the matter ? Are you III ?" hlope fell back In her, chair so deadly white and motionless. that Mrs. Saville was terror- struck. She raihg vloleitly, and rushing to the fainting girl, began to rub her cold hands. "Bring' water, wine i send Ilessop I call back the doctor !" she cried, In great agitation, to the natonished but ler, who had never before seen hils Im perious mistress so moved. "The doctor has just driven off, 'm; but I will send Jessop.' Soon thelady's-maid, the butler, and the housekeeper were trying to bring "CALL lACK TrM DOCOTORI" SMiss Desmond back to life. When she did open her eyes they sought Mirs. 8aville's; she smiled and feeby put out her hand. "Now she must go to bed," said Mrs. Saville, holding the offered hand 'n both of her own. "She had better be carried up-stairs," "I can walk quite well; at least in a few minutes," she murmured Hope, "Jessop will lhell me." Thus Hope was relegnated to her own room, where Mrs. Saville Insisted she must remain all tile next day. WVon durful to relate, that lady slpent most of it at her edside,. reading or knit ting. Neither sltoke mulch, et they had acertaln comfort In tie conpanion ship, Mtis Itawsoii citdo', iand was admitted durinil Mrs. Haville's abIeceI , When eho wIent rur i sHlo rt aIlring which she colsldered ?eaenilal for her own ilealth. To her -llilee explained that ilhe ?ius fto the plres.tnt refuse her hospictlltl le h1itllutlon. 'Ilhe they talkied long and conlldenltially, and MisPs awson took charge of a couple of letthrs when she bade her young friend hood-bye. It was theln t tabliled that Miss Decmond was not to appe.l till I nllluh ccli Itllue, Mis. Saville being content to r iad tile plapers heilself. iThe l de tor was not quite satislied; his yuln? ptsient did not recover vretl tllh o tole; shle \twas tdepre'Isste ndnill nt,.t'UnlS, ltelnse from foond, sbti.lers. Sorne cllnpllete ci;hn e to a ellrllcing plile nm:ghl be neresseaery. ilrs. Satillt.', who was deeply conlcerne'lld, wenllt eagerly Into tthe questin of l)c?alitli , hlti ]il,oe imnlplol'ed, almost piteotuuly. not to ha sent away. It was the elld of Septemberlll, rlll l.cndon was at Its emplllihsti ; Mrs. Sl:t tille \tas therefore t spa redn th, Visiti s Sldti n liad Inquliles:; of hwr klisfullk anl 'er,ttuliltanc:tc . Shte \tas Ill at oase fromt anciety tonc(tlierning ll ope. All tinhat was kindly and orateful in her sltrong nature had IIbeen dllrawn forth by tie rlesolate orphlan girl who had thI spirit to withstand hecr hitherto undePltited tyranny and the perception 0t lt peal to the better self which lay bcI:eath It. So ltrst. Baville sat by herself, think-. Int. deelply of her past, her :present, and tile posnible future one woartm, rainy mlorning. "Horrid weather for hlepe," she thought, "Impossible for nerves to get right under such skyey ihf!uence." Yes, she must get hlop out of town. hlow desolate her life would be without that girl I and she would need comfort and support In coming years. Even if she brought herself to accept . -ugh's wife, -she would-probably turn out a thorn in .their side and keep her and her son -apart. / lere the old buller,,with a beamhing •face, announced, "M?r. Itiugh, ma'am," and her son entered. Ilow well, how distinguished, he looked I his strong face deeply embrowned, hisn ine eyes .looking eager yet soft. "Hugh I' cried Mrs. Saville, rising, ated trembling from head to foot. "My dear mother !" lie returned, ten adrly, with a slight hoarseness of warm emotion, and he clasped her in hlit arms, kissing her affectloifately. "Are you indeed safe and well ?" .-- My-?sonn I you lltaVonearly brokeOl£ my heart 1" :Iter tones told him he 'was already half' forgiven. ."Ra.wson told me this morning, just now, that I might venture to call. You mnust forgive .me, mother. I know I deserved your anger, and tils I re. gret. I only want you to let nme come 'and see you sometimes, and I will trouble you no more. I cane fight for m: own hand; and you must accept my innocent wife, too." "It will be a hard 'taslk, Ilugh. I am a prejudiced woman, and my pre judices are strong against her." "I think they will melt when you see her, mother." "I doubt it," Mrs,. Saville was begin sing, when the door opened, and Hope Desmond walked slowly. Into the room. She seemed very pale and fragile In her simple black -dress. No sooner had she caught sight of Hugh than her cheeks flushed, her great brown eyes lit up with a look half joy, half, terror, and her lips parted with a. slight- cry. liugh Saville sprang forward, ex- claiming, "My own love I my own dar., ling wifel" and folded her in a raptur IIUI? LIPS PARTED WITH A SLIGHT CRY. ons embrace, kissing her hair, her eyes, her lips, forgetful of everything else., Airs. Saville again rose from i her 'chair, and stood petrified. At last Hope disentangled herself from her husband's arms, and, crossing to where her mother-in-law stood, said, brokenly, "Can you forgive me for the decelit I have practiced 7 Can you have patience to hear my explana tion ?" "I am bewildered," cried Mrs. Saville, looking from one to another, "Is 1-ope De.mond your wife, Hugh ?" "She i? I Can you not forgive me now ?" said Hugh advancing to sup port Hope's trembling form by pass ing his arm around her. "It Is Incredible I How did you come to impose upon me in this way 7" "I will tell you all," Hope began, wilen sihe was interrupted by a mess ngo which the butler brought from Mr. Rawson requesting to be admitted. "Show him up; he is a party to the, fraud," said Mrs. Saville, sternly. . Hugh. drew his wife closer to him as Mr. Rawson entered looking radiant. "I -trustyou do, not consider mu an intruder, lihe said. "You come just when you are want ed.. I feel my brain turning," returned Mrs. Saville. "- - - "If you will listen," urged Hope with clasped hands. "Yes,. pray hear, Mrs.- Hugh SEVille," said AMr. Rawson., - M1rs. Savllle turned a startled' look upon him, and Hope went- on :."When I came to this good friend, who of fired me the shelter of. his house so scan as he found I was the niece of his old rector, I was In despair, I began to. realize the mistake,- the dis obedience, that Hugh had been -guilty of. -.I had yielded too readily to the tenmptation of spending my life with him. I felt that I was the cause of his troubles, and I was overwhelmed. I wished that I could die: anything to be no longer a burden and an ob Sstacle. Then I heard AIr. Rawson sl.tak of finding a companion for Mlrs. Srville, and the thought came to me of being that companion, and perhaps winning her affection for myself and restoration for Hud,,.," A sudden sob interrupted her; then, with an effort,. she went on : "Mr, Rawson was start led at the Idea, but his daughter at oe m took it up, and, after somne die cuislon, It was agreed that I should Siioke the desoperate attempt. I was therefore Introduced to you by two of my namnes-Ilole Desmond; I was call ed Katherine Hlope Deanond after mily mother, who was Uncle Desmiond's only sister. How I had courage to brave s?ch an experience I cannot nlow ullderstand, for my heart,"-she press ed her hands against her bosom, and disengaging herself, made a step near er Ier nmothl-i-lan-w-"seenms to flut teL and fall Inr. But the dsirle to re trLt- tile wrong I lad wrought sus taliied me. I ili not tell IIughl what I l l?t indil'laken until I had hIeon som, wt-k. ith you. lie was imtile alirill'd, and begged me not to risk t1 qiouceh---t-t leLe aiLs nooun aI I eouild ir Ithe strain was tooi great; but he did i1ol frtrbild mo: to stay. S.I I sitUyet. now dreadful the i beilinlag w:- ! Y(t. though you vwere cold and ste?'n. I alllId hear it, for you are tle strorg t ih,Ie , II pielous, or l?tttf, or narrow, at Ill I d.ired not let myself fear .(.u; il dt then--I grow to know you lihad a 1.-1Irt. That Is what makes this n rnlminI yo trriblel. I fear your dls , n IVVl Inor t than your disltleasure N?llr, can yoll, will you forgive le ?" MhRs. Saville was sil?t: Ihir brows wlre knit, her eyes dowlncast: yet l Ii op dtord In take the small hand which lay oil thie re'm of the chair Mrl!. Sa 'llle did not draw It away. The lnck er:; held their breath. Then she drew lope's to iher and gently striok"d it, "I think," she said, slowly,", that you arc the only creature that ever under .stood me. I forgive your husband, and nacept you-not because his disobedl elcec is pardonable, but because, when I came back from the jaws of death, the first slghi that met my eyes were your tears of joy at my recovery. Yet, ihad I died Intestate, you and your hus band would have been far better oft than you will be; and you knew It,'You are the first that has ever given mr what gold cannot buy." "Mother," cried Hugh Bavllle, in a tone of wounded feeling, "I always loved you as much as you wolld let me." "Perhaps you did. I believe you did," sald his mother. Hope had sunk on her knees .and kissed the hands which held hers, then hei' head fell forward, and Hugh sprang forward to lift her. "She Is quite overoden," he exclaim ed, almost Indignantly. "She Is but a ghost of her former self," And he placed her In an easy chair, where she lay with closed eyes. "Iappiness will be a rapid restora tive," said Mrs. Saville kindly. "Now, -'what.punnslhmcnt la to -e dUtail-ot- to you, traitor that.you are ?" lie con tlnued, turning to Mr. Rawson. I de grade you fromt the high office of my chief adviser ? I must hold a council, and the council-board shall be my dinner-table. Bring your daughter, to dilner this evening, and we shall settle many matters 7 And Hope, if you feel elital to the task, write to Richard, Inviting him to dinner to meet his new sisler-in-law." "Very few fellows have so good a right to be proud of a wife, as I have," cried Hugh, exultingly. "Our old naval stories of desperate cutting-out exploits are poor compared to the enduring courage that upheld Kate, as I al ways call her, though the long strlin of her bold undertaking." "She has enlightened me, at all events," said Mrs. Savlle. "Now:go away to the drawing-room and have yoiur talk out. The doctor insists that a complete change :s necessary, for Hope's recovery; so take your wife away to-morrow for your long-delay ed honey-moon, But, remember, when ever you are pursung your profession on the high seas,I, claim the companion .ship, Mr. Rawson's pleasant prote gee." - ' "Dear Mrs. Saville; I will be your loving daughter so long as you care to have me near you," cried Hope: and, no longer hesitating, she folded her formidable mother- in-law in her warm embrace. THE ENQ.l 