Illawarra District Convention. Our deep regret throughout the meat ings of the Convention, was that the brethren from the Circuits in the District were not with us. In addition to the Chairman of the District and the two ministers of the Kiama Circuit, only one of the brethren, the Rev. John tiobson, was able to respond to the call of the Convention circular. Even Bro Robson was unable to remain to the end of the first meeting. Three or four lavmen from the Berry Circuit looked in for an hour, but apart from these, the audiences were composed of Kiama Methodists. It was scarcely as hearty and loyal a welcome to our President as we could have desired, that the Illawarra District — of all others — should have extended to him. It may be mentioned here, that the President, like half-a- dozen other leading ministers of our Church, owes a heavy debt of love to the Kiama Church and Sunday School. Here he sat as a scholar ; here he found the Christ ; here he made his first attempts at public speaking, and — let us speak the truth in love here he iguominiously broke down in the middle of that first ambitious effort, and the minister, the Rev. Geo. Martin was fain to take up the parable. It was therefore historic ground upon which Mr. Beale stood as he guided the grand meetings of this memorable Convention. On Monday, the 25th., the Revs- J. A. Waddell and Harold Wheen con ducted the meeting for ' two hours of prayer ' by which the convention was fitly ushered in. Very searching were the exhortations given, and the Lord was present to heal. On Tuesday even ing the inaugural service proper was held, when the President of the Confer ence preached. Taking as his text, Isaiah lix. 42, he calmly and concisely set forth the causes of the Church's com parative want of success. With skill and wonderful tenderness \he made the diagnosis; all present seemed smitten by the Word as the preacher spoke of a worldly church, a form-loving church, a prayer-neglecting chnrch. Then great grace fell upon us all as the President pleaded for the Holy Ghost, not that He might 'come doivn,' but that Be might be honoured and received, that He might ' come in.' During the service we felt ' the speech less awe that dare3 not move,' and at the close, as several ministers and a student led in prayer the vows of days gone by were remembered and renewed. We felt as we left this heart-thrilling service that 'it was daybreak every where.' On Wednesday morning a goodly company met in the School Hall when a meeting for prayer and con secration was led by the district chair man, the Rev. John Gardiner. The chairman in his address at once acknow ledged the great benefit that had come to him personally during the service of the night previous. Then without book or note he delivered his message to the Convention. Even those who had heard the ex-President at his best, declared that fhis was better. So mellow and yet so mighty ; so kind and yet S) keen; so deeply emotional and ender, and yeb so convincingly logical and trenchant, this greatly beautiful address' was to us like the incoming sea at ouce lapping and lifting, at one moment majestic in its unbroken march, and then breaking over and breaking down in tears. God filled the place; both ministers, 'laymen and women wept before Him as he humbled us by His Word, and by the same Word spoke of Hope and Healing. Again and again, the President lead ing, we sang — ' Forbid it Lord that I should boast, Save in the death of. Christ, my God ; All the vain things that charm me most, I sacrifice them to His blood.' At the afternoon session, the organ ising Secretary rehearsed the story of the growth and development of the century movement. It was found that Illawarra District is seeking to raise 3,280 guineas. The District Secretary of the Fund, the Rev. H. Wheeu read a paper on ' The gifts of the Century movement to the Church.' The paper spoke of these as gifts of golden ideals, of a larger sense of stewardship, of new force, and of new opportunities. Dis cussion followed, and counsel was sought and given. It was a thoroughly practical and profitable time. Daring the interval between tea and the evening meeting, a large band of workers with torchlights, paraded the main streets, singing, exhorting and preparing the way for the last session of the Convention, which took the form of a grand evangelistic service. There was a large attendance, and the President and the Rev. R. Bavin de livered addresses. Every gracious ele ment of blessing and power that charac terised the preceding sessions was present to crown this Jast great hour of the feast with ' unction.' Not until after ten o'clock did the meeting close, and though no penitent was seen seeking the Saviour, many were wounded by the Spirit's sword, and we went away feeling that this had been one of the most suc cessful evangelistic services we had at tended. A pos '-convention meeting was held on Thursday night, when the circuit ministers gave counsels to those who had received blessing during the week. Another such meeting is to ba held tb nigut (Friday). It must be mentioned that the weather, though fine and bright, was of hurricane like violence, and this militated against the presence of country friends ; but Kiama itself gave a splendid reception to its own son in the Gospel, the Presi denee of the Conference. 