The Yellow Domino Bi M. Mohbis. CHAPTER XI. — (CsstmraED.) Three months passed away before Sir Hastings and Lady Warminster took possession of their new home. ' Welcome, dearest wile, to my home,' he said, grasping her hand and putting his lips to her brow. She did not shrink away, nor try to free his hand, and he felt his heart beating with the agitation of hope. ' Hastings,' she said falteringly, and with downoast eyes, ' we— we must try and get on a little better, and be happy together. Perhaps we oan — now.' vu, WUBM1UIS, AA JUU UUI| LUDW IflMt euoh words are to me I' he said, a deep flush ooming on his dork cheek, his eyes glowing down npon her. She looked np, almost startled by the emotion on his face. ' I will do my best, Hastings ; I have made up my mind to — do it1' She was just ailing enough and weak 1 enough not to be averse for others to choose for her ; but to bitn her answer and her tone founded as if she considered one plaoe was as good as another, as it was not likely that ehe would feel happy anywhere; and it caused him the first keen disappointment that he had felt since they had taken np their abode at ' The Court.' However, he would not allow himself to be down-hearted about this and feeling really hopeful that the ohange would be beneficial to her, he began to make all the neeeasary arrange ments at onoe, with evident pleasure and energy. Nothing could be more innocent, and nothing, as it proved, oonld have been more unfortunate. She observed his anxiety to take her away, his interest in all the details, and it amused her and pleased her then. On the j curacy to Tenby she was rather quiet and silent, but it was only because she was thoughtful and rather self-raproaohfal. As she watched him that day aa they travelled, her mood was tenderer towards him than it had been since their rnptnre. After all, she was thinking how good he was, how kind and thoughtful, how per severing in his attentions, and how patient with all her disagreeable mooda and tempers. Many another man wonld have tired of it all long before. He wonld have oeaeed trying to please her, trying to persuade her tbat he loved her; perhaps would have grown cold and angry. Her eyes were closed as ehe sat in her corner, bnt he saw that ehe was not sleeping, and he wondered what her thoughts oonld be to make her face look eo sweet. ' Here we are, darling,' he said, breaking in upon them suddenly, and in a moment or two the train stopped. He got oat first, helped her, and then she stood alone for an instant while he went baok into the oompartment for her shawl and rag. It was dusk, somebody passed by her rather too oloeely, touohed her, begged her pardon, and passed on withont observing who she waa. At the souod of the voioe Geraldine's heart stopped beating. That sentenoe, hurriedly though politely said, was uttered by Mrs Moseley and no other. She felt her face flame with indignation just as her husband joined her. Was this why he ohoee Tenby of all other plaoes f This why he had been so eager and to Interested f Oonld he have known that the Moseleys would be those that autumn f If eo, she thought to herself, paling as muoh as she 1 ? J ? ? : ? i -- „ .1 _ , . , , . , ? uhu pcuviuuBiy uuBneo, oi wnat oeneni wonld this sea ohange be P The drive to the hotel was not a long one, bnt long enough for her to reiolve that her tender thoughts had perhaps been pre mature, and tbat she would wait and watch a little before unburdening herself of those few words whioh she had foolishly thought were alone needed to make permanent peace between them. ~ ' CHAPTER XII. Time dragged on bnt slowly at the set side for Sir Hastings aa well as for Lady Warminster, and Sir Hastings was glad to gat baok to Park Street. ? ? ? One evening, when Sir Huttings War minster was sitting alone in his house, a telegram was put into his hands. As a role, suoh things did not render him the least uneasy, but this one he took with a sudden fear at his heart. He tamed pale, his fingers trembled, and-ho broke it open with hoBitation. It came from Tenby, and the sender, to his surprise, was Stephen Moselsy. The words were few, bnt more than enough to justify tho fear and dread with whioh he , had reoeived it. Lady Warminster has met with an accident. If you are in London, oome at onoe. CHAPTER XIII. i Before dawn, Sir Hastings was by his I wife's bedside, but no reconciliation could I take plaoe just then, for Geraldine was too , ill to heed even her beloved husband. The Baye had oome with him, . and from Stephen Moseley they heard an account of what had occurred It appeared the head-waiter at the hotel observed that, although there was a dense fog ooming np, Lady Wartninster had not returned, and he communicated the faot to the proprietor. Mr Moeelcy obanoed to hear this, and he joiued the party who went to seek her. In his heart he knew fall well that Sir Hastings and Lady Warminster were in sad disunion, and that his wife, Viola, wss in some way to blame for it. He said nothing of this then, but Hastings guessed by his manner that he had been glad to do all he oould aa atonement for his wife's Wrong-doing. They had fonnd Geraldine lower down on the oliif than they had expeoted, insensible, and with a slight out on her temple. She most have attempted to reaoh the top, and in the darkness have hit herself against a jagged and projecting piece of stone, end Shis had caused her to fall. Bnt, with pro vidential meroy, her fall was broken, and instead of being precipitated into the sea, she fell into a hollow cave below her. Either then, or subsequently, she had fainted, and in that oondition they fonnd her. They took her baok to tho hotel, bnt feverish symptoms set in at ones, and before that night was over her life was in danger. Mrs Bay told her, word for word, as Sir Hastong! had told it to her, the whole hittory of the Sqnire's mistake and all that it had entailed npon the young man. Geraldine wae so silent that Mrs Ray oonld not tell how she had taken the revelation. 'Poor Hastings !' she said pre sently, in a low voioe, 1 what a terrible position for him- It was good and generous of him not to tell me. Perhaps from him, and just at that moment, it would not have helped us to be happier. Dear papa 1 what a painful mistake I' Then Geraldine, as the whole episode came vividly before her imagination, turned her head away, and over the emaciated countenance from neck to brow a faint doll red arose and tpsead. She had betrayed her unsought love, than, to her dear father, and he had betrayed it to Hastings f She- had been forced upon him, and in that moment of shame and pBin she understood well why Hastings had not told h'er. He had been too manly and too chivalrous, and of two evils had ehoeen in preference to remain, to all appearanoes, blaoker than he was. 'Daareet Geraldine,' said Mrs Bay, in alarm, ' Hastings was right, after all, and X ought not to have told yon-' But that moment of agony was over, onoe and for all. She turned her head back, and seemed oilra. ' Stoop down and kiee me, Katie. On the contrary, thank you, dear, for telling me. I see that I should never have heard it from him, but it will help na *, eiiw A e\ flteat1 AVI as lif a a ».abm LaII.^ .till . 1 _ _ uvw aw own a vau. iaxc ogaiu ueuef Hull luail we should have done. As you said, that ghost is laid for ever now.' ' She sleeps now, Hastings, so ? : ' Yon have been there an immense time,' he said jealously. ' Yes ; but 1 don't think 1 have done her any harm. Yon shall see her very soon. I will go baok and watch her, and toll you the instant she awakes,' she said, gladly leaving him, for she intended that from Geraldine and not from her he should learn the Bubjeot of their conversation. ' Oh, thank you, Katie ; you are so good,' he said, brightening and seeing her to the door. Bye and bye, Katie Bay, with quiet footfall slipped oat of the siok room once more, this time to tell the impatient husband that he couid_ now go to the dearly-loved wife who had just been snatched from death. She fonnd him in the passage, where, with agitated breath, he had bean waiting for half an hour. A sign was sufficient, and then the door oloaed with him and he found himself alone with Geraldine . She etzetehed ont her weak arms towards him, and ho went to her and pnt them round him, and he held her np against him. ' Oh, my darling I' he said, ' thank Heaven for this moment— for the booa of your life and for the return of yoor love.' ' My leve never went, Hastings ; it was always yours, dearest hnsband, though I may not have ahown it. 1 have been wtong, unjust, hard. I don't deserve this ; you had every right to be angry.' Then, with broken words, she told him all tli6 details of that last day, when he left her in anger ' Say it, Hastings ; let me hear your dear lips tell me from your heart that you can forgive me. Ob, beloved husband I if you oanuot— — ' ' My darling, my own — you oonfuee me, pain me* It is not for me to forgive, it is ? ' ' It is,' she said, with pitiful eagerness. ' The part is dead, Hastings, forgotten, for given ; if you wish to hear this from me, bat for my hardness, for ? ' ? Beloved wife, calm WntlPEalf and oa» MA more. I forgive you, though Heaven is my witness that I say this to oomfoct you, and that there is, and never has been, excepting for that brief moment when I left yon, any - thing in my heart agAin-t you ; ou the con trary, nothing but love tt„d pity, and infinite yearning for this blessed moment of peifect understanding and unity.' Then he folded her in his arms onoe again, and he felt no shame that a moisture gathered in his eyes and fell in one or two drops on the sweet, tearful face upturned to his. ? * ? Not that day, but a little later, Geraldine told her hnsband of Katie Bay's revelations to her, and then, seeing something in his f aee, she stopped him from speaking. ' No, Hastings, not a word against her, or to her. She meant well and she did well, and in my heart is everlasting gratitude to her. The story oame best from her, dearest;; in faot, you would never have told it to me, probably being too gecetooe' and too con siderate. Darling papa, it is well that he does not know what, in all innooonoe, hiB mistake brought upon us both,' ? And yet, Geraldine ? ' he began, searching her eyes. As their glauoee met, they knew then that neither of them would have had the past nndune. Their love, their happiness, their porfeot frost, more than compensated for it all. Not even to have been spared the mis understandings, the strife, the misery of those last few months would they have been withont one another, weald they have relinquished the unutterable jay of the pre sent, the peaceful security ot the future. Tan Em. The railways bring into London about 80,000,000 gallons ot milk per annum. It was three oentnries ago in Flotenoe tbat the first grand1 opera was produced. There are'nearly 250,000 more men than women in Australia, and in Now Zealand also women are in a ^minority. Broad-headed horses are the oleverest. In the Household cavalry the horses with broad foreheads learn theirdrili more qntokly than the others. Even the Japs appreciate the value of printer's ink. The Mikado's Government has appropriated £8,000 to be expended in advertising in America the merits of Japanese tea. Glass brioks ere being aoade extensively abroad. They ate blown with a hollow.' centre oontairiing rarefied air, and nre said to be as strong and durable as olay brioks, while freely admitting tight. There are said to bt, more windows in Franoe than in any other pountry. 7 j I 