PROFESSOR, PEPPER DEAD. THE ORIGINAL GHOST-WALKER : AND 1UIN-MAKEK. Professor Pepper, of 'Pepper's Ghost' fame, has just died at Leytonstone, where he had recently been living (reports the London 'Daily Mail' of March 30). To the younger generation 'Pep- per's Ghost' is more a legend than a reality, but thirty years ago it was as popular as the present biograph. As Mr. John Hollingshead said in last evening's 'Pall Mall Gazette,' the death of the Drofessor 'carries the memorv to the davs when the miscellaneous theatrical matinee had not been invented, and those curious variety shows of re creative science called 'Polytechnic Institutions '' were popular with the classes who were blessed with mid-day leisure without knowing exactly how to use it.' It was in 1848 that John Henry Pep per, born in 1821, was appointed analytical che mist at the Royal Polytechnic in Regent-street. For some years the elementary scientific lectures and shows satisfied the Polytechnic's patrons, but Professor Pepper began to find that something different was wanted, and he turned his attention to the 'ghost' method of illusion, which a civil engineer named Dircks brought to his notice. 'Pepper told me that the idea of 'Pepper's Ghost' came to him one day as he was walking out of St. James's Hall, when some reflections from a mir ror caught his notice,' said Mr. Maskelyne, of Egyptian Hall fame, to a 'Daily Mail' representa tive yesterday. 'But there is no doubt tliat he worked on Dircks's idea, and de veloped the arrangement of . mirrors and glass, which made 'Pepper's Ghost' celebrated. At first he worked with mir rors at the side of the stage, but Professor Syl vester, who joined him, introduced the mirror beneath the footlights and the front glass on the stage, and that was the method afterwards adopt ed. For a long while audiences did .not under stand the 'mystery' of the. ghost, but people like myself, who unaerstooa the use of mirrors, knew how the thing was done, although that did not les sen our enjoyment of a ghost performance. It was decidedly entertaining to see an apparently solid 'ghost' walk through another character on the stage. But the ghost had his day, and has not been much heard of in recent years. There is no doubt that Pepper made a lot of money out of the ghost, but he did not die rich. Nearly twenty years ago he went to Australia to 'make rain' for the farmers, long before the American rain-makers appeared, but it was not a success. His idea was to cause rain to fall by means of aerial explosions, but he could not make rain fall where there was no rain up in the sky, and so he could do nothing in/places where rain was most wanted. He after wards became public analyst at Brisbane.' Pro fessor Pepper brought out successors to the 'Ghost' in. the 'Sphinx' and the 'Protean cabi net,' but none succeeded like the ghost, and 'Pepper's Ghost' will remain his chief claim to celebrity. 