MUSICAL NOTES; One of the most recent o£; th.e many Mrmtess audi fri^fees^t^ are permitted at 'the rehearsals- of tbe Royal Choral Society was "&e; OTdden^ikmg up of..tie organist.'of "Bar he-s a jolly good fellow" in honor of the singing of .Mr. Santley. jSeediess to say fifae-chorus jomei in testfhc, and after "tbe^stenn; of universal eirflnisiasm^had ibeen.-let* off,-discipline was enforced, andwork resumed. ? ? 1'ihe Emperor William has decided: that the monument to 'Wagner ia Berlin shall ! be -placed in the Thiergarten, And that it must not ,be larger than '&ose-already; con secractedi-to ?'Sc'hiiler. and". iLessHis. Though Wagner's . genius was recognised in his first -work, "Rienaa," the great master did not oi>en '"the new' __hea I vens and new earth" of opera until his "Lohengrin" was brought -out by Liszt in .the little-Opera. House at Weimar in 185U. Warner's vogue' as an operatic composer was Qtastened' by his undoubted genius as a stage manager and his irnagina.taon for scenic effects. He -alsO1 "wrote nis own <opera' texts, -wea-ving into them a vast amount- of -the philosophy and- mysticism of 'his time, which in no small degree -<= responsible for his immeose influence. M. Pietro Mascagni, who is . now Vienna, putting the final touches to his new opera, "Lea Masques," gave a lecture in the Goldoni ? Theatre on ? the ; Revolu tion in the.Artvof Music." After expres sing his great admiration for the genius o.t Richard Wagner, 'he- condemned the large and increasing number of his superficial imitators, and further added that the-tune ?had come when the true national Italian music of Cimarosa and Mozart, with their arias, duets, trios, choruses, romanzas, and serenades, should again hold the field. Manila is famous for three things, so foreigners say-hemp,, tobacco, and the Luneta. And the greatest of-these is the Luneta, Where there are bahd concepts m the evening. It is the boulevard where you will see- the handsomest equipages .and the fanciest ponies-the promenade, says a correspondent, where you will see army and navy officers in immaculate duck, also officers, Jadies, and other ladies, but lovely all because it is either twilight or evening, and the genius of romance makes all things lovely with music in the air and the great, darkening bay; for a background. The concert begins at O.30, and lasts tor two hours. The great,. elongated oval ot the drive is thronged with carriages, each carrying double lights. From the wall of -the city the spectacle is a marvellous one. The best United btates military bands each have, their night on the JLai neta, but the night at nights is when-, ?the 50 natives are on the stand. It ^ a night of thrills, raptures, memories, and air-castles." . ,. r , Mdlle. Marie Delna, perhaps the iine=t dramatic singer on the French stage, is leaving the Paris Grand Opera, and is re turning to the Opera Comique, -the scene of her former triumphs. It was there that she made her first success m Berlioz 3 "Troyens," followed in rapid succession br others-in Mistress Quickly, of Verdi s "Falstaff," but particularly in ^fe°. Mldlle. Delna's career, t'nough brilliant, na& not yet been a 'long' one. It is not many years since a quick-eared iffipressario, ?hav ing one hot afternoonsought refreshment in a riverside inn at Bas Meudon, caugho the sound of a magnificent untrained con tralto coming from -the latchen. Tn~ owner of the voice was mine host s serving maid. 'Marie Delna soon left the Ba^ Meudon inn, came out as Dido a ievv inonths later at the Opera Comique, and the next day -was 'famous. Besides a splen did voice of exceptionally extended regis ter, the singer revealed dramatic powers, proving her a born tragic actress. Renewed luS certainly awaits her at the <*era Comique, where she will make her -econd debut in Huihperdinek s IHansel unc. G-retel," which has not yet been heard in " D^" Richter's retirement from tjie direc tion of the Vienna Imperial, Opera, upon which there has been considerable specula tion, is an accomplished f*et seemg that the announcement appears in The _ omcuu alette. The worM-rencwned conductor s let, it 'is stated, has been largely-due to the intrigues which grow so plentifully wherever there is a subsidised opera house. TO. . A p^ri r musician in. '.England, 'xie is ai ready the conductor of the fine orchestra in Manchester, where already he has made ^T^foUwvtog is related of what took ?nlaee at tlie first rehearsal at Milan of a concert in ^lneh Rubinstein, was to play his own' pin&oforte; c&ncerto.; :Ait 9 o cl°f^ on a frosty .,and dark January morning the orchestra of La Scale was assembly Me Sala del Conservatono for thehrst re hearsal of Rubmstem s concerto. .Early l"d cold make men- not very agree able* and when Rubinet^ni took his pjace ait the piano-ttJibugh he showed mo sign of plJUnre or of displeasur^he mu^ cer tainly have commented'm -himself on tlie betemour of the orchestra, that did not ^riatowledse bis appearance, even by trie elementary polite act of uncovering their .ieads. The first movemenft of the con certo began and proceeded satisfactorily that is, without interruptions. At the end of the first movement there is a cadema, which was, of course-when played by the auiUhor-one 'of the most imposing and ir resistibly effective piano compositions. An dreolei was : conducting. When Rubm &ein; started on the cadenza the players, knowing it would be a long solo, leaned back uncon'cemed' in their chairs-not, however, for long: The veiy attack forced them to burn their head-s towards the player ;then they stared at "hirnj tiic/ stood up to see better: they put down their instruments; like ghosts they gMed from their seats, and in breathless silence thronged behind the pianist, who had nbt noticed what 'had passed. Whem on, the last chord of the cadenaa Rubmstem raised1 his left hand, itarning to the orches tra. to show tiie attack, he found himself ini the tains of a crowd" of attests, who cheered him, embraced him, and confd scarcely be indaced to go back 'bo their seats and resume tiie-rehearsaL The Vienna correspondent of t'he London "Dailv Chronicle," referring to the closing of 'two theatres in the Aiistrian capital saJ^--Is .fhe operetta dying? Is Vhxt brand of art, oh ' the stage the youngest of all, destined to be so very sihort-lived ? It ap pears so. All tlie symptoms point to its extinction in Vienna. An accident it can hardly be that- Wo popular theatres, the I3ieater an der Wien and the Carl-theatre, which for decades have been cultivating the operetta, have broken down a't the same time. x->ranz von Jauner, the manager of the latter, and one of the most success ful exponents of light opera in Austria and Germany, shot himself lately. But thea trical people maintain that, {H.-acticaaly, it was not the bullet, but the d'ecay of this form of the drama, which ended Jauners life For vears the operetta has not been, paving in Vienna. This splendid manager's career ran almost parallel with the . short career of the operetta. He started with it, and rose *\vrth it; its zenitli "was bis zenith> its decline brought his with it. From the Theater an der Wien, started Strauss's and Milloecker's effervescing music on its world tour; at the Carltneatcr Suppe and Offenbach celebrated their tri umphs. The times have grown more se rious. Strauss's rhythm no longer elec trifies the Viennese populace; buppe s marches and Offenbach's, ariettas no longer put them into good humor. That whicn roused the last generation to enthusiasm now seems flat, senseless, and ofter im moral. Recently some convulsive efiorts were made to revive the waning operetta, but all were in vain. During the last 20 years no new operetta theatre -has been built in Vienna. The two theatres I men tioned will either no longer cultivate the operetta, at all, or do so only to a very limited extent. Into none of the various theatres erected in Vienna m reeent years could the operetta gain admission, while all &e; new ones 'built with pu-blicmoney had to exclude it on principle. The cry is '"'Give us good people's theatres. Lhe thea'bre is to be a plaee of education for the people, not for amusement only, iwen the frivolous,- pleasure-seeking Viennese, influenced by ?a. new "Zeigeisfc," manifest a better and more serious taste in matters theatrical. . 