A correspondent writes:—" A cablegram {which, though it caused some comment, was never contradicted) appeared some lime ago in the daily papers to the effect that the Scots Greys bad had their horses died khaki. It may interest you to know that letters received from military circles? in Cork—their port of departure—states that the 17th Lancers lent thoir horses to the !>cots Greys." THE picnic story is eternal. This is a tale of two young ladies who hired a conveyance and went out in the wilderness to have a eood time. Thev did not even take a driver of the male ses, one of their number being quite capable of performing the office of jehu so long as the horse was quiet and did no', walk up against anything very formidable. The party got deep into the bush" and unharnessed their horse and lit a fire and had a happy but somewhat quiet day in the absence of tbe disturbing masculine eiemeut. As dusk was coming down ihev prepared for the home journev, and suddenly discovered that they had neglected to tie up the horse, and the animal was gone. A weeping and distracted pienic spent tbe rest of the daylight seeking the lost horse, and then it huddled ap in a lump under a tree, and put in sn awful m#ht, bemoaning its lot with a deluge of teare. Next day the picnic was found bv a seap^h party from Melbourne, and now you couldn't bribe those girls to go to a bush picnic*without a man of some kind. THIS Scotch College has for many years been noted for the number of Hebrews who have been in attendance. This year for the first time t^ AUT-bonties seem to have taken official cognisan of the fact, for in the printed prize-list, under the heading " Special Subjects," can i e found Hebrew —J?. Kaufman, J he Je»- and the Scotchman have always been considered to be pretty equally matched, but joes this mean that the Jew is beginning to increase m the expense of his Scotch • , . rival T WK have touched on the theatrical idea that it is unlucky to carry an open umbrella on the stage. Another Thespian superstition is that peacocksare never to be depicted. In defiance of this alleged sign of ill luck, Sir. J. C. Williamson had peacocks painted near the proscenium of the Princess'. Well, tha' theatre has failed for the time being, and Mr, Gordon, who painted the ppacocks, is dead. It is understood that Mrs. Potter had a special objection to those peacocks. When the theatre was redecorated Mr. Williamson received the advice to w ipe them out, but refused to do so. The curious superstition will be remembered attaching to his play of "Struck Oil," through three represents lives in Melbourne of Deacon skinner having died —Messrs. O'Brien, Seftoa aDd Redwood IT is .not generally understood that the irons placed on prisoners in these days are little more than formal. They are very light, and intended rather as a restriction of limb action than as a penalty, although they are legally regarded as a punishment, .Among the prisoners themselves tney are looked upon as something of a distinction. In the old convict days irons were indeed a cruel torture, consisting as ihey did of weighty chains, with sometimes a cannon hall attached, In which the unhappy wretches bad to literally drag out their miserable existence. THEV were nearly having quite a magnificent ghost sensation up in the vicinity of Rushworih a short time back, and for a space of three nights one house was regarded by a large circle as possessing ail authentic ghost," and being well and truly haunted, according to the strictest demands of the Psychological Society. The house is built near a hill, and has a lean to, and at night strange and awful sounds were heard issuing from up under the roof and above the ceiling, sounds which could not be accounted for by daylight. Just as the sensation was about to reach national proportions, a man came along who was not afiaid to investigate at night whilst the sounds were progressing, and he found that a large, patriarchal billy-goat had got on to the roof from the hill, via the leanto, and bad made Jus way under the roof through a trap door. The billy's" guttural remarks about things in general and the noise of his movements were ascribed to supernatural agencies. Now the ghost is (aid, and Billy is compelled, much to his disgust, to seek a new home at nights. WOMAN-, lovely woman, is an unreasonable .feature, and a great domestic disturbance in our suburb may mav be quoted ^otedin eupport support ot of^ ttie tta juseirton assertion. There is a inild little man named Doe in the suburb in question, and he has a large, intractable wife. Doe is tbe most innocent mite of a man imaginable, but his irrational wife will have it that he is a gay Lothario of the gayest and Lotharioest kind, consequently sue she has*alway6 utw got her eye upon " t '."" u:'"7 him ready to grab half his hair off on the slightest seijuenuy t: rru« Jn,. Ai^c. Mna wont. hnhlR provocation. The other day Mrs. Doe went home in a tearing state of indignation, and without waiting to point out anything or state her case even in the tersest way, she went straight for Doe -straight, and hard, and often. Doe had a wild and woolly time, and was so mauled and manhandled when the neighbours succeeded in effecting a rescue that he has still some difficulty in establishing his identity even amongst his old friends. Ten of the neighbours held poor Doe and allowed his nose to bleed over the sink whilst another ten held Mrs Doe and expostuife/S o , d v^h himr cried the infuriated £ Z Z ) ^ ^ ^ Z ^ ™ about as much as he can hold- pleaded a mutual friend. "Yes but 111 teach him more, tbe false-hearted wretch ' vnVl tJ e J Ol ? D «7l 0U ° Ut ' * OU base entire, 1 know jour treks' Where were you on Saturday afternoon-tell me that ' Oh, I know-I know very win i ZT ll lkmg ° Ut with creature. ' r y ° U HtUe v Mlain,tel. me S S I Jeans was telBng me that a it : ' " "' 0U t ° gether 80 ' TOlfcsn't, [it was j ourself." Mrs. Doe r u y 8 oodDeES w, so it was i" l^uite forgot I was out with you on DoethoighT^tS 6 * 1 What a "' 8 '"y mistake." No trick of fraud is too simple to catch some oo or another, and none too old to be qSt! to the smeler. Tne popular idea of 1 confidence 3SWJ32J5 J S r ^ i ^ f f tbat il uncle who died and l e f t ^ S o t taS^g at a time, to industrious young men show they had saved a lik eL 0Unt Th ^ m ^ of rewarding thrift has been £ torn. and yet it still pays the s h f ^ to work it' A local reporter once said to a nnt J „„eJ J t * man . - You ought to write a bSct ?°° fiden^ teries of yonr came." " U V K about th e myswas an adjecfive shame for Se j j?™ inteifere with his adjective bulw J co P 8 to he said, for the enlightenment of thT Y ,° U Bee '" coves do a deuce of a lot of Lod ^ rep ° rter ' " We after all, don't heaps of businLfh nt OUr V J ay ! an '- brokers an' coves Uke thl„ f l kes and ° the sa<ne P^y much They'd sell a mug a pile of rotten the flate ? do him in with adoseofcronl n^f ^e different, is it ? AnyLw th e ° ^ t U V?'* ® uch just the same, an' le ln't ll?** ^ h M m °tiey of the fellow what 5 £ hi J S ^ hle^r for the bloke ^hat JSels hJm ^ f ^ than he J We do a lotofgoodTnTur ^r 111 for g ed notes - makin' blokes c/ reful. Some ^ have remained fools aUtheir u3th^ri , f^° n l d taken down for a few qaid Tfc.tT yh &dn; tbe8n , keep their wife abTu^em, good in other wavs too Onl^L Redoes Fn swell duds 5 p d , a y a ch a P shake as hearty as a dear brother < r have a drink,'says he;'nevermind ahn,,. a , )lUi business of two years ago ; I forgive v • lieliuJej ,ll was the makin' o' me, an' 1 want to,I M'° Ton I had a drink, then sez he: 'I was eoin U ' that sixty ^ quid, but when you pinched • ir ,, turn back to the old district an' eo f 0 L had g0 to 1 In three days I cut a reef that's been -C about about two two ounces Olinms to tn the fho ton fnn ever since' \- f flDIO man, ; he sez. < Here's a tenner for x w, 1 ™ rifl! | ever want an honest billetcome to me " \- T011 ' no beastly ingratitude about me,' he ti-, '"^V""' 1 whatd'yer think of that?" • Jh f fe THIS story has been told at the c - , gentieman not unknown in Australasu.;-, Stand one whose devotion to the rosy i? J T and whisky and similar lubricants has freaLl!? given much concern to bis best friends TI' man has a charming little daughter of a C l f and she was shown off to a big crowd 0 f Phri. visitors at a seaside hotel. " My wor-' ' J a of these, taking the little girl on his ; ar, !;, and ou have grown. You are going to bp a hi* aren't you?" "Yes, please," said th- iZ^S sweetly "I'll soon bebigenoagh to borne when he'e drunk." Then an awful S i rown silence fell upon the company and „ 1 body thought very hard, n n i ^ T 1 ^ ^ ) entleman began an ardent conversation ah™ I] eather. The politician has taken the pledge. 1 ADMIRES of MBLBOURNE PUNCH will benW I to know that its cartoons on the South Afrill war are highly appreciated in England. SemJ P ^ h l g T c K and " The Old Fashioned Hemedy of Tju, 1 Letting/' From the time that war was knon , be inevitable PUNCH'S war pictures have beenZ popular throughout Australia. Thev have copied into the Cape papers, and we now dZ to express our gratification at the reception the 1 q have met m England. 