Battles of the Past FIGHTS FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP. 'BAD' RETIRES FROM THE RING. TO3I CRIBB AS AN ORATOR— HIS EXILE. Oliver Vanquished— Tom Spring and Bill Neat. [No. LXX.J Tho January of 1S21 was bitterly cold, and sport throughout the country was at a standstill, savo skating, so when tho news come that there was to 1» a light between these two of the ilrst iistlc stars ot the arena, it caused quite a libllo flutter in sporting circles, sny- tho London 'L.V. Gaixtte.' February 20 was tho day fixed for t'ho light, and Spring, .who had been keeping himself pretty fit in his sparring displays, -tnly wanted to put tho finishing touches to make liiinseU in tip-top condi tion. He, therefore, determined to go to his native town, near Hereford, so, to the surprise and delight of his old friends and relations, ho arrived at the cathedral town by coach, and walked over to Fownhope, Intending to stay with a younger brother, who still kopt up tho business of butcher. It Is said that on his journey down to the county of cider, IJiat ho was received at every p'laco where the coach stopped as It he toad been tho Duke of Wellington him-' self just TOturned from the ware, and his reception by his old friends when he ar rived at his destination was of tho warmest and heartiest; his own family being very proud of their Tom, who in so short a time had made such a name and position. He sot ito work getting himself right by walk Ing, riding, and occasionally 3kating, al though that was rather a dangerous exer cise to indulge in when tho timo was so short before tho fight took place. : Oliver at first thought cf. staying with his friends at the Magpie, at Hounalow, and there take his breathers; but he found that impossible, for it was too near town, and tho officers and friends worried his llfo out when they knew that tho match had been made. From tho humble skittle-alley cus todian he ? ? BECAME A HERO IN THEIR EYES, nnd he was sorely. tempted to drink. So ho went off to some friends at Chipping Wy coinbe, in Bucks. Whilst there he was visited by several sporting squires, who of fered to add £25 to t'he stakes if 'he could (irrauge that tho fight should take place- in their county. He' communicated with Cribb upon t'he subject, and 'that worthy came down and accepted Hie gentlemen's offer. In company wibh Captain James, of Bea consfleld, and Tom Owen, who had- accom- panied Cribb to Wycombe, they went in. senrch^of a suitable place to bring off the battle, and decided upon Salt Hill. : ; How the Bucks magistrates issued war rants; and how. Oliver was arrested, arid only let off on his' solemn promise not to fight In their county, and how when, on the day they went to a place near Arl ing-, ton Conier, where the migistrates followed them and stopped tho fight, we have no space to relate heTo. Never wero two prize fighters so much harassed as Spring and Oliver over this particular fight. At length, after journeying from pillar to post, they found themselves at Hayes, in Middlesex, and it was not until 3 o'clock on this Feb ruary afternoon that Oliver's yellow and 'Spring's blue wore seeu waving from the stakes. . ? ..-'-. The first few round woro foughtwlth very little go in them, although thoro.was plenty ol! science displayed, and. were remarkable exemplifications of tho coolness o£ groat boxers. And it was- not until the fourth round that Oliver camo up., after a. nasty throw, looking fierce and very determined.' In thn .succeediuB: ten rounds Oliver was grassed every tlmej and. it was soon evi dent that althougn he started favorite, he lield not a ghost of a chance. .'? ? . In vain, after the sixteenth 'round,- did ?Ills friends try to persuade Tom Oliver to glvo in.- His friend Clarke, a well- known trainer, even went so far as -to jump Into the- ring,' when tho-ntmost confusion fol lowed. : ' '. ??'.??? . .':. .?? GIVING- TIME FOR -THE BEATENMAN to;-puirhimself together a bit. In spite of ali they could say or do; tho plucky veteran would come to 'the scratch, although; ho could scarely stand. -' - - Hero is, a description Of the : last two rounds, which,' quoted In ? their entirety, road somewhat sickening: 'Oliver, who had tumult, made another attempt' to retrieve his fortunes. Spring, however, who now saw It was unsafe to prolong the contest, went in for the finishing, 'touch, got Oliver's hoad in chancery, pummelled his ? already bruised. face until it was one mass of bloody jelly, and, having punished Oliver until ho lvad to. scream with pain, threw him a cross-buttock, which seemed to dlslocato his neck: But the game, tho plucky, tho indomitable .Oliver, even yet was not de feated, and w-hen he. once more was able to raise himself from tho ground ho insisted .011 being led to the scratch. Unable to. stand, ho signalled to his seconds, who took him by each ami, and they left him In' tho centre of tho ring. But the moment their arms were' withdrawn he fell- down'in a fainting fit, and so, after a battlo of 52 minute's' duration, Spring, amid 'the tro inondous cheers of 'his friends, was declared ?the -victor.' . Tom Winter Spring undoubtedly proved himself in this fight the scientist of tho time, and immensely Increased his already great reputation, which was.so soon to cul mlnatoin. tho proud title' of Champion- of England; . , . ?;: ? ? ' . ' ? And now lot us turn to matters concern ing oho actual Championship in connection wlt'ii our. hero^ In the, early part of Jan., 1S21, when Olivorand Spring were arrang-; ing their battlo which wo havo just de scribed,' Toni- Cribb, after ten years' Inac tivity, onco moro , threw down tho. gauntlet. . uno evuiuuB. .?-«|*'i'o '? ojjiu uu.h^u Harry Harmer and Lancaster, at tho Fives Court, Cribb rusihed Into the place almost out of breath (ho weighed just on 17st at tho tlmo), pushing through tho audience, MOUNTED THE STAGE, AND TOSSING' HIS HAT IN THE AIR, and holding hh3 pocket-book over his head In the greatest agitation and excitement, addressed the assembly thus: 'Gentlemen, —I will fight Neat for 1000 guineas, .or for BOO aside, or for whatever he can got. I have been just told, while I was taking n fo\y whiffs over somo cold brandy ami wa ter, that Neat .had publicly. cnauenBcumu. I- therefore lost no timo In showing niysolf before you. Gentlemen, I do not like this. chaffing behind my back; and another thing Is, I won't havo it. I am an Englishman, and I will behavo Hko one. An English man never, refuses. a challenge.. Neat Is my countryman. 'But: what of that ? vlf he refuses to fight me I will fight any mau in Bristol for. 1000 guineas,, and stako £100; directly. Hero's the blunt ! ;My country men used mo ill when I was last at Bris tol, and Neat behaved rude to mo. Per haps 'tho-old fool' may be licked, but: I will give any of them somo troubloboforo lHVy ' UU H.f uuu nut tuit ;uu| ? bu'n*«''''i: they say Neat shall fight my boy Spring, because they know he is unwell. Thisicon duct Isn't right, my boy's In a consumption, theroforo I will fight Neat Instead of him. My boy Spring has not got helly enough for him, but I have. I will fight, and, blow my dicky, but I will givo any of them that fight mo pepper.' Novor had tho old Champion delivered himself of such oratory before, and the en thusiasm was great. Anyhow, tho result was a match between Neat and the Clinm plou for £200 aside. Tho date fixed was May 9, 1821. Thero were two opinions as to who would win, for most looked upon Tom Cribb as being TOO FAT, GOUTY, AND OLD. No doubt thoy who took that view wero perfectly correct, and it would havo been painful for tho old man to havo gone into tho arena again with a vounir. unwnrfnl. quick man llko Neat pitted against him. However, Neat's backers failed to enter an appearance when tho second deposit was duo, so tho first was forfeited to tho Cham pion, and tho whole thing fell through. Everybody in tho sporting world was leased, at thJa result, an4. at a,mp.c.tlnsj)t the leading patrons of tho V.R., It was de cided that Cribb Bhould remain nominally; Champion until his death, but that ha should not again bo called upon, to defend tho tltlo In the roped arena. - / This wan all very woll, but the old war horso had been aroused, and Tom did not care lo, admit that bis day *°d passed to do battlo In tho rlDg. So It Tr«a not until the following year that ho dcVtonnlnedtipott relinquishing Iho title, and to rotiro in ' company with hla gcntlomasly ailment, the gout, nud his wife and children, into quiet, domestic life, and gavo up oaccXoE nil tho.glorio3 ot tho Prize Ring. ('IX) IIIS CONTINUED.) 