;j:Qriginal Hovel iLillie Maori fail By E. DOIDGE, '''Author of 'Father and Son,' 'The Daughters of Eve' — a tale of tha' Maori War ; 'Tho r ',4. Mystery of Mervellien,' 'Marian « ay ! Goniaby,' ' Piwee,' Daughtor of hiioho.Ki . ?;- ., Taranui,' &o.; , : . '.. u . ' — — - . ' tAlii Bights Bksbeted.] .... ,. , ? CHAPTER XI. — (CoNTimntD). ; did not wish to leavo yon, dear Lady {j Merlin'.', ^ .' I heard you say twice this morning how / inviting the sunshine looked. You arc quite at liberty to go.' 'Then, it 'you pleaee, I shall go and lie .adown for an hour ; then it will bo easier to keep awake during the night.' j!iRl';'.Ag if I kept you awnko during the ''night! ; I am sure you slept well enough 'iast'iiight ; I had to awaken you three timet ^.. woman to sleep 1 But do go now, as 3 ^really . cannot endure so much talking.' (H13,.Jtisa Hamilton forebore evon to arguo : and. Rama felt sorry for her. Under other oiroumstanoes she would have fired up ; ba ''?'the quiet and enduring spirit of resignation, ci* whioh she read in her erstwhile governesaV a.j.eyes, appealed tc her. Tj'a i- : ' Oome,' she said, ' and I will show you r the midioine, and tell you when it ia to be ~ .given.' , ? On a table, at the further end of tho room, was what looked like ' an amateur ^''chemist's shop. Bottles of effervescente, .medicinal water,; alkaliB, preparations of bi t..f carbonate . and potash, oitrio and- tartaric ^aoid's, and aromatic tinctures in ammonia '' and lavender. ' f''n * lii«B Hamilton,' cried the petulant old ^ladyi-' oiie would suppose you wore giving .If instructions for the treatment of a Hospital ,,,.;fnll ,of patients! Do you suppose Rama j '' ^'n possibly remember one half of all you '? 1 'are' telling her? Do you intend that eho ''i1: shall take'the case out ot tho dootor's hand V tf!.-,! ? Ii beg you not to distress yourself. You e-iu know .that it would not do to have any mia lakes in your medicine ?' Ab though thore oould be any mistake 1 j,.,. . Is not every bottle marked, and the ' . , quantities f I suppose Bama'ii eyesight id not' impaired, and tbat she has not forgotten VJ' I'hoxr to read.' , t»'U;;vThen the faithful companion left tho . c jatoom, wondering how long it would bo . „-(Lj before she would be aB impatiently sum ' *? . mcned as she was thus summarily dls missed; how long it would be before the '{ 'less-enduring spirit of Buma would revolt . il.', agaiosttho gouty sufferer's ill-humors, and aizaost ; unbearable querulousness. here, Kama, You, at least, will not ,hore me ; when Miss Hamilton is not sadly s' ' 'stupid, she ia contrary. It has occurred to i'* ;Bie,'- while I have been lying here raobed \- ei Jl. with .pain, : that perbapa I should have £,* - . ehow.n you icore consideration, child, when ? ^ were so long and olosely associated with ~ Mies ' Hamilton. I bad not realieed how ' really provoking it is possible for her to be.' ? V '- -' You must not think that, dear Laoy r^i.'ii'Merlin. I assure you MiBB Hamilton was always vory patient and long- Buffering .with me.* ' Pull down that blind, the Bun is shining right aoroes my bed.' -'--? - Kama did as requested , 'No,JI do not like that. Put it up again ; open a newspaper and lay it over the foot ,rail. The doctor Bays the sunshine is the ijyj , greatest healer. Ohl' (in a sudden and 'angry'hoito) 'why did'you touoh the quilt? mil 'Do- you not know ay great too gives mo i!« .i'agocyof torment?' (her foot was in a box). JLJbog your pardon. I was not aware.1 You should think, then. . Can't you seo , how... jciaref ully bho has arranged the bed /.olothes, so as not to boar heavily. Pull the 'paper a iittlo to tho right. There.' gjt- down. ' If ono thing is more annoying than another it is to seo people ji# .j standing aimlessly about a room. '- ~ ilti ? ;Bama snt down, and was for a fow moments silent, ew. Havo you ' absolutely no oonvoreation ? t'- !-I 'sent for you that 1 might be oheored a little iu my desolation.' . .',1 shall be very glad if I oan entertain ' 1 you. I'aiBSuro you.' »i. ly ' You 'did not go to churoh on Sunday, oil a iMisB'Hamilton said.' BJi ,m-.. «? Yes,-' I accompanied Mrs Oowan ; we iui«T went toPonBonby.', dlr.i !i..\ What took you thero?' Sljtui-. u 'iWe.went speoiaily to hoar the Bev. Mr -V otara.! ? ojiT Who in the world is hef fiiin if. !;A yOung clergyman who has recently ££,. n been ordained. Ho is a Maori.' 'So I should. Buppose.' You would not ' !1 'think of telling die tbat Campbell is Sootoh Murphy Irish, would you ?' i!K0:-\'![f-Y0U!abked'wh0'h0,wa8.' . l'i\i yni Do. not give uioany baok answers, Bama. This lotura ib a friend of yours, JL suppose ?'. ' I mot him for the first time at Biahop'a Court. Ho is very gentlemanly, and tre mendously in earnest. I think yon would like him/Lailj Mo'rlin. His lordship thinks a nsrn greac.aeal ot him.' ta di' Does he? Well, it is something to have jjo'ilijie^Uy converted a Maori.' , -? . ' . 'It ia, indeed. Though it is not an io '?--otflinary oaso of oonversion,' . ' ','How do you know?' . 'J ' 'Xptit the question to Mr Totara.' l,r ''What, you asked him if ho waa oon vortedf ' ':'Y '' I siBked him, rathor, whon ho was con 'totted'.1 - '' , ' He must have oonBidered you very per- , onal, not to say impertinent.* '1 do' ao't think so.' ' Well, when and how was ho converted f ' Ho doos not quite remombor, I think ho said ; he was always good, I should say — always serious, I am suro.' ' 1 trust, if that is ao, you will bo at Bomo pains to emnluto him.' ? Yes, I think I shall.' ' Seeing that you aro so muoh interested in this young man, you may invite him to oomo horo, if you wish.' ' If you wish it, certainly, Lady Morlin.' ' I did not say I wished it ' — thic oamo almost snappishly, as a tingo of pain shot through her stiff joints. It was upon Kama's lips to suggest to the old lady not to be cross, bat, romombering tho infirmitios of ago and gout, sho ourbed hor tongne and rosolved to ondure. Softly she oommiserated and suggostod a glass of soda. ' 1 am siok of thoir noa crams ; but I will take a oup of toa.' ' I understood Miss Hamilton to say the. dootor only allowed you tea onoe a day.' 'Thon I shall tcko it twice. 1 know without boing told what the dootor said. Miss Hamilton interferes moro than is dcsirtiblo.' 1 1 am sure sho only desires to see you woll again. Your digestion being so muoh impaired, toa ' Will you foroe mo to ring the bell f Toll Miss Hamilton to oome to me at onoe I At onoo, do you bear?' ' It ia little more than half an hour sinoo she left us to lio down.' 'Do you daro to disobey my express commands, girl ?' ' I will order tho tea, certainly, and muoh good may it do you,' Bama oould not rofruin from murmuring, as aho left tho room. Shortly afterwards tho Bishop'o wife was announced, and Bama was permitted to withdraw from tho trying ordeal of nursing one of tho most exaoting victims whioh the tyrant gout over marked for its own. The respite was for the epa-30 of half-an-hour. Ere that was over Miss Hamilton had joined her ; they were spending a fow minutes with Mrs Cowan in the reoeption room. ' How oan you enduro it ?' feelingly queried that good soul. ' It iB a trial of patience, no doubt,' waa tho reply. ' But I am fairly used to it, you know, and by patient endurance ' ? ' Martyr crowns aro won, the Bishop says,' broke in tho elder lady. ' Mies Hamilton tells mo that the day time is pleasant compared' with the night experience ; if that is the oaso, I fear I should not survive one night,' said Bama. ' I oould not keep up, of course, were it not that tho trained nurso oomes at 10 and remains till breakfast time. I do bops the attack will not last much longer.' It did not at that partioular time. Three days later Lady Merlin was up and about, better than aha had been for years, she deolared, smiling quite oheeriiy, and reading reoiprooating smiles in all animated nature, causing even Bama to think that thero may be worse things in the world even than a bad inflammatory attaok of gout. Lady Morlin was even cordial. She lavished unstinted praise on the careful, unselfish, loving devotion of Misa Hamilton ; saw a marked and commendable change for tho better in the general demeanour of her wayward aud impetuous prot6g6 ; and so far unbent — to the complete surprise and pleasure of the household— as to announoe tbat she wou.d give a party at Merlin Court on the following Monday evening. A party at Merlin Court had been unheard of for years. It was a condescension to the goddess of frivolity, of whioh the rigid. auBtere old lady had not been dreamed capablo. And as it was well within a week of the time whon it had been rumored that the devout soul was dangerously ill, sundry people — particularly, perhaps, those not well acquainted with the eooentricities of gout — oame to the oo&olusion; that tho reported illness was after all only an old lady's fanoled indisposition. Others, on receiving the unwonted invite, playfully suggested they were summoned to make merry o ver the vanquished enemy — gout. OHAPTEB XII. baha's bbtboihal. The Maoris do not make long courtships. But the oivilised Maori muBt needs bend to some extent to tho ways of civilization. Safe it is to say that nowhere, at no time, since the colonization of New Zealand in 1810, havo two individuals, full-blooded Maorio, been more thoroughly oivilised, few moro highly educated, few more care fully trained than Bama Tuena and Horl Totara. In age and education they seemed eminently fitted to make a matoh. And thero were others beside Bishop Cowan who hope to seo them wedded. If the burden of tho story to ba told werd the wooing of Bama by Totara, the writer would dwell hero at greater length ; yet this was not the eventful portion of thei* history. On the evening of Lady Merlin's party it beoame a matter of common observation that the young Maori olergyman was paying markod attention to Lady Merlin's adopted daughter. On that oventfol evening, too, the Biohop, who arrived late, and left early, took .ocoasion to, speak to hiB hoat about the matter, : and was agreeably surprised, and pleased, to find Lady Merlin was of the same opinion as himself ; deolaring that it was tho very thing ; that snoh a match would be hcaven- mado, and promising, so far from throwing any obstacle in the way, to promote the affair. Match-making is generally a delightful feminine occupation : it was a rather new novelty for tho mistress of Merlin Court, however. Everybody agreed that Bama was the life of the party. There woro oharades of her own devising ; in one Bhe oonverted Totara into the moBt grotesque savage, fishing up in the Maoris' Island home ; in another Hood's pathetio ballad, ' Mary's Ghost,' was por trayed in anything but pathetio parts. And above and beforo all other matters for wonder was the faot that Lady Merlin laughed and applauded, when at any other time she might reasonably be counted on to oondemn. She was young again, her guests deslated ; and Buoh was the happiness of her mood that if the ball-room had boen ready she would not have denied the troup of joung people a danoe. That was indeed suggested, but thoy had to be satisfied with a promise that on . some future oooasion, when provision was made and thoy oame prepared, their wishes would be gratified. Amongst the songsters no one sang so often or no Bwoetly as Bama; while a duet by Totara and Bama won unbounded admira 'tion. Maori logend was interspersed with tho classical produotions of the age. And whon tho pleasant evening was over, the guests deolared that for years they had entertained absolutely wrong impressions abou1. ' tho dignified matron of Merlin Court ; - tbat she had been wronged in being so generally regarded as an embodiment of hauteur and. unbending formality. Totara was for going., when the Bishop'a party left, but this he was porauaded not to ao ; and beforo he left he had a pressing invitation to vifcit Merlin Court otton, fcr tho hostess wishod to know better ono who was so suitablo a companion for Bama. » * » ? ? * And beforo a weokmore had olapsod, Hori Totara had asked, 'and haa become, the aouoptod Buit.or for tho hand of Bama Tuena. People said that aB Lady Merlin waa rioh and had neither ohild nor near relative, a handsome 'dot ' would go with the hand of Lady Merlin's adopted daughtor, Safe it J is to say that onno auohmeroonary fiction did | tho young olergyman c»unt. Ho saw in Bama a winnomo and liappy- dispovi: ' partner in lifo's journoy ; and ho waB whon ho found that both hia Bishop and tlio young iady'H guardian united in their approval of his Guit. At first Bama laughed at him and at tho idea of boooming a olergyman's wifo, a position sho ooid sho was suro nho oould nover satisfactorily fill; but finally eho Baid sho would be Totara's wifo— that on him would rost all the responsibility of tho momentous undertaking. And thuB it was in tho oapaoity of Kama's fianc& that Hori Totara wub a regular visitor for several weeks to Morlin Court ; and as his staid and sterling qualities bcoamo known to Lady Merlin, sho was moro and more oonvinood that sho waa doing tho proper thing by Bama — to givo her to him. His sedate, sottled, honorable oharaotor seemed to supply prooisoly thoso restraining safeguards whioh tho impuhivonOBS^ of Bama's oharaoter rendorod doairablo in a life-partner ? « ? ? It was a balmy summer ovoning whou tho two young people sat in the vinoolad Bummer* houso, in the garden of tho Court, that the oompaot whioh was to make thom man and wife waB sealed. Hori himBolf plaoed tho ring on Bama's finger. Then she was a littlo afraid of tho thing that sho had oonBented to. ' I am Bearoely 19, Hori ; I am only a a girl !' sho said. ' Many of our peoplo marry at that ago, as do our friendB the Europeans.' ? But a minister's wifo, Horil — it seems so strange. . . . She should bo a solemn-minded person of groat exporicnoo, and very, vory good.' ' And you, dear, will ho vory, very good ?' ' Oh, but I am not vory, very good, at all 1' ' Then you must intend to be that.' ' Will the intention sufBoo, Hori 1' ' Good intention, with honest endeavor, is all that the best of us oan claim.' ' Yes, but some peoplo in their good intentions Buoceed muoh better than I do, Hori. Do you forget that I over raised in yonr mind a doubt as to whether 1 was really a Christian ?' 1 Only a passing doubt, Bama. Of oourso yon are a Christian, but at times a littlo molined to trifle.' ' I myBelf am a trifle. I roally wondor — honestly wonder — that you should ever think of me as a wife, Hori.' ?Seriousness, and perhaps aolcmity, will oome to you in years, Bama. It is natural in ono of your years to be as you are. It is also natural in me to seek a wifo of my own people. I thank God for you and your lovo, Bama. You really do love me, little ono ?' ' Oh, yeB ; how elso oould I promise to marry you?' 'The world — the paoplo of. tho world — do find many and unworthy motives for mar riage. But with ns thore need be — there oan be — but one pute motive.' 4 Certainly you ate not rioh, and I, Hori, am really poor. I have nothing to bring you.' ' Only your love, and that ia all I ask or desire.' ' When do you go to take over your first obarge ?' ' Next week.' ' So soon ?' ' I oannot endure to be long idle.' ' I shall miss you very much.* ' So much, I trust, that you will be anxious to join me very .shortly.' Bama did not for a moment reply. Her lover held her hand, and literally pressed for a reply. It was a temporising evasion that he drew from hia love : ' What kind of a place is Paeroa ?' ' Have you never visited the Upper Thames ?' ' Never.' _ v ' Then that is a treat in store. There are few rivers in the world bo cnohanting, I should think.' ' But Paerod— it's a diemal littlo plaoo, isn't it?' ' My Bama really docs not think there is any dismal plaoe from one end of the native islands to the other ! And if Paeroa was for ever under a cloud — if no bird sang — if no stream leaped out of mountain, over pino root and boulder, to swell the torrent oi the Thames — if no flower bloomed upon its banks — if no pheasant or partridge sprang suddenly from ooppioe of fern — if no wild duok swam ita thousand pools and lagoons — if no wood-pigeon ever rustled amongst tho donso foliage of ita glorious forests — jet if you, my Bama, wore there in our little cot, to welcome my home-ooming, I would not think it dull or dismal.' ' That is quite a bit of subdued eloquence, Hori — unpremeditated, too, I am sure. I should like you to be really oloqaent, Hori, the most eloquent preaoher ot all our people.. 1 should like tho world to ring with your fame— the fame of Totara, the Maori preaoher 1' ' Far better for me, for you, for all the world should just know me simply as tho Maori who faithfully preaohod Christ and Trim orucified. That is my mission ; and woe betide me or any minister of the gospel who forgets hia master in thinking of the man.' ' Alaa, Hori, but you are so dreadfully in earnest?' ' I do not believe that very muoh good is done in the world — in the religious, the political, or any other sphere — without downright, wholesouled earnestness.' ' Tell me, Totara, do you loye God with your whole heart f ' Yes, that is my aim.' ' Then what have you left to bestow upon poor little me'!' ' A slow smile came ere any worda from Totara : ' Pardon me, little one, if I say . it was by suoh onnning questions that tho Pharisees sought to entrap Christ. If a man marry seven times who will olaim him for Busband in the next world ? We ore not asked to trouble about suoh questions. But, tell me, do you think if I love God more that I shall lovo you less? He has made it possible for us to adequately fill tho first and great commandment and yet to love one another. You do not doubt that, BamaP' (To be continued.) Bkcognibkd. — She : Who is that fright ful looking woman behind you who ia talk ing with a man f ' He : It i* my wife. She : But you have not looked round to see whom I mean I Ho : Oh, your description is enough ! Lubbabt Nora.— Judge: You are aooused of stealing six reams of paper, three gallons of ink and five gross of penB. What have you to say to the oharge ? Prisoner: Your Honour,' I am a novelist, and I was merely oolleoting material for a new atory. Jones—' I hoar your noxt door neighbours have a very good organ. Do you know how many stops it haa? Brown— Only about throe a day, and those not vory long ones. The Beotor — I hope, my dear young lady, that you have always before you somo h'gh idea, Bomo exalted type of womanhood, that you hope in time to reaoh. ' MiBa Pinherley— I havo, indeed, sir; I have always looked forward to being a bride. Mr John Morgan married on a very littlo, and the only homo ho oould offer hia wife was a room at tho top of a house; Ho wan very Bad about it, but hiB wife, who waa of the right sort, greatly ohecrod him by re marking that it was quito a Morganat(t)io marriage. 