INVOCATIONS TO TIME. A yonug lady, who Is evidently suscep tible to climatic influence, writes the fol lowing sonnet to Time:— O Time! be awlft In flight, come ta our aid! For wo are cast upon u desert Isle On which the blessed sun forgets to smile. Like ghosts we wnnder. pallid nml dismayed, Through chilling mlsti that cover hill and glade. No flowers cheers us; no sweet birds beguile The tc.ldcn- ffiotcd lioum; and all the wbllu Hough billows thunder on tho trembling stadc. Dut thou, O Time, canst lead us to a cllmo f Where even night Is lovely, nnd the day Glitters with beauty; where the rmgrant rose For very charm of life forgets to close; Where happy songsters plpo from many a sprsyL A shining summer-land! no swift, o time! The present writer In Inclined to sympa thise with the poetess. The sunless, slop py misery of a London winter certainly makes one think of "a clime where even night Is lovely." But. at this moment, while all is dull and dreary, probably folks In Australia are (raftering a night ther mometer indoors of 90deg„ and one finds comfort In the thought that the other man Is guttering Just as much, though in a different way. This apostrophe to Time recalls Shttkeapeare'a "Devouring Time! Blunt thou the lion's claws!" 'Hits inay well be the dally prayer of Dr Leyds. Tho Leicester Guardians, who wcr.- ob durate for a time in their refusal to ap point n vaccination officer In accordance with a mandamus granted nt the instance of the Local Government Board have now hauled down their pennant of defiance nnd eaten the leek of complete humilia tion. The order for a writ of attach ment against ccrtnln of them has.' there fore. been withdrawn, nnd the L.G.B. reigns paramount, without further opposi tion. Many old English servants are very proud of the fact that they have never worked for any but one master. At a "long service competition" It lias come to light that a man employed by the Ear! of Klmbcrley has been In hLs service— from "crow-frlghtener" up to "undcr-keeper"— for eighty-one years. The old chap, now eighty-nine, still potters about. Sirdar Wingate, Governor-General of the Soudan, had a daughter barn to him the day after his victory over the Khalifa. The child was christened th" other day, the Queen etnnding as godmother. It was called "Victoria Alexandria Catherine." Her Majesty forwarded a- very h ndsome diamond pendant. This tact and thought- fulness on the part of the Monarch never slumber. The notorious Makln child-murder case In New South "SVnles was brought back to memory this week by the mention of It in nn argument by counsel In another chlld-murder case now before tho Courts. A man and woman nre charged with tbo murder of nn Infant found In the Thames with a knotted string around Its neck. String similarly knotted was found In the house octipled by these people. Counsel wished to use this evidence for the prose cution, but the Judge pointed out thnt in Hie Makln ense tho bodies were found In th« back j'nrd. Here there wn# noth'ng to connect a body found in the Thnmes with tho habitation of the nccusod. Tho evid ence was not admitted. The Influenza scourge Is abating, but not before It has done Bome terrific execu tion among the best of England's great ones. The swiftness of the stroke Is ap palling. In several cases I have missed men In Ihe City for a day or two. and, on casual inquiry. Uove been astounded to hear that they had been cut ott. One of them was shockingly, sudden, enough to call forth the following:— ' Twos yesterday we smoked with him; We swapped what news we'd read; la merry mood wo Joked with him; And now bo's dead! We drank tho Mountain Dew with bint. And moments quickly sped; The hours were all too few with him— And now tic's dead I Farewell, old friend: pace to tbjr dust Within Its lonely bed; A IHtlo while, and we, too, must Llo with thee— dead. Last week tho mortality record was set down nt 20$, as against 316 for the previ ous seven days. The epidemic seems to be v travelling northwards. The City under takers say the Jews have escaped the fatal effects of this malady almost en tirely. The reason given by one of the chosen people Is that their race being a vofy nervous one, the doctor Is called, in, and the patient Is put to bed directly it nUkes Its appearance. A man who was on the steamer which took Mr Kipling to the Capo writes some Interesting notes about him. He says the great poet Is here, (hero and every where, us busy and brisk as a schoolboy, Inquiring Into everything novel or dis tinctive on the steamer. Speaking about the noldlers at the war, he remarked that he hoped Tommy would be given sortie- thing to drink. "Alcohol Is prohibited," said his friend. "What rubbish!" ex claimed Kipling. "Give them some beer; theyneed'ltr Mr John Holllngshead, who was for 18 years manager of tho Gaiety . Theatre, speaking at the Urban Club this week, gave a reason for Shakespeare's selection of the role of the Ghost In "Hamlet" for his own part on the stage. He afllrraed that the Immortal one was a practical man above all things, and therefore a man who looked after the takings. The part enabled him to do this, as ths rests between the necessary appearances are so long. j Henry Jeffries, the Eton barber, has ! just died, aged SO. He was an old Identity, well known to Etonians of several genera- | tlons, and he wus universally liked. Many a famous man has sal under him, and among them may bo counted several now resident In South Australia Everybody is doing whnt he can Indi vidually for the "War Fund, and organisa tions of nil kinds are taking It up also. This week the Princess Louise opened nn Exhibition of Works of Art at the Guild hall, which Included two pictures painted by ller Majesty the Queen, and one by the late Prince Consort, nnd the Prin cess Louise contributed a tvatereolor drawing. All the pictures were presen ted by the artists in aid of the Mansion House Relief Fund, and the whole exhibi tion was got up in twelve days from the time the Idea was first mooted by Mr J. W. Waterhouse. Sir Edward Poynter, R.A., in a speech at the opening, ex pressed the hope that some part of the funds would go to relieve those connec ted with the colonists who are lighting In South Africa. That Australian favo rite. Mrs Brown Potter, recited "Ordered to the Front." A man was convicted under the Food and Drugs Act for selling 9 deleterious compound, to wit, "chewing gum," which was not of the nature of. the article of food demanded. The defendant appealed this week, nnd showed that the gum was labelled "for chewing only. This must not be eaten." The appeal was al lowed. The questionable methods of certain Journalists who "stand In" on the suc cessful flatallon of companies came under notice this week fn a case brought against the Editor of the "United Service Ga zette, the Organ of Imperial Federation." This gentleman's nnme Is Emanuel— an unfortunate cognomen In his case. Ho published a disparaging note upon a cer tain undertaking, and then wrote to the proprietors of the concern offering to place LuO.OOO worth of their shares— pre sumably for a sufficient consideration. The Lord Chief Justice mndc some se vere remarks on the "profligate dishones ty of such men, who brought tho Press Into contempt." The printers, publish ers, and owners of the paper were mulct ed in damages of L2 each. The Salvation Army has been fined Cd for keeping a common lodging bouse without a license. The matter—which has nlrcady been referred to — may therefore be considered settled, and no doubt the L.C.C. regulations will be obeyed. A deputation headed by tho Duke of Newcastle waited upon the Archbishop at Lambeth Palace tills week and presented a petition protesting against the opinion on the matter of Incense and lights. In reply the Archbishop said he had no de sire to foist opinions of his own upon the Church of England, but on the other hand 'disestablishment wus a serious alterna tive. Apropos of a note of last week the Rev Mr Berry, of Emmanuel's, Plymouth, won't give lip the Nonconformists. The Archdeacon of Exeter was to have taken his pulpit next Sunday, but now refuses. Mr Berry says he's very sorry, but if n substitute Is not provided the Church will be. closed, as he Is going to preach at the Ebcnczcr Wesleyan Chapel. 