OUR SUNBEAM BOOKSHELF. A good book and a loving friend, Arc sunbeams over until life's end. SHELF I. "TUB TJJEASLT]?K-SKKJCEJ1S,'' by E. Kesbfi. Perhaps I cannot give you a better idea of this story, or rather hook of stories, than by letting you see for yourselves how it be gins. "This is the story of the different ways we looked for treasure, and 1 think when you have read it you will set that we were not lazy about the looking. There are some things I must tell, before I begin to tell about the treasure - seeking, because I have read books myself, and 1 know how beastly it is when a story begins, 'Alas!' said Hiidegarde, with a deep sigh, 'we must look cur last on this ancestral home' and fhen some one else says something - and you don't know for pages and pages where the home is, or who Hiidegarde is, or anything about it. Our ancestral home is in the Lewisha»>-road. It is .semi- detach ed, and has a garden, not a large one. We are the lia stables. There are six of us, besides father. Our mother is dead, and if you think we don't cure "because 1 don't tell you much about her, you only show that you do not understand people at all. Dora is the eldest, then Oswald, and then Dicky. Oswald won the Latin prize at his preparatory school-and Dicky js good at sums. Alice and Xoel are twins - they aj'« ten, and Horace Octavius is my young est brother. It is one of us that tells this story-but I shall not tell you which-only at the very end I will. While the story is going on you may be trying to guess, but 1 bet you don't." New, 1 am not going to spoil sport by telling, but 1 think you will guess after a while. ] think, too, that, the little forgetful slips of the teller of the stories only add to their effect. You may imagine that six children left pretty well t.o themselves get into scrapes. The idea that they must hunt for treasure to -"restore the fallen fortunes of the house of Dilutable"' only helps to add to the origi nality and variety of the said scrapes. At a council cf war at which Oswald suggested that thev should be highwaymen, ci" if that wouldn t- do, to rescue some one from deadly peril, "then he would tunn out to be the Prince of Wales, and he would say-'.My noble, my cherished preserver! Here is a million pounds a year. Rise Sir Oswald Bastable.'" . Alice suggested a diviiwng-rod. "You hold a st/ick in i-ou" hands, and when you come to where ther? is go-Id the stick kicks about. So you know, and you dig.'' H, O. (Horace Octavius; said "Let's be bandits!" Noel's plan was either to "print his poetry in a book and sell it, or find a Princess and marry her." Dicky called attention to an advertisement; in tlie paper "telling you that ladies and gentlemen can easily earn two pounds a week in their spare time, and to send two shillings for sample and instructions." He had another plan, he said, but, would not say till he had thought it out. Dora's idea was to dig for treasure. "Xo<; any tiresome divining-rod, but just plain digging." So, as she is eldest, digging for treasure is the (ii>t plan tried. They dug in the big roui id ilo wer-bed in the garden, and per suaded "Albert-next- door" to help. Al beit-next-door wore frilly collars and vel vet knickerbockers, aud did not particular ly want to dig; but came over the wall in resjionse to urgent, invitations to "come along," and was kept: at it. They dug down, then tunneled to the side, unfortun ately for him it was Albert-next-door's turn to tunnel When the earth, fell, but luckily he had refused in go, in head first. His uncle who had been to sea, but. now wrote books, and who understood better thau most grown-up people, had to come and dig him out. He said that in all his experience of buried treasure he had only known one coin found, and that was lial*' a-ei-ovn. .Strangely enough he found two half-crowns in tiie hole mien Albert, ne\< door, had been pulled out. Of the other stories 1 will n t say iiiiu-1'. I like- "Gciod Huntinn" when Oswald and. Noel lake Nod's- poetry to London and they made friends with a lady in the trai'4 because H. O. said "Good Hunting!" as the train started, and she said she was pleased to meet people who knew the jungle Jjook. And it turned out that she wrote poetry; tc.o. It was mentioning her name to lire editor that made him-but I said 1 was not going to tell. Noel's Princess is charming. The hunt after the witch bear (Noel), the wall with, the open door-the little girl sit ting primly in the chair. We heard her say to Noel "Who are you Noel had forgotten about the bear, and he was taking his favourite part, so ho said: "I'm Prince Camaralzaman." The funny Iktle girl looked pleased. "I thought ,afc first you were a common boy," she saii. Then she saw the rest of us and said: "Are you all Princesses and Princes too?" Of course, we said "Yes " and she said "I am a Princess also. She said it very well too, exactly as if it were true. We were verv glad, because it is so seldom you meet children who can begin to play right off without having eveiytiling explained to them. And even then they will say they are ?going to "pretend to be'' a lion, or a witch, or a king. Now, this little girl just said-? "I am a Princess." "Let's get away from the windows," said Dicky. "Jf yon play near windows, some one inside generally knocks at them and says "Don't. " The Princess had been forbidden to walk off the grass, but Dicky found some more grass behind the shrubs, with only a gravel path between, and they carried ner across so she might be able to say she had not walked, and they asked lier her name. "And she began, and when she began she went on, and on, and on, till I thought she was never going to stop. H. O. said she had fifty nanus; but DicJiy is very good at figures, and he says there were only eight een. The first were i'auline, Alexandra, Alice, and Mary was one, and Victoria, for we all heard that-, and it ended up withl Hildegarde Cunigoude something or other. Princess of something else. When she'dl done, If. O. said, 'That's jolly good! Say; it again!' and she did; but even then we couldn't remember it. They . talked, and taught her to play cross touch, and puss in the coi'ner, and tag; and she was beginning to look less like a doll when people in authority came, and the little Princess (she was a real Princess it turned out), was carried oft' kicking and screaming, but glad to find that she had played with common children for once, and they, the Bastables, went home and made dripping toast for tea. They tried being bandits, and editors, and. rescuing some one from deadly peril-that was their dog Pincher-only they had to set him on first, and the rescued party -found out and was not properly grateful, and they tried answering the advertisement, and making patent medicine, but not with sucw?s, 1 like better the story where they pretended there were burglars, and went downstairs and dashed into the study crying, 'Sur render! surrender, or 1 lire,' and there really was some one there-a man on the hearthrug with a screwdriver in his hands." You will like the children, and Albert's uncle who wrote back books and talked like them, but could pretend beautifully. Some of the scrapes are, perhaps, impossible, but the children's talk and ways ate delightful. Tiparra, August 2D. Dear Magpie-First of all. 1 must congratulate Miss Ji'dil!) I Fiizpyim-]; upon her siiccefs; but I wish there had been more competitors. Some of the books 1 have read since my last letter are "Joint Guardians," l)v K. IS. Green. It was splen did. I Jiardly think 'any one could be its perfect as Kingslcy was, and when he died it seemed only, natural that he should pass quietly and peace fully nv.iv. Lady Tempest was the only person I really disliked; she was so worldly and scheming. It was no wonder Hilda and Montague so bitterly resented lier coming. "Friends or Foes," also by 12\. K. Green, was a lovely liook; the characters were so life-like. "A World of Girls," l).v L. T. Meade, is a splendid storv of life at a boavding school. I thought Annie Forrest a splendid girl, while Hester Thornton's sneers about the "under bred girl" and her conceit rendered her rather despicable. "From Log Cabin to White House" reminds us that Lives of great men all remind us, We can make our lives sublime;' And on parting leave behinds us, Footprints on the sands of time. "A Genius Unsuspected," by E. E. Green, was a very prettv storv which I- read in a magazine. "A Forgotten'Link,'" bv M. A. Hover, was a very nice book, quite pleasant and homely. "A Shabby Genteel Storv," by W. Thackeray, was just lovely and very amusing. I have just finished reading "Marlev's Ghost," and I liked it very well. I would 'like to mention more, but feel sure that I will tire von, so I conclude. Wishing the "Book shelf" in' tlie future every success, 1 remain, yours verv sincerely, MARY CI'RliAN. We will hope that there will be more competitors for the coming competition By "AJarley's Ghost" do you not mean "The Chrihlinas Carol" by Dickens-or hits part of it been published tinder another mine: Have vou lead "Dr. Kirch and his Young Fiiends"' by Thtickeiiiy, or that dehghtiui nonsense story "l'he l\ose and the King. DO not be afraid of tiring me-wnte again about those other books. ..Porlana/ September 13. Dear Magpie-I would like to join your "Book shelf " I have read a good few books, so 1 11 (I'll vc" "f some. "Sweetheart Travellers, by S. H Crockett; 1 liked Sweetheart best, she was a dear little tiling. I have read three of Ethel Tur ner's books, "Family at Misrule,1 "Seven Little \ustnlhnis," "Miss Bobbie." Poppet was my fa voiP'if<* at Misrule, and .Judy in the "Seven Little Australian"," and in "Miss Bobbie" Suds. What a queer little fellow l.e was. Bobbie was a nice little gill. 1 read "Uncle Tom's Cabin," ljy Mrs. II U. Stowe. Eva was a nice girl. 1 liked Uncle Tom; l.etr:ei? was very cruel to him. So 1 will lirins! idv letter to a close for (bis time.-I remain. yours truly, MILLIE A. TlCl.l EH (age 12 years 2 T By ;iil moan* join thr IJooK^lieif. Ve>«. I like* all the books you mention. If you g« in for the competition on "My Favourite i kind of Book and. \\\r-ijy" I fancy your ans wer will be "Australian Stories." Is my ! guess right, or would "stories of small chil dren" be nearer the mark? By-the-way might it not have been better to say "a good many" than "a good few?" This first letter promises well-write again soon. Portana, September 13. T)ear Magpie-X am writing to ask if you would let me become a member of your "Bookshelf." I am very fond of reading, anil take a great in terest in your letters every week. "The Seven Little Australians," "The Family at Misrule," "A Little Larrikin," and "Miss Uobbie," by 15. S. Turner. 1 liked Uobbie and Suds best out of "Miss Uobbie." Wasn't Suds a funny little fel low? And how he found Bobbie out with his fowls. "Sweetheart Travellers," by S. It. Crockett. Sweetheart was a dear little girl. How she lted to like riding on the tricycle with her father. "Cood-by," by John Strange Winter, was very nice, "Vermont Vale" and "Beatrice Melton's Discipline," by Maud Jean Franc. They are lovely books. X have, only read.two of her books. "Tim's Troubles," by M. A. Paul; "Cords of Love," by M. 15. Clements; "Itab and. His Friends," by John Brown; and "A Loyal Heart," by M. Andrew. They all were very good books. "On Stronger Wings," by E. Lister. If was very iiiee. I liked Maud Meville very well, she was a "Western Aus tralian girl. "Pressing Heavenward," by Mrs. 33\. l'rentiss, is a nice book. Now, Magpie, I don't .think I have any more books worth telling you about. Oh, 1 forgot to tell you that I read the story by Ethel Turner-"The Three Little Maids" -in "The Observer." It is very nice. Now I must draw to a close. With every good wish to the. "Bookshelf," I remain, yours truly, GLAIRS T12LFEH. I am 10 years and 3 months. Certainly you may join the "Bookshelf." I am glad 'to welcome you as a new mem ber. Bo you have read "Sweetheart Tra vellers." Is it not delightful-the thorough understanding between the father and his little girl and the braezie outdoor atmos phere of it all? "Rab.and His Friends," too. You are the very first, I believe,-who lias mentioned any of Dr. John Brown's writing. Is it not a most charming, touch ing little story, and do you not love honest old jlab? Dr. Brown was always at his ?best, I think, in writing about dogs. Now. you have joined .the "Bookshelf," why not try what you can do in the next competi tion. I do so want the Shelf I. to do as .well as Shelf II. Prospect S.A., September 5. Dear Magpie-Enclosed please find my applica tion form for membership of the "Observer Read ing Club," and twelve stamps, my contribution. Although I havd not taken to solid reading jet, I Should like to be a member of the club, and read what others have to say about different books. I will not make any suggestion in regard to the club, as 1 will leave that to the older and more ex perienced .members. 1 have read several books lately, among which are:-"Grace Hamilton's School Days," by E. J. Worboise, which was an enjoyable school tale. "A New Cirl," by Mrs. Gel lie, was another good school tale. "The Wide Wide World," by IJ. T. Wetherell, I did not care for very much. "The Hunter and Trapper in North America," by W. 11. 1). Adams, was a splendid tale of adventure in my opinion. It taught me of animals I had never heard of before and gave me an insight as to how some of them were trapped and caught. Hoping our Heading Club will meet with the same success as the "Bookshelf," I re main an interested member, TH1X SOLOMON. I ain very glad indeed to hear again from my very first "Bookshelf" member, and I am sure the other "Bookshelfites" will.be too. Write again whenever yon have time. I do not want to lose touch with my first member. MAGPIE. '.11113 OHSERYEll" READING CLUB I have re-reived from Mr. Adams, Hon. Secretary of the Library Association, the following letter: ".Dear Magpie-(In October 10 next Pro fessor Morris, of the Melbourne University, will deliver a leeturc on 'Capfcaiin Flinders' in the Elder Hall of the Adelaide Univer sity. This will be in connection with the Libi .ary Association's meeting. The subject is cue that; should be interesting to tin readers whom yon are encotiraging so ad mirably to make a study' of the history of our pioreer navigators. I shall be happy to supply you with tickets for any of yoiu friends who may wish to attend this lecture. -I am, J. Pi. (3. Adams, lion. Secretary Library Association." Now, this seems to be the very thing we want "The Naval l'iioneers of Australia" is the subject for October, and to us South Australians Matthew Flinders is perhaps the most interesting, for with the exception of a few miles to the west touched by an old Dutch navigator in the 17th century, Olid tlie <?uutheiiuno.',£ part near Mount Ciambier seen by Grant, Flinders was th.? .very first to trace the coastline of what is now South Australia. Then bis own story is interesting. The energetic enthu siastic middy, who volunteered for service in Australia from love of adventure, ex plored the iit tie-known cc«st of New South \Yales and Tasmania in an open boat, and then, when he had had command of a ship, traced the southern and northern coasts, and been wrecked, he tried to reach Eng land in a small vessel, but had to put' in to Mauritius, and was then held prisoner for years. I am sorry the country members cannot share in th/is, but if any Reading Club mem bers or Bookshelf members who wish to go will send in their names to me I will pro cure tickets for them. MAGPIE. 