The Next Pope. FROM THE CELL OF THE BARE- FOOT MONK. TO THE PAPAL THRONE. Pope Leo XIII, was 90 years old on the 2nd March last. He himself con- templates with absolute calmness the end which cannot be long delayed, and has even thought of his successor. The cable recently announced , that when the Pope was performing the ceremony of opening the holy door at St. Peter's Cathedral, by which the jubilee year was begun, he remarked to those around him . "I thank Divine Providence for granting rae the grace of being able to celebrate this great function, and I wish for my successor graudeur aid a long reign to the greater glory of God. My successor will be young, as com- pared with my own age, and will have Cime to see many glories of the Papacy and the church." The Pope clearly indicated his suc- cessor. His choice has fallen upon Cardinal Jerome (or Girolamo) Maria Gotti, who is a barefooted Carmelite monk. It does not necessarily follow that Cardinal Gotti will succeed Pope Leo, any more than it necessarily fol- lowed that Martin Van Buren would succeed Andrew Jackson in the Presi- dential chair merely because the latter '^esägnated" him. ¿But Pope Leo's preference in such a matter must carry great, almost- preponderating, weight. The majority of the present College of -Cardinals were chosen by Pope Leo. He knows their sentiments on the sub- ject of bis Own successor, and he may be assumed to have deliberated before he expressed himself definitely with reference to the next occupant of the chair of St. Peter. In thus preferring a member of the Sacred College the Pope has but followed clearly defined precedent, although, of course, the Cardinals are not compelled by any law of the church to obey any intima- tion of thé sort. There is no doubt of Leo's action, whatever may be said of the form of words in which the papal desire, was expressed. The Pope would not, naturally, categorically place himself on record in so delicate a matter, but he has means of conveying his wishes to the Sabred College in such terms that no misunderstanding is possible. And this he has done. Jerome Maria^ Cardinal Gotti, is, as was to be expected of Leo's succes- sor, an Italian. He was born at Genoa on March 29, 1834, His EXTREMELY HUMBLE ORIGIN might have hindered his rise in the church but for the pious fervor and amiability of ' his disposition. His father was a dock laborer in the city of the future Cardinal's birth. The young Gotti seems to have in- herited his devotional tendency' from his mother. Thanks to her and to the' interest of some friends of hers, the youth was enabled to prosecute his studies at Geneoa, at Borne, and, it would appear, at Petra. At any rate, he applied himself in the seminary to moral theology with avidity from the moment he received his tonsure. This department of patristic lore he has ; practically made his own. He is deemed one of the greatest living au- thorities on probabilist theology or the body of . precept associated with the name of St. Liguori. Aa a Tho- mistic scholar Cardinal Gotti also ranks high, being surpassed in this respect, if at all, only by Cardinal Satolli. But Cardinal Gotti has never con- cerned himself with theological theo- rising as such. He stands rather as a student and follower of the moral law. Hence his name is identified with the religious party in the Sacred College as opposed to the political school. The religious party looks mainly to che moral worth of its candidate from the point of view of ASCETIC PIETY AND PRACTICE, while the other element takes into ac- count a Pope's political ability and statesmanship. Gotti in his priestly calling attached himself to the Carmelite body. This order of mendicant friars is not only very rigid in some of its branches, but it has. peculiar attractions for those of devotional tendency. Thus, one branch of the order is famed as the barefooted brethren. Long before hus selection as Archbishop of Petra Friar Gotti was known as an ascetic of as- cetics. He lived on the coarest and simplest fare, .dispensed with shoes and spent weeks at a time in the seclusion of the monastery. His Carmelite brethren were the first, naturally, to discern the merit? of the man, and he was gradually promoted in the order until he was at the head of his own priory. He studied, taught, preached and practiced for twenty years, how- ever, in comparative obscurity. The inauguration of Leo's pontificate brought him within a wider sphere of ration. The new Pope installed him at the Vatican, where he confirmed the favourable impression created by his past life. Gott's great interest in thc devotional and purely religious aspect of the work of the church led to his connection with thd Congregation of Indulgences and Sacred Relics ; but before this the Pope had determined to send him abroad on a mission. It is usual in the church to intrust to a rising ecclesiastic the delicate and dif- ficult negotiations of the Vatican with foreign powers. Should this eccle- siastic render the church any distin- guished service in the performance of his allotted task he is usually re- warded with A CARDINAL'S HAT. The work intrusted to Friar Gotti, who had by this time been raised to the episcopacy, was in connection with the distracted state of the church in Brazil.. The abdication of Dom Pedro, the radical legislation with regard to religious liberty that ensued and the undisciplined condition of the native clergy presented a serions problem to the Vatican. Archbishop Gotti was instructed to proceed to the new re- public in the capacity of internuntius and to restore harmony. The success attending his efforts resulted in the creation of the Genoese as a Cardinal at the consistory held on November 29, 1S95. For some years past Cardinal Gotti has held the post of prefect of the Congregation of Indulgences and Sacred Belies. In this capacity he is supreme authority, under the Pope, in the matter of settling all doubts and , difficulties concerning indulgences and relics, correcting abuses relating there- i to, forbidding apocryphal, false or in- i discreet indulgences, examining relics. newly discovered and the like. The importance of his offiee may be gauged ] from the fact that general indulgences, even if obtained directly from Pope Leo himself, are null and void, unless a copy of such concession be deposited with Cardinal Gotti's congregation. The election of Pope is perhaps the most j IMPRESSIVE AND INTERESTING CERE- MONIAL that can take place in the world. The Roman ceremonial preterí bes that as soon as the Pope is dead all the officials ara to leave the palace except the Car- dinal Camerlengo. As soon as he has declared the Pope to be dead the secre- taries bring the ring of the Fisherman and the seal oj the deceased pontiff to him and he breaks them with a ham- mer. The secretary. of the -Sacred College sends notices to all absent car- dinals informing them of the death of the Pope, and without any formal sum- mons they hasten to the election. On the morning of the eleventh day after the Pope's death the Cardinals gather in the Basilica of St. Peter and the Cardinal Dean there celebrates the Mass of the Holy Ghost. After this is finished, while the Veni Creator is being sung, they proceed to the con- clave in the Vatican palace. The laws concerning the election are read to them and the Cardinals promise under oath to observe them. Once having entered the conclave they cannot leave until after the elec- tion of the new Pope. If a Cardinal should become ill he cannot return, nor can he have any voice in the election. The windows of that part of the Vatican palace set part for the conclave are walled up. and all doors leading to the conclave are likewise closed, except' one, which h> doubly locked and only opened to permit a sick Cardmal to leave or one who comes late to enter. Food and whatever else may be neces- sary is introduced through a turning box, which is also doubly locked. Each Cardinal is assigned to a cell by lot, and over the cell is placed his coat-of arms, covered with green serge or with purple if he has been created by the deceased Pontiff. The election of the Cardinal Sover- eign Pontiff may be accomplished in three ways : By quasi inspiration, by compromise, or by voting, which in Latin is called scrutinium. That elec- tion by quasi inspiration may be valid it is necessary that af ter the conclave has begun every Cardinal unanimously and at once should agree on the same person without any previous delibera- tion on the subject. An election by compromise occurs when the Cardinals commit the right of choosing the Pope to a few of their body. As soon as these persons make a choice the one chosen is validly elected Pope. This method of election is rare, and that by the quasi- inspiration is still rarer. The usual method is by * THE SCBUTINTUM, OE BALLOT. Before the voting begins three Car- dinals are chosen by lot to act as tellers. A large vase on the alter of the chapel serves as a ballot box, and near to it is a form Of oath which each Cardinal takes before he votes. The oath is-"I call upon God, who will be my judge, to witness that I choose the person whom before God I judge ought to be elected, and that I will do the same in the accession." When at last some one of the candi- dates has received two-thirds of the votes his name is declared, the junior Cardinal Deacon rings a bell and the master of ceremonies and the secretary of the Sacred College enter the chapel. The Cardinal Dean, with two others, approaches tbe Cardinal elected and asks him if he accepts the papacy. He asks the new Pope what name he i« tends to take and the secretary records it. The Cardinal deacons conduct the new Pontiff behind the high altar, where he puts on ; THE PONTIFICAL VESTMENTS. He is then placed before the high altar, where, se¡ ted in the chair of state, he receives the salutations of the Oardinals. Each one kisses his foot, his hand and his mouth, the Cardinal Cameri engo places on his finger the ring of the Fisherman, which the Pontiff then gives to the master of ceremonies to have his name engraved on it. Then the first Cardinal deacon, preceded by the musicians and the choir, singing " Ecce Sacerdos Magnus,'' goes to the balcony ever the entrance to the palace to declare to the people the election of the Pontiff. "I announce to you a great joy. We have as Pope the Most Eminent and Most Reverend-, Cardinal of the holy Roman Church, who has taken the name of The most important question just now is as to the policy of the Pope's successor. Will he follow the policy of Pope Leo ? The long struggle that has been going on between the Pope and the Italian Government will hardly cease at the death of the present Pontiff, and his successor must be a man ready to cope with all the difficul- ties sure to arise. It is because of these conditions that those who under- stand the situation declare that it must be an Italian (Jardinai who will be announced as the next Pope by the conclave. ' "? ' ..» Notwithstanding the princely dig- nity and tiie still more princely pros-' pee ts of Cardinal Gotti, he remains in the sol it ode of his household at 51 Foro IVaino, Rome, AS HUMBLE A CARMELITE AS 13VER. The rule of his order, as practised by him in its ancient severity, is very strict. When the Pope bade him doff ; the Carmelite's cloak for the Cardinal's cassock the Genoese was forced to mitigate many of his monkish rigors. i But in his own household the Cardinal ! adheres to them stilt i The Cardinal, in the event of his I election to the papacy, will not be the first Carmelite to occupy the pontifical throne. The order claims two Popes of the early church-St. Telesphorus, A.D. 139, and St. Dionysius, A.D. 269. The reigns of these pontiffs, however, belong to so remote a past in church history that little can be said of them with certainty. Cardinal Gotti's pon- tificate, assuming that he is to have one, would oceur in a totally different period in Christian annals. His name may fairly be expected to remain more dtstincly in the minds of men than those of his Carmelite .predecessors, if only for the reason that every act of his would be faithgully recorded and could be made known in a twinkling all over the civilised world. 