J! ME CHRISTMAS I MOONLIGHT, | COMPLETE STOSY71 . ' BY IZA DUFFUS HARDY, A M "T! 1 1iouiunco of tho Rear C.i-\\.' '« L-l- U ry Ilosc," tea., tc 0. corvnioitT J HO would over think it was Christmas Eve P ' Baid Holen Dal- r y in p 1 e, s w a v 1 11 a with Sul tan e squc languor and luxury inlierroek- ing chair outhesoutli piazza, looking at the orange trees bend- ing beneath their burthen ot ruaay-npc golden fruit, the tail slim pines, the graceful "yellow pines" of the south, their feathery crowns of foliago traced in delicate pencilling against the burning azure of a sky almost toe . vivid in its light and colour. ' It was only the hour ufter early breakfast, yet the sun beams already poured in a broad level blaze on the piazza, and dunoed in a dazzle of dia monds 011 the lake, that was as pure a blue as the shining sky. It wus iis fair a scene as the eye could desire, yet Helen spoke with a sort of in voluntary sigh. "Who would ever think it was Christmas Eve?" "Isu't it lovely?" said lior'sister Mary, with smiling content. Sweet Mary Weston, happily married and settled in this fair Florida home, had ceased to sigh for her iiutivo lund. " Yes, it's lovely, if onlv one didn't see so much of it ! But what I sliould like to see now would be frost nnd snow or even a good thick yellow London fog !" "I'm afraid even John aould not oblige you with that here, though I think ho is not very far behind tho French king (which one was it ?) who had the ground covered with salt when the lady of llis heart conceived a pcrverso desire to go sloigliing in summer." " John spoils me, and I'm afraid he's not tho only one that does," rejoined Helen, srail- jig and stretching out her haud to her sister. " I don't think we've spoilt you, Nell ! " said Mary Weston, patting the pretty hand. " But I think John would, if he could." "He is very good," the younger sister said, loss lightly. " Ho is ! " Mrs. Weston agreed emphati cally. " And you are very fond of him, aren't you ? " with a touch of anxiety which site did not intend to betray, but which was plain as the sun in the heaven to Helen's quick perception. " Yes, I am," she answored sincerely ; "I should bo very ungrateful if I wasn't 1 But I do wish ho would tiike me home for a honeymoon trip ! " she added, with only half-playful petulance, " Everybody goes to England on their bridal trip." " Not everybody, dear." " Well, everybody who can afford it, end John can afford anything he likes!" " But, you see, it is John's business keeps hint hero." "Oh, yes, I know.- I dare say it seems just a perverse fancy of mine, like longing for a sleigh ride in summer, for snow in this sunny south." "I'm afraid, dcur Nell, you get a littlo homesick sometimes." "Do I, Mary?" with a curious smile. " You think so ?" "I am afraid so. sometimes, dear. But you'll settle down all happily und comfortably when once you are married and in your own home." " Yours has been home to mo, Mary !" " And you have helped to mnko it a real home to tno. I might have felt a little strange and fur-away even with Fred, if it had not been for you. And now I must go and help Chloe make the cukes." " And I'll oome and do tho mincepies," said Helen cheerfully. " No, 110, Nell ; I won't have you getting tired and flushed over the stove ; John will he coming soon." " Poor, dear Mary ! " said Helen to her self, as her sister hastened away on household cares intent. " She only thinks I atn home sick. If she only knew how tired I am of oranges und piuctrees ! And she's so anxious, poor dour, to bo assured that I am really fond of John ! Dear, good John ! the only thing I'm afraid of is that ho is too good for mo ! But I shall be able to make him happy, I think. Anyhow, I'll do my best. And I'm sure I shall be happy with itim, as happy as any woutatt can expect to bo, after the first . dream is over !" She sighed its her thoughts went hack to that " first dioatii." "Walter," she murmured. "Poor Waller ! If he hud lived !" Visions of another Christmas rose before her. Walter was helping her to put tip the ltolly. Tltey two were lingering over their gilod-night in the hall. He was folding a wrap round her us she went out into the chill of the white wintry night with hint to look at the snow glittering in the moonlight. Oh, for that " wliito Christmas" of four years ago! "My poor hoy! My poor boy!" Helen suid softly to herself. " To think that the cold, cruel sea, the deep, dreadful sea, rolls over his head ! and that 110 one, no one, will ever, ever know the truth !" She shuddered and clasped Iter hands, and the bright colours of the sunny Iundscitpo grew dim to her eyes. But when John Armstrong, her stalwart lover, cuine, the smile wus ready to greet him on Iter' lips. She was very fond of John, and the past wus past ; the present, though it did seem a little dull sometimes, a little pale and tame beBide that poor dead past, and yet full of hope ; thanks to .Toliu! Sheltered by his love, surely she would he sufe from the Btiug of memory, oven from the insidious gnawing of homesickness. Ho was so strong, it gave her a satisfying sense of pro tection and safety to be with Itim. Ho had te muscles of a gladiator, and yet, with ull his rough, uncultivated wuys, the gentleness of a woinnu. Helen loved the mingling of half rough force and revere.-it tenderness about him, nnd ofton assured herself that she really loved him very much, though she was not very lavish of protestations or caresses — . Which indeed were not muoh in Helen Dal- qymplc's way. ' John was English, too. Perhaps, if he had not been her coinputriot, he might have found his Helen -harder to win. There were matiy English settled in this par t of Florida, but 1 few as fortunate as John Armstrong. Everything ho touched scented to prosper, and now in winning Holen's troth ho had won his orowning fortune — his heart's desire. His sun-bronzed and somewhat rugged- featured face wus Beaming, as ho drew his chair as olose us it could be drawn to hers, and took possession of her hand and felt the Blender fingers rest in llis big palm as if it were their homo. " Do you know, darling, this is the hap piest Christmas I've over had ? " ho said. "Since you wore a boy!" she rejoined, laughingly. " But you don't know anything about mo when I was a boy? " be demurred, smiling tn happy response. " Oh yes, I know that you wore very muoh like other hoys ! You were happy when to stuff yourself with mincepies olid plum pudding, and pull crackers uud play snap dragon, was your highest ideal of happiness ! And you wero happy when you kissed' the girls under the mistletoe ! " "But novor half so happy as now that I Ha kiss my girl without tbe mistletoe ! My own girl ! No, darling, there's not a soul in sight! Yon arc my own girl, aren't you? Helen, darling, what" would you like to do to keep our Christmas to-morrow? Shall wo have a drive in tho evening and a picnic supper in the wouds by moonlight ?" " A moonlight piettic on Christmas uight ! Oh, John, whore is your sense of the fitting?" John looked puzzled. "I want to do anything that would please you, dearest. Whut would please yon?" " Oh, I don't know. Perhaps a good old- fashioned English frost, or a London fog, or \- a., sloigh-rido !" recalling her conversation with her sister. " Nothing I can givo y 011?" he said, with a shade of disappointment. " John, dear, you're too good!"sho said, with a sudden gush of tenderness. " I don't deserve that you should get me anything ! Mary said to mo just now that alio thought I was a littlo home sick — and I suppose that's just wliat I am ! Oh, John, couldn't we go home in spring on a littlo honeymoon trip ?" "I'm nfriiid not, darling ; perhaps some tuno, but not now. Holen, can't, you bo happy here? Yon know I'll do nil I can." " Indeed I do know it, you aro the host and dearest of old Johns!" she answered, more lightly, with her sweetest smile. "Helen," ho said, after n thoughtful pause, in wliioli llis gonial face had grown grave, " do you know that. I feel end some times, fearing that tliu lifehore won't content you, tlint you'll he thinking of England as homo!' And I wonder sometimes whether, it isn't because it was in England tlint — that you romombsr you told mo, darling, bles- yottr truthful transparent soul, that wouldn't keop any 'secret from mo, iny swootlieart ! tlint_there was — sotno 0110 you — liked there- some one who is dead." " Need wo talk of him ?" said Helen moro coldly. "No, no, darling, not if it linrts you ! But it hurts me to think that thcro's a pain in that memory still ! I'd like to tako all puin, ull trouble, from you, even any pain of fltn niiaf I TM rlrriYtT flm ofivn rnirt tnutr memory if I could P" " No memory can sting me very sharply while I have you, John," she answered with an impulse of self-reproachful, half remorse ful tenderness. "And I won't givo way to home sickness any moro if it gives you the least bit of pain ! Don't trouble yourself. Tohn, about tho ghost of yesterday ! To- uorrow is yours !" " Ajtd to-day? " ho urged. " Is to-day— livided ? Or is it all mine ? " " I think it looks as if it wero all yours," she said, softly, ns ho kissed her. " Let yester day rest, John, lest with the last year's -mows in England ! And lot ns go ana pick oranges to-day ? And tliore are some gtiavus still. I should like somo for lunch. "We never see them at home except in jolly, do we ? After all, there aro somo good thing's in the sunny south ! " sho added, with a lapse into hor old, light, luttghing tone. " There aro guavas, nnd grape-fruit, and you ! " John Armstrong wen' away happy. One thing ouly now troubled him, ho could not make up his mind what to give Holen for a Christmns present. Blundering fellow that he was ! lie reproached himself, not to havo thought over it before. He went to tho best jeweller's in Giraldit, tho nearest large town, where, having but little time to spare, and being unable to mnko up his mind in hasto 011 the spot, I10 ordered a selection of choice trinkets to be sent to his rooms, for his leisurely inspection. Every one in Giralda knew John Armstrong, and there was 110 difficulty made about entrusting tho jewels to his care. He was looking in tinxious cogitation front the contents of one velvet-lined case to another, us thoy wero set out before him 011 the table, when there wus u tap at the door, und tbo negro "bell-boy" announced, ' Mr. Lawrence, salt, wants to know of ho kin see you." " Why, certuiuly. Show Mr. Lawrence up. Come in, Lawrence, glad to soo you, and a merry Christinas to 3-011, my dear fellow !" "Thosnmoto you! I seo I needn't ask how you aro !" said the visitor, glanoing at John Armstrong's healthy brown face. " Oh, I'm all right — right as a trivet ! And you ? how have 3-011 been ? All right too, I hope? Grove flourishing ?" «» ou"'0 vuiuu Giralda on n littlo business, and you'ro the fifst person I've looked up." ' That's light, that's all right !" said Arm strong, heartily, " I've been thinking of ruti- ning down to Tampu, and thon I'd have beon the one to look you up, hut I've had my hands full lately ; it's been a busy time, though it's not boon all business 1 You've just come in tho nick of tirno now, to give me 3-0111 help and advice. I was just muddling my bruin over these things," jerking his head towards tlic display 011 the table. " Which do you think's the— the h'-st of the lot ? Tho — tho most likely to — suit a lad3'P" Armstrong was stammering and the colour rose in his bronzed oheek. "A lady? Ah!" said Lawrence, with a smile. " f lcasure as well as business been keeping you about hero, I see?" " Yes, yon see, woll, the fact is, I'm going to ho married." " Heartiest congratulations, old fellow ! The youug huty's luoky — that I know! and so are you, I hope 1 " " I just 11111 ! " said Armstrongempliatieally. " Wait till you see her ! " " When she will be wearing one of these, I expect ! " suggested Lawreuce. He was a younger iiiun than Armstrong, fairer and of slighter build, with tt tawny heard, honest, kindly blue eyes, a plcusuut, though rather ad, smile, uud a generally rather grave, 1 lioughtful expression. He was sympatheti cally willing to holp tho perplexed lover in his choice of a gift, wliioh wus fortuuuto, us poor John had not muoh taste, and was sorely bewildered in his contemplation of the "cm- burrus do l-ichesses" that lay before liiin. "Now this — this is something out of the common, eh?" lie suggested, hut hesitat ingly, as deferring to Laivreneo's better jiidgiuunt, pointing to a ueeklaco of alligator's iuulii mviHuiy bus 1,1 gum. \jr 1111s now r indicating heart-shaped ornament almost big enough to wear us a shield, and adorned with n true lover's knot studded with jowolB of all the colours of tbe rainbow. " Do you think alligators' teotli quito a pretty thing to. clasp round a girl's throat? " Lawrence demurred. "Ana isu't this u trifle — just a trifle showy? " John's countenance fell. "She likes everything dainty and deli cate, ' ' ho suid. " How about this?" said Lawrence, taking up 1 i simple but eostty necklet of a singlo- string of exquisitely matched pearlB. It wus Armstrong's turn to demur. " Don't pearls moan tears?" ho rejoined. "Ah? You wouldn't risk giving lior those ?" suid the 3'oungor man, with a sniilo that ended in a short, quicks-stifled breath like a sigh. "No, I wouldn't," said Armstrong, uotio- ing his frier '00k with an instinot of fellow-focliiq You wouldn't either, would you, .1. ,-.u, if you wore choosing — something for somebody?" "No, I suppose I should be superstitious, too. But there's nobody — now 1 and I've had all tho .superstition and fanoy and romance prott3> well knocked out of me." "Thoro's nobody now," Armstrong re peated his words. "There," he added, dolioately and hesitatingly, " there was some body once, then ?" " Once I" Lawrence eohoed, looking down at the poarl neeklnce. When the olioice wus finally raudo of a slender gold bruoelet with u four-leaved shamrock in diumonds ("All women liko diumonds," tho two men hud agreed), tho comrades sat down with a pipe and glass, and then Armstrong referred, in his frankly sympathetic, if blundering way to Lawrenoo's Into admission. " I'm afraid 1113- — my asking you about that," nodding towards the bracelet, "recalls things to you ! ' ' "They haven't got far to ho recalled, they lie near tho surface," tho younger mun replied, gloomily. "There was somebody, und it — it — didn't come to anything ? " Armstrong ventured, his heart softened hy his own happiness, his sympathy too sincere to he intiu-ive. I Lawrenco paused a inuinout, then sum, abruptly : "She thinks I'm dead, at least I hop? she does. ' She's fur uwtiy— I shall novor seo lu-r again. But somehow Christiuus nlwav- m-ikcs me think of old days." Armstrong nodded in silent comprehension Lawrence paused a moment, then added wilii almost hiit-sh abruptness : "Look hero, Armstrong, I've often thought of telling you. I was very near it moro than onee, when 3-011 were such a good chum to me at Oeiilii. Tho fad is. I — I luft England under 11 cloud ! M3' vety mime — woll, it's 1113' own, for I was christened Lawrenco as my second name, hut. it's not my truisur- ntimo. There arc others of us hero who have come out of tho W113-, as I did, hut not many shadowed by 11 cloud as black us mine." "What was it, my boy?" asked Jolm Armstrong, fraternal-. "Oil, I've not bolted from the law," Lnwreuco saiil quickly. " I staml clear of that, I think. But it's the suspicion, ok which I feel I shall never ho clear. ' ' " She suspected — believed ill of you?" "God bless her — 110. She declared she had faith in me. But 110 one else had. I couldn't ask her to many me under u aloud, to take my name with the stain on it. I came abroad to live it down, and the ship in which I'd taken my passage was wrecked — you remember the disuster of tlio Columbia? I was supposed to havo been on beard ; 1113- name was in til - list of lost. But at tho lust minute an accident had prevented my sailing. No one knew at home that. I had not sailed. They all bolievn that I went down -with the Columba and the rest of her unlucky pas- songors and crow." "And slio believes it. too?" "She must, whut else can she think? It is bettor so. I dooided not to write and tell her I was safe." " She may be grieving — mourniug fory ou," suggested Armstrong. " For n time — yes. But it is best as it is — for her. She is young ; tho thought of _mc 011 her bright girlhood than the thought of my death. I would novor have married her unless I could give her a stainless mimo. .Sin- will be happier, not knowing. She believed me innocent — that is my comfort.. Let her beliovo me dead, for her own peace." " It's a sad state of things," mused Ann- strong. "And what — what was the— " he hesitated for a time — "tho trouble, " he finished. "They culled it murder — 1111 ugly word, iin't it ? But whutever it was. I had no hand in it. If any man ki-le.1 Philip Stretlon, it was liotl !" "Philip Strottou !" John Armstrong started. His back win to tho light,, so Lawrence could not soo how llis healthy- colour pilled. "Yes, you remember the case, 1 seo ? I own it did look black against mo. Ho was my cousin, and I his heir — though it would lutvo been the other way round, he would havo been my lieir. and I should Imvo stood in his shoes, it my grandfather had not made tin unfair will. 1 had been imprudent— 1 was in a little difficulty — and I was foolish enough to ask Philip for a loan, only an ad vance for three mouths. He said things thutuut uie. There wus a soreness between us, I own, but I would never have injured u hair of his head. You remember, perhaps, liow I was arrested, remanded — all the miserable story ? Thoro was not evidence enough nguiost 111c to send tho case for trial, but there was enough to make people believe me guilty — to make me feel a pariah and an outcast — to make me east aside my father's uamo as a turnislmd and luioleau thing — to drivo mo into exile here, a- a dead man, dead to his own lund and his own people." " It's a sad business, " said Armstrong, his voice strangely husky. " I remember hearing of it." A pause; then ho added: "But, Lawrence, I say, old chum, aren't you per haps a bit over-sensitive about people — suspecting you ?' ' "Over-sensitive! When I've seen wuuion turn aside to avoid rooogiiismgmo — when the very children have started at 1110 as if I wore a wild beast ! But there, talking of it can't tnend matters." He filled his glass hastily ; his band shook as he raised it to llis lips. John Armstrong's brimming glass stood untouched by his side. xxuoiuer Jcttocic ui cue ueor, anu tne entrance of a second visitor— this time a genial and somewhat boisterous oue, to wish the compli ments of the season, interrupted the conver sation, rather to tho relief uf both Armstrong und Lawrence, und it was much to the host's relief when buth his visitors departed. Left alone at last, he stood by the window deep in troubled thought, staring- out ucruss the rough sandy road with eyes that could iiot see. "I uever dreamt of this," ho said to him self, his lips framing the words without sound, as men who have lived much alone often get the habit of communing with them selves. "This comes of shirking, or trying to shirk. One can't shirk u thing — it will follow one. If it wero not for Helen, now. It's plain enough — tho thing to do. It stures mo iu the face. But Helen, who trusts mc. I must think of hot- first. Yet that hoy. He's been wronged enough. He wouldn't marry his girl with a stained name. Can I muny my girl with a stained con science? His girl in England stuck to him. Maybe mine would stick to me. Would she, though ? It's an ugly story to tell her. Still, if she's got grit enough to stand it ? She doesn't look like one that would weaken and wilt uwuy from a muu becuu.se of some thing in his past — though it -does look rather a black business. I'll see. I'll sound her. God forgive me 1 I'm a coward whore she's concerned. I see the right thing plain enough. But I can't — I cuu't. No, she's my all 1 I can risk the losing hoi- !" Helen wus sauntering in the orange-grove in tho moonlight alone. She was glad to be alone, fur soinoliow this Christmas Eve sho wus haunted by memories of that other Christmas with Walter four years ago ! That pust was dead und buried, hut its ghost walked sometimes. Two lines of 'a poemBhe hud onee heard recitod kept running in her head : — " Pray for the oue beloved, wherever I10 may lit, Iu tho hush of tho Christinas midnight ho will uppeur to thee 1 ' ' How still the night wus 1 Grove and wood and lake seemed to be sleeping in silence. The mcoubeuius bathed tbe fuir lundscupe in a silver sea of light, yet left un- ponetruted the dusky mysteries of shadow iu the deeps of " the dark browed trees." She thought of that " white winter " in Eiigluud, and the ghost of the buried past walked in the southern moonlight. Wus unything olso stirring, too ? Wus that a stop ? Did a shudow move ? Could it be John ? But John never came that way- through tho grove. If it should be a trump, and Bho so far from the house ? Tho moving shadow gathered sliaoo und substance, stepped out from the durkiiess of the bordering trees, und the moonlight fell full upon his faco. Helen stopped with u start. Who — whut — wus it? The moonlight was well-nigh bright ns day. The face, the figure tlint stood out. cleur iu those pure uiidazzling beams, the very g-sture with which the 111011" paused at sight of her, all hud lieen familiar to her once ! Wus it a ghost ? Were the lilies that hud been riugiug in her mind prophetic ? " In the hush of the ChriBtinus midnight he will uppear to thee." Ho, too, had paused ut sight of the girl's slim white-robed figure : he started us one thunder stricken its lie looked upon her face, pale und pure iu the colourless blaze of the semi-tropical moonlight, for while sho stared, dumb with doubt uud amazement, 011 tho dead alive, ho looked ou the living, lost to him, whom he had deemed five thuiisuud miles u way 1 He was tho fiidt to fiud his voice. "Helen, Holen? You— here!" Ho stretched out his hand ; it wus warm with life ns it touched hers, strong with living liuuiuu strength us it clasped her cold and trembling fingers. "Walter, Walter ! Aro you alive? I thought— I hoard— yh, \Yv huvu ull mourned I you ui deud," . ; . .. 1 J uii a rxiiiisuuug, uuii ring the uhoauu braccl. t that was to be bis Christinas gift, ! was ou his way to seo his beloved, but not ' with the qniok, assured stop of tho happy lover. He lagged and took tho longest way. lie might, havo suid, if lie bad been given to quoting Shakespeare, " Oh, full of scorpions is my mind." Thoy- hit and stung, those snakes and tempted to siluuoc, prompted him with subtle sophistrios "for Helen's sako." Was not his first duty to sput'o hor puin? Yet ho knew that if he yielded to tho tempta tion. lie should fo ri himself to tho lust day of bit life a di-s|ii<iab!e sinner. For till this day li'i hail not realised what ho had dono, hut now, if ho kept, silence still, ho would ho sin ning with bis eyes open. Still could be dare trust Helen with tho ti-u--.li, at. t-lie risk nf seeing her shrink from him. turn cold to him. perhaps tako liorsolf our. of his life. O11 tho otlior hand, it was possible that slio might not fail him ! Sho might prove hoi-Holf bravo and loyal in the crucial hour. Ho folt I10 did not know Helen ilioiuiiahly. She wus it sweet roso, "set with little wilful thorns." Ho could not toll bow far her protty littlo waywardness and girlish caprices wore moro ripples on the sui-f.-iue, what dupths of lovo and faith and courage might not lio in tho depths beneath. While she sauntered 011 slowly, deep in thought, his footfall soundless on tho loose, sandy soil, lie heard a vuico on tho other side of the slender friugo of trees that bordered the grave. Not Helon's voice, ho laid novel- hoard that toqo in it. And yet it was liko hors — that voico with tho tender rhriil, the throb and pulse of living passion, of wliioh lio had never known it capable. ".Waller — Walter after nil tlioso years!"- "My darling, my darling!" murmured the man's voice, sliakon and liusky, but Luwronce's voice. John Armstrong inado a noiseless step forward, looked out of tho shadow wliioh conceuled him from tlicir view, mid saw Holen, his , bride- oleot, clinging to Lawrence, liis arm round her, her \- 11 cu iipiuteu 111 tue uioonugnt to nis. For tlio moment thoy lmd forgotten nil t.l 10 world hut each other. Sho liud forgotten John, uud ho tlio stain upon his 11111110, tho cause of his cxilo. Sho was first to remember tho barrier. "Oh, Wultor, no— no ! Lot mo go 1 I must tell you — I am not free !" " Is it you, then — you who woro onguged to Armstrong ?" "Yes. He is tho host and truest of men," with 11 sob in hor voice. " Walter, now that wo have mot, it can only bo lo part." John Armstrong heard no more. Hud he not been standing thcro as if stricken to stone, paralysed, he would not have beard so muoh. Ho turned with 11 groping, staggoring ges ture, like a man roofing, blinded, beneath u stunning blow, vet careful that 110 sound of his going should startle them 11s he went, uud loft them there tugethor. The moonlight- flooded landscape was black to him ; ho seotned to ho groping his way through great dark ness, his face set from tho house towards which liis steps had boon bout. How could he faco Helen now ? : It wus Helen whom ho bad wrouged ; it was Helen whom ho had robbed 'of her love, albeit nil unwittingly. Ho had thought of Lawrence's unnamed lovo lis far off, iu tho old country. But tliore was no fur-itwuy girl in England — it was Helen, lioro 1 For her dcur sake he had thought of keep ing tho Eilouco that would liavo seuled tho sentence of exilo from homo and love on Lawrence — and Lawrenco wus tho man sho lovod. Yet slio would beep hor faith with him. She had siiid it herself 1 And Lawrence would not olaim lier so long as tho stain of suspeuted erimo clung to his namo. John Armstrong saw that ho could hold her still ! It was Christmas Duy ; tho sun shone ou tho ovorgrooit pines and tho glossy foliage of tho oraiigo treos and tlioir golden fruit, and .-ky and lake were one monotono of radiant azure. John and Helen were walking iu the grovo, and botli wero tnoittirn and ill-at- eitse. "Holen, my girl," ho said breaking a long silence us they drew near the spot where sho and Walter had met last niglit, " I had been thinking what I could got you for a Christinas present, wondering what would please you tirst. JViKi 1 tounu out, lust night." "Last night? But you didn't como last uiglut ?" "Yes, I cuiiio, Helen. I curao. I cams this way," pointing to tho border of trees, "und I was hero. I saw — I heard." Helen started, and tho colour rushed to her face, then obbing. loft it deadly p ile. But though sho was dismayed, she did not blench. She wus too proud to quuil us guilt might quail . Rutlier, there was eveu a touoh of reproach in her tone as she auswered, " You were here, John? You heard?" " By accident." His blown chock flushed now. " I heard only a few words. I hurried away. You don't think that I'd plu3r eavesdropper ou purpose, Helen ?" ' No, no, John ! But if 3-011 heard U113'- thing, I wish 3-00 hud heard ull 1 Yuti would have im lcrstood that I — I was startled, taken hy surprise. I had never dreamt that he, Walter, was living, when I — when 3'ou — " she hesitated painful', 3'et not 11s one abashed or ashamed — then added, "never until lust night!" " 1 know, I know, my bruyo true-hearted girl!" I10 said. "You're not to blame— you've been straight and square." "Anil lie," she interposed, hastily. "And ho too," Jolm Armstrong rejoined, "he did not know. Nor I, Helen, do me justice, too ! I did not know tliut the mun I ohuiiiincd with at Ocalu, whom I know as Lawrence, was Waltor Strottou." " Walter Lawrence Strottou," sho ex- p'uincd. "Yes, I know, he has told mo, it is liis second name," ho said, winoiug a little at hor eagerness to oxpluiii oil his behalf. " But I did not know that Walter Strottou was the name of the muu you cured for ! We none of us knew. It's been a chanter of mistakes all round. But now — now I seo what I can give you, Helen ! I can givo you your free dom " "John, 110 — you arc too good !" she pro tested with remorseful tenderness — what is to a man the terrible frank tenderness of the woznan who does not lovo him !" "No, not that!" lio said, recoiling from the word "good" 011 hor lips. "Wait — wait, Helen! till you've beard ull. I give you bank your frecdum and something more ! I give into your hand the means of uloaring Waltor Stiqtton's name. Philip Strotton's death wus 110 murder 1 I ought to know, been use — because the accident — it wus an accident! wus brought ubollt by mo 1" "You, John! Oh, John, are you mad ?" Bhe foil back from hira with doubt, fear, horrur, in bur eyes. "No. I'm not mad, uulessit's madness to tell you the truth. It was my hand cau Bed L'hilip Strotton's deutli." "Yours? Then, who, what — uro 3-011?" "What I've always beon, 10 you uud all tho world, plain John Armstrong 1" "You were tliore, ut Hoi borough at the time? But— how was that? und what had you to do with Philip Stretton? IV e never knew anything about you." " No. You never knew me nor my sister, my puoi- littlo sister Lizzie. But Philip Strottou know her ; 1 dare say he didn't talk of her to yon. Wo weren't of your Bot, you see. You always knew I novor conceuled from you that I liudn't moved iu the same class you'd been accustomed to mix with. You ktiow thut, uud wore willing to accept it." "Yes ! You were yourself to me." "That's how it is wo novor met ut Hol- borough. I wus only there uow and theu for a_ time, and we moved in different orbits. My sister wus as guud a girl us ever breathed, but delicate, a pretty little pale thing, fond of books uud poetry. Philip Strottou didn't mean nnytliing by his attention to lior— put-haps >10 luirm, porhaps uo good. I didn't choose that he should amuse himself making u plaything of- her heurt. AVo mot 011 that lonely road : I spoke to him— he took the high and mighty tone with me, and told me to mind iny own business. Woll, it's 110 etuiy for your cats, Helen, but you cau guess I hutv words ran high between no. xis I live, , I'd 110 intent nor thought of serious inj ury .to ' life or liinb wlion I struok him. But I wus strong, uud I suppose in iny uiigor I hit hardor rlian I meant. It was just by- ovil chance that lie foil with his tcinplo ou u sharp stone. If I'd lot him lio us lie fell, it would have been plain enough liow it happened. But in my horror and dismay- I lifted him tup, und . moved liiui, trying to reuall him to lifo. It novor occurred to mo, I wits so stiinuod, that tlio stone loft lying there would liuvo beon supposed to have been used its a weapon, still loss that yonng AYultor Stretton would bo suspootcd." "Why did you not como forward and toll tlio truth ?" " Because, I own it to you, Holon, I was a coward — for my sistor's sako moro than for my own ! It would li-ivo lulled Lizzie to bnvo lmd my name coupled with his deutli, and lior namo dragged in und compromised, as it must havo been. I thought to save my sister's good name and pcuco of liiiiul. It was not until I was far away iliat I hoard how Walter Stretton laid been in-rested and discharged for want of; evidence. I thought tho matter ended there | — was no moro concern of mine. But I soo : now, a mail's deed is a matter of llis lifo for ever — he can never got away from it ! " "And — your sister?" breathed Helen. "She died! I took this silenco on my conscicnco for licr sake, in vain. I see now that it was u crime. But I didn't know — believe mo, Helen, I never knew liow Walter Strottou liad suffered from it. And I didn't know it wus 3'our heart I was nearly break ing ! But now it's not too lato to atono to you both. You wero his, first. I givo you hack to him ! I'll givo you a written state ment telling exactly liow Philip Strotton's death cumo about. If that's not enough, I'll go back to England and innko my dcolnriition there." " It is enough ! it shall he enough ! You Bhnll not go hack to run the smallest risk ! Hit TnViv T mmiirif ii/wnnf. f.liiQ onAi'Wtnn frnm you!" But yet. 111 her heart, she know, nnd ho know, that tho sacrifice was already accopted. When AValtor Stretton eamo, obeying a message from Armstrong, to Weston's Grove, ho found John and Holen hand locked iu hand, and it was hard to say wliioh wub the paler in this parting hour. John turned and put Helen's hand iu AVulter's. " She has a groat deal to toll you, Law rence," ho said, and his strong voioc shook u littlo. "I'll leave you together." Tears woro in Helon's eyes, hut John Armstrong smiled, for tlio heart throb of sacrifice is a pain tliut stings liko joy. Ho turned away and left them — togother. 