ULSTER, ROAD RECREATION ! GROUND. I -?»- i TO THE EDITOR. SIR,-There* is evidently something seriously the matter with the Ulster-road Recreation Ground. I have been here seven or eight months and have been several times in its vicinity, and once I had the nerve to walk right past it alone, bat I have never seen anyone else there, not even a ghost, although there is a suggestion of ghostliness and death about it. I cannot trat hf olly say I wondered at this, but if I had been in doubt as to the reason of the silence and desertion of the place. Cr. Beynolds would have enlightened me by his notice of motion relating thereto. 1 should have , thought draining was one thing needful, but it seems what the ground needs above everything is wetting. I thought the place looked lonely and deserted enough to be the abode of spirits, but it seems what it needs is more spirits. Seriously, sir, is that the one thing needful to make a recreation ground popular ? Is the publican's booth an indispensable attraction for a place where boys' bicycle -races, girls' skipping matches and children's games will form the programme for an afternoon's amuse ment ? Do the ladies and gentlemen of Albany cry ont above all things else as a sine qua non for ap: afternoon's pleasure, to have drunken men rolling round, mere boys-their own boys especially-besot ting themselves, and all the other in evitable and indescribable products of the free indulgence in intoxicating drink? If they do, then the Council representing the pnblic of Albany wili, no doubt, grant their wishes. Refreshment booths, of course, are necessary, for one needs something to recuperate if one takes a walk out there for one's recreation, but refreshments are jost what the publican's booth will not provide, for at least a large nnmber of the pnblic. There are hun dreds of people in Albany including young people, young ladies and many of the most self-respecting of the gentlemen of the place who would blush to be seen standing at a publican's booth taking " refreshments.'' On the other hand euch refreshments as can be provided by a booth which is not licensed to .sell in toxicating drinks can be taken and will be taken by all classes of the people whether they are teetotallers, like myself, or the veriest topers without either a blush or a regret. As a matter of fact, sir, the'people do not want a publican's booth on such a ground, and if them should be such a thing many would-be patrons will simply keep away, and especially will fathers and mothers keep their children away from snch a place. Did not the people of Albany petition the Council only in February of thia year against 4icensifig the sale of intoxi cants there ? I am told over 200 sig natures were obtained to the petition and ah influential deputation waited on the Council to urge their request. If then the Council now rescinds that resolution it will be not in the interest nor at the request of the public, bnt ratherfof the publicans. I hope, sir, that Cr. Reynolds, considering his so recently taken vows, and considering that self-interest is not to be a Councillor's motive, andconsider ing what trade he himself is connected with, will have the good sense to ask leave to withdraw his notice of motion at the next meeting of the Council, and if he does many others beside myself will I think ranch better ot hun. -1 am, &c;, B. DUlïSTAïr. Wesley Manse, December12, 1900. 