Sydney Week by Week. ^ (From Our Special Correspondent.) ? SYDNEY, July 2. Clause' 74 of the Federation Consti tution has passed our Parliament, so, as far as we are concerned, .there is nothing to stop the march of Federa tion. The debate over the clause was delayed owing to a wrangle about Mr. Barton's expenses. He left here with ;£iooo given him to pay the cost of the trip, but his stay has proved much^more lengthy than was expected. ASo ''the representative of this colony hnds him self 'stranded' in London, unable to pay his hotel bill. .The Premier pro posed to send him' ,£500 more, but the leader of the Labor party objected, and moved the adjournment of the House over it. Then followed the;ohance for the demociats to ask why Barton couldn't live like any other man on 10s. a day ! Eventually Sir William Lyne compromised matters by promising to put this item of ^500 on a Supply Bill 'he proposes to introduce next week. So we may expect another night -when the cost of London hotels will be fully dis cussed, and the problem will be solved as to whether an ambassador from the colony should or should- not, when he visits London, seek out a cheap board ing house, where he will be provided ts;ith 'full and plenty' for 15s. a week. ????' '? ;-:- » '???. ? * '.ft - .»' .ft' . ? ; The present Government poses as a *country Ministry,' and is trying, to curry favor with the ?electors in outly . ing districts by promises of grants for roads and all kinds of improvements. Minister for Works O'Sullivan is most lavish with his drafts on the bank of futurity, quite oblivious as to where the anews of war are to come from. He is never tired of expatiating on how his predecessor in the Works Department starved the 'country. His latest 'bon mot:3 is this : 'The members of the late Government climbed up the Post -Office tower in Sydney and looking round said ♦That is New South Wales !-3 :' When a rumor is 'persistent — in spite of contra dictions — there is generally some truth in. it,and the latest report in circulation is that genial '.Tom Hasscll,' Minister for Lands,' is to go to London as 'Go- vernment commercial agent/' that Post master-General Crick is to take his place at the Lands, and that a new man ; is to be brought into the Ministry to take charge of the Post Office. But Pre mier Lyne says he doesn't know any thing about it! So it can't (?) be true! 0 * «, * % 1 Since the time of the old man and his donkey, very few persons have essayed the impossible task of pleasing every ?body. A bye- election at Bathurst has, 'however, it would seem, had that re sult. The Government (the Premier and majority of his Cabinet being pro tectionists) to show that they had sunk the fiscal issue and were going bald iheaded for Federation, put up a local lawyer, a staunch freetrader and a sound Federationist. His opponent, a publican and a protectionist, was re turned. The Government profess to ,be pleased that the result shows that the electors have pronounced in favor of their pet scheme for raising revenue. The Oppositionists rejoice, because they say that Reid must be as popular as , ever, for a -man, who was a protectionist, to have beaten the Government nomi nee. The Labor party exults on ac count of the new member being a sym pathiser with their views. So do the Licensed Victuallers because he is a ?publican, and last, but not least, the de feated lawyer, in addressing the elec tors after the result, said he was more than pleased because he could now re main in Bathurst without having to go to Sydney and neglect his business. So as every one is happy (or pretends to be) all is well, that ends well. .* . ? * . .« - * ...» ? ' His Excellency has been at it again ! -©n this occasion, Judge Docker had the pluck to publicly but quietly- pull him over the coals, the occasion being a gathering at the King's School prize distribution. Mr. Kingston, one of the Federal \ delegates, Kalgoorlie readers may have noticed, attacked the Governor on account of some recent utterances of his about the Common wealth Bill negotiations. ' These Judge Docker repeated, and tendered His Ex cellency .his sympathy,, professing to be ►Indignant at Kingston's attack. Earl Beauchamp looked puzzled, and leant over to the Primate, whispering some thing to. him. The Archbishop evi dently smoothed tilings over, and the Governor thanked his defender and those present for the endorsement they had given to the defence. Not content with this,. His Excellency, speaking at ;a meeting of public school teachers, ?lamented the number of children to be seen in the streets all hours of the day and night, and then went into details about the number of illegitimate births in the colony, children-mother's, and all that sort of thing. The lady teachers present all blushed scarlet, and matrons dow want to know whether it is safe to ? lallow their unmarried daughters to go : again to hear the Governor speak! ?*'?*.« » # Who is to be the first GovernorGene v'ral is evoking considerable speculation. :?? ? TThe Premier, when asked about it in ' the House, said it was not at all likely he would be consulted, as the appoint xnent would' rest entirely with the Im perial authorities. Three names are, : however, freely mentioned — the Duke of Fife, Earl Jersey, and the Earl of Hopetoun. The Duchess of Fife is said to have a horror of all State functions, and this may prevent her husband from being chosen. Either of the two Earls would be popular here judging from their previous Australian experiences. iThe new Duke of Argyll, whose name was freely spoken of some time ago, seems now to be quite 'out ot the run Ding.' The position will rank next to that: of the Viceroy 'of. India and the Gbvernor-General .of Canada.' Our, local .'?-/Governors will only be very 'small fry' when the Boss Governor arrives. '.-.v ?.-? J It may not be generally known that frhen N.S.W. was granted' her first .con stitution (under Sir Stuart Alexander Donaldson) she took over England's laws 'holus bolus,' and that they would all be in force here to-day if most of them had not been repealed by local statutes. The consequence is that from time to time some musty old law, that everyone had forgotten, is found to be still in force here, such as a law of George 'TV. providing that Sabbath ?breakers iball be putin the -stocks. This sentence was actually passed the other day by a bench of up-country magis trates, but, as there were no stocks shandy, the offenders were let go scot free. Now, i,t has been discovered, that; an Act of the reign of Queen Anne has never been lepcalcd here so that 'notes, bills, bonds, cheques, moitgages, etc,' given for monev won at gaming aie 'ut- terly void, fiustiate, and of none ef fect,' even if they have passed into the hands of a person who had no know ledge that the secunties had anything to do with wageis. /Through this Act having been unearthed a bill discoun ter has 'fallen m' heavily. But per haps he can afford it! * * * - * - * * , When our Lancei boys went to Eng land during the Jubilee, it is an open secret that they played havoc with the affections of then pietty Biitish cou sins, and most of them left their sweet hearts as keepsakes the plumeSs of cock's feathers \ihich made their felt hats look so captivating m the girls'* eyes. One Irish young lady — who was disappointed at not receiving a plume — theie were not enough to go lound— wiote to the captain of the Parramatta squadion and asked him to piocure and post hei one, He did so, and it \ ar rived -=afcl\ at Dublin, when as it hap pened, theic was a party at the young lacb/b 'house, and1 one of the guests wrote an impiomptu poem about it, which was afterward' punted' apid a copy posted to the Panamatta Captain, when acknowledging the Lancei's plume. The fiist veise luns thus — Only a handful of feathers On a humble rooster grown ! But they are deai to the heaits of us all. Gentle and simple, great and small, From the babe to the Queen on her throne. Chorus — x Every English, Irish, and^ Scotch man hails ' - » That plume of feathers from New South Wales ! , , ' * » * *«**,'- A funny incident happened at Ba thurst the othei day. Two gentlemen were crossing the nvei — the Mac quane — just outside the town. Theie had been some heavy lams and the river 11a much sv.ollen They got to the middle, when the watei flowed ovei the bottom of their buggy. Then horse jibbed Coaxing and whipping were cqualh m vain There he stood, as moveless as the boy oh the burning deck. 'The shade- of night Wei e fall ing fa t, ' ?nd not wishing to spend it m the middle of the river, one of the twain took oft his coat,s\\\am a hoie — m doing which he lost his watch and chain — and dripping from head to foot called at a pub. and borrowed two horses and hired two men, who w,ent on them into the river, hitched them on to the buggy which they brought safely to the dry land, jibbing hoi e, pas engei and all' Next time these tuo gentlemen want to cio-:~ the nvei they will probably drive over the bridge! , * * * * '-? » ?f ' An itinerant showman at Bega has got into trouble. The town had been placaided vilh bills announcing a cy clorama and a vanety company, which included a sknt dancei as well as seve ral othei atti actions He had a full house Suppies ed gioana were mani fest when the 'c)cloiama' turned out to be an ordinary magic lantern, but the; audience weie not very dcmon&ti; ative, as t!it\ c\pcctied omcthuig veiy choice when the skirt dancer came on. But when a girndmothtih ghost of a dan seuse made her appearance to the music of a piano in the \\.hee7y ^tage of in fluenza they coulcl stand it no longer, and hooted the stout old dame and wanted their money back. This they didn't get, but 'fiom uifoimation ie ceived the -eigcin* of oolicc ened the showman with a summon- foi obtaining morie) b\ mean or fal-e pi e.ence^ The 'Beak' let him down lightly, 20s fine and £2 7 gd coM.-- Peihap after this decision we =;hall sec fewei flaming postei about encu e-, loaimg lions, educated elephant*, wondeiful gym nasts and contoit'onists, which piove in the fie h to be attenuated specimens of natuial histoiy, one mournful clown, a nondesciipt lady m pink tights, and, a small boy with a broken whip and a cracked voice. 7| / , * * - * » ' ? / /,' - *' — The following stoiy is being told of a Sydney lady whose liusbancl i(eceiii(ly 'struck it nch' and who is tiymg'all she knows now to get into 'Sassiety.'She has put hei 'genei ally useful' man [Into livery, plush bieeches and all, and he now tits beside Air. Coachman m the brand-new landau when she goes out visiting. The other day she went out driving to call on her new ansiioci atic friends, and, befoie leaving home, sent James (she has chiistened her man 'James'' now, 'he used to be called 'Petei' or 'Pete' foi short) rm 'to he,i boudoir foi hei card case. After driv ing round Potts Point and Dailmg Point, wheie her lackey dismounted from his box and left a caid at several of the houses 'with, Mis. Blanks corn^ pliments.' She said, ''Now, James, we have only thiee moie calls to make — Mrs. A , of Chalhs Avenue ; Mrs. B , of Victoma-street, and Mrs. C , of the 'Cedars.' Wheieas honest Peter lephed 'How shall I manage, marai ; I've only got 'two caids left, the Jack of Spades and the three of clubs ' He had taken a pack of playing caids which weie ly ing on hei table/ instead of the new visiting cards that had just come home from the cngiavei. __ , \ * # * ' # * The' present scube tome weeks ago stated that there was( quite a craze among papas and mammas m Sydney to christen their infants aftei some of our South African geneials. It would seem that * this nomenclatuie fad is 'catching, and has spicad to ship owneis, one of whom has named his steamer Baden-Powell, and she has just accomplished a feat showing that she is a geneial among ships sne arrived in Sydney from the Nambucca Rivei, where she was built, with a leviathan ironbaik girder, measunng 98 ft m length and 14ft squaie. The Baden Towfell shipped this giant piece of tim ber after eveiy othei vessel, sailoi 01 steamer, had refused to cairy it, and brought it safely to Mr Booth's saw mills at Johnstone's Bay. Its ultimate destination is New Zealand It is the ?largest ironbark girder that lias ever been brought to Sydney, and- if it had not been impossible for the teams, on account of the bends in the road, to draw it to the port of shipment, its length would have been 22ft more, as that much had to be fawn off on the road to the Nambucca wharf. 