NOTES AND NOTIONS. (By Qoilp.) ToiIMlf AND §THE BoEB ? TALL LbT THRS FROM THE FRONT, AND MlS chief Caused Thereby — A Most Wise Magistrate — With Some Thought on Circuses. Tbo ' Letters from the Front' in tbe publication of which tbera has of Iat9 been a severe ' slump,' ware sometimes valuable as fiivina an insiclit into the hidden features and incidents of tbe campaign. Occasionally, to-), they con tamed little gems of Btories which, whether trne or not, deservtid to be told, as, for instance : ' Trooper Rogers tells a atory of Tommy Atkins and a Boer prisoner. Ths Boer had been boastfal thatohia sido would ultimately be victori ous bocanse « The Lord waa with them.' ? Gam,' said Thomas, ' you've no show ; we 'as three blooming Lords with ne.' ' But many of the soldiers, writing ?' with a view to publication,' have Bet themselves np as competitors to Baron Muncbansen. I am sorry to Bay that acne Bathurst boys are among the most erring in this respect,. As a matter of fact ' Letters from the Front' lose their value so soon as the writers know that their effusions are going to be published, and therefore strive to make them '? in teresting' by wild and wonderful tana didles. It never strikes the ordinary mind that the truth can be intore3ting. Hence these strange stories that are circulating round. Untortunately Borne of these bombastic notrths have been avidly seized upon by disloyalists as pegs on which to bang slanders of our Australian troops. If a soldier, writing borne, to impress his simple friends, relates how be scalps all the wounded Boers that he meets ; and adds, iust by way of circumstantial de tail, to give an air of pleasing -verisimili- tnde to an otherwise bald and unconvincing narrative, that he is wont to knock out their teeth to make neck laces for bh best girl, papers like ?'Truth' and '' The Bulletin' take eager hold of the silly fiction and parade it as truth, the former to point an alliterative moral as to racial decadence, the latter to justify its hatred of England and all things English. Of course it is very silly for newspapers to take notice of foolish vaporiugs, for reasonable men must know that such desecration of tbe dead would promptly place the offender in the custody of tbe provost-marsbal, with the gallows looming unpleas antly .near. Still some of the blame muEt rest on tbe silly fellows who write such stuff and nonsense. ^. glowing prospect is opened up by the report of a case from Baga, George Desmond, described as a showman, was charged by the police with obtaining rnonoy under filse pretences. Desmond, according to tbe evideace, bad posted play-billaaroandthetown.andadvertisedin the local papers that be had a Cycloraraa and Variety Company. The bills also set forth tbat he had a Bkirt- danctir. and other items, consequently a fair audience attended bis ?' show.' Sergeant Mosp, from information received, went to test its genuineness, and be stated that he: found that several performers billed to appear woro not there, while the supposed Cyclorama was nothing . more than a magic lantern. He noticed that tbe andionco disapproved of theperformanceby hooting, and he spoke to Desmond, ask ing where the artist9 were. He was not able to fnrnish the sergeant with a satis factory explanation, and a charge of obtaining money under false pretences wns laid against him. Desmond asked to be dealt with summarily, and the P.M. (Mr. F. B. Hales) informed him that, as tbe police did not wish to press the cbargo, he would impose a fine of £1 with £2 2s professional costs, and costs of court 7s 9d, with the option of 14 days' imprisonment. If this decision holds good, and them is no reason to doubt either its justice or legality, it will work almost a social revolution. In future, entertainments will bave to be what they are ' cracked up to be' on tbe show bills. We ore all of us familiar with the flaring circus poster, resplendent with roaring lions and howl ing tigers and heavy hippotami, marvel lous nionkays, performing goats, and grant troops of educated horses, which, when we get to the tent of pleasure, is found to have announced one stout lady. in pink tights modified in color by lack of laundry, one monrnfnl clown drossed in pillow, cases, and two broken down 'bus-horses, ambling aimlessly ronnd a littloring driven by a email boy with a broken whip and cracked voice. The law now.' Pays that for auoh an outrage on tbe cinus-loving public, a' showman is legally responsible. Simi larly tbe variety show which announces on its bills the attractions of scores of young and graceful ballerinas and gives to the pnblic a wheezy piano and three grandmotherly ghosts of dancers is liable to process of law. PerbapB . in time the grooious and pleasing principal can be extended, and the word ' Bhow ' held by the Full Court to embrace a wide variety of entertain ments. Then the politiciau who on the false pretence that he is '.'the chap to save theconntry,' secures a salary of £2,000a your from tbe electors and from Parliament, may be held legally liable to save tbe country, or be prosecuted for obtaining money on false prqtences. Really eo infinite a prospect of happi ness is opened np by this magisterial deciaioo, that things must be 'what they are cracked up to be,' that it is hardly too premature to discuss tbe site npon which a grateful country should eroct a monument to Police Magistrate Hales. 