8HOKT STORi;. About a Necklace and Something Else. I am a coward; it is no good saying I am not, for I dm and I know it quite woll. Some peoplo Bay I am bravo, eomo even strong-minded, but that iB principally becanso I don't mind about mice ana blackbootlos, and never scream when I am frightonod ; nono tho 'loss, really I am a i coward, ag I think this talo of tho haunted room mil show. It was Christmas time, and I was stay ing with my friend, Dolly Vanborough. Dolly is a sweetlittle creature, as lovable 1 and fair and lively as I am the reverse, which,' of course,' tends to make us the greater friends. Still, though we had been school chums, I had never stayed with, her till that Christmas, and so did not know her people. I was rather afraid of them, thoy were very rich, aud quite kings in thoir own country, with a big old house and lots of company. Dolly's brother Derrick I was afraid of too; -he 'was much older than Dolly, very clover, and grave ond silent — rather a terrible personage. And, to make matters worse, Dolly, who is the dearest little dunce in the world, persists in believing me clever. ana in trying to impress other people with hor belief. nHowever, Mr Derrick was very polite, ®il pretended ho liked talk ing to me, and never appeared to be awaro of my mistakes. His mother and father, too, were so kind, and inisted on my pro longing my visit indefinitely. Altogether, I enjoyed myself, in spite of tho haunted room. I I slept in it. It was not supposed to be much haunted, and for a long timo I heard i and saw nothing. No one before me seemed to have been particularly troubled, | the only objeotion to the place being its j distance from the occupied part of the | house. I first saw my ghost when I began I to inquire into his story. I did not do | this very early in my visit. It is true I asked Dolly about it soon aftor my arrival, j but she knew nothing, and then thero were so many other things to think of, j that I forgot to seek further particulars, till one evening at dinner my neighbour j began a,ghoBt conversation. Of courso, this reminded me of my haunted chamber; and I applied to the general public for information. Unfortunately, I could not get much. All I could gather was that for nearly eighty years tho room was supposed to have been occasionally visited more by mysterious noises and -wandering lights than anything olao ; even these had ceased entirely for a long timo. Tho date whon the haunting began waa at the death of Dolly's great great grandmother, 'when also a very valuable diamond necklace disappeared ; some shadowy tradition con nected these facto in a tangled way. I was very interested, of course, and asked heaps of quostiono, among others whether they had searched my room for tho neck lace. ' Oh, yog ; thoy havo turned the whole i house onfc of tvinr1nT7 nnfifimn nrirl rvnrvHiftr/ Mr Vanborough Baid. ' For my part, I don't altogether believe in that nocklace. I have a fancy that it was privately sold, and its ignominious end concealed by this story.' I do not think Mr Derrick agreed with hiB father, and Dolly would havo nothing to do with so unromantic a conclusion. She and the younger guests agreed to institute a search the next day. Of course nothing came of it. If you had soon them looking you would not havo wondered. Anything moro utterly unsystematic I cannot imagine. Tho search itself was in no way important. It was tho night after that my experiences of haunted rooms began. 1 had been asleep some timo when some uuuo HVliO Xiao, A U.LU. U. oieupur and the least thing rouses mo. I waa looking drowsily round, as one doea on first waking mo up at onco. Tho fire was out and, except for a littlo moonlight, tho room was very dark. Plainly, in tho patch of light, I saw, between two planks of the floor, which was polished and only furnished on tho matoasis principle, the fingers of a hand. I was simply petrified with horror at tho sight and lay bathed in cold perspiration staring at it, too fright ened to scream or move. As I, fascinated, watched it, I saw it creep along tho edge of the board for tho space of a foot or moro i then, as its progress was towards mo wcu, x yin/uuxiju uvuilS courage I had and gasped, ' Go away, do : go away.' And as if it had heard mo, tho hand went creeping back again and vanished ! It was long before I slept again, but at last I did, and with tho return of daylight I had a return of courage. In fact, by morning, so bravo had I become that I examined tho crack betweon tho two boardB whero the ghost hand had ap peared. To my great surprise I discovered that by forcing it a little way and pushing with a strong comb, I was able to slide one plank back a couplo of inches. Through the aperture thus made I could see nothing owing to tho darkness, but by tying a pocket-knife to a piece of string and using it as a plummet, I found tho distance below was considerable. Tho old library, the room under mine, wua very low, I know ? therefore it waa eiisy to imagine thoro tho floor of tho ono room and tho coiling of the other. I questioned Dolly about it whon I saw her alone after broakfaat, but she knew nothing j I wished to keep my adventure to myself, so I waa not very explicit, I am afraid. In spito of my intentions of secrecy, thero was one person who found mo out, and that was Mr Derrick. Quito how he did it I do not know ; ho guessed part and compelled me to toll him the rest. Of course, he -wanted me to give up would not. We both behaved rather ' queerly about it, I fancy, for when I flatly declined to Bleep anywhere else (which I did partly from obstinacy and partly from fear of being laughed at), ho asked me to do so' 'for his sake!' And I in return begged him to allow mo to koop my room one more night. Aftor some hesitation he consented to do so on condition that I wniilri loava mv rlnnr imffiRfconr-d. I went to dress for dinner early that night, and took upstairs with mo some long tacks. With the^o, us!iig the heel of Blipper as a hammer. -j\l fastened tho big gCBb mat in tho r&t;/in ovor tho sliding board. Then I had a thorough hunt in aU tho likely and unlikely places I could think of for tho nocklace, which, needless to say, I did not find. During dinner, however, I found something else— a hand very like my ghost hand 1 There is a wonderful lot of diiforonce in hands; my ghost hand, which was naturally very clearly impressed on my mind, had short fingers full of little crea3es and vory knobby joints. I noticed, whon he was pouring out somo sherry for mo, that Buncel, tho butler had a wonderfully similar hand. This interested mo very much, and I sot to work to find out all I could about tho tho man. I loarnod that ho was a most worthy person, and hod Borved the Van borough family from boyhood, as his father had before him. Indeed, tho latter had been in their service at the time of the disappearance of the necklace. I did not tell anyone about the hand coincident ; 1 thought it best, because, you see, thero really was vory littlo to go upon ; all tho same I could sot help think ing about it in a really foolish fashion that night. What with that and specu lating about Mr, Derrick's behaviour, whicn had boon most perplexing, I found whon, having looked undor the bed, I got inside it, that it was quite impossible to sleep. I kept looking from the mat covered board to tho unlocked' door; and then back to the board again, and thinking and thinking of — oh, lots of things, till it became quito dreadful. At last, unable to stand tho Btrnin any longer, I got up and wont to tho fireplace, and stood staring at the now low and smouldering fire. The wwm ijuiku warm, tuiu my dressing, gown was beyond that horrid sliding board in a dark corner, and I am ashamed to confost I had not tho courage to fetch it. Tho firo, as I said, was getting low, and, and, as I had no fancy for boing left in tho dark by its expiring altogether, I turned to get some wood to ropleaish it. As I stooped I leaned ono hand against ? tho woodwork of a panel by the mantol pioce for support. Suddenly it gave way beneath tho pressure, and I noarly lost my balance and quite lost my nerve in conse quence. Hastily withdrawing my hand, I poked up the fire, and, still shaking a little, proceeded to examine my new dis covery, of course brimming over with the idea of finding tho nocklace. Tho aperture so unexpectedly revealed looked like a small cupboard, and was not more than twelve or fourteen inches anyway ; it was, moreover, quito devoid of interest, and absolutely empty. I had como to this con clusion — it did not take long to do so, see ing that it could be discovered at a glance — when another idea occurred to mo. Supposing this secret cupboard was only the ante-chamber, that it contained, hid den in it, the entrance to another ? Suoh a thing seemed possible — indeed, nothing seemed impossible in my surprising room, especially at that bour of night. Accord ingly, I felt and poked all round tho small place, not forgetting to keep an eye on that nailed mat. All at once, something clicked, gave— and then thero was a thud — a snap— and the spring had closed again as suddenly as it had opened- But it had left some thing outside, something that had fallen down when it had opened — what was it ? I turned to the firelight, with a mad excitement shaking me all over. No ! Yes, it was — it waa reallv the. Insf. naMr. lace ! There it was, folded in paper, lost for years, but glimmering, glowing in tho firelight like drops of crystallised light ! And I, spellbound, hold it, admiring it as only a woman can admiro diamonds, oblivious alike of door and board. And then suddenly a hand was placed over my mouth, a weight waa flung on me from behind, and tho next instant the necklace lay a pool of light on tho floor, and I was locked in deadly combat. I am strong, vory strong — girls aro nowa days — and I am stronger than moat, and though I waa taken unawares, I was no mean adversary for my unknown foe, hampered as ? ho wa3 by long white draperies suitable to his rolo of ghost. I am afraid, unwomanly as it may seem, I dearly love a tussle, not quite such an earnest ono as that was ; though I some how know then that it was a matter of life and death wo woro fighting out as wo rolled ovor and over on tho polished floor. A matter of lifo and death to bo fought and fought alone, for my own room was so far removed from the rest of the house hold that I might even then have been murdered without their knowledge. Was I so far removed from everyone? How was it, thon, that tho door flew open, and a man rushed in, and, divining by in stinct between the two struggling figures, dealt the ghOBt such a blow, reducing him to silence ? How was it, and who was it ? Why, Derrick I I Yes. Derrick, who hadwatchorl nil nirVhfc in the next room, the old disused picture room, and who stood with pale face and trembling hands, all fearful for me ; Der rick, who picked up tho nocklace and hung it round my neck, and vowed no one should wear it but mo j Derrick, who gathered me in his arms, and then apolo gised, and then asked mo if ho might, and —oh ! I can't tell any more ! Just a word about Mr Buncoll, though. It appears his father had stolen the neck lace and hidden it until ho could find a convenient opportunity for selling it. The opportunity never camo, and owing to his sudden death, tho oxact v/horcabouts of hiding-place waa nover known. HiB sonj who had spent much timo looking for it unsuccessfully, believed it to be hidden Bomowhere in my room. Whon ho saw tho unexpected publicity given to the Btory, and tho onorgotic search made for the nocklace, ho felt ho must tako desperate measures, and carry on tho hunt himself; and, as he was unable to go to the room in the day without causing remark, ho deter mined to do so at night. If by so doing ho frightened me into giving up tho room, he would no doubt havo been vory pleased, as ho would havo had tho coast clear. Tho space between the library and my room and tho sliding-board, which was one of tho two ways into it, had been made during a timo of religious persecution, it waa believed, but its oxact history was nover known. Tho secret cupboard and its hidden spring were probably con structed byBuncell's father, who was well versed in the ways of locks and Bprings. lucre is really nothing more to tell, oxcept that no ono has ever worn the neck lace but mo. Mrs Vanborough says sho is too old for such things, and Mr Van borough says it becomes his son's wife, ospoccially as sho found it, and Derrick says — well, lots of tilings. — U. L. Sll BEJUKAD. 