Music in Worship, it'* ' Sebjio* nr Ret. Ss. Tjubuoe. THE beat rausie has been rendered under trouble. The first dnet that I know anything of was green uy Paul und Silas whoa they 6ang praises to v , a.nd "ie prisoners heard them. The Scotch Covenanters, hunted by the dogs of persecution, sang the Psalms of David more spiritedly than they have ever since been „ . ^ rendered. The captives in til,™ a t .a i m ®l?e ^ar! music left ra ™,', a.n.d ,r a«I»ro that if they could find, <ifs « • he-r tnalB'two hna^«i and fortv ;nnd fivo spring men nnd singing women" *faim nil 7,-0* G?Spel smdiKi>t, and free i^u;f^ipe,?e0n 'there ou?ht to be a great irnnltitude of men and women willing to an" ^he praises of God. All our churcWn^ e"™®,"®, this subject Those who can fe.?™' ,5,eir souls into the exercise. r W) canaot must learn hov, -Wn '"V , H to heart' voice to voice, £7?„, to hymn, anthem to anthem tthfnlw tDUSW I1®11 «wcU jubilant with ^thanksgiving and trcmnlons with pardon. \- ■Husio seems dependent on the law of acous \- tea and mathematics, and yet where these "^ot understood at all the art is prac t°-'H}irc h""^rcd musical l£, . China. Two thousand rears :rih.0rpvihSt t EOTtians practiced" this . iythagoras learned it Lasns, of Her rmione, wreto ef ays on it. ' Plato 5,d ArisI introduced it into their schools. But I .have not much interest in that My chief music of 4116 Bible. The 3 ,^rCat,. ^ widl innumerable Sw."-Pt hy the fingers of inspiration, vrivinw fin So far back as the fonrth wii Genesis von find the first oiganist ^nnd harper—Jnbal. So far backus thethu-tv nnSd df GrteS\T,°Ufind 15,0fim'ohoYr. * ;..AU pp apd conn the Bible you &od; sacred oTfh inaagnmlions, at the ^ treading- of the winepress. Tho Hebrew.? | ■ understood how to make musical signs above Whetl «"i Jows c^me from distant homes to the great festivals at &nndDircmm;' ffher1irou?1,t harP, had timbrel, ^ ' • Pnnted along theJndman u, highirays a nver of harmony, until in and ? ^ of 8 nariont ■ ■ ^ J gladness had nccnmDlatcd. In onr ="'« h£ haVOadirisi™ °f labour in mjcjnd i; Zt J m!0 m,atl10 mabe 'he hymn, another jyxaiin to make the tune, another man to play it ° fne Pi?"0. n?a another man to sing it Not . , eo in Bible times. Miriam, the sister of ; . ™™t3' "it"*pas?a?° of Erf Sea, com ndoxology act it to music, clapped it 'Darin0**? V -at tbe SDmo 'ime aang it. : ■ 5?!"1' ,th.° P'nlnust, was at the same rime v |oit, musical composer, harpist, nnd ainger nal?nty of W' rhythm vibrates f- thZ^, ■ ages- Thore ""ere in Bible times stiroged instruments—a harp of three Jjringsplayod by tret and how?a Lrc of vr^n strings, responding only to the fincera of ^eperforater. Then there was the Srf (kZ?*h fashioned out of tho horn of the ox the T," J?CD were the ristrem and ', dapPc;d in ibe dance or beaten ThOT! n-ero four ttmusand SiLovites, the best men of the country, whose ^only business it was to look after ft, \c wf a t iooa: niter tho music .Tlicse four thonsanfl Lerites : lnto t5f0 c,as«s, and ofS •: days. Can yon Imagine ■V f10. harmony when these white-robed lovites, before the symbols of God's pro ' ih * 7 smoking altars and canSe upward and branched ont ' '? 'rf.® of SoM. nnd under the wings of th"o ; rferub.m chanted tho one- hundS"nd! r S7V Pi31"1 of Dav!d f Do you know vviww it'was done? One part of that nwif b ??ai? 6t°rf UP nnd chanted, '• Oh, gi^c -fcVnt£ tfo_Potd' fOT He is tmodP i' w^o other part of tho choir, standing in fSTiiwf part of tbo ^P'". wmld cfme ™, h.41,0 response, "For His mercy en '4ke Vnr»t H.cn thefiret part wonld S; "P the song again and say, "TJnto :.S'™ ,,who °nly doeth groat wondew." "iwith ?verStM°- 0 cholr wonH oomo in ..•with overwhelming response, "Tor His ; mercy endnreth for ever," until in tho latter P»rt of the song, tho mnsio floating backward ivi? forwarf. hnnnony propping ^Jh ^iaimony, evety trumpet sounding, ^evety -S? heaving, one part of this great whit? (^bed choir would lift the anthem, "Gh /SIc l Jm'°'h0T^°f heavm !'• 'and ;'^??f£?f Part *heievito choir would come ^jntriih the rc«ponse( 'For His mercy endureth for ever." But I am glad to know that all through the ages there has been great atten tion paid to sacred mu>ic. Ambrosias, Augustine, Gregory the Great, Charlemagne, gave it their mighty influence, and in our day the best musical genius is throwing itself on the altars of God. Handel, Mozart, Bach, Durante, Wolf, and scores of other men nud women have given the best part of their genius to chnrch music. Luther's sermons have been forgotten, bnt the "Judgment Hymn" lie composed is resounding yet through all Christendom. I congratulate the world and the charch on the advancement made in this art—the Edinburgh societies for the improvement of music, the Swiss singing societies, the Exeter Hall concerts, the triennial musical convocation at Dasscldorf, Germany, and Birmingham, England, the conservatories of music at Munich and Leipaic, the Handel, and Haydn, and Har monic, and Mozart societies of this country, the academies of musio in New York, Brooklyn, Boston, Charleston, Hew Or leans, Chicago,' and every city which has any enterprise. Now, my friends, how are wo to decido what is appropriate, es pecially for church music? Thero may be a great many differences of opinion. In some of the churches they prefer a trained choir; in others, the old-style precentor. In 6ome places they prefer the melodion, the harp, the cornet, the organ; in other- places they think these things are the invention of the dcviL Some would have a musical instrument played so loud you cannot stand it, and others would have it played so soft you canuot hear it. Some think a musical instru ment ought to bo played only in the interstices of worship, and then with indescribable soft ness; while others are not satisfied unless there be startling contrasts and staccato pas sages that would startle tho audience as would a vision of tho Witch of Endor. But while there may be great varieties of opinion in regard to music, it seems to me that the general spirit of the Word of God indicates what ought to be the great "characteristics ot church music. 1\. And I remark, in the first place, a prominent characteristic ought to be adaptive ncss to devotion. Music that may be appro priate for a concert hall, or the opera house, or the drawing-room, may be inappropriate in church. Glees, madrigals, halfndw, may be as innocent as psalms in their places. But chnrch musio has only one design, and that is devotion; and that which comes with the toes, the swing, and the display of an open house isahlnannoetothoworship. From such performances we go away saying, "T^hat splendid execution 1 Did you ever hear such a soprano ? Which of those solos did you like the better when, if wo had been rightly wrought upon, we would have gone away saying, " Oh ! how my soul was lifted np in the presence of God while they were sing ing that first hymn I I never had such rapturous views of Jesus Christ as my Saviour as when they were singing that last doxoiogy." My friends, there is an everlast ing distinction between music as an art and music as a help to devotion. Though a Schu mann composed it, though a Mozart played it, though a Sonntag SAng it, away with it if it does not make "the heart better and honour Christ! Why should we rob the programmes of worldly gaiety when wo have so many appropriate songs and tunes composed iu our own day, as well as that magnificent in heritance of church psalmody which has come down fragrant with the aovotions of other generations—tunes no more worn out than they were when our great grandfathers climbed up on them from the church pew to glory ? Dear old souls, how they used to sing! 2\. I remark, also, that correctness ought to be o characteristic of church music. While we all ought to take part in this service, with perhaps a few exceptions, we ought at the same time to cultivate ourselves m this sacred art. God loves harmony, and we ought to love it Thero is no derotioli in a howl or a yelp. In this day, when there are so many opportunities of high culture in this sacred art, I declare that those parents aro guilty of neglect who let their sons and daughters grow np knowing nothing about music. In some of the European cathedrals the choir as sembled every morning and every afternoon of every dav the whole year, to perfect them selves in this art, and shall we begrudge the half-hour wo hpend Friday nights in the re hearsal of sacred song for the Sabbath ? 3\. Another characteristic must be spirit and lifo. Music ought to rush from the audience like the water from a rook—clear, bright, sparkling. If all tho other port of the church service is dull, do not have the music dull. With so many thrilling things to eing about, away with all drawling and1 stupidity I Thero in nothing that makes me so nervous es to sit in a pulpit and look off on an audienoe with their eyes three-fourths closed, and their lips almost shut, mumbling the praises of God. Dnring one of ray journeys I preached to an andienco of two or three thousand people, and all the singing did not equal one skylark! People do not sleep at a coronation; do not lot us sleep when we come to a Saviour's crowning. In order to a proper discharge of this duty, let us stand np, save as ago or weakness or fatigue excuses us. Let our song be like on acclamation of victory. You have a right to sing; do not surrender your prerogative. If in the perform ance of your duty, or tho attempt at it, you should lose your place in the musical scale and be one G below when you ought to be one C above, or you should crane In half a bar behind, we will excuse you! Still, it is better to do as Paul says, and sing 11 with the spirit ind the understanding also." 4\. Again, 1 remark, church' music must be congregational. This opportunity must be brought down within the .rang* of he Whole audience. A song the wor shippers cannot sing is cf .no more. est. to hem than a aerxnqn in Choctaw..*. What an josy hind ef ehurch it must he where the minister does all the preaching, and the elders all the praying, and the choir all the singing. There are out very few churches where there are 44 two hundred and forty and five singing men and singing women." In some churches it is almost considered a disturbance if a man let out his voice to fall compass, and the people get up on tiptoo and look over between the spring hats, and wonder what that man is making all that noise about. I want to rousoyontoa unanimity, in Christian song that has never yet been exhibited. So clear your throats and get ready for this duty, or yon will never hear tha end of this. I never shall forget hearing a frenchman sing the 44Marseillaise" on the Champs Elysees, Paris, just before the battle of Sedan in 1870. I never saw audi enthusiasm before or since. As he sang that national air, oh! how the Frenchmen shouted! Have you ever in an English assemblage heard the band play 41 God Save the Queen" ? If yon have, you know something about the enthusiasm of a national air. Now, I tell you that these songs wc sing Sabbath by Sabbath are tho national airs of tbo king dom of heaven, and if yon do not learn to sing them here, how do you ever expect to sing the song of Hoses and the lamb 1 I should not be surprised at all if some of tho best anthems of Heaven wero made up of some of tho best songs of earth. May God increase onr rererenco for Christian psalmody, and keep us from disgracingit by indifference and frivolity. "When Cromwell's army went into battle, ho stood at the head of it one day, and gave out the long-metre doxology to the tune of the 44 Old Hundredth." and that great host, company by company, regiment by regiment, joined in the doxology Praise God from whom all blessings flow ; Praise Him, nil creatures here below; Praise Him above, ye Heavenly host; Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." And while they sang they marched, and whilo thoj marched they'fought, and while thoy fought they got the victory., 0 men and women of Jesus Christ, let us go into all our oonflicts singing the praises of God ; then, instead of falling back, as wo often do, from dofeat to defeat, wo will be marching on from vtnfftpv tn vfftnrt- *« ni/iftn ?n TCvrtAltna " ?o victory to victory. 44 Gloria in Excelris ' written over many organs. "Would that by onr appreciation of the goodness of God, and the mercy of Christ, and the grandeur of heaven, we could have " Gloria, in Excelais" written over all our souls ! i 