The Biggest Tumble on Record, On July 11, 1861, a !a ge party of tourists was ass mb'ei on t e (op of tie Col da Miage, wi'h the ohja:t of d'sooveriig whether aa aeo nt cf Mont Bl> ni could bs mide from tbis dinoticn. Whilst the rest were stspping f. r break one of tbe party, Mr Biik^e&k;, want aside, and the others did not at first remark his absence. When it ws noticed, h : s irok was followed, a ad it was found that he bad fal'ea down pre cipitcui scopes of snow and ice, aid was descried, marly balf a mile away, at tbe foot of the slopes at the bead of the French G.'acier de Miego. His fr'snds went to hie assistance as qniikly as poi eibl.>, bnt n;arly two acd a balf hours clip3ed before tboy oouli reach b<m. Belfrew the plaoe wbsreMr Birkbrck commenced to slide or fall, and the pi ice where he stopped, there w s a difference of level of about l,700't7 Ths slope was gentle wlwo te firs 1 , lo this foting, and he tried to stop himself wi.h bis fingers and nrlp, bnt tiie saow was top hard. ' SonKt'mes be desotnded feet first, then he w ?nt sideways, and once or twice he h d tie sees it ion ofstojting throng 1 ! the air.' He came to a stop at tbe rd;e of a large crtvtsee. When reached vai found that be was almost ba'f skinned by abras ; on and friction, ' By bis passage over the snow the skin WSB removed from tbe ontsideof tbe lege snl tfci .h', the knees, the wbrle of the lower pi r'o! the back and part of tbe rib-, together with s)me from the nosa and foretea). He had not lost much blood, bnt le pr.'seitfd a nics 1 ffbast'y speotaele of bloody raw flesh. He wis transported to St Ge vaie, and remained t v ere in a orit : cal condition for some week*, but ultimately reroTered bFtt'r than might have besn expected.'— ' Obamonix,' by E. Whymprr. Has anyb>dy any idea of the money that has been snnk in private entirprisss for the Paris exhibition? Cer'ified capital rnns t) juit on £2,500,000, and this does not include a derail cr mors instance of private enterprise. The rolling platform got its money on the assumption that 40 per cent of the visitors w mid use it. Their shares are far from par today. Grand Rose shares are to bs had for a song ; the Hippodrome is not a financial SUOOSSB ; O ilnmbia Is closed; ths exhibition of 'Pa-is in 1400' has yields! np the ghost, and in various directions 51 bankruptcies hsv« bean deo?a-ed. Never in ths wo ll's history of exhibitions bas there been mob a raagaifisent show; but for come reason or aiother it will not boom. 