[OOMPLBTK STOAT.] TBI GHOST'S TOUCH, An Ill-omened Room and a Terrible Night. By HB&UB; HUME, Aalfaor of "Tba Mjitery of a Huwom Cab," "The Third Volume," "Hm Lou Ian," "For the Defence," "The frofeuot'a Mummy," fee., fco. COPYBIOHT. S H ALL new for get the t e r r ible Ohrirtmait I spent at Bingshaw Orange in the year *83. An an army doctor I have met with etrange ad v e n . toreainfar i ss»«r«,ssri^1g «MppwS3S SE^AYJfKWS worn iwymff, W&etattw; Wn* rtrangerttoa JtoJtoKrMany. Hum> «ii »/, wandemig Ufa have I proved the truth of this proverb. The whole aHair rose out of the which Fnnk Bingan aent me to spend Ohnm mw with himself and W» oountu *««/ "J*® fanrilv nest w Ohtintohurcn. Attnat Mjy? I wa/bo«nt>on leave Irom ^n*1* '< "lA0^ after my arrival I chanced to meetwi*h?eroy SSL/«« ttoadUlr. IrfSwfcwiIlttd b«n totoeto "Sf J"" befon In Mdbonrne.a dapp^ W*le »na% with eleek Mr hair and a transr""* J"T* Bfarfop i 1P°Wng a* fragile «« » S^ibuage, jrat with plenty of plnok«nd aphtfejle from hesrt du ww liable to faint ou oocarfons; yet be fought lumgiiit Mspibrtel ^f»Vne*s with ifflent oour Irt ,iw)d with oerudn pnwauriops .g"1"?' bM^toinent, he MKRtl to enjoy. life litrl* ita». _ "- " f Uked die little man liiirhbirth. Ilikcd the little man T^CJll for hie'mwjicoodquautto.. On Ihepratot ooearfim I was glad to seehim, ana ^?5&p;^iSild not expect to see you in jSB^p?iia4 I, after l£e fitrt greetings ' _mi£t I**°elW; l» eald, in blsmmsj imnbhig way, "partly by way of aohonge iS taray io See my cousin Frank-who faSerf inrlted me to <»Te ov" from Au"\ ..liiiiwltbeitth ©oarin you "were always awaking about In MelbonrneP" »Tm. Sot JBVank Is not rich. Iam the -urtttir BipgM. hot he is the head of the feailyf Ton aee, dootor. oonHuuedPenw, Sting m arm and (tuning the subjpotln .TnmiTuraatiobaS maimer, "my fatijer, being . yoiioK«r wn, <#niKWtojj 40 athomeon (he «*t#tea, with very little money to keep up %?£& oT the frmlfc. «® »V *»«"* Iwfliwd "ha hwd of Ha Some from time to ST »r« yea" »g? ^°th "V nnd? fnd lather «ie one to the family estate, the other to the Australian wealth. Bo '''"'Well I'M, I do," admitted Percy, frnnklr. "You «». *« Ring.ns think a gnat deal of our birth and po£«oo. Bo nnoli no, that we have made oor wiUe in one . another** favour;" "How do you mean T »? Weil, it I die Frank inherits my monijy; and if J" dies, IWne ieir to the Ring«u attstes. It «an» Ktrange that X shonld toll «a?*ll tkta, liamellee; hnt yon were eo inU nmMi'wiAme In Hie old daya that yon oan underttendmy appirent raahneM. j not lofbear s ehnoVle at the reaeou B«ld«I«w rarrwdl that, with hi* inherent eoobWehnew L S«.i'-dto Inipiwrnne wltji tbe podtira and -XT.i^of htf fewUy, wdwrth fte faot ulSiiitoaij Jruo-that itnmkedamougtt the imwied«^Uy offlieloiig^nj. Hoirem, the weakuw", though in bad tr^ wMA Lanalu* muagh, and I.bad no * aoomforthaoonfeedon of It. Still, I felt trtife bored, aa I took little Interest in the fih'ronUUog euoh «"»?" beer, and ehortiy rated from Percy »tt« promising to dine iriili Win the following week. it this dinner, whioh took plane at the AtiwntMi Club, 3 m?t *it5> the head of the I family, Oh to pit it plainer, with ' SS»5 cousin Frank, tike Ui« Aurtralian ; WEV* email 'ai)4 iieat. Viut. enjoyed miioh . Mutrhealth and laiikedthe olfeminaoy of the oUwr. T"t on the whole I liked Percy the Iks*.; as there wan a sly oaat about Frank s oountenaribe whloh I did not ijlWi, and be , patronleed W» mlonlal eonrin In rather an 'Tattte looked up to hi« English kins-1 wWh all deferonoe, and would, I am ? Zrt b*C® willingiy givMi his mid toregild Sr^oinewliCt tarnished eBjntnlieori of tlie mnMrnTOnkWerfly the two cousins were S, 2SK es to mrtfml-one of Twped'odu"J Tweedledue; but »ltor due eonsideration I decided that Bemy ^ttor-natured .ud mora honourable oloie two- 1 For aome reason Frank Kntnn aeemed ss«sf^sS3£5; iXS^es i"Norfolk, he invited me to spend {fttfetouta at Btegihaw Orange-not, aa it , appeared, without an ulterior ? MOtive^^ no said ho, with a beartineee whiMi eat ill on him. " IPeroy, as . an old friend ot vottM, has aotMs heart on my having you down j and-If I m«y aaj1; eo . \--I have net my heart on the same thing. . | ?< oh, you really must eome, LawelUe,' cssscrsvssa'sas SSfcon. VTashtagtou Irvlng'a style, you Sow, holly, wassail-bowl, games, and "^And perf4»P« * ?f "l'" ItaXun^in fy" -'th a aide glanoe at his "^MT^wid V »o T°ar Grange is " I abould think so," said before his aoasin oonld epeak, .' and with . P"®4 ol4 ftMi Anne ghost. Come down, dootor, and jjktXl put yon In tw haunted ""SSfr- tried Frank, with a Aarpnesi -blob rather surprised me, " l'U put no one In the Blue Boom ; ' the oonsequences might 1m fatal. Tou smile, Ijaseelln, but Xanure ^.a cnk ku bno (tmrid to ezlil 1 "That'aa paradox ; a gliosl can't ©*i"t. But the story of your ghost- " "la too long to toll now." said Frank, laughing. H Come down to the Grange, and you'll hear it." "Very good/' I replied, rather attracted by the idea of a haunted house, " you can coont upon me for Chribtmae. But I waru you, Rfngan, that I don't believe in spirits. Ghosts went out with gas." 41 Then they must have coine in again with electric light," retorted Frank BJugaa, 44 for Lady Joan undoubtedly haunts the Grange, I don'r mind ; as It adds distinction to the house.*' " AM old famtlif* have a ghost," said Percy, importantly. u It is very natural when one nan anoestom." latere WAS no more said on the eubieot lor the time being, but tho upshot of this con versation was that I presented rayed f at Ruigxlmw Grange two or three day* before OhriKtma*. To apeak the truth, I oacue more ou Peroy'a aooouut than my own, m I fcuew the little man suffered from heart disease, and a wrnJdeu «book might prove fatal. If, in the unhealthy attno«phore of tw old houftc, the iumate* got talking of ! ghosts and fcrobliuH, it might be that the oonoequenceM would be dangerous to ao highly strung and delinate a man a* Percy Rirtgan. For thia reason, joined to a soeaking desire to tee the irliost, I found myself a guest at Hingfhaw Grange. In one way I regret the visit; yet in another I regard it as pro vidential that I waa on tbe spot. Had I been absent the o&taxuophe; might have been greater, although it oould searoply have been more terrible. Ringshaw Grange was a quaint Kliea bethiin houne, all gables and aiamonr) caM? menta, and oriel window*, and qu«int tprraoea, looking like an illustration out of an old Christmas number. It was embowered in a large park* the trees of which .came up ' , almost to the doors, and when I saw it fin*t in the moonlight-for it was by a late train th*t I rame from Hindoo-it struck me as the very plane for a ghost. Here WHS a haunted bouse of tbe right quality if ever there was one, and Jt only , hoped when I crossed the threshold that the lnoal spectre wopld be worthy of its environ ment. Tu suoh an interesting house I did not think to p.-ina a dull Ohristmas; but-God help me-I did not anticipate eo tragic a Tuleride tin I spent. .An oar hm>t vh a bnuhelor and hud no female relative lo do tlie honours of his house the gaeeta wen *11 of the maxmiline gender. I It In true that there wan a housekeeper-a dietaut ooourin I understood-who was rather elderly, but veiy juvenile an to dnsea and manner. She went by the name of Mias Laura, hot oo otherwise than attending to her duties, *ke remained mo»t!y In her own rooms. 80 our party waa composed of young men none save tsyself beta# over the aye of thirty, and few being gifted with muoh intelligence. The talk was mostly of aporr, of horeeracing, big game shooting, and yacht-nailing; eo that I grew tired at times of thinie subjects and retired to the library to read and writo. The day after I arrived Frank showed me ovor the house. It was a wonderfu old barrack of aplaoe, 1 with broad passage* twisting intermfnablv ; llko the labyrinth of Dmdalus; email ; bedrooms furnished In an old-fashioned manner, and vast reception apartments with polished floor* and painted celling*. Also there were the customary number of family portrait* frowning from the walla; suite of ! tarniahed armour; and anoloot tanestriee 1 embroi lered with grim and ghastly legends I of the past. The old house was crammed with treasure*, rare enough to drive an antiquarian crazy ; and filled with the ftateiim and jetsam of touny centuries, mellowed br time into one soft hue, whioli put them all In keeping with one another. I must nay that I wait oharmed with Ringahaw Orange, and no longer won* , dered at the pride taken by Peruy Ringan in hia family and their pant glories. | "That's all Tery well." eaid Frank, to ; whom I remarked a« muoh; "Percy is rioh, and had he this place oould keep it up in proper etyle ; but I am aa poor as a rat, and unions I can make a ri'th marriage or inherit 1 a oomfortable legacy, house and furniture, park and timbermay all eomo to the hammer." | fie looked gloomy aa bespoke; apd, feeling 1 that I had touched on a somewhat delicate matter, I hastened to change the fubjeot, by Miking to be ahown the famous Blue Chamber, which was eaid to be haunted. This was the true Mecca of my pilgrimage into Hants. "It i« along this passage," eaid Frank, leading the way, "and not very far from J rout own qnartaty. There it nothing in (te ooks likely to bii)t at tho ghost-at all events by day-but it is haunted, for all that.'* Ill us speaking he led me into a large room with a low ceiling, and a brood ouMmmt looking out on to the utilrimmed park, where the woodland was most aylvan. The walla were bung with blue cloth embroidered with grotesque figures in black braid or thread, 1 know not which. There WAS <1 large old fashioned bed with tester and figured cur* tains and n quantity of cumbersome furniture of the early Georgian epooh. Not having been inhabited fur many year* a desolate and silent look-if one may u«e suoh an expression-and to my mind looked gruesome enough to conjure up « fottalioii of fhosbt ]»t «lUH) WW. "I don't agree with yon !'* said I, in reply to my boat's remark. " To my mind thiN ik the very model of a haunted chamber. What in the legend P" "I'll tell it to you ou Christinas Eve," replied Ringan, as we left the room. 11 It i» rather a bloodcurdling tale." " Do you believe itP" said r, struck by the solemn air of the speaker. " I have had evidence to make DIP oredulous," he replied dryly, and closed th* subjeot for the time being. It was renewed on ChriHtma* Eve when all our company were gathered rooml a huge wood Arc in the library. Outside, the snow lay thiok on t he ground, and the gaunt tree* stood up blaok and lenfi'sa out of the wliltr expanse. The sky was of a frofrty blue with sharp-twinkling stars, and a hard-looking moon. On the snow the shadows of intcr laoing boughs were traced blaokly as in Indian ink, nnd the cold WAS of Arctic severity. But seated in the holly-deoked apartment before a noble fire which roared bravely up (he wide ohitnnoy we oared nothing for the frozen worfd- out of doors. We laughed and talked, sang songs and recalled adventure* until somewhere about ten o'olook we foil inl<> a ghostly vein quite in keeping with the goblin-haunted season. It was (hen that Frank Ringan was called upon to chill ou» blood with his local legend. This ho did without muoh pressing. " In the reign of good Queen Anne,*' said he, with a gravity befitting the subject, "my ancestor Hugh ftiugan wa* the owufi of this house. He was a silent misanthropic man, having been soured early in life by th* treaobery of a woman Mistrusting the sex ho refused tn inarry for many years , and it wan not until bo was fifty years of age that he was beguiled by the arts of a pretty girl into the toils of matrimony. Hie ladv wa* Joan Ohalloner, the daughter of the Earl of firanacourt; and she was esteemed one of Che beauties of Queen Anne's court. " It was in London that Hugh met her, and thinking from her innooent and child like appearanoe that she woald make him a true-hearted wife, he married her after a six months' courtship and brought her with all honour to Ufa pshaw Orange. Alter his marriage ho bocame more cheerful and less distrustful of hia felloworeaturee. . Lady Joan was all to him that a wife oould be, and seemed devoted to her husband and child-for she early became a mother-when one Christ mas Ere all this happiness oama to so end." 41 Oh!" said I, rather cynically. 41 Bo Lady Joan proved to be no better than the rest of her sex." ** So Hugh Ringan thought, doctor; but he woe as mistaken aa you are. Lady Joan occupied the Blue Boom, which I showed von the other day; and on Christmas Eve, when riding home late, Hugh saw a man deaoend from the window. Thunderstruck by the sight, he galloped after the man and caught him before he oould monnt a horse which was waiting for him. The cavalier waa a hand some young fellow of twenty-five, who refused to answer Hugh's questions. Think ing, naturally enough, that he had to do with a lover ofhla wife's, Hugh fought a duel with the stranger and killed him after a hard fight. .» Leaving him dead on the snow he rode back to the Grange, and burst in on bis wife to aoense her of penidr. It was in vain that Lady Joan tried to defend herself by stating that the visitor was her brother, who wae engaged in plot* for the rostoratfon of James II., and on ilitit account winked to keep «eret the fnot of bin presence in England. Hugh did not believe her, and told her plainly rh*t he hud killed her lover; whereupon i Lady Joan burnt out into a volley of re* ' proHuhes and cursed her hasbend. Furious I at whet he deemed wan her boldness, Hugh I at fleet attempted to kill her, but not thinking the punishment sufficient. he cutoff her light hatm " 44 Why P *' a*ked everyone, quite unpre pared for this information. 11 Beouite in the first plaoe Lady Joan was very proud of her beautiful white hand*, ana in the eeoond Hugh had seen rhe stranger Hm her hand-her right hand before he demanded from the window. For tbeee reasons he mutilated her thus terribly/' *' And ahe did die P *' 11 Yea, a week After her hand was out off. And she swore that ahe would come baok to touoh nil those in the Blue Room-that is who alept in it-who were foredoomed to death. She kept her promise, for many people who hare alept in that fatal room have been touohed by the dead hAtid of Lady Joan, and hare subsequently died." '* Did Hugh flnd out that his wife was innooentf" "Hedid," replied Ringan, "aud within a month after her death. The stranger was really her brother, plotting for Jam** II,, an she had stated. Hugh WNB not punished by man for his crime, bnt within A year ho slept in the Blue Chamber and was found dead next morning with the murk of three , Augers on his right wrist, It was thought that In his remorse he had courted death by sleeping ill the room cursed by bin , wife.*' | '* And there was a mark on him ?" 11 On his right wrist red mailt* like a burn, the impression of three finger*. Sinoe that time the room has been haunted." " Does everyone who sleeps in it die P " I asked. tl No. Many people have risen well and hearty in the morning. Only those who are doomed to au early death are thus touohed 1" '' When did the last oase ooonr f" *' Three years ago," was Frank'* unex pected reply. 11A friend of mine called Herbert Spunoo would sleep in that room. He saw the ghost and was touohed. He showed me the tnarfca next morning-three red finger marks." "Did the omen hold poodP" "Yes. Sponoe di^d three months after wards. He was thrown from hie horse." I was about to put further questions in a Moentioal vein, when we heard shouts outside, ana we alt sprang to our feet as the door was thrown open to admit Mies L»ur& in a state of eiairempnfc. 44 Fire 1 fire ! " she cried, almost distracted. 44 Oh! Mr. Ringun," addressing herself to Peroy, H vour room is on fire ! I--" Wc wafted to hoar no more, but in a body ruflhod up to Percy'a room. Volumes of smoke were rolling out of the door, und flames were flnshing within. Frank Fingan, how- i over, was prompt and cool*hradori. He had i the a'arm bell rung, summoned servant*, i grooms, and stable hands, and ia twenty glottal the Art wti extingtiUho4< 11 On asking how the firo hud ntarted, Miss Laura, with muoh hysterical *nbbintr, stated that who had gone into Percy's room to WK that all was ready and comfortable fur thr (light. Unfortunately the wiud wufted one of Hie bed-curtains toward* the candle she wan carrying-, and in a moment the room was in a blase. After pacifying Miss Laura, who ooald not help the aooiaent, Frank t urned to hid couNin. By this time we were baok again in the library. 41 My dear fellow," he said, 41 your roura is swimming in water, and is charred with fire. I'm afraid you can't stay there to-night; hut I don't kriow where to put you unless you take the BiuoRoom. 44 The Blue Room I" we all cried. 41 What! 'ho huunted chamber?" 4* Ten; all the other rooms are full. Still, it Perey in afraid^-" 44 Afraidcried Percy, indignantly. " I'm not afraid at all. I'll deep in the Blue Room with the greatest of pleasure.'* 44 But the ghost " 441 don't care for the ghost,1' interrupted tiie Australian, with a nervous laugh. 44 Wc huve no ghosts in our part of the world, uud HH I hare not aoen ono, I do not believe there x such a thing." We all tried tu dissuade him from sleeping .ii the haunted room, and several »f ua offered tu give up our apartments for the night, Frank among the number. But Percy's dignity wax touohed, and he was resolute to keep bis word. He had plenty of pluck, as [ said before, and the fanny that we might '-hink him a ooward spurred him on to resist our entreaties. The cud of it was that shortly before mid night he weut off to the Blue Room, and declared bis intention of sleepiug in it. There wan nothing more to be said in the faoo of Huoh obstinacy, so one by one we retired, Suite unaware of the events to happen before le morning. So on that Christmas Eve the Blue Room had an unexpected tenant. On going to my bedroom I could not sleep. Dae tale toad by Frank Rmgan haunted my fanoy, and the idea of Percy sleeping in that ill-omened room made me nervous. I did not believe in ghosts myself, not, so far as I knew, did Peroy, but the little man suffered from heart disease- he was strung up to a high nervous pitch by our ghost stories-and if anything out of the common, even from natural causae, happened In that room, the shook might be fatal to its oooupant. I knew well enough that Percy, out of prid^ would refuse to give up the room, yet I was determined that he ahould not deep in it; ao, failing persuasion, I employed stratagem. I had my medical ohest with me, and taking it from my portmanteau I pre pared a powerful narootlo. I left this on the table ana went along to the Blue Room, which as I have said before, was not very far from mine. A knock brought Percy to the door olothed in pyjamas, and at a glanoe I could see that the ghostly atmosphere of the place was already telHng on his nerves. He looked pale and disturbed, but bis mouth was firmly set with an obstinate expression likely to re sist my proposals. However, out of diplo macy, 1 made none, but blandly stated my errand, with more roughness, indeed, than was necessary. 44Come to my room, Peroy," I said, when he appeared, 44 and let me give you acme thing to calm vour nerves." "I'm not afraid I'1 he said, defiantly. 14 Who said you were P" I rejoined, tartly. 44 Ton believe in ghosts no more than I do, so why should you be afraid P But after the alarm of fire your nerves are upset, end I want to give yon something to put them right. Otherwise, you'U get no sleep." "I shouldn't mind a composing draught, oortainly," said the little man. ** Have you it hare?" 41 No, it's in my room, a few yards off. Oome along.9' Quite deluded by my speoch and manner, Percy followed me into my bedroom, and obediently enough swallowed the medioine. Then I made him sit down in a oomfortable arm chair, on tbe plea that he must not walk immediately after the draught. Xlie result of my experiment was justified, for in less than ten minutes the poor little man was fast asleep under the influence of the narcotic. When thus helpless, I plaoed him in toy bed, quite satiNflftd that he would not awaken until late the next day. My task aooomplishod, I extinguished the light, and went off myself to the Blue Room, intending to remain there for tbe night. It may be asked why I did so, as I could easily have taken my rest on the sofa in my own room ; but the faot K I was anxious to sleep in a haunted ohamber I did not be lieve in ghosts, as t had never seen one, but as there was a cbauce of meeting here with hh authentic phantom I did not with to lose the opportunity. Therefore when I saw that Percy was safe for the night, I took up my quarters in the ghastly torritory with much curiosity, but an X can safely aver-no fear. All the samo, in tbe case of practical jokes ou the part of the foatherhoaded young luen in the house, I took my revolver with me. Thus prepared, I looked the door of the Blue Room ana dipped into bod, leaving the light burning. The revolver I kept undor iny pillow ready to my hind in case of necessity. 44 Now," said I grimly, as I made myselt comfortable, 44 I'm ready for ghosts, or goblins, or practical jokers." I lay awake for a long time staring at (ho queer figures on the blue draperios of the apartment. In the pale flume of the candle they looked ghostly enough to dinturh the uerv«s of anyone; and when the draught fluttered the tapestries the figures seemed to move as though alive. For this sight alone I waa glad that Poroy had not slept in that room. I oonld fancy tbe poor man lying in that vast, bed with blbnohed face and beating heart, listening to every crank, and watching the fantastic embroideries waving on the walla. Brave as he was, I am sure the sounds and sights of that room would have shaken his nerves. I did not feel very comfortable myself, sceptic as I was. Wheu tbe candle had burned down pretty low I fell asleep. How long I slumberM I know not; but I woke up with the impression that something or eomeono was in the room. The candle had wasted noarly to tbe sooket and the flamo was flickering and leaping fit* fully, so as to display l be room one moment and leave it almost in darkness the next. I heard a soft step crowing the room, and as it drew near a siindun npurtof flume from the cwndie nlvwed me a littlo woman standing by the nide of the bed. Slio was dressed in a gown of flowering brocade, and wore the towering headdress of (he Queen Anne epoch. Her faoe I could scarcely see, as the flash of flame was only moinontiiiy ; but 1 felt what tbe Snotch nail a deadly grue as 1 realised that this was the veritable phantom of Lady Joan For the moment the natural dread of the supernatural quite overpowered me, and with my hsnds and arms lying outside the counter pane I rested inert, and chilled with fear. This sensation of helplessness in the prcsecoe of evil, was liko whut one experiences in a nightmare of the worst kind. When again the flame of the expiring candle shot up, I beheld the ghost close at hand, and-as I felt rather than saw-knew that it was bending oyer me. A faint odoijr of musk was in the air, and I heard tbo soft rustle of the brocaded skirts cobo through the semi-darknoMs. The uext moment I felt my right wrist gripped in a burnii.g grasp, and the sndden para roused my nerves from their paralysis. With a yell I rolled over, awny froin the Shost, wrenching my ft-rist from that horrible R«p, and, almost mad with pain, I grupod with my left hand for the revolver. Ah I soieM it the candle flared up for the last time, and I saw the ghost gliding back towards the topustries. In a second I raised the revolver and fired. The next moment there was a witd cry of terror and agony, tho full of a heavy body on the floor, and almost br>foro I knew where I was, I found mjvelf outsido the door of the haunted loom. To attraot attention I fired another shot from my revolver, while the Thing on the floor I moaned in the darkness most horribly. Tn a few moments guest* and servants, all ^ la rariow aUge* of uudrw*, wme rushing along the passage bearing lights. A babel of voire* a rone, and I managed to babble some incoherent explanation, and led tho way into iIim room. There ou the floor lav the ghost, and we lowered the caudle* to look at its face, I sprang up with n cry Mojnising who it Wdtf. " Frank Rinnan. It WHfc indeed Fran|t tungon, dwguiaed as a woman, in wig and hrocade. He looked at nie with H ghostly face, hi* mouth work ing- neivoUrilv. With an effort he raised himself on inn hands and tried to speak -whether in confusnion or exculpation, I know not. But tho attempt waa too much for him, u choking cry escaped his lips, a jet of blood burst from hid mouth, and ho fell bank dead. Over the runt of the events of that terrible night I draw a veil. There are some things it in us well not to speak of. Only I may state that all through tho horror and con fusion Percy Ringan, thanks to my strong sleeping draught, Hlumlrared as peaoofully as a ohild, thereby Having: hi* lifo. With the morningfH light came discoveries and explanations. We found one of the panels behind the tapestry of the Blue Room open, and it guve admittance into a passage wliioh OD examination proved to load into Frank Ringaa's budroom. On the floor wo discovered a delicate hand formed of steel, and which bore marks of having been in tho tire. On my right wrist were three dietiuot burns, whioh I have no hesitation in declar ing were caused by the inechanioal hand which we picked up near the dead man. And tho explanation of these thinira came from Misa Laura, who was wild with terror at the death of hAr most or, and said in her first outbarat of grief and fear, what I am sure she regretted in her calmer moments. " It's all Frank's fault," she wept. " He was poor and wished to be rich. He got Percy to make ft will in his favour, and wanted to kill him by a shook. He knew that Percy had heart disease and that a shock might prwre fatal; eo he contrived that his oonsin should sleep in the Blue Room on Christmas Eve; and he himself flayed the ghost of Lady Joan with the burning hand.. ft was a stwef hand, whioh he heated in hi* own room so as to mark with a scar those it touched." "Whose idea was this?" I asked, hor rified by the devilish ingenuity of thesobemo. "Frank's!" said Mini Luura, candidly. 41 He promised to inarry me if I helpod him to get the money by Peroy's death. We found that there was a secret passage loading to the Blue Room, eo some yean ago we invented the etorv that it was haunted. ** Why, in Goers uatneP" 41 Because Frank wax always poor. He knew that bis cousin in Australia nad heart disease, aud invited him home to kill him with fright. To make things safe hewn* always talking about the haunted room and telling the story an that everything should be ready for Percy on bin arrival. Our planx were all oatr.ed oat. Percy arrived and Frank got him to maWt the will in bis favour. Then he was told the Mory of Lady Joan and her hand, and by soltinir fire to Peroy's room last night I got him to alcop in the Blue Ghamtar without any suppioion being aroused." '.Yon wioked woman!" I oried. "Did you fire Peroy's room on purpose P" "Yen. Frank promised to marry tno if I heljrci him. We hod to get Peroy to sleep hi the Blue Chamber, and I managed it by (jet ting fire to hi* bedroom. Ho would havo died with fright when Frank, n« Lady Joan, touched him witli the steel hand, and no one would havo been the wiser, Tour sleeping in thebauuted room wived Percy's life, Dr. Lv oe]le« ; yet Fr hi* Roherae, that you ini^ht examioe the bod\ and deolare the death to bo «l natural one.11 " Wan it Frank who burnt the wrist 01 Herbert Spenoc eome vears ap-of" X asked. "Yon!" replied Misa Laura, wiping bi-i red eyes. 41 We thought if the ghout ap Scared to a few other people that Peroy V eath might seem more na mere coincidence that Mr. fipence died tbivc months after the ghost touched him." " Do you know you are a very wicked wom'in, Mis* Laura P" " I am ii very uuhappy one," she retorted ** I have lout the ouly man 1 ever loved, and his miserable ooukiu survives to step into hi* shoes ah the muster of Ringshuw Grange." That was the sole conversation 1 baa with tbe wretched woman, for shortly afterward* *he disappeared. and I funoy must Imve gone abroad, as she won never more heard uf. At the inquest held on tbe body of Frank the whole strango story came out. and whs reported at full length by the London Prew to the dismay of ghn*t*eors, for tho fame of Ringshaw Grange as a haunted rosneion bad been great in the land. I WHS afraiu lest the jury rfiouM Wing in h verdict of manslaughter against hip, but the peculiar foaturea of the case bring taken into consideration I was acquitted of blainc, and shortly afterwards I returned to India with bii unblemished character. Per.iy Ritigun vvu* tembly distressed on hearing of his ooindu's death, and nhooked by the discovery of hi* treachery. However, he WAS cousoled by be coming the bead of the fnmUy, and as he lives a quiet life at Himrshaw Orange there is not much chance of his early death from heart diseaso-at all eventu from a ghostly point of view. Hie Bluo Chamber is Mint up, for it in haunted now bv a worse epwire then that of Lady Joan, wlinse legend (purely fictitious) was so ingenimtsly cot forth by Frank. It in haunted by the ghost of the cold-blooded scoundrel who fell into his own trap; and who met with hi* own death at the very moraent ho was contriving that of another man. AN to myself, I have giveu up ghost hunting mid sleeping in haunted roomfc. Nolhing will ever tempt mo to experiment in that way ugain. One adventure of that sort in enough to ln»t mo a lifetime. 