SOME STORM IS. Messrs. C. Arthur Pearson have added to their Colonial Library the late Mr. Edward Noyes Westcott's clever story of provincial life in New England, entitled David Harum." The character who gives his name to the story is an old country banker, with little knowledge of books but profound knowledge of human nature. His grammar is faulty, but his skill in horse-dealing and cognate subjects is calculated to strike an expansive awe in the beholder,. His rule for such transactions as, in his own words : " Do unto the other feller the way hold like to do unto you and do it in." There is a quaint mixture hero of Josh Billings and Mark Twain, and perhaps it may I be said that the originality of Mr. Westcott's humour mainly lay in his power, of dovetailing the kinds of humour professed by his predecessors in the field. But, in addition to this, he possessed a genuine gift for the tolling of a pleasing story. In " David Harum," for instance, there is a charming love tale, with just enough of modernity to make it a picture of everyday life, and with a touch of romance which will appeal to all readers. That American literature suffered heavily by the early death of Mr. Westcott is abundantly shown in this book, which brings out vividly and brightly the characteristics of the persons of the drama. The dry quaint humour of David Harum charmingly beat off the loves of the young couple and the troubles and worries of their seniors. The reader will like David more than anyone else in the story. i " DETAIL Harris," declared Aunt Polly, "you'd care to be 'ashamed of' yourself." " Ward,"' said David with an air of sickness, "if I've done anything' I'm sorry for, I'm willie to be forgive. now, impose'--." " I've heard enough 'best 'sport' for one day," said Mrs. Bixboodooislvely, unless it's s'pose' you finish your dinner so's sit Sary. on get through her work 'sometime." is not that a beautiful apology ? Does it not bring out clearly the keen and kindly nature of the man ? " Ghosts' by K. and Hesketh Pritchard in real life E. and H. Horon-is another addition to Pearson's Colonial Library. The book consists of 12 short stories, each containing an account of some absolutely incomprehensible freak the part of ghosts. The authors do not profess to explain the reason why a banshee howls round a house or why the ghost of a person who has made himself particularly unpleasant in his life- time is permitted to continue his disastrous course after he has been decently buried. Persons who like to sup full of horrors will enjoy this book, which, by the way, has several excellent illustrations by Mr. B. E, Minns, an artist well known to Australians. " Through Pirie to Fortune " (Unwin's Colonial Library is one of the characteristically pleasant stories with which Mrs. Alexander has made us familiar. The heroine is a girl of good birth whose father had fallen on evil days before he left her to the tender mercies of a stepmother. A fire breaking out in the house in which the girl Cara Leigh by name-was employed, it occurred to her that it would be well to pink her identity. She took service as lady's maid with a retired notices, who saw talent in her and trained her for the stage, where she made a considerable success. Then exciting events ensued in the shape of an attempted abduction by an impassioned lover, followed by the usual gallant rescue. Nor will the judicious reader be surprised to learn that Cara turns out to be the long-lost heiress to the estates of a noble family. There is thus much of the conventional in the story, but the interest is well maintained. . 