Pith and Point. Habit, if not resisted soon becomes neces. eity.-St. Augustine. Censure is the tax a man cars to the public for being eminent.-Swift. A fan with a little ear-trumpet attached is the latest device to aid the deaf. There is many a sprinkling cart that is a needless leak in a city's treasury. * A rich gold lode in Colorado, which was lost about twenty years ago, was recently found. Example is more forcible than precept. People look at my six days to see what I mean on the seventh. A woman in Vincennes. Ind., shot her husband the other day because he would not allow her to go to Sunday school. Snakes in South America fear the secre tary bird, and will even crawl. away from its shadow. This bird can easily thrash a bird twice its size. While in England potatoes are grown almost entirely as an esculent, about 4,000,000 tons are annually used in France in the manufacture of starch and alcohol. Fashionable women are designing their own Jewellery just now, and they have some very pretty Ideas. Cheap-working Jewel lers, " handy" men, are much in request. Until 1871 there were no shad in Pacific waters. In that year a few thousand were introduced by the United States Fish Com mission. Last.year the catch sold'for nearly £8000. - It is asserted that M. Rhigi. of Turin, has succeeded in producing and photograph ing " the globular lightning whose exist ence has been so long doubted by scient ists." It has been said that nowhere in the world are gathered together so many stately, beauttful, and well-dressed women as Covent Garden during the grand opera sea son. A man's own conscience is his sole tri bunal ; and he should care no more for that phantom " opinion" than he should fear meeting a ghost if he crossed the church yard at dark. The report of the Chicago Public Library shows that 1,173,586 volumes were circu lated during the year ending 1st June, which breaks the world's record for free circulat ing libraries. Queen Victoria rules over more Moham medans than the Sultan of Turkey, over more Jews than there are in Palestine, and over more negroes than any other Sovereign who is not a native of Africa. The robes worn by the Speaker of the House of Commons are identical with the judicial costumes of the Master of the Rolls, an office which in former years was fre quently_united with the Speakership. * If the' secret history of books could be ,written, and the author's private thoughts and 'meanings noted down alongside of his story, how many insipid volumes would be come interesting, and dull tacls excite the reader. It is rumoured that Max Nordau is the author of a book which is soon to be pub .lished, entitled " How Women Love." In this volume the author will attempt to present by romance his idea of woman's love. Lady ' Georgianna Grey, aunt of Earl Grey, is nearly 100 years of age, but, though she is not very brisk upon her legs, man ages to keep informed on politics and the talk of the day by having guests to dinner t almost every night. A preacher at Swedeburg, in Nebraska. has got himself into trouble by an alleged hypnotising of a young woman and a re fusal to waken' her. The 'girl says she suffers great agony in consequence when ever there is a thunderstorm; . Dr. H. H. Hale, of Detroit, carries a walk ing-stick the intrinsic value of which is £600. It was presented to him some years ago by friends in Edinburgh. It is orna mented with gold and Jewels, and the head contains a fine chronometer. The tea always used by the Queen is bought from a quaint old-fashioned shop in Pall Mall. Earl' Grey recommended the blend to her Majesty, and it is known as " Earl Grey's mixture." Wherever she goes a stock of the tea-like her bed stead-accompanies her Majesty. The Queen made her will just about twenty years' ago: It is engrossed in vel lum, quarto size, and is bound as a volume, secured by a private lock. When the Prin cess Alice died' in 1878 modifications of the bequests were rendered necessary, and in the summer of 1884, after the Duke of Albany's death, further revisions were mlade. Miss Ellen Terry (says the " Magnet Maga zine") is a great sufferer from neuralgia, and her nervousness is apparent to every one' on the stage. Among her friends, too, it is well known, and when she is dining out it is a very ordinary occurrence for her to leave the table when dinner is about half over. She retires to a dark ened room, and rests on a couch for ten or fifteen minutes, at the end of which time she returns to the dinner table. During the reign of James I. England's first newspaper was born, May, 1622, seeing the first issue of the " Weekly Newes." Notwithstanding that it was illy received, its editor, Nathaniel Butter, lived by the business for eighteen years. The venture was the outgrowth of a custom among the country gentlemen to pay some writer in London for " news letters," and Mr. But ter's brave attempt was merely the printing regularly for the general public that which before had been written in a desultory manner for the private individual. A girl can tell when a man is really in love with her long before his lordship can sum up courage to admit of a verbal confes sion. His eys will wander towards her at table ; he will profess a profound liking for the dishes she affects ; he will admire her. water-colour sketches in spite of the fact that her brothers call them weak and splashy : the colours that she wears are perfection, yet he has the utmost diliculty in telling pink from heliotrope. All these and a hundred more little things betray him. "The Wheels of Chance" is the first work of fiction in which the cycle supplies the central motive. The lover andl the heroine meet anl tlake acquaintance ot wheels. The elopement with the villain takes place on wheels, and after th(e villain has been unmasked there is a reScue on 'wheels by the lover. Instead of a flight on galloping horses, the pair spered down an English road at midnight on tno bli cycles. The bicycle appears in almost all of the illustrations, ansl the characters are seen in cycling costumes. 