PHANTOM IN THE FOG, t,:c coKPLETS'iN. fmtsassu.M V' GERTRUDE WARDEN, Author of "Tho Wooing of: a Fairy," "An Angel of Evil," "Tho Sentimental Sex," &o.;, &c.; ' corysioht. ' CHAPTER- 1.' . ' ' " ' . " - BETTER ' let mu pub \- von up for tho night, Sin- moffn n, m? 'clair. Tlie VfKW m JSSjiuE!!? so 'c'c you can't see your hand lic- eSbW.IW' lore rouv gjjWwwjaK. " face. Cabs arc lint tu be had, . und wouldn't be figaSMBBsaBHS .-iufc if they were." " Oh, . I don't, mind weather! I told my father I shouldn't be late. Now that he's got- nio liiixik he's as (T netvous over nie as s cut with her kittens." "If. isn't a fit night, to (urn a dog into. However, if you must — How is Major General Sinclair, by the way'!" "Down with ii. twinge of gout, I'm sorry to, say ; the result-, I fancy, of too much fai.ltd calf on my retuin. Give me a light befol-e .1 go.'-1 , "I ; siippiisirwc shan't liavo many more bachelor ovenings now." Sinclair's host, and former college' obtiin observed, as lie offered a. match. "Your father will tie marrying yon off as soon as possible to some nice, looking heiress; to' keep the properly in yoiir, branch, of .tlie.faroily.'' „ tiiiiclair lit his cigiir, and paused a mo-' nieut before answering. Then be said, gravely : "You may tako it from mc, Travels,- ( hat ;I shall never liiurry:" " "-Nonsense, my boy! In tlie case of en- ! tailed property it's a duty." "The property -must go. My father knows my decision." , ; . "'What's come over you?" protested bis friend. "You used -to be impressionable enough years ago. I shall begin to think you've left a wife and black family some where in! Central Africa." " Think what you like, " Sinclair retoi-ted- wincing a little, however, at the suggestion. " But you won't movo me from my deci sion." . " Bet you a fiver you'll lie engaged to be married. before tho end of. the year!" "Done! But you'll lose. Good-night-,' old chap !" "Good-night. If you're going to walk,' take care of the crossings. There'll be any amount of accidents on a night like this, and you must have forgotten your London bv this time. Try to get a fellow with a torch or lantern to guide you." " Oh, I'm all right," laughed Sinclair, ns ho turned his cont collar up aud plunged into the thick yellow obscurity. "Shut tlie door or you'll have your place full of fog." " Wonder what reason lie lias for that de termination not to marry?" Travers re flected as lie chained and bolted the front door after the last of liis guests. "I seem . to remember some old stoi-y years ago about Sinclair and a girl eloping from a country! house somewhere ; but the details escaped me, and he's not n fellow yon can pump. Ten to one, by the lone he uses, he's been hard bit at some time. It's a pity, for he's; a real good .sort." Meantime Everard Sinclair, as he made-: .his way slowly through shifting walls of; . yellow. fog, let his. thoughts drift back into bygono days,.. . He had come . back from five j-enrs of exploration and travel to find himself something of a hero and a celebrity. He was iu his thirty-second year, nml'iii tlie pink of phy sical condition, handsome enough, witli i.is lino figure, soldierly, bearing, fair moustache, blue eyes, and: bronzed face, to find favour in any woman's eyes, and sufficiently well, off, as heir to a fine estate and considerable, income, to be something uf a " parti" in the marriage-market. Yet as he blundered on, wrapped in a veil of darkness which - seemed to isolate hint pith bis thoughts from the outer world, he found himself recalling with regret those days ten ycavs ago when, fresh from col lege, witli neither money nor position, lie had fallen madly in lave with a girl whose' equal he hail never yet found. Through -his head the old Cavalier song was ringing: ' I loved a girl, I loved her Without a reason why, l'or sho yvas a gay. young' giglot, Aiid a careless boy was I. . I lost that girl, I lost her, And I haven't a notion how: . But oh, I would givo my right hand For a glance of her gay eyes now 1" < Those gay 'eyes; haunted him to-night. He seemed to see Leonie's face before him, to watch tho Jove-light in those brilliant brown eyes of hers under their long, black fringes, .to note 'the dimples appearing and disappearing round her sott, red month, and to kiss into confusion the silky (lark curls which clustered round her smooth white blow, ' - " Groat heaven ! What a fool I was to Jet her go I" he muttered half aloud. " To thiuk that she was mine, und that sho may lie dead now and I shall never know !" Tho fog grew thicker as lie mode liis way along Upper Oxford Street, and struck off as 1m imagined in tlio direction f his father's house in Burton Square. Tt was close on midnight of Guy Faivkos.Day, and us he drew near tho doors of one of the great London hospitals h6 came upon a group of men and lads celebrating .the day with fireworks and horse-play. So absorbed had ho been in his meditations that lie had hardly noticed the reverberations, dulled by. .the fog, of squibs and rockets which some scattered adventurous souls were letting off iu the darkness. But suddenly a group of shouting and half-tipsy revellers started into weiru dis tinctness before his smarting pycs,.by rea son of the magnesium lights they carried ; .like dancing, shouting demons, their figures showed black against- the glow of l-cd lire which flashed and flickered upon the hid eous masks and paper head-dresses in which they were disguised. The eft'eet was gro- teque und uncanny iu the extreme, and brought Sinclair with a start out of liis re verie, banishing for the moment the bitter sweet memories which haunted hint. But a. moment later, as he ivas feeling liis way with his walking-stick across the road, the past was brought back to him with startling suddenness and reality. For in a circle of blue fire which sprang up from the ground at his foot he beheld the face of a woman, pale and sad in -its beauty, the laughter gono from tho diu-k' eyos, the dimples from the sweet red mouth, but unmistakably tlio face of the woman ho hud so fondly loved, his wife who yet was not liis'v.-ife, Lconie ! CHAPTER II. Oust for a few brief seconds tho beautiful pale face evolved itself fconi the murky at mosphere and then was -gone. But in Everard Sinclair's mind no doubt was possible. He did not stop to reflect, to reason with himself, and recall his own lire-occupation with Leonie's imago, tlio length of time which had elapsed since he had last sceii her, or the uncertainty of the light. < ' A flash of bine fire in a London fog, and lo, out-of the dead past lie had conjured up the image of the woman for whom his soul had hungered so long ! It was Leonie or her ghost ho told hirtfSelf wildly us, crying aloud her name, he groped with out stretched hand in the directiou of the vision. But liis eager hands embraced nothing but stifling fog; aud the gibing voices of tlie street boys, as they prepared other spectral fires on the kerbstones; struck in muffled discord upon his straining cars. , She must have gone on across tho road and up tho street, ho told himself. He even imagined, as he dashed in that direction, that he could distinguish-before him, almost within arms' reach, a slight female fignre iu a long black cloak, bor outline blurred by the nil-pervading fog. "Leonie, Lconie, turn back! It is I — Everard Sinclair." Wliitlier or how far he harried hi pur suit he could not tell; lint always he re tained tho fixed Idea that the woman he sought was ahead of him, and that in a few strides he would overtake . her. Once in deed his fingers grasped what scopicd like a' cloak; but immediately it was wrenched from liis hand, and blundering in the dark ness his foot slipped over the kerb at the moment when si hansom cub, driven by a muddied and gin-dazed drivei", collided with a lamp-post, and. dashed on to the pavement A stunning blow, which felled him to the ground, a sensation of acute pain which was speedily, merged in insensibility, wero his next impressions; but before total uncon sciousness supervened, he could hear con fused shouts, tlie cabman swearing and ex culpating himself to a policeman, and above all, tlio sweet dominant noto of a woman's , voice, which was as music to his ears. " Here is his address ! Now help to lift him into tho cab, and I will i take him home!" Major-General Sinclair, Everard's father, was a. slightly-built, gray-mpustached vete ran of sixty ; ' a widower who Iliad closed a brilliant army, curcer, and ' whose entire hopes \vere centred in -his son. "At a. little before! twelve o'clock on this foggy night -lib was: still sitting up for him in a smoking- jacket and slipi>crs before the library fire. At length a ring at the bell heralded Everard's return. The old officer heard the : opening of the front door; then the shuffiing of feet in tho hall, and aii ex clamation of dismay from the butler. Limp ing u .little as ho leaned on his stick, Jiva- lurd's father hurriedly threw-open the study doorand passed into the hall, to find him self face to face, not with liis son, but with a- hospital nurse, wrapped iu a long, dark cloak, her nfcat black Ipmiiet' with white strings emphasising tho extreme pallor of her face. "Ynii iiro Major-General Sinclair, tire you not?" she asked, addressing him , iu lonos of singular sweetness. -"Your. son bus met with an accident. He was knocked down by a . cab in tho fog. Don't be tdo much alarmed ! Tho doctor will lie here al most immediately,, tgid I think lio will be able to reassure. you. . 1 myself do not be lieve there is any immediate danger, but your son is badly .bruised i£nd slunnod, and I fear the right arm is broken. I was close by wlicn he was knocked "down, and find ing his card in his pocket, I brought him home." . " My hoy ! my poor boy !"-tho old soldier .nl lli-inured a little later, us he bent over the inanimate form and white drawn face of his only sou. "There is no danger, doctor? You are sure of that?" . "There is a good deal of fever, and he is badly knocked about," the doctor said. " But now that liis arm is set, rest and quiet and good nursing arc all lie requires. You can't do better than engage Nurso Clare, who brought him home.- She was u, long timo with us at St. Barnabas' Hospital, and she is oiio of the cleverest and -most careful nurses' wo have ever laid." . " Sho seems an exceedingly nice woman, and most geiitle with my poor boy. Is it '.Miss or Mrs. Glare ?" '' Really, 1 can't tell you! Mrs. , I think; T havo on idea, that? sho i,s a. widow. But Nurso Clare is. what we ulways call her. I will call again tlie first tiling to-morrow morning. Meantime,' General, I should strongly advise, you to go to bed: You canlt do your son'any good by sitting up, und Nurse Clare will look after liim," But Everard's father wus far too anxious on his soil's account to take rest. In iiis dressing gown and slippers lie crept to tlie door of his son's room more than once in the night, always tii find installed near tlio invalid's bedsidu the slight figure of Nurse Clare iu a dark stuff gown and suOwy apron, and a eap which framed a face no longer young, but of a gentle, restful beauty. Tho nurse's plentiful hair, wavy and silky as that of a young child, was already gray, and under lier lustrous darlc eyos were hollows that told of mental and phy sical pain. In her voice and touch, and in tho steady sweetness of lier regard, there existed a wonderful charm of magnetism and sympathy. " I am suffering with you, for I have snf: feted too," was the look in her face, and Everard's father- was even niore alarmed than touched wlicn, as he crept to tlio open door of his son's room, lie found Nurse Clare gazing intently oil Everard's uncon scious face, while big tears rolled silently down her chucks. . "Wliy do you cry?" whispered tlio old gentleman, almost fiercely, as lio laid bis hand upon the woman's shoulder. " Is it because you think that lie will die?" Clearly liis abrupt question startled her ; but she dried her eyes and answered him in level tones of extreme sadness : "It is not that. I am sure he will get well. But your son is very like — someone whom I knew years ago — whom I lost, and who was very dear to me." "Ah! your husband?" , She looked at liim in surprise a moment. Then she bowed her head. " Yes, my husband !" - "Poor girl, poor girl!" He patted her shoulder kindly, and limped out, considerably comforted. ' Slip was probably a. woman of between thirty and forty, be decided ; but she must have been wonderfully pretty in her youth. She. would certainly take care of his son all the more, since ho resodihied her dead hus band. Poor little woman ! CHAPTER HI. " It's all thanks to you, Nurso Clare, that I have got well so soon." " Thanks to a splendid constitution and a capital doctor, rather. And then I must say you have'been-a very good patiunr. " "Aro not all your patients good? Why, there isn't anything you .tell me to do that I wouldn't do !" A ilusli passed over the nurse's pale face. "Now I shall tell you not to talk!" she said. "You want rest and sleep, to build you up. You mnsn't excite yourself by talking." "All right, Nurse! Give your orders, and I'll obey. Tell file to go to sleep, anil sit over there with yonr work or book, and I ask nothing better than to look at you." " Ok ! No more talking please !" She took the seat he had pointed out and bent her bead over her work, trying to ap- petn- unconscious of lier patient's silent scru tiny. AO length a deep-drawn sigh from Kverftrd made her put her work down and look across at him .inquiringly. " Is there anything you want?" she asked in anxious tones. " Yes ; I want, you to listen to me. Can't you sit nearer, and let nio hold your hand, us I used to when I had the fever? Your touch calms mo, and helps me to collect my thoughts; There — that's better ! Now you musn't stop nio, for I have something on iny mind -ivhiuh 'must be spoken ! It was right after all, that you should have brought nie home' uiid nursed, me back to strength; for do you know it was through you that my accident happened?" " Through me?" , "Yes. I was walking, homo from a' friend's houscywliere I'd been diniug. Sud denly, in a circle of blue light the street boys were playing with I saw u face — your face it was, as I know now. But I thought — I thought it wus the face of someone rise !" ' " Someone you were very fond of?" She breathed the words rather than said thcin. . " Someone I: loved with all my heart and soul ! My wife." "Your wife! All, you were -.married seven years ago, were you not? -I saw it in the papers." "Sly marriage was never- in the -papers, and it took place not seven years ago, but ten. The Everard Sinclair,, who was mar ried seven . years ago to Lad)' Mary Clee- thorpo was my first cousin. .Why, nurse, how white you look! And your hand is trembling! What is the matter?" "Nothing! I am a little tired. Let lne go back to my old place; I got the air from the door there. Now go on witli your, story, x'lcase. Is your wife — dead?" "I oim't tell. There's the terribio part of it. Hardly anyone even knows that 1 was luiu-rlcd. Within u week my wife Was taken I from ino, . nnd I ha vo looked for her vainly evbr since. You will laugb, Nurso Clare, , but by that foggy light, ' seeing yotn- face i' suddenly, I thought 1 had found her at : last, anil that you wero sho?" ; "Am I so very like her?"- ; " Like nnd yet not like. She, my Lconie, i wns a girl,- not 18 ; sho would only bo about i f)cven nnd twenty now. She bad an enor mous mass of ouriy dark baiv, the longest and finest I ever saw, ' and a skin liko it. ; pencil. Her figure was plump and wonder- ! tully pretty, and she was the gayest, mer- , l-iest creature you can imagine, singing and i laughing from morning till night. We were ; like a couple of children! But all this was , ton years ago." : ! " Yes. I'coplc change with time," sha ! said quiolly. "But what do. you mean by ' saying alio was taken from you? 'Hiiw can anyone soparato husband and wife?" ! : His brows knit.' I " Unluckily, she was French," lie said.' " We were. staying at a country house. She : was schoolfellow to ono of the girls. Thp I moment I saw Iter -I fell madly in love witli j her; and slib loved mo too, though' tit first sho was" too much tifrdid'pf her parents to own it-- I wrote to them to ask their con-i sent, for nothing would content me -but on immediate marriage. But old Hons. Du- poiit, her father,- was a' self-made man— a wealthy merchant,- with no ideas but money- , making and an inveterate, hatred against tho English. Leonie Was his only daugh ter, anil ho refused my offer 'in most in sulting ' terms, aud ordered his daughter home m a week. ' I know nothing of French law, and I took no one's advice, but I got a special 'license, lind -wo were married se cretly at Wythinge Chureb, not far from Folkestone, Then we wrote lo her people ; my mother was dead, and my father was fighting in -Eululand, so that I could not consult mine. -Monsieur Dupont gave liio no reply, but a telegram, informing me that the mai-riago wns by French law illegal and void, as the consent of Leonie's parents liad been l-cfuseti, and demanding the instant - return of liis daughter. " Need I tell you that I. didn't under stand, and couldn't and wouldn't belieyo it, or Lconie 'either? I loft her at Wythinge, and hurried up to town, having telegraphed to my lawyer to meet mo for a consultation. : To my amazement nnd horror I found it, was perfectly true. Outrageous ns it seems, to our English ideas, French subjects can- : not bo legally married at short notice with out tho consent of their parents ! Love' or , liking is set aside in tho ease of that unfor- Innate nation.' The young man or woman .must' wait until their parents aud guardians , havo well studied the monetary aspects of ; tlie proposed match, and when they have : done haggling, and not before, Romeo is: free to meet liis Juliet, always in tlie 'pre- - sence of their respective 'guardians ! " To old Dupont the fact that his daugh ter w.-is already the wife of the . man she loved was nothing; the fact that she was. heiress to. his ,scraped-up thousands of franes, and had thrown them uivay upon an Englishman without fortune, was every-' tiling. Wlicn 1 returned to my little home at Wythinge, it wus eiiiptv ! : Sly wife had been stolen from me by lfer. father and mother, and from that day to this, Nurse Clare, 1 hare never seen liui- face. Do you wonder t hat T refuse to marry? Hoiv coulil I lake iiirothor woman us my wife while in my secret heart I fee! convinced my Lconie is alive? . : , "For. three. years 1 sought her,- but the Duponts. kept hor close, nud swore to mc she liud-ciitcred ii. convent. At last, in de spair, 1 went abroad, us you know, risk ing iny life , for the sako of tlie movement and excitement of travel iu a savage coun-. try. But tile thought of my little lost wife bus never left me, ami the reason why I delight to look at you and obey you, tlio reason why I inn, as yiiu cult me, such a good patient, is just that, by somo accident, your voice .mid your face remind me won derfully of her. ' As you beml- your head now by this light it might be Lconie- " " A much older and sadder woman than your Lconie, Mr. Sinclair !" " Of course," he returned dreamily, witli his eyes still fixed upon her. face. "And yet — why arc you trembling? And whyara your eyes filled witli tears? Answer me, and don't run away, Nurse " " I— I have to see about your beef-tea and " " Stop !" lie cried, springing suddenly up froiu his pillows, regardless of liis bandaged ariu. "For mercy's sake, don't go! Lconie Sinclair,. Nurse Clave! Anil you thought I had forgotten and had married again! YVhat a blind foul I havu been ! Leonie, nij' wife, come to me!" For a moment she stood by the door, hesi tating, with lier hands tightly clasped over her heart, a slender, pathetic-looking figure in her nurse's dress, with her sad dark eyes and prematurely gray hair.- Then she knelt by tlie bedside of be.r patient, and drawing liis uninjured hand between both bcrs, held it against her cheek, which was wet with tears. "Dearest !" sho whispered. "I am not worth loving new. But, thank God, I have lived to meet you again, and to know you were truo to me all these long, weary- years 1 I was kept in a convent until my father's death. Then I escaped to England, hoping to find you, only to read, us. I thougfit, , of your marriage. I will not tell you how bitterly I suffered ! I l-esolycd to devote my life to others ; but in musing a smallpox case I fell ill, and when I recovered my., colour was gone, my hair was gray. "I was - au old wonuin in appearance at five and twenty! For nil that, I used to long for a. sight of your face, but I never dreamed that you would recognise me, changed ns I inn : and when we came face to face in the fog that night, and you called my name, I run away from you. I thought you were married again, you see,' and I could' not bear that you should see my pale faco and gray hair. And then, iny darling, came your accident and the immense joy to me of nursing you, my husband, a joy beyond iny wildest hopes. I would never have told you, though, if you had not found out? for yourself it was I. I would have gone buck to my work uud — " And now your work in life is to make mo happy, my dear one, as mine fs to cherisli you As soon us 1 can crawl about, we will ,bo married all over again, in Eng land, in France, in every country in Europe, if you like ! I don't mean to lose you a second time! Send for fiiy father. He will! be nearly ns happy as I. But kiss mo first, my Leonie, my wife!" And so Everard's' friend, Travers, won his bet; for Major-General1 Sinclair's son and heir was not only engaged but married be- foro the end of the year. 