HAUNTED HAMPTON. HISTORIC GHOSTS AT THE PALACE. That Hampton Court Palace is reputed to be haunted is by no means the least of its many and undoubted attractions, and within the last few days some conster nation has been caused by the apparition of a spectral hand moving over the old Flemish tapestries in the Guard Chamber. According to the London 'Morning Leader,' an artist from the South Ken sington Museum, who has untu lately Deen engaged in copying. the old tapestries, as serts that a ghostly hand — tn'at of -a woman, wearing, among others, a beautiful marquise ring — frequently appeared hover ing over' the tapestry, so unnerving him that he has discontinued his work. It is generally, supposed .in the .palace that it is the hand of Catherine Howard,' whose ghost 'has long been supposed' to haunt the galleries. Catherine Howard seems to be rather troublesome, for not only does she appear, but shrieks wildly through the old mysterious 'Haunted Gallery.' It was here that she escaped. from her chamber when imprisoned there before being sent to the TWer, and ran along to seek an inter view with Henry VIIL, who was hearing Mass in the chapel. Just as she reached the door the guards seized her and carried her back, while the ruthless husband, in spite of her piercing screams, which were heard almost all over the palace, continued his devotions unmoved. And in this gal lery a female form dressed in white nas been seen coming towards the Royal pew, and just as she reaches iV hurries back with a look of despair, uttering unearthly shrieks till she passes through the door at the end of-the gallery. The gallery is now the lumber-room for old pictures, and .as the staircase is locked up the voice of the shrieking Queen is but rarely heard. Another of Henry's wives, Jane Seymour, also haunts the old-world rooms; a spectre has been seen to emerge from the doorway in the Queen's old apartments, and wauder about with a lighted taper in her hand on the stairs, and in the neighboring Silver stick Gallery. Another and better-known Hampton Court ghost, the accounts of. whose appear ance, are much more definite and circum stantial than are usually forthcoming in sudh cases, is that of Mistress' Sibell fenn, Who, in October. 1538^-exactly a year after Jane Seymour's death — became foster mother to tlie young Prince Edward. She died at Hampton Court in 1562, and was buried in Hampton Churdh, which was ?pulled dowri in 1829, and Mistress Perm's tomb was irreverently disturbed and hei remains scattered, although one account states that the body had previously been removed. But whenever the desecration occurred, certain it is — so the story goes — t'hat imme diately after the shifting of MistrsssPenn's monument strange noises, as of a woman working at a spinning-wOieel, and mutter ing the while, were heard through the wall of one of the rooms in the large apartment in the south-west wing of the Palace. When search was made by tlie Board of Works in the direction whence these mysterious sounds proceeded, an ancient, and until then unknown, chamber was discovered, in whidh an antique spinning-wheel was found, and the old oak Blanks were seen to be worn away where tfae' treadle struck the floor. .The idea broached at tlve time was that, on account of the desecration of the tomb, her spirit had returned to haunt the rooms she had occupied during life. No further manifestations were noticed until a. few years ago, when the phenomena were renewed, and have since become in creasingly frequent and startling. The low whirr of an unseen spinning-wheel, the weird muttering-s of a sepulchral voice, and the stealthy tread of invisible feet have been heard by many; and it is further af firmed tftiat Mistress Penn's tell, gaunt form, dTessed in a long grey robe, with a hood over 'her head, and long hands stretched out before her, has been seen in the haunted chamber. This supernatural visitation was rendered the more impres sive from the narrator being a recent ar rival at the Palace, and ignorant of the legend. . The judgment of even the most sceptical has been shaken by Mistress Sibell's vaga ries, and sOie may certainly c'aim to rank among the bVst authenticated o'f historical ghosts. 