THE LANCER'S DREAM. The fleht waa done, the soldier's slept upon the Kopjo'8 height, . The -watery moon behind dark clouds gave out a sickly light ; Tho jackals' howl across the veldt was heard at intervals. And, growling stalked the lion gaunt around the empty kraals. The stubborn Boer behind his gun blinked like the cunning fox. And closer crouched behind his shield, the friendly boulder rocks. The tethered steeds like misty ghosts stood patient one and all ; And a solemn silence wrapped the camp like some dread funeral pall. The battle lasted till 'twas dark, the dead un- buried were, And many a groan and gasping cry came from the wounded there ; For pain and thirst and suffering keen were now the soldiers' part. And many a sigh and prayer went up as sank the dauntless heart. And 'mong the keenest sufferers was one from Cedarvale By Wybong Creek, from Blue Gum Flat, he recently did hail ; A boy he waa yet in his teens, with smooth and beardless face But in his veins was martial blood, he came of a fighting race. The morn had seen his fearless arm strike down full many a Boer, The misty eve now finds him low from wounds and suffering sore ; For his lance was foremost in the fight, no foemau did he fear. He charged where thickest whero the Boers he charged with ringing cheer. But now he sleeps-the sleep of Death-and dreams of wybong hills. Of mountain alopes and waterfalls - sweet childhood's laughing rills : Of the paddock green where he was wont to round the milkers up ; And e'en the half-blind cattle dog and stagger- ing yelping pup. He sees tho house where he waa born, the stockyard that stood nigh. The stable built of stringy bark, the broken down old stye ; Tho tall gum tree of naked trunk, the wattle's yellow bloom, The spot whero mocked the lyre bird beneath the mountain's gloom. He thought ho saw his mother stand within thc cottage door. The very chicken's pick the crumbs from orl the kitchen floor; His sister Tess and he romped out and played among the treea. And shrieking ran into the scrub to 'void the honey bees. And then he murmured half aloud, as fierce he tried to rise, " Where is the coward base and low that from the Dutchman flies Î Up boys, and charge again !" he cried, 'twas with his latest breath, The misty clouds around the kops went for thc TAIIPRP'S Hfiat.h. .. ABTHÜK FEKRES. ira.ua, itaymond Terrace. 