Totem Gossip. Brief thea— What's the news.— King John, For Bronchial Coughs take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. is. 6d. The Baden-Powell testimonial has been started in Windsor, and has met with some response. Mr. O'Dea, from Trunkey, who has been on sick leave, has been appointed assistant teacher at Darlington. Copies of the Gazette may be obtaided at Mr. H, A. Clements' store, corner of George and Catherine-streets. A huge cattle pumpkin, grown by Mr. A. E. Farlow of Freeman's Reach, is on view in Mr. J. Hull's window. Mr. T. H. Wilkinson-, P.M. at Mudgee, and aon-in-law of Mr. M. Raper, of this town, spent a day in Windsor last week. The Choir of St. Matthew's Church of England are practising special music for the Harvest Festival on Sunday, May 13th. A son of Mr. J. Eggleton, formerly of Clarendon (Mr. J. Eggleton, junr.,) has gone to South Africa with the Imperial Bushmen's Contingent. Mr. S. E. Lees, M.L.A., writes: — 'I always read the ' W. and R. Gazette' — believing it to be one of the most readable papers in the colony.' Mr H. B. Macnamara, the popular manager of Mr C. G. Hatte's trading boat, was in Windsor on Tuesday last, en route for the ' big smoke.' Messrs J. H. Bloome's, J, W. Hull's, and Harry Smith's competitions for largest cobs ; of corn, &c;, are bringing forward Borne Bplendid samples of this product. It is satisfactory to know that Captain A. J. Bennett and Lieut Holborow, both of whom have been wounded in South Africa, are doing well. Mr. Brinsley Hall went to Lifchgow on Wednesday, having received an invitation from the Premier to be present at the open ing of the steel and iron works. A good deal of interest was centred in the Marsden Park alleged child-beating case, heard at the local Police Court on Tuesday last. A full report appears on another page. Miss Ethel Allen, who has been staying with Mrs. J. Ouvrier, of Newtown, for some time, left Windsor on Wednesday last to enter St. Vincent's Hospital as a pro bationer nurse. Mr Charles F. Huenerbein, manager for Mrs H. T. Denmar, will visit Windsor, Richmond, and the surrounding district each January and July, and will be prepared to undertake all duties in connection with piano tuning, &c.; Orders addressed to 172 Enmore Road, Enmore, will at all times receive prompt attention. Mr. J. B. Miller, of Cornwallis, who goes in extensively for bee-farming, robbed his hives at the latter end of last week. Al though the ? flow' was not a heavy one, on aecount of the adverse season, the quality of the honey made up for the lack in quantity. The P.M. at the local Police Court on Tuesday : 'The sentence of the Court is that you be imprisoned for two months in Parramatta Gaol, with hard labour.' The accused : ' Alright, the Boers will pay the British for this over in Africa.' The P.M. : ' You ought to be over with them.' ' We colored people are treated like Boers in this country' was the remark of a' vagrant at the local Police Court on Tues ? day last. ' I'll take a boat and clear out to my own country,' he added. The Bench, however, didn't want to get rid of bim too . soon, and ordered him to be detained for a couple of months with hard labor in Parra matta Gaol. A steamer excursion to Lower Portland is being arranged by Mr. J. Simpson, of Freeman's Reach, for Saturday next, in . conneotion with a tennis match between Freeman's Reach and Lower Portland Clubs. Plenty of amusement will be found for persons making the trip, and it will also afford a good opportunity of seeing the jriver scenery. ' Mr. 'Banjo ' Paterson is lavish ip the praise of the horse he rode with General ^French's column to Kimberley — a horse by ' Myles na °Coppaleen (Mr. C. J. Roberts' iamous sire), from a Ringleader mare — ?presented to him by Mr. E. R. White, of Merton. In a letter of thanks to Mr. 'White, 'Banjo' says ho is the ' best counted maa wifch Feeaoh's division,' Woods' Great Peppormint Cure for Coughs and Go.ds never fails, is. 6d. A number of local people went to Sydney to see the ' Bushmen' off on Monday. There will be a parade of ' A' (Windsor) Company tins (Saturday) afternoon on the Park at 3.30 p.m. A saddle disposed of by art union at the Fitzroy Hotel on Friday last was won by Mr. Jesse Gosper. Among others who have gone to the Bathurst Show are Messrs. J. Hull and J. W. Chandler. Exhibitors at the H.D.A.A. Show who desire to dispose of their exhibits can obtain ' For Sale' cards at this office. A big libel action is to come of shortly, in which a North Richmond resident and a district syndicate will be concerned. Mr. Melville, Chemist, &c;, George-street, does not advertise that he is the leading chemist in Windsor, as that fact is sufficiently advertised by the people themselves.* A Harvest Festival service is to be held at St. Matthew's Church of England on Sunday, May 13th. The Archbishop will be present. We know several intending exhibitors along the Hawkesbury River who were un able to enter exhibits for the Show, owing to their inability to get schedules. R. A. Pye, M.P.S., ia the LEADING Pkar maceutical Chemist, Surgeon Dentist, Stationer, Book seller, News Agent, Tobacconist, etc. Orders from any part of the district receive prompt attention. Mr. Johnson, the teacher at the Oakville Public School, has 'taken up his residence in Windsor, in the new cottage recently erected on the site of Hoskiason's old mill. The Hunters' Contest at the forthcoming Show for all horses which have not won 1st or 2nd prize for any jumping contest at any Show, is likely to pro?e a wellcon tested event. Mr. Wilfred Blacket, barrister, who ap peared in the Windsor Police Court last week, was at one time sub-editor of the ' Bulletin' — in the days of ' The Pilgrim,' Jack Haynes, and others. Mr. Frank McDonald, a nephew of Mr. J. J. O'Brien, of Windsor, spent a fevrdays in town last week. Mr. McDonald is em ployed at the office of Messrs Gordon and Gotch, advertising agents, of Sydney. Mr. Leslie Clatham took the service at the Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening. Mr. Clatham will be remembered by mem bers of the Windsor L. and D. Society, as he took part in the inter-club debate here a short time ago. A coincidence : Three families, all Hawkesbury natives, occupy three houses in one terrace in Cortell-street, Newcastle. Both husband and wife in all three house holds first saw the light on the beautiful Hawkesbury. We would call attention to Mr. W. C. Barker's advertisement in this issue. Those who want new suits for the Show cannot do better than give W. C. B. a turn, and they will want to hurry along or else they'll be ' left,' as orders are rolling in. Mr. G. Robertson this week imported a piece of granite from Victoria weighing 2£ tons, which is to be worked into a monu ment to be placed over the remains of the late Mr. John Murphy, who died at Kurra jong, and was interred in the Windsor R. C. Cemetery. The maize harvest has started in earnest, and business at the local goods shed has been brisk during this week. An average of 14 trucks daily of maize, pumpkins, and wood have been despatched for some time, which will show that Mr. T. Griffiths, the obliging porter, through whose hand the consignments pass, has not much time to spare. The efficacy of prayer. At St. Matthew's Church of England on Sunday week, whilst the preacher prayed that his people might be preserved from plague and pesti lence, from war, and from storm and tempest, a fierce gale was raging without. The moment the invocation ceased ?o did the [storm, and peace and quietness reigned. The weekly meeting of the Windsor L. and D. Society was held on Tuesday night. Mr. Nefctleship was voted to the chair. On account of the attendance of members being small', it was deemed inadvisable to proceed with the debate, ?? Should totalizators be legalised,' and after a lengthy discussion on points of oi'der, an impromptu debate, ' Do ghosts exist,' wag taken up by Messrs H. Clark and Mr. G. McCauley. It was deoided that they d.o exist. I* or Chronic Chest Complaints Woods' Great, Pepperment Cure, is 6d. — . ? 1 Messrs. Gow Bros, are sending soino of their champion fowls to the Bathurst Hho.v. Mr. W. A. DUey, of Cornwallis, has some of the largest jam melons in the dis trict. Mr. Clarrie Hayes has obtained a good billet in Sydney at Bafcson and Co's print ng works. The School of Arts improvements are being pushed on by the contractors, Messrs Gersback and Pickup. It is'proposed to hold a serieB of concerts shortly in connection with St. Matthew's Church of England. A brother of Mr. H. T. McAlister, formerly C.P.S. in Windsor, is at present working in the district. Mr, Melville, Chemist, &c;, George-street, Windsor, personally conducts all business at his well and favourably known establishment. The infant son of Mrs. John O'Brien died on Saturday, and was buried in St. Matthew's 0. E. Cemetery on Sunday. Constable McCarty, the new Windsor trooper, rides a horse bred at Mr. P. Char ley's Belmont stud farm. It is a beauty. It has been decided to use incandescent burners in the Church of England in place of the ordinary burners at present in use. Lieutenant Jones, of the local Salvation Army, left for Manly on Thursday, Lieut. Harris of Manly having been appointed to Windsor branch. The donation made to the Building fund of the School of Arts by the Windsor Half holiday Association last week will, together with the subsidy, amount to about £17. Nurse Finn, who is well-known in Windsor, is at present on a holiday, and is staying with Miss Risbey, matron of the Windsor Hospital. Two, fine gardens in Newtown are thosw belonging to Messrs. R. W. Cobcroft and G, Holland. Both are at present filled with choice autumn blooms. A few hours' good rollicking sport is promised by. Mr. W. Cobcroft for this (Saturday) afternoon at Wilberforce, when races for bridles, sweepstakes, &c;, will take place. The ordinary meeting of the Borough Council lapsed on Wednesday evening for want of a quorum. The Mayor, and Aid. Berckelman, Mortley and Taylor were present. During the heavy storm on Sunday week a large tree was blown down at the Vine yard. Portion of it fell on to Mr. Byron's house, but no damage was done, though the inmates were greatly scared. Messrs Brunton and Co. have been regu larly giving a two guinea special prize at the H.D.A.A's Show. This year, owing to the treatment they received on the last occasion the firm has given its donation to the Windsor School of Arts. The famous cure for many diseases, Viney's patented Pine-apple Rum, cures la grippe, bron chitis, influenza, sore throat, coughs, hoarseness, tickling cough, catarrh, croup. This liquor to be had in any quantity, and at any price, at the Railway Hotel only. Advice free at any time. Angelo J. Viney, Railway Hotel, Windsor, pro prietor. Establishsd 15 years * At the Windsor Licensing Court on Tuesday last, before Messrs F. R. Wilshire, P.M., and G. M.Pitt, L.M., a renewal of the license of the Commercial Hotel was granted to Arthur Cobcroft. Mr. R. B. Walker appeared for the applicant. The Maori medal found in a tumble-down house on the Windsor Road, bearing the inscription ' William Brown, assistant surgeon, East Coast 1865,' has beeu in spected by Messrs. Smith T. and George S. Greenwell, both of whom served in the Maori war. It is identical to the medals gained by these gentlemen for distinguished service in that war. A lot of country papers are issuing supplements this week in connection with the late Sydney Show. An offer was made to us concerning them, but we couldn't see our way to buy any. They were to have appeared last week, but something went wrong with the 'Rorks in Sydney, and th^ ' F.P.A.' couldn't get them printed. Consequently, every second exchange one opens contains an apology for the delay. Our contemporary is one of the number, and from a paragraph published last week one would think that the thiug was being printed in its own office, Rev. C, A. White, B.A., has returned, after a very pleasant holiday in the beauti ful IllawaiTa district. Mr. T. R. Smith's Picnic Races take place at Penrith today (Saturday). Special services are to be held at the Salvation Army barracks on Sunday next. The Restoration Fund of St. John's ? Church of England at Wilberforce amounts to £90 10/11. Mr. J. 0. L. Fifczpatrick, M.L.A., was at Rylstone this week, and afterwards went to Broken Hill. Who wants a commission in the newly formed Lancer Squadron ? Don't all speak at once ! Mr. Melville, Chemist, &c; , George-street, Windsor, wishes us to state that his greater experience should be considered by persons re quiring anything in his line. Mr. J. Meyers has secured the contract for painting Mr. Brinsley Hall's residence. Joe is a good tradesman, and should give thorough satisfaction. A football match between the Windsor Grammar School and a team of Windsor boys was played on the Park on Saturday afternoon last. The members of the Windsor Literary and Debating Society have accepted the invitation from the Principal of the H.A. College to visit the institution. On Sunday evening, at Pitt Town, the. Rev. W. S. Newtown, M.A., baptised his grand-child with water from the River Jordan, sent out by the infant's uncle. R. A. Pye, M.P.?., Pharmaceutical Chemist and Surgeon Dentist haB one of the moat up-to- date Pharmacies in the colony. All Drugs and Chemicals of purest quality. JSo Substitution. Business ia con ducted under R. A. Pye'a personal supervision, with accuracy and dispatch. The tickets for the social on the second night of the Show in connection with St. Matthew's R. G. Church are in circulation, and there is every probability of the func tion being a big success. A representative of W Blackburn and Son, the well known Piano and Organ Tuners, of Parra matta, visits Windsor and Richmond districts regularly and also on receipt of letter. The first hold some first-class testimonials from residents of the district. They have been established since 1876 * Mr. Chester has in his possession the lead of a bullet out of a shrapnel shell, which came very near striking his brother while fighting in the Transvaal. This bullet, which is flattened out into the shape of a heart, was sent by the first post after the relief of Kimberley. Mr. Hilton Hayes, of Freeman's Reach, who has been in the employ of Mr. R. Woods, of North Richmond, for some time, was enrolled in the Mounted Police on Mon day last. He is a young man of sterling character, and we congratulate him on the success of his appointment. In referring to MissE. M. Pitt's appoint ment to Marsden Park, in our last issue, we inadvertently stated that Miss Pitt had been pupil teacher at Grafton. , It is some three years since Miss Pitt served her pupil teachership, and prior to her appointment to Marsdeu Park had charge of a school in the Grafton district. In compliance with a largely signed requisition, the Mayor Mr. J. J. Paine, J.P., has convened a public meeting for the 30th : April, at the Windsor Council Chambers, for the purpose of forming a Rifle Club in the Hawkesbury district. Mr. W. Moses? J.P., is the principal mover in the matter. People living in the vicinity of the Wind sor water-works were alarmed on Sunday morning last by the appearance1 of a queer looking object on top of the tanks in Fitz gerald-street. Some of them at first thought it was a species of extinct marine animal which bad issued out of the water, and ran for their guns. Others declared that it was Darwin's ' missing link,' and were about to try and capture it, when it suddenly disappeared. Ifc has been seen about town since, and residents eye it with considerable suspicion. There was an excellent muster of ?' A' (Windsor) Company at last Saturday after noon's parade on Windsor Park, the parade slate showing 54 present. Each section was exercised by its respective Section Commander in the drill of a section in extended order under the supervision of Captain Paine and his officers. The men were also instructed in attack formations after which the Company marched up George-street to the School of Arts and was dismissed. The Company falls in at 3.30 p.m. this (Saturday) filternoon on tho Park for instruction in pitching and striking Tents and Shelter Trench Exercise, 