\- - : , o. OUR LONDON LETTER, ' IFROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.! LONDON. 23rrl NnvpmLnr A conference of th'e. Social Institutes' Union, convened by: Archdeacon Sinclair and Mr. H. Crawford, Smith., M.P., . and attended by most of the prominent lion- don philanthropists, was held in the chap ter .house of St.; Paul's Cathedral y ester- day . afterrion. . In, the report presented, special reference was made to a leading' article in the issue of "Tbe Age," dated 18tli August last, which was quoted at con siderable 1 length. The main object of the institute, it would appear from the report, is the promotion' of temperance among , the -grown-up working classes, but the discussion very largely turned up-, on a still more important subject — the education of the young, and the 'vital point, how to get hold of ''the' "hobblede hoy, and divert him from becoming a "hooligan" into a peaceful and orderly citizen. One of the speakers, after alluding to the -significant fact that boys in the Midlands are actually qualifying themselves for the truant school, where ,they get technical instruction, and are taught a trade, in order to escape the .hateful curriculum of the board school, with the result that the, sapient mana- ngers, instead of making their board school more attractive, make the truant school more penal, went on to mention an .experience of his own some years ago in Melbourne, where he strongly urged Colonel Brownrigg, then on the commandant's staff, to . foster apd encourage cadet corps. The A.A.G. did not at first appreciate the idea, but afterwards 'entered' into it warmly, and the results were . most satis factory. True, some corps had to be dis banded for irregularities, but on the whole the effect was found to be. an improvement all round in cleanliness, discipline and other social .virtues. The- matter .is, how ever, fraught with difficulties, a sample of 'which may be noted in the opposition by a faddist on the. London School Board .to .drilling boys with carbines, "because it taught them to kill one another"! Ad ditional interest is given to the matter by the desperate fight for the mastery of the London School Bo'ard,' now raging. Has the science of medicine , really ad vanced since the days of Moliere? Consider ing the diversity of. opinion held by scient ists on certain subjects, one is sometimes in clined to doubt this, and to fear that we are no better than our forefathers. For in stance, the mosquito-malaria theory, preach ed as pure gospel, the. other. day,' has been violently attacked in Berlin by Professor Koch, who tells us, as the result of his in vestigations in Italy, Java and New Guinea, he is convinced that, although the de veloped malarial parasite,' the cause of the fever, is introduced into the human body by gnat bites, yet the permanent home of the germs is in; the body itself, and that it is therefore necessary, in combating the disease, to begin with the patients, and leave the gnats alone. Again, a physician writes to the "Times," stating that anti- plague and anti- di'ph'theritic scrum, so great ly relied upon, are utter failures, and, such being the case, it is to be presumed that the Pasteur theories fall to the ground. Sir Charles Bruce, K.C.M.G., who has been suc cessively GovernQr pf the- Windward Isles, Lieutenant-G'overnor of British Guiana, and Governor of Mauritius, writes, not as a scientist or expert, but from his own per sonal observation, in favorable terms of the prophylactic properties of serum. The mischievous practice indulged in by certain sporting papers of offering attrac tive competitions to the betting public has been suppressed, go far lis law can suppress it, by the decision pf the Court of Queen's Bench, for consideration of Crown cases re served on the appeal of Ada Jane Stoddart, proprietress of a weekly paper called "Sport ing Luck," against conviction of an offence under the Betting Act. The last page of the paper contained conditions of. a so-called .competition,, uhdeiv.wbich prizes,, statedv: to be in value friftii' £3000 downwards, were given to subscribers to the paper if tliey hit the mark by filling up coupbns and forward ing them to the office. These replies filled from 20 to 22 sacks on Tuesday ' mornings, when special arrangements were made by the Post Office for their delivery. . One wit ness was called to prove the bona fides of the competition, by stating that he himself had received £1000, to acquire which he had invested 5/8 in penny coupons, arid a September number of the ' paper ciaijned that £46,000 had been paid away in prizes since January. The: jury, on the direction pf Mr. , Justice Channel, . found that the defendant had in fringed the gtatutc, but judgment was de ferred, anfi a case stated for appeal on the ground of misdirection. The Appeal Court, however, consisting of the Xprd Chief Jus tice gnd Justices Wills, Wright; Kennedy and Phillimbre, after hearing counsel; unani mously concurred with the finding of the Central Criminal Court, and the conviction was affirmed. . : The secrets pf the American practice cf "doping" or administering drugs to race horses just before the event, either to stu pefy or to .stimulate, are under , inquiry just now. For illegitimate "doping," the hypo dermic syringe is the liandiest instrument, and the dose— opium or belladonna in one ease, and strychnine or phosphorous in the other — is injected by the side of the jaw or in the neck. But the most ingenious . mode of stimulating a horse is by convey ing an electric shock through the jockey's boot! A belt containing a small battery is passed round the rider's waist, and the current is conveyed to his ' boot : by an isolated conductor.. When the jockey claps his heels to the horse's sides: the current is established, and — ''well, the horse flies!" The question of whether "doping" race horses does or does not come tinder the head of cruelty to. aniipals was ventilated by the Animals' Aid Society at St. James's Hall this week, the lecturer being Professor Atkinson, who had the field to himself, for even his chairman confessed that he knew nothing about the subject; and .was only, there to obtqin information. Unfortu nately the specimen cleetrie battery sgid to be oarried by the' jockey round his waist in a belt, whose current is communicated to the horse through the mediupi of his heels, was not forthcoming,' but the lecturer claimed that St was less cruel than the spur. A statement ftlmt horses were Some times to be seen after a race "slashed to pieces" evoked indignant protests, 'though every observant racecourse visitor mitst know that the 'allegation is well based. The meeting ivns an abortive brie, as everybody except the lecturer professed, complete . ig norance on the subject, but- what Svould strike the average pathologist is; the. fact that a price has t« be p»|d by th? unfortu nate and helpless animal ; for the adminis tration of stimulating or stuepfying drugs, and that the inevitable reaction must greatly prejudice his value for 'stud and other purposes after the termination of his racing career. " Litigious females are the very' plague and pestilence of our police and law courts now adays, and had King Solomon lived in this era he would have , devoted a special para graph to them. Regardless of technicalities, they take up the time of the court by fruit less arid noisy applications, making the groundlings laugh, but the judicious grieve. Mrs. Weldon, Mrs. Giacometti Prodgers, Miss Frail, Mrs. Thompson and, Lady Cathcart have all had their day, apd it is to he hoped their ghosts are laid; but. Mrs. Driice, a lady who maintains that the vault, of the late Duke of Portland will, if opened, prove a cenotaph, and that her son is the real Duke, still crops up periodically. Her suit, Drucc v. Young, came up for hearing in the Probate Court the other .day, the result being that, the president vainly endeavored to explain to plaintiff that the court had no power to meddle with mausoleums, where: upon defendant's counsel moved that plain tiff be dismissed with' costs, and asked the. lady to think before 'she swore to reckless statements. Mrs.- Druce, although dis missed, notwithstanding her protest about costs, which she declared to be "all non sense," had the lfist word, for she egpited|y replied— ' I. shan't think at all. My son is the Duke, of Portland. I am not going to think any more about ' it." Gathering up a . . ... mass -of papers, she thanked his Lordship and left the Court. As might jiaye been expected, -the Corpish Grand; Jury "hqve-:ignored the bill against MaiyMafidernf fpr instigating lier step daughter .to u murder her younger brother, William John, by pushing him off the pier at Ketvlyni riear Penzance. "No jury could possibly haVe.conyipted oVi. the inconsistent gyidenee of fwo young girls. Nevertheless, the matter; Ib calling for the most searching inquiry, and it is'to be hoped that sorilp evidence may be forthcoming to throw more light on (;his mysterious fatality. The similarity to the Constance Kent case, has' bcen..alrcady: pointed out;, but should the Accusation against Mary Maddern prove to be a malicious invention of her step-daugh-. Iters, it will more nearly rcseriible one of much older 'date, wliieh' furnished Mr; Har rison Ainsworth with materials for. his ."Lancashire Witches," and was thoroughly exposed in a paper published by the Cam den Society. In this case a diabolical ' child of 13, named Janet Device, laid- informa tions for witchcraft against her grand mother and many, neighbors, and so far suc ceeded in imposing upon a credulous and superstitious justice of the peace as to pro cure the cruel- and barbarous executions of a lady of gentle, blood, and of a number of persons innocent of any crime except the heinous offences of old ago and poverty. ; There is a noticeable increase in the num ber of motor cars which perambulate the streets of London. Not only are wealthy people adopting them, selling their horses and exchanging coachmen and grooms for engineers, but the larger tradesmen drive their deliveries about in horseless carriages. The Post Office, which runs nightly four-in- hands, bearing the parcel ppst to Brighton and elsewhere, has not so far adopted the in novation, but the enter'prisiug.firm of Wm: Smith and Son send a large portion of their heavy consignments by motors, and their example will probably be shortly followed by Shoolbred, Maple, Whiteley and other 'large purveyors. We are fast approaching the state of things forecasted, by the en lightened pasha mentioned- in the preface to "Eothen," who indicated his notions of Western civilisation thus:— "Whirr! Whirr! All by wheels! Whiz!- Whiz! All by steairi!" The affairs of Baron , Sudelcy, a Privy Councillor, justice of the peace for Glouces tershire,- deputy lieutenant- for Montgomery shire, and, before his accession to the title, a member of .Parliiwtient for the Burghs of that county, have been adjudicated by the Bankruptcy Court. The debtor succeeded to an embarrassed landed entailed estate, upon which he spent large sums without obtaining any adequate results, and his ruin was completed by the downfall of the Mur- rictas in 1891. Honestly desirous, it would seem, to pay his creditors in full, he specu lated heavily in Australian mining proper ties, the result being, that he drifted from Scylla on to Charybdis. Allegations of fraud were .withdrawn, and Lord Sudeley remains without a stain on his honor; hut for hav ing committed no fewer than five offences under the Bankruptcy Act, liis certificate is suspended for three years. The sequel to the Dover court martial on Lieutenant A. Beckett, charged with appro priating half- crowns frorii the canteen till, has taken place in the form of a court mar tial. demanded by himself, on Master Gun ner W. H. Achesori, -R.A., who was indi rectly the prosecutor in the former instance. It has resulted in his honorable acquittal; but to the lay mind the questiori as to how the' marked coins found their way . into Lieutenant A. Beckett's pocket remains as insoluble'as the presence of tlie'apples in side the dumpling is said to have been to George III. At the monthly dinner of the London Chamber/ of Commerce, held at the Hotel Cecil last Wednesday, and presided over by Lord Brassey, the discussion turned upon Ijnp.erial federation, After the chairman's introduction, the principal speakers on' the subject were Sir Thos. Foweli Buxton; Sir George T. Goldie, Sir George Clark.;, Mr. Spencer Wilkinson, and'Mr.W. P. Reeves, Agent-General for- New Zeiiland. The latter advocated as a practical step the creation of a small Imperial Council sitting in Lon don.. as nn .advisory council to the Secre tary of State for the Colonies. Whv should not the House, of jLords be the Imperial centre, where a certain number of colonial .representatives might be"allowed to sit and . speak 'ev'eri/WitKpub.'tbei'rrght 7of .voting ? It was premature to Jtalkthf an imperial - Zoll-' vercin before"- we Ji'a'ai nriImperial' Parlia ment. We had ari 'Empite. which must either be federated or which must break asunder. " .. 