HIS VICTIM. A ROMANCE OF OUR OWN J>AY, CHAPTER II.—GAPTA1X ROGERS' / NARRATIVE (continued). BY STEPHEN SOMERSET, Author of "The Man From Johannesburg.' I've had many a rough voyage in my time. but, short of actual smpwre^k, i never had a worse one tnan .this tinie xjditage.to Autv\ erp. 1'ue wind came shrieking across the se.: like a mad thing, and tae waiLei- jvooired in on us till the dec-K. warlike a mill-race, and all -the time tins was; going on tlie moon alione overhead us clear as on a summer a lugat. its good to see by, no doubt, buit as 1 s^id beiore, 1 didn't like moonlight; and. if J. U likert it itlheu, uhat voyage wouid-iiav made me hate for evtr alter. We were .ttaeshing tjnough it well enough, and making lair lieadway 111 spr of tiie storm, when all at once, tubove tile roar of the wind and water, 1 Heard a cry that I'd never iiearcl before in downrigiiis earnest, and hope never -la hear: again as tang <is I live. 'lne cry was "Murder." My mind inisgoive me 'that J'd clean forgotten that poor young fellow in the cabin, and 1 seit oil at lull speed and cleared tncompanion almost at a bound. As 1 staggered inito the saloon, I nearly knocked down Hardstvme, who was standing there, loo-king startled for once in his life. "Let line pass/" Mr: Vernon Otterleigh was hissing between his teeth as I went down. "You'll never leave this ihere cabin, young man, till we've got a couple of policemen to go along with you," said Hard stone gnmly, and not giving way an inch. OiteBleigil stood gWrrng at li{m like fiend. As Hardatone stepped aside to let me pass I saw. that Otterleigh was feeling for some weapon, but I caught his arm before he had time to find it. He struggled fiercely, and almost with the strength of a madman, but Hardstone coming to my assistance, he gave in at last. "Is Sir Charles hurt?" asked I, as soon as I recovered breath after the scrimmage. "No, -but he eoon would 'have been, if I hadn't luckily been lying awake watching him. This precious scoundrel was going to put some/thing in his medicine that wouldn't have agreed witih bim, I. guess.' "1 think—it- must have been—a mistake,' began Sir Charles, coming forward as pale as a ghost. "A mistake—ay, there's no doubt of that, and a very awkward one it's likely to prove for Mr. Otterlej®h here." 'TVhere is this poison?" asked L "He emptied it out when I caught him, and broke the botitle against the woodwork." "You lying villain! You cannot prove that it was poison," exclaimed Otterleigh, triumphantly. "No, but I guess a chemist can when he examines this," returned Hardstone, ocolly, as he picked up the broken bottle, in which a few drops of a thick dark liquid stiK remained. If there had been amy doubt in my mind about Gitterleigh's guillt, his face at moment would have amply convinced one. For a few seconds he looked the picture of rage and despair—then a change came over his face, and he suddenly thrust mc aside before I was aware of what he was going to do, and made for <the deck. Quick as fee was, he got caughit, for Dick Hackett, coming below to look for me, and meeting Otterleigh rushing on deck, sprang forward and stood in tihe way, thinking, ae he told me aiiter, erf -his brother who drowned himself on that other voyage to Antwerp years before. Hardstone and I were soon on deck, too, and we brought our gentleman dto-wn.aga.in, looking very crestfallen. "Thank Heaven you brave saved him,' exclaimed Sir Charles fervently, but ' don't think anybody said "amen." "Saved him—yes, for Portland, I hope," : muttered Hardstone, and it would nave been for the gallows if I'd been a bit later in speaking just now." I hushed him down for poor Sir Charles's sake, and then, having called up a mail I could rely on to keep an eye on, "the prisoner, and sent Hackett to take my place on the bridge, I drew Hardstone aside to consul t him as (to wkht was -to be done. "Long as I have been on this route, don't righltly know (She wtays of tlhose. foreign police," said I to Hardstone, "but g g G n l h a • BloiMd n o H I suppose the proper thing wtH be to : give information, to the Prefect as soon as we get to Antwerp." "Yes, will they try 'him there or send him back shome do you suppose?" "I can't say, bint if he is to be tried' in England I only (hope they wont send hmm back in my vessel, for I Seel as if we'd got Jonah aboard—I only " widh, we were efetfe asl'Dre with 'him now." My words might have been prophetic, as it seemed to me afterwards, but H-aidstone, shrewd as he is in most maitoers, never understands anything of <Bhis sort, and he only said— "Oh, Otterleigh is .-Safe enough with that, sturdy Irishman to look after him, and now as it's getting into «fche small hours, I think I'll turn in again. Good night." "Good night, fc> you." Hardstone retired to 'ais berth, iand when I went below to'look after poor Sir Charles a quarter of an hour later, he was snoring like !a steam-engine. It certainly takes a lot to put some folks out of tlhjeir way. "Here, sir, I've brought you \a glass of brandy," said I 'bo Sir Charles. He thanked me, and dnank it, -but it didn't seem to do Ihim nrmeh good. I never saw anybody look so distressed in all my life. "Captain, I want to ask you la. favour,' said he presently, very much agitated. "If there's anything I can.. do for you. you've only to command, me," for I'd taken quite a liking to "She lad, mho was plucky nough so far as has own danger was concerned, in spite of his delicate looks. "What I ask—-nay beg of you, is that you will never say one word—of whait has liappened to- nigftit tto any hjuanaii being, and h-j-t y<?u will prevtuil on Mir. Hardstone and our crew to keep silent too." I was taken aback by this request. "Well, Sr Charles," said I, "I'd do a deal to serve ycai—far more tflran I'd do or any otiher man. Fd only known a matter f a few hours—but I don't see any way to doing this. If would be -an injury to other folks to. let such a deed go unpuaMied, and besides I believe it's d crime in law Co hns!a siidh tfiungs up." "Ay—it s a punishable oBence, sure enough, iand so it oug⁢ to be," struck in Hardstome, who, as. usual, had awakened just in the nick of time to hear what was going on. _"I know little of law—I only know that Vernon is miy brother, and thait I cannot bear the thought of (his being tried like a crhninul "- "As he is," put in TLaifldstone, who means well, but has no mercy on sensitive folks. "Do keeip- your opinions to yourself," said under mj' breath. "You.say vxhi wonM do a great deai forme me tell you it would kill me if this of my brother's were to become known." "Ay, it comes hard when one's own flesh and blood does ought to disgrace one," said Hardstone, relenting, for wounded pride was a thing he could understand, tlhcmgh tenderness wasn't. He'd paid hundreds of pounds of hard-earned nK>neiy to prevent a serapegrace lad of has from being prosecuted for embezzlement, ani I knew he was thinking <nf it tfluen. WMle 'he was speaking I made Tip my mind it that I wwuM do es Sir Clhuirles-wished. It wasn't altogether right perhajps, and I had misgivings about it afterwards that made me cmiange my intentions, but it seemed to me that, it really would be a deathblow to him if (ae had to give testimony against his villain of a brothler. "We must insist on his going to foreign parts, and letting you alone for ithe future." "And I'like to know how you are going to make certain of thnifc," put in HajrdBtone. This was just the point I wbjs debating myself. "What do you say, Hackett?" asked I of Dick, who had just looked in. "Why, if we'd omly a lawyer aboard- "We should probably be in a worse fix tihan we are now," said L "I've seen nough of s»aa-lawyens, and I don'.t want any land ones aboard my ship. But once more, what is to be done?" "Well, if the fellow is to be let off, we'll have to draw up a paper—a confession, you now," said Hardstone, "and he must sign t. Then it must be placed in safe keeping n case of his ever trying on any tricks gain." "You're as good as a lawyer yourself, Hardstone, when you choose, so maybe ou'll do us the favour of writing out this ame paper." Hardstone agreed to try. so I tore a few lank sheets out of an account book, and e sat dcwirajt the saloon table, squared his lbows, and began. (To be continued to-moTrow.) m 