ON THE LAND. ? T ? Homebcsii cattle market droppedr 10s. in , values on Monday last. Best beef was worth about 21s 5d per 100 lbs. Kimo shed is expected to 'cut out' this week. . ? ?'? -? The lowprice for -wool is having an effect on the Sydney sheep market, and T»»ip.ns TinVft Rirfforprl n. Rmnil TPrlrmfcimi on that score. Up to October 27th there had only heen sold about 17,000 bales of wool ?nt those three centres, Sydney, Mel bourne and Adelaide. Up to a similar date last year the disposals at these three places amounted to 179,000 bales. . The chief reason of this dis parity is on account of farmers refus ing to accept the low prices offering. The fifth series of London wool sales, which commenced ou October 9th, 'will terminate on Saturday next,. November 3rd. There wero 367,000 bales available for sale at this series, but the withdrawals are expected to amount to 130,000. Owing to continued dry weather a number of wheat crops in Guunedah district are being cut for hay. One district grower was last year, offered 16d per 1b. for his clip, which he refused; the -market then showed an upward tendency, and he fully ex pected to realise close on 2/- per lb. Ho shipped the wool to London, met a worse . market ? there, and still has the wool ou his hand. Missed his opportunity ! Corowa farmers' union has accepted the railway commissioners' offer to erect them an opeu grain shed, subject to the usual conditions. The yearly cost to farmers using same is expected to be \ d per bag. At Bethungra, Mr. M. Sawyer, jun., shore 3,800 wethers for an aver age of ll^lb. of wool per sheep. .From 14,000 sheep he obtained 360 bales of wool, says the ' Southern Cross.' of good clips, this is the best average we have heard of any where near the Gundagai district. Jugiong farmers' union have asked all similar bodies in the vicinity for co operation in having a grain shed built at Cootamnndra. Tumut union were asked to help, but they wisely opined that Cootamundra was too far away, and decided to start an agitation for a shed at Gnndagai. Coolac Union — is it dead, or but sleeping ? — has not yet spoken on the matter, but it will pro bably favour Cootamundra as a site for a shed against Gundagai. On Saturday next tho London wool sales close for this year. There will hai-dly be any change in the present depressed tone of the home market, and continental buyers at the colonial sales will not exceed the prices set by the London market. Foreign buyers are so far purchasing very sparingly at the local sales, and don't seom anxious to purchase at the present low rates. Manufacturers at homo aro only pur chasing enough to ;meet their imme diate requirements. The failuro of French wool firms a few months ago had moro serious consequences than at first thought ; their liabilities ran into millions, and it paralysed trado for a time, while the consequences are still being felt. The prospects of an im provement in tho local market during the next few months are but dim ; if there is any improvement wo think it will come about in' this' way! If with drawals- from sale continue to be as heavy as during the past few.- weeks, there is a probability of the trade rnot being able to secure enough foV re quirements, and eventually having to offer a higher figure, which is sure to rulo for a time. Mr. P. Heffernan. of Junee, has sold 3,000 wethers off the shears at 10/3. The sheep are to be taken to Melbourne in bond, and frozen there prior to being shipped to South Africa. Include? in Thursday's Homebush sales wero : — Ac W. J. Robinson, 163 shorn xbrod wethers 11/7, 26 do. 11/2, 21 shorn xbred ewes 11/4; ac A. B. Triggs (from Gundagai), 120 lambs 7/4 to 7/10d. Local cattle sales were : — Ac Southern agents, 10 bul locks at £8 11s ; 1 vealer at £3 10s, 1 bull at £8. Ac J. N. barberry, 7 bullocks to £10 8s, averaging £7 15S 5d ; 2 stags at £8 15s, 1 cow at £6 9s. Estate C. McKinnon, 15 bullocks to £9, averaging £8 2s ; 5 cows to £7 11s, averaging £7 6s 7d. TnE following simple course is re ported to have completely cured a dog of sheep- worrying proclivities. The dog was muzzled, two straps wero . at tached to his collar, and the ends fast ened to collars round the neck of two full grown sheep. The party was then released, and the sheep, terrified by their inability to escape from their charge, race,d about in all directions, giving tho dog a terriblo doing, as their erratic movements rolled him over time and again. When fairly tired out the sheep were caught, and the dog was released in a stato of com plete exhaustion. The canine never again showed the slightest disposition to molest sheep. Some farmers m South Australia are endeavouring to make the raising of Angora goats an industry similar to sheep farming, and where the goats thrivo they are found to be far more lucrative than sheep. The! goats are shorn every nine, months, tho nvernge weight of wool per goat is about 51b., and the prico obtainable for the un washed article ranges from 18d to 2/ per lb. Tho animals can be shorn tho first year. In South Africa, where there are now 2,000,000 of the ani mals, the breeding of the Angora goat has proved most lucrative. Tho Queensland climate is reported to bo suitablo to these animals, and it is a wonder tho industry is not largely followed. Tho climate of Australia is said to bo much akiu to that of Asia Minor, the homo of the Angora. Monday's Homebush, sales' included —Ac McKenzio Bros., 10 bullocks £7 ; ac agents, Coolnc, 40 bullocks to £7 8s. Id., averaging £8. The Sydney wool sales on Monday showed no change in the market, though bidding was more generally distributed. The top price for greasy 7id, which was secured fer two lots — one from Jerilderiei ' and tho other beinpr SS over Illabo. 6 bales, fleeno.nf good quality, free and well-grown! Some Wagga clips sold at 6jd to 6jd. For scoured wool the top price was 14jd, realised for 4 bales of a Queens land clip. Although favoured with tho best of conditions, tho growth of grass this spring is not as heavy as on pre vious occasions. This is on account of the splendid winter wo have had, for at no timo was grass scarce during the winter months — no. frosts nipped its growth. As a consequence the ground, is ' grown out' ; it has not had it's usual winter vacation ! In the Young district a stud rani, 5 yeavs old, owned by 'Mr. A. D. Middleton, this year .cut 331bs. of greasy wool, the result of 53 weeks' growth. The animal had beon running in tho paddock throughout. ? Nearly everv countrv newshnnnr relies on Sydney firms for news as to the state of tho wool market, and ask their, readers to rely on such. No two firms report tho same as to prices and prospects — some aro direct contradic tions of others — so tho valuo of such information can bo easily gauged. A bmgleton resident has received n letter from a friend in the far north west part of the colony, which paints a deplorable picture of the stato of that arid territory. In 1899, he says, only seven inches of rain were recorded, and since March of this year they have not had an inch. At Milparinka, which is 26 miles towards Wilcannia, fresh beef and mutton are almost un known quantities. The state of the country is beyond belief. There is not a speck of green. The salt-bush alone keeps life in the starving brutes and when travelling stock reach water they drink till they ai'e gorged, and are then frequently unable to get out of the dam. Out of a mob of 200 travelling there recently, 189 dropped dead within a short distance. ' I saw three Ho down and give up tho ghost,' he says. 'To see these masses of bone and skin, with glaring eyes, stagger by, lowing pitifully, would soften any person's heart. To put 'a horse in the hotel stable for a night, 7s 6d; a set of horse-shoes fitted, 7s. If no rain conies this month we avo cooked !' 