TR ST4R4ELI ý--1 LýY" N EI3 1O L CHAPTER XV.-Coninoued. 'A Ice says she is very i11, butshe looks miseraibly,' Judith ansiwVrs, with some conl o rn. ' I wish you would get her o ot, Eitcont. She minds what you Asy nioreothan anyone clse. It rust be had for her, sitting inidoors ali the tiue; and I don't kniow ]low sho cart do it in' such glortiones "nithir -as this, with the soin splitting the tiors.' My. conscience smitos me I have cer tiinly not dono nmuch to miake my cousin's life, moiare pleasant sinice I caurne to Sealielc. Farm. I havo been much longer horo than I ait first intcnded, my fnither -having gone for a trip to Laolaind with two of the boys, rind having advisod me to stay where I am till he comuos bac. I had been nothing averse to thisislai; thobgli, if I had thought when I first came to Scnfield that my ,exile was tolust for the whole of The srimmer,, I. should have been in despair. Alice, was glad that 1 should slay, and Curli Grosson also scorned to wish it, for soma reason or irensois of his own.' For one tliinig-Juditi says she would-not care, to stay at the fat mi without iio and Ci ll Grosson is especially anxions to keep his cousin thou gh why I otiuot iniigina , since ho seldom or never adore os' he r. iio I I have stayed on ; and I hope the gwivoinor 'is niinanging' to amuse. himself as :well ois TIam-that's all. I think he might hiave chosen a loss ,inaccessible place than Lirpland for his summer tourt, and takei me wiith him, but I raii not sorry, ho let the boys infliapico him this time 1I am riot doomed to gobrick to I teland rii unappropiriated 'spina' after all I But what ii ill papa and the boys thitik of my rave faceiolovir ,andiwh obe is the foatrno tslat vwal3to do so nimuch Ifor thio boys-the shoot ing I proniised Teddy, thie cottago and annuity I promised old noise, the hotrses I promised papa hie should have to ride when" he camne oa a visit to us ? Bt I caln6ot.think oat all these newvideas in comfort, so I put them away `altolgtier for the piesent, ainl nobody could guess that I had the lerast bit of a secret while we cross the sunny meadow, langhirg atid taslk ing together .like three c.hildroen, Judith,, Mr. Eden and T. 'Whmer is Liidlow ?" I aisk, when we pome to -the stile leading:dio the larch grove. Somehow that stile always. reminds me of him. He wont omit in the Saucy Kate yesterday and has not come in since," Judith aniswers carelessly. I think lio missed you, Eileein, for h&to; wais veryoross aftoc you went away; I sas glad. wheu li took himself off. It is' nothing new ford Ludlow'- to be: ciross,' I answer, with" a shrugg; ' but you would noat find. itso easy ta poisuado me that I had anything to do with it. '.Girls never make a follow lse; his to-n per !'' quote 12\m Icen- per tinently, £ pot rtall Eiluen, Juditliagors oi ;dis rjgiiarding lihinm ` 'I tliil Liinillow was quite put out when ho found you had floivwn 'Did h'e tlinik 1 o0gt to thave coinsulted hiul befo oaI-acieipted the in ilatioio ? SPemrlalis he did; bift li did not say tant thinig to mo on the subtijict T iriti nily tell ing wyot w ha` f suspect to liavo booin lme cae.. T hope holiwill come iii this evening and find you back agirin all sitfe. Quo wi old think soimpbody bradn `,in away (withi you, hio leok d so snlky All Monday oven-. Ttimro. an liens"all. tol pouaacd ,have h ooni cakles rdjale to silly littlh Eileeii l"`iD indotide vovetntaken, as tost:: girlish confid tiices innasbe.taken, iii cooi inction wvith the pm'ovetbial grdiii of sal n tJli ow it neither. pl'ensos tiot displeases toe, ir: indeed lias any.ofl febt pon meat all. TIf:Ludlow Gras soni eates for re min the smallest degree, so muchatlhe 'worst for himt. Why did hio give me no- imkhliiigof tfli fiac in all these weeks that T haivo Boon it his companyt . I havoe ito belief in slowv groiviiiug sentimentits sioh' as lhe moust ahltiishi if inideed.' hl ohii eishos any siontimnonts at all aitlh regard to the. 'Once foar a fewf minuditeso 1 did think lie was l'heginning to lookat m ano with ott ar than: his foroittrcat'loss eyes, but it may have boon.. only tny own vuin fancy i 'Those long. laishled violet eyes do look so deosporaitaly tienitimental sometimos whent8 they mean dothugiat ctill t Asfutsiti drtb s niisnso ,mI dai't ito aodit ii,j frimistiing rether* ,to my vniu'lelmtmiou tiit'ian tflhmuhs, t1hough thecy dosa thtlokers'ooi see itriet of the game. i~ttam sure Ita lis bilylflatteirin.nmo as a il will flatter hlia fitend, thitiking to please .me with lher thoughtless banter. n How can she toll that my eyes have been 11 opened, since I saiw her last, to tLe behold- s in; of so much better things than these thaf J they scent to' me but . the red and blue i pebbles a child might take" out of a brook s compared to rubies and sapphires, or a hand ful of buttorcups to a cream-coloured I moss rose ? Kilmeuy, to whom she com-n pared me on t ae day 'I left the farm, could I hardly look about the little smoky cottage, i when she pait. her mother a visit after her I sojouru in fairyland, with more clearly com- I prehensive, half-pitiful, and half regretful ' eyes than I look at my old self in the light. of the new gi'ent experience that has cnme into my li°o.. c l leave Judith and Mr. Eden -to go back "1 to their hay-making, and lake'niy way int6 N the house through the farm-yard to look for t Alice. I fipd her ir. ber own room, sitting' t at the opeu window, a book oni. her knee, but her nyes fixed on the faint sea-line just visible between the Scorch firs-the only º glimpse of it to be seon from any window in the house. 'Dear Alice, why don't yoe come out and. breathe the fresh anir ?' I exclaiin, kneeling down beside her. 'Judith says she trizd to I coax you out, but you wouldn't come. Do you menu to, spend the whole lovely summer tip in this dark room ? ' 'Dear Eily, I-like-it best. Why should you drag me out whenit gives me no pleas-, coo. Iain very well-indeed I am ;'I only want to be left in peace.' And yea don't want to see the wild-roses, or to smell the honeysuckle, or to fieel the sunshine cn your face P 'No, Eh y,; because they only make -me sad.' 'Make you.sad P Such beautiful things. could never make you sad 1' Sho shakes her. head, looking down into my uptili.ied face. m Have you been very happy, Eily ? 'Yes,' I answer ioree quietly, iy eyes sinking under hers." ` You like staying at Bramble Hall ?' 'Yes. C(iJn you say nothiung but" Yes," Eily P Shall I tell her my secret ? Sooner or 'iter I must tell it, but I eel that it must 0lose half its sweetness in the very. tolling. `I liked it very much, Alice, but did not cage for Ldly Cecil Piurrepoent; and I don't think s' ciaiied. for ie.' 'is Lady Cecil Pierropont at Bramble Hall, Eily : She is. "Have you seen lier, Alice ? No, but .I have often heard of her. Is. slie.very hancdsome and very fascinating.t Eily ? Anid does slio' look young,?' The questioni of a woman ! Rather sur prised,.1 answer-- 'No, shedoies not look young nor haw she succeeded in fascinating me. ' And yeoalike Mis Lidclel '. I liked her at first, but I don i think shei cacies for me.' ' WVhy, Eileen, yoe cannot have made yourself very agreeable I By your own showing, you did not get on very well with oithlri of the ladies at the Hall I" I aiiir silent, scarcely listeningr to . her;' playing with the fringes of her shawl. Even on this June afternoon Alice wears a shawl. `iileon youhave something to tell me. Vhiat iy it ?' She puts her' fingei- under rmy chin, so lifting my face for mnore convenieut scratiny I ram kneeling in thi full light of the slant ing sunshine, she is=in (ihe shadow of :the curtain, so that I can scarcely see her face. Alice, do yoe kiiow Mr Liddel ' hib qiuestiou does not startle her-as wihy indeed should it ? " ` t used to know hiin many years aso EiW 'Why do youx ask 1m ` ' ecano ---' Hoi loves you I Is thatiti ,Eileen ?' I lore him, Alice-that is-more like i,' I' blurt out, kith more th1i' the redof suset' dyhien mey face. But that is .net all, Lily ?'--P Abouti' all at- piresent, I think. But-surely, if he la said anything at all to you lIe has asked mnd to do a great deal for. hint, but I don't remnemibet that he said any thing a.t to what he would do for me,' I say, litighing ai little bitteilly, balt I aam quite content, 4or I love him moretthau any one else in the whole world': My poor. EiMy I' 'Don't call me 'poor,' Alice I would' ratheri have that Fron -him than everything froni diy oue else. My cousin is silont, holdung both my.hands in.hers, and lookiiig out at the sunset.- I am siletit too, wioudot~ing at the boldness of. my owvn wvorcl. Aiude i9 lie happy, Etly P she nays at last still hookiung out of the winidow. SI don't knouv, Alice I sumppose lie i lhe looked happy ivheit I loft him just nowf, dowyn in(ihe weed. S'I inn glad t6 hear it. Why do the waords brine to mea sense of ioetomtionh, having heard them somnewbere befete, wouds and timei almfos identical P Who spoke thems to me, and thon, and wlifei ? I cannot reco11ect, and yet they seemf h5" fliimiliat' to mie Why are yonx glad Alice ? B ecause I. had beat..1 anotliet toiy', Eily (lint is all. Shed leaiis liet head back newsiest the climuity eunshioii of lice cahir, and; scooms to have forgottoiu m&. 'She 'lia such 2a soruow 'ful face, my poet "Alice---the look 'of "a wvoman iiho clasps tobe hernibetr somne is visibli teiltut' Her taco s ieemis to mes saddet than '.t ethis eventng, its ahtieass almostl feigh tefnisinn n ow that I comeo to look at it, ailtlii mer d'ig ishadowv, as of intensee mettitl sutlfoiiig, under int' eyni.2 f it, just yet,' Isay tathiot awkwai~dly ' Yoti knewi thorm is nsoilhutg siettled Mrs Liddel 8ol'n does not6 knlow it ye, 'unless-.4 went sticniglki in aind told bet What- in ll she say wvheum lie doe tell hier Anid what dl( Lady Ceciil Puertoepot li ay P One little thi *ill of t-&umphidoes; dartlthrough myf lieait'wlihei5 I himnk of thast haulghty lady s discomifitnieo Reuns imddel seemis to/ have the pocret to make women care mote. foTam* 'tinhan lie cares for them or evon feignis to cane. to ice, ovenin mj thouights, and yet I sup pose I have picimised to be his wife It is all so sutringe, soi unlike mty idea of snoh lthings, flint, I haive nhot yet looked upon myself lin th -lghit' of -an engaged young tulay at' coolly consside ed thme matter at all. I '1 mee seeni to me to be so many diflheu tie still in(h wy I dso not thlrnk his mother will over consent to receive me as her daughter-in-law, and, till . she does, I shall never be Rous Liddel's wife. So I tell Alice afterwards and she agrees with me, with a sudden blaze of hea- bliu eyes: She says that I1am quite right, aid'that, uinless old Mrs Liddel comes for me to the farm, I ought never to.darken the doors of Brain ble Hall again. She will do it in the end, I suppose, since she loves he. son_ so pass ionately, but it will go;very hard "tyith her.. I feel for her more than my cousin does; If-I had been quite 'willing to bend in every way to the Liddel pride, I do not think Alice would have let nme do it. .. Let old %!rs Liddol order ber, carriaago and drive down to the farm to call upon me, and she will be satisfied, but without that ceremony she will not bo satisfied. And I, knowing that Alice is right, hold to the speech I had first made half in jest. I do not tell Judith auythiig. I have so very little to tell, and she woild-be sure to divulge my secret: to Mr Eden the first moment she gotyire out of the parlour this very evening. I go to my own little room after I have spoken to Alice, and there lreainily arrange my hair and change my dress for tea, and put one of the damask roses in my fresh white gown, for the sake of the place where it grew. Standing be= fore my little lookingiglass, I canitwoee noth ing but the larch grove, butcI kfnow the tufted woodland lies beyond it, where I have been wooed and so easily won. For a, long ti no I staiixd thinre disaining, watch ing the red glow dio off the top of the larches, and Judith colimes to tell me tea is ready. : It is 10og past seven. o'clock, but OCtrll has not yet come in. I think ho drove to Ourton in the dog-cart after dinner, but Alice does rot seem to 'expect him home till after dusk. We have tea in the parlour 'iin the. solboir evening light, with the windows open. I sit at tlho tera-table, Alice in one window, where I have put the sofa, Judlith atnd fir Eden in the, other, with their Beads very close together. To me they seem like a pair of foolish children, It is after nine o'clock befitre w'e have finished tea.. I have a book beside me, and sip uty tea leisurely As for thelovers they are so engrossed :with each other that sill times are the sameo to them- I forget to scotn or envy them, thiakin ý of my own lover, anid how his face had changed in the .ight of that one senile. Howy ho must have. looked at that vwomiani, whliom lie loved, so long ago with such an absorbing passion I had she tieated him badlyor had she died? What iwas her niame, and was she beautiful, or only betutiful to hinm? I torment myself a good deal vithi th'ese questions. Perhaps she is ait old married woman by this tine, wifh e et so many children, and grown f'tt If he will only love me a little, shall I not be fortunate enoughe While I muse Mir' Ele wishes us good night. Out I Giesson diives up ia the dog cart and says to Mr Eden," Stop and have a glnss of grog with n. me. Couldn't to-night, ' Mr Eden says, laugh= in`. 'I have just ttie to walk 'ound the Nose.' ' But you're not on duty tonight? ' °' Yon, I am I have to wvalk round and meet the man coming from the Bend .at 12 ,o'cloclc, or at all events' I am suppised to do it. :-Awful bore, isn't it MissFleming ' Judith: is very 'pitiful as for me:I am not thinking of tny of themr but ofthe dewy fragrance ;of the summer night and the ceaseless. Orake, craike, crake of?,the corn "ciakes in the meadow. When Mr Eden takes himself away-re.' luctantly-- Judith, and I go back to'_ the isailot I suippose Alice is getting sup'ei' fpr lier husband.' 'I think I'll go to bed,'says Judith yawn tog 'Havmaktngi 's tirng work I've scaicely been able to keep my eyes opi all the evening. I think she' amanaged to keep themopon very well, and otherwise to make very good useofI them, but she is went'to collapse th-e ominte Mr Eden goes: 'And 1et's get np eaily in the `morning, and go out to turn the hay, I suggest. ''. have never made hay in my life, and I airve not been omitbefore seven this summer. All right' 'said Judith: "'Arid if you take my advice you'll go to' bed; too. `'You areas pale as a ghost.;' Idon't think Brain ble air agrcid' with you.' '. It agreed .with ,e very well thanks.'.-_ `:You haven't told me any of your advenr tureas, Eileen. Has the fairy ptince made' his appeaiance it. the enchanted:eastle yeti" 'The giant' hias tursed into( thee fairy pitunee,' I answer, laughing. G o to bed, oi there'll be no getting you up in the mor~n Judit departs, telng met s lc gooid-night for hen. I go ever to shuft the wvindows While I leek outi at the sky, magnlifiernt with satsral resting st hands on thewinudow-sill, and humming- 'The dew lies in the wool, D'.i'glau, '" The wind blaws on the lea ; Ant hen I ugse to the Ludlel bower It will ais be wi' thee I" Cuill Giosson comes out of thie kiitchen, thiouigh the ~hall, and walks outipausting for a minute to light his pipe. 1 I shut the window and turn put the lamp and ledav the pinlor just as Alice comes ont ,of the kitchen. £Are you goingto bed.?.' sha asks. f lie light of th audlel sie holdsi in' 'hot' and shines full iiher fa ce, It Jo ery. Il ishall go to bed presentbly, dear O can tatke this candle. Good night. I mount the stairs to my room medita. 'tively. I am not sleepy to-night. LIwould tmuch rather have a good "long clh'at with Alice than go to had, hut I refrain, kniowing how wveary she is. I wish I had aske~d my t' consin more about Mi' Liddel. She may be able to' tell me a great deal uabout him She may even know.riomething of that old love affiiir w.ich I conclude to have' been the bane of his life. I heat' stome one moving do~vii-stairs. I Ideclare site hue not gone to bed yet. I open 'my .door softly, and look down over the 'balustens." I distinetly see myocousln take ra \- shawl and wrap it round lien head, thou go Sout,' closing the door after hot', huit uot situt Sting it. SI usm so mu~hi usui'piised that f neither act Snor think for ten seconsds. Then I slip down *the stait's and into the kitchen, atid stand \- there in doubt as to whether I ought to fol Slow her ci' tot. Whither can she be going at such an hour as this ? It is long aftor eleven, and I thought she was always in bed and asleep as soon as we were ourselves. I thought she had given up nocturnal rambles since the night she got the fiight and came in so out of breath. Stories of Ighouls and weir-wolves come in to my bead, but I am not such a fool as to set down my cousin's midnight outings to any such ghastly proclivities. Neitherid doI accuse her, as I might perhaps'have accused another, of going out to meet a lover. "Is she quite herself ? '. I wonder with a shiver 1 reverting to my old suspicion. It looks like: the freak ofa mad-woman, this stgaling out of the house when she thinks nobody. is. 'watching'her. Poor Alice I I wouder'what will become of her if her husband finds her out and tak-es it into his head that she is a lunatic. While I stand just inside the kitchen door wondering, and shivrcing in my night-gown and' stockingless feet, I hear a sound of someone running the front door is pushed open and then ulosed again, and Alice runs np the stairs, the shawl still over her bead. She does not make any noise, but never stops for as instant till she is in her own room and has shut the door. I follow her upstairs, and am only- jest in time, foir, before I 'close'm yy door, I h'ear Ouril come in. There is some one else with' him, though I hear 'only..Quirll's voice, aul leuly swearing, while he bolts the'fiout door. After this all is quiet, except that I hear an occasional poke of the fire and muimur' 'of talking in the kitchen .till. I full asleep. Mty room is directly' over the kitchen, and the tobacco- smoke comes up through the Toose boards ; but fortunately it does' jiot' mike my headache. I suppose Ludlow' caime in with Ourll. I have never, known any one else spend a' migt at the farm. But' I scarcely think of him in pualing over' other things. Row shall I keep Alice from.taking nocturnal rambles, and how shall I find out all about Roeis Liddel's old love ? 