"Camperdown Chronicle." PUBLISHED Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. SUBSCRIBERS RECEIVE A SUPPLEMENT WITH EACH ISSUE. THURSDA Y, SEPTEMBER 13, 1900. GENERAL NEWS The committee appointed to revise the programme of the Horticultural Snciety's Spriue Show met on Tuesday eveniug, Mr. W. H. Err?y presiding. In Section E, Fruit, class 77i Apples, tint less thau one u zen, was altered to read "Apples, not lesb than half dozen." In section F, Vegetables, it was decided to innke au additional class, namely, collection if not lees than sis distinct vaiieties vegetables, prizes 7s 6d and 2s 6d. Reguhliun N?. 12 was eliiihtly altered, and made t" read as follows:- "All persons must leave ihe room by 11.20 a.m., excepting members of Committee (who are not exhibitors). Judges, or those especially engaged by the committee." Ck. J. H. Robinson, the newly.elected representative of the East Riding in the Hampden Shire Council, yesterday took his scat at the Council Cvble. Port Fairy seems likely to have a new representative in the next Victorian Par liament (says " The Arena"). Sir Bryan O'Loghlen has apparently forgotten where Port Fairy is, and his constituents do not appreciate neglect. Mr. Duffus, who was defeated at last election, owing to Mr. Thomas Bent, as third candidate, stealing sufficient of his votes to give a majority to Sir Bryan, is not likely to reoffer himself. There offers, accordingly, a promising field for a political aspirant, especially if he has an O" to his name, and something passible in the way of brogue. The young man, F?hey, charged with hiving ussiilted a young woman in the train at Middle Park on the night of the lGth August, and positively identified by her, proved beyond doubt at the St. Kilda p'.Oice court on Tuesday that- on the night in question he , was at Black burn, ten miles away, thus establishing h complete alibi. The complaint was at once dismissed. The seal of the Hampden Shire Coun cil wa3 yesterday affixed to.a letter tribe forwarded, to .JE>f:CquncilloT W. A. Taylor, who shortly leaves -ua a v'isii to Europe. The letter, which was tastefully engrossed by Mr. H. C. Dunn, ?as a follows:—"Dear Sir,—TbV C.ut.eil <.l the Shire of Hampden on your retirement from the office of councillor (owing i? your proposed risit. to'Europe) i?iaiii rnously decided to place a rt'i-urd on the minutes, expressing regret at the sever ance of your long connection with the Shire Council, and the sense of the loss that they will sustain through your absence from the colony. The Council fully recognise your constant endeavos to maintain the satisfactory fiuaucial posi tion of the Sbire, and your assiduous at tentioQ to the wants and wishes of the ratepayers. Your labors as the Chairman of Directors of the Camperdown District Butter Factory Co., as President of ihe Horticultural Society, and your associ atiou with various progressive public movements are also cordially acknow ledged. In conveying to you the above appreciation of your valued work as a councillor and cit>zen, we desire tu ex press-the hope that your tour may bu a p!e;i>ant~oue, and that jou may soon re turn tu further assist in the development of this important district. We bavu ihe h.mor to'be,'dear sir, yours faithfully.— j D. S.Oman, President; J. C. Mnuifoli; j Councillor; H. P. Coy, Councillor; J. B. Phillips, Secretary." Mr. Flockhart, the secretary of the Victorian Storekeepers' and Traders' Association, met a number of the members of the Camperdown Traders' Association on Tuesday night and gave an interesting account of the work being done by the Association. Mr. J. H. Robinson, president of the local associa- tion, introduced Mr. Flockhart. With reference to the affiliation of the associa- tions in the different towns throughout the colony with the Victorian Traders' Association, it was, Mr. Flockhart said, a question he felt keenly upon, and one which it was thought should be gone carefully into to ensure ultimate success. Eventually, he was confident in saying, the whole of the local associations would be affiliated, but as the Victorian Store keepers' and Traders' Association had only been formed in January, and a greiit amount nf work had to" ba dupe, so much time had been taken up with other things tbat it Was thought bette.r to go slow andiu.t pufc a stotie in she institution' that would have to be taken out. Cun sequently a properschemebf amalgamation had not been prepared. .The question was by no measis s-helved, however. Ii hud been■ ca tied in committee and a recmiWHHilatioii ni*di> that, ia the event ■if 25 j.or cum of 'uiemb'ci - of any local asaociaiii'ii b. iutt members of the Store kee:.ei.s'.AhS'.ciHrfon. fhir -..-,ocUtion was ewi.ltfd t, be affilia.,- ■.. What he would like ? ? !.f..u,jht about ?- KS : Menibers of the. differ.ut aK^ciat'-us meet and dincu?S m.ner!? of i;up itance, which could be-th-.rt.u(!blj ihnv?hed out by the comuiitt.- ~{ ihe V,cio:iin Traders' Associati.;:,-, which sh..ul< meet once a mon'U: \\\ u ',:■ v.-rth.re v. -eseven mem borsaikj amid be c ..s;u?..d? branch, with a chairman, a secreisry and a'^elegate, the delegates to form an executive committee. With regard to the coupou Kystem, there was undoubtedly a youd dea| of bird • work to be done, as the coupon people were straining every ?>erT? to. prevent- the .Abolition Bill of Sir Frederick i?Mguod becuniiug law. An active coupon cauvasser only a few dav? ago had remarked to him, "lou haven't a ghost of ? show to get the bill through you h?T? only 200 members:V Th a coupon man forgot, howewr, that pc-tition* against _tie; coupon-: system had been placed in the hind? of every reure sentatiye^ ol thoi people in - Parlia ment, ■ which - was ~ ■ bound to carrv great, weight. Already^ there were thirty members who.>were pledged to ?appnrt iha biU, which had been intro r dui?d into Uie Upper^use. and he was aot pMsonally alr?jd of its success in the Assembly. With reference to the peuny pott,hewMnof!thB lust afraid that it would not become law. The Association had done very good work in critmecti n , J wihthat >natter,andif no other j," id \ i *J! effected thin introducing the penny p t '' the aspociatimi would have re ro, It lml " *•"") a great deal. Touching upon the recent convention, Mr. Flockhart expressed himself as highly pleased at its success. The invitations were rpppiiK'ui o , S freely, and u-j doubt there v nil li i < fy still heartier resp nsi! at fn nn i * yentions. Merchants, Puiliatnent.i.y t reprenontativeH. Ministers, und < tlier n ( fluential gentlemen were present, an i : they were afforded an opportunity f >fj ascertaining a correct idea of lhe primr I <* and influence of the association. By th | assistance of Ihe local associations a In.,1 L standard could always-be muintiiin.il. I He desired to make it cleiir that th f association was representative of iii i whole colony, and not of Melbourne unl\ I norwsa it confined to this country 1 l though the country, it1 was hoped, * i i bu tho b'ickb?no. Now that tiie work i the convention was over, he m'ci devoting his time till the end of ' ( year in increasing the membership. In reply to questions, Mr. Flockhart stated that members of local associations although not belonging to the Victorian Traders' Association, would ba alii, pnnicip*ate in the benefits to a ] ir t t ( \ , tent, but would not b? cuinpeten c on the committee nor take part in m n i |joitainiiiy to the .■i.sei.cmlinn w), , members were priveleged to have a voice in. Mr. G. Morrison, at the con- clusion of Mr. Flockhart's address, moved a hearty vote of thanks to him, remarking that it was through his instrumentality that the Victorian Traders' Association had succeeded so well. The institution had started like the small cloud, no bigger than a hand, and had grown larger and larger until it was ascending to its zenith, and would no doubt spread all over the land. Mr. Flockhart returned thanks, pointing out that it gave him great pleasure to be present to give assistance he could. The funeral of the late Mr. T. Ryan of 0o? ley's Croek, took jjlace i>n T . > Tlte curtege was n very Urge nut i ' f eluded neveml represeutatut i j [ i Heyttsbury Shire Council, of v 1 i i t n ■Jeceas':d h-id been a niembir f t i t yeais The leirains were intetn 1 Ji Scott's Oieek cemetery, the li. \\. .1 Shine officiating at the grave. An important departure will In. ni I | ' by Messrs. John Thornton & t ?, , j horse sale on 27th inst., in that it i i f the first occasion upon which tin. i i i V ' draft of the well-known Punui ,; f! draught horses will be offen I n i 1 district. Hitheito they h \e b ci J to markets at h disiunce, but h i ft I that the result of the tale here wil. ft such as to ensure their belli,, di | i ' ( m the local market every jtar in ru 1 t There was a batch if iii „I, (, ' at the police court yes-terdiy u i ,' ; ing, before Mr. J. C. JU-iuif 11, J 1 ' John O'Brien aud Alfied Donaldsoi were chai?ed with boiii^ m ,m l-iiclo-l c yard, without lawful "isuiiient at ni?li l L'hey had beeu arrusteJ in il,u ymd ' -Urs. Apsey's bearding hou l olue 1 i e night. They were rennmded unnl n *& xiioriiinj*. Joseph D?;ws w i** cli tr i .vith being diuul- and dis n'eilj u t ~c ■ibscene'auguawe, and re.si.itm^ tli p i for being druiik he was Gut 1 i r twenty four hours' impris iu „, i t r obiceue language, a fine. f 10 i n s posed, ?jih the alternative i f 4b )i m ' ' and for resisting the- police he i i ' ? iiianded to the court of Petty b i t to-day. Michael Hayden on a ehii i ' being drunk and disorderly ?as hu i i 'j A MEEnsGof the Coninuttc t r' c I h AHili-tic Sports Society wll b i J '~ f| A -he ■ Commercial Hotel on M uv ?, *> BTeuiiig next, to decide ?Int ii ? a shnil h e ! H k.,n re-^iJi. , tl, K Jjecretaiy.' . ( f t j Tub fnif..win... v.-Mrepre ttii t' ~i ' '' perduwn CHdtt Corps in tli n d •i,'Uii,si O-i (ton im Svur.l.j \\\ , i , ,? town :—Jsgt'.' Hhunltoii, Upon! \n\ * " ■jhtil. Cadets A. Turner, J M D i Id " F. Buck, R. Maniu, G. M'Kenzit- A " Bertrand, A. P^rrett, M Mui in J ' S Baker, F. Miles. I jI _^ u Attention is directed to the vltuti m i ,t of the Victorian Registry Offi<-t \i dourue, conducted by Mr. R M\tr 1 merry of Cobdeu. " c Messrs. M. Quinn and Co nrnmin m i they will'make their first show ot i y .md summer drapery on Satunla\ \ n Particulars are advertised. li Messr?. Young Bros, will hoi 1 a i : i sale of cattle at reruns <"? 2ht h m t t! The staliions Prince .All^rt, liuki i Hemhearl, aud Taurus will le at m a Purmmbete this season, i-ull p.n i r t may be obtained from the stud i m t Messrs. Buker, Sydcuh.nn anil I i c nounce that they have an I f } erection of saluyaids nt.ir tl > 1 r5 railway station, where thev ?:il li li far sales of ttock. " f Messrs. Armstrong, How. vn ( S 1 liol Ferguson, at Glenor.nUton < n I > > 1 nexL ' ""■■;• t Messrsu B, Dawboru ami u f that they will make their hi I li 11 i I a spring aud summei'^cods to- uujiiuw Messrs G. Morrison \S to 11\ e i particulars of new scmsous oo i H o Thecleariug' sale to 1? umm I \ ' Mesavs. Silvester i: M Conacln u i ofMr. Geo. M-Conachvat Koo.t.i 1 J will, take place "oti Tliursdi% -nli commencing at, 12. 30 n in Mr. M. M'Calw, wchitect, m.n for repairs to the Wcslcyan Cliur.ii. I also fur the erection ot a r i . I daily buildings at Talimlert. ' On Thursday, 4th Uctotier, t i u will be conducted by Messrs John Tli i n t Co, on account of Mr. John flti.n j. I his farm near Cobden. Mr. hum 1 I determined to retire from acuvt. u i i ( eve'ything ia therefore for p. un n ' rc-servetl sale. The farm will U d , by auction during Xovembrr 