— Recent Publications.-^™* 'T'Ilg Waters of Edera,' by 'Ourda' (Fislier Unwinj. This is one of tie Dest scones by t'Jlte old-time writer, w-rm an. ?emire absence of immoral suggestion, and, unfortunately for its popularity, of love in terest. It is a vivid picture of. the awfui social conditions of tne poorer classes, par ticularly &he; peasants of Italy to-day. In tMs unhappy country 'taxation has reached wia.1, ymwL ql oppression as to cause largo areas of land to go out of cultivation; the brutalised, overworked, underfed masses are driven in droves to expatriation, and deso-Iation a-nd misery hangs over the land The Kdera is a little river near Abruszo, the irrigator of a few scattered home steads, it is seized by a syndicate ror manufacturing purposes, and one of the small farmers, Adove Tor'alba, refusing the proll'ered compensation, heads a pea sants revolt. The inevitable ending is the killing of nearly all concerned, save the parish priest, Don Silverio— a charming character— and the ruthless destruction of the. agricultural value of the district. A clever tragic- story of undiluted -woo and gloom. 'A Voyage at Anchor,' by Clarke Rus sefll (Geo. Bell/and Son). Not his narra tive, but his descriptive powers have placed Mr. Russell in -the forefront of contem porary writers. On w'hat is mostly a poor thread cf a sxory 'he paints the most vivid pictures of the sea in all its moods, of the ships that sail it and the men who go down in them. As we read we can hear t-he swish' of blue water rushing by, we feel the oceaa spray and smell the salt brine. In th-is regard he. has no equal; we are all indebted to to for the vivid 'baste of dis tant voyages while snugly seated in our easy chairs. The present story relates the holiday outing of Captain S-lormouth, his wife, daughter, and the latter's lover, who choose a dismantled hulk anchored off Deal on the Kentish coast for :two months' resi dence — a kind of ocean houseboat. A yacht runs into them and is sunk; a ship on fire drifts cn their bows; a crow of drunken Spaniards board them, as do two robbers, and a 'monkey who is taken for a ghost. Finoilly a hurricane drives the old shin rai tn t'hp flnsvflmin Rar-^)o T-n_ cidentally, Daisy, the daughter, changes lovers to her advantage. But the real in terest of the story is nautical, and for this reason it will tie read by all lovers of the writer. 'Benbonuna,' by Robert Bruce (W. K. Thomas and Co., Adelaide). This is the story of a new chum who goes on a station three hundred miles north of Adelaide to learn Colonial experience and sheep farm ing. He passes through the usual hazard ol such stories — is bushed, rides a buck jumper; goes after lost sheep; chases a bushranger, and has friendly intercourse wvtn a blacklellow. The manager of the station is a bushranger in (hiding; his 'wife is re-married to the owner of the station, and the manager and that lady plot to kill the owner with drink, and nearly succeed. The details of station life are related with great fidelity; the station hands, though brutal, are interesting; but the main theme is repulsive, and the chief characters un real amd insipid. With traces of talent, ?the took is full of crudities, and is evi dently the -work of aa inexperienced pen man. 'The Priest's Marriage,' by Nora Vynne (Geo. Bell and Sera). Annie, the heroine, is sixteen, the only child of a widow, and the platonic friend of Dick Archer, a young gentleman without expectations. She ia en gaged in her first season to Eustace Stravil, a renegade priest, ana is, apparently, happily maTried. But gradually the in fluence of 'his creed returns to the husband; he regards his unica as adultery, and final y abandons his wife aod returns to nis Oaurefc. Annie gets a divorce, and ™,t AX?h*r' ^vins saIned « income, niainea -her. The story is wholly delteht Sw«,an.h ^ tocid*ntally, of a grouf of oals, oheir lovers, and their gossip. The uialogue sparkles, the characters are nearly all lovable, spiendiuly drawn, ana cue incidents are natural and convincing a dog* to read again and again, and if merit reguiaies sales it ? shcuw be one of the great successes of the year 'A Rise in the World,' by Adeline Sar gent (Geo. Bell and Son). Lionel n™ £, fvme son o£ the Honorable Mrs. Wyndham, is taken iii at his temporary lodgings in Kensington, and in gratitude to the nursemaid of the house, w'ho has tended him, secretly marries her. This c&mes; to the knowledge of his motner wno brings the girl home, educates and trains he*, while Lionel departs for a three years' appointment in India. So far the story runs at a high levell of excel lence; the ignorant servant, tne charming mother-in-law^ and her foolish son are all painted with the brush of am artist. But r.+ w enters Gwendoline, our old and exe ciable friend, the divinely beautiful and diabolical cousin, who had hoped to wed Lionel, and now vents all her fury on his grass- Vridow, Elizabeth. A country gentle men, Mr. Homfray, joins in the plot to in jure Elizabeth, and together the two con spirators manage to cast all kinds of odium and suspicion. These two characters have no air of probability about tnem. and whm in the last chapter, they both repent and turn goody-gcody we feel disgusted, with them and ithe story they disfigure. At the conclusion Lionel conveniently dies, and Elizabeth marries Max, a doctor. A dis appointing- book, cleverly begun and wretchedly finished. 'In Old New York,' by Wilson Barrett and Elwyn Barrow (Geo. Bell and Son). This is an historical story, dating back to the days when New York was under British rule. Mr. Waring, a proud Englishman, takes up his residence in the Anglo-Dutch city v/ith his handsome son Wallace, whom he desires to marry a rich Colonial heiress, Miss Boylston. Wallace prefers, and is loved by Luya Vanbergen, the daughter of a rich Dutch, merchant. A quarrel arises. Mr. Waring will not 'assent to his son's Choice, and T,liva. nrrmA in riioi. Trrmr t.« fuses to marry the son without. Miss Boyl&ton; plots to get her lover back, one of her suitors. Lieutenant Willet, plots to discredit Wallace, and fights a duel with him. A -devoted lover of Luya, Jacob Wil bruch, is also mixed in the , complicated skein. But the delightful character of this remarkable book is Mr. Vanbergen, the 'heroine's father, an idealised Kruger, witi great love for his daughter joined to great simplicity and sagacity. The story is in jured by its complications and melo dramatic ending, but. the dialogue is chiming, and the domestic scenes of the uw/a. i,jace n on a very High level. The best historical novel we have read for many a long day. The Daily Shipping News Co., Limited, forward a copy of their excellent publica tion, 'For Queen and Empire,' an illus trated history of the patriotic movement and despatch of troops from New South Wales. Ten per cent, of the gross pro ceeds of the work is to go to the Patriotic Fund. ? 