THECCRSE OF THE AGES. ly a kankeu. From tho very earliest stages of the world's hi-tarv, bsck even to that i.ttlc- j known period before the flood, tile fermeu- j ted jnice of-the grape has been used — and, ! unfortunately, abased — by mankin I as a i beverage. The first mentioDed in sll il's tory t.f wi. e is unhappily a record of the i abase of tbo intoxicating fluid by Noah, who, though a preacher of righteousness, j to Ins lasting shame aaccnmbed to its seductions. And, throughout tbe long chronicles of the world's annals, ivfr re- j repeated instances occur of men, nota' le in I all the taried walks of life, even great ' rulers, statesmen, poets, warriors, artists, j who, against their better jndgem -nt, have I voluntarily allowed themselves to be "en- j slaved and rained by the - madly insensate | craving for strong drink. From Alexander the Great, who, tliongh comjuerer of the ' world, could not conqner himself, to the > ba bariao sa-age who drinks himself in- : sensible with kava or arrack, ths career of I untold millions has been blast-d by the blighting effects of tbe abuEe of slc.Jir.l ; aoJ although throughout tbe British j Kuipire, tliaukE to the wotk of Temperance : Societies, and also ot the ubiquitous Siiva- j lieu Army, the prevalence of drukenmsr : amongst tbe masses lias during the past i two decades very materially dec eas; d, yet : on the continent generally the opposite j has been the case. f And when we read of the numerous chcuiiccls which exiBt in wines we cannot I be suiprisrd at its strange effects on ILe human frame. For it is faid to contain no less than twelve different acids, amongst them being cenantbic, propionic, bntvric, acctaldebyde, saccinic, glycolic, rsccmie, and other tarbarlca'lv named acids, besides a formidable array of other drogs, cninccals, oxides, ethyls, glutens, exfractives. and gases. No wonder that a considerable dose of this mixture causes a dibturbai.ee of the cerebral and mnscnlRr powers. And what & degrading and contemptible specatacle does he, by courtesy called a man, present who having gradually bicome more and more enslaved by tbe low vice, at length reaches the dr< adful stage of trembling dclirinm. By day in a tremnlons state of abject misery and wretchedness, fearing all manner of disaeters and calamities, and perhaps thinking that every individual en tering his room j'b an undertaker come to measure him for his coffin ; and by night in even a far worse state of apprehensive terror, thinking his chamber is fail of dreadfalhobgoblins waiting to carry him off, and that shadowy ghosts and bideons spectres arehoverirgabonthim, while other chimeras of a disordered brain oontinne to add to the terror until he fancies himself veritably shut in in the place of torment. And so the wretched drunkard goes down to his dishonoured grave to await the dread Jadgment Day, morally and physically a wreck, mourned by none, and an utter dis grace to buina-ity. And yet, had be bnt eought strength frem on high from Him who never refuses any that came to Him, to combat and resist the evil habit which bas gradually dragged him down to perdition, he would have lived honoured and respected, and would havn had the added pleasure of knowing that bis future in tbe spirit-world would be a life of ecstatic pleasure, and bright, glorious felicity. ' 