THE STORY TELLER. THE LAST FAREWELL. It was July. The relentless sun flared with tropical impetuosity upon Spring Court, West Central. Its rays penetrated the little flavor, rather, 'upper part ' of No. 4. and showed up its poor meagre furni ture, low blackened ceiling, and worm-eating boards. It also threw a halo of gold about the head of a woman as she sat working at a table by the window. Piles of manuscript lay at her side, and her pen moved rapidly as ,she . covered sheet after sheet. At length she moved, and, going to the cupboard, made a hasty meal of a sandwich and a glass of milk. She scarcly observed what she ate. Her whole soul was in her work, and her glass was hardly empty when she was back again, her pen flyiug still more rapidly. A timid knock at the door, and a girl entered. She was about twelve years of age, and had the same golden-brown hair as her mother. The woman lifted her head. ?- 'Is that you, Mary ? Get your lunch, darling; you'll find it in the cupboard, I am very busy.' The girl put down her school books, spread a table-cloth and proceeded in silence to her modest repast. At length she spoke. 'Mother?' 'Yes, dear?' 'I saw Mrs. Sinclair to-day.' ' What did she say?' ' ' She asked me again if I could sit for Mr. Sinclair's picture.' Stella Adair pushed her manu script away and rose. She was a woman with an intellectual face, and Mary resembled her to a remarkable degree. Both were artistically correct — from the highbred forehead and nose to the well- shaped hand and foot. Neither of these women would perhaps attract attention in a crowd; their beauty was too subdued, their dress too quiet. The mother absently fingered a vase of cheap London flowers, and her thoughts went back fifteen years, ;£? She was a \oung girl in her teens at that time, and she and Hugh had dearly loved one another. But Stella's parents were poor, and their daughter's beauty her sole dower. So Hugh Sinclair was given his conge, avd Stella, a year after, was persuaded to marry a. timely rich man devoted to the only daughter of well- bred paupers. Ah ! how things had turned out since then! And the wouau sighed. Stella was the penniless wife of a convict; and Hugh Sinclair, the rising artist, was the fortunate husband of a wealthy, good-natured, if somewhat vulgar Jewess. Parents dead, penniless and proud, Mrs. Adair was just able by the work of her brain to support herself and her daughter in decency. * Aud now this strange thing had happened — Mrs Sinclair had met Mary ! Quite naturally, of course, aud in this manner : Fussy, good natured, and philanthropic, Mrs Siuclair took a great interest in children and schools. She loved prize givings, bazaars, and such like,, and one day came across Mary at a girls' concert. Now, Mrs Sinclair's two children resembled their' mother; and, as that good lady heard Mary sing, aud marked her angelic face, eyes with long-fringed lashes and golden hair, she sighed and be thought her or Kachel and Rebecca. 'Such a pity! And Hugh so wanting a child's 'face .for his masterpiece ! ' \ However, one cannot have every thing in this world; and the fates had given her unlimited wealth, a handsome husband, and two children. The girls were gawky and good. 'But—' And Mrs Sinclair looked .at Mary and sighed. What would she not .have given for a daughter like tliat ? ?A lid. so the kindly solii sought out.Mfiry ; found she was poor and fatherless, and asked her to come and play with Hachel aud llcbecca. J .o her surprise, the invitation was refused. Se renewed it, but tii'o ? only response she could get was;: — 'Mother did not allow her to go' to- parties.' Poor Mary ! The girl seemed almost inclined to rebel. She loved luxuries and fine things. There was little to attract the eye in the upper part of that drear No. 4 Spring Court, West Centra], and Mrs. Sinclair had actually singled her out from all the girls at the concert! It was really too bad of mother. So, that it whs somewhatpettishly that Mary responded over the bread and meal that frizzling. day in July. 'Do you want to go to Mrs. Sinclair's, Mary?'' ~ The girl colon red wilh pleasure. W.ik her mother rolonfing? , ''.She hsis ii -? bc.Kufiinl house and-; — ? ' 'I stud, do you want to go?' 'Yes, mother, 1 should like it' (eagerly).' ?.Stolla sinlied. With- all her {oil, it'wns tis much as she could do to decently clothe and send the girl tcTthe High School. It was quite natural tlr.it i he fleshpots of Egypt ? attracted her. And so Mary went, and Hugh Sinclair, sitting in his studio, started and paled, as he saw the girl enter on his wife's arm * It was to him a ghost out of the iong-dead past, 'What is your name, my dear?' he asked, stroking gently the golden carls lying around her waist. ''Mary Adair!' And the timid, long-lashed eyes gazed upward into his. He shook his head. The name conveyed nothing to him, but her eyes brought back a flood of thoughts. And then, looking at the child for her own sake, the man said to himself : ' She is beautiful !' ' She is half-fed,' said the move practical Jewess. And she took Mary to hpr motherly heart. And, indeed, beside Rachel and Rebecca, Mary did look fragile. And the good woman thought she would call and see Mrs Adair, and get a loan of her girl for the summer holidays. Poor Stella ! When the portly Jewess, rustling in rigid silk,, went down the creaky staircase the unhappy mother threw herself on her little bed, and wept tears of humiliation and pain. Not. that her visitor was unkind ; on the contrary it was her kindness which was the difficulty. And, she was Hugh's wife ! Hugh, whom she had last seen with his paled and strained eyes, when she had bidden him good-bye for ever ! . But her pride ought not to blight the future of Mary. And Stella, drying her tears, proceeded to dust the shabby little old portmanteau wherein to pack her child's scant wardrobe, ' She is all I have, and I must give her up, too ! ' she thought bitterly ; nor was the pain lessened when the girl appeared rosy with' delight, full of the kindness of her new friends, and of gladness for her holiday. ' AndJ oh ! mother, he paints such lovely pictures. And he says I am like a dear friend he had years and years ago. A dear friend he has lost, and he wants to paint me.' The tears raced down Stella's cheeks as she bent over her child's things. She could see Hugh. He was the'^same as ever. His was not one of the foi'getful loves. Her heart laughed behind its tears. Severance has, indeed, its sorrow, but the deadliest pang is to be forgotten! . ? ? \- And so Mary went off in high spirits, - as unconscious of tho mother's loneliness, the mother's grief, as in her bright childhood she was of her own beauty. At first, life has enough to do with living—it is only later that it slackens down to think ! ' Yes, my dear,' said the portly Mrs Sinclair over her dessert. ' Mrs Adair is quite the lady — she did not- assume anything. Quite the lady, but shockingly poor. It makes me quite ill to think of her rooms in that dreadful part — the shabiness, and all. And yet, with he i- manner and looks — for she is quite beautiful — I .^ never, really took in the place till I was gone. When one's once a lady it's wonder ful what one can do.' Poor, dear Mrs Sinclair ; that 'once' is a long time coming to some ! And yet I doubt not that thy kind, roomy heart hath in it. much of largess without which none are gentle and great ! ' Can't you help her ? Couldn't sho come down, too ??' His wife's face puckered. ' She is a very difficult person to help,' she answered. 'Proud, dear. Not offerisivelvy so, you understand. But a sort, of woman you could by no means take a liberty with. She would not have to alter her manner for any station.' 'You ha-ve such tact, ^ Ruth,' passing his wife the port. 'It seems wicked to leave a woman like that. You say the place is very poor ?'J ' All I can say is, that 1 never saw any place, like it. It's only less of a Ruijn-ise than the woman who lives in ?it.' *. And then, thoughtfully : ' 1 did try and say something about her coming to tea, to see ?your pictures or something. She thanked me so nicely,' but said she rarely wenl out. What more could I say ?' ' Poor (hing !' said, Hugh. For he, loo, had been poor and proud .once'. . And the felkw -feeling for all ?stiuggle regained with him now in his days of plenty, and gave, perhaps, that, charm to the pictures which weie making. his name famous — fame which he valued only as some sort, of recompense to Ruth. 'At. all events, we'll do what we can for the child, deal*.1' . .-.-..-.? ? '??' / . ? And EO'lhey.di.i.!. . ' And Mary ' was decidedly an acquisition ; one of those girls with a pretty shallow nature that finds a smiiefui way to people's hearts, Hugh painted her in every con ceivable attitude, and she because the ? eri'able right, band of good Mrs fcjii.eiair. Thus weeks passed into months, ruiii still ^lie stayed, aud still Sleiln hid !l;:i UiO llCfsi! tn recall her. ()..(.-?? f-l:e came b.-uk lor a night, so ' ; L.-Hij;; d, itiuofd, ih;it her mo i her \- ri- d all ni«ht, ami J limed her face to the wail i:s Lei- sore hi-ait trouble. One-, when she ,'ict-ew Hugh was awr.y, she went to Cadogan Gardens and taw his studio and Mary's picture. It was luMTeU', with the very dress S she wore that, smnmer- iiinc long ago ! i Thin the -reiume-j to her lonely! life, atd wrote ei.d wrote. Stella; Adair was a name getting known to editors. There was something in her work full of heart. Light touches, as if her pen bad been dipped in the deep floods through which 'her life had passed. The days were turning from the sunshine. It was aututiin with ihs worker aud her work. And, when wearied with incessant toil, she sat by the poor, frail remains of a fire — deep in her one luxury of thought— she would wander back down those dim aisles of Long-ago . And. the 'outcome of it all would bo: ' He must never know !' And, after all, Mary's future was made, She had kind friends, and the friends loved her. She. was beautiful, she would marry and have a home of her own. Pray Grod. she would, before her beauty aud those paintings made her a toast. And in those days Stella's-husband died — he whose name, for the child's sake, she ceased to bear — and the times grew easier for the lonely woman. Her life's work seemed done, and she wag weary. When winter came, .a short hack ing; oo ugh disturbed her nights. Her daily, work grew irksome; her pen was less productive, The winter was hard. Had Mrs Sinclair oiily known that the hampers she sent to Mary's mother were often her solo susten ance ! Moreover, our old friend, influenza, was about. Good Mrs Sinclair was recovering therefrom, wheu one day she sent to her husband's studio in trepidation : \- '' Hugh,'' she said, ' it. is quite dreadful ' (the plumpcheeks stream ing with good-natured sympathy), ' poor Mrs Adair is dying, and neither I nor Mary are fit to go to her. It is quite six weeks since the child saw her mother. What with Sfc Moritz and the influenza — oh, dear, what shall we do ?' ; ' I will go,' he. said simply. The good woman sank back on hercushion with a sigh of relief. 'What a dear! 1 -^ knew you would, Hugh. Please do all that is necessay and-^- — ' But Hugh, was gore. Buttoning his fur coat tightly around him, he took a hansom, and was soon across Lou don. ''* 'Oh, sir, T am scTglad yon have come,' said the landlady. 'The- poor thing's just goin'. You'll find her on the top front ; I've jist left her, .and the doctor s a-counn agin at five. All was silence as he entered that small, bare room; ? . It seemed empty, save for that small bed, and its still occupant. . The man sank on his knees by the couch. 'Stella!' ' . With an effort she half lose, and laid her head on his breast. Both his arms were round her, as with passionate tenderness he smoothed the beautiful hair from the damp forehead. It was as if they had never parted. ' Aud, in the twilight of. that December day these two once again aaid ''Farewell.' Rosamunds Oelriciis, 