A GHOST IN THE LAW COURT. Oae of tha most celebrated Assize cases arose out of a murder committed iu Warwickshire. A farmer, on -bis return from the market at Southern, vras murdered. A man went tbe next morning to his wife, sad inquired if her huaband came home tbe evening before. She replied a*, and that she was under tbe utmost anxiety and terror en that account. Your terror, said lie. cannot equal mine, for latt night, as 1 lay in my bed, quite awake, the appariiiou of your hus baud appeared to me, showed me several stabs in his body, told me he had beea murdered by such a persoa, and his carcase thrown iato suob a marl pit. The alarm it»b given, tbe pit seatcbed, the bady found, tho wouuda answered the description of them. The man whom the gbsst bad accused was apprehiaded, and com mitted en a violent suspicion ef murder. His trial came on at Warwick beiore the Lord Chief Justice Raymsad, when the Jury would have coBficted, as rashly as tbe Justice ef the Peace had committed bim, bad not tbe Judge checked them. Be addressed himself in words to tLis purpese : 'I tbink, gentlemen, yeu seem inclined to lay more stress eu tbe evidence ot au apparition tbau it will bear. I caunot say tbat I give much credit to these kiad of stories ; but, be that as it will, we bave - no right to fallow bur own private optntuu here ; we are now iu a Csmrt of Law, and must determine; according to it ; and I know a»t of any law now in being which will admit of the testrumuy of an apparition ; nor yet, if it did, doth tke guest appear to give evideuce. Crier,' said be, ' call tbu ghost '.' wbich was thrice done, but to so purpese. It appeared Hot, ' Geatkmeu of the jury,' con tinued tbe judge, ' tbe priwuer at the bar, as you bave beard, by undeniable witnesses is a man of unblemished character ; nor hatb it appeared, in the course of the examination, that there was any manner of quarrel or grudge be tween bim aad the party deceased. I do vntily believe bim ts be perfectly iuatcent ; and, as there ia no evidence against bias, either positive or circumstantial, he must be acquitted. But from circumstances wbich bave arisen duriag the trial, I do strongly suspect the geutleman who saw the apparition was himself the mur derer, in whioh oasa be might easily aBGfirtain the pit, Vhe stabs, Jhj., without any supernatural assistance ; and on such suspicion I sball tliiuk myself justified in committing him to close custody, till the matter can be further inquired into.' Tbis was -immediately d«ue, and a warrant granted far seaiching his house, wtaen such strong proofs -f guilt appeared against bim, that he confessed tha murder, and was sentenced ta be executed at the next assizes. 