THU FEDERAL ELECTIONS BILL. ft. is to be hoptil tHiai the passage of arms between tho two members for tlie town ufliich toole plaee io Wie Assembly on Thwsdary evening was duo rather to a misunderstanding than to any less easily removable cause. ßutJi tnembcatt desire earnestly that Central Queensland should haT dirent lvprescmtation in the Senate, .md Slr. Leahy desiiws just as earnestly that it should r,dL Mr. Leahy is"a past muster in thc art of undc-rgronsid engi* livering, and he is not faniiliarwilSt Ute an- cient nile about divide and conquer. He seems lo hilve sat himself deliberately to sow in Mr. Curtis's mind the idea (Juat in Borne way lie had been inipropcnly trcntcd by Afr. Kidston, and to have endeavoured to get. him to complain of this wrong, or fa.iu.-iod wrong, publicly. Unfortunately he »VHS tm successful in drawing Mr. Curtis, with the result that thc House wai* treated. J tn a différence of view cn an apparently j peisonaj matter, greatly no doubt to the delight of Mr. l.ctohy. So far a« van bc! judged by tho report in " Hnn=ajxl," which j i* reproducá! in Ulis issue, there tines noti oppcar to be any ground for thc idta, Mr. Leahy suggested to Mr. dillis, that Mr. Kidston fojestaJlnd Slim in moving his amendment Mr. Kidston spoke beforo Mr. Curtis in thc débale on tilic second r.xuliiiLi, and indicated Jits iulcraUon to move an amendment in CommiDU'e, provid- ing foi- ¡división into three unless Mr. Dick- son agreed to propose an amendment that thc colony bo divided into six. When the Houe* went into Committee he moved this amendment. Mr. Curtis WUK also prepared to move such an umeudiucnit, but appear» io have thought of suggesting tliait tlie ? South should geil four members and thc Centre and Mío North one each. In n pri- vate convection' betw«í:¡ thc two gentle- men Mr. Kidston suggested that it would bc belter to leave some Northern member to moví) such an »mendmmi, for, un- doubtedly, a mvmlici' of Northern members would bo opposed t!> it, and tills opposition would not be wiflcnnd by the jiantsidmeJii fouling irani a. Central member: oil of whiuli sains very ittisioiiablc. Hut there is no occasion tu follow thc matter further, for thc two members arc entirely nt one over this bill. Both desire that tlie colony should be divided in IQircs, wiffli two mrnilierH for reich division. But both re- cognise tildie, is nw hope of olsluming tili», nial they have expressed their willingness to accept tihree divisions with Hie Centre receiving nady isa? representative, ami fail- ing that, they would prefer six division» provided Central Queensland were made one, rattier than sen thc colony one electo- rate. Their agreement . «! lille limiter is complete. Both art sincerely anxious to protect tho inlciVi-Ls of Cenira! Queensland in thin mutter, anid only Hies- like Mr. Leahy who desire to see Central Quccn-s liind sacrificed, and who wish to make niis ehir-f between urtu politically o)i|>o-*.<l to themselves, would have excited themselves ns 3ie did. Turning to the delwtc itself, it showed clearly that thc (lovcnimenl had <Ielibe-| riitely gone hack on its promise to the Central and Northern divisions over thc j senatorial seilt«. Speaking in thc Assembly i last year of thc power to divide Queens- land for tlie senatorial elections, Mr.Dick-! son said-" 1 think hon. inembcis will agree j " with me Hint this is ¡1 concession to " Queensland which, considering the great j " extent of our territory «nd thc various " iiitiei'ii-ds of this colony, will lion con-| "siderablc improvemeiit in tile bill." That| was Inst year, nnd now we have Mr. Dick- j son bringing down Ulis hill in which he ' deliberately dcelincs lo take advantage of this .'considerable improvement." Fur- ther, we linvc the admission of the Pre- mier that the fuel that this concession had been obtained lu-1 j M-, I very materially to enuc tilt bil1 in UK North, und wc ali know it iva- of great, assistance in the Centre. The icsi'lt of nuking the colony one cIci'iniMtf tm Senate is to pince tim "lection of -vitni.ors wholly in Hie hand- nf the South, niii^pvactically in Uic hands oí u fe« men in Brisbane. An nsso cinlion presided over by the Premier lins been formed in Brisbane ki bring out can- didates of n certain pol won I colour, and it. it signifieiint that at tlie first meeting which was held to form ilfcfr. Leahy, who hus since been elected onelf thc vice-pre- sidents, said thnt n room lo hold twenty people would have been suAcient for their purpose. Following on tl^ formation of ..4 probably be president, to bring «Hit sennV torial candidates of another colour'/ Hfttyi it is quite plain that the nomination: if candidates for tho Senate will bc In ilxt bands of these two Brisbane association^' . No man who is not taken, up by one jori other will have a ghost of a chance. Ile] Home Secretary said he was qujte aura1 j that both Northern and Central toen' : would bc returned to the Senate evett tl 'thc colony were ono electorate. That'll ! very probable, if they are nominated Jr/ j one or other of these two Brisbane asso 1 cia tiens, but Ute man who is banned by , bolh these associations may give up «U ; hope of entering thc Senate. The first ' thing a mas must do to secure election to thc Senate will bc to capture Die assochl I lion bc desires to run under. If he fails I in that, Uim he is done for, no mattet I how excellent a candidate bc may be, and I if he succeed he witt have a capital chalice, j let him bc ever so poor a representative. 