P5' icomzsTS fir tsis issvbi Frank Parketer's Stratagem WM. RAYNQR. [OQPTIUOnT.] ?JORAft Solmer yJ Bat in the par V lour of her Bk i other's houso |\ at Smartatono 8 \ in Torlcshlre. 1 \ Before her was ? ? \ an open news § ' paper which . I had been de Brtft. v livered bv tho postman a fevr minutes pre viously. It ,^-j, was the dsAv. Wurrywayo ^3 (Australia! iV^- Mercury, and thero was one paragraph which had been marked in red ink, 'apparently to call Norah's attention to it. | - DEATHS. HORNOASTLE.-On Saturday, the 6th Sep tember, at Wurrywayo, John Stuart Horn castlo, osed Mycara, of dysoutery, after an illness of only two days. | Norah stared at tho paper with dry eyes, 1 her lips clrnwn tightly together with an ex pression of inward agony on her face. Then nature came to her relief, and sho sobbed pitoously. ' Dead 1' sho cried. ' Ob, my poor, poor Jaok ! Tho light of my life is blotted out.' And it seemed aa if she spoke truly. Instead of the brisk, happy Norah of old, she became as if by the touch of a magician's wand a plodding, careworn young woman, going: about her work in. her father's bouBe ? without heart, and simply as a matter of duty ? , and routine. i In one short day sho appeared to havo aged ? ten years. I Norah's father was a grocer, but hla trade was not ilouriBhing. Ho was a shopkeeper of tho old school ; competition had arineu which ho could not cope with ; and that, and an unfortunate tendency on his part to drown his cares in the cup that inebriates, had sent him on the downward path. By far hifl largest creditor was Frank Parketer, a young man of means who had succeeded to a good Iwholesalo grocer's business ; and Frank had Ifallon hopelessly in love with Norah Balmer i— -hopelessly, because her heart was already 'given to Jaok Horncastle. Prank, however, ? wasa persistent suitor, and had mare than* ? once intimated to old Samuel Balmer that if ?ho could induce his daughter to accept him ? ihe would wipe off all his debts and practically pension the old man off. i To do Mr. Balmer justice, he bad not, i hitherto, pressed Norah on the subject. He ?: respected her love for Jack, and now that I Jack was dead, after allowing time for thu ifirst passionate grief to subside, he gently put it to her whether Bhe could not bring ' herself to nmrry i'rank Purketer and save ilier old father and herself from rain. I Norah did not care what happened to her, ' and sho allowed hereelf to be led like a lamb I to tho bluuiAt* r. I Frank Parketer's and Norah's tastes did inot prove to bo in common. Fast, fond of a I town life, and a little given to betting, he ? noon got tired of hi» handsome, quiet wifo, j and, Keeking those pleasures that wetocon I genial to him, he left her at home to care for j their only child, a jnrl. Norah. |- Mrs. Parketer pascjvoly submitted to his ! neglect ; aud whon, after six years of wi-dded I life, her husband died from the effects of ! dissipation, lea Wug his affaire so involved that jshe was thrown ou the world almost j penniless, she applied herwlf with quiet '.fortitude to the tusk of earning bread for 1 herself and her daughter. Ah a mother sho loved her little Norah devotedly, though her life, so to speak, was buried with Jack Horu uaatle. ^ i ? ; *-? ? -' I Little Norah was 'little' no longer. Although only sixteen she was tall, with a sedate and peuaire expression which gnvo her an appearance of being older than she really was. ; Mrs. Parketer had contrived (o keep b«r daughter and herself by means of her needle, but her sight hud lately been failing, and the doctor told her thnt she must give her eyes a complete rest or she would very likely go blind. This seemed impossible, but young Norah had set herself to learu shorthand and j typewriting, and was now trying hard to ! obtain a situation, so as by h«r earnings to i let her mother hiive the real she required. She a. lowered advertisements and eagerly . watched the poxtuiau ou his rounds, but I disappointment had hitherto been her lot. | At last, however, one morning, there wua the I unusual but welcome 'rat-tat.' 'Mother, mother!' she cried. 'I'vegota letter. I am to go and seo the gentleman this morning. It's at the 'Australian Wool Agency ' in Moorgate street.' ' I pray God you may be successful, my darling.' ' Oh, I am sure I shall get the place,' cried I Norah hopefully.' I have a presentiment that I 1 shall.' . . \ '* Ah, child, presentiments, when they are of good fortune, are mostly thoughts born of wishes,' replied her mother. 'But let me look at the lutter.' Nomb handed her a typewritten note. 'Mr. Hurucustle will be glad if Mi*a Piirkotxsr will call upon him to-morrow moruiui; at. eleven o'cluck.' ' Horncii8tlo ! ' murmured Mra. Parketer. '? How different it would ull have been if poor Jack hud not died.' 'What did you say, motherP' asked Noruh. 'Nothing, my darling. I was only think ing. The niimo of Hornoaxtle reminded me , of someone whom J knew years ago. If the name g..e» fur anything in the way of good luck,', she nddea. with u ghost of a smile, 'you ought tobesurioussful.' ' Month, anxious not to be late, arrived in Moorgato street full ten minutes too won. The youth who wus in the offiui- know her errand, mid the idea or mis tall, ludylilc girl being his fellow-clerk wus curious lo him. Ho received her with a strange, mixture of shj respect aud familiarity. 'Mr. Horucostle hasn't come yet, miss,' he said. ' It's not a markat day, you know, and ho's novor here before eleven on ' off \- days ' ' 'Oh, thank you,' she answered timidly. '1 will wait.' 'Here's a ohair, miss,' said the olerV, as ho shifted ono towards her. ' Tho guvnor's Hiiro to be here at eleven. He's awfully punctual.' The ten minutes Beeined an age to Norah, but precisely as tho dock in the Bank of England olunged out the hour the office door was thrown open, and u fine, broad shouldered, athlwtio-looking muu of about forty yeare of age. or perhaps a little more, walked in. He glanced at tho girl who wiu» Bitting in tho railed-in space that did duty for a waiting-room, and, as he did no, hiii face paled visibly and he stared at her so fixedly that film felt quite confused. 'Ah! You've called in answer' to my note, haven't you?' he said, as he noticed hor.riHing colour. 'I will see you almost immediately — ao soon as I have opened my letters.' Tho letters were fow and unimportant that morning, and what there were were quickly thrown aside. But Mr. Horncastle sat with bis chin on his huud in deep thought. ' Strange ! ' he muttered. ' I selected her letter out of hundreds because of the name of Nornh, and she's the very image of my poor nweothcart.' Then he remembered that the ?? image ' wa« waiting, and he called for her to be shown in. ' Take a seat, Miss I'arketer,' ho said, a» :he artfully pinned a chuir. whero the light ? would full full upon her. ' You can use the typewriter?' ' Slie win- iiorvoua and trembling. '1 havo lourut it, sir,' bhe replied. 'But \- J — I'vo not had a situation ret.' 'isoe,' ho saS6, tsmninujy. *«Anu,Hio idea, of applying for ono flurries yoil n littlo. Well, now, suppose you tako a note of a letter in shorthand and then typo it lit the machine,, so thnt t oan seo how you inuimgo it. Take your time now, nnd don't bo too anxious. I am quito willing to mnko all allowances for you,' ho added kindly. This big, strong gentleman was very nico nnd reassuring, Isorah thought, and it gave her courage. Sho took the note from his dictation and typed- it absolutely without mistake. .. ' That's famously flouo,' ho said. And he offered her a warn which Was OatiBidettlbly more than sho had oxpooted. ' You can start to-morrow,' ho continued. ' But before you go -might I ask you n fow questions aa to yourself f' Norah crimsoned as sho opened her littlo satchel. ' I quite forgot, Bir,' she niiswered. 'I havo a letter hero as' to my character from our olergyman and also ono from the firm that mother has worked for ns to our respect ability.' - ? '1 did not mean that,' he replied, with a wavo of the hand. ' I am~atisfied with you without anything of that sort. But you remind mo forcibly of someono clso. Whero were you born f' The abruptness of tho question startled her. *'I — I was born at timartstone in York shire, sir.' 'Very extraordinary! Very extra ordiuary !' he exclnimed. 'Have you any one of the nnmo of Balmer in your family ?' 'My mother's maiden name was Balmer,' Mho said. 'It's strange,' ho cried. 'I thought that I knew every family in Smurtstono, and yet I only know one Baluior. Samuel Bal:i:er, the grocer.' - 'He was my grandfather, rir. I recoiled him well. Ho died »when I was six yeurw ola, just before my own father died.' Mr. Horncastle jumped from his chair and walked the room excitedly. 'Is your mother's name Norah, like yours P' he asked. 'Yes, her name's Norah, sir.' 'Then I've been wiokedly imposed upon,' ho cried. And, shouting to the youth in tho office, he told him to fetch a cab immediately. Then ho unlocked a Safe and took a small packet of newspapers from a drawer. And in less* than half an hour a cub con taining Mr. Horncastlo and the wondering Norah drove up to the littlo house at High bury, where »ho and her mother lodged. 'Norah!' 'Jack!' And Mv. HorncnRtle's newly-ongagod lady clerk vras astounded to Bee her employer seize her mother, who started sobbing hysterically, and clasp her to hia breast. VI cannot have you for u olerk, Norah,' paid Jaok Homcastle, after he had heard her mother's story. ' You must be my daughter instead.' 'But, Jack!' cried. Mrs. Purketer. '1 dnn't understand it. Your death was adver tised in the paper.' 'So was yours, my lovo,' ho said. 'J have the old copy of the Smartstone Chronicle in my pockot. Look!' And Mrn. Parkpter and young Nornh read the advertisement of the former's death. 'Yes, it's In that paper,' said Mrs. Parketer. 'But I can swear it wasn't the real Smartstone Ot-rimiele, bprause father took it every week, and — and it's absurd !' ' Someone must have falsified the papers both in Australia aud in Englund,' said Jack. Some villuin ? ' 'Hush, Jack,' she said, gently. 'It must have been Frank. Ho's dead.' And so it proved. Jnok met a man in London soiho tittle afierwafdB who had been at WorrywMyu, and who knew a printer in the newnpnpor office, a relative of Parketer's. On his deathbed this printer hnd confessed to Jiick's informant that be hud nltered the type, by arrangement with.; Parketer, after the regular copies of thu piipor had been printed, and hud inserted a false notice of Jack's death in it. 'It seemed to haunt him in his dying hour,'' stud the num. 'He told mo all about it, and made me promise to try and undo any mischief that might hiwo beon done. But it was so long ago that I thought it better not to take any notice.' ' But how about tho Smartatone papor ?' queried Jack. ' Oh. of course, Purketer must have played the same trick there, too I He bribed some body in the office to strike off one falxe print. It would bii nitsy enough if the paper wasn't ft ereotyped.' 