A COMPLETE STORY. MB8 WICK'S MISADVENTURE. She waa very, very stout ; but Archie, gallant little soul that he waa, Baid he didn't care — he didn't care a twopenny - Hp was gt)iiig to row her to the island if she waa twenty stone, hanged if he wasn't J Twenty etone Bounded rather a large order in the month of a little bit of a fellow who only iuat turned the scale at nine when he waa at hia best — which meant, he protested when he gorged 'himself like a boa-constrictor j and rushed full tilt to the weighing- machine, j ^ So now, of course, they all laughed at him, and he, not at all of course, laughed But then a man can afford to laugh when he ia a host, and a baronet, and his foot on his native heath, that heath being fall charged with grouse and well manured with American dollars. Sir Archie's widowed mother had brought j them, and the very stout lady above alluded to the widow's compatriot and early friend. To thia faot some attributed a dutiful son's present resolution ; others said it ww because he waa so small that he waa boastful of tackling anything so big ; bnt the moat believed in their hearts that the fair and only daughter of Mrs William P- Wick was the true cause Sir Archibald's valor. Mabella was a lovely 'girl, and as it waa already clear that tne Kiloonochiea did not object to her nationality, what more natural than that the son Bhould follow the father's example P 41 Anyhow, I'm going to do it,' said the young man, alluding to the boating excursion not to any ulterior design, as to which* if he entertained it, he had the eenBe to be silent. v. A m gouig to row t^e old lady, smgle -V handed, too — at least,' a alight hesitation just audibie — ' at least if she will trust her self to me. Of course, she may funk it.,J 11 Oh, come, come ! No shirking, no back ing out I'1 They closed in around him, laugh ing and threatening* 41 Shirking P Who talks of shirking? I'm not shirking.' The little bantam cock drew himself up, and -strutted hither and thither ram-gloriously. 'It was' not -for myself,' protested he, shaking off hia tormentors ; 4- Tre said I'd do it, and I will do it,' with tremendous emphasis ; ' but I am not' going to frighten a woman. Don't you think it, you fellows. So, if Mra Wick asks me to take another oar with us I So there !' Upon which there was no more to be said. The day was broiling ; 'not a breath stirred tie glassy surface of the-looh, and the air quivered with electricity. 41 It can't be done, Arohie, my boy.' His cousin Hector gently pulled the boaster on one side. 'I Bay Fve got to do it,'' groaned Archie back. Hog tor nodded thoughtfully. 41 Don't let them oome see hi off, that's all I ask,' petitioned hia cousin, thankful for a «ympath-?fcio ear. 11 You tell them not. Take me P' 41 All right. Oh, yes, I take you.' ' I couldn't stand it,' proceeded the little man, piteoualy. ^ ' Ifs not for myself, of course ; but *1 j^on't have my mother's friend and Miss Mabella* s mother, n significantly, 'Laughed at. Mabella is an awfully nice girl.' He shot a glance. Hector Cameron looked the other way. ' Anyone of them would be {jlad to be civil to her, ' ' appended ^ Sir Archie. 4 ' You would, yours elf.1 1 'I would.' 41 And she's rich ; she's a prize ; she's not (or a poor man. The two mammas have agreed as to that, Hector— oh, I say, I'm awfully sorry; didnt mean to be nasty, only you see——' ' Oh, I see, 17 Little Sir Archie chuckled to himself, as with a spasm Upon his fice the other moved away. 4,I thought so1,,'mufctered he under' bis breath, 11 Poor old chap, but he has not , the ghost of a chance. He knows it, too, that's the worst of it ; it makes him so j deuoed melancholy and interesting. They 1 would be a handsome couple, but — no, no, 1 my boy, it's no go. Mrs Wick would never trust herself to you in a small boat, not if i you were to lie nnder fhe Jea of the ahoro i the whole day. Hi | Hector,' he called : alnnfl. Hector turned reluctantly. '? You see Fm in for it, but conldn't— couldn't you manage to oome, too r' whis pered Sir Arohie, insinuatingly. ' Just at the last, step in ? It would be nothing to a thundering big fellow hVp you, all muscle — but I don't tnind owning that I did not bsrgain for the day's turning into such a sweLterer. Here she oomee 1 Well done, Mrs Wick,' in another tone. 'Notafraid of the heat? Awfully plucky of you. We'll go down to the boathouse then. Hector Cameron will help ua to get out the boat. It will be rather hot, I'm afraid. We than' t go very fast, if there's only me,'- suggestively. Ten mintitee afterwards the watchers from the windows beheld th« little boat strike out into the loch, and there were three figures 1 in it 1 'He's done na !' cried one and all. ' Little brute 1' muttered a j salons aipi- j rant, with a scowL 1 In the boat, however, all was good humor j and unanimity. Mrs Wick liked going i faster than she had expected ; the day was ' oertainly hot, and Mr Cameron a better j oarsman than his- cousin. She lay at her ease — more at her ease Hihti she could have been with -only one little toiling, perspiring figure opposite — and as Mabella was not preient to aee how easily the fine, muscular ; athlete drew hii «troke, and how cool he 1 kept, while the poor little ' stroke'* had to 1 resort to many a devioe in order to gain a minute's breathing spaoe, Bhe granted to ^^^^ereelf readily enough that Air Cameron's and assistance were welcome. Sir jLrchie, it appeared, was not at home in a boat— even his own boat. He fidgeted with his feet, splashed with his oar, showed prpraly ignorant when some thing went wrong witn the rowlooka. FT™ cousin had to oome to his assistance, and Mrs Wick, with her heart in her moutb, was thankful she had not entrusted herself to the solitary care of one so foolish. Sup posing an accident were to happen f All went well, however, and the island was reached in safety. ' You tote her round, Hector,' murmured the host, aside. ?' Fm dead beat. Most have a smoke, and a lie down.' Aloud : ' There's a view from the point up there, Mrs Wick, which you ought to see. My oousin will Bhow you the way. You'll excuse me, won't you? I must have a rest,' . with an emphasis upon tbe 4 1 must, ' * whicji was not lost upon the lailyl The oolor deepened on her cheek.' 'He might have said xrutxight that he had been towing a hippopotamus,' muttered-she. ?* Oh, pray don't let me trouble either of you,' the cried aloud, in somewhat strained accents. ' But I want to Bee the view, too,' said Hector Cameron, gentry. He felt ashamed of his cousin. By the time the trio re-assembled Mrs Wick had recovered her equanimity. She caught something, however, as she was pre paring to step into the boat for the return, which again disturbed it, for Bhe waa now on the alert, and only fat people know how sensitive fat people can be on that terrible subject. This was what the widow overheard : ' *» Good Lord, Hector. I was a fool to let my _ self in for thia. We've got here, but we ' nhaH be all night going home. Yen must do the work, for there is nothing left of me.' 41 All night going home I' Rude creature. She could have hit him with her parasol, Bhe fdt 60 angry. She even began to wonder if, after all, such a husband lor Mabella— or, rather, such a son-in-law for herself — would r«ally be desirable ? The little smirking wretch, to make fun of her after leading her into snch a strait ! And was it not hia own proposition ? But for him she weuld never hive thought of it. How pleasant and civil he had been when he talked of the beauties of the lake, and the view from the island, and how resolutely he had refused to listen when she demurred to his undertaking so much exertion on ber account. 14 Serves him right to puff and blow now,' thought she fiercely^ but she blushed with mortification nevertheless. All her spirits were gone, and no one sought to revive them. 11 Well, we're here at last, thank Heaven, v cried Sir Archie, with unconcealed relief, when at last the silvery etrand of the main land was approached. 41 I Bay, Mrs Wick, wouldn'tryon like to be landed here ? It is such a long way round to the boat-house, and we could put you ashore easily on thia point. And it's not jbe way np to the house,15 ne added, brazenfacodly, for it was a very considerable way to the house, and he knew it, ' I'll never go in a boat with him again as long as I live,' cried the inBulted Mrs Wick to herself. ' And what's more, if he asked me for Mabella to-morrow ? '' but she could not quite go so far as to decide about Mabella. The next five minutes, however, did that for her. Hector Cameron had brought the boat to shore neatly enough ; it was not precisely an easy landing, bnt a little skill was all that was required ; and a stony headland which ran out into the shallow water waa handy for the purpose. 44 Now, Mrs Wick.' Sir Archie, all alan rity (' at getting rid of me/3 the widow told herself), jumped up and offered hi-- hand, 'futyout foot on the side of the boat ' 'No, no ; in the middle— in the middle — not the Hide !' cried his cousin, who v?as busy holding the boatle nose to the rocks — but it was too late. The next moment there wa^j a splash, a gurgle, and bat that they couldn't do it at the depth, the waters would have closed over the haples body of Mra William P. Wick. As it was, a portion of her, and not a small portion either, «tiU remained above the surface. But she waa wet through and frightened to death, and Sir Archie laughed, His chances, ? if even he had desired any, of the fair Ma halla's hand, wera extinguished for ever by that laugh. The next minute the widow* tears and paint running down her cheeks* was sobbing and gasping in the arms — ye% positively in the arms of that splendid, hand some, kind*hearted, dear, dear voting man she used to wipe her eyes at this point when recounting the story afterwards — and. oh ! how he flew out at his cousin, and swore at him — that he did — shocking to hear ! Bat still, young men's tongues will break loose, j you know, when their blood is up ; and to hear that devilish young imp with his he — I he — he ! — (the narrator herself was not sparing of her epithets, as may be eeen) — to hear him, and see him grinning and dancing about was enough to make a saint swear. ?' And, I do declare I cotild have hugged the other, and what's more, I did,;! cried she in conclusion, ' for he carried me — that's to say, he almost carried me, for I'm sure I couldn't have walked to save my life, right through the water, and set me down upon the grays I was never ho thankful for any thing as that grass, it was eo nice aud hot. But Hector — you see I call him Hector now for he's going to marry Mabella, and with my hearty consent, for Pm sure Mr Wick would have approved of her having a gentle man, and a man with a humane heart, and one who's likely to turn into a real good husband, rather than a nasty, eniggering, little wrnpper- snapper whom i could never , bear to aee touch my girl, even if he be Mary ; Kilconochie's son ; let me see, where was I ? i Oh, my dear, you should have seen the pains and the anxiety with which he rubbed and dried me, all the time telling me not to mind, j and not to bo alarmed — and taking shame to j himself for awkwardness — he that hurl never ; be«n awkward at all.' j Leaning ou the arm of her deliverer — of ! course, he was now her deliverer —the un fortunate lady finally Crept up to the house. Everyone waa out, and she reached her room safely, but even there Bhe fancied she heard the echoes of derisive laughter, and would fain never have beheld Sir Archibald Kil conochie's face again. ' ^ 'H ? ? ? / It was not till the marriage, as well as the engagement, was happily acconmlifhed, that the truth came out. Sir Archie was simply bursting to tell it. 'Couldn't blab 'before, you know. High- minded sort of beggar, my cousin ; and who knows how he might have taken it ? But now that's all signed and sealed, hangtft all ! I think I ought to get the credit I deserve.' He had concocted tie whole scheme. In hia kindly little heart he had* resolved to strike a bold blow on behalf of a lover who was too obviously out of favor with the powers that be. Having no aspirations whatever in the Bame quarter, he was free to let his imagination run riot, and we know the result. *' Just let him have & chance of getting into the mother's good gracea,' reflected our astute schemer, 41 and if he can't get into the daughter's for1' himself, my name's not Archie Kiloonochie.' But though these are the plain facti of the case, neither of the ladies concerned ever knew. Sir Archie told his mother, who had been affronted on her friend's behalf, as well as perfectly bewildered by such un accountable behavior on the part of her son, bnt he solemnly shook his head at the idea of the Wicks' knowing. ** They would be sure to t.hinV H9ctor waa in it,' he said Wherefore. he preferred to sacrifice him self, and be looked askance upon whenever he came across his new American cousins. Which , I, for my part, consider was but little -^hort of heroio on the part of Sir Archie Kiloonochie. — *' M.A.P.' 