ECHOES FROM LONDON. They are the abstract ami ? Brief chronicles of tbe time. ' rFrom our Snp.'ial Ponvsmnrlant 1 LONDON. August 24. 'Pahis nvinnmov vw\nns On Saturday the grand festival at which the President of the French Republic dis tributed the awards » the successful compe titors at -the Exhibition L.-ok nlai-i- I tuitr tne come ot th« 'Julio ues rctea snme 38,000 persons had jwihered, and tlia swnc wan a memorable and brilliant one. Tbe iPiefident, in die course of an or.ttion. made the following remarks:— 'The Exhibition oi' 1900 has given a brilliant. expression to the solidarity of the human race This rolida rity will in the future render more trag:ie the triumph of force, will enforce a better recognition of the sovereignty of right. It ?will lnpose the friendly regulation of inter national conflict anil will drcugthen peaio, which is always more glorious, than the vnott slorious of wars, ll will not suppress. doubtless, all the ruin and evils to \viuc:- evil passions con give birth, bu: it will per mit ns to draw nearer to the supreme aim to which all intelligent and. all genernu heans tend— the diminution of miseries of ?verjr kind, and the realization ot frater nity.** 3L Milierand followed, telling th people that 2.S27 Grands Prix, S.lt'6 c«U medals, 12JM silver medal*, and 11.615 bronze medals had been awarded by tbe Ju ries, only the meritorious exhibitors being recognised. M. I'icanl. the Director and Organizer-in-Chief of the Exhibition, then tad some names from the Ion; lis; of awards, the national hymns of various countries were rendered in a potpourri on the organ, and proceeding ended amid ap plaufe. In the evening the whole vast Ex hibition was illuminated, and Paris was en fete. The some is described as wonder ful. .Another bridge accident, resulting in ?loss of life, unfortunately marred a great occasion THE LAST IS NOT THE LEAST IMPORTANT. In connection with the question of the fal ling-off in Knglidi yude the following facts are disconcerting. The Board of Trade re turns fcr July ihow a decrease of S.Ouu pain of boots cx|wrted, of which shortage ooly half was due to the South African war, lite year's figures show a decrease of 23,000 dozen pairs. At the same time, our imp -ris of boots and shoes for home use is {rowing. Then: is only one conclusion— the America a and French bootmakers are talcing 'our markets. These imported goods are of the higher quality, too; not the 'slop' 'stuff that English manufacturers despise. In 189S the foreigner took £317,694 for his footwear; the following year he increased hu bill to £4503)0. What is the reason? The trade admits candidly that the foreign ,boot has the secret of making the foot look : small, which the English-made boot cannot I do. 'The artistic distribution of the foot over the sole' is the aim of one; the other noes no further than 'mere distribution.' Jteaders in the trade may understand the distinction; to laymen it is very subtle. 'Every cobbler to his own last' is not a tM.vinsr motto for tbe English follower of St. Crispin; tbe last of the foreigner is the belter. The manufacturers throw the whole blame on the lastmaker, whose knowledge, they say, goes no further than to enable him to shape a block of wood into some re semblance of a foot. THE CERMANS IX EAST AFR/t'A. Mr. Dnndas, the Vice-Consul in East 'Africa, has furnished a report on the 'Jer nun colony there, in which he speaks very .highly, of German methods of enterprise. He says the Germans have put their whole ? heart into the work of development, and have missed no opportunity of turning to 'acuonnt everything ot commercial value to be found thtre. The Government lose no time in ascertaining, the natural wealth of the place, and money is freely spent in ex periments. The British trader does not think it worth his while to extend his busi neik to this the largest of the German colo nies—profits would not be large enough at the seart. Says Mr. Dundas:— '*Hc ex .pects to have everything his own way. His prospectuses, price-lists, enquiries must all be in- his. mother tongue, regardless of tbe fact -that those to whom he sends them arc foreigners, and perhaps not conversant ?with tbe English language.' Tbe popula tion of the colony is four millions— surely a .wide enough field for enterprise it the Britisher would alter his methods. 'No pains are spared,' continues the report, 'to make the most of. native intelligence. A rally good example or* what a native can at tain to is to beseen in one- named .luraa. of the Tanga. Post-office, with experience dat ing from 189L Not ooly can he read and ' write German, but be is also able to re ceive and transmit telegraphic message*. There are four Government rrhools, and in these reading, writing, arithmetic, gvo grapfiy,' jgrmnastics, and .German- are taught. They have altogether 255 pupils. 'The aims of these school* are (1) the civi lizing -of the Indians and natives, (21 de veloping of their natural talent*. (3| the 'introduction of the Latin characters in East Africa, (4) training up of Indians and natives u clerks, officials, assistant mas ten, &c.; The results are very good. A number of young people have now been trained to read and write the Latin charac ters, while a high standard of efficiency has been reached in arithmetic. It is now no ?uncommon sight to see a little Swahili amusing himself by reading short anec dotes in Swahili with Latin characters. If left abne be would never naturally have * learnt to read even in Arabic characters, ' at any rate not at the age of eight or nine years old.' THE SELF-WILLED BRITISH. If the edict goes forth ''Thou shalt not.'' the British race may abstain from wilful infringement of a negative law. But di rectly the policeman says ''Thou shalt,' there is trouble. The positive command seems to carry with it some tresDas* upoi. the free will of the people. The figures relating to vaccination illuftrate this tact in a surprising manner. The 'conscienti- ous objector' in 1S9S rebelled against the provisions of a compulsory Act that girt him no voice in what he conceived to be \- the welfare of his own child, with the re sult that only 500.314, or M per cent, of that year** crop of children were success fully vaccinated. In 1S90 when his freedom of conscience was respected, 669,349, or ?2 per cent, of the births underwent the ope ration. The figures represent great advance . on the proportion of birth* under the 'please yourself' clause, and it is believed :hat this number would have been increas ed but for -the obstinacy of some Magis trates in refusing to admit objectionc. Lord Rosebcry's dictum that the British Miinot be driven here finds a striking proof. THE JEWISH COLONI \L BANK. Some ligurcs relating to the Jewish Colo niil Bank will be of interest to those whi ire following. the Zionist movement that is now agitating the chosen people. The ro aster of shareholders number* 1*20,000, who live in all parts of the civilized world, rhe program during seven months of the present year can be seen from the follow ing:— COMPARATIVE C'Ag^AL. Dcc.31,189T July 31. 1900. Paid-up Capital £01.272 £W0,0uO Deposits £76,677 £133,000 Registered Shares 2SS.O77 317,610 fhe Bank pays interest on its shares at rates of from 3 to 5} per cent. It is anti cipated that the required sum of £250,000 will shortly be in possession, and then the Zionist- will proceed to carry out the ob jects of -the Hank. It is a curious fact that the names of the executive officers of the concern do not include that of one English Jew. Your British- Hebrew appears to be luite eatistied with' his present condition \- A GIGANTIC SCHEME. Two engineers have published a scheme tor bringing all -the railways running into London to a common terminus. The 'sug- gested central station would be 100 feet be low the surface, near Piccadilly, and its radii to the various existing stations would be constructed and worked on the 'under- ground electrical traction system, with huge iiits for tire transfer of trains (minus their engines) bodily to and from the rails at their own stations. Some scientific men think the plan is good in theory, but too costly. A NEW ELECTRICAL MARVEL. The inventor, Nikola Tesla, says he has dis covered a perfect insulation for electricity by freezing a mixture of sawdust and water in a thin metal tube about the wire carry ing the electric current. The 'Daily Mail*' .-orrespondent wired from New York on Fri day, ytating that Tesla admitted talcing the idea from a suggestion of Professor Dewar. From the same source we learn that Tesla declares that electricity will in this way be transmitted from Niagara Falls to * the l'acific_crast or through the' ocean from New York to London with no icrceptibl-' loss of power. He asserts that the inven tion will greatly cheapen electricity and cause a revolution in industrial affairs. I: may not be very long, therefore, be fore we shall be working with motive torce generated thousands of miles distant. It i% stated that Niagara waterpower con verted into electrical energy will be delivcr ed cheaper than the co*t of steampower on the spot with coal at 12s. per ton. The de velopment of the discovery will be anaite ! by scientific men with deep interest. , THE TOMBSTOXEMAKEB WAITS, Jhe Vicar of Wembley object* to the word died. A parishioner who wants to erect a stone over the tomb of his father has been informed that he uuy sty bio deceased parent 'departed this life,' or 'passed away,'' or 'entered into rest;' but the word 'died' being falte 'in the light of the Christian teaching of immortality' he must not use it. Tiie Bishop, on appeal, said at first that he could not interfere, and later, on being shown that he could, re plied that the matter was unimportant. Meantime the dead nun's grave has no stone. The controversy is very entertain ing. If the man is not dead, what is h? doing in bis /odgtng in the cold ground? Physically he is dead; he may not be in the spiritual sense, but on that matter the de vised inscription did not propose to ex press an opinion. Tnis extraordinary vicar would deprive the language of a. word of common use not only in our daily Conver sation, but al?o in the sacred writings from which he i« supposed to derive his ideas of religion. Your ecclesiastic i.« not always a safe guide in the matUr of composition. Only this week the absurd announcement on the flagging outside St. Paul's that 'Here Queen Victoria returned thanks to Almighty God fcr the eixtkth anniversary of her reign'' had to be altered by the sub stitution of the word 'accession' in pbee ot the final word. This extraordinary blunder ir.v said to have been the work of a clergyman. TO WELCOME VISITORS. The enormous number of summer visitors to England is yearly increasing. This year there were 10,000 Christian Kndeavourer* from America alono. in addition to the usual annual influx. It has been suggested that some system might be started by which visitors from America, Canada, and Australia might have an opportunity of forming desirable acquaintances here. One idea is that members of Churches should am . themselves* with introductions from their pastors to the clergymen of their denomination in England. This plan would enable them to take advantage of already existing organizations by whose assistance pleasure and instruction would be render ed mutunl between the visitors and the visited. Young ladies acquainted with the tights of the citks might act as amateur guides to their cousins from over the seas to the better understanding of both sides. The suggestion stage i* as far as affairs have got. The tin*? has arrived, but the nun to undertake the practical working oi' the thing is not here yet. THE G.E.R. DlsFlTE. The dispute between the Great Eastern Railway Company Directors and their men is still unsettled, and the outlook is omi nous. The men demand that the Directors shall fix a day upon which their decision as the result of the late Conference shall be made known: but nothing has so far been done. The Directors contend that the matter is of such importance that the volu minous representations of the men cannot be hastily considered, and time is therefore necespary in order that they may be pro perly dealt with. TO ENCOURAGE DEMAND. A publisher named Alexander Stewart Oray this week adopted a novel mode of attracting attention to a book on Chin* which i* just out. He hired .-. man and fur nished him with a Kuit of military uniform, a private cab, a coffin painted Ted. white, and blue, containing a waxen effigy of a Chinaman, and a gallows with a * noose. This apparatus together with the man :n charge succeeded in causing something of t sensation, and in advertising tne work insong the passers-by. The man wa» .harged with wearing the Queen s uniform nit bout, permission, and bringing it into ?on tempt. The publisher admitted that h«. itid not his employe, was entirely respon sible. The case is adjourned. SIRPLl'S FURNITURE. The Chancellor of the DTocese, Dr. Tri* :mci, has delivered his decision in what is iiioun as -the Brighton Ritual Case. .This suit was' brought in January last by one Ueorjio l)avcy, a parishioner of the parish [-(* the Annunciation, Brighton, against the licv. H. V. Hindc, vicar, and Jiewr*. a. Hammond and H. ¥. Littlechild, Church ivanlens. to obtain a faculty ordering the re meva! or uruin ornaments from, tne i;hurch. Dr. TrWtram has decided that the following articles must be removed: — i Stations of the Cro«s; 3 Confessional Boxes, i Article ot furniture uvd for receiving L'onfeaaron: '2 water scoops for holding holy water; 2 Tabernacles set up for the recep tion of the Reserved Sacrament; Crucifixes; Images of the Good Shepherd and tbe .Virgin Mary; vases of flowers; a lighted blue tamp; curtain with canopy; and images at' side of Holy TaWe. 'It they were not minus within three months, .Mr. Davey will be furnished with authority .to remove them himself. SIR WILLIAM STOKES. DECEASED. Sir William Stokes,' whose death took place this week, was the sou of a doctor whose father was also a doctor, so that he was as it were born to tbe stethoscope and scalpel. . Both, these ancestor* were eminent men in their day, the grandfather, besides being well-known in his'prolession was ai most equally distinguished outside of it. Wolf Tone thought him the very best man he had known. .Sir William was in 1&-H elected surgeon to the Meath Hospital, and in 1868 he U-camc surgeon ta tbe rluuse si Industry Hospitals, when he resigned the first-named position .owin$ to the popular outcry of the time against pluralism. He was formerly the lecturer in surgery in the Carmichael Sfchool, and on two occasions Visitor of Examinations for the General Medical Uouncil. Sir William was an elo quent after-dinner speaker. A STEADY PLODDING GERMAN. A millionaire named Claus Spreckles was in London this week, and one of the papers seized the occasion to explain how he made his enormous wealth. Wuen everybody joined in the feverish rush for gold thj* young German kept steadily on refining sugar in a small way. Year after year found him gradually extending his business until be was strong euough to stand out from the combination tnat formed the Sugar Trust of America. To-day he is worth ten millions of money. He was a poor German who emigrated to America in his youth, and his success is due to nothing but fore sight, business acumen, and steady indus try. Two of his sons form the big ship ping firm which runs boats from San Fran cisco to Sydney. A RECORD IN RESCUES. A woodcutter named Thomas Jackson, of St. AndrewVroad, Hackney, has perform ed his hundredth rescue. His yard abuts on Regents Canal, and Jackson works with one eye on his wood and the other on the water, ready for any emergency. Should anybody tail in he makes a. plunge, re covers the person, sets his feet upon a rock and establishes his goings, and returns to the axe. It is said that a former Secretary of the Royal Humane Society longed ar dently for' an opportunity to save a life, and with this end in view walked in the most. likely places, but his aid was never needed. It is a wonder that some kindly person who was aware of this Secretary's ambition did not arrange with some boy who could swim. A piercing shriek, a struggling boy, a gallant rescue,\and a man made hapny— it could all have ocen done {or a shilling. THE POST-OFFICE. Ever since the opening of the sorting de partment of the post-efface at Mount Plea unt there has been increased delay and a semi-dislocation of the post-office system. The Postmaster-General's annual report seems to offer a partial explanation of the dilatoriness which characterizes the work of that department. During the last year there h'ave been twelve deaths from brain disease, sir suicides, and twelve resigna tions of officials suffering from senile decay. MARRIAGE OF MISS CHAMBERLAIN*. 'Miss Ethel Chamberlain was married on Wednesday to Mr. Whitmore L:onel Rich ards, aabarrister, a son of an ex-Judge of the Mavo County Court. The Right Hon. Jo seph Chamberlain gave his daughter away. The 'Daily News' gives the following dt scripticn of the dresses:— 'The bride wore a handsome, dress of white crepe de chine, trimmed with chiffon and Venetian point lace, and decorated with orange blossoms; Court train of white satin, turned back with a bunch of orange blotwom*; tulle veil with a little tiara of orange blossoms; orange blos soms again mingling with the lilies of the valley in her bouquet. .-The bridesmaid* were tbe Misses Ida and Hilda Chamberlain (sifters), Miss Norah Beale (cousin), Miss M. G. Sichel, Miss Mabel Ryland (cousin), and Miss Vera Fisher. - The four first named were blue silk, the two latter pink silk, covered with white lace and crepe de chine sashes to match; hats of crinoline straw trimmed with chiffon and pink roses. Mrs. Chamberlain was present, attired i» pale grey embroidered crepe de chine vita a fichu of white chiffon and lace;- toque of grey tulle and Tuscan straw with pink and white roses. Misa Chamberlain wore pale green voile trimmed with white lace and narrow black velvet ribbon; hat of white Tuscan straw trimmed with black tulle and black ostrich feathers. Subsequently Mr. aud Mrs. Chamberlain received a large party of guests at Highbury. The costume in which the bride went away for the1 ho neymoon was of dark blue cloth with mauve tr.quc. Among the large number of pre sent* was a silver inkstand irom the Right Hon. A. J. and Miss Balfcur. A HAUNT OF DR. JOUSSO.N. i The Church of -St. Gement Danes, whi& stands in rhe middle of the Strand roal way, is for the present sacred to the lover K this haunt of Dr. Johnson. The London (.'cunty Council is widening, the roadwajy just here, but it has listened 'to' the plea of the antiquarians, and Wren's o&h; Church is to remain. The rusty iron rail ings by which it is guarded arc to come down, and the hones of long-forgotten -Lcn- doners which rest in the inid*t cC the mighty, everlasting roar of the city's traiiic are to be carried away' to Woking. A little plot ot green will be planted around the old Church— a tiny, ueaceful paradise f^roi. in the midst of ceaseless unrest The puce is always open from 10 till 3, and the way farer— if perchance he has not forgotten that repose is still to be found within, even as it was in the le*«er bustle of Johnson's day— may step in out of the relentless, hur rying world, and taste tne sweetness that steals over you as you gaze on Ir.e old pew°3 and the Gnnling Gibbons pulpit in the dim light that glints through the coloured glass. On a brass tablet fixed to the back of s pew you may read:— , In this pro- *nd beside this pillar, for map? rears., attended- Divine ienrice the celebraMd Doctor Samuel Johnson, tbe philosopher, the poet) the great lexicographer, the profound moralist, and chief vriler ot bis time. Born 1700. Died 1784. In remembrance and honour of noble faculties nohly employed, some in babiiuiM of the Parish of St. Clc- ? ment Danes have placed this slight memorial. A.D. 1SS1. ? As you look on this inscription vou recollect the humorous old Doctor's fondness for the Literary' Gub socials and' his Church- going rules, and wonder how often he has sat in that pew with a Sunday morning headache after a Saturday night at- the Cheshire Cheese. To demolish the old Church would be a sin and a shame. Our thank? to th? London jC'ounty Council for sparing it. But the fee which was charged for the privilege of seeing Dr. Johnson's pew struck the pre sent writer as rathsr extortionate. THE CHARMED LIVES OF CHILDREN*. On Monday evening as an express train dashed through the Burnham Beeches Sta tion, a child fell out of a carriage window on to the platform at the feet of two ladies who were waiting there. They told the fact to several persons, but their story was hardly credited, until the father of the child came breathless to the place. He 'had stopped the train as soon as possible, and humed back to the spot, expecting to find the remains of his offspring. The youngstor was only bruised. On Tuesday three chil dren were completely buried in the debris of an old house that was being demolished, and all were rescued alive. THE CONSUMPTION OF ICE All but a very small portion of -England's ?summer ice supply com--s from Norway. Last year, according to 'Cold Storage,' 5)13,14*2 tons was imported, at a cost of £317,190. This was sold at an average price of 12$. 6d. per ton— a marked1 decrease on the pric? ruling in 1SS4, when 18s. per ton was obtained, and a substantial increase. on lls.. the price in 189 -. Last month London took 34,450 out of the 68,305 tons imported. A BELGIAN CRAFTER. A Tk]gian gardener has succeeded in grafting a sugar maple on a lilac, a French bean on a- castor oil plant, and a cabbage on a tomato. An authority who was inter, viewed upon the matter owned to the news paper roan that he was not aware that such could b; accomplished; and it has alwavg been accepted as a fact that a plant would only gn8t with another of the same family as itself. Whether the experiment will be of any practical us? it is difficult to fay. But if bows will grow from a castor oil plant, why not grapes from thorns or fig* from thistles? The old theory that a tree is known by its fruits has long been capable of disproof. EVERY MAN'S OWN MARK. A most interesting work -s just published dealing with tbe ' classification and uses of finger prints.' The writer, Mr. E. R. Henry, C.S.I., states in his comparison of the Galton (finger-print) versus the Bertil lan (authro pometric) sytem of identifica tion, that Mr. Galton has 'proved that the details of the ridges constituting the pat terns of finger impressions persist through out the whole period representing .the fife of man, those found on the fingers of the uew-born infant being traceable on the fingers of the same person in old' age, and apparently effaceable only when after death decomposition sets in.*' The Galton system was pronounced by an Indian Com mission to be superior, and it is now almost universally adopted in India. Pensioners are required to furnish their 'marks' as a preventive to impersonation, and undesir able persons are barred from re-employment in the public service- by this means of de tection. The system ought to solve the diffi culty of identifying Chinese for poll tax purposes. MBS. MATBRICK. Eleven years of captivity have not had the effect of weakening Mrs. Maybrick's protes tations of innocence of her bte husband's murder. On Tuesday an American lawyer— Mr. Clark Bell-^paid the unfortunate wo man a visit, which lasted an hour and a half. He informed the Press that the pri soner' is in the gaol infirmary-, suffering from a 'gastric affection. She talked of the death of Lord Russell, and indignantly re pelled the suggestion that that great lawyer did not do his best in her defence because of his alleged doubt of her innocence. 'Why,' she' said, 'he visited me once when on circuit, and said, 'Mrs. Maybrick, if there is a man in England who believes you* guiltless of this charge, I am that man!' ' .She said Lord Russell did his very beet for her. --'Americans are still greatly, interested in her. case,' and it is said that' Mr. -Ambassador Chomte and his predeces sor, Mr. Hay, were both charged with an appeal from the American Government on her behalf. AN OPIUM-EATER. A clerk named Terence. Kelly .died in a Workhouse Infirmary .last Friday. . At the inquest the coroner read a letter written by deceased which included the following:— 'I have no doubt that the taking, of 5u f» 60 grains of opium daily for 15 years has had everything to do with my present state. To save trouble at tbe enquiry I may say that I have got so low at last that I have to commit suicide.' . . Some time since 1 tried half an ounce of -laudanum, tlien one ounce, then an eighth- of an ounce of qpium itself, then a quarter oi an ounce, and ai last three-eighths of an ounce of opium, but all without effect; and this time 1 intend to take half an ounce, or, siy, 220 grain'*, juui that ought to linuh me, whin six or eight grains are- considered enough to kill anv ordinary Christian. . . I can understand why Jjord Clivc, with all his .advantages of wealth and station, committed suicide after using the drug for years.' After des cribing the effect of opium on the system, the renntion of which Kelly say* 'is glori ous'/' the' letter states that 'durinc the 15 years 1 took it, or say from 30 to 40 years of age, I found the brain, as well a: the heart quickened in . action. Now my brain will -not receive any 'impression and' is quite soft, and I hive no more thinking faculty -than a boy of ten years, and have forgotten almost all I 'ever knew.'' In a po3t*crip Kelly stated tnat he wished news of his death' to be sent to 'Ma'. Terence Kelly, 139, North Delaty-rtreet, Pasadena, California. U.S.A. The Jury returned a verdict of 'Suicide by poison whilst of un sound wind.' PICTURES IX LITTLE DKMAXD. There is a great decrease in the sales of picture buttons, and a Court case arose this week out of a manufacturer's failure to dc liver an order in time. for the buyer to take advantage of the transient boom.- The de fendant declined to take the button? because be ???ajd they were not delivered within the time specified— viz., fourteen days from date of order. The Deputy-Judge' hoped there had been no depredation in general.'. It was true some of them hail come home; but he hoped they had not kcvcine unmer chantable.— Defendant's solicitor said thai before the fall of Pretoria the demand for war buttons was enormous. But now they could be bought like sweets, at ten a penny. (Laughter.) There might be another boom whin peace was proclaimed. The plaintiffs might take them back and substitute Chin ete generals. The Deputy-Judge hoped there would be a rise in English generals. The defendant had great cause of complaint in not getting the generals when he wanted them; but he did not return them quicklv enough: The plaintiffs must make a hand some allowance for the depreciation in gene rals which took place, and judgment would be given- for them for £30 instead of £40. The defendant must now make what he could of them. MENDACIOUS CHEEK. The following account of a Police Court case is as good as anything of its kind. A man who iwve the police the name of -Mr. Nobody of Nowhere wag charged with ob taining money by false pretences. The pri soner, whose real name was ascertained to be Titus Radcliffe, walked into the house of Mr. Hnlden Hey?, at Oswald twist lc (says the 'Daily News') and entered the drawing-room with a very familiar air, say ing to a friend of Mr. Hey*, who was play ing the piano^-'Go on, old lad, play up. I'm your cousin.' Taking up some photo graphs from the mantelpiece he claimed re lationship with the originals, shook hands, and spoke very warmly with different members of the household, and finally de clared himself to be a cousin from America, promising to break the secret of his name on the morrow. Believing his statement;, the family provided him with a number of article?, and entertained him in a most cor dial manner. He made himself thoroughly at home, and m the course of the evening sang several songs. Money was lent to the prironer, and altogether he had a right royal time. Before long, however, he was detected- to be an impostor, and the police took charge of him. There were two caws against him of imposing upon tradesmen by representing that he was a friend from South Africa. * TALKING TUROrCH HIS KECK. A nun charged with disorderly conduct told the Magistrate at West London that he was a ventriloquist, and asked permis sion to speak to his friend. 'Ain't it right what I am saying. Joey*'' asked the emu lator of Cockton's hero. Tbe answer, 'Yes,' apparently came from below the dork. Discharged. Moral to ventriloquists —Never get out of practice. THEIR DISCORDANT UF&. There are so many organ-grinders in North Wales that the Connctllors at Abex gele are seriously troubled about the mat ter. They sigh for the days when the grinders shall cease and the daughters of rauHc shall be brought low. They have de cided to put the police on the offenders, and so relieve tbe town. Tt is said that these pests begin at ft o'clock in the morn ing, and an endless procession continues throughout the day. Abergele is the centre of a cluster of popular towns. SUFTOCATED IX A VAT. Two men wrre cleaning out a vat 9 ft. deep at the Colonial Wharfs .it Wappinc Th«ir work was to swill out tbe vat with water. They c,ot in to do the job, whilst another man held a light. Presently the latter called out, and a fourth man ran to try and get the unfortunate fellows out, but nearly lost his own life. Both men were suffocated. THE ABGYM. ESTATES. The Marquis of Tx-rne, now ninth Duke of Argyll, is executor under his father, the late Duke's, will. Th?- estate is valued at £92,000, including £78,000 and £14,000 per sonalty in England and Scotland respec tively. \- . PRESENCE OF MM). . What might easily, have rented iif»- fata] vtampede r .vaa .- averted ..tt-, a, Blackpool theatre last Friday *«niag by- the qoblness andpreseoce ofr»in4 of i eoea-smger asm rt ESene 8trattpn,?AI|lp..ary of fire vis raised, nd. th* people. me m a' body. -A ru^.seesori -imne*^-* ja«t the* the pofoWr. *h^»:lmd^da4ccT .caDe* ion the orcfiesfcn^ tr pby «tt *?& ?* caae,^ and danced 'for all he was worth.' He followed the dance with a well-known nigger song, and before hi had finished the danger was over. . ' \ PRIZE FEET. - \ Some ladies in America, having pretty feet, have started 'Trilby parties.' The candidates for honours are hidden behind a screen, and their pedal extremities hang out for examination and comment— some- thing after the style of i-cople in the stocks. It i* reported than on Monday fourteen young ladies of the highest social circles .exposed their pink toes to the criti cal eyes «£ the curious. The prize-taker was awarded a pin mounted with a golden foot, aud containing a diamond at the ankle. MURDER OK A CniLD. On Friday evening a little girl of eight iras sent on .in erraud to a shop at Coin' brook, near Slough. She did not return'. On Monday 'a man noticed a child's shoe protruding, from under some heavy bales oi paper, and beneath them the dead body of the child was .found. She had been stning' ed irith cords, and her head was apparent1)* smashed with some blunt instrument. The police are hunting for' the murderer.. ' FRENCH TEW-ERASCE 'REFORM. ' ' The Temperance- Party -In France ia wak ing up to vigorous action. The streets arc now placarded with warnings to the way farer, and quotation* from eminent men, on the insidious poison lurking in the cup. Specimens':— 'Alcohol nowadays ix responsible (or more rtn 505 than prctilnicc, famine. -or war.— Gladstone.' 'Alcohol is no more a digestive than an anpe t'nrr. 'In what shape it presents itself it Is a poison.— Kram-bquc Sircey.' 'Do you know what that man is (Irinkin; from the cU*. which nhakn in hi* trembling hand* Me it drinking the trara and the Mood and tbe life ot lib. wife and children.— Lamen- nais.' 'Alcohol cives neither health nor strrnjrth nor warmth nor happiness. It docs notbinR but harm. — Tolstoi.' FRENCH BRIDGES. On Saturday a wcond bridge collapsed at the Paris Exhibition. Two persons were killed outright and thirty-nine injured. Two of these have since died. A LONDON' CHOST. A good deal of notice has this week been given in the newspapers to an alleged ghost which is reported to haunt a house in Edith Villa*, West Kensington. The curiosity of a large number of people has been ex cited, and many are nightly on the watch for the phenomenon. A fee of a shilling is charged to those who care to enter the haunted house; proceeds to go to the Widows' and Orphans' Funds. ? HEAT A-'D SUICIDES. During the hot weather at the end of last week the suicidal mania again broke out in London. No fewer than sixty-two persons ?WJ10 had attempted their own lives were under treatment in the London- hospitals at one time. '''Where is your 'big gun ?' ' asked the powdered matron who had come late to the military ball. 'He went away a little while ago in a disappearing carriage,*' explained the master of the ceremonies. , 'Your wife is a finished musician, I un derstand.' 'You bet. Why, she hain't even had time to look at the piano sine* the baby came!' 