Frost Prevention. TiiE following circular has been issued by the manager of the C.S.R. Co.'s Chil- . ders Mill (Mr. R. Helms) to canegrow ers in this district. It treats with the utilisation of smoke as a preventative o£ frost, an idea which was broached some time since by us in these columns, on noticing by a northern exchange that such had been tried with beneficial re sults on the Proserpine. When it is re membered . how serious have been the losses from frost in the Isis during this and previous years, so economical ft means of securing comparative immun ity in the future will, we have little doubt, readily commend itself to cane growers. We, therefore, trust to hear of the suggestion offered by Mr. Helms being largely adopted, and will await with interest the result of the experi ment. The circular reads as follows : — ' The losses sustained year by year by the farmers in the Isis district, through damage to their crops by frost, are suffi ciently severe to justify us in bringing under their notice a method successfully adopted in other countries for prevent ing such damage, and which should bo particularly applicable to that district. The method referred to is the lighting, on frosty evenings, of smoke fires, so placed that a veil of smoke will spread arid' remain through the night over' the arei} to; be protected from frost. , The materials' used, as a rule, are damp, half rotten leaves or rubbish of any kind which will smoulder all night and pro duce a thick smoke that will not readily be dissipated. It is a well-known fact that frost rarely occurs on a' cloudy night, the reason for this being that the clouds prevent the radiation of heat from the .earth's surface, and tho object of the smoke fires is to produce artificial clouds of smoke which will serve the same purpose. -In the Isis the damage is usually done by three or four nights' frost, so that its prevention should be a more simple matter than in the other countries referred to. Moreovor, it is confined to the gullies and lower hill sides, and these can be much more easily protected than flat country, as the smoke will settle down in the hollows and re main undisturbed through the night, there being seldom any wind when frost occurs. Materials are at h&nd; in the shape of trash, which at a trifling costs could, during the crushing season, be collected into heaps on the headlands or farm roads, where thero would be no dangor of fire, and left to rot during the H wet season. If each farmer who suffers from frost were to provide himself with such heaps, and to light one or two on specially cold nights ' when frost -was likely to occur — which can generally be judged by the temperature at 8 or 9 o'clock in the evening — the whole of the valleys might be filled with smoke and the danger to the crops averted. The fires should be kept smouldering and smoking all night. This is a matter in which combined [atcion on the part of the farmers is desirable, but outlying iu- m dividual, farmers should not be deterred I from giving it a thorough trial, as it cah_ I be. done pra'ctically without expense, ? and may be the means of saving the ' crop.'— Isis Recorder. H It is stated that the Mayor of Inverell H was horsewhipped in the street recently H by a lady resident. H At the Casino police court, Alexander H Dallas, ' the poor man's doctor,' was H charged with, selling an indecent book. H Accused said he wus a paid servant for 9 Fitzgerald, the author of the book, and H was not aware of its contents being an I , infringement of the law. He pleaded- 9 guilty. The Police Magistrate said al- gj though accused pleaded guilty, there was M nothing to show that the book was an In indecent publication. To enable him to read the book he would adjourn the ' 9 case for a fortnight, B| Why doesn't the N.S.W. Minister for. Offence, who is so fond of public spouts ing get a ghost to provide him with . something reasonably attractice to say 1 The platitudinous stodgery of Sir John See (that is to be) is as pitable as it is intolerable. When did Mr. John See ever say, in all his political and public life, anything that was not well worth forgetting inside 2secs 1 — bulletin. The Month's Mind for the late Rev. Abbe Schurr was celebrated at Casino last week, a largo congregation being present. The Rev. Father O'Brien was the celebrant, Father ' Walsh (Maclean) deacon, Father Dalton (Murwillumbah), sub-deacon, and Father Keatinge (Lis more) M.O. The Rev. Father Faga'n (Coraki), assisted in the choir. The B Rev. Father Keatinge preached a pane gyric on the life of tho late Abbe Schurr, and reviewed his whole career. Apolo gies for absence were received from Revs. Father Ryan, Ballina ; Father Reade, Palmer's Island ; Father M'Cnmbridge, K.empsey ; Father Corcoran, South Grafton ; ancf Father J. H. Doyle, Bellinger River. — Express. The late Hoskins, M.L.C., Sydney, who died 1st April last, had much more wealth than people gave him credit for. By will, executed in '92, he disposed of about £18,000, consisting of mortgages and scrip. This, save a few small be- 9 quests, he left to his son, born in Chel- B tenham, _Eng., in '48. The son, it is ? understood, never left England, and the I father, who always passed as a baciie'or ? during his long residence in N.S.W., H does not seem to have had any com- I munication -with him. The executors R are directed to make every search for H Hoskins the younger, or his heirs, and B failing the success of the search the I estate is to go to Mr. Henry Clarke, E M.L.A. I 