A- GREAT TEMPTATION. CHAPTER. XXXVI Three months passed, and the engagement between the heiress of Crown Leighton and Captain Paul Flemyng was made known. People had but one opinion. As far as Lady Charnleigh was concerned, it was of course a very poor match, for she might have mated with the highest and wealthiest in the land; but looking at it from a fair point of view, it was oxactly right. It must have been a keen disappointment to Captain Flemyng-so nearly heir, and yet not heir after all; now Crown Leighton would be his by marriage, that was next best to inheriting it Many people said, too, that he would be autoe to have the title as well; letters patent would be talken out, and he would be Lord Charn leigh after all. Public opinion said it was a proper ending to what had been a most romantic case. Captain Flemyng was the only one who could hardly believe his happiness to be real -it seemed to him so great, it could scarcely be true. It was not for her wealth that he loved Lady Charnleigh. If she had been penniless, he would have married her, and worked for her as man never worked before; h'e would have been better pleased if she had been poor, that he might have shown the strength and purity of his love. The only drawback to him was that wealth must come to him from the hands of his wife. He would fain have had it otherwise. He had pleaded with her for an early mar riage, but she had looklted up at him with wearied eyes, and prayed him to let that Squestion rest-not to mention marriage yet; she was.happy and did not want to change her life so quicklly. His handsome face cloud ed over so slightly; he seized her hand and held it tightly. ' Leonie,' he cried, 'do you know there are times when I almost doubt whether you love me 1I look forward tomy marriage with you as the crowning happiness of my life- you think of it merely as an uncomfortable change; that does not look like love, Leonie.' Any reproach from Paul touched her keen ly. Had she not already done him harm enough I Had she not wronged him more deeply than woman ever wrongedmanbefore? She was not given to caressing, but, when she saw that wounded look on his face, she bent her head and kissed his hand. 'Do not doubt me, Paul,' she whispered, 'My life is so novel to me. Let me enjoy it undisturbed for some time longer. One bright morning in September, Leonie stood at the library window alone. The lilies were dead, the roses faded, and in their places great sunflowers turned their bright faces up ward, arid tall dahlias reared their head with handsome flowers. The leaves were falling from the trees; they lay, crimson, brown, and gold, on the ground; the wind swept them along, and then moaned over them. The fair face looking wistfislly from the window at the falling leaves had changed most remarkably. It was not less beautiful; bit the brightness and radiance were gone there was a wrorn look that did not belong to youth-the eyes were bright, but there was somewhat of fever in their brightness-there was a flush on the beautiful face, but it told more of unrest than of health-there was a tremulous movement about the white jeweled hands, a sudden quivering of the lips, both tokens of a nsind ill at case. No one saw Lady Charnleigh without re ?'?narking the change. Miss Templeton had I been from Kew to spendthosummervacation, Ss she told the parents of her pupils, with 'urntess Charnleigh, of Crown Leighton, when she had seen Leonio she had cried 4s wonder .lis gay life does not suit you, Lady .arnleigh; you are so changed. You look as .hough you had had long years of incessant SaietyJ-you want rest.' . ' Rest !' the giil had re-echoed mournfully. ' There is no rest in this world.' And after Miss Temploton had been there for a few days, and had noticed, to her dis may, the fever of unrest in which the girl lived, her surprise had become greater still. 'You cannot sleep in the darkc,' she had said, one day,.after overhearing a conversa tion between Leonio and her maid; 'you do not like tlhe twilight; you cannot endure be ing left aloine; you crave for continual ex citement as children do for food. My dear Lady Charnleiglh, you give me the impression that you are at war with yourself.' How the words had taunted her. How they taunted hortstill ! They described her state of minld ts no other words could have done. It was not a tempest, not a struggle, but a continlual warfare--and the warfare was self against self. There was hardly a single moment, night or day, during which her better, nob!er, higher self was not crying out in rebellion against the deed she had done. There was hardly a single moment in which heart or soul was free from that war She was swayed by impulse as were the leaves by the wind. She would rise one morning determined to write to Paul Flemyng, and tell him all-determined to undo her great wrong-to give up the wealth she was so unjustly keeping from him-to be lhonest, loyal, and true. The resolution would last until she went down \- stairs and sv the magnificence that'sur rounded her. 'I cannot give it uip,' the unhappy girl Would say; "it is the best part of my life. I could not endure poverty after this.' She had made herself believe.that in a short time she should forget all that was un pleasant, and enjoy her wealth as she had been \u'ont to do. She had believed herself capable of growing hardened in her sill; but tihe conscience she had done her best to trample under foot seemed to. grow more vigorous in its opposition day by day. I amn at war with myself,' she said, 'and peace will come to me never more. 'Was the prize worth the sin 1 Too late! It is too late Inow, I cannot change what I have done. I must take my life as it comes, and make the best of it.' So through the autumn and winter she did her best to drown all regrets. Even Lady Fanshaive, who enjoyed gayety as much as any one, was almost astounded. There was no cessation to her young relative's dissipa tion; balls, fetes, charade parties, dinner parties, archery meetings, croquet parties, picnics, every variety of amusement that it was possible to imagine, followed each other in rapid succession. No day passed without some kind of entertainment. Leonio seemed to dread only one thing, and that was time for leisure and thought. Lady Fanshawo and Miss Dacre had grown tired of askling eachl other what had come over her. Ethel thought she lhad been de ceived in her first estimate of hlier character. She seemed to live only to kill time, and niot to turn it to profit. Even those who shared her hospitality began to talk of her, and say tlhat it was sad to see one so young giving up heart and soul to the pursuit of pleasure. Paul Flemynig was the only one who saw no faults in her; hlie made all allowances. It wasbut natural, he said to himself, that, on suddenly finuding herself possessed of al most unbounded wealth, she should want to enjoy it in her own way. Spring camne rouid again, and it was. de cided that Lady Chal nleighl, Ethl, and Luady Fanshawo should go early to London. The Duchess of Warminstcr had invited Leonie to spend some time.with her, in her beau tiful villa near the Thames, and she had joyfully accepted the invitation. 'The ghost that haunts me at Crown Leighton will stay there,' she said to her self,' and I shall be happy again.' CHIAPTER XXXVII. PEOP'LE in London made the same remarks ablout Lady Charnleigh as her neighbours in the country had made. Gayety and pleasure were delightful; but it was possible to have too much of both, and the young countess vent quite to the extreme. Did she over sleep ? Her days and nights seemed to be one long round of gayety; she danced, sang, acted niost gloriously in private theatricals and dharades--she did everything except refleet. The season was half over when theDuch ess of Warminster insisted upon Lady Charnleigh's paying her promised visit. ' I saw you at the operpe last night,' said her grace, ' and, although you talked and laughed so gayly, I thought you looked very tired, and not at all well. They tell me you lead the gayest of lives in London-a week at the villa will do you good. Life is iot so hurried there.' ' It is not quiet, I hope,' returned Leonie, quickly; ' there is nothing I dislike so much.' ' My dear Lady Charnleigh, forgive me remember I am old enough to be your mother-but I would not counsel you to speak often in that fashion; you mean no harm, but such words do not sound well. No, we are not quiet-that is, there is a large party always_staying with us, and each one amuses him or herself accordinglto taste or faney. I have never yet seen any one looking dull.' 'Lddy Charnleigh went, leaving Lady Fan shawo and Miss D)acre, who had declined a like invitation, in the London mansion alone. Leonie found life at the Duchess' -villa gay enough and pleasant enough; no one ever interfered with visitors there-each one did as he or she liked; and one Sunday morn ing, when Lconie awoke, thle world around looked so fair and bright that she de cided upon a ramble through the woods. As a rule, she hated and dreaded solitude, but today heart and soul desired it. She said to herself that she would go out away from the world of men and woman to where the green boughs waved in the wind and theebirds sang of peace and of love. As she stood watching the tranquilloveli ness, the bells began to chime. Never while life lasted did she forget the solemn beauty of that hour. The birds were singing around her, the bees hovered over the rich elover, the bright-winged butterflies sought the wild roses, the sweet western wind came laden with the rich odor of hawthorn, and above all was heard the sweet chiming of the Sab bath bells. It was all so fair, so calm, so sweet, so likle a glimpse of the far offheaven, that the girl stood still, and felt the solemn beautiful calm stealing over her. How long was it since she had knelt at her mother's knee and learned her simpleprayers? Exalted in rank, how long was it since she had risen in the morning and said one word of prayer-since she had offered one word of thanks to Heaven ore she had retired to rest ? How long was it since she had ceased to re ad the grand old Bible stories 1 She had done nothing right, nothling good, since she had tortured her soul for riches and her love for luxury i They were going into church now, gray haired men and little children; the sweet siun ple faith of her childhood seemed to come back to heras she watched them-the time recurred when she had believed with a child's faith that if she was good she would go to heaven. WVas there any heaven for her, her hands laden with thefts, her soul stained with dis honor, with fraud, with untruth ? She hald hardly looked at the religious side of the question before; but now that it was brought before her she stood as it werre face to face with her own soul, with its dark stain of crime, and she turned, shuddering from it. Il the whirl of dissipation she had kept such thoughts at bay; in this s'eet solemn time, when the Sabbath bells were chiming, she could not evade them. The conscience she had so long deadened cried loudly at last. Leonie drew her veil tightly over her face and entered the church; it was not likely, she thought to herself, that any one there would recognize her-she was only a visitor, and miglht never see the place again. After mnorning prayers the congregation sang a sweet old hymn, and then a white-haired minister stood up to preach He wasnot elo quent-he was no grand orator--but his lips had been touched by divine fire. He spoke from the depths of his heart, and his words touched the hear s of others. He spoke on a common theme; he told his simple hearers that no one who persisted in sin could ever go to heaven. Such plain, earnest words, so true, so strong, no one who hIeard could ever forget. Loong before he had finished, the fair, stately head was bent, and tears flowed like rain from the wearied eyes. No hope, no heaven ? Was an earthly crownr tobe weighed in the balance with adi eternal one ? What mattered it that a diadem should shine on her brow hero if her face was never to be seeh amongst the angels in heaven 1 Could it be possible that the punishment of her sin would be so terrible, so great I She did not fear punishment in this world. Here she could keep her ill-gotten goods, here she could enjoy the wealth for whlichl she had given so nichl; but thie justice of that other world was inexorab!o. She wept, and the teaers of pain caused by an awakened con science we-ro as the cooling dew to thirsty flowers. Suddenly she raised hler hrad, and saw that most of the people had left the church, and the white-haired ministerstood in the vestry alone. impulsive as she had over been,Leonie rose and went to'him. As one in a dream she saw the little square room with the branches of a laburnum tree waving against the win dow. She turned to the minister neither then nor afterward'did she learn his name. 'You are an honest, truthful, earnest man,' she said, 'and I want to ask youI about a soul that is in trouble--will you answer me 1' 'To the best of my power,' he replied. ' Thus it was-where it haplpened matters not,' sheb began. 'Some time since there were two claimants for a large property-one a man, the other a girl. The girl, by the chief judges iri the lecd, was pronounced next of Iicn, and as such succeeded to the inheritance. When she hlad enjoyed it long enough to appreciate its value, she "found a will, by which the late owner left alltothoman. W\hat was she bound to do I' ' Give up the inheritance to him most cer tainly,' replied the minister. ' But she could not--she could not go back to poverty and privation--she could nlot give utp the wealtl and luxury She kept the will, and determined to marry the man whom she lend defrauded-did not that meet the diffi culties of the case I' she continued, eagerly. 'rWas not that restitution sufficient ? She would give hlim allin that way. Speak to me -tell me, was not that enough I' 'No,' hle said, 'that was not enough- either to saltisfy the law of man or the law, of ieaven.' She clasped her hlands with passionate eagerness and drew nearer. 'But do you not see that by marrying him she gives him the property just as though she put the will into his hands I' 'No,' he objected, 'it would be but left handed justice after all-not pure and per feet The sin of theftand fraud-ofinjustice and dishonor-would still be upon that girl's soul.' ' Would there be hope of H avon for such a soul 1' she asked. ' I cannot-I dare not say; I should not like to die with the same stain upon my conscience.' 'You are a good man,' she said, turning away; 'pray for a soul in pain.' Before he could answer her she was gone; but all day and all night those words rang in his ears-' pray for a soulin pain.' CHAP'TER XXXVIII. Leonie, called Countess Charnleigh, went home that Sunday morning, after her conver sation with the country minister, a changed being. The sunlight lay broad on the hills, the birds seemed to understanid that it was the one day of rest, and to sing their sweetest songs in its honor. She felt utterly reckless -utterly careless. 'No heaven'-with the golden sunshine ly ing around her, and the fragrance, the warmth of the summer Sabbath making earth all beautiful. She repeated the words to herself \--'No heaven'--and they fell like a funeral knell on her heart. 'No heaven'-what did it mean 1 Was the far off land, the heaven of her childish drcams, to be closed forever ? There was to be no such heaven for her, be cause she had unjustly and unlawfully taken possession of her neighbor's inheritance-be cause she-had been guilty of crime, of which she would not repent. She groaned aloud as she came in sight of the pretty villa where the duchess held high court. 'Is it such a bad exchange 1 she asked her self. 'Ihave given my peace of mind my quietness of conscience, my lightness of heart my true, deep love. and heaven, for a title and wealth-to be called Lady Charnleigh, and to live at Crown Leighton. My life will be short and brilliant. People will talk of ma after I am dead-they will say at least that I held .my own with grace and dignity. Whore shall I be when they are talking so l Shall I be paying the price of my sin 1' Nobler thoughts struggled for supremacy but she would not hear them. 'A short life and a merry one,' she said to herself. ' I will enjoy lifo while I can.' People thought her changed before, but she was doubly changednow; what had been brilliancy became recklessness. She was never for one moment without excitement of some kind or other ;as for leisure, tran quility, quiet, they were pursuits she de tested. SAre you ever at rest, Lady Charnleigh I' asked Captain Armitage one day. ' I thought I turned every moment of my life to some pleasant profit, but you far exceed me.' ' No,' she answered, 'I like to live my-life all at once asit were. I liked to crowd as much pleasure as is possible into every moment;' and then in an undertone she added, ' I am at war with myself.' She was indeed at war with her brightest, best, and noblest self. She was by nature good and true-generous even to a fault. Lovs of riches, ambition, and vanity had crept in and had brought with them deadly sin. On the day she was leaving the villa the duchess said'to her ' I had lhoped, Lady Clharnloigh, that you would have a little rest hero. I am sorry to say that you look worse than you did when you came. I do not think. you have had one hour's quiet.' She raised her lovely face to the kindly one bent over her. 'If-I were to be quiet I should soon die. Excitement- is to me more than the air I breathe or the food I eat-itkeeps me alive.' Do you know, that is the saddest confession I ever heard from a young,girl's lips I Your case should be different, Lady Charnleigh. I can understand people almoso without soul -peoplo weighed down by remorse-leading such a life, but a girl so young as you pardon me, my dear--ought not to require excitement to make life endurable-it ought to be pleasant enough without it.' 'But I do not find it so,' returned Leonie. 'I should like to ask you one question: if you require this perpetual, never ending whirl.of gayety now, what shall you do when you are old I' 'I shall neveri live to be old,' she answered carelessly. 'I am living all my life at once. I have no wish to live to be old.' And not caring to hear any more she went away with a. smile on her face that hid surely the heaviest heart that ever beat. The duchess looked after her. 'There is something wrong about that girl,' she said. ' What can itba. Is she disappointed in anything ? Have her love aflfairs all gone wrong, I wonder What can it be 1 I must find out.' This spirit of unrest had taken full pos session of Lady Charnleih. In vain the duchess tried to talk to her-to find two minutes for sensible conversation-Leonie was more like a butterfly on the wing than anything else. She never seemed to be in the same mood or the same place for ten minutes at time. She left the villa, and the friends who had been kind to her felt anxious about her. Once again in town, Leonie flung herself heart and soul into the gayeties of the season; she went almost' everywhere-she refused no invitations; and, if by chance a day came when sho was free from engage ments, she filled her own house with visitors. People wondered at the change that had come over her beauty; she was not one whit less lovely, but a worn look had come over her radiant face, the smile that rippled over the beautiful lips was hard and cold, the thirst, the constant craving that filled her completely altered the expression rn her face. It struck Paul F!oemyng suddenly one day when he was talking to her. Once upon a time she had been full of sweet fancies, of bright, tender, beautiful thoughts. She never expressed such niow, but in their place come a cold, cynical sarcasm, all unsuited to those fresh young lips. She had just given utterance to one of her bitter reflections when Captain Flemyng looked up at her suddenly, SLeonio,' he said, 'how changed you are I' She had heard the same thing so often that it struck her she would ask in what the change consisted. 'Tell me,' she said, 'how I am changed, Paul. Am I older grown, orwhat ? Every one teolls me the same thing, and I want to understand It.' 'Your face is changed, to begin with. Nay, do not fiiisunderstand me, it is as beau tiful as oever, perhaps more beautiful, but now one never sees it in repose. You used to be very earnest, but more gentle, mors given to tender and graceful womanly ways ; you-have grown colder, harder, more cynical.' ' Is that all ' she asked. 'No, not quite. You give every one the idea that some secret trouble, some hidden sorrow, is eating your life away.' SShe lookedl at the noble, handsome man, lwhoni sheo had so cruelly defrauded. 'Surely you do not believe in such non seonso ' she said. ' What secdret, what sor row should I have I What sentimental nonsonse for you to talk, Paul,' ' Is it nonsense ' lhe asked sadly. 'Thlere are times when Ifeel very unhappy about y0ou, Leonioa' 'Then you are not so sensible as I imaginedyou to be,' she laughed. ' What a droll idea, to be unhappy over one so young and so free from care as I am I Do not waste any more sympathy on me, Paul; you will find ample opportunities as you pass through lifo for sympathizing with others far more deserving.' 'You have grown cynical and sarcastic,' he continued; 'you have lost what, after all, is the greatest charm a woman canhave -trust and faith.' ' I believe in you,' she opposed; ' surely that should content you, Paul 1' 'It does not,' he said gently. 'I would fain see your old, bright, sunny, trusting nature back again; you are brilliant and polished like a diamond, but you are also just as cold and hard. Do you not know, Leonio, that it is better to believe too much than not enough ' ' Who says I do not believe enough I' she asked, impatientlj. 'What nonsense you are talking to me, Paul I What makes you say such things ' My darling Leonis, while you were talking to Lord Falcon last evening, I an alysed what you said, and I was startled. Do you know what cynical worldly maxims those beautiful lips of yours put forth; what cold, i cartlcss sentiments you uttered; what worldly ideas came in place of the bright, sweet fancies that used to distinguish you ' ' I am worldly,' she confessed, with a care les smile; '-you know I am worldly. Paul -you knew it when you began to like me.' 'I am loath to believe it, my idea of woman is so grand, Leonie-so pure, so un worldly.' She turned away, saying to herself, with a bitter sigh 'I am at war with myself !' CHAPTER XXXIX. 'Possession is nine points of thelaw,' said Leonie, with a hard, half-bitter laugh. 'Possession is nothing of the kind,' contin ued Captain Flemyng ' at least it shouldnot be. Honor should stand before everything, Leonio.' In the drawing- room of Lady Charnleigh's magnificent town mansion there was being discussed a celebrated lawsuit that was at tracting the attention of all England. It was a bright, sunny afternoon,:and Leonie, whose perfect artistic taste reigned paramount, had half drawn the rose-colored blind, so that the room was full of mellow, half roseate, half golden light; the fragrance of costly flowers floated on the soft breeze that blew in softly from the open windows. Several visitors were there-Captain Flemyng, Lord Seaton, Lady Westgrave, and Miss Dacre-who was stillre maining with Lady Charnleigh; Lady Fan shawe was also present. Some desultory con versation had taklen place, when Lord Seaton asked if they had read the day's evidence on the Pytchlcy trial. ' What is the trial about ' aslked Leonie. 'I have not read any of it.' They told her that it was the appeal of an elder brother for the recovery of title and estate from a younger one, who was in full enjoyment of them. ,It is hard, 1 must acknowledge,' said Lord Seaton. 'The elder was supposed to have died fourteen years ago.and now he returns to claim his possessions. The younger one be lieving himself to be the true heir, married and has lived as the master of the estate. He has children growing around him, and it seems to me hard that he should be suddenly deprived of all heias, and turned adrift in the world.' . an L.v 'It is hard,' assented Lady Westgravo. And then Leonie put in 'Possession is nine points of the law.' 'No amount of possession can give an honorable claim to that vwhich belongs to another,' said Paul Flcmyng, again contra dicting Lady Charnleigh's dictum. ' I think the younger brother did wrong to allow the matter to come to trial at all! Ho must have felt sure of the older one's identity.' ' Still, it could notbe easy to give up every thing in the world,' objected Leonie. 'It would not be easy to one who is con scientious to keep anything belonging to an other,' said Miss Dacre. 'You are right, Ethel,' corroborated Paul Flomyng. 'There are different kinds of dis honesty, sometimes it passes under very grand names, but, rely on it, the man who keeps an estate from another towhomitjustly belongs is quite as much a thief as the man who slips his hand into your pocket and steals your purse.' 'A thief !' oried Lady Charnleigh, her beau tiful face growing ghastly in its pallor-' a thief, Paul 1' ' Yes,' he replied, looking at her in as tonishment, 'most certainly-a thief neither more nor less.' 'It is a very ugly word,' she said, the pallor giving way to a deep flush. 'The deed is still more ugly,' he returned. SI have often wished that fraud, embezzle ment, and all such things were simply called theft. I have often wished, that too, men who fail in business dishonestly, and bring untold distress on hundreds of their follow creatures, wvere also called thieves. There is nothing like plain speaking.' 'Thieving is such a contemptible crime,' said Miss Dacro; 'I think it is the meanest of all vices.' 'It shocks people of refinement the most,' observed Paul Flemying. 'Now, Leonio, shall I look at the photograph we were speaking of ?' But she drew back as if his words had stabbed her; she shrank from him. 'Never mind iabout it now,' she answered; 'I can show it to you another time.' ' What a variable child you are,' said Paul, with a smile and a sigh. A few minutes since and all she cared for was that he should see the photograph, and give his opinion on it. Then she waslaugh ing, eager, and animated-now she drew back, pale, grave, and evidently anxious to escape from them all. ' What can have caused the change I' Paul Flemying asked himself-he did not in any way connect the subject of their conversation with her difference of mood. Lady Westgrave suddenly bethought her self how pale and tired the young countess was looking, and rose to take leave. 'Of course we shall see you at Gower House this evening, Lady Charnleigh 1 The ball will be a brilliant one.' 'Yes,. I shall be there,' replied Lady Charnloigh. Lady Westgravo, who was herself one of the happiest of young wives, looked at the lovely wearied face, 'You are not so accustomed to late hours and London lifo as we who have borne the heat and burden of many summers,' she remarked. 'Take my advice, and rest before you go out again; you look very tired.' 'Iam not tired,' saidl Leonis, her face flushing with impatience. 'People seem to have but one idea about me, and that is that I roquire rest.' 'You give one that impression,' observed Lady Westgrave, kindly. And when she had gone Leonio turned away abruptly. TO BE CONTINUED. 