DRIFTING-. By the Rev. E. Ernest Coleman, Of Cheisea-streeit Baptist Church, .Notting ham. Preached m. the Queen s-square union, | Church, Brighton, on Sunday' morning, October 28. . Therefore we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things that were heard, lest haply wc drift away from them.—Hebrews ii. 1 (R.V.). The force of this text depends, to a large degree, upon the reading in the Bevised Version, which calls up the picture of a drifting vessel, and applies it to certain perils to the religious life. The dangers to human souls are not unlike those which threaten vessels in. their sailing—they may be overtaken by sudden disaster, when the heavenB sure bright, the sea calm, and every thing promises a prosperous voyage; or, on the other hand, they may silently drift away from their moorings, and be carried to destruction, lulled by gentle breezes, and with the wavelets playing sportfully about them. There are some who are overmas tered by the might of a sudden temptation which takes away their breath and leaves them at the mercy of a mesmeric spell; their will is bound, as though by strong cords, so that they only dare to do what their evil genius prompts. They are over taken, surprised, struck as by light ning from, a summer sky; ■ and almost before they • know it mischief is done which years of effort and of tears cannot repair. The more serious danger, 'however, is the more common one, that of slow and stealthily drifting, gradual as 'the approach of evening shades. Because the stream is smooth, the current geh'tle, and no peril-seems (to loom, we lose the oar, or let go the rudder, and _ lie languidly in the boat to dream, While wind and tide carry us Whither they will. We awake to find ourselves "all, all alone; alone on a wide, wide sea," without knowledge or skill how to steer the bark, and not know ing whither to kteer it, if we could.- It ought to awaken anxiety, if it does not awake alarm, when a man beholds 'tihe ob jects dear to 'him in youth as landmarks growing dim and gradually disappearing in the distance, while the dhannel widens, and an unknown sea, with unknown perils, is before him. Unless we know that -we are anchored, with an anchor sure and stead fast, in ground where no 'treachery lurks, it is never safe to lose command or to cease from earnest watchfulness. Alas! how many are there Who awake, in panic and confusion, when it is too late, to dangers that might have been foreseen and avoided. But Iangour, indifference, dreamy repose, like downy narcotics toaken from the wing of night, have fallen npan the soul, and it 'has drifted to he rocks,' lulled by soft and slum brous music. -When thongs once held sacred become common; When duties once held imperative become matters of expe diency; when Divine truth becomes merely the material of academic discourse or de bate, a bauble for logicians to play with, or for rhetorical jugglers to toss from hand to hand; When truth is so divorced from life that it ceases to be a matter of con cern what a man believes, or .Whether ne believes anything in any valid sense, of the word—when we go without a skiver or a blush into undertakings that once would have been out of court—it is well, at least, to ask whether we have not been driven out of our course, or have hot drifted from safe anchorage. I wish to speak of this danger of drifting, specially in regard to two crises or life—the two 'being really one. (1) In the transition from the beliefs of childhood to the faith, of mature manhood; (2) in passing from the rule of law to the life of liberty. BETWEEN CREDULITY AND SCEPTICISM. In the transition from the beliefs' of childhood to the maturer faith of manhood. It is here that many make shipwreck, "in the place where two seas meet." In early life we - believe on authority—authority of the kind of Mr. Balfour maintains to be the substance of even our more matured relb gious thinking. We accept the, word of parent or teacher with more absolute and implicit trust than "in. after years -we accept the dogma that is hurled at us with all the thunders of Papal infallibility. TJhquestion ing belief is the naitural attitude of the child. And it is right that it should be so. A child in .whom scepticism and suspicion, are found ®a nothing short of a freak of nature, a monster for curios study in mor bid psychology. It -is better for the child —so long as he is a child—to beheve and swallow amything and everything (silly nurses' stories of ghosts and bogies in cluded) than that he should cultivate the habit of too cautious and suspicious ques tioning. Because the time comes when he goes up to the ghost and challenges it, and knows it for a ghost, and laughs at himself for ever having 'been frightened by it. There comes to all healthy mmds the period of reverent scepticism, when . old beliefs aro examined in the light of ma turer years, and are sifted through the sieve experience; so that the man may be-able to say to hie teachers, lute toe Samaritans in the Gospel, "how we be hove, not because of toy saying, far we have heard Him ourselves, and know that this is indeed toe Ghrist." It is inevitable thai in a- greater or la U degree this experience of toe rifting of beliefs should come; that our childish, ideas'on religion should undergo change, being stripped' of much, and, perhaps, having imicJi added to tfchfrm. It would be a poor compliment to pay either to ourselves or oar religion, to profess to hold toe truth precisely as we did in childhood, when -we thought, spoke, and understood as toe child; and that while we have hod many dhildMi things to put away, none of our religious notions are among toem. These .dhildidh thoughts ™ rpfifn'on have 'been compared to toe blossoms ox spring, that will be shed and scattered "to line -winds, Sovely as they are, before the ripen frig fruit can appear. And the ripest fruits of the religions life can only come where—by a scepticism thalt is not cold and wintry, bat gentle, kindly, ay! and natural, as the breath, of spring— trie' temporary 'and unessential elements have been 'tenderly removed. But it is also true that where sprays and. blossoms are roughly, rudely, recklessly torn down by impious hands, as though they were nothing worth, in the harvest season men dhall seek for fruit and find none. Much has to be riied; but trie temper which can fling away an old belief lightly and Jauntily as a caStofi' garment of which the wearer is heartily tired, is bopeiksriy trivial. Stall more so is trie temper which can scoff or make cheap fun at any real failth held by others, dear to them "as sacramental wine to dying lips." On the one hand, it is idle to repeat the words of an did formula from which all trie life and meaning have gone, as a substitute for the living utterance of faith; on the other hand, let us beware of letting go too eesrly anything that may have the breath of heaven within it. It is hard to say which is the more odious—the indolence and hypocrisy that merely pretend to believe by the recitation of creeds that might as well be written in an unknown tongue; or the levity 'that vaunts its dis belief, and has the effrontery to look; with scorn, instead of with envy, upon those who still count some things pre cious. Any faith, which has rife in it; any faith, that fa, which can help men to live, making saints holy and heroes strong — aiiy belief which can guide men in duty, comfort them in sorrow and loss, and be their fajpe 'in death— any such. faith, however mixed with superstition, is to be touched with rever ent hands. And if we find ourselves driven from an old shelter in which-time has made its rents, let us at least leave it as one would leave an old home, with gratitude and regret. It is one of the most touching things in the life of Oariyle that, hard as seems 'his outer crust and bitter as his cynicism often is, he could never bring himself to speak with anything but reverence of the form of faith under which Iris father had become a man of granite and his mother the woman: most worthy of admiration of all that he had ever known. How, when Cariyle himself had moved far away from the creeds of his fathers, he never forgot that the roots of his life were struck deep in its soil; and how he labored, almost agonised, to persuade that old Scotchwoman at Ecelefecnan that the differences between his faith and hers were merely formal, and that at heart he and she believed the same thing! It needs care lest in renouncing our superstitions we r^pounee also the faith ■ which is bound up with them, lest finding that_ we have useless lumber on board which must go overboard, we fling over with at rudder, sails, ballast, provisions, everything. And what remains, then' when faith has gone, but Just to drift help lessly arid hopelesalv at the mercy of wind and wave' There is a scepticism which is centrifugal in its tendency and which sends the soul lost and wandering into ^ergv,fhei^faasce^ti^'jwiiclii5 centii petal, and which drives it the closer , to the truth that is at the heart'of the universe; the one blurs and distorts the image of truth;, the other only shrivels up the use less and mischievous accretions that have gathered-about it, 'that that image may stand, out more clear and fair. If we are dislodged from the region of vain specula tion, let us seek the tinner ground of the truth as it is in Jesus. Pay earnest heed to the things which you have heard lest you drift away from your faith, and your manhood lose its vital force, the life of all vigorous action, the spring of all high en deavor, your strength in the present world and your hope for the world to come. BETWEEN" LAW AND LIBERTY. ' There is a similar danger of drift ing in passing from the rule ot external law to the life of liberty. In childhood we are subject to authority in regard to our action, the will of those in command over us being a sufficient reason for our conduct. In manhood each one bas the responsibility of judging for himself what is right and wrong, beneficial and harmful. There are, moreover, some things properly forbidden -to children, but permissible— 'perhaps even obligatory—-in mature life. There comes the time when the restrictions and limitations with whtch childhood is fenced about may be relaxed or removed. The religious history of t'he race is re peated in the experience of the individual; in both the dispensation of law precedes that of liberty. But the period of transi tion is one of testing. It needs care that we relax no hand- of moral obligation; be cause we may now do some things once for bidden, let us not fancy that we may do anything or everything at the dictate of im pulse or passion. The law from which we arc released is analogous to that ceremonial law which was destroyed by Christ, only that the eternal law. of righteousness, of which it whs the temporary symbol and shrine, might have fuller expression and higher fulfilment. In our own lives the law and the prophets must not be destroyed, but fulfilled. Law is'never abrogated; it is of equal authority in childhood' and in manhood, and the child is not set free from its rigors until he is supposed to have learnt that inner spirit,- that soul of law which lies deeper than precise and particu lar enactments. Liberty is not freedom to do as we please; true, liberty is freedom to do as we ought. Liberty is a sacred right; hut he only is fit for liberty who re cognises the supremacy of duty. We best maintain our rights by bowing before the imperial majesty of right. It is not now said to us, as it was in the nursery, "Don't go too near the fire," because we ought to have learnt by this time that fire burns, and that its use is not that of a plaything, and if the wire guard has been removed from before the fire it is because we are credited with being no longer babies, need ing to be saved from our own ignorance, but men of judgment, sense, and con science. Instead of being confronted at •every turn, with a code of regulations, we are now entrusted with a living principle, implanted within our breast by the Spirit of God—"Thy law is within my heart." The problems of duty, moreover, are often made less simple and more com plex by the possession of liberty. The lime of right action has to be determined as the resultant of judgments and motives, each of which has to be weighed with something like scientific care, and which do not always tend in one direc tion. Who does not know what it is to be bewildered and distracted hy a con flict of claims, any one of which would he simple, if it existed alone? We have to thread our way through the intricacies of thought before we can see the path of duty plain. And here lurks danger. "The native hue of resolution" may become "sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought." Let us not think that because duties conflict, and one has to be displaced by a stronger, that duty itself is a fancy, a phantom, the hallucination of minds dis ordered by superstition. Duty lies ever in a straight line which admitsof nodefleetion; and to begin to hesitate and waver, to ask with the serpent, "Hath the Lord God said," is the begriming of all mischief and of all sorrow. Duty remains ever the i "stem daughter of the voice of God," yet does "wear the Godhead's most benig nant grace." Once recognise a duty clearly ,-itmtI plainly, and know that it will claim its due; it is not to be bullied or wheedled, or cajoled; it cannot be adapted or sof tened, or relaxed. There is no way out of a duty hut the way through it. Beware, then, of the first hesitation of cowardice, the first tampering with conscience, the firkt turning aside from the plain way of simplicity, sincerity, truth, and right. Bet ter Spartan severity and Puritanical strict- • ness than the "tender mercies of the wicked," which "are cruel," toning down duty, until all its hardness is removed, , as the temperature of a sick-room is adapted to the wastod hmgs that cannot j endure the mountain, breezes. In our refigious, life we bawe to jpiard ! against not only active rebellion and dis obedience, but against that more subtle evil which takes the farm af indolence, neglect,. and lethargy. Perhaps no more impressive exhibition of this danger has been pre sented in modern literature than in George Eliot's "Hill on the Eloes." In one scene Maggie TuHiver appears in a boat on the river in company with her cousin's lover. Hour after hour passes until twilight comes, when she awakes with a start, to find thalt while She has been dreaming, with her gaze fixed on -the face Of the man who has fasci nated her, She 'has been taken by the stream far from home, that the river is widening, an'd the objects on the distant banks utterly strange to her. Her life, too, has been drifting. She has outraged no maxim of social rectitude. As the Story proceeds it is difficult to lay the finger upon any one incident, and to say, "Here she errs or there she oversteps -the mark." And yet the reader is made to feel that She is going, and unless, arrested by some Shock will be lost. That _ drifting down. . the river in. the ttwifigh't is made 'by the subtle artist a picture of the drifting of Maggie's life. The same lurking peril besets every life frOm the Garden, of Eden until now. "Le't us therefore pay the more earnest heed to the things which we . have beard, lest at any time we should drift away from them." he Bank of England'has usually about | 5,000,000 to £30,000,000 of Bs notes in cnlaticm. 