! RELIGION tN BUSINESS. The Rev. Charles Sheldon was recently the principal speaker at the Free Asuemb.y Hall, Edinburgh, and the keynote of his speech was the same as the, central idea of "In His Step|£" .He-asked,'- was The, teaching ot Jesus GhriSt merely , visioiiary and! ideal, or was' it possible -to put it into practice in; daily life?. He"' proposed to- apply tlie teaching to foyr different kinds ofi-people, viz- ivlawyersp doe- Tbrs,;!buainess njen 'and: journalists. lie got ieuve of absL'iiee Frpiii TiscUui-clV in his citv. with the "doctors, a th.id ivith the business men, and lie edited a newspaper for a week. As to the lawyers, his general conclusion was that .Christ unity d.d not- influence -their lives at all, and 'some of the best lawyers said they did not think men in tlieirlprOfes- sion could be Christians, lie d.d not: believe that. He was disappointed witli Ins wqek among the doctors. They never talked about Christ; they became hardened, aiulj talked about the human' body, the "Templq. of the Holy Ghost," as if it were' a bit of-meat. He. urged; doctors to ennoble their profes sion. ihey. should. tell patl'tnts, and particu- .hirly young people, of the evils of alcohol on the human body. Not more tifan- half-a-dozen business men! with whom he talked in li h week with them could say thdt they really' tried to live, ii Christian life, in business. They said it was not possible.-. ; He did not believe that, though it -might'. mean loss of money. He hated the word "success" when applied to the success of some business men. Successful thieves he called " them. In America men who' had pews in; church and helped to pay the pastor's salary combined to ' "corner" the necessities of life. Dealing lastly with journal-ism, Mr. Sheldon said the great want of the age was a. Christum daily paper. He denied .'that- his' essay .as editor of a-' daily was a failure,. His. editing was meant as an 1 'Object ' ltssbii,! riot' ag'iVn' experiment- He" denied that he got any profit for his work, though it had been said that he re- jasj.vkj.1 .a large sum, and declared that tiie yaneiNalloij went up from 12,000 to > riiPpfFsnjbi-.'day. That was not a failure. The \d "appeal iri his' paper for famine "sEr iekeii India i liSyluced C0JJU0 . dol in mouejtand - '60,(100 1 imidrpjs of wlieat. Ilis paper "had Also '-ecu tthe -niefuis of raising'money to bu-ilaGf h.nne , \or ebtfsuniptlVes. Despite reports to the a jSjuti-aryp'-tlie paper eon'tairicd all -the' ncwB MpLtwyeek that was worch giving. There was rieY ycnV-fnuch, (Laughter.) He. had re ceive tup'usands of letters jiroirising sup port to'ia real. Cliristian daily if- lib would only start one. One day he got 988 letters. If they had a real Christian press behind this great temperance movement they might al most see the inilienium in a decade. 