MOVING- NORTHWARDS. MARKING THE GRAVES. THE COUNTRY'S LANGUAG-15. A FIERCE ARTILLERY DUEI THE BOE'RS IN FULL FLIGHT. ? (BY OUR SPECIAL WAR COKRE- ' SPONDENT.) Bloemfontein, May 8. ?? On the evening of Wednesday, May 2, the Victorians shifted camp, moving off in the direction of Brandfort via Karee Sid ing, to join the general advance on Brand fort, which took pJace the following day, when a combined movement was made -by; the 11th division, under General Pole Carew on the front and left flank; the 7th division, under General lucker, on tne right of the 11th division, and General Hutton's Mounted Infantry on the west front and lert ilank. The mounted infantry, composed mainly of the South Australians, Victorians, and Tasinanians, were in ad vauce of the 11th and 7th brigades, and acted as scouts. They advanced tor some . distance unmolested, but after passing Irby's farm, about eight or ten miles from Brandfort, the Boers suddenly opened nre on them from some kopjes on the left. Behind the scouts followed quickly tha 11th and 7th divisions in skirmishing order, and were obliged for a time to take shelter in the kopje from rifle fire and auick-firing guns from the hills west o'f Brandfort. They suSered little damage, however, and were soon relieved by our. artillery, who, on coming into action, made some very accurate shooting, soon silenc ing the Boer guns, although they were com pletely hidden from view. The advance of the British was now general all along thP Vmp. and Thursday afternoon found them in posses9ion of Brandfort, the iSoers, under De la Rev, having retreated in a north-easterly direction. Major Wray, chaplain to the Australian torces, states that on Saturday, May 5, he went to Rens -urff, and saw the grave of the late Lieu tenant J. C. Roberts (V.MR.), who waa shot at Hobkirk's farm, and died the fol lowing day at Reusburg. He was buried beside two other graves, and the mounds have been decently enclosed with stones, painted white-, by the men of the Hoyal Lancaster Militia, 6tatioued there. Va Sunday Major Wray visited the graves oE those killed at Hobkirk's. Ihey are all in good order, and crosses haye been placed over the graves of Major ^dyV.M.R), and Lieutenant l'oweu ^o°iu' au»n«'»/- He has made arrangements for crosses to i-e placed over all the graves of the men of tolie Australian Regiment, namely, Sergeant Grant, Corporal Ross, Privates btock, Wil liams, and Willson (Victorians), and Pri vates MeLellan and Eraser (N.fs.W.), who a--e buried at Colesberg. He saw Mr. Hob kirk at his farmhouse, which received rough treatment during the fight, and bears marks of manv bullets and one or two shells. Mr. Hobkirk very kindly gave full per mission for anything necessary to be car ried out in order to mark the graves and a'ko for the erection of any monument that may be decided on. On Monday 'Major Wray went to Naauwpoort, and arranged wittii the cam]} commandant to have crosses erected over t'lie graves of Captains Salmon and Hopkins (both V.M.R.), -who are buried in the local cemetery. lie seems very pleased with the kindness showin ihiui by 'everybody in his travels. He leaves Colesberg to-morrow for Blocan'fouteiu, where he wtfl spend a day in visiting the hospitals, resuming hk journey on l'ridajj to join his regiment beyond Braiunort. THE LANGUAGE QUESTION. Peifliaps one of i'he most difficult pro blems to solve after t!he war is over and CQ1 British supremacy set up will be the 'lan- guage' question, and. whether 'equal rights' includes the admission of the equality o£ the Dutch, with English as 'the official lan guage of British SouMi Africa. There are arguments for and against, and it is better to -weigh, them calmly and give the fullest and most serious consideration. Apart from sentiment, the sooner the Dutch language is abolished the better, but 'sentiment rules the world/' and we must not forget that the Outlanders felt keenly the inequality of language Sn the Transvaal, where, though whole communities were essentially English and the commercial language linglis'h, com -paratively very few could speak Dutch, and vet English was not allowed as an ofn Kial language. The Boers themselves say ''the language is tlie nationality, and t'he Cape 'have done all in their power -by nieang of the 'TaaP Bond and the Afrikander ?Bond to foster the 'taal' and strengthen ithe Afrikander nationality in contradistinc tion to the British nationality. If South 'Africa is to become British, in sentiment as well as in name— if the two dominant j-aces are to be welded into one — if peace as to be established on a firm and lasting ibasis— the sooner this fostering of tlie Dutch language ceases the sooner will the desired end be accomplished. Before the occupation of the Cape by the British, the Dutch vigorously suppressed the use of the French language by t'he Huguenots and their descendants, the consequence being that ithe second and third generation never ac quired the language of their ancestors, and ibefore long French and Dutch became »ier#ed into one 7)eople. The admission ot the Dutch language into the Cape Houses of Parliament, and its recognition as an official language 15 or 20 years ago, has not improved our legislation nor t'he stamp of men returned as members. It has 'diminished loyalty instead of increasing it, and, contrary to expectations, has engen dered race feeling, and retarded rather llhan hastened tfie fusion of 'tlie two races. The perpetuation of the Dutch languaga fosters that strange and unaccountable hat red of everything British, and strengthens Ahose. aspirations of the Dutch after one great Dutch Republic from the Cajie to the Zambesi, where the Dutch language was to be the only official lan guage. Dutch laws, in. some cases so op pressive to the native, were to prevail, and all tlie most important offices in the coun try, from a field cornet to a judge, from a member of town or divisional council, to a member of Parliament, were to be filled by Dutchmen. English is the language of the commercial world, not only is Johan nesburg, Pretoria, and Bloemfontein, but in all tlie principal towns of tlie Cape, Transvaal, and Free State. Most of ths Dutch of South Africa, with any pretensions to learning or ipolished manners, speak English fluently. It is spoken all round the globe, and has an enormous literature, while those who speak Dutch or 'Afri- 'kaanehe' are comparatively limited in number, their literature is very scanty, and of a low order. Looking at the subject then, apart from sentimenc, without any .bitterness of spirit, without any de jare to humSliate, but from the point of ,view of tlie greatest good for the greatest number, it is clear that the most benefi cial course is the gradual suppression of the. Dutch as an official lai.guage, because. us Sir Alfred Milner lately observed, 'the vital interests of all those who live in South Africa, of our present enemies as much as of those who are on our side, de mand that there should not be two' dis- similar and antagonistic political systems in that which nature and history have ir revocably decided must be one countr}'.' * TIIE TRIUMPH OF ROBERTS. ' Lord Roberta's Headquarters, May 10. ! The march northwards has begun in iearnest. Field-Marshal Lord Roberts tooJ: possession of Bloemfontein on March 14, and though the delay at the late Orange !Free State capital has been prolonged be yond genera] expectation a variety of cir cumstances operated which made this in evitable. The scarcity of remounts, the disaffected population who still hold the southern parts of the country, and the su preme importance of placing our long lines of communication in absolute security, ail demanded the closest attention during Weeks of inaction, but of untiring and un ceasing activity. From Kouxville and De IWet's Dorp, from Ladybrand on the one jaide; from Windsorton and Warrenton on the other, the enemy have been driven, that the whole Boer commandos are now an our front, and that a large. portion of the Orange Free State extending, m a straight line from its extreme wes tern boundary at the Vaal River to the borders of Basutoland on the east is in our undisputed possession. It would not be sur prising tf May proved 'die most eventful anonth in the history of the campaign. Its .opening days have been replete with iuc dent, witnessing the removal of Lord Ro berta's headquarters from Bloemfontein to ?Brandfort, fully '40 miles, and the arrival of a large portion of his force at the Vet River, 30 miles still further north. A fort night ago t'he Boer commandos from We pener and De Wet's Dorp had been ordered 'to fall 'back on 'Windmrg, but has been forestalled, for Winburg is now in our pos session, and the surrounding country, some of the richest in the Orange Free State, is securely held by our troops. There was ?little fighting between Bloemfontein and (Brandfort. Our advance was unopposed, while the practically deserted country be tween the two places bore ample evidence oi the hurried and precipitate nature of the enemy's flight. The foe, it was said, would Htand at Brandfort, but anything more un 'eventful than our entry into that little town, in the very centre of the Free Sta't era' country, it would be difficult to ima gine. GENERALS TUCKER AND CAHEW. It was, in reality, a combined movement !by General Tucker and. Pole-Carew's divi sion on the east and centre, and of Gene ral Button's Mounted Infantry on the west which greatly facilitated the occupation of farandfort. 'The Boers were surprised, and took refuge in hasty retreat. Four thou sand Boers, posted close to Hhe town on the evening of May 2, after a sharp artil lery duel with a portion of General Tucker's force, in which two of their guns .were put out of action, withdrew, and at jnoon on t'he following day Lord Roberta established his headquarters in Brandfort. The bridges and culverts between Bloera ifontein and Braudfort were repaired by t'he {Royal Engineers with extraordinary rapi dity, and tlie train same through at mid day on Friday. At daybreak the next ?jnorning General Pole-Carew's division set tout for Vet River, a long march of 19 unites. Nothing of note occurred until about 1 o'clock p.m., when the West Aus tralians, acting as scouts, came into contact, with the enemy holding the river. A fierce artillery duel almost immediately ensued. iThe enemy, unmasking their guns on our right flank, poured both shrapnel and per cussion against our battery, but our ter rible fire was liever diminished. Then two naval 12-poundera entered into action, and, later, two B-in. siege guns, so that the noise and t'he din became terrific. The enemy continued to fire with great accuracy, and it was marvellous that no one was injured. The firing went on until sunset, and as the departing day faded away an occasional shell might still be heard hissing its way through the calm, clear atmos phere, and finally ruffling in its explosion the serenity of the now silver-tinged waters of the Vet River, which divided the oppos ing forces. MAJOR-GENERAL BUTTON. Away on, our left Major-General Hutton was also engaging the enemy. His force had left camp early in search of fche drift across the river to the west, wihich was eventually discovered to be strongly held by the enemy with a Maxim and a pom pom. A hot fight ensued. The Boers en filaded, our firing line with a Maxim, but our force, pushing rapidly forward with its own pom-pom and galloping Maxim, drove the Boers from tiie bed of the river, treat ing them to a, terribly hot fire as they re tired. : WEST AUSTRALIANS CONGRATULATED. It was in this fight that the West Aus tralians so gallantly stormed the kopjes commanding the- passage of the river, and Major Wilkington was subsequently con gratulated by Lord Roberts concerning their brilliant capture of one of the kopjes It was the West Australians, too, with the Canadians, who were afterwards mainly re sponsible for the forcing of the river pas sage. During the. night General Hutton had the railway-line blown up near Smaldeel, and the next day occupied the railway station, the enemy retreating to Zand River. SfAJOR-GENEBAL IAN HAMILTON. The Vet River crosses the main line of railway 60 miles north of Bloemfontein as the crow flies, and 25 miles due east from where our troops crossed the river lies the town of Winburg, which MajorJGeneral Ian Hamilton occupied on Sunday, May 6. 1 his was- an important move, and the ra pidity of its execution caused confusion and consternation among the Boers, as it effectually cut off the retreat of any ma rauding parties who lingered in the neigh borhood of Wepener and Ladybrand. On Tuesday, May 8, General Hamil ton had a . conference with Lord Roberts 15 miles east of Smaldeel, and, as a result, complete con nection was- established between all our forces, General Hamilton moving north of Winburg, and General Colville entering that town. THE PRESENT POSITION OF TllE FORCES. A glance at the map will impress the merest novice with t'he importance of the 'positions held 'by our troops, as well as 'the marvellous strategy which has been em ployed in order to secure them. Portions of -General Pole-Carew's and General Tuck er's divisions, and of General Ian Hamil ton's column, with the heavy naval guns and four brigades of cavalry, marched to the headquarters of Lord Roberts to-day, and we are now just across t'he Zand River. The enemy are still holding a strong posi tion, but are gradually being pusihed back. We are about 70 miles from Kroonstad, lately proclaimed by Mr. Steyn the new capital of the Orange Free State, where the Volksraad met recently for the first, and probably last, time. Events are certainly now marching rapidly, for with Kroons'tad in our grasp, our occupation of the Orange Free State will be practically complete, and we shall be free to cross the Vaal River, and carry the war into the 'Transvaal. , FROM ZAND RIVER TO KROONSTAD. Headquarters of Lord Roberts, May 14. When the Biitish troops crossed the Zand River on Wednesday, May 9, few were sanguine enough to hope that with in three days we should be in Kroonstad. The enemy were expected to take good ad vantage of ths excellent cover afforded by the semi-circular line of kopjes often con nected by deep j-pruits in close proximity to the Vaalsche Kiver, along which they had b-.en at pains to throw up entrench menis. That th:y did not do so is striking evidence of the vacillation which exists in their camp. For the moment they are fighting without spirit and without heart. Infantry charges and cold steel have in spired them with a wholesome dread of a near acquaintance with our troops; and our artillery is so efficient that the Boers shirk impact with the grand army under Lord Roberts. The positions north t i the Zand, held on Thursday, May 17, by the Boers, extended from General Ian Hamil ton's position on the east, to General Hut ton's position on the west. By an early ad vance on tlie preceding night, the Cheehires occupied the river bed directly in front of General Tucker, while Bruce Hamilton sent the Devonshires towards the river on his front, General Hutton advancing along the railway encountering no opposition at the river. With him was Gene ral Gordon's Lancer Brigade, and behind followed General Pole-Carew's Ninth Xancers, which formed the advance guard. The first opposition came from a farm house north of the river, where there was an exchange of shots. The mounted troops advanced, until they came under shell fire, and our pom-poms were brought into ac tion. But the enemy disappeared. On the centre and right, however, things were more lively, and here the Boers made some show of standing. GENERALS TUCKER AND HAMILTON. General Wavell's brigade formed the ad vance guard of General Tucker's column, while General Bruce Hamilton, led by the Sussexs, advanced parallel to the Boers' position. Our left faced a high and par tially wooded kopje, and on a ridge which continued half way to the enemy's position we placed one gun and a pom-pom^ Gene ral Wayell's brigade advanced to attack the Boer right, and were subjected to an ac curate pom-pom shell and shrapnel fire. But the advance calmly continued, and was supported by a Maxim of the South Wales Borderers, which poured a deadly fire into the enemy's ranks. This was too much for them, and in 10 minutes their force was in full retreat. Their left, however, held out against General Bruce Hamilton on two ►low, rocky kopjes, on which they had placed three guns, and our troops advanc ing across the plain encountered a heavy eLel! fire. Still, on they went, and when within 500 yards of the kopjes the Sussexs, with a ringing cheer, fixed bayonets, and charged the hill. It was a grand rush, and successful, too, the enemy being driven pell mell, a hot, scathing fire being poured amons the runaways. The Boers continued a half-hearted running fight, not making even the ghost of an attempt to withstand our irresistible advance. General Ian Hamilton's mounted infantry, was mean while driving the enemy's left into the centre, although after a few miles of re treat they again extended. But they were already demoralised, and nightfall saw the whole of our columns .encamped on the north side of the river. ' ' ',' MAJOjB-GENERAL POLE-pAREW. - On Friday, May 11, Lord Roberts's head quarters were with General Pole-Ca-rew's division, at Geneva Siding, 14 miles from Kroonstad, and about six- from Bosehand, where the Boers were holding an en trenched position. We matched 20 miles during the day. General Tucker's division was a short distance to the south-east, and General Hamilton's force Still further east. General French's cavalry, which had seized a drift on the Vaalsche River the previous afternoon, was some way to our north, and the line of railway had been secured, prac tically uninjured, between Geneva Siding and Reitspruit. We took 100 prisoners, and nearly all the farms along the line of route were flying white flags. Hencefor ward our march was unopposed. At 8.30 a.m. on Saturday, May 12, we were at Bos chand, and found that the enemy had evacuated their first line of entrenchments during the night. The rest1 was a mere parade, and shortly after noon on the same day Lord Roberts rode triumphantly into Kroonstad. His bodyguard on this occa sion was composed entirely of colonials, who headed the historic procession, fol lowed by General Pole-Carew's column, the Naval Brigade, and companies of the Royal Artillery, and Royal Engineers. The scene was brilliant. The bands were playing, the Union Jack was hoisted, and there were cheers from the British residents. Kroonstad is a picturesque town of 3,000 inhabitants, about 127 miles by rail from Bloemfontein, and 160 miles from Pre toria. It is- the centre of a rich agricul tural district, and has some reputation as a health and pleasure resort. With the occupation of Kroonstad the war enters upon its final stage. It means the collapse of the Free State, and though guerilla warfare may be carried on further effectual opposition from Steyn's burghers is out of the question. Meanwhile, bteyu himself has fled to Heilbron, and in less than two montJhs the capital o£ the Orange Free State has bean changed for a second time. FORCES IN THE SOUTH- EAST. Thaba N'Chu, May 14. Since the relief of Wepener, the military operations in the south-eastern portion of the Orange Free State 'have' been centred around Thaba N Chu. In this imme diate neighborhood tiie divisions under Generals Rundle and Chermside on one hand, and General Brabant on the other, are on the alert for any diversion on the part of Free State Boers or rebels loeated in a 10-mile semi-circular area, extending from Thaba Patsoi Mountain and skirting the eastern side of Thaba N'Chu Hill, and thence round to Korannaberg to Ficksburg. Their movements, however, have shown much indecision, and the news of Lord Roberts's occupation of Kroonstad will pro bably make their vacillation all the more conspicuous. Reconnaissances have lately been frequent, and the enemy have re turned to Ladybrand to retrace their steps towards Clocolan, where Steyn wishes to rally them for a big stand. For nearly a fortnight, however, they have shown no in clination to give battle, and they are hug ging the Basutoland border. Their mobi lity seems as great as ever, and it is diffi cult to say where they may turn up next. Meanwhile, General Bundle's troops are disposed over about 20 miles, and General Brabant's column is advancing towards Cloeolan and Platberg. The enemy will probably be soon obliged to fight or be gra dually pushed back. They may aim at joining the commandos on the Natal bor der, in the neighborhood of Van Reenan's Pass. THE BRITISH FORCES IN NATAL. General Buller's Headquarters, May 16. For the past seven or eight months the whole of the north-western portions of Natal have been overrun by the enemy; but the days of their occupation are num bered. On May 10 the Third Cavalry Bri gade, the Second Division, and some Artil lery, under the direct command of Genera^ Buller, were concentrated at Sunday's River Drift, while Colonel Bethune ad vanced from Greytown with the Umvoti Mounted Rifles and the Imperia] Light In fantry. On May 12 the former force moved to Waschbank,, Colonel Bethune marched to Pomeroy, and General Hildyard, who had advanced from Elands Laagte, occu pied Indoola Mountain. On May 13 Gene ral Buller posted three battalions on the steep slopes of Withcoek Hills, and, the Third Cavalry Brigade crowning the hills on each side of the main road, attacked by the Pomeroy-road. But the enemy re tired hurriedly from a strongly entrenched position, leaving our troops before night fall in occupation of the heights command ing Helpraakaar, while almost simul taneously General Hildyard took possession of Indoola, and Colonel Bethune occupied Pomeroy. At 6 o'clock next morning Lord Dundonald's cavalry and mounted infantry were on the march, and coming in touch with the rear-cuard of the enemy, a few shots were exchanged. At Blesbok Laagte the Boers made a slight attempt to stay our advance, but our horse artillery speedi.'y compelled them to move on. The Boers set fire to the grass, but, though the blind ing smoke somewhat impeded our progress we reached Bath, 15 miles from Dundee, late in the afternoon, while the cavalry were still further ahead. I^ord DundonaJd covered 40 miles during the day, and tlie following morn-ins occupied Dundee with out opposition. The town was intact, buir every house had been ransacked from top to bottom, looting Jiavine been conducted on a most extensive scale. The enemy fled by train in a most precipitate and scared manner on the previous night, and made straight for Lainsr's Nek. 