Bessie's Transformation CHAPTER X. — Continued. Betli told her something of the girl's -treatment of her before she left the €arrn, and also a lion t her remarket, Bince coming to Brighton, regarding j her relations towards Mrs, Ackman, and the useleasness of aspiring to se cure for herself any portion of the old lady's fortune, since that was all to go to Mr, Armour. The widow flushed onco or twice during this recital, but sho made no remarks upon it when Beth concluded. She simply roBe and rang the bell for a chambermaid, observing as she did bo and glancing at the heap of ruinB en tho floor : ' I suppose you do not care to save anjT of these fragments ? ' 'No,' said Beth,' with a sigh; ' nothing but tbe head of ' Ruth,' I , tliiuk I will keep that for the expres sion of the face ; I worked so hard to get it just as I wanted it.' Her companion sighed also, but told the servant, when she appeared, that there had been an accident, and she ! -wanted her to cleor away the debris. | The girl was loud in her expressions i of regret over tho destruction of the j ' lovely models' which she had j ?watched growing under Beth's skil ful fingers with a great deal of inter osfc. ' It's enough* to make one ill with grief, mi«s, after all the time j't-u spent with the pretty things,' she sym pathetically declared, ns she swept up the last dustpanful of the ruins and departed, leaving tho unhappy maiden to herself. Mrs. Ackinan had gone to her own riom, but Beth could hear her pacing to and fro for a long time, and knew she was deeplv troubled on apcountof ?what had happened. It was a wretched — a terrible. day, Beth did not go belpw at all, for she shrank from mpeting anyone ; nor could she oat, although Mrs. Ackman brought hor something both at lunch nnd dinner time, and looked in upon her nt other intervals, kindly asking if there -was something that she wanted or needed. The widow also appeared far from happy, and it was evident from her hagj»nrd face that she had received a great blow ; for, as we know, she had been growing very fond of her pro tngcH during tho few weeks she had been with her. \ For years she had not enjoyed ? life so much, for the gitl had been aper fect sunbeam to her, nnd so useful that she was beginning fo feel that tlio could not exist without her. But now bIio was very much exer cised to know -what was her duty to wards her. In ^ito of what seemed incontestable proof, she eould not be lieve that the girl was a hardened thief. Until thut morning t-he would have been ready to declare that she was the most truthful and ingonuoua child alive. What should she do in view of whnt had occurred ? Should bIio coldly turn her back upon her and send her forth into tbe world, to battle alone with her fats, and, perchance, slill greater temptations P Or should she continue fo help her, condoning this offence — if offence .it was on her part — educate hor in her chosen profession, as she had alreody planned to do, nnd try, by kindness, precept and faithful dicipline, to erad | icate this apparent blemish from hor character and make a noble, uieful woman of her P Over and over agjjuri she asked her self these questions.1 Her heart inclined her towards the latter course, and- yet stern justice suggested that a girl who would de liberately rob her best friend of so large a sum, and so cleverly conceal it, must be bo hurdened in character that it would bo very difficult to mould her anow. It was a long, a wretched day, and a no les-t miserable night followed. Beth did not sleep at all, and looked like a ghost when Mrs. Ackman opened the door in the morning to ask if she was ready for breakfast. 'What, not up yet?' she' remarked in Burpri-e, when she found she had not stirred, ' My head aches so badly I cannot lift it from the pillow,' she weakly | responded. ' Well, then, .do not hurry,' said her friend, kindly ; ' we need got go un till later in tho day, although tholug gngo must bo ready for the man whom I ordered to come for it at eight. I will bring you a cup of Btrong coffee, und perhaps that will brace you up a bit.' Sho kept hor word, as eoon ob their breakfust was t-ent up, and tho invig orating beverage did brace Beth almost immediately, so that she .wauenabled to rise, dress, and finish packing her trunk bef.-re tho man came for it. But weakness obliged her to lio down again afterwards, and before she wfla aware that sho was even drowsy she had fallen into a sound sleep. The widow found her thus when, a little later, sho looked in- upon her, .and cnrefully shutting the door be tween the two rooms, sho sat down to write a letter. But nil nt onco sho laid down her pen, and rising, wont to her bod, which slie.deliberately stripp ed, laying each article of clothing upon tt ohair as she took it off. Sho had resolved to make one last derperate effort to solve the dark my stery that 81 tantnlizod her. She bent down to examine the mattrofls where sho had pinned the un lucky notes, nnd found that tho marks of tho pin which she had used, and which had been a large ono, were visiblo even yet. But that was all that sho seemed likely to find, until, rising from her stooping posturo, her right sleeve caught upon somethiug on the foot board. It proved to bo a small nail which projected through the wood, and had heroine hooked over on the end, Sho carefully detached tho cloth, so as n»t to tear tho garment. Whilo doiti-j; so something attracted hor attention — something that made her start violently and flush a vivid crimson ' Aha?' sho breathed, in a tone that indicated that sho hnd made an impor tant discovery, ' now we will see what we shall see.' Sho went back to hor tablp, finished her letter, folded, sealed, and address ed it, then went below to post it. On her way down stairs sho stepped out upon the verandah and ran hor eyes over the various groups seated there. About midway down sho spied Mrs. and Miss Chelmsford, engaged upon some fancy work, while Mr. Armour read aloud to them from a now maga zine. The widow sauntered towards them and took a chair beside Helen. ' Do nut let mo interrupt you,' she remarked, as Fred paused nnd glanced up at her. ' I have only come out for a last breath of sea air — you know we leave in about an hour.'' The young man wanted to inquire for Beth, but upon second thought, re frained, and went on with his reading, although his faco had become some what clouded. Presently the widow reached over .jyjd took a knifo from Helen's work basket. ' I havo broken my nftil ; may I use this for a moment ?' she whispered. The girl nodded and smiled assent, then turned her attention again to the story. Mrs. Ackmnn not only cut off the troublesome broken nail, but busied herself bv trim m i ng lier nails gener ally, . until the story wnn finished ; thon,. after chatting -socially f'-r a tow moment's, she .arose and returned to lier ro ? ? ? ? ? _ Five minutes later a note was hntulod-to Mr. Armour by a servant. It ran timet : ? ? ? ^ .-. -Come lo -toe immediately,, and bring Miss Chelmsford with you, : M. A. Fred passed the missive to his be t-otlied 'Will you come?' he questioned. .1 ' YeS' I Mippose^I must.,' she ..said, rising.- I w ondor what she- wants. I should t' ink you would got tired d.-inoing'attendnnco upon tha: fright ful-looking old .. woman; .Fred j; but, then; I^suppose you have. inMiiind the nice; fat plum which sho will leave you by-and-bytw * | 'Oh, Holon, why will you. make such uncharitable speeches ?'.i'xclai in i ed the young mac, with a flush of in dignation. ' I hope I [-hi.uld bo just ns willing to do her a favour if she had^not n shilling in tho world. I as sure y(ou I really admire and like Mrs. Ackman for hor sterling qualities, ro gavdlesa of her 'wealth,'- ho concluded, somewhat sternly. ' Woll, dear, I suppose yon do, so don't sret cross about it,'' said the girl, with a light laugh ; ' I neTer should think of being joalous of her, I con fess I do not seo much tliRt is attrac tive nbout her, unless it is her money, which I shall have no objection to help you dispose of, when she gets ready to pass it over to you.' Mr. Armour seemed on tho point of making some pcathing retort to this sordid observation, but checking him self, he led the way into the house, and up to Mrs. Ackmaii'3 room. Thoy found her sittinsr stiff and straight, by a window, when they en tered. ' Shut and look the door,'' she curt ly commanded. ' Fred . Armour obeyed, wondering what could ha ve ooeurred to so sudden ly upset the old lady to such a degree, for he had never seen her quite so steVn and forbidding before. ' Sit down, both of you,' sha con tinued imperatively, and indicating a couple of chairs near her. ' What has happened, dear Mrs. Ackman ?' Mr, Armour inquired, in a tone of surprise. ' I hope nothing else has arisen to trouble you.' Humph ! you'll soon know, fo your sorrow,' she Bhortly responded. ' And since you were both witnesses to tho discovery of these notes yester day, I considered it no more than right that you should both know what furthor developments have como to light.' ' Oh, have you found stronger proo'n of the girl's guilt ?' cried Ilolen Chelmsford, eagerly, ' You seem verj' anxiouB to fix it upon her,' said the widow, sharply flow could anyone doubt In r agency in the matter, after what wo saw yes-N terday?' spitefully demanded ITelon, for the widow's manner rasped hor boyoud endurance. ' Well, I may as well tell you first a-- last that I have at last all the evid ence I want to prove who did the deed,' said Mrs. -Aokman with sternly. compressed lij a and lowering, brow. I ' Has — she — has Beth confessed it?' faltered Froderick Armour, grow ing suddenly white about the mouth, and in a voice that was strangely husky. ' Beth,'' shrilly repeated the old lady, her eyes blazing with wrath, her face crimson with repressed anger. My little pure-souled, gentle-hearted Beth ! — she ia us innocent as an angel.' ' Then — who' ? began Helen Chelmsford, a strange pallor settling over her beautiful face. ' Yourself, you treachcroas, jealous woman ! You stole those notes and concealed them ill the model to crim inate her !' interposed the widow in an awful voice, and pointing a shaking accusing finger. . | (To he Continued .) Someone has said')- Atten yoarsoP age a boy thinks his father knows; tv great deal, at fifteen he knows as nmcli as his father, at twenty lie knowt* ( twice as much, at thirty /.he -iu willing to tuko his adric^, nt forty he begins to think hiVfat-her- knows something after all, at fifty he beginsito seek:his ad vice; -and : at sixty- — after hie father is dead— he thinks he was the smart est man over lived, i - . . Tiamp: 'Please, mum, will you give rne a bite to eat?' ? Lady: ' I haven't anything conked, but I can give you a pair of old shoes.' ~ Tramp : ' Excuse me, muui, but I am no go it.' 