ORANGE CHORAL SOCIETY. " THE POPS." The first of the " Shilling Pops" of .the Orsnge Choral Society was given in the Oddfellows Hall on Tuesday night, and from an ariistio point of view, was a brilliant suocess. The attendance was fairly large, but not as large as might have been exported in view of the all-round low charge for admission. The overture was the " Majestic'' by Round, very well played by the orchestra. Next came Leoocq's musioal joke " My Uncle the Ghoat," an amusing liLtle brpohure that was admirably rendered, the characters being taken by Miss Minnie Lane (widow of the ghost) Miss Maud Ellis (neioe . of the ghost) and Mr J McDonald. The plot doeBU't amount to muoh, but oaused oonuidable amusement. In the seoond part the first number was " Luoille" by tbe orohestra. We do nat know why it was oalled an overture, only one overture is neoessary for one entertainment. However, it was a' good: number. The Choral Society sing " Softly falls the shades of evening, a part song,-in exoellent style. Mr Shernng'a rendering of the " Absent-minded Beggar" was. firstclass, and a goodly number of shillings and and sixpenses were dropped in the little tambourine. MrSherring was in fine voice and was heartily applauded. Miss MayGIendenniDg sang " At my window" beautifully and was rapturously applauded. 'Mr Mating played a violin solo called, on the programme "Selected." We don't know what it'was, but the audienoe seemed to like it . Vnd warmly demanded an encore. Mr'Malingis certainly an artist, but we hope he'll try qnd think of tbe name of his number aexfc time. The part song " Sleep gentle lady*' by the Choral Society was another vtty good number. Miss Hamilton sang " The "valloy by the sea" to weD-deseired' -applause. " Care killed a cat" by a male bib - of the Society was well reoeived. Next ihelady members of/ the Society sang " Pipe All Hands,*' words by Mr. Goodge, and muBio by Mr T. H. Massey. It was splendidly staged, the ladies being dressed to represent the different oolonins. The song was very warmly received, and in response to calls from the audienoe Mr Ooadge mountedjhe platform and thanked everybody all round. The third part was Offenbach's sweMittle operetta " The fiose of Auvergne)'-''be ^hst being Fleurette, Miss May Glenderinirfg; Alphonse, Mr L R Parker and Pierre,. P Burt The entertainment was ttie.'O^ iSr— joyable that has been given in a long time ; nvery number of a feoitj^clefes, but nothing t»o muoh like " caviare/to~4be general." The officials of IhjV^h&al; tiooiety, all honorary, and Mr J W e§b&mifr;, oonduotor, Mr W Lehmann, a^bmmnwt, Mr J V Mating, leader of orches|$i&Mrc;^t 0 Beeves, eecretary. The Choral'6fceibty may be congratulated on the great saoceei of its first effert to provide an entertainment comprising really exoellent vocal .and.ltnhjjrumental musio at a low price of adorfe^ton, aud we heartily wish it every suobess;' 