"A GENTLEMAN IN KHAKI." STORY OF SOUTH AFRICA. ' "Heroes on the battlefield, and gentlemen everywhere else."— Lord Roberts. By JOHN OAKLEY, Author of "A Fight for a Name," "Marian Throlger's Three Lovers," "Stories of a Sheffield Doctor," etc. Copyright. T CHAPTER XXV.— (Continued.) 1 Traffic on the Pretoria to Lourenco Marques railway had been thrown tho roughly out of gear by the war, and what trains were running were running more or lees because of the war. Business in the Re- public was at a standstill, and as Lorenco Marques is far more of a Trans vaal than a Portuguese port, the war had almost the same effect on its trade that it had on the business of Pre toria. Thus it was that the stolen en gine went swinging on its way, cover ing mile after mile of ground, flashing through the sleepy deserted stations, and only stopping here and there, while Jim climbed a pest to cut the telegraph wires, which he did every eight or ten miles. The line was even kept clear for them, the engine had been sent for to Komati Poort, the station on the Transvaal- Portuguese border, and the fact that it had started half an hour before its time was negatived by Jim's wire-snipping ! excursions to the summit of various tele- i graph posts. They did the hundred and six miles in under the four hours, which is by no means a record, and drew up finally about a couple of miles on the Portuguese side of Komati Poort. There they left the engine in the charge of a gang of astonished half- caste plate- Iayeis and set out to walk to the nearest station, knowing that in Portuguese ter ritory thrv were safe. Thenceforward all was plain sailing. Thanks to the money the fraulein had placed in his pocket Reginald and his two Loamshiros were able to reach Lo renco, and from thence Durban, without j ' any more deiay than arose from the j villainous character of the Portuguese | transport system. And now to return; to Durban. | Smithson v.cnt walking along, his hands in h's pockets, his head bent earth waid in deep thought. Reginald: followed a long distance behind, an im-j niense pipe of Dutch pattern between his lips, and an air of careless swagger as if he, too. were merely bent on a rural stroll. i In about an hour they had left the town pretty well behind them, and badj reached a semi-rural, semi-suburban j district, inhabitated partly by farmers, | whom the growth cf the town had not : yet driven further afield, partly by mer chants, who did business at the port. Smithson had just reached one of the larger houses, surrounded by pretty, though not extensive, grounds, when a man, whom Reginald had seen advanc ing in the opposite direction, stopped andj spoke to the former. Reginald crept up to the big gate, some thirty yards in front of him. and darted into the thick, shrubbery which partly hid the pretty.! quaint-looking house from the roadway.' Ho advanced quickly until the murmur' of voices on the outer side of the fence . showed him he had reached his destina-j tiori'. -ivC crept up as close as he could, and listened. " Tr.e.two men were speaking in Dutch,, incL ojjce again Reginald had good rea son to bless the whim which had set him to learning that language. It was only a mere fragment of the conversa tion he heard, but it was sufficient for, him. j "All but Van Sluyt," the stranger was saying: "And I shall see him down at the wharf." ''And those in Maritzburg, Richmond, Weenen. and the other places?" "They have all been warned. Most of them have already arrived — the others will be here before. nightfall." b» "Good— and what time?" & "Ten o'clock." I "I will be there then, but I must be i careful. It will not -do to make these f soft-headed rooineks suspicious." 1 The stranger laughed unpleasantly. I "Lord' what fools they awe," he said. I "Ana how you have played with them, I Franz. But it is nearly over now— our | day approaches." I "Ye-es," responded Smithson, and Re- I ginald chuckled to notice the atnnos- I phere of doubt which pervaded the re- I sponse. "And just where is Van Tylden's' house?" j "Down there" — and Reginaid cursed the fence that it would not transmit sight as well as sound. "Soh. Straight down this road. But which is it? I do not know it." j "Keep straight on — do not turn — until , two men step out from a gateway and say, 'Good evening to you. You are late afoot.' You must reply, 'Ladysmith still holds out' — that is the catch word." , "It's a good word," said Smithson. i "Yes, because if you should mistake the men, or somebody else should hap- . pen to wish you good evening your words won't surprise them." j "No. Then at ten o'clock to- night." | And the two men separated. Reginald made for the gate again to see that Smithson was retracing his steps to wards Durban, while the other man was also returning by the way he came. Reginald returned hastily to Durban, and summoned his two fellow voyageurs to his aid. Without telling them the why or the wherefore he led them forth as soon as the darkness had fallen, and set out to find Van Tylden's .house. He found it as he expected, easily enough. The two men, as the Dutch-, man had said, came out from the gate- ; way and greeted him with, j "Good evening to you — you are late afoot." j "Ja," he replied; "it's a fine night." ' The men returned to their gateway I without a word, but Reginald when he had gone about fifty yards doubled back, . and crossing a couple of fields -came to the hack of the house. He placed his two men, and told them not to move un- j till they heard from him, then he crept j up to the house and listened, < j It was quite dark and silent, but the : muffled banging of a door on the other i side showed that the people were about. There was a light in one of the windows just above him, and Reginald went for a ' ladder he had noticed in his passage across the yard. He brought this ladder, carrying it in one hand, the other hand on his revol ver. and placed it against the window. Then he crept softly up until his eyes were on a level with the window-ledge and peered in. It was a long low-browed room, down the middle of which ran four or five rough deal tables placed end to end. Round the tables were ranged a large number of chairs. The only light in tile room came from a small oil lamp placed at one end of the table, where also was standing the only arm-chair of the lot. "This must be the meeting-room— I j wonder if it is?" muttered Reginald. | "Anyway, I'll try and get in here. I must get in somewhere, and better ! through a window than through a door." The crazy casement did not long re-' I sist his efforts to open it, and he was just about to step inside when it oc- 1 i cur red to him that if anybody were to, come round the back and notice the lad-! der suspicion would be aroused. It wanted yet half an hour of ten o'clock, but the hum of voic-es in the room be- I low showed that some of the delegates had arrived already. He closed the win dow again, slipped to the ground, and replacing the ladder where he had found it ran to Jim Quigiey, whom he told to I follow him, remove the ladder, and then return to his post. | j A few minutes later he was squatting' in a corner behind a great heap of bags of meal, waiting with beating heart for anything that might occur. CHAPTER XXVI— THE "GOVERNOR- GENERAL" OF NATAL. Reginald, as he sat cramped and weary in his dirty corner behind the bags, re flected that "often as he had looked death in the face, he had never been in such unpleasant proximity to the King of Ter- j rors as at that" moment. Five-and-twenty 1 men sat round the table, and five-and- twenty revolvers lay close to flve-and- twenty hands— the hands probably of some of the finest shots in the world. But he was resolved to go through with the adventure— he could hardly have drawn out now if he would — and to probe the villainy of the traitor Smithson to Its 'lowest depths. j Smithson was evidently the great man of the party, for not only did he occupy the seat at the head of the table, but the others addressed him as "Mynheer," an honor seldom accorded by the Dutch even to strangers, and never among them selves. "We are all here?" asked Smithson, when the scraping of chaus had subsided. "Ail," replied the deep voice of the man Smithson had met on the road earlier in the day. Smithson slowly rose to his feet, and drew from his breast-pocket a bundle of papers. "The trust I am going to repose in ycu is great," he said; "If there be here any traitor " "Have no fear of" that. Mynheer," inter posed one of the twenty-five: "We are all faithful. We leave treason to the rooi neks." A harsh laugh gurgied round the table, followed by another deep silence. "I hold here," continued Smithson, "a warrant bearing the signature of Paul | Kruger and Piet Joubert " A faint hum, like the ghost of a cheer, i went the round of the table, subsiding in a moment. "Of Paul Kruger aiid Piet Joubert," re peated Smithson. "Appointing me to the command of the Republican Burghers of Natal. You accept this?" "Ja — ja — ja," went from one to the other in the same rumbling tone. "I am also appointed Governor of Natal for the Federated Republic," "It doesn't belong to the Federated Re public yet," said Van Sluyt, a trifle grimly. "Not yet, but it will," said Smithson fiercely, "it will — It must." "Buller is not beaten yet," objected Van Sluyt. "And what is that verdommed Kitchener to do at Capetown?" "Are you drawing back— do you want to turn tail?" asked Smithson with fierce sarcasm. "You have time yet." .. "I don't want to turn back," replied Van Sluyt, as fiercely. "I am willing to shoulder my gun to-morrow, to-night, this very hour, and join Joubert across the Tugela. I am willing to give up everything — home, life, the lives of my three young sons. I am no traitor." ' The rumble of applause once more wan dered slowly round the table. Van Sluyt went on. "But when are we to strike that blow, which Paul Kruger promised us should J.-J uc aiiuun, tjui Lur wiucii we ve Deen wait- ing and waiting for an eternity. Piet Joubert has been driven back across the Tugela, he did not come to Durban as he said he would, and now he and l.iie men are lying in their holes hiding from the enemy like verdommed rooineks. Lady- smith and Kimberley still hold out, and Roberts and Kitchener are on their way. Ve ask Paul Kruger for a word, and he sends us a governor. Allermachtiji! A governor who has nothing to govern." There was a moment's dead silence, then Van Tylden took up the running. "There is good in what Van Sluyt says. Mynheer," he remarked; "we are all faithful, but we do not like the look of things. When two months ago we offered to rise and seize Durban Paul Kruger said 'Wait.' We have waited — for what?" "For this!" thundered Smithson, in a tone that electrified the whole assembly, as he flung his handful of papers on the table : "For this— and for me. Listen! Buller has been beaten once, but he will try again, and again be beaten. Why ? Because I etiall know his plans. I am to carry despatches to Ladysmith with ail the plan therein set down, so that Sir George White may play his part. Those despatches— Piet Joubert will see first, and lie will lay his trap— yes— and the rooineks will fail into it, and their slaugh ter shall be greater than the slaughters of all other battles put together. Is it good? There was long silence. "It is good," said Van Sluyt at last ; "if if falls out as you say. Ja— if it falls out as you say. But if as at Ma- gersfontein and the others more burghers fail than rooineks? They were traps, too, but if the rooineks did not win they kill ed more than they had killed. Is that not so?" "Ja — Ja — Ja— " again rumbled round the table in a rising inflection like the scales on a piano. Smithson flung him self into a chair with a muttered curse. "If you want to throw the whole thing up, eay so, for God's sake say so, and let me get back to Paul Kruger and tell him." "We do not want to throw the whole thing up," said another man slowly: "No, not that. Allernaachtij, have we not dreamt of. this, and prayed for It ever since Majuba? But what has been done has not been well done. A thousand I burghers lie In their graves, six thousand groan in hospit.il, and neither Kimberley nor Ladysmith have fallen." "Ay." added Van Sluyt. "And Kitchen er is coming with thirty thousand men." "I know," said Smithson, "that a thou sand burghers have been killed and six thousand wounded, but what of that? There are five thousand faithful in Natal waiting and wenty thousand in the Cape — also waiting. Paul Kruger told you to await the word. It was gcod. The rooi neks say there will be no rising of the Dutch in the two colonies — that was a nightmare. But they will rise, and that will be the end." "Of the Dutch in the two colonies," murmured Reginald behind the meai- bags. , "And that word?" asked Van Sluyt. "I have it here," said Smithson. "It is this." , There was a moment's strained silence, so depp- tlia'tj IKginaid half feared they nyrfl\e|.v tlJmfrUuous beating of his open an cn- Vejqpe, and extracTfj£l\erefrom a thick read wentoja. - -y'WJken I have read it ythjQisay jlfep-, 6P,.Ngy ' ' A d "Ja's" went the circle of the table, and then Smithson read: — To my good burghers of Natal the call has come. Joubert holds Lady smith in one hand, the Tugeia in the other, and he has 00,000 men. At Stormberg and Colesberg and Spy- fontein thera are but small armies, who have been ordered not to fight to keep the rooineks at play, but to wide in their trenches and kopjes, and not to fight. In Natal wi:l the battle of the Lord and of His hosts be fought. We know that the rooibatje army will attack Joubert, and will be led by him into a trap from which l'ew will escape alive. Then must you gird your loins, arise in your might, and, taking the sword of the Lord and of Gideon, smite the op- . pressors In the great cities of Maritz burg and. Durban, which the rooinek by guile and evil words stole from us in the aforetime. There you must raise our beloved Vierkleur, and hold them in the name of the Lord. What can the rooineks do? If they come against you Joubert will arise and smite them hip and thigh until there be not one left, no, not one; starve the rooibatje, who cannot fight when his belly is empty. If the rooineks should send men against you from the Cape, my burghers there will rise also. Be ready and strong in the fear of the Lord. On the day when the news that Buller has been trapped comes down to you rise. Yours in the name of tlie Lord of Hosts, PAUL KRUGER. "There is the word,' 'thundered Smith- son, as hefi nished reading. "Say, is it good ?" "A'/," said Van Sluyt. "It is good. Still, if Buller be not beaten " "Leave that to me," broke in Smithson grimly. "That is my work. I will lay the trap and bait it. I go to Ladysmith and 1 return, and when I return you shall hear. Meanwhile, be ready and wait." "We are ready," said Van Sluyt. "We have been ready long, as we have waited long. May it be as you say." "It shall be as I say," responded Smith- son. "Forgetting." murmured Reginald be hind his meal bags; "that I have also to take a hand in this game." CHAPTER XXXVII.— A HIGHWAY ROBBERY. Half an hour passed in the discussion of details, then the gathering broke up. As soon as the last man had left the room Reginald ran to the window, and, open ing it stealthily, took a good look round. All was dark and silent. He dropped swiftly to the ground, and keeping well in the shadow of the wall, ran to the spot where he had left hid two men. "Lads," he said; "I want you to help me "Yussir," responded Jim promptly. "In a little bit of highway robbery." "That's phwat I call something like a bit iv fun," said Micky; "I'm gettin" mighty cowld here." "The" only thing is," said Reginald re flectively; It's somebody who knows me, and might spot me." "That's soon did, sir," said Jim. He took off his jacket and tore out the thin lining, which, 'with the aid of his penknife, he cut Into three strips, in each strip making two holes an inch or two apart. "Come 'ere, Mick," he said. In a moment he had bandaged Micky's face as if they were going to play a game of blind man's buff, with the difference that by means of two holes Micky's vi sion was in no way Interrupted. "Ah! black masks— good," said Regi nald. "Make me one, and one for your self." "An' who're we to rhob, sor-r?" queried Micky. "Look here," said Jim, "I'll go fur 'is 'ead, and you, Mick, fur his feet, and get 'im flat on 'is bloomin' back fust go orf." "R-right ye are, Jim," said Micky. Reginald sat himself down to consider the situation. He had one of three courses open to him. If he caught Smithson he might shoot him then and there, and chance the consequences — with just the doubt that he might get himself hanged for murder should the proofs of Smithson's treason be the least trifle shaky. Or he might take him prisoner to Durban, and hand him ovdr to the autherities, who would in all pro bability disbelieve his story and release Smithson. Besides which Smithson was just then a iiopular hero, and probably nothing would be beiieved against him. Even if he captured the traitor, and asked the people in Durban to search him— what they might find, or what they might not find, might or might not con vict hirp. Supposing that having read the letter from Kruger to the conspira tors, it had been destroyed ; supposing that afler ail Smithson should have no incriminating documents upon him! There remained yet one alternative. He might search Smithson, and then letting him go, follow him up, and try to trap him into something that would prove his treason up to the hilt. Reginald determined to leave it waver ing in the balance Lo see what might be the result of their enterprise. It was the ViKdom of the serpent, be told himself, though "."be her any mcnio.ies of Frau'.ein flitted through his brain I leave the read.r to judge. Smithson had remained in Van Tyl den's house until ail the rest had gone. He knew that the slightest slip might endanger the great scheme, and he had determined to return to Durban alone, so that in case any of the Dutch delegates might have aroused the suspicion of the authorities, no breath cf that suspicion should touch him. He shook hands with Van Tylden at the door of his house, and walked at a quick, swinging pace towards Durban. Hp had smnp nerhans a hundred yards. when he found his arms suddenly seized and pinioned behind him, while his legs were flung from under him, and he was brought down with a crash. When he recovered a little from the confusion into which the sudden attack had thrown him, he saw himself in the clutches of three masked men, one of whom was holding his arms down, while another was astride his legs. "Who are you, and what do you want with me?" gasped Smithson. But the three n-.asked figures main tained an immovable silence, by no means, however, relaxing their grasp upon his limbs. "Who are ycu? Help! Robbers!" screamed Smithson. "Repeat that shout, and it will be your last," said one of the men, speaking in Dutch — which lends itself, by the way, better to a disguise of the voice than English. "Would you rob me?" demanded Smithson, dropping himself into the Dutch. "Ay," responded the former speaker; "Rob you of everything you have." "Take it, take it all," said Smithson, with an eagerness he could not disguise. "Money, watch — " The man who had spoken in Dutch be gan rapidly to search Smithson's pockets, extracting therefrom a bundle of papers, through which he sought eagerly for the blue letter of Paul Kruger. "Not those," gasped Smithson. \- '"There's nothing of value there. Take tny money, my watch, everything, but leave me those. Theey are private papers — letters." "You seem to set big store by them," said his Dutch assailant. "I think. I'll keep them, there may be money in them. Ahl here's his revolver. Now we have drawn his teeth, let him get up." Smithson struggled to his feet, and stood facing the three masked figures before him. He was no coward, but the odds against him were too big. A movement, and he would be riddled with bullets from the three revolvers whose muzzles gaped towards him. "Au revolr," said the Dutchman, speaking now, however, in English; "Au revoir, Captain Smithson, 2nd Battalion Loamshlre Regiment, Governor- General of Natal." Smithson's face went dead white be neath the misty moon-beams. "Your Excellency has three minutes' grace to reach younder croner. If it be not reached by then xrou are a dead man." "Tell me, in God's name, who you arc?" said Smithson, turning his white face t thee leader of the gang. "One of your trusty burghers of Natal," said the other mockingly, in Dutch. "What if I were Van Sluyt — what if I thought you and your firebrand trick of rebellion were accursed. What if I took these papers to the Governor at Maritzburg?" "He would learn nothing that he does not know," said Smithson. slowly. "Oh. has Oom Paul sent him a copy r.r the letter?" Smithson staggered back. "Who, in God's name, are — " he was 1m,I Lit- ooooiloni nttllofl llini I CKVi ill 1 I J g j MUV iita """ up. "Does your Excellency know that one minute of the three has gone?" he said. Smithson gave him one searching look, then turned on his heel, and set off at a run for the corner, around which he just disappeared as a bullet, purpose ly sent astray, ploughed up the ground three yards from him. "Have ye got phwat ye want, scr-r?" asked one of the : .-Dutchmen" when Smithson had disappeared. Tut Reginald shook his head. He was not able io examine the papers vc-ry closely in the moonlight, but he feared his fust thoughts had been near the truth, and that Smithson had destroyed the incriminating papers. Reginald returned to his hotel, and found that Smithson had reached it be fore him, and had gone straight to his room. "I'll get an hour or two's sleep, and then get to 'Maritzburg and so up north,", he said. It was six o'clock in the morning when lie awoke, and hastily dressed himself. "Has Captain Smithson gone out yet?" he asked the clerk, in careless tones, as he passed through. j. Yi u nours since, was ine repiy . "Two hours since!" "Yes; he's gone to Chieveiey, to the British camp." "Soil," muttered Reginald. "What new game is in the wind? To Chieveiey and the British camp I must go." CHAPTER XXXVIII.— IN THE BRITISH LINES. As Reginald approached the British lines he met a man without a coat, and with his none too cleanly shirt sleeves tucked above the elbow. He was riding a gray horse, and was carrying in his left hand a bucket. "Hullo, Cornleigh!" was Reginald's salutation. Major Sir Charles Cornleigh, was one of the best-known dandies in town, made a point, indeed, of his eccentric dandy ism. I have heard It said that he once dismissed a man because young Roland Clere bet him L20 his (I mean Corn leigh s) trousers were turned up one-six teenth of an inch above the regulation hem— and won his bet. He had L12.000 a year, and was married to a wife whose private fortune was only L2000 a year below his own, and here' he was on the outskirts of Chieveiey Camp, riding in shirt-sleeves, the color of which would In England have forced him to murder (his vaiet) and suicide, and carrying a bucket, which the good woman at the farm had thrown in with the various oddments the Major had purchased from her for his own table. When Reginald shouted his "Hullo! Cornleigh," the gallant Major drew rein, and gazed at his interlocutor with quite unpretended astonishment, wondering how the deuce this rough-looking Dutch" man with the heard came to have his name so pat. "Don't you know me, Cornleigh?" asked Reginald. Something in his voice struck the Major as familiar, and he dismounted slowly, handing the bridle to Micky, and the bucket to Jim. "Take care of that pail," he said ; "I paid half a quid for it." Jim saluted gravely, and the Major turned his attention to Reginald. "Now, who the deuce are you?" he asked. "Don't you know me, Cornleigh — I am "God bless my soul— it isn't— it is— Reggy Curtis. My dear fellow, you were reported dead or a prisoner or something, Stalthorpe"— to a man who was canter ing by on a bay mare — "come here— here's Reggy Curtis." Lord Arthur Staithorpe dismounted in a great hurry and came running towards them. He was black from head to foot, for he had only just come off duty, and had not yet taken his bath. "Reggy Curtis!" he cried. "Wherever have you come from?" "From Pretoria," sajd Reginald. "Never!" "Fact" "Did you give "em the slip?" Reginald nodded. Lord Arthur burst out laughing. "That's splendid," he said. "Tell us all about it." They walked towards the camp toge ther, Micky leading the two horses, Jim carrying the bucket with the utmost care fulness. "By the was'," said Reginald, sudden ly; "one of ours— Smithson— has been here, I'm told." Cornleigh nodded. "Splendid fellow," he said. "Has been three limes through the Boer lines. By the way, wasn't that what you tried to do? They told us by heiio. from Lady- smith that you'd attempted to cross and had been -nabbed." "That is so," said Reginald. "Then Smithson tried, and he came through all right. By the way, your Colonel Hamilton was killed, and they say Smithson will get the double step. He deserves it." "Yes — but 1 want to see Smithson." "All serene; come and have something to eat, and then we'll find him for you." A couple of hours later, Cornleigh went to make the promised inquiries from one of the Staff. He came back with rather a long face. "You'll have to forego your congratu lations a bit. Curtis," he said. 4 Reginald turned suddenly pale. "Why?" he asked. "Because Smithson left an hour ago with important despatches from Duller to White." (To be continued.) 