\- ltlUllTS RESi£RVRp.) PURPLE :'/.!) PtN'g ! 1KEK WILLIAM LK QUEUX. Author i)f " \V !MSO Fink'th a Wifo," ?Sinners Hniif-i Tlmo," etc., otc CHAPTER XXV. Tit;: PHRSOX WHO KNEW. The encounter was a startling «>ne. Tliemoment when my eve? ftrsl full upon the figure standing patientiy in the booking office awaiting me, L halted for a second in uncer tainty. The silhouette before me \vastlmt of a youngish brown haired and rather good looking wjm in, ne:it:ly dressed in dead black, ?wearing a large bat aval a feather boa round her neck. pearanee-the grey eyes find bVown hair were exactly similar ro <-!v>se described so minutely on several ?-;bisions by Wc4, the cab driver. I r»;r;ivded her for a moment in silent wonder clien. advanced to meet her. Slio s none other than tho unknown woman who had saved niv life on lli.it fateful night at The IJukons -the mysterious Edna. As I raised my h.it she bowed gracefully, and with a merry smile, said " I fear that, to you, I am a stranger. I recognise you, however, as Mr. Hester./ "That is certainly my name./' I responded still puzzled. "And you-well our recogni tion is, I believe, mutual-you are Edna." She glanced nt n.e uiiiclily, as though suspicious. "How did y.m know that ?"sho inquired- "You have never seen me before. Tou Trore totally blind on tho last occasion ire met." 111 recognised you from your description," T! answered with a light lauirh. " My description !" she echoed in a tone of distinct alarm. " l'es, tne description given of you by the . cabman who drove me home 011 tl»st memor able mornins." "Ah! Of coarse," S>be ejaculated in sudden remembrance. Then, for a few seconds, she remained in silence. It seemed though tho fact that. I bad recognised her 5iad somewhat confused her. " But I am extremely glad th.it we lmvo met at last,'' T assured her. "I have, times without number, Impel to have ..ill opportu tmiity of tlvnking y«>u for the gveaf. services you once rendered me." " I find with satisfaction that although six , years have gone liy you Jwvo not forgotten your promise made to me," she. said, her large seriou; eyes lived upon mine. " I gave you ('-.at promise in exchange for my life,"' I iciuarlu'd, as, at her suggestion, we turned rod walked out of the station. " And as acknowledgment of the service you rendered by preserving secret your know ledge of the events of that terrblc night I was enabled to render you a small service in return,1' she S lid. " Your sight was restored to you.71 " For th ti, how can I suOieieutly thank you I exv 'i iimed. "1 uru it all to you, and rest as-ned that wKiwl'.gh we have not mat until this evening. \ have never forgotten -nor sliali i evt-r forget." Slio smiled pleasantly, while I strolled slowly at her side across the station yard. To mo those moments were like a dream. TMna, the woman who had hitherto been but a strange ghost of the past, was now actually beside me jo the lios'i. "I have :.-!>-ive-i oilier notes making a; pointments-the last, T think, a couple of years ago." I observed, altera pause. " Did you not mc-rt v.m then V' She glaive-1 it me with a puzzled ex pression. Of course she knew nothing of those lost v;-Mrs of inv life. "Meet yoi: she repeated. " Certainly not." " Who UK tine, then "I really dor.'t know," she answered. " This is the -ir.-.t iiiite I have approached you, and I only come i<> you no.v in order to ask you !o grant, me a favor-a Very great favor." " A favor I Wh.-.t is it ?" 111 cannot r-si>l.:;"> here, in the Ktrtv*," sh« said, quickly. " If \ou will conn-, to my hotel I will place the facts before \ou." " Where are yu staying " At the I!atii hotel, in Ailingtou-street." I knew the place well. It stood at the corner of Arlington-street and Piccadilly, and was an eminently ropp--'cti»blu, old-fashioned place, patronised by a high-class clientele. "And you are alone ?" I inquired, think ing it strange that she should thus ask nic "Of course. 1 I'tvo v.-to London x pressly to :-lv y.ai." ,-in- sponded. '. I went down to Kv.dl-.ngU Snkorton t« o daysaijo, bet. I ascertained at Denbury that you had left suddenly." <l Whom did you see there I" I inquired, "much interested. "Your butler. lie told me some absurd story how thai you had become temporarily irresponsible for your actions, and had dis appeared le-vviiig no address.'' " And you came to London V " Of course." " And how did you find out where I wiis hidden and my assumed name ?" She smiled mysteriously. "It was easy enough, Iasstiro you. A man of your influence in the city, well known as you are, has considerable difficulty in effec tively concealing his identity." " But who told you where I was staying 1" I demanded. "Nobody. L discovered it for myself." "And yet the police have been searching for me everywhere and have not yet dis covered me remarked, surprised. "The police have one method," sho said. I "1 have mi entirely diU'erc-iir one." " Tell me ono tliiny," I said, bilking iu our walk, for we ivero already at the com iioiio'jiua::t ».C VicUiria-striiet- that street down which I had wandered blindly on that nf ;lit. long ago when I had lost uiy.-elf-"tell me fnv v-hat rt.-isnn those previous appoint"- t men's were undo with me .if. Grosvonor ' Gate, ar. King's Cross, ar Jv.iSthourne and else- I wlieve ?" I "You k^p't them," sho replied. "You surui.V know." "No, that's just it," I said. "Of course I don't expect yois-to give civdonca to wlwt I say-it sounds too absurd-but I have ab solutely no knowledge of keeping those ap pointments, except the ono at Grosvenor Oat-a, and I am totally ignorant of havitig mot anybody." Sho paused, looking rts» fail in the face with those grey ey'^* &.> full of mystery. " I he^in to. th-nk that what the butler told vie contains some fci'uth," she observed bluntly. "No," T protested. " My mind is in no way unhinged. lam fully aware of all that transpired at The Boltoiis. of 1 "At Tha I! o! tons she mtertii(>ted, turn- ! ing a iritio pale. " Whaido you mean | " Of the crime enacted at that house-inj The Bolions." _ I Slie held her breath.. Plainly Slv* vrivS not before aware that I had discovered the spot where the tragedy had taken place. My words hsd taken her by surprise, and it was evident that she was utterly confounded. My discovery I had kept a profound secret unto myself, and now, for the iirst time, had re vealed it. Her face showed how utterly taken aback . she was. " There is semvo mistake, * think," she I said lamely, apparently for want of something 3 other to say. " Swroiv your memorv car'vics vid back to (hat midnight tragedy," I exclaimed rather hastily, for I saw she would even now mis lead me, if she could. ' I have discovered where it took place-I have since re-entered that room !" " You have !" she gasped iu the low hoarse voice of one fearful lest her secret should be discovered. " You have actually re-dis covered the house-even though you wero stone blind !" "Yes." I answered. iiou* did you accomplish ifc ?M I shrugged my shoulders, answering " There is mi old saying-a very true one -that' inni\ler will out'" " But tell me more. Explain more fully," .she urge ! in ,111 e:irnest tone. I hesitate]. Next instant, ItoweVcV, t de cided to keep my own counsel in the matter. Her readiness to deny that the events oc curred in that house h.vd re- aroused within inert distinct suspicion. It is a long story, and cannot be told here," Iiwsiv-.ircu evasively. *' riroa CMine along to the hotel," she sug gexU-d. " I, too, hive much to say lo V"OUi ° I do not KUOW that- X should have obeyed her were it not rev the mystery which hud lntliprro *oiled her identity. Sho h:id snvud iny lite it is true, and I supposed that I ought to consider her as a friend, yet in those few minutes during which I hud gam! upon her a c.'.rmns dislike of her had artri.n within me. .She was, 1 felt certain, riot tltestraight forward person I had once believed her to be. Not that there was anything i»i hot- ap pearance against her. On the 'contrary, she was a pleasant, smiling, rather pretty woman of perhaps thirty- live, who spoke with the a:r a;m maimer of a lady, and who ca;ried herself well, with the grace of 0110 in a higher social circle. After a few moments' hesitation my Curi o.-itv got the better of my natural caution, and I determined to heni- what sho had to s.'.y. Therefore We drove together to the Bath hotel. In her own \ rivate sitting-room, a cosy little apartment overlooking Piccadilly, oppnrinj Dover-street, she removed Iwr big black hat, drew oil' her gloves, and having invited me to a diair tool; one hufseif on the opposite side of the fiii.'!siace. Her maid was there when we entered, but retired at word from her mis tress. " You, of course, regard it as very curious, Mr. Heaton, that after these six year.-; I should again seek you," she cons'.mm .'ii. lean ing her arm lightly upon the ivnd ga;:ing straight into my f-ico without U'liOh ing. " It is true that once I was enabled =o render you a service, and now ill return I ask you also to render me one. Of course, it is use less to deny that a secret exists betwoeu us a secret which, if revealed, would be dia ft≪'OUS." "To whom ?" " To certain persons whose names need not. by menMouyd." " Til ?: I .'illO S ii-1 Vtjfy o':v. iy. ; . :j* .l y?, no! promise me thai., in netuiM for youv Lie when you were blind and helpless, you would make 110 etiort to learn the true facte ? ft seems that you have already learnt at least one the spot where the crime was com mitted." "1 consider it my duty to learn what I can of t:iis affair," I answered determinedly. . She raised her eyebrows with ah expres sion of surprise, for she saw I was in earnest. " After your vow to mo ?" she asked. " Remember that, to acknowledge my in debtedness for that vow, I searched for the one specialist who could restore yoitr eight. To my efforts, Mr. Heaton, you tiro now in possession of that- sense that was lost to you." "'I acknowledge that freely," I answered. \ et, oven in that you have soucht to deceive me." " How ?" " You told mo that you wore not the writer of those letters signed with a pseudonym." " And that is true. I was not the actual writer, even though I may have caused them to be written." " Having thus deceived me, how can you hope that T. can bo free with you ?" "I regret," she answered. "That slight deception has been necessary to preserve tho secret." "The secret of the crime 1" She nodded. " Well, and what do you wish to tell me this evening ?" Sho was silent for a moment, toying with her rings. " I want to appeal to your generosity. I want you to assist me."' " In what manner " As before T' "As before!" I repeated,greatly surprised. " I havo 110 knowledge of having assisted you before." "What?" she cricd. "Is your memory so defectivo that you do not recollect your transactions with those who waited upon you -those -vho kept tho previous appointments of which you have spoken ?" "I assure you, madam," 1 said, quite calmly, " I havo nut the least idea of what you iiiean." "Mr. Heaton !" she cried. "Have you really taken leave cf your senses ? Is.it. actually true what your butlor has said of yuu-that 011 the day you left Denbury you behaved like a madman ?" " I am no madman !" f cried with consider able warmth. " The truth is that I remember nothing since one evening nearly six years ago, when I was smoking with-with a friend \- in Chelsea, until that day to which my ser vant litis referred." "You remember nothing? That is most extraordinary." "If strange to you, madam, how much more strange to me ? I have told you the truth, therefore kindly proceed to explain the object of those previous visits of persons you have apparently sent to me." "I really think that you must be joking," she said. "It seems impossible that you should actually be unaware." '* I toll you that. I have no knowledge whatsoever of their business with mo." " Then if such is really the case, let me explain," she said. "First, I think you will admit that your financial transactions with our government have brought you very hand some pro tits." " I am not aware of having had any trans actions with the British Government," I answered. "I refer to that of Bulgaria," she ex plained. " Surely you are aw;»re that through my intermediary you have obtained great concessions-the docks at Varna, the electric trains at Sofia, the railway from Tironva to the Servian frontier, not to mention other great undertakings which have been floated as companies, all of which are now earning handsome profits. You cannot bo ignorant of that I remembered that Gedge had shown mo .some official parchment which he had ex plained were coiiccssionsobtained from Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria. Tliat this woman had been the means of securing to me the ::v;tti!r part of the enormous profits which I had apparently made within the past five years was certainly surprising. "On the day I recovered consciousness the day of my departure) from Deisbury-I was shown some documents, but took little heed of them," I said. 1 "You admit, however, th,\t tho oinploy ment of British cipital in Bulgaria has realised a very h uidsome profit, and that the jraar-er part of it ;i:io gone into your own .viCACts." ' " I suppose! th.it is so," I responded. "Is t to you that I aiu indebted' for those con cessions V' " Certainly.,' " Are you, then, an ambassadress of the Principality of Bulgaria?" " Well, yes-if you choose to put it eO." : "Then, as I uwioratancl, it is with 50111X3 fuithor tkiantsiai object that .you have sought, me this evening ?" ; . " Exactly." This,latest >!cViiiopment ofi the affair was certaih'v most remarkable. I had never dreamed that to this hitherto Unknown woman I had been indebted for the unparal leled success which had attended my career during those last six. years. Yet from the facts flio subseiH-iOlitly placed before mo it would seem that it was at lier instigation that I first dabbled ill fiii-HUlo. She, or rather her ageiits, hA.d obtained ;fdr ine the; negotiation of a su'bstantil loan to T'rince j Ferdinand, and this had been followed by all1 sorts of concessions, not oiYe of which had t urued out badly-.,. ? Th'o mVsfcrvov\s Edna, whom I had always believed to be a typical blouse- aiul-bicycle girl of the true Kensington type, was actually >; political agent of that most turbulent of all the European States. I sat looking at her in wonderment. i51iQ possessed a superb eamapj A", smart well dressed figure^ a sitiilitig intelligent face, white toet.h, (i complexion -Just a trifle darfc, but betraying ho trice of foreign birth. Her English was perfect, her manlier purp'y that of the patrician. While hei; surprising tac't possessed. .ill the finesse of an accom plifteu diplomatist. i "I co fess that I have all along been' in entire ignorance of my indebtedness to you," I said, after listening to her ?.while she ex plained how obediently I had followed tho instructions contained in the letters signed "Avel,"and howl had so materially ad vanced the interests of the Principality that the thanks of the Bulgarian Presidfen.t\ or Sobranje, had been tendered to nie, :nd the Prince himself a Couple of years ago con 1 upon me the highest distinction within his power. Yet it wns more than strange that while this shrewd grey-eyed woman, tlili possessor of the secrot nf tilat puzzling crime, held aloof from lije, she hud ingeniously contrived that t should become the unwitting c:itSpa\Y ot siii ttnstnble SbittJ. 1 was thinking of Mabel-my thoughts were always of my lost love-and I was wondering how I might obtain from this woman the secret, of Iwr whereabouts. (To lie Continued in Next. Saturday's tsSYife-.) Yta'iKiTmii fry A AestLf.iian.-By a line g'eutlen.iVii 1 i:\can a man completely qualified a'S well for the service and good, as for the ornament and delight of., society. When T consider the frame of mind peculiar to a gentleman (?avs Henry Prummond) 1 sup pose it jrracrd -with &U; the dignity and e'e j vatioll of spirit that human nature is capable ; of. To tJiis I would have joined a-.clear un derstanding-, a reason. free from prejudice, and an extensive knbwWdg**'. Wlvcn I think of tT;.T_heav\ c,'f ji ijentloraan, I imagine it lir n\ niau" in repid, void of all inordinate pac tions, and full of tenderness, compassion, arid bencvolence. When I view the fine gentle man with regard to his manners methi'nks I fee him modest, without bashfulusss, frank sad affable, without. impcTtinijn'ce, obliging and eunij> aitA&f; without. servility, cliec-rfnl .i'i 'go'dd lntiaor without noise. These ivmiablo qualities are not easily obtained, neither are. thero many men who liave a genius to excel this way. A finished gentle man is perhaps the most uncommon of all the world's great characters in life. Besides, the natural environments v.-i-h which thi* distinguished man 13 tobobcm, he mus run tlirongh a long series of education. Before he makes his appearance and shines in (lie world lie must be principled in religion, in itr:!cted in all the moral virtues, and led through the whole course of the polite arts and sciences. He should lie no stringer to com ts ;md to rtlmps; lie must travel to open his mSiul, to enlarge his Views, tb.io'arn the policies and .interests of foreign States, as ..veil :\S to fashion and polish himself, and to i -rot clear 01 natural prejudices, of which every r-.-jun ry has its shave. To a!i these more ecseiitia' improvements r.e wrefc net forget to add the fashionable ornaments of life, such as are the languages and the bodily exercises most in vogue, neither' would. I liave . him lltiiik dress itself bcnecvtli liis notice. 