D ,AI:. MAN'80W .BOO.!?, (OOy 2. 1. I K 2 'The meal had sotiely 'egun. e he"lhe (i3e door -opened.mdadMaster. m Thsonuts Loved:i" sauntered :into ,the. room. Muster Thonmias loveday; yri'outh of some eight summers, tas, in default of a home of ,Is own ,'quartered per illiiiently opon liy t?ncle, whoSe bro tltm's son hlie ~was.- ILMe- early~ davysai;d been spentitan di .. A.fter, however, tjth. fdt.hler andi m?cher had s'uirinnbed 4s the clinutttef MaIdias bek was sent 3mmenin In ngland,-, and had taken root, eta Lizzard 'owni. ,-Iitherto, his life haed been onle oanlg aIny slimnber, When'ever we wer.esent, on his nrarev?ists to Ltat rig, t i ,play togetler,;"as :old age al ways sruldelyputs it, his.in.ssiabhle Nle; hud been totgo.to sleep en tile Girst; enioitceiit spelt. Conseq?mtly ihlis nire seneetetdburn?issed me not a. little t wsas n xiisndaomn: b, .with blue cye long dln'shes,..fair..air r, :and i gentl hnbihtof speech. ..:hen. leame to know hLum better. I learnt thequick vie, amit sittlepi?,,er thaitt lay lineath his blair "ems 'of mamner ; but at presen?t .tie soul of Tlholmas ovedsy slept. H. le wa:s certacnly ant wide .iawlke echien~Al\ entered tthe room. With a ealecp.yrod at "ce, la no tnie :ofastr I prise.'at, my poslenie, lie puiued hlis meal. Oceiuea illy,. as Aunt Tlhizabethl ,Iut ag a fresh quenestion, he would regard I her'vl'tlh a long sit-aye, but. otlarwise g.gave ao sign of :animation. 'This Alialldry no caspiem.Jt d my. taunt ithat Sslie addi-essed him 'PIlhonins.. do insotstnre." .Tbou:s oolft'f .mildly sunprisis for a :mnomemnt and itLen inquirea, '" Why unbt ?" "Does. the bog rA ink Iyan ,a ,wild In 'i.n' ?" JThe- questioni was .addressed to me, but I corlid inot qy3i, s6 Ikept a d:ipnre .t silenlce. Thomas relieved me irom my. dilificalt?y by:an?unseiieg, "'No," thoug htfully. "T hen why 'tare so'.? .L'n sure I tdoon't hscow ?asht boys:arc- !mnde of mows daiys." S" iugns sald 'mnils and- .pqppy-dogs tzils ;" was thledresluny.nnswer. "' LThomas, fior dare .you. -;I should like to catch? the;person'.whotenght you sii?uch nonsense. I'd toch .him !" " It was Uladle Lovadiy,", remarked the imnnoca?t Thoma s.' '! here uns;mt awful,pause; which 1 brn fke iat length by ash ing tbo i be allowed to go. Aunt ElizIhtlh?.saw her. wsy to getting arAtof the'oftender. " "Thlomas, Jyou mIght walk with Jas pi mr over the dlowns to Lantrig. It ywill b a nice exercise forou ."o " It nay hbe exereise,.aunt but-- " Do not.nswer ame, ;but'go. Where: ? to you expet little :boys will- g,,to 'rho are alwa.ys.ihlc .?". .. • Sleep !" Jmzarled Thomainas "'.'homos, you .amll lanen the whaol of Dr. Wat's' ,poem onSh'.: slhuge?l before yoe go to bud thismight." At this the oboy:slowly rose, took his .ap, stood bdfore her, .md'solemnlly re 2peated the ,itsole of tlihit inel-nacholy tale, finishing the dnast line at the door and grarvely bowing .himself ount ' followed, aweiesteuck,anduve set out in silence. .' . -.:. , At first, aniet·y for my mother pos Ssessed all niy thohughlts, ?but prese.tl.y 1 ventured ia eongiatulie l'onm onhis performanle. " She has read ~it to .me thit ??often" replied lhe, "' tlhat I csitntdlelp knowing it. I hate Dr.,(astts, and" I lov to go to sleop. I dreian snoh.b jolly tlhings. Sleep is ever so mnuCLnieer thal being awake, isn'ti t": . ;,?? I wanted slee, hasimg ind bu?tt little for two nights, and coult I therfoi~e agree with lii.? ' ' •' You get such jolly] ~ .adrentures wlhen 3"you dreadm," sad TI'mb etldctively.j 1 lhad been ntlier surfeited rwith ad ventures lately, so hleld imy peace. "Now. real life is so dilull; ..If one could only me?tawitlh did?entres---" I caught the sotunild? of wlieels behind us, andl turit&d; roind W;:e?hiads:triuck off tle downs on tol the thigh road". A light gig witliton? occupant wasap-i proachiing us. As it .l'drew near the driveri hailed usi . ' "Ilullo I lads., is ffis the roaid for Polkimbra 2?".. '.l'he spealkei as . t hort, guzled seafaring man, .sithl a kind fdice and good- liunbured ~notmi't li; e droel ve .e e crably, and pulled his qiieit e riiiiii: ghr bacik upon lih? haunlicihe . 1 miswerred that it was . ..' " Are youblidund foei there? l es? Jump up.then.': I'1 give yon alift.' Ilooked:atTdT m ;he, of cours;e, as rendy for aiythinig tlhia'?svoill d seave trouble, so wse c~lamliered.up-beside the stranger. " There swas a wreek tlhere yesterdjay, I've hleard,"' said he, t?fter ; e lhad gomn a few yardsi "liniid ininqnesiand by the tale I heard, a lot of lies told." " I started. The min did not notie it, but continuied" S"Maybe youve helard:of:it.. Well$ it' c. rum world, fnd ai.flineh le?dof.lies gets told every day;nbut you don't often: get so accomplishied. aliar us.that chapg what's his .name?' Blessed if I.can tickle-it; notlitib wh?? atrit's-anthber lie, I' wager." .-.: : II. was listening.k intently?:Ha con tinued .more to'himselfthaln to us "Ani amazing liar thonglc 1[ woioder lWhat his game neas.- -It'dats ime; beats meualtogethber. The James ?'and Eliza beth,' sy?s he, asi iiage as life. I take it the fellow couldn't 'a been fooling who brought. the news to Fihnoiutl. I)idlit know hm fionm. Admsm, and was fairlly put about' when hle saw how 1 took it, rnd, says lhe,'' "twns the James .and Elizabetl thdiehhiipstaid; as sure an If stal?l lere.' floy do yoll happen to kllosw tihlo iilne of the vessel that ran aslore here,.night afore last?' I1 ladl groivi "icefistomiied to being a.ked this dreadful question, ann d therefore fnsverced as bravely as I coaid. "'l.Tlhe Janties and Elizabeth, sir." "ctaptaiin? name?" "Cplaainr'nitoniiis Merrdei-." "A1t, poorechlpl He was lyilng ielk below .aylip she struck, wusn't;hle?, And he hl n a wife abeoard, and cechUl born ot.,'eo, hbd?'ti he??. iell sick in ihe tiny o' tiEoy, ?ilte uy lhind-luitbr, didnl't he? Wh., 'tis like pliny- uciin'; dautne! 'tis bettir than tlnt.' With this the ncan burst into abollot of laughlter anid 'sliapped his thigh until Iris Ilce grer :purplo wpith mneriiment.| "What idi'e. think of it, I?y. for i rare farce? WVis ever the ]I-ee of. it heard? '(Olhptaiin Antonius Mfirrydew sick ihn ilt.: acy o' tliseuy' lio ho!t Where's ilcy-uctin' beside: ?i" t"W\asillt it true. sir?" T'rud'? iod n bless thshoy! ' Look me in "ile face; lookl me in the face, andl thtln ask me if it's .tle." '"B'r1t:why should it net be ti?.s, sir?" 'tliB.ausc I cam iCa;tait tAsitonites 1\Iebt'dewl!' f*o; tho'erst of .the jourflxey I stat sti~f?aed. Thomasibdsido me was side nivaoke arind string, 'seeing !bs way to in :adventure at last. It was I ahat dlan?ed--I heard without;cosmprdlen sltu the rest otlihe captaTn's tate: l?w he had:come! oafter a, qaick passage fromnt Ceylo, to Falunouth ;vitlt tihe lisrque Junt?s ? tod Eliiasldth, jest in -.ime to hear oi rthis mcnast?ous I1k; how lie was unmna?ied, nad never anad a d11y's ilhle.s i-n his life; ]how., suspect iig faoul play, t?e had hierd a hijrse and gig with a ld?serminiatin to delive over to Polkinirb and learn tlhe truth; show a horse amd gig were t!he mosd cursedly di?btinate of createdo things; with msat hbesides in the wvay of oathls and ej±unla.lons. All this 1 unust ass?e lihetrdl, 'for mlemory birought them balk later: butt!l did nol listen. ily life anial! cireumstancees lhad get the nipper haldl olf mnn, a.rd were dancitjng a. evil's riot. A\t llsaat.,rter much tacking and Iport isg nof lhm, we. noarigated l'olkiimbra Itill a;otlcast?anehvr before the ";Ibg gee:' Wihere we a?ghted, :thanked -the e~alitain,iand left bnm piphig all hands to the h~orse's head. 1is cheery woie: colslowdit us down to the mends. IWve f nhd determuined ito cut across Iiolliiiitra beach and climb up to Lan ;n.ig lb;y!'tleady-Moeney Cliffs, as in order iot go koing the path above the cliffs we hioulti have to, ascend Eolkimta ;IIill again. The beach was so full of horror io.nierilhat writhout a companion i ,could notha.vc crossed it; but Tom's presence lent me courage. Tom was nearer to exoeitcment than I liad ever seen tliim; lie grew voluble; praised the s'aptain; admired his talk, and declared .adven ,ure to be abroad in ,the air--niifact, threw up his head ihs though he scented ~les, adventure was in. the air -LIt vesj not exactly to my taste, however, anor did the:thought-of my poar mbother ;at' iom'e 'mane me miore sympathetie with Tom's ecstasy; so whilst- hidhait evued I. ..strode .gloomily. forward .over ,the beach.. *.jlTie day .was drawiLng..itobwardsn- oon. Oatobcr.wnas revelling in anl after-taste of:summifier, and smiled in broad glory o.ier beach aiid: sea. ' 'A 'light.breeze bore. eastwvird a few fleecy clouds, and •the waves;' danced and' murmured be-. fore its breuath.: Tlieir' salt scent was in our nostrils, aid tlhe glitter of' the -sand in our eyes. Black and sombre in the clear air, Dead Man's fock 'rose in gloomy isolation from the sea, while .the sea-birds, swcpt ina glistening cir cles round its sunmmit. But wlat was rtihat at its base?". : Seemingly; a little knot of men stood at the water's' edge. As -ve 'drew near er.I could distinguish, treir forms but aiot theii occupation, for they stood in :a circle, intent on some object in their midst, concealed .from our.view. Pre :scntly, .howevier,.they fell into-a rough line as though making for the:arellwiy to "Ready-Money Cove. Somnethtihg they cnarried- among.. thein, and .continually stooped ober; but w.hat -it wtis" I could •not see. .Their pace was .ary slow, liut they turied'into the arcih and were disappearing, whenI .ca.ught-sight of tlie. uncouatlh little figaire of~bfe -:Ro corili among the lahst, aind ain, forward, hailing-him by iname. . . '- . At the1sound idfmy voice Joe started, sti.'nd rioiuid io inde' it slo piause; 'then, with a'few wwd rds to his.neigh hbour, came squic?liYtodwirdsnie. '"As ae drew nea;, I saw .thai t hisface was white anild his i??numiedr fill of?embar rassment; .bui-h?e laut on a smile and s~pOlke lst-, "Wh'-, .isper, what be deoa' here?'V .i'm going -home. Hals Uncle Love dci secn motlic? 'A·nd is'slihe bettir?'' "Aw: iss;' hle've a seensher an' she, be quiiidtfer; ,le;istivays hlie be1boiund td do Iher. Ia power e'o good.' 'it; wvliat-be goin' hack foi:'? ,'Taint, no :ise 'letheiin' inidoors avi' your miother in thicky wisht state. :Run about an' get some play" ."'Whut v were yop doing down by the' Rock just hno, Joe?'t.: loe-hesitated for a wilhile; stammer ed.cind then said, Nutlhin." "uitJoe, Jeyou' were' doing some thing; what were you carrying over to Reaily-toney ?' ,,, - "Look-e here, myi lad, irun an' play, an' doan'Ia a.,no lquestions. 'Taint for little boys ~ to:nsx quiestionis. Now I comes'to tliink of it,; Doctor said as you was to stay over 'to Lizard Town, 'cos thoi' nin't no iiced of a passel of boys in a sick'house; so run alongiback." Jae's'voichiad icurious break in it: and '.his. whole bearing was so unac countablei that'I did not wonder when 'TIom qiietly cild- 't'Joe, you're.telling lies.". ,Now 'Jdoe:wnst in an ordinany,way, the 'soul of trutli; so I looked ifor an explosion. To 'iy surprise, however, he took no notice of tie insult, but turned agin" to me-:: S:"Jisper, lhid, run 'along back;' do'ee liowV." lHis 'oice.was so inullof entreaty that a suldden suspicioin, took hold of me. ' "Joe, is--"has aliything"hapienaed to mnothie ,." '"Noa, to be sure; she'll be. gotii' well fist enoi'glr if so' be as yor let lier be." "Then l'll go and. see.Ucle Loyeda'y, and find out.if I.am really to go back." I nmande a· motion-to go, buti hle caught me quickly by ithe iarm. "Now, Jiisper, -donn't 'ee go; runm back, I tell'ee-rul back-I tell'ee you must, go bdlk1 "o • Ris words ivere so earnest and full of, command mlat I turned round and faced mhimi. Sometlhing in his eygo filled mIe with uickening fear. ,"Joe, whalt .were you carrying?" No answer. "Joe, what ween you carrying?" SStill no ainswer; but anu appealing mnotion of the hand. J:oe, wlirit was it?" -'"Go back!" he said hoarsely. "Go bnac!" "I will not, until I lteve seen what y'ou were ecarrying." ' "Go b,?h, boy; for. od?s sake go bsck!" I wrenched myself Tfvom his grasp, and run with all spe?d. J.?ce and Tom followed nme, but fear 'gave me ~fleet· ness. "Bchind I coruld hear Joe's pant ing voice, crying, "Come backl" but tle. agony in his tone set me runnig: faster. I flew W;lrounh the archway, a?nl saw the smlll Ipeocession half wvay ncross the cove. .A't my shout they Imlted, pauseid, lrls, one or two ad aunced as if to'ettup me. But I dashed through their hflrils into their mjidst, and sna--ioil iS heavLen! W?,hat? Thle drowned face of'ny father! Tender.y ns women t?ley- li'ted ,Ie. from the body. Gently and with toai-l stiiined fnaces, ?they stood anound inmd t.riel to comfort ie. levcrehtlyt, whileJoue'l~scorl 'held' me in his sarms behiwd, tihey 'took "up the corpse of him they 'aid ?]']own aind loveld so woel, and canied itonp the clifTs of Lnntrig,' As tlhe?' lift'iir"t.he'latch anid bore thle body a?coss thIn threshold, n yell of mnniacne lmilghter ebchoed through the Icruse to the 'veryroof. .' ,..: . . . ' "And .his was my fathelr' 1Veleome lounwi" Way, 116t all; for as Uncl6 Lovedny 5aThted to his feet, thle door bClhind him tlcwIopcu,.and my mithetr, ,-i in white, I ihbIFrery mnadness ii her eyes, rusheli totlhe corpse, kndlt, cuight the dead nImal, kissed and fondled" the dead face, t?oiing· and'softly ::laughing the while i#,h it tender rapture that would have nosved hell ieself to! pit3.f - .1 this manner itwaas that these two :fotd lovers met. 'd?flAl'TER VII. ItELLTS HOW , UNCLE ,LOVEBDAY MADDE A DISCOVERY;':'AND W'HAT "TILE' BOX CONTAINED. An hour: afteruardas Ixos slttinig at the bedside of my dying mother. The sholk of" that; terrible meeting had brought her understanding -- and death; 'for-asther mind returnled her life ebbed away; : White and phlcid she lay uiion liher aInst bd, aind spoke no word;' but in )her :eyes"could be read ler death-warrant and hby3 me that ',iWhich was yet more full of angluiish, a tender but unfiding ,reproaeh.l This world , is:ull. of misunderstandings. but seldon -is- met :one so desperate. flow could I tell 'her now'? A'\nti how could site ever understand? "It was all too lata. ""T'oolate' too late!" the words haunted me theare as the bright sun struggled through the drawn bliind dnd illimiinated lar ?a;iitly face. Thley iind'the '.lobl i'n her sweet eayes have hiuinted mei maniy-a da, since, and would be with me yet, did I not be lieve. she knows the truth lt. lilst. There are ,to .miany ghosts in my me moiles for Hleaven to lightly add this one more..-? , ... She was was ?yin--slowly anid peacefully dying, and.this was the end of her. waiting. Hlie had returned at last this .husbiand. for whose eoming site had watched so long. Hie had re turned.at last, after nal;his'labour, and had lbeen laid at her feet a dead man. Shite was free to go and join her love. To me, 'chiild as I was, this was sorely cruel.: Death, as I know now, is very aneriful .'even. when lie seems most merciless, but as I sat:and watched the dear life slowly. driftitway - froin me, it wss;a hard matterto iunderstand. Thle pale sunlighrt;emne, and flicker ed, and ivent; ibut slihlay to all seem ing unclmhanged. 1Her pulse's beat was failing-- failing; ' the 'broken heart feebly struggling ti'ita rest; but liher sad eyes were-still tlhe same; apfiealing. questioiiin,; 'rebukiLg--all without hope of 'ans~wer or explanation. So vere they, wlien the sobbing fishermen lifted iher fioiti the body "so wouldl they le.until .closed for .the last sleep. .It was ,very eruel.0 . \-- Mv-fathers - body Icy - in the room beloaw wvith Uncle Loveday''and Mrs. Buiss argils 'fo?t wiatcherss sNos and again my uncle woukildosoftly stenal up stairs;'andi s'softly retutirn with iope lessness upon 'Ihis ffice: 'lThee clock dosunStairs'; gavel the ;only spund I heard, as it marked.tle, footsteps of the dark ngelr'cbriiing nearer and near er.,.. Twice my mniother's.lips parted-as if to?'peblik; lbit'though Itenit dowcn to catch herlwords,' I could hear nosoturnd. So d,a~i I ::t aid watched lier wsaxeni face.a iill theg sweet.'meinories of her caimne back in a sad, repronachful train. Once moare iwe sai t together by the 'widowaed hearth, reading; once more we stood upon the rocky edge of Pedn glas and:looked into the splendours of the summer sunset~'for fathler's shlip;" once more we knielt, together in Pol kimbra Clihurch, and prayed for his safe retuirn; oncce more I heard that sweet, low voice-once" more? Alt, never, never more! Uncle Loveday stole into the room on tip-toe, and lookedl at her; then turn ed and asked- "lIas slhe spoken yet?"' ' "No." - , ' . . ie was -about to leave hlien the lips parted again,.and this time she spoke "IIe is coming, coming. Hush! that is his-stepi". -: : , The dnark eyes were ·aliize with ex pectation; the pale cheek aglovw with hope. I bent dovwn over the bed, for: her voice wvas very low. "IIe is coming, I know it. Listen! Oh, husband, come quicker, quicker!" Alas! poor saint, the step you listen for has gone before, and is already at the gate of heaveim. L "lie is herel Oh, husband, husband, you have come for me!" A moment she sit up with arms out. stretched, and glory in her face; then fell back, and the airms that caught her were the arms of God. (To be Continued) 