Short Story. A Horrible Fright. L. T. 3IEADE, in "The Strand." I dlo't drink I am at all nervous, and, :horefore, when I Fay that I aim about Sdscribe two houlrs of absollute agoly IhopI' my reader will believe that the 1-Iri llll'mstances were at the best excep dlnal, and -will .till give me credit for s'iig at least as brave as most girls of my age. I have always despised 'so- called nerves. When a child I quite loved to sleep In the dark. At school I was the prime mover of ghost stories, and I relUember now that some of my prac tical jokes verged strangely upon the unkind and even dangerous. I have been educated quite up to modern ideas. It is only a year since I left Girton, and I am now comfortably established at home with my father and mother. I am the only daughter, and am between 23 and 24 years of age. We live in a large place about an ahour's ride by rail from Loildon. I ihave my own special horse, mdd a little pony carriage be what books I please for my own benleit, not only from ,Mudte, but fronl the loinl booksellers. I am passionately fond of innsie, and can play two or three in struments I thilnk 1 can say, willhout any false pride, that my perform:nces n bthe violin are Iut:iher better than those of most a.nant?ult. I aim tdeo great at all Idaldi of outdoor sports and games. I rll the chlallpion llayer of the tennis club to w.hlOl I belong, and I am at the present time success flly getting up a lady's golf club. In short, I think I may truly say of my self that I represent the average, ip-to date, well-educh ted, nl.ther strong. mli-deld, mne?ltaltnth-century girl. .Now, I.mnlast 'tell sNbout my fright. You can aImagine that it must have been something special to plrt me into slch a state of terror tIha't I anlifbt tlhink of it evenn now wit.lllhot illuddering. I received an britatotiOll Ilte last au tumn to go to see mny grandfather, who lives in Dublin. ·fy mother did not mpaifcularly 1.ash me to go. I really think amothem aictnt have premonitions, for' here.,was no apparent reason for my not 'taakilg lc1h a simplle and easly aooomplildhod journey. I had been abroad a good deal, and h'ad had adven tares 'more traun one; therefore, w?8on my-. mother fretted Ieneself abotit my going from London to Dublin, via Holy head, I comld not help Inalghing it lher. " . If you must go alone, Virginia," She said, -"lad you not better travel by day ?" Oh, nonsense, nonsense," I said. "I rfate traveliug by day, particularly by a route ?wlhbh I already know. Besides, it is suoh a waste of time. At "ight onejcaa sleep and'travel together. Oh: say no more about it dear, good mother. I'll take the night mal frot Euston, this evening, and have break fast with 'grandfather in tile morning." 'My mother made no 'further remon stranoes, but I heard lIer sighing In the most aggravating style, and I knew she wads. munmurling to herself about my headbtrongneas and how I never would listen to reason ,, - ".Nothing makes me so obs?inafe as those nutttered rmonstrannces of my relatives. Are they a;fald of me. '.tl?t tihey don't speak oat ? I anm always almenable to reason, but whenll people mutter over me, then I become ihully mulltal. I adore my dear motler, .but even for her I cannot be expected to give iup my own way whlen I hear her muttering that it .s "Just like Vir 6glia." !lMy:thihlga were packed, and I started off in good'tinee to catch tile night mail at Evston. " You had better go In one of the ladies' carriages," said nmy fatiler. I quite 'gasped in horror when lie made this audacitous propsnal. " Now, do you suppose I am likely to do anythtng quite so old-maidish ?'! I replied. "No, I have flied on the exact conner where I shall sno?oe away fromn ETishon to Holyliead." I led my tflther, as I 'spoke, to a ctmrin?ge where two old gentlemen had already 'comfortably es tablishedt themselves. They had spread out their rugs, and taken complete pos session of the corners whicl were out of the draugt. I was oblivious to draughts, and dbose my corner opposite the' old gentleman who was nearest to the entranoe door. My father supplied me with three or four evening papers. I tiad an uncut novel In my bag, cand a little reading-lamp, which I could fasten to the window ledge. Two 'or three moments later I ilad said farewell to Imy father, and the great express- the Wild Irish Girl--had steamed in grand style out of the station. I like the feelilng of iling nwhried thro?gh space in 'an express train going at the top of its speed. I looked at tlhe evening papers. Their cortents did not spec ally Interest me. I then gazed 'et my opposite neighbou~r. He was very strent and very red, He tucked his tra veiling rug tigihtly about him, and be. fore we had pansod Willesden wns filnt asleep. He made a distressing nolse with his loud snores, 'and I thought hlim deoodedly lrritltting. For a moment or two I alnmost regretted thamt I had not gone in ant empty ladies' a·rriage. The tlher old .gentlemanu was 'scarFely a amore agroable travelling companlon. Hie hlad a'noisy cough, d a bad cold, 'e blew his nose, and be coughed about every two minutes, and then he looked around hlm to see if there were any possible dranghts. He not only shut his own window but the ventilator above as well, and then he glared at the ventilator whleh belonged to the snoring old gentleman and me. I made up my mind that that ventilator should only be shut over my fallen body. The express went on its way without let or hindrance. Now and then it swayed from side to side, as if its own' great speed were mlaking it giddy; then again it steadied Itself, and rushed on snadl on with a rhythmic sort of motion, 'whIich was Inflnllely soothing, and canted me to forgot my two uninter-' cotlng companioas, and to sink grada allys into the land of dreans. I was awakenlned presenltly from qulite a sound nap by ttlhe slowilnig of the train. It was comlinlg into a great siation, whichl I foUnlld was Chesteri. We must Ihave passed Cro'e'vwhlio 1 was asleep. My 'two coniauionsla were now all alive anid rinsk. They wero fastenling ip thelr riugs and foldlng their:papers, and I saw that ithey Intended to leave the train, " If you are going on Ito Holyhead," sanl the snoring one to me, "yeo have utll mintes to wait hbore-quite time to Cget'a Ciii of tea, if you want one." I I 'thanked himn, and tilhought that I1 rwonold carry his suiggestion into effect A. cup of ten wollil he perfect, and wrould set ne aip for the remaninder of iaY Jonrney. I accordingly stepped on Sthe platform and went over tile irldgo to the great waltlng-rooms, Ihleht presented at thils time a gay lcone of eagor,tlatngry, fussy men and n '.altti' ng at' iblIg, and 4tandly at coauners. earth and all of them enting anld drinking for bare life. I ordered my tea, (dl-nk it standing at the counter, paid for it, and also for a bun, wlhich I earried away wfth me in a Ipaper bag, and returned to my carriage. I saw a lheap of rugs and a large black bag deposited In the corner away tfrom mine, and wondered with? a faint patning curloc-ity who my new travellng compn:niohi was likely Ito ie. 'Trte garmtd came up at this moment to oseo f I were comnfotatble. HIe asid that we would not stop again until we reachlled Ilolyhod, and atked me if I ,waunted for amytuhing. I said " No." "Perfhaps you'd like me to lock the carriage door, miss ?" he said. " The train d? not too full to-night, and I can manage It." I laughed and lolated to the rugs and bag in the oppiulte corner. " Somebody 'has ahlready taken posses slon," I aied. " But 'if you'wish, aonls, I'll put those things In another carriage," said the guard. "No, no," I aepiled, " I don't- mnnd company in tohe least." Suet then my fellow-traveller puit In ala opprauntee. He oys a. big inam, wrapped up in a great 'tlatter anld with a mlltiler roinad his throat tand mouth. The guard luooked a't him, I thought, a little suspiclously. 'tIas mallte me ntgry. I drt l a ei no pa;ti lL-e wilth those on or n. ýntrr7 a°swlt oheerful, made way for the traveller to take his seat, anid smiled atrd tharnked the guard. A Ilonledt later the train storted oat its way. We bad just got. well outslide the station, when the gentlemanl in the ul alter and mufllor carefully unwound the latter aippendage from his mouth and throat. lie folded it ulp neotly, and put it Izto his black bag. Afterwaa'ds he took off his ulster. I now saw that lihe was a falrly good- looking man of about elghtend-twenty. IIe wore a fuill moustache of raven bhue, and a short beard, He had very black a'nd piercing eyes. Wihen I looked at him I dis coverted hat he also looked at mne. " Now, are you getting nervous, Virh ginia, or are you not ?" I nutrmured to myself. " Whiy may..not a man look at a girl,lf 'he pleases ? There s an 'old proverb that ia cat may look at a king. Lot nteeUpploe, therefore, that the man. opipltse is a w"ell- growtn and present able cat, amnd thtat Ii am 'his Majesty the king. ithe eat may stare as long lis he please". The king will not disturb himnself." Aecordingly I prepared .to light my reandlig lamp, as I knew thalt I could not possibly fall asleep under the gaze of those wnathf'ul, dark eyes. I had just settled myself comfortably, tlad 'had 'taketu my uincut novel out of my bang, when the stranger spoke to me. " Do you object to, my opening ihe witndow ?" he asked. "",Certi'ultly not." I replied. I gave him n distant little bow, which mwas nitentt to say thant the -ca Ut Itt keelt its distallce, and lowered lmy eyes over-the fascinating pages of my novel. DThe traht was now golug at at n attlitg paoe, undlI femnd that the draught from the open window was ra:ther more ltha I cared to be, sulbjecte(Lp.i ,. hTaljdst ralsed my. hiead, iaLtd ivan aiholt to'- nsk my tlraeilling conipa?nloU if lihe wotlld be kitlll enough to close it. when T: timet n sight which gave tme thie fitlI pIniaoli tlone of that dinrror which 'this story is meaot 'to des~erlb. TI'he itlan in lthe 61i posite conner nhad i opened his black hag, and ta?ken from itl a pair of lhtrge, siltarp.looktlng scissors. intad 'aleo it ralor. Wihen I glanmeeld at htln lie dl,:tl oipened the rzalz, ndl was gently and dexter otisly sha-lpelnitg it. on a leather strop whichli h had fastened to one of the buttltns of. the window. Hie mnet my eye as I met ihIt, and smtiled grilly. I felt hmat a asituation of some sort was Imnlinent,'and, closing my book, sart per-fectly still with aniy handA tightly locked together n:tnd my heart beating loudly. The light from the reiading hamp fell full ullon me, and I turned abruptly nid 'lput it out. "I will lthnik you to light that -lamp aglin," said the stranger. "Do so. at oance--there Ic no time to lose." " I don't undit-tuteand you," I said. I tried to 'lmake my voice imperious and ,haiugity, but-.I was terribly con scolous that it oanme, out of my throat in little gasps and jerks. " Now, look here," 'said the man. "I know you are frghtenedl, and I am not I? the lealst' surp?pised. I" should be ftighteaned if I were in your poosition. You are alone in a railway carraige with a man wiho could strangle you and throw your dead body on the line if he fell the least Inclined to do so. No, no -you don't get to the alarm bell. I ann keeping guard over that. Now, I may as well tell you fraankly that I have come into this railway carriage on pur pose to hbve the pleasure of your so dcety. I saw you got Into the carriage sit .Euston, and I knew that you would be alone whan you .got to Chester. From Chester- to IIolylSead is a long run. The tuai?n Is now comfortably on Its way, and will not stop for nearly two amhts. You see, T'herefore, thnat you are comnpletly at my' mercy. Your only dhatae of safety is in doing exactly whait I tell you. Now, have lie good noe~s to libght tha't' reading lamp Imme dittely. - lThe stranger's vole wnes inperloram lbaikiag flngem and fastined it to iec oppolsite mine. 'Is restless, brilliant eyes were fixed full on my face. " Light the lamp," the said. I olyed hmhn wt;hout a moment's lami 'iatiot. WVh?n I ,had lit it le took It from my Shaklcing fingem and festened t? to the oushion of the seat ha the centre of the coran'rlge. "'flitht h bditat," he said, "that' is' more dhlcorful. Now, see, I am going to kneel down, Look at my face. Can you see it well ?" " Yes," I answered. " I bhrve agood deal of balr, hnven't I 7" "You have," I repled. " Do you see thiL par of sdsors 1" " A this innr 1 " Toeytre deadly wsepons, are they hot 7" "'Tlhey could do misoheh," I aeswer ed in a faltertng voice. "Ay, an?, they could--and theoy. will, tio, umlensn oea'tfin young lady does exadtly uthnat she is told. Now, oome the moment foar eaction has arrivled tne youlr gloves off." I healIated. "'Take them off," thlnmdered the man. They were olf In a twinklfng. " Come up dos, snd begin." " Begin what 1" "Don't be a fool. You Ihave plenty of iatollgolnce If you dlooseo to exeracde it. Ctt off mny molaetache." I drew liack. "I don't know how." I falterel " I'll soon teach you." " How, pray ?" I aSked. "3'ax hltapenisng ulast razor a lmtc more. Now, are you going to try ? Take the ecasor in your hand." He knelt s that thbe light of the lamp Should fall foal on him, and gave me the scissote. I took It at once and be gan my task. " Hold my chtn," be said. " You can't do your work properly In that ?baky way. Cut, I say-c--ut" I did cut-CGod alone knows how I managed it but I got the man's thick and sweepling tinonstiche off. As I worked he gave me imperious direc tions. " Cut clean," he said, "' cut close and clean. You will have to shave me pre se?tly." "'That will be very dangerous for you," I ventured to retort. " Fudge," he replied. " You will be codl enough by that time. Now, is the moustache all gone 1" "Yes," 1 said. C Out the whiskeors off." " No," I answered. " Yes." he replied. He fixed his eyes on me, and I obeyed him. The whiskers were followed by the beard-the beard by the hair on the ma's head. How my fingers aehod I How my heart thlumped ! How those basllsk eyes seemed to pierce through me, and fill Ine with sick loathLng and abject horror i When T mrad flnairthed the entting pro css lhe took from the depthe of 'his bnyg anti dmiredl ele to shave him. I wan mow contmpletely meek and subdued, and obeyed his least direction without a word. Fortunaately for the n.man's life I had on one or two occasionu lerfornmed this opel??ion on nmy brother, who itruglt me ihbw to manage the razor, and complimented me on my skill. It came to my odd now. Nowitaltitateling inte slakIng tMttn and the agitated state of my nerves I performed my task well. I oven hecame, in the quee'rest way, prould of my seooes~sftl shaving. The man's dheelds and ulpper lip looked as innoonut of hair es a baby's before I haid done with thim. At hadt my task was done, and a dhaveu, imenortfh object took the place of the 'handsome stranger who had co'le into the tratu an hob r ago. W:hl nt mtiy work was over he tiooped. collected every scrap of hair, atnd flung It out of the window. Then Ile slut the window and told me to put out the roadhig lamitp. I clceyed, amd cer ocheod hack In my 'corner, trembling in every limb. " You have only one more thing to do for me," he said. " Oh, is bhere any more ?" I panted. " I don't think my strength will hold out." "Yes. It will," he repledl. "This pnat of your la?k Is easy. Turn your head and look out of the windotw. Don't look nback again under any car eunatlean?x until I give you leave. If you do youl are a dead woman." I turnaed my head. I looked out Itnto the 'black night My eyes were 6swmlIntIitg-tLly threat was dry, my heart cotrrstled to thump h'orrIbly. I felt tlmlt I llhd already lived through a lifetime. I had a kind of sensation thait I ahould never have courage and 'htoyaney of heart again. 'Dhe tmn!h wenlt on the way, them tlog and boandilng. I heard the rustle of my companioan's movemen?tt. Was he a nnattdman ? Yes, of coierse, he mutet be u?nal. Wale lie stealing steaolthtly iup now to 'murder me with that shard p and sahinnlg razor ? Would the train ever reach Its d-esstl'nutlon ? Would • the dlreadfltl nlight ever go ? At ,aist-it last, thaumk heaven, I felt the Imtttioan of lhe great express per rel:atialy d:i'eknicng. At the same hn ttanlt inty feilow-i?rverler spoke to me. " Yout can look round now," le said. " Your tahk is over. All you have to do is :to give tme five minutes' grace, and yoll are safe." I looked round eagerly. What I Eatw forcel a loud exclaiation from my lilo. T'le inleda.norphosis of my conm pla.:aon wos now fully accomplished. Ain elderly clergyman, ,in complete and most correct cldeicl costume, was seated at the other end of the carriage. 'hle hair whlch was seen below his hat was silvery white. He had white eye brows. The rest of his face wals clean shaven. The tra;in drew into the station. The moment It did so the clergyman flung open the door of the carriage. He took off his hat to m? e with a gracious nlovelnieat. " lened'idlte," he said In a full and reveretot voice. I saw hin no more. A momnetnt lator two detectlves came tiup to the door. They asked eagerly If I were travelling alone, or if I had bad a oompllmion w~th a black moustoche and beard. I was positively too much stunned to re'ply to them. I don't think, to this dcay, my elderly clergyman was ever discovered. 