Mosman Wesleyan Church. Laying the Foundation Stone. What may be regarded as one of the most interesting functions held during the sessions of Conference, took place at Mosman on Wednesday, March 7th. On that occasion the formal ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the new church was performed by His Excellency Sir Frederick Darley, Chief Justice and Lieutenant Governor of 'Wow finnf.Vi in f.Vin rtroaannQ nf a. large gathering of ministers and friends. The President of the Conference (Rev. W. H. Beale) occupied the chair, and on the platform were Sir F. Darley, Revs. E. J. Rodd, Dr. Moulton, R. Bavin. J. W. Dowson, and H. C. Foreman, B.A. (minister of the Mosman Circuit). The building is a church hall and as require ments demand, a new church will be erected, and the building at present being erected will become the school. It is being built to designs kindly given by Mr. P. N. Slade, by Mr. John Ewait of Mosman. The building will be opened for worship about the middle of April. The proceedings were opened by devotional exercises by the Revs. R. Bavin and H. C. Foreman, after which the chairman said he was pleased to think that during his occupancy of the Presidential chair he should be called upon to preside at such a function. He congratulated the Mosman Circuit on having within the first year of its existence commenced building its church. It was the baby of the conference, yet it was receiving a permanent name and habitation. On behalf of the trustees and officials of the church he extended a hearty welcome to Sir Frederick Darley, and also on their behalf presented him with a silver trowel as a memento of the event. Sir F. Darley who was received with acclamation, then declared the stone well and truly laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. He said he attended with feelings of great pleasute and interest. The erection of a church was one of the first visible indications of the growth of a district and that one should prove of consider able advantage to the people of Mosman. No doubt the Wesleyan community would soon replace the present structure which he was given to understand would be eventually used as a school, with a larger building. He thanked them for the honour conferred upon him in being asked to lay the foundation atone and again wished the church every success. The Rev. E. J. Rodd hoped they would be allowed to regard the presence of Sir F. Darley as a testimony to the value of churches as factors in the well 1 being of society. He represented the law of the land which law was the basis of society and the bond holding it together. Rev. W. G. Taylor gave some figures as to the growth and development of NEW WESLEYAN CHURCH, MOSMAN. Methodism in New South Wales. He had been asked to state that the church when completed would cost between £950 and £1000. He appealed for liberal help in the collection that would be taken up. A collection having being made by which a substantial sum was realised, on the motion of Dr. Moulton, seconded by Mr. S. H. Gannon, a vote of thanks was accorded to Sir Frederick Darley for his attendance. This vote of thanks Sir Frederick Darley briefly acknowledged. The proceedings closed with the benediction by the chairman. At 6 p.m. a grand tea was served in a monster marquee erected on the ground. ? About 300 sat down to tea. On every ; hand kind expressions were heard as to the high character of the banquet pro vided. In the evening a great public meeting was held under canvas, presided over by Mr. Dugald Thomson, M.L.A. Addresses were given by the chairman, Rev. W. Woolls Rutledge. R. Bavin, and H. C. Foreman, B.A. The Centenary Hall orchestra contributed a fine musical programme. The enthusi astic meeting closed at 9.15 p.m. with the benediction. The day's proceedings realised almost £50, and the Mosman friends confess it was the brightest, gladdest day in their history. 