ONE THING AND ANOTHER A Grecian lady rejoicing in the name of Vasiliki Calliandji, and who resides at the village) of Corinth, in her native land* is a. veritable giant in stature. She is nearly St't. "uriflilwltt:' with--hands and-feet of enormous dimensions, and eyes that are us Isirtyo, as liens' eggs. Iliis lady is only 22 veavS of« "iVfre, anil thus far Inn cscaped tfie v;ile3 of circiis managers ami.agents for dime 11111 seilins. One of the small 'India)', elephants at the London Zoo lindi.'i<; a little hole in the brick work of his house', thouirht it Would be, a rather <^ood joke to throw the wall down, and placed one of his tusks in the crevice. A mighty effort left th• - wall comparatively uninjured, but broke off three or i'mir niche? of ).:iy lord's tusk. Mr. ' I'artiett thereupir. had to fake off an equal length of the other tusk, and this be did with a saw, while one keeper held the beast by the ear and another t'luiotly talked to him about his rowdy eon duet. The term "dark horse,' now so common in itical phraseology, js supposed to luwo 11 taken from the following passage in J)i?rnoli's» novel, " The Young Duke," publish ed in the early thirties:—"The fir^t favorite was never heard of, the second favorite i\ws never seen after tlie distance post, and nil the ten-to-oners were in thi rear, and a dark horse which ha.'l never iieen thought of,, and wl'.ic h the careless Sir James had never even observed in the list, rushed past the praud stund in swooping triumph." Experiments in .France have shewn tlv.it chimney soot is valuable, both as a manure and as. an .insecticide.. ]!= £erti]isins .proper ties are particularly noted in gardens and meadows. AT. ,M. .Uassere, .» .wine-grower in southern Prance, a\ers that "uhiirincy ;soot kills the phylloxera with the rapidity.-;oi' a stroke of lightning', and at the same time endows the vines with extraordinary- energy of growth." Other experimenters, however, have not found it effective in the-case of phylloxera, although it kills many kiwis of larvae. , . A v.'imicii'a society which exists i;s New York fc:r the purpose of political study is seriously discussing the question ol' having a. new '.'round recognised for diyorce-r-Uiinie :ly; gotf. They ■■ all ego that, linvuy Irasincss .men, whose only off-days lire' SaUirdajn" and Sundays, spend these days at their gcli-club-V -and -are; practically lost ^oithrir.^jini^e,?. An ingenious address,"was. recently placed^ on a letter forwarded- t.v -Knglnnd. from rictennaritzhurg by a private in the Kas-t Surrey Regiment. The letter--he-re- on the envelope the presentment of a wheel followed, by the. letter 11. Then the picture of a cot tage. I!e;:i-ath was a roughly-drawn bridge to which led a road flanked by trees. Finally, there w:w the head of a young woman. The' postman !o"k the letter rightly to T>ir. Whee ler, I F.hh-r Cottage, 3!i idge-road, Maiden head One r.f the fumiie-t, but at- the same time niu-L awkward. things that over happened to Mrs. lirowii-I'otter occurred when she was I ];iyi>)lt "'Frou-Frou" in .America. She was a iitti" late (in coinon for one of her finest wi'iii's, and. seeing the chilli, as she thought, uniting as usual tor her to take her on and show it lo its reputed father, site caught hold ■ t the child's hand, rushed on. and delivered her lines, whieh called the attention of the acl'>r to the child i f their mutual love. To Mrs. J.irown-I'o' ter's astonishment (says "Woman's Weekly"; the audience burst into a perfect shout of laughter: she had brought on the wronir child, a necro of the very black out 1.-;,,,] A Uavarian named Frankenbttrg, who has iu.Ht been sentenced to two aiul a. lialf years' hard labor by the Assize Court at f!rutz. ap pears to held the record tV>r the immher ofiiis matrimonial engagements. For a considerable lime he had existed by swindling women to whom lie represented himself as a rieii man in search . f a wife. He received large numbers u' replies to his advertisements in the news papers, and Ins plan was to engage himself to all the ladies, who were suiiieiently well gar nished with ready cash, borrow iroia them, and decamp. lie was finally denounced by one of his victims. At. the trial he admitted tun ing been engaged to no less than 120 women in all classes ol' society. The "New York Journal" tells a voracious story about a Minneapolis widow who hired a room lor her husband's ghost, an idea fitig ge.-ted, as she says, "by the thought that my husband"* spirit shared the rooms with me. This made me very happy at lirst." The pleasing fane}-, however, was dispelled by a more material acquaintance, formed with n physician oi tlie city. "Gently, kindly," says tin- widow, "he drew from me the story of my spirit house. 'It is your duty, dear, to turn your attention to the living, and let the dead go.' he said. So I have given up the house and instead of mourning longer over a dead husband, I am going to be happy with a living one." The prcacher (writes a correspondent of the "Daily News") put the matter plainly—"[lis mother and my mother were sisters." 1 was speaking to the Uev. J. -Maedoaald (r*f the ITee Chdjoh, Dornoch, Sutherlandshire). and he was wpeakinp of General Hector Macdouald. \Vc were chatting- in the vestry of the Scottish National Church, On-cut Garden, where my companion had just conducted, before a con gregation that included one kilt and one red coat, a Gaelic service. "When I was at the ; Inverness Koyil Academy," he proceeded, "my cousin i.Mme. to me and tried to induce me to join the army. I told him I preferred the swojd oi" the spirit.'* The ilcv. ,1. SSacdoYiald, so far as physique <joes\ would have mad" an e\rel!ont soldi'.'r. He is slightly taller than * i'ijfUtinlt Mae," whom he resembles. 15ut ho wi-ars <_rla.-sj3 which imj>;ii t a lludvanl Kip lin.L' t'-uch to his appearance. Noting my ii: b-re.-t in the her«.i<: kinsman, lie v-uk-hsnU'd more reminiscences.—"Last year you remem ber, he went, w.-rth with Sir IK-nry Irving, to Sjet his KL.D. Afterwards 1 asked hiei how l.e had IVIt in the to^n. 'Very much like a las-ic he replied." Thru a^aiu—"Hector is a jLrreat believer in rclis*i«m. 1 don't know where he r-tuwls himself, but he is not opposed to it in any way." "Did you and he evAr ha\e a wrestler" 1 ventured to inquire, thinking thr two would have made a fair match. "Only m ari'ir.ueni.." wjh the >mi!ii:n* seply, "and he can hold his own splendidly in a diseu-;s:ou. .Mv metlier is a second mother to him, his own bein<r dead, and In* always snernis his holidays •I-.nuggestwl-that one di-riml 11 good idea of iiis cousin's character from Mr Tm-inas Coiit'i»sis •'iMojrrajiUy. "All! ' replied the Itev. .f. liacdonald, ''that is a very, nice nook.'' A surgeon in a loiter home-, after describing a tight near ltoodeval, -says:—"At night I wont t<• the camp, and found on (lie outposts tour men sittiusr round a fire. I discussed their firing in the morning with one of the men, who took my criticism very nicely,, and he turned out to be—Kitchener!" 