MR. ATKINS : EPICURE. When "Tommy" comes marching home again he may astonish his adoring wife by calling for strange dishes, dishes he has tasted or heard of in South Africa. It is scarcely probable that a meal of caterpillars will appeal to him, however. The Kaffirs at the repulsive creatures with relish, collecting them by the hundred from the trees and eating , them much in the same way as people in England eat uncooked shrimps. Ostrich eggs and ostrich steaks not even the most willing housewife can procure in' our country, though in South Africa both are considered, and with justice, nice and dainty dishes. If his sojourn down South teaches "Tommy" the value of good coffee, he will be a lucky man. In his English, home he rarely finds any, encouragement to drink it; the weak, tasteless liquid that is set before him is coffee only in name. in South Africa coffee is the universal beverage. It is made without the addition of chicory, and is so vitalising that no other drink, and most certainly no nine-hole one, can touch its beneficial qualities. The Boers and Kaffirs do not care for fresh milk, and even feed their infants on sour milk, which they consider nutritious. Unlike an English house keeper, who does all she can to keep the supply of milk in her larder sweet, a Kaffir expedite the passing of its freshness by pouring it into a special kind of large guard, which possesses the quality of "turning" the milk very quickly. With various kinds of game "Tommy" will no doubt become acquainted. The "dikes" is the gourmets best beloved form of bustard, while the "pains," or great bustard, is the largest. It 's a bird that weighs at its finest up to 701. Hares are held to be unstable by the Boers, Kaffirs, and Hottentots, because in his body are supposed to reside the spirits of the departed. * No man would care to dispose of his deceased grand- mother's ghost at the festive board. Even his mother-in-law's might not prove palatable The fact that English folk eat hares is only one more proof of the weird behaviour of the Uitlander. One kind of hare, the" Bpringliaan," certainly acts as if he were a speak, by hopping about with a kangaroo-like movement at night only. In the day he is as if he were not. Some districts in which our soldiers are now located are famous for their beef, but in other parts such meat is in fnT v, XryV while East and soon form the staple roasts. A slice of Angora is a good course at dinner or supper, "the steamer MT? '" Some amazement an English restaurant proprietor might evince if he were asked for two or three of the more extraordinary, dishes commonly eaten in South Africa. Antelope is one of these . another is the "khpspringer," or South African chamois, the flesh of which is the very daintiest of venison. 