JUBILEE A.B.M. The Bishop of Tasmania arrived on Wednesday, 16th ult., by the 'Pateena,' and was met by the Eev. Evelyn Snodgrass, who accom panied his Lordship to Bishopsoourt. About fifty of the metropolitan clergy assembled in the afternoon to meet the Bishop, in response to the kind invitation of the Bishop of Melbourne and Mrs. Goe. After afternoon tea a drawingroom meeting was held. In introducing the Bishop of Tasmania, our own Bishop praised his enthusiastic ardour in the great cause, and strongly recommended the clergy to devote offerings on Mission Sunday to the Jubilee Fund. The Bishop of Tasmania then reminded his hearers that the mission charge did not rest upon one, or a few texts, but upon the spirit of both the Old and New Testaments, for every writer in the New Testament was a missionary. He then urged that what was needed was that the clergy should be converted themselves to the cause, and then their congregations would be inspired too. He recommended the more earnest reading of periodicals, and then sketched the programme for the Jubilee week. On Thursday, at the invitation of Janet Lady Clarke, a meeting of ladies only was held at ' Cliveden' at 3.30 p.m., when over one hundred ladies assembled to hear an address by the Bishop of Tasmania, who urged upon them the duty and privilege of taking an interest in missions. He reminded them there were difficulties to be faced, but a true living faith in God the Holy Ghost would overcome them all. Mrs. Ivens, who has lately returned from New Guinea, gave a most instructive and inspiring account of some of the work there. Several offers of assistance and assurances of interest were given by various ladies at the close of the meeting. At eight p.m. the Chapter-house was fairly filled by a most repre sentative gathering from all the missionary organisations of the diocese. The weather was most unpropitious, and it speaks volumes for the devotion of the people of Melbourne that such a number could be gathered together on such , a night. The Bishop of Melbourne, who was in the chair, introduced the Bishop of Tasmania in a short speech, directing the attention of those present to the facts of missionary enterprise throughout the world, and reminded them that it was the bounden duty of the people of Australia to evangelise the heathen within their borders. Neglect of this duty there had been ; but now all that was over, and increasing interest was being exhibited. He commended the Jubilee movement to all present. The Bishop of Tasmania said he recollected six years ago addressing a similar audience in the Chapter-house. What a change since then ! Melanesia revived by its vigorous young bishop; New Guinea created; Bellenden- Ker brought into existence; Northern Australia — then unmentioned — now the new see of a missionary bishop. At some length the speaker referred to an article in the Intelligencer on 'The King's Highway,' and then alluded to the want of romance about our missions to people without a past or a literature, but still needing Christ. In the South Seas we are behind other Christian bodies, but in Africa far before them. The Bishop then sketched the encouragements and difficulties of the African mission problem, and then talked about the details of the Jubilee. i The Rev. Canon Godby proposed a vote of thanks to the Bishop of Tasmania, during which he gave a concise history of the founding of the various missions of Australasia. The Rev. A. C. Kellaway seconded the motion, and drew attention to the enormous field still untouched by Christianity. What we need is more prayer, more direct instruction, more almsgiving to this Special purpose. The Hon. Dr. Embling proposed a vote of thanks to our own Bishop for presiding, and the proceedings were brought to a close by the Bishop of Melbourne pronouncing the Benediction. The collection at the close of the meeting, and a few offerings made at 'Cliveden,' amounted to about £20. 