Christ, the Lord of the Sabbath. A paper read by Rev. H. AV. T. Fincombe at the monthly Ministeis' Meeting. Centenary Hall, February 5th. The object of this paper is to discuss only a very minor branch of the Sabbath question — it is intended only to show the groundlessness of the contention of Seventh Day Adventists, that Christen dom is in grave error in observing the first instead of the seventh day of the week as its day of rest and worship. Trivial as their contention is, it is not one to be regarded with indifference. Its tendency is to leave Christendom ?without any day guarded by law from secular pursuits. It3 advocates cannot hope to substitute, by law, the seventh instead of the first day of the week, and hence the tendency of their movement is only destructive of a sacred and very necessary institution. Nor is it a thing to be lightly regarded, that members of churches should have their attention diverted from essential truth and practi cal godliness by an agitation about an institution of religion, in order that they may be drawn away from the churches in which they have received God's saving grace, and be won over to a most re actionary and extremely narrow sect. THE LIXE OF ARGUMFNT . which we take up is, that Christ is Lord of the Babbath, and to us as loyal Chris tians, the Sabbath must be what Christ has made it. Christ is 'the Author and Finisher of our Faith ' in relation to the Sabbath as well as all things else our faith includes, and His Sovereign Will, however rnado known to us, is our only obligation respecting it. This argument ia BROADLY AND FIRMLY BASED on Christ's own words, ' The Sabbath was made for man and not man for the Sabbath,' therefore the Son of Man is Lord even of the Sabbath. Mark ii. 27-28.' The Pharisees had accused the disciples of Christ of breaking the Sab bath law because they had plucked ears of corn and rubbed them in their hands to extract the grain wherewith to appease their huDger. Christ exonerated his disciples from all sin in. what they had done, on various grounds, but chiefly on the ground that He, their Muster, was Lord of the Sabbath. He had seen what they had done and had not re proved them, and if He, ' Lord of the . Sabbath,' justified them, who could condemn ? His will respecting the Sabbath was the sole and supreme law for His disciples. Christ's claim to be Lord of the Sabbath, apparently smote the Pharisees with dumb strprise, for there with their wordy strife ended ; and when understood in the light of His explanation of it, and applied in its far reaching consequences, it will silence also the contention of all Seventh Day Sabbatarians who have any ordinary mental comprehensiveness. HOW IS CHRIST LORD OF THE SABBATH ? On the distinctly specified grounds of the character and design of the Sabbath. ' He said the Sabbath was made for man and not man for the Sabbath therefore,' for these reasons, on these grounds, ' the Son of Man is Lord even of the Sabbath.' The Sabbath did not come down to us as an eternal obligation in all worlds, but was originated and for this world only. In contrast to principles of eternal right and common to all creation, it is but temporal and local, and hence subjective. Purely moral laws which are hot made but spring out of the Divine character, and not local but applicable to all creatures from the highest to the lowest capable of their observance, are immutable as God Hirn Belf, but the Sabbath having been made and made for man, is entirely subject to the will of Him who made it. Its Maker must be its Lord. And the Sabbath was net only made . and made for man but in the interests of man — not for its own sake but for man's sake. The Jews had come to look upon it as an institution to which they should . sacrifice and be sacrificed. They would have had the disciples to suffer hunger rather than they should pluck ears of corn and rub them in their hands to supply their^ pressing need, but in making the Sabbath for man God designed not sacrifice from man but mercy to man. As an institution designed in the interests of man it is clearly subject to the will of the Son of Man, the Divine Administrator of all things affecting man's well-being. Because of these things the Son of Man is Lord even of the Sabbath. Christ's lordship of the sabbath absolute. Christ could not have claimed a more absolute Lordship of the Sabbath than he did. What greater authority over it could he have asserted than the right to justify the action of His disciples on the ground that he was its Lord '? His claim was nothing less than that even had His disciples sinned in relation to the Sab bath, he had all authority as Lord of the Sabbath to declare them 'not guilty,' for it was for Him to bind or to loose the Sabbath law. Christ could do with the Sabbath and make of it what ever seemed to Him right and good. He could mould it in all things accord ing to His good pleasure. He could determine what use should be made of it ; what significance should be attached to it ; what it should memorialize — creation, preservation, or redemption ; when it should be observed — on the seventh, the first, or any other day of the week ; what should be the manner of its observance, and even whether it should be at all observed or put aside as an institution which His dispensation did not require. He did change it in many respects, and notably in respect of tbe day of its observance. And all these changes were valid because he had absolute authority over the Sabbath. Christ's plan of revealing kis will in relation to the sabbath. So far as we know, Christ did not in any formal teaching to His disciples make known His will respecting the changes He effected in the Sabbath, but he may have done so, and in view of their ready acceptance of those changes, notwithstanding their Jewish training and consequently strong pre judices in favour of the old order of things, it is highly probably that he did so. He may during his public ministry, afber some of his many controversies with the Pharisees on this subject, have informed his disciples more fully on this, as he certainly did on some other subjects. After his resurrection ' he was for forty days seen of his disciples and speaking to them of things pertain ing to the kingdom of God.' — Acts i. 3. And as even then the first day of the week was specially observed by his disciples, one of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God of which he spoke to them, may have been its weekly festival. Christ revealed his will in relation to the Sabbath in a much more effective way than by formal lessons of in struction. His plan was to keep the Sabbath in his own way and at his own time, leaving his disciples an example that they should follow in his steps. Apparently, he sometimes did certaiu things on the Sabbath, chiefly to arouse the erroneous prejudices of the domi nant religionists of the time in order that he might have an opportunity of giving them light in their darkness. In this way he taught his will as to how the Sabbath should be observed, and in a very analagous, indeed almost exactly the same way, he taught his will as to what day should be observed, not by words of which we have any record, but by actions — by actions of such significance that their meaning could not well be either misapprehended or ignored. CHRIST INrRODUCED THE SPECIAL OBSER VANCE OF THE FIRST DAY OF THE WEEK by his rising from the dead on that day. His resurrection as the Saviour and giver of eternal life to men was the most blessed fact in all the history of our race, and could not fail to mark the day of its occurrence, as the best of all days, and cause it to be called preemi nently ' honourable and a delight.' \ The day prior to His resurrection, the Jewish Sabbath was a day of gloom arid darkness indescribable. Even to the enemies of Christ it was a day of brood ing horror, for present to their minds must have been his words of warning and of doom, accentuated by the ap palling portents accompanying his death. To the disciples and the multitudes who had followed him and hoped in him it was a day of ruined prospects and blighted hopes, of crushed affection, broken hearts and blank despair. For ever it remains in memory a day closely connected with the awful tragedy of the world's greatest crime. These things had emptied that day of all its ancient sacredness and beauty and pleasantness, but the first say of the week inherited all the seventh had lost — and a hundred fold added of significance and honor. Henceforth the first day of the week would stand as a memorial of a spiritual, far greater than that of the material, creation of the glorious rest of the Son of God after triumphing over his foes and ours, of the firmly laid foundation of the Kingdom of God on earth and the clear shining upon the intelligence and hopes and fears of men, of life and immortality, for ' Christ arose the first fruits of them that slept,' Rightly the bright and blessed first day of the week was soon called, not the Sabbath, not even the Christian Sab bath — terms now used for it, but of very doubtful propriety — but the Lord's Day — the most appropriate, the most attractive, and the most inspiring of all names for it, for all to whom the Lord is precious. CHRIST ESTABLISHED THE SPKCIAL OBSER VANCE OF THE FIRST DAY OF THE WEEK by honouring it as the day for union and communion with His disciples and sending upon them the richest blessings of His grace. It is surely a very signifi cant fact that we nave no record of any occurrence on tbe seventh day, during alMhe forty days our Lord remained on earth after His resurrection, whilst it is recorded that He appeared repeatedly to His disciples assembled in His name on the first day of the week. Why the distinct and careful recording of the time of the appearance of Christ to His disciples unless to show that the glory of the seventh had departed and now rested on that of the first day of the week. Christ distinguished the first day of the we- k as the day of all days for His Church by on that day sending the Holy Ghost upon His disciples by which they received light and power to preach the Gospel with marvellous effect. It was the tradition of the Church in its early days, and one that could scarcely be otherwise than correct, that the first .Pentecost of the Christian era was on Sunday. That was the true birthday of the Church, and in itself a good reason for the special observance of that day so long as the Church exists. THE FIRST CHRISTIANS WERE LOYAL TO CHRIST. in observing the first day of the week, upon the first day of the week they met together and celebrated the Lord's Supper ; upon that day also they were required to provide for purposes of charity ; upon that day also, as St. John tells us, he was ' in the Spirit,' mean ing that he was worshiping God in spirit and in truth. The Collossian Church was agitated by men who wished to im pose upon it Jewish customs, including the observance of the Jewish Sabbath, but Paul wrote to its members—' Let no man judge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of a feast day or a new moon or a Sabbath day : which are a shadow of things to come ; but the body is Christ's.' Believers, according to St. Paul, were perfect in Christ Jesus, and should suffer no Judaism to supple ment their Christianity. The earliest Ghristian writers mention the first day « -of the week as the day of Christians for rest and worship. Doubtless for many years after the establishment of ? Chris tianity its followers, with Judaism oppos ing them on the one hand and paganism on the other, and no legal recognition of their religion in any part of the world, kept the day only as best they could in their circumstances. It was not until 321 A.D. that the Lord's Day obtained legal recognition by the Edict of Constantine. It has been asserted that Constantine instituted the observance of the first day of the week as the Lord's Day, but this is obviously untrue, even from the the terms of his Edict, the first clause of which is, ' Let all judges, inhabit ants of cities and artificers rest on the venerable Sunday.' The term ' venerable ' as applied to Sunday shows it was a day held in special regard and honour. And much earlier writings distinctly show this to have been- so. Tertuliian wrote about a hundred and fifty years before Con stantine issued his edict, and described Christians as ' putting off even their business on the Lord's Day lest they might give place to the devil.' And Justin, who wrote about forty years before Tertuliian, left this on record — ' We all of us assembled together on Sunday because it is the first day in which God changed darkness and matter and made the world. On the same day also Jesus Christ our Saviour rose from the dead. He was crucified on the day before that of Saturn, and on the day after that of Saturn, which is that of the sun, he appeared to his apostles and disciples.' From the day of Christ's resurrection onward and through all the stress and strain of the first years of Christianity, the Church observed the first day of the week as the Lord's Day, according to its oppor tunity, and when Constantine issued his notable edict he but recognised the triumph of Christianity over the world, and the right of Christian institutions to be guarded and protected by those to whom God had committed the trust of power. LET CHRISTIANS OF TO-DAY BE LOYAL TO CHRIST who bought us with his blood and saves us by his grace. Of all changes ever proposed in all the history of the Church, there are but few more deserving of con demnation than that of giving up the Lord's Day, with it hallowed memories, its light and gladness for our hearts, its inspiration of devotion to the service of Christ, and going back to the Jewish Sabbath on which our Lord lay in the humiliation of death and the grave, and ? hence for us a day of darkness and shame rather than one to be made the festival day of the church. The proposal is a treasonable offence against Christ and his kingdom. It would break down one of the most cherished, helpful, and necessary institutions of his kingdom ; it would undermine the foundation of his kingdom which is mainly that of his ' all authority in heaven and in earth,' and it would take from him the glory of his triumph over sin and death and heil declared by his resurrection from the dead, of which the first day of the week was established by him as a memorial for ever. Such a proposal, all intelligent and loyal Christians should firmly resist and denounce. We are complete in Christ and our rule in all things is whatsoever Christ hath in any way commanded. The Sabbath, under the name and in the form of the Lord's Day, is as necessary for man now as when God in his wise and tender love made it for man. Without it, man is worn out before his time, is destroyed for lack of that knowledge which can help him on his way, is very commonly but a lodger in his own home and a stranger to the affections of those dear to him. and alas ? remains alienated from God and perishes in his sins. Let us not allow, if by any means we can disallow, man to be deprived of this great gift of God to him in his need. To the utmost of our power let us uphold its sanctity and maintain it for the purposes for which God has given it. And this for the sake of the already overworked in the recog nized six days for labour — for the sake of the Kingdom of God to which the day closely pertains — and for the sake of our glorious Lord and Saviour, whon let all the earth worship and serve with gladness. 