War Notes^ rCRVLK PASSAGES. -cmth Afrio* h»s twrn the grave of muTiv . JvpoUtionR, bntit h»» brought to the front ? band of hrillialrt jonnwlisU who, bnt for the w*r, might hsve linprre-i in obscurity till their natcrxl end. ? Among the many who hare tn»ap * mm« lir thpmwjirpa with th« pen in Ihe Ansirnlisn, Mr A. G., otherwise ' j-mi!er,' H«3e». who is now doing exellent descriptive trork for the ' Daily News.'.' larjre fn»y of humor, and he raizes Ihe two things intu Ml admirable ralad. Sometimes he it vivpr ' high falutin',' bnt nlway* pictur esque »nd «-fii- ctive. Here its sample of his / . el.-xqnence describing a night attack at Sprinjj fontoin. '' In the blackness, where no eye but the ej of did -yinld roach, we each man stood faea to face with his own foul, anil few were there who did not wish some of hie past had never been written in the book of live. It was a fterman in silence, yet eo eloquent thai every *on! was stirred. Some of us thought of home, «f wjfi» and child ; others let th«ir fancy rove to her whose girlish lips had clang to theirs when the defir hjmc ties were broken by the rode hand of war. Others in that grim period thought fondly of a large and healthy rook to hide behind, '»nd he whose hnnd traces these liaos owns rendily that he was one of them. For it had dawned upon him in that evil honr that »li the fame and glory in the ?world would not bt big enough to plug the tiny hole a Manser bullet makes. Then cams the shells, shriekinc and wailing through the hor rible clouds of 'night, like derils driven for -?rcr in horeless horrT from the gates of the eternal city. We knew not whence they piine nor trjutnex tney were going. ne only knew, and cared tn know, that they were rnnde of iron, whilst we we wore made of foie'.hinc so: much harder than mud ; and a — voice within as told ns that if there were a ^T collision, it wonld not damage the shells.' In another passage Mr Hales says of the projectiles: — ' They seemed to weep as they sped towards us, like women who had been widowed through the deeds of evil men. They lifted np their voices in the night, and screamed as I have heard a horse scream in the quicksand*. They langhed as a drnnkard laughs when' delirium has possession of his brain; they howled as wolves howl through the snow-coTsred. forests of Canada ; and we tried to scoop holes in the earth to put our heads in.' This sort of thin;: .reminds one of the ' Morning Post' man's parsago anent tie music ot bullets, ~snd tie' ' Globe's' retort. The ' Pos*' correspondent, in describine the sonnd made by various missiles, referred to the peculiar noire made by a ricocietting. Mauser bullet as beinc ' like the coughinj of a «clc ghost.' The' ' G-lobe' said its experts avowed it was much more akin to the groaning of a^gtiuty worm. . 