Sessional Work. Fourteenth Week — Forty-sixth Day. At 3 o'olook yesterday afternoon, Wednes day's sitting expired of sheer exhaustion and old age, and gave up the ghost amid bitter party struggle. When the Speaker took the chair at 3.30, tho Premier gave notice that to-day he intends - .to move that the House resolve itself injo a Committee of the Whole to coneider the advisablencss of establish ing a hank .for the purposes of pro moting the occupation, cultivation, and improvement of agricultural lands. This looks remarkably like a sop to Cer berus, and will require a wide political \- (esophagus to slip down. Why not oxtend it to manufacturers of raw produota of the soil, such as fruit and jam manufacturers ? Presumably the lines upon whioh suoh a bank will be run will bo those connected with the Credit Fonoier. This system has been intro duced and tried in some of the other States, and has proved a fair suceess. It was trans planted from France, where it flourishes healthily; hut the climate of Australasia does not seem to suit it so well. The whole political organisation of sooiety is different here j ' still any oxpediont. which is a legitimate attempt to. solve tho problom of permanent yeomen settlement will come as an earnest of bona-fides from the Govern ment.- Until the Premier's full soheme is disolosed it would be unfair to anticipate objections to it. A question relating to the employment of Polynesian labour at Cairns elicited the reply that there is no power under the existing law to prohibit the employment of Polynesians by Chinamen, or other aliens This' opens up a wide international question, and the whole of it will prove to he one of the hardest nuts the federal Parliament will be called upon to oraok. Leuvo was given to introduce, a. bill to amend the Health Aot Amendment Aot of 1890. The hill, whioh is an unimportant ono, was read a first time, and the second reading made an order of thp day for Oatober 25. Debate on the Factories and Shops Aot amendment, pro posed by Mr. M'Donnoll, was resumed. . On all sides it was -admitted that there is room for many improvomenta in the working of the law relating .to factories and . shops, and finally it was agreed, on tiio voices, that, " in the opinion of tho House, it is desirable that the Faotories and Shops Aot of 1896 be so amendod'as to provide for the establish ment ofapeoial wages hoards, and. other pro-, visions now in operation in Victoria. under the Viotorian Shops and Factories Ao(a of 189,0-1900.". Once more inquiry . was fiiado concerning thoso Cross despatohes. Effluxion of time prevented a vote ; - but some mombers of the House would muoh like to see at least -one of those now famous despatches. The House then went into committee furthor to consider tbo Callido Railway Bill. A.t the time of this writing the Honso still is in committee ostensibly engag-cu in considering that measure. Business dohe. In the Assembly — Nono. 