Toowoomba Hospi tal. presentation of flags. the. gift of mrs. garget. Yr.sTr.nn ay afternoon a most pleasing oere- mony took placo nt the Toowoomba Hospital, when Mrs. John Garget, President of tho Hospital Aid Socioty, prcsontcd the Institution and Nurses with two handsome flags, ono tho Australian Federal Flag nnd tho other a handsome white ling with a red cross in tho centre. Mrs. Gavgot for a long timo has occupied tho position of President of this Society, and, recognising tho oxcolloat work, tbey had performed in tbo interests of tho Society sho decided lo present Ih'ora with, a red cross Hag, and tho Institution also with a Itog. Both lings were mado by Mrs. Garget, and their excellent finish reflects overy credit on her skill. . There was a largo number present, iaolud- tug several members of tho committee, and tocDoimuH ami Roberts. The presentation took plnco on tho lawn in front of tho Institution. Prior to tho presen tation the llev. Canon Warner dedicated tho llnga. nml concluded an follows:— In the N'aino ot tho Father, tho Sou, and tbo Holy Ghost, Ameu. Let us pray. 0 Lord Jesus Christ, Thou, when on earth in human form, didst heal the sick, hudst com passion upon tho suffering, and also gavest to s Ihy servants tbo privilege nnd duty to minis- ter to Thyself by nets of mercy and sym- patliy for their brethren ; regard, wo beseech 1 hco, therefore, (Ins gathering of ourselves together for tbo furtherance of Thy work. ihy banner over us is love. Accept, wo pray lhce, tho dedication of thesa banners as a proof of Thy servant's lovo, loyalty and devotion to Thy work. Grant, O Blessed ' Saviour, that thoy may be a rcmcmbranco to them of Thy tenderness and pity, paticnco and self-denial Cross and Passion. To tho suffering, may they Inspire confidence in Thy protection, a submissive meekness and peace ful resignation to Thy will, and cnablo them finally to wear tho victor's crown of glory, through Thy nicrils, Who llvesl and reigncst, with tho Father and tho Holy Spirit, ono God, world without end. Amen. Mrs. Garget then handed Mr. R. Aland, tho Chairman of tho Committee, the Australian Federal ling, and Nurso Pollute, tho Matron of tho Institution, tho Red Cross banner, nnd in doing so said sho had much pleasure in presenting thorn as a token of the love sho lind for the Institution, and the kindly feeling situ had for tho good work carried out by tho Nurses nnd Dootors 5 somo of whom had gono to tho front to do what thoy could for tho welfare of tho soldiers In South Africa, many of whom had fallen in fighting for tho free dom ot tho Empire. (Applause.) - The Hags were thon hoisted on tho llagstafT in front of tho building uiuidstchcers. Mr. R. Aland said that on behalf ot tho management ho had much pleasure Indeed in accepting tho two very hamisomo ' flags prcsontcd to them by Mrs. Gar get. Thoy valued them not on account of their intrinsio value, hut they valued them nioro especially hecauso thoy told them of the ' very kind feelings which had prompted tho gift. IIo alluded to the excellent work per formed by tho members of tho Hospital Aid Sooicty, and on bohnlf of tbo Committco ho thanked them. Tho Society was first initiated by their old Matron, Mrs. Ford, and had been supported by tho medical mon. It had been carried on by their Rucceeding Matron, nud much was oibo duo to Mrs. Garget for tho services she had rendered. He concluded by calling (or three chccra for Mrs. Garget, which were most heartily responded to. Dr. Frcshnoy thanked Mrs. Target on bo- half of tho Institution for tho flags. Thoy had the first official visit from tho Inspector of Hospitals lately and that gentleman took very great interest in tho Hospital Aid Bocioty ami the work they had accomplished. After the ceremony had concluded tho visitors were entertained at afternoon tea and a most cnjoyablo timo was spent by all present. 