TBALOOA. ? - (By Ernest Vavenc.) n. HE ojd man made no effort to pick up ihe 'alien bottle ana glass, but scood staring at her with a 3o:k that forc ed her atten tion. 'Look here,' said the old fellow, 'when you w a 6 asleep Just now, your face wae quite changed. I saw. the sal that talked and laughed, and smiled. !with her red lips on my son, my boy, at Tralooa Gold Fields. Was it true — was you the gal? Now you are awake, and asking for more gin, you are only the drunken woman as came to our camp to night. When you was asleep you was diCerent. Perhaps you was dreaming — dreaming maybe as I do sometimes — of Jack coming back all a-smiling and happy, with a pocketful of gold.' The woman gazed at him awe-struck, while the last nip of gin gurgled melodiously out of the neck of the overturned bottle. 'Who are you?' she asked, 'and why do you speak of Tralooa, and of Jack? If it's Jack Har ding you mean — handsome Jack — you'll never see him coming back smiling with a r^cketful of Sold.' 'Where is he, woman?' 'Jack, Jack Harding; he got put in gaol and he's there still.' 'Jack! my Jack! in gaol! What could he be put in gaol for?' 'Dear! oh! deary me!' said the woman, get ting maudlin. 'Through me if you want to know. I . led Jack on, and he half- killed a man lie met with me, and he was nearly being hanged only -the man didn't die. Lord! Lord! to think of a. real lady being brought to this!' and the ?wretched creature, from whom all trace of wo manly bc&uty; had departed, bowed down her head and wept piteously. The old man stood, with white fury on his face, when a figure Intervened, for Madge had scram bled out of the cart and come between them. 'Leave her to me,' she said; 'seems to me,' for with all the misery of the revelation she could not, womanlike, resist a wifely gibe, 'that you'd a been better employed giving Jack a lecture than drinking with him.' The old man kept quiet, and the old woman turned to the bloated thing of shame, and put her arm round her neck. 'Tell. me about Jack?' she said. 'He was my son, and I have a right to know.' 'Oh!' the woman gabbled on incoherently, 'I am sorry, but he was so forcible, and wild, and thought I was an innocent young girl, God help us! and so when he got jealous he half-killed an other man, thought he had killed him outright, and went out and boasted about it, and was ar rested, and kept in gaol to see whether the other man would die or not. And so, then he_lived, and it was all my fault; he got ten years for' it.' So ended the incoherent gabble, and the out cast put her head on her knees, and wept maudlin tears.' 'So Jack's in gaol,' said the old woman. 'My Jack in gaol, on account of such as she. I was cross with you just now, old man, but never you mind that; help me back into the cart. Ten years — ten long years, and then when he .comes out he- won't be my Jack. No, old man, :I couldn't bear to see him. Help me back into the cart.' The old man did as he was told, and stood by her leaning over her, sobbing, and holding her. hand. 'Tom!' she said suddenly, 'If I died here I'd have to be buried here; do you think you can turn ' back, and let me die in the old place— near the old place rather— so as I could be buried there, where I always thought of Jack as a child. Don't you think you could manage it, Tom?' 'I could, Madge, but,' and he broke down ut terly; 'What's to become of me?' 'God knows, old man? We are both broken old I stock, of no good to anybody. Only I must go pback and die where I thought of my Jack as a u boy who .scarcely .knew gaol by name.' 'I'll take you back, Madge to-morrow morning, I will; now go to sleep, dearie.' * The old man went back to the fire, and crooned .over it: the woman was still sittine with her ' bowed head. in her hands. The old man did not know enough to discriminate between the remorse . born of gin and that which sprang from the real emotions. He sat sullenly down, and the strange ly assorted couple watched the fire die out to gether. Presently the woman rose. 'Look here,' she said, and her face had somehow got back some of the old look in it. 'Tell the old woman that Jack sent her this; Jack entrusted it with me ' for her, and take . her back to where she wants .to die, and let her die in peace, and bury her as she wishes. Never tell her that I gave it you myself, and it was never Jack's.' She produced from some part of her ragged dress a knotted handkerchief, undid the knots, and put in the old man's hands more sovereigns than he had ever seen together before; but that was not many, truly. 'But you,' mumbled the surprised old crea ture. '?''I — well, I- shall get killed, maybe, over this; but never you mind. You take the old woman back and let her die in peace.' And she wen4 out like a' ghost into the dark night, and left the old man staggered and stupid, with the gold in his- hands. ? * ? . * They got back, the old couple, and the old wo man died in such peace as she could find left, and the old man soon followed her. But, owing to a tad habit of never reading a newspaper, they did not read of a brutal murder, committed near the township they had once stopped at, nor how it was said that one ht the criminal class had beaten a woman to death for losing some stolen money he had entrusted, her with. 