All Round HEALTH NOTES. Remember that although starch has its uses, there are invalids who cannot endure the rustle of apron or skirts. Then forget to say, ' Oh, this is a gloomy day.' Don't say, ' It will be many a day before you .will wear these boots again.' Never seem so absorbed in book or paper as to give the impression that your patient is only of secondary importance. Enter the room quietly, but not stealthily—as though you belonged there ; never peering slyly through a half-open door. Let a few cool, fresh blossoms that are not overpoweringly sweet touch the feverish face. They seem to bring rest with them. Allude not to personal appearance, especially to say, ' You look like a ghost,' or ' I know by your looks you are worse.' If glycerine pure does not suit the skin, dilute it with half the quantity of rose-water. To rub the face and hands frequently with cucumber will keep them both soft and fair. Lemon- juice applied to the skin is whitening, but it is not advisable ; to use it regularly, as it has other ' effects. I People who are too stout should | not take milk, beer, nor cocoa, nor eat j bacon, potatoes, rice, farinaceous pud- ! dings, butter, sugar, nor sweet things generally. To prevent the skins gi owing up around the nails, rub with lemon after washing. Keep a cut lemon on the washstand, and press the skin back with this after washing the hands. Warts, it is said, will disappear if they are rubbed two or three times a day with oil of cinnamon. This gives no pain whatever, and is simple enough for anyone to try. Alcohol will quickly remove an obstinate porous-plaster whose period of usefulness has expired, and will also cause all unsightly traces of it.i use to disappear. Always wash the face well before going to bed, leaving the pores free and open during the night. When they are choked (though it may be imperceptibly) with dust together, blackheads and pimples often result. It is said that a dish of cold water at the head of the bed will prevent restlessness and sleeplessness. Towels wrung from water and hung in a hot room will purify the air and lower the temperature several degrees. If a child is threatened with a cold, strip bis feet and fairly toast them before the lire for nearly half an hour, till they ar« thoroughly heated through. Then put him to bed and rub his chest with goose grease or vaseline until it glows, find have him drink a cup of very hot milk. Few cjlds can survive this treatment. 