THE STORYTELLER. The Haunted House by the Lake. [Bv Una Roe.] For the "'Southern Cross.' "Myrtle, I really begin to fear that W3 are lost, lest in the bush—and what will become of us?" said the English girl, standing with clasped hands, and looking about her in a nervous, timid way. "Oh, nothing will happen to us if we are lost, Clara. We shall soon find our way home again," replied the Australian girl, with a careless air, as she seated herself on the trunk of a fallen gum tree and opened the little lunch basket. "Come, Clara," she added, "and let us have something to eat; I'm ravenous. You must not be the least bit alarmed, for it is early yet, and we can soon find a way out of this. We cannot be far from home." Clara complied with the request to take lunch, but her appetite was small. She was evidently ill at ease, and did not enjoy the situation. "Now, cheer up, Clara," began her friend, Myrtle Gray; "you know there are no wild beasts to eat us up, at any rate, in the Australian bush. We have only strayed a little out of the beaten track." "But there are snakes, Myrtle, and they are dangerous." "Not they; they will run away from you if you let them. Besides, if we meet one that shows fight I can kill it. I have killed many a snake. When you are as long in Australia as I have been you won't think anything of adventures like this. Of course, things do seem dread ful to you, who have landed on our shores so lately, and I suppose you miss the Eliglish sounds and sights very much, don't your' "Of course, the English woods are not like this. There you could see a human habitation uirougli a vista of trees on any side, and there one could spend the day among the wild flowers and fruits, and singing birds, and never feel lonely. We lived near a wood, Myrtle, as long as I remember, all the years of my life, and many happy hours I spent among the foxgloves, anemonies, and bluebells; the wild strawbei-ries were plentiful in those woods. In the fields, that bordered the woods were cowslips and buttercups and daisies. And in the warm hedge grew bush eglantine, green cocobine, and the moonlight- colored may." The eyes of the English girl assumed a dreamy, far-off look, as though they saw the visions of the old home she had loved so well. "And do you not think our Australian woods are so lovely, Clara? Look at the soft carpet of the silky pink everlastings stretching on all sides as far as we can 6ee; those lovely yellow wattle blossoms, like golden balls for the fairies to play with; the festoons of blue and red cree pers and climbers shining everywnere, aud the istrange orchidh of different shapes and hues and scents, and a hundred other blossoms, while over all reigns the fresh sweet- scented gum-trees, with the birds singing in the branches just as happy as the English birds, I am sure. I think there is something ao fresh and wild and free in the Aus tralian woods, don't you?" "Well, perhaps, yes. At the same time, while I admire the charms you have pointed out, I cannot but feel there is something sombre, lovely, and weird About these wild forests of youra, Myrtle. And you will understand me better when I tell you why I dread so much the thought of being 'lost in the bush.' It is a sad story, but not a long one that I have to tell." "Well, tell me, Clara, here while we sit on this old tree for a few minutes longer, and then we will go to look for a track leading home, or 'a house through a vista of trees.' Now, I am all atten tion. Proceed." She was a very pretty girl, this Aus tralian Myrtle, and she made a pretty picture sitting on the fallen tree in a careless but graceful attitude. Her hat. lay at her feet, and her bright brown curls were lifted and swayed by the October wind. Her eyes were large and clear, and as blue as the Australian sky above her head, her cheeks as softly tinted as the everlastings at her feet. Hut the lips and brow were most striking —expressing courage, determination, and a strong will to do afid dare when need arose. On her lips she held a collection of wild flowers, which she tastefully ar ranged into a nosegay. Her companion, Clara Lindsay, was not favored with remarkable beauty, but her features were, on the whole, pleas ing and well-formed. Her cast of coun tenance was graver and more reserved than that of Myrtle Gaay. Clara began her story— "You know, Myrtle, that as a child I had few companions, but there was one who was from my earliest years until I was a girl of fourteen my constant friend and playmate. His name was Willie Mclvor, a Scotch boy, about four years older than myself. He was delicate and unused to boyish games, had a very gentle manner, and was more like a girl than a boy. We were very fond of one another, and often wandered in the woods and fields together. I remember on one occasion that Willie said to me—he was always taking of dying and of heaven, and things like that—'Clara, if I die before you, will you come to my grave and plant Scotch thistles on it? because I am a Scotch boy and I like those flowers best.' 'Yes, Willie,' I replied, 'But you might die in a land far away from me, and what then?' 'Oh, then,' he said, 'you will find out my grave some day when you go to that far-off land, and you won't forget your pro mise, will you, Clara?' I assured him that I would not. I never forgot the occurrence as years went on, though he did not mention the matter again till— but that is the curious part of, my story, and comes later on. When I was at home for my holidays once—I was fourteen years old then—I met Willie for the last time. He was at home for the college vacations, and he told me lie had formed a great friendship with one of the stu dents named Leonard Morton, a very clever and handsome young man. I never met this man, but I lived to know that it was a sad day for Willie when he first made Morton's aquainted. In course of time, "Willie fell into- bad habits and finally left his home tltogeth er and came out to Australia with Leonard Morton. We heard nothing of them for a long time. At last the sad news came to England that Willie Mclvor was dead—had been lost in the bush, and had died of thirst and ex haustion. When found his remains were beyond identification. Only Morton knew they could be no other by putting day and date and the other circumstances to gether. The description of the whole affair was harrowing. It had a great effect on me for some time after. I could never sleep without dreaming of \\\ line Mclvor dying alone in desolation and agony in tTie dreadful bush deserts of Australia, and in my waking moments it was the same. I pictured the scene to myself, and wept over it many a time. He heard 110 more of Leonard Morton. He had written to say that he was goincr to the goldfields, so I suppose he went' "ow, I have nearly finished. I have fust to relate the strange part of my story, though, may he, you will laugh at me, Myrtle, and treat the whole affair as a delusion—as a dream. I was lying awake one night—or could it have been a dream?—There was no one in the room but me. It was just at the time that poor grandfather Was dying—was ex pected to die every day—aiid I was, won dering what would become of me after bis death. Well, as I lay thus think ing, I became aware of a presence in the room. A strange feeling came over me, yet I did not feel afraid exactly. I looked and saw, yes. I am quite "sure I saw him distinctly, Willie Mclvor, stand ing by the window! The moonlight re vealed his form and features to me dis tinctly, and I heard liim say to me 'Clara, yon will come to the place of my grave, but you will not be able to plant thistles where I am buried; thistles would not grow there. It is too dark and cold and damp.' Then he vanished as mysteriously as he came. I do not think I was dreaming. As it happened, I did come to Australia, as he said, and now it seems that " "That you are going to be lost and die in the bush, too. Oh, 110, Clara, a better fate is reserved for you, I am sure. But what a sad story it is—and verv singular too. So you believe in ghosts, Clara?" "I believe I saw Willie Mclvor, and no other than he. But, come, Myrtle dear, let us try and find our way home." The two girls arose, and began to con sider which way to go. "Now, if I could see a Praying Mantis," said Myrtle, "I would ask him to show me tho way home." "Why, Myrtle, surely you are not super stitious, you wise, matter-of-fact little Australian! How could a Mantis show you the way home?" "Oh, easy enough. I should say, 'Mantis, show me the way to go,' and he would point with his long green feeler in the direction of home without a doubt. There is no superstition about it. The worst of it is, I cannot see a Mantis here. Well, follow me, Clara, and we'll see what is to be seen. I think this is the way we came." They went on for some time, silently picking their steps, and pushing their way among the low silver wattle and pine trees, when suddenly Clara exclaimed— "I see water shining through the trees. We are near a river, or is it the sea? There is the sound of waves. Listen, Myrtle "I hear, and I see," cried Myrtle, "and I know where we are now. That is the sound of waves, Clara ; but it is only the Weaves of the salt lake on an iuland shore. Wo are out by Dawson's Lake. I did not think we had come so far. But now I can soon strike the right track for home. I have been here once or twice before. My brother Jack often comes hear to shoot wild fowl. Ducks and pelicans are plenti ful in this neighborhood. See Clara," she added, as tliey emerged from the brushwood to a full view of the lake, "is. it not a pretty sight? There is a fleck of wild cockatoos flying overhead. Just listen to them. How they scream." "How lovely!" said Clara; "what a charming scene this is, and how cool and refreshing the water looks. I am so sorry it is not fresh, for I am so thirsty." "And so am I, Clara; but we can't drink brine." "I wonder if any one lives in that house at the end of the lake over there, Mrytle? Shall we go and/ see?" "I think not, and it is a good step from here. I should not like to have the trouble for nothing. Now I come to think of it, I don't believe people will live in that house. It has a bad reputation." "What do you mean, Myrtle? Is it un healthy, or too lonely, or is it haunted ?" "I don't really know, but I know people won't stay in it long. Jack told me that old Mr. Dawson could not get a tenant for more than a year, but that was several months ago. There seems to be a fatality hanging over the place; something al ways happens to people who live there. It is a pretty cottage, too, with a nice garden, and the place is not unhealthy, though I should think it would be lonely for some people." "I quite agree with you," said Clara. "It looks very lonely, and must be quite an eerie place at night. But come, let us go there now; there may be a well or a tank of fresh water, and we can quench our thirst." Myrtle agreed, but said they had better walk quickly, as they would have a long walk home. They wended their way along the edge of the lake, and on nearing the cottage observed a child's bare footprints in the sand. This raised their spirits. They were convinced that some one lived in the house, and soon they found themselves knocking hopefully at the door. They knocked once or twice in vain. Then they heard a child's voice from an inner room. "Who is knocking at the door? You can't come in." "Why not?" demanded Myrtle. "Can't you come and open the door for us?" "No, I'm locked in. Mother's gone out, and she's got the key of the door. But she won't be long if you like to wait." The voice was very clear and distinct, though a little distance off. The child did not appear to be at all afraid. "Can you, like a good child, give us a cup of cold water? Give it to us through the window. We shall be so thankful. We are only two girls who have lost our way, and we are very thirsty." "I cannot give you anything," replied the child, because 1 am locked up, and the window of the room is blocked. There's an old bag nailed up over it." "Poor child," exclaimed Clara. "Why did your mother lock you in?" "Oh, mother always locks me up now when she goes out a long time. She knows I'm safe." "But you cannot see in a dark room." "I don't want to see, beause I am blind." "Poor, dear child. "What is your name?" "Only Jemmy; named after father. I had a little sister once. She was called Alice Teresa Mary." "And where is your father, Jemmy?" en quired Myrtle. "In heaven," said the child. "There's only mother and me now. Father died since we came to live here. He got sick and died, and I got blind." "And did you see well before you came here ?" asked the two girls together. "No; not very well. My eyes were always sore, but after we came here they got worse, and I can't see anything now, and the light hurts me so much. Mother is going to tell the doctor all about me." At this moment the girls heard the gate opening, and, turning, saw a plea sant-faced, tall, middle-aged woman ap proaching. She looked hot and tired, as though she had come a long distance. She was surprised to see the visitors, but kindly made them welcome, hastily open ed the door, and bade them to rest awhile till she prepared them some refreshment. She told them her name was Mrs. Lee, and she was a widow, her husband having died of consumption soon after she came to live near the lake; that was six months ago. Though she had seen many troubles, she was patient and resigned. She was anxious about her only child, Jemmy. On releasing him from the dark room she led him up to the two young ladies, who were full of compassion for the poor little fel low, and were as full of admiration for his beauty. It was difficult to believe the large blue eyes were sightless. He was a child of eight years or thereabouts, with an intelligent countenance and agreeable manner. The girls were much interested in him. "He knows his way about pretty well," said his mother, "but I never like to leave him to go by himself, for he might get burnt, or something else happen to him. I don't mind much what folks say, but it does seem as if this place was unlucky. There's a curse or something over it. I have had so many misfortunes since I camo here." "Why do you not live somewhere else, then ?" enquired Myrtle, "if you think that, Mrs. Lee?" "Well, for one thing I am very poor, and I need only pay a little rent for this place. By-and-bye I will go elsewhere, if I can get a house or a couple of rooms even. But here I must bide for a while." When the simple refreshment had been taken the two girls thanked Mrs. Lee very warmly for her hospitality, slipped a piece of money into her unwilling hand, and insisted on her accepting, and prepar ed to start for home. A cool wind had sprung up, and the weather was changing suddenly from warm to quite cold. Mrs. Lee would not let them go without a warm covering for their shoulders, and said she had two shawls she could lend. She told her little boy to go and bring them out of the spare room while she gathered some roses from the garden for the girls to take home with them. In a few minutes the boy returned, but without the shawls. "Mother," said he, "I can't open the door; it must be locked. Will you give me the key to open it?" (To be Continued). 