CHAPTER VII. Friendship. . ¡ On a chilly, murky November afternoon Mrs. Hamilton was toasting her toes before the fire in Palace Gate, where she lived, when Captain Clough was announced. She started up, with a little cry of pleased, surprise, which her visitor ought to have found flattering., "At last! I was beginning to despair of you. What have you been about these hundred years?" "Well," he replied, "for these hundred days , past-it is just about that length of time since we parted at Bayreuth, isn't it?-I have been mostly shooting. My record is much too monotonous to interest anybody; but I should like to hear yours. What have you been doing meanwhile?" , ,,/.. < "You might," returned Mrs. Hamilton,, resum ing her. seat, "have had the curiosity to ask that question by post. Perhaps you don't realise what a dangerous thing it is to break off a course of ; Marienbad treatment before it is half finished." "I may not have realised all the dangers of the situation; but I owe you no apology, considering that you refused me all information as to your movements. However, let me repeat my question, now that you are here and I am here. What have you been doing?" "Oh! very little worthy of mention. Recover ing,- I suppose." "Both of you?" Mrs. Hamilton sighed, laughed, and nodded. "Yes; both of us, I am thankful to say. At least, I quite hope and believe~so. But-we were ter ribly; near a catastrophe, weren't we?" "I don't know. We certainly seemed to be /within measurable distance of an event-catas trophe or otherwise, according ; to the point of view.. I can't say that, from my point of view, there ls anything to take'exception to in Otto von Kahlenburg." "Oh! Jack, don't.be so exasperating! It stands to reason that you must have taken exception to him; though I daresay you may not have disliked him as much as I did. Anyhow, we have done, with the man for, good and all now, I trust." "H'm! "And Miss Daphne?" "She has dismissed him from her .mind. You know-or probably' you don't know- how easily girls take fancies and get rid of them." "Some girls, no doubt; but is she of that sort?" "Theré is only one sort," Mrs. Hamilton boldly declared. "Infinitely varied, of course, like a packet of mixed seed, but the same in essentials. Daphne's distinctive peculiarity, for. instknce, is . her mania for music-she has gone out'to take a .violin lesson now, by the way. Well, I suppose he understood that, and took measures accord ingly. But from the moment that she had left him and. Bayreuth behind her--!" "She proved her resemblance to the rest of the species by forgetting all about him? You are not too complimentary'to your only child." . "All I said was that, like .other giris, she is liable to take fancies which come to nothing. Would 3'ou really have preferred to hear that this one had come to something?" "No; since you ask me, I shouldn't. Only I don't feel as convinced about the matter as you profess to be." Mrs. Hamilton did her best to convince him not wholly in vain. To be sure, he had seen Daphne's eyes. He had noted a subtle change in her voice, reserved for von Kahlenburg. and he knew what he knew; yet the fact remained, that she had obeyed orders and had turned her back upon her Austrian admirer without a pro test. Would she have proved so docile if she had been anything like seriously, enamored of that ardent, but casual, "prétendant?" His esti mate of Miss Daphne's character - warranted a negative reply. Then, too, it was consoling and encouraging to hear that she had frequently wondered whether he was going to be in London at all that winter. Equally consoling and encouraging to Mrs. Plamilton was the information which she elicited that Captain Clough intended to be in London, off and on, for some time to come. This satisfied her», that he must have other intentions of a na ture to command her warmest sympathy, and al though they were neither of them so indiscreet as to become more explicit, they understood one another pretty well before their chat came to an end. . Each, at all events, understood very well what the other wanted, and would, if possible, bring to pass. But there are things which cannot, with the best will in the world, be brought to pass. Had ' Jack Clough not been aware of that already, he would have been made aware of it, a few minutes after he had emerged into the raw outer air, by his encounter with a young lady, carrying a vio lin-case, who joyfully recognised and accosted him. For if her joy at beholding him was un feigned arid avowed, she lost no Lime in letting Wm know how, little excuse was thereby afforded him for personal vanity or self-congratulation. He had not been talking to her for two minutes be fore she ruthlessly cut short his hesitating com monplaces by inquiring: '. "What became of you and-and your friend after that Parsifal evening?" The short pause which preceded her reference to his friend- was significant, as was also the smile (perceptible even in that uncertain light) with which she-received his answer of: "Oh! we tore our hair and went-our respective ways. What else could we do? My way, as you see, has ended by landing me in Palace Gate; it is upon the cards, I suppose, that von Kahlen berg's may have the same goal, for he is no stranger in London." "So-he told me," observed Daphne, adding," af ter a moment of silence, "It is such: a pity that mother can't bear him." "Does that matter?" "Yes; because if, by any chance, he should come to London and should find out our address--" "As he undoubtedly will." "Do you think so? Well, then he will just as undoubtedly be told that we are not at home. And I shall be sorry for that, because I 'myself . - like ..him '. extremely. You also like him very much, don't you?" "As much or as little as you please. The ex tent of ray liking for him depends, I believe, en tirely upon-the extent of yours." ' Daphne laughed." . "Well." she said- presently, "it would be good-natured of you." "To tell him how extremely you like him?" "That would be unnecessary, 1 hope; we' got on so well together, he and I. But you might, if the occasion should arise, tell him that I am really sorry to seem so' rude," "You are going to seem rude, Jthen?" v. ^, "I, ara, afraid we must. Mother has taken-him '. . en grippe-Htar.some reason which. I, can't- guess. Can you?" Jack shook his head-disappointing her a little, he fancied, by his inability to throw any light upon so strange a phenomenon. She put a few more* questions to him. They were questions which anybody who had been unac countably deprived of a pleasant acquaintance, might have ' been expected to ask, and they did not in the least prove that she was breaking .her heart for the vanished Otto; yet if she had been heart-broken, she would scarcely/ have pro claimed the circumstance, nor'did it follow from her light manner that she was not a good deal more interested than she chose to appear. She took,' at any rate, no sort of interest in an old friend, save such as attached to him in his ca pacity of a connecting link with 'a new one. Jack soon satisfied himself of that chastening fact, formed his own conclusions and ceased to enlarge upon personal topics which had secured the sym pathetic attention of her mother. Much Daphne cared whether he was succeeding or failing in his new part of a country gentleman!-much shé cared whether he stood or hot for the vacant par liamentary division which .he had been invited.to contest ! With regard to her own life and oc cupations she manifested a similar off-hand un concern. ' "Oh, there's nothing to .tell," she said; "we jog placidly along. My one daily event just now.,is. a fiddle lesson from a master who lives ' on the' north side of the park, and who gives himself such airs that his pupils haye to go to him, since he won't be at the pains of coming to them." Then she politely hoped that she might soon see Captain Clough again, and so resumed her march, leaving him with the impression that he had scar cely fulfilled the expectations which had evoked her: cordial greeting. Of course, there was not the ghost of a shadow of a hope-there never had been, nor-never would be, any. It only re mained to call a hansom and drive back to St. James's Place, where Otto von Kahlenburg must by this time be impatiently awaiting the return of a friendly emissary. For Otto von Kahlenburg was in London. It was, indeed, in some measure because he was in London that Jack Clough was now occupying the St. James's "pied-a- terre" which was the symbol of sufficient means and occasional obligatory touch with the metropclis. His young friend had invoked his aid, rather as a matter of right than as a favor, and he had responded to the appeal not very unwillingly, it is true. On reaching his rooms, he found, as he had anticipated, that Otto was already in possession, and the latter, throw ing the end of a cigar into the fire, started up. With peremptory demands. . "Well? Yf u have been there?-you have seen them? What did they say ?" "I have been there and I have seen them," the older man composedly replied. "They didn't say much." "You told them that I was in England? ' > "No; I thought it better not to tell them that. If I had done so, they would have said more, no doubt; but they said enough-Mrs. Hamilt n did, at least-to convince me that discretion was ad visable. To speak plainly, my dear fellow, Mrs. Hamilton does not love you." ''Do I ask Mrs. Hamilton to. love me?" "Probably not; yet I presume that yru ask her; or will soon ask her, to receive you. And the fact is that, as at present advised, she will see you hanged first ! " "She said that!" "Well, she gave me to understand as much." "And Daphne?" "Oh, Miss Hamil+on was apologetic in advance. Whether she guessed that you were already in this country or not 1 can't say; but she evidently, expected that you would put in än appearance be fore long, and she was anxious that you should know how much &he; regretted her mother's de termination to slam the door of their house in your face." Von Kahlenbu.'g laughed good-humoredly. "My dear Clough, you will never allow her to treat me in that way." "How the deuce am I to prevent her? And if it comes to that, why the deuce should I?" "Why?-because you are my friend, of course. As for how-well, I think that if you and Daphne are on my side, means will be found. By the way, you must have contrived to see Daphne alone, or she could not have spoken to you as you said she did." "Yes, I had a private interview with her, but not as the result of any contrivance on my part. I happened, after leaving Palace Gate, to meet her on her way home from her music-lesson. She has a violin master on the other side of the park, whr m she honors with a visit every afternoon just now, it seems." . The young man rubbed his hands gleefully. "Aha! every afternoon? That is capital! Then I know whom she rwin meet to-morrow after noon." "Oh, naturally. But look here, Otto-I have a conscience, abd although you are kind enough to call me your friend, I am also Mrs. Hamilton's friend, you must remember. I ought not.to lend myself to schemes which may end disastrously for her and her daughter. In a word, your uncle's authorisation becomes important. Have you asked him for it?" "His authorisation? No; I have not asked him for that-how could I? It would not be cu'sto . mary. In our country, we are a great deal more .formal ab'ut such matters than you are, and o "request my uncle's consent to my marriage would be as much as requesting him to place himself - in communication with Mrs. Hamilton at ' once. Which would make her excusably angry, I am afraid." ''There seems to be some ground for fearing that it. might," observed Clough drily. "At the same time, your subterfuge doesn't deceive- me. If vu haye said nothing formal to your uncle, you have; certainly said something informal,'and your guilty-look shows that he was not pleased." "I do not believe," answered Count von Kahlenburg's heir-presumptive evasive ly, "that it would . be possible to please ; him with anything . short of a .princely alliance; but he is a slave to beauty, and Daphne will win his heart easily enough when the time comes. Meanwhile, nobody wants you to lend yourself to disastrous schemes, All you have to do, my good friend, until you receive fur ther." instructions from me, is Ho do nothing at .all."V' "Oh. that's all, is it? I like your «further in structions!' Well, perhaps you had better, see . Miss Hamilton; you will evidently manage to see her, whether it is better for you to do so or not. . But take notice, please, that I reserve to myself complete future liberty of action.", . 