TUESDAY NIGHT. The Evengeloee Alliance meeting on Toes. day night Ist was held in the Methodist Church at North Ipswcloh, at which there wsee a fairly good attendanoe. The Rev . H. Youngman preelsided, with him on the rostrum being the Reove. PI'. Robertson and W. J. 1. Uloes, B.1. Several hymns were sung during the evening Mrs. H. Youngman preeiding at the orpgan-and prayere offered at intervals by several of those prmeent An imprsve and well-.thought-out address, the subleet of whloh was " The oom Ing of the edeemer'a kingdom," was deliveredby the Bev. P. Bobertson. Attention was drawn in the first place to the onstahbleness of earthly kingdoms. The posseibility of the denadenoe of Greater Britaino, at present the greatest nation in the world had been mooted; but it was hoped that God would never allow that to happen. The son of that or any other great nation eould, however, set while the sun of righteounnees nould shine in all its noontide brightness all the same. It was well for us to remember that there wee a kingdom whiob could never be removed. "The kingdoms of this world shall become the kingdome of the Lord and his Christ; every knee shall bow to Him and every tongue sing His praise." There was nothing that coold be of sanh interest to men, if they would only think of it, as the kingdom of God. We had been taught to pray "Thy kingdom some, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven." These two were linked, he presumed, beoause we regarded the coming of the kingdom as the doing of the will of God. What were we to look for, and to work for, as the ooming of the kingdom? The Apostle told us that the kingdom of God weeas not meet and drionk, but rghteousnesn and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. Some people seemed tob have got hold ol the idea that, if men could get all the physieal eomfurts they desired,the world would be so sheoged that the millenlum would arrive. There were others who held that we should never have the kingdom of God perfeet on earth unless we got a great visible Churoh gathered round a visible earthly heed. With thi he distgreed, for he looked upon the ahuroh of Christ as a body with different members. They were not to look for uniformity in the body, though the different members should work in unison. It wae that whieh was within, and not whleh weas without, that they were to look for la the o ing of Chrirat's kingdom. So, let the one Spirit dwell so richly in all that they might be bound together as though it were one , tlough to the end it were more than one.s In eon neotion with the' seoming of the kingdom, he gave it -s his opinion that some greoat ohange mnust come over the Chureh-we must get back to something more like the firstoesntury Churoh phirit, If we were to do the work of the Lord as he thought the Iord would have the iork to be done. The eongregaton of the Chuorehees were far too apt to leave the work.o Christ to be done by the oeelsle of the Chaurohes. And et the rules for the guldanoe of the minister's life were not different from those for the gpid noe of anmy other Christian's. PFor Obrist's kingdom to some, the idea that the Chureh must get hbld of w~p that they were not their own, but Christ's, tnd their bunlnese must be condoted for oChrlet. If we made His servioe the aim of our lives, He would make our wants RLe ea. r The remarki of the.speaker were listened to with attentive interest, and the meeting weeas brought to a onoeluelon with the pronounoing of the benedlotion. I - - 