THE STORY-TELLER. THE PRODIGAL'S RETURN, [l!v W'ANDERKH.] in the library oi an eld Out picturesque mansion situated in. one of the Midland Counties of England sat an elderly gentle man engaged in the perusal of a letter. The furniture and general appearance of the apartment were in keeping with the stately appearance of the rest of the, building, which evidently dated back to a period an tedating the Elizabethan. Certain it is tlvat the Courtenays had lived at C'ourtenay Chase from time immemorial, the name having been passed on from a follower of William the Conqueror, who had married the Saxon heiress of the Chase, and thus became possessed of a goodly inheritance by more peaceful methods than usually obtain ed in those starring times. Tiie present head of the family, Gerald Everton Courtena.v, was an irascible but thoroughly loveable old man, whose chiei fault was an obstinate persistence in stick ing to any idea which might find lodgment in Ins mind. Let him once be firmly per suaded that black was white, and all the evidence in the world would be <impot«jt in bringing about an alteration in his belief. Beyond this he was a most indulgent father, treating his only son and daughter not alone as his children, but as dear friends. Just now, however, anger sits upon iis brow, and he mutters as he reads certain expressions which are far from being parlia mentary. "Tlie confounded young scamp! To think a son of mine could be guiltv of such con duct! 1 wouldn't have believed it if it wer< not for the evidence of the girl herself. This letter of hers, which her father enclo t?e« in his, is proof positive. And t'he young scoundrel deserted her too! That makes ?the business even blacker. He shall account for his conduct, by Jove! he shall, or else cease to be a son of mine." Then, walking to ithe Irillmpe, liie pulled, it savagely. "Send .Mr. Lionel 'here a.t once, Simon," said Air. C'ourtenay, when the servant an swered t'he bell. T'he roan bowed and wvtihdisw silently, and in a few minutes quick, brisk J'oolsctps were heard approach ing the library door. "Well, 1'a.ter, whait is it V' exclaimed the new-comer, a stalwart, bnig'Jut- faced young ster of twenty, with -a trace of.his father's temper in his strong square jaw. "1 have only now found out- What you are a contemptible blackguard," said t4ie elder man, "and I have summoned you to give an account of yourself." "1! a blackguard! Father, are von niad?'* Or are you only joking? If so, 1 must say it's rather a peculiar jest.*"' "Jokimg, sir! Whatt do you mean?" buret oiU Air. Oourtenuy. "Are you going to add lying to your other accomplishments? What have you done with Lucy G rail am? Oh, 'that my son should bring such dis grace upon an odd and honoured name!" "See here, father," broke in. Lionel, "be gin at the beginning, and let me know of .what 1 am 'accused. I can see something has happened to annoy you, but upon my Wnour, I don't know wlhaifc it is, and, as for Lucy Graham-well, J! haven't spoken a dozen words to -her since I've been back from Cambridge."5 "Read those letters, and then deny your guilt if you roared the other, tihrust ing some, closely wi'kten sheets into the young man's band. Lionel leaned back in hie cihair and be gan the perusal of the crabbed -writing, nor was nt long ere he showed plainly that his temper was being sorely tried. At length lie finished, and, banding the letter back to liis f<>itfher, s.iad "All I oan eay is that there is some mis take, or e?®e some conspiracy against me. Sumy you can't believe me guilty of such diabolical conduct! If I had enticed Jbhe poor git? frpui her home, be sure I jwould never have deserted her. And this: let ter, purj)ortHng to come from' her, in wlviclh she blames me for her- downfall1-do you know, fatlier, I don't Uiink Lucy ever wrote that , letter. '? There's .-something nbourt ithe affair tiiait I can't understand, but I swear mast solemnly that I am in nocent." "You are a liar!" -exclaimed the old .Hir.ii hit; face distorted by passion. "Leave my house this in-suui.tyfuid never dare to I cross its threshold again. 1 have no son now. Had you' confessed and shown that you were genuinely sorry for 3'our mis deeds, I might iiave pardoned you, but a liar I can never forgive." Lionel's face grew pale as death, and, starting from liis seat, he strode towaids hia father with clenched fists. The old man rose to meet liiiu, and it is hard to say what might not have occurred had not Ihc library aoov opened at that very moment to admit n young lady, most becomingly garbed in ? dark-blue riding habit and U'.i liat. "Lionel! what on earth is keeping you? The hor«s will dig their graves in the ' gravel if we keep them waiting much lon ger." Then noticing the stern faces and constrained attitude of the two men, sh? ex claimed "Father! Lionel! How strange you look' and how fiercely you glare at each other' Oh, whatever is wrong?" "My father has just honoured me by tell ing me that I am a scoundrel and a liar,'" replied the boy hoarsely, "and such lan guage I will stand frouj. no man!" And again lie advanced threateningly. "Oh, Lionel! would you lift your hanrl to our father?" cried the girl, rushing for ward and seizing her brotner s arm. "For shame! What has come to you? And you, dad, what has Lionel done to make you say such bitter things to him?" "Nothing fit for you to listen to, my child," answered Mr. Courtenay. "It is enough that you should know he is no lon ger my son, or fit to associate with you. Leave the room, sir," to his son, "and let me never see or hear of you more. You stay here, Maud," as the young girl moved to accompany her brother. "I forbid you to hold any communication with such a person as that"-pointing to the departing youth. When he reached the door Lionel turn ed, all traces of anger banished from h:«s' face, and said "I take you at your word, sir, and I swear I will never speak to you again till you acknowledge the injustice you have done me. As for you, Maud, I thank you from the bottom of my heart for coming so opportunely. Had you not come be tween us T might have had to reproach my self with having committed an assault on an old man, but now my mind is easy. I. have done no wrong, as will be proved some day; until then I#can get my own living. Good bye!" Next moment the door closed behind him, and father and daugh ter were left gazing at oils another, an ur. comfortable feeling already beginning to steal over the former that he had been guilty of a great mistake, if not injustice. Tt was night in far western Queensland. Oveihead shone millions of stars glittering with a brilliance never seen iy cold nor thern latitudes. Clumps of dark scrub surrounded a bare expanse of claypan, 011 which was camped a large mob of cattle. Fires piled up with fallen brushwood glowed at various points aiound the herd, the leaning flames flashing back from in any a mottled hide and full glistening eye. A hundred yards or so to the rear stood a couple of tents and a dray, near which, around another lire, sat some^eight or nine men enjoying the d lover's chief meal-sup l>er-while near by could be seen the night horse, saddled and bridled in readiness for the man who took first watch. "We're goin' to have some weather to night, lads, if Fm not mistaken," said a-a elderly man with grizzled beard and deeply tanned face, who, from the fact of his hav ing a canipstool to sit on,_ was evidently some one in authority. "The clouds star ted bankin' up there to the west'ard just on sundown, an' it's easy to prophesy what that means this time 0' year. You'll want to keep a. good look out, Charlie, an' if von think they're goin' to get the better o' ye, call me or Jim there. It takes more'n one man, 110 matter how good he may be, to handle a thousand head o' cattle when thev break." "'All right. Boss," answeied the man ad dressed as "Charlie," rising from his seat near the fire. "It's time j went out and let Jack come to his tea. I'll call you, never fear, if there's any necessity." It would have been difficult to recognise in this brown and bearded stockman, gaibed in regulation moles and leggings, the young exquisite who bore the reputation of being the best dressed man of his time at Cambridge, yet they were one and the same. Lioml Courtenay, after leaving his father's house, bad stayed in London only long enough to buy a few necessaries for the voyage, and then embarked as a stee rage passenger in one of the P. &, O. stea mers running to Sydney. Arrived in Aus tralia lie found, like many others, that without influence or letters of introduction it was well-nigh impossible to get a decent billet, so he expended his last few pounds in a ticket to Rockhampton, where he had the good luck to be engaged by a drovsr who had just delivered a mob of cattle and was on his way west for another. Being a good horseman, with any amount of pluck, and willing to learn, 'he soon won both 'the friendship and apwoval of his boss and mates, and the free, open life with its daily changes drove all the 'homesickness out of his mind. He had been over a year with his first employer, during which time not a woi'd had reached him from home, and he began to think he was really forgotten. And, indeed, now that the wrench of patt ing from all the old associations was over, he was surprised to find how easily he bore his altered condition. At times he felt quite glad that things had turned out as they had, otherwise lie would never have known anything of this strange, exhilara ting life. 1 "All right, Jack," he said as he rode up lo -the horse-tailer, who had been patrol ling round the mob while the men supped, j "you can go in now. The Irish stew's first j rate, and the duff's better." ! "Strikes me you'll be in a bit of a stew i yourself afore very Jtong,-' growled the othfcr. "All night job again, I s'pose, when that joker comes up," nodding towards 'the dense black clouds which overspread the western horizon, "This bloomin* game ain't what it's c-raeked up to be. that it ain't; draggin' men out o' their bunks in the middle o' the night to chase bally scrub bers as gets scared by their own snadders. Well, I'm off. Look out for yerself if they break, an' don't go ridin' _ straight across the lead or they'll pulverise you in. one act." . . Charlie' laughed cheerily as his mate ambled off campwards. "Jack thinks no one knows anything about droving but himself," he soliloquized. "He's a good old sort, though, rough as he is, 'Heigh-ho! round and round; it is a bit wearisome when the freshness wears off, but, there, one must make a living somehow, and this is about the only thing I'm .fit (or-in this country, at least. By: iovse! tliat storm's coming up at a great bat! WhOa'J steady there,.you idiots'! the thunder ;iion*t' hurt you!" las a low,- omif.j nous fccojvl ffom the horizon sent the mob"' huddling together as if to combine against a common foe. "Steady! whoa back! you; spotted devil! By Jupiter they're off!" As he spoke there came a blinding stream of blue light followed instantly by a crash which seemed to rend the heavens asunder* - With one mighty bellow the maddened I cattle burst all bounds and with a rush, irresistible-as the Maelstrom, -swept tint)ugh the fringe of scrub and careered at full speed into the. darkness. Charlie had no opportunity to summon assistance, even if he had remembered in the excitement of the moment to do so. His horse, trained to such -work from its vouth, was already, bearing him at full gallop alongside the flying herd, fighting for. his head, and stretching out as if it were bright daylight, and the rough, uneven ground were a smooth x-ace track. Soon he is up with the leader*, and Charlie or Lionel-made a glare blunder. His blood on fire with the joy of the mad rush he forgot the warning he had received, and, bearing in on the leading bullocks, attemp ted to ride straight across and block them then and there. As well try to dam Nia gara with a sandbag! Down wertt olJ Roany in a heap, half burying the rider, and over tliem swept the living flood, horns clashing, hoofs rattling, bellowing franti cally at each fresh thunderclap. When 'they had passed there remained a jumbled hea}), battered almost out of all resemb lance to a horse, with a blood-bespattered shirt just showing from underneath. But there were good men and fast horses left in the camp, and ere the rushing cattle had covered two miles Long Jim and Black Dick had -wheeled them, and were "ring ing" them till more help came. The storm passed as quickly as it came, and by the time the" mob had settJed down again the sky was once more cloudless, and brilliant with many' constellations. "1 wonder where Charlie has got to?" asked Long Jim, when the camp was al most in sight. "He must a' got bushed goin' after these brutes. But then old Roany wouldn't lose himself. There's 110 fear of him leavin' a beast while he had a leg to crawl on. Hallo! whal's come to you?" as his horse shied violently at some thing almost under his nose. "By Ghost, jDick, here's the pair of 'em, horse an' man, nil rolled in a heap! Poor clevil! How did he manage to do this?*' .As Jim spoke he snraiu: from his saddle and stooped over what had been old Roany. Black Dick quickly joined him, and be tween them they rolled the (lend horse ott the still and inert body of his rider. "Poor beggar!" ejaculated Dick. "He must a' cut right across the lead When they broke. Well, Fin dashed sorry for the boy. He was a blank dashed good sort, if he was a 'sijvertail.' " And Dick proceeded to re lieve his feelings after the time honoured cuf.toni of bull-punchers in general. ^ "Quit swearin' an' c-oine here, you foal,' broke in .Tim. "I believe 1 kin feel his heart bentin' yet! Yes, as sure as I'm bound for glory, he's alive. Batllv broke up, I'm afraid, but young bones soon menu, (jive us a hand to lift him on to my saddle." An attempt to carry out this suggestion drew such a heartrending grcan from Char lie that the men laid him down again. "You stay with him. Dick.' sajd Jim, : "till I send tSie dray out. ^ e 11 bring him easier that way." "And next moment lite kind-hearted stockman was galloping camp ward. . . To give an account of all Charlie s suffer ings from the time he recovered conscious ness till he found himself between clean sheets and a comfortable bed . in the Ac cident Ward of the Tainbo Hospital would take up too much space. Once under jrro-' per trfaitjner.it, serious though his injuries were, he mended with astonishing rapi dity, and in 3e:,s itum six weeks he was able to 'hobble out oil to the verandah with the aid of a ]«uv of enrtt'hes. During his convalescence lie had imnv long chafe with the doctor in charge of the hospital, who eoul'd see with half' an eye Unit his pa tient belonged to a dilierent class from that among which the ordinary drover 18 found. Soon "Charlie" grew quite confi dential, and told. Dr. McDonald his name, and most of his history. 'J he worthy doc tor svmpatihized heartily w:.<t'h the boy, amd offered to lend him enough money to take him buck to England, but "Charlie" re fused. "No," said 'lie, "J will never go back till my name is vleared., no matter how long it may be. 1 asn grateful to you lor yovr kind offer, though I cannot accept it." MaeDonaJd tn'ied hard to argue his pn titmfc ouiu of t'his frame of mind, Jjiit in vain, and at last gave at up as a bad job. One morning about; a_ wepk before the day on whic'h "Charlie" had set'i.ej to leave the hospital, tiie doctor tame run ning inito irfie ward, his face flu- died winli pleasure, and waving a, copy of the "Ob server" over his head. "Read this, you unbelieving .Tew!'' he cried, shoving the jMj>ev into "Charlie's" bauds. "Read this, and then acknow ledge th't I was right!'"' "Oiiarlie's" eyes sought the place marked by ithe doctor's linger, a.nd. this is what they s:i. "Wanted, inforiiiaition concerning the present whereabouts of Lionel Courtenay, of Courteniay Chase, shire, who left EngCamd in the s.s. India on the 22nd June, 18-, and was last heard of in Sydney three months later. All has been discovered, and his father entreats him to return Lome at once." Lionel-to give him his proper name looked up in a half-dazed fashion at the glowing face of his friend. "I told you it was all right," cried the latter. "?vow, you see, you must borrow your passage-money from me." Lionel could only press the hand stretch ed out to him. His heart was too full for words. Only now lie realized how he loved his father and the old home. A flood of memories cauie over him, and his eyes grew dim with tears. The little doc-tor, seeing how things were, wrung his hand and went quietly away. Once more the scene changes to that it which we first met our hero. Father and son are sitting together, their hands clasped firmly, their eyes brimming over with love. Then Lionel hears how a cousin of his, the next heir in the event of his disinheritance, committed the scoundrelly actions for which he was blamed, and how this same cousin had forged the letter purporting to come from Lucy Graham, which was the chief cause of all the trouble. That recital finish ed, Mr. Courtenay listens with eyes wide open to Lionel's tiles of stifring adventure in Queensland, and shudders when the story conies to the night of the rush, as he thinks how narrow was his boy's escape. "You have to thanlc poor old Roany for ever seeing me again,' concludes Lionel, "Had he not broken his neck when he fell, and thus lain perfectly still, forming a; shield between me and those sharp hoofs, I would have been cut into ribbons." "Then, God bless old Roany, as you c-all him," said Mr. Courtenay fervently. Many a bushman. remembering jonie su preme service done him by his most- faithful friend, will-changing the name-also .'ex claim, "God bless old Roany!" ^ 