TKE STORYTELLER Chloris of the Island. By H. B. Maekiott-Watoon. CHAPTER XIII. vas some time ere he regained his numb ?' . usneps aud made out his position. The ? ??:- id carriid him hither and thither at its ?? il, nd wbeu weary of him had cast him up i- ? ? ';? on some barrtn shore. He lay in a quiet ; ? ?. ? -biug and flowing with the seaweed, for the ? i . id turned and was running1 seaward again. '? ' his senses and his sensations returned, and ??? oke to new life and some of his customary i, he was aware of the dawn buyond the .d breaking grey and misty. Behind him ?e.H thundeied upou the beach ; before him whins and. bracken of the moorland, and ? . ? j signs he guessed that he must be some ? .???. b.yond the village from which ho had : ??? d the boat, and more than a mile south of f He dragged himself out of the pool, ? - -d up with bis facs to the east, after which a to go nlowly alung the path that t-hould 1 into Marlock. ? ? ' i he awoke in the Tim e Feathers the first hat struck his eyes was the revenue sloop ? ??.?-. . i the ofliug ; and at that appearance once ivisited him the doubts and questions of t. It waB ttill « arly in the afternoon, and mrned with fer^c iiy, striking angrily upon . ? e houses of the vi lage down the street ?. Warburton sauutertd. If bis step was thoughts rau quickly and impatiently, another cuntnt uow from that in which ..ad. flowed before. He was subject to a iction wl.ich dissuaded him. from, all his ? : fancies aLd ri asoniugs. He clung with was generous in him to his nocturnal ?, yet this hard and infidel spirit was him rudely away. He experienced a -ulsion, aud his old hostility surged up in jrim, ruthles* aud desperate as ever. d back on his pursuit, his escape, and the iggle with death with new animosity in igs towards the Caimichaels. They were nou bravoes and cut- purses, and deserved ?» of the law and whatsoever personal « he himself might take. The events of , ous night seemc d a long way off and ; lifferent look m w that he was come to nd under no rule of emotion. He felt in t with compla- ency for the paper that 1 end those gentry to the gallows *nd ? ? ? their ignoble names. jop lay under the cliffs below Marlocs, * . ' m a summer sea, as Warburton came ? the beach ; a gig had put out and drew the shore. He watched the landing d was suddenly surprised to hear his it, 'tis Mr. Warburton, ia it not ? I i oted to meet none of my acquaintances ;, ild place.' ?ed nearer at the speaker, who was quite ery elegant of dresti and perton and bad \- smiling face. He had jut-t stepped \- om the boat. : lognise your face, sir,' said he, bowing, ? '-.... on my life I have forgotten the name.'' 11 ibrand, sir,' says the young ofiu-er with i f ceremony. ' I have met you at S.r ; . kove's — you and my Lord Crayle.' : b, you aie right,' said Warburton, v/ith bow. '? I knew not that you were on ' ??: -*?' , m in command,' said he. '? Captain ban got his promotion, while I rot in this . ?:?'«», egad.' will do me the favour to dine, Mt. id,' said Warburton civily. ' I am at i vith a damnable cuisine and rare brandy. he laughed, ' that should interest you. il lay your hands on tbu contraband that . ?:. o other.' .; : rand smilep, but appealed somwhat un ler tbis je«t. ' I am now on the coast,' . j . ' 'Tis an outlawed place and full of ?-?;?. spirits. There is no nimpaoy fit for a ? . an, I am told, save Sir Stephen Carmiohael : its. I had not reckoned on yourself. I ;pt your invitation with pleasure.' l will go to call on Sir Stephen ? ' asked ton, viewing the young fop thought ? ly, ' s»ys he, el jvating his eyebrows in a ecced manner. ' Why, damme, 'tis the . . ? atleman, so they say ; and he has a hand . ? -.ughtir, I have heaid.' at is true,' says Warburton slowly. ' If r he lias a handsome daughter they say ut rather less than truth.' ?'?sat!' cried Gellibrand. ogling. 'You ? eon her ? You are a dog. Mr. War -damme, a right-down desperate dog, he world like my Lord Crayle, your uncle, hsili see her ; gad, you shall not have the of me. I am even now upon my way t Sir Stephen's invitation.' u have an invitation ? ' inquiied War curiously. at 1 have, sir. It reached me by a lugger .ye since. Gad, I take it friendly in Sir . i. He had heard of me in these parts, and his devoirs — a damnable Ene gentleman. ? heard of him, kept from Court by his ies ' ly Warburton took a resolution He iot suffer this silly lieutenant to pay his 3ut would thrust another duty upon him. 3d him to fancy with what a different ' 8 fine fellow would land upon the island, was pleased also to think that Sir Stephen's r had been frustrated by an accident. He arm in the lieutenant's, d, sir, I will take no refusal,' he said igly. ' Your visit will keep. I have you ad you shall be my guest. I'll warrant I ou batter liquor than any that paid his y Besides, there is Sir George Everett here, of whom you have beard, and a monstrous pretty creature is his ward.' hJr^f8^'' *** &ellibr;«ad, preening his for light flyaway*. Let them that steal 'cm keep em. I want no stained goods ' 'Pie!' says Warburton, rallying him. She is an innocent. She is not tarnished. You ' Well, here's to your good health, Mr. Warburton.' shall eee her and judge. I wager that she touches your fancy, as she toucbtd poor Shir ley's.' ' I shall touch hers, Mr. Warburton. I have a pretty coat to my back when I have the whim,' said Gellibrand complacently. '? By Heaven, these girls like a brave coat in his Mujt-sty's livery. I am in your hands, sir.' Warburton led him amicably towards the l_^i^^— — i mil ami ? ??? — ^^— ? ? ? il ^ ? 1 1 Swiftly sle clung about him. ' Dear, give me this.' Three Feathers, and presently glasses were laid upon a table in the garden, and a bottle of wine was fetched by the obsequious innkeeper. War burton took off his hat, baring bif? head to the mild air, and pledged his-companion. ?? Now we have you here, Mr. Gellibrand,' said he with his blunt civility, ' we shall make a difference in this neighbourhood, It has run too Wild, I tell you.'' The lieutenant cocked his hat and sipped his wine bridling. ' Perish me, Mr. Warburton, you are r'afat. I will make a difference. Post gate was lazy and loved his bottle ; not but what I ha /e a palate for good liquor, but, stop me, I kuow my duty to the Lords of the Admiralty as well as his Majesty's Customs. I will burn 'em out of their holes.' *' And I shall drink no more such wine,' says Warburton whimsically. ' Gad, that's so ; T had f argot that,' said the little lieutenant. ' I wonder whence this comes — ripe liquor, damned ripe. Faith, I should not be drinking it, now I thTnk of it.' -( What, Mr. Gellibrand ! ' said Warburlon in surprise ; ' you refuse a little from your hoet. I tell you that is paid for. 'Tis mine. And whence comes it ? What the devil do you know. Ycu. can have your guesB as I have mine. I shall take it ill of you if you secede. By Heaven, I ?will not be denied.' ?' You say rijrhtly. Damme, no offence,' said Gellibrand hastily. ' I will drink your bottle. Well, here's to your good health, Mr. in what you say, I will beg leave to propose her. Warburton, and our common prosperity, if I may join myself with you. And, egad, I would add an honoured name to that, and that's my Lord Crayle, your uncle. I hope his health holds ; though, hang me, if I should say so, saving your presence, Mr. Warburton. The devil, let my lord's health be, eh ? He ! he ! What say 50U to toasting a girl. Gad, if that Miss Carmichael Here's to her. Excuse me, Mr. Warburton, 'tis long since I have seen a gentleman, and one of your quality ? I am your obedient servant. Well, here's to — what the devil is her sweet name ? ' ' She is Miss Cirmiohael,' said Warburton, eyeing the dwindling bottle. ' To be sure, aLd what's t'other, Mr. War burton. My soul, yes. That little catkin that bolted. Well, she may have stains on her. I care not ; 'tis nothing to do with me.' As he drank deeper he talked moie garrulously and more foolishly, and out of his conversation started the vanity, guod -nature and boaslfulness of his character. But Warburton had little interest in him beyond the resolve to keep him from Lynsea that day, and watched him grow lipsy wi*.h contemptuous indifference, auswering shortly or not at all to his rambling questions. As they sat together by the briar hedge of the little garden a shadow emerged and fell swiftly upon the table. Warburton looked up and started to perceive Chloric* Car michael standing between him and the sun. Her face was set with a glance of honour and fear towards Gellibrand, who chatteriug incessantly, did not notice either the apparition of a stranger or Warburton's start. ' Carmichael,' says he, piping loudly, '? 'Tis a good name and one related, I believe, to my Lord the Marquess of Heywood. I will pay him a visit for sure. Damme, that I will.' Chloris's gaze flew to Warbuiton, and the colour overwhelmed her fair skin in a flood ; her undeilip trembled. He rose, and making some indifferent apology, Btrode towards herwhithershe had withdrawn among the bashes. ' You are set down with that man ? ' she whispered in awe. ' What are you relling him ? Oh, sir, sir, withhold your tongue.' ' 'Tis my own property,' said he co3lly, for he was nettled by her tones and what in her he supposed to be anxiety for the safety of her brothers. ' True, 'tis your own,' she said slowly. '? Yet I must ha«re speech with you. Does this man know what you hold over us ? ' ' I will tell him when I choose,' said War burton sullenly She laid hold of his arm with her fingers. ' You shall hear me first- Swear to me that you will hear me first. I have something to communicate. I cannot stay now, for Philip awaits me in the village, and I must not be known to be here. Yet I must see you. I dare not come here. You will be kind, sir, if ycu meet me as soon as you inay on the dunes in the ruined chapel. You will find the way easily ; ' and, as he made no answer, broke out fiercely, chang ing sharply as she was wont, ' you shall obey me ; you shall come. I have a right to demand it. Roger Warburton, by Heavan, you shall come.' 'I will promise, and I will come,' said he, suddenly moved to the depth of his slow mind. She turned and fled as the lieutenant's bead rose over the bushes, and Warburton met him with a frown. ' Perish me, Mr. Warburton,' cried Gelli brand, ' petticoats, and, damme, pretty ones ! You have an eye. What is thn creature's name ? Gad, this p!ace is hot with 'em. I flatter my telf I am come to a green meadow and can eat my fill of grass,' ?'Drink your ail, best diiuk your fill, lieutenant,' said Warburton, who desired not to be troubled further by him. ' I think there are five etrong sailors that I saw, who will cairy you, if you be indis posed to walk. 'Tis a man's duty to his friend not to leave any heel- taps.' ' Damme, I leave none,' said Gellibrand gravely. ' I should think it shame to do so in company with a generous drinker like yourself, sir. As for the sloop, bang me, if I care what becomes of her this weather. Tis a wretched trade, this catching of smugglers.' Yet Warburton saw him sufficiently advanced to be unsteady on his legs, and conducted him Kafely to his boat, which carried him aboard the O:?prey. Once there he was not likely to venture upon his threatened visit tu Lyusea and the Car michaels, which was all that Warburton desired. He himself, quit of his fool, set forth at once to keep his appointment with Chloris. He was confident that he knew what she had to say and was annoyed of it ; yet oddly woven in his anger and impatience was a feeling of admiration, of belief, of surrender. He took his way across the dunes with his large stride, revolving ihese tender and curious and perplexing matters in his mind. For once in his life this resolute roan could not come to a resolution, and the wavering puzzled him, even alarmed him. Backwards and forwards he swayed, drawn hither and (hither on the quick pulse of passion, with his mind and his will rising and falling in see-saw, unable to catch at any firm conclusion to save them. The lieutenant bad stayed long, and departed drunken, bo that the time was drawing late when Warburton started to walk across the sand-hills. Moreover, he bad no very clear knowledge as to the site of ibe chapel in which he was to meot Miss Carmichael. He had a greater care for her than she had for herself, and he did not desire to set tongues wagging by open inquiries ; for why (these gossips would ask) should he be seeking the luinous chapel so near by the fall of evening ? Thus it was that he was delayed long upon the way, going by tedious circuits, and spying gradually to the scene of that assignation. The month was already far gone, yet. the moou had grown so late as to bring down the shadows upon the valleys of the duties, and showed the long boats in diurnal colour of darkness. The heat of the eun, gathered all day into these pits of sand, now rose in a close vapour, which there was no wind to scatter. The air was harsh with the heat and clammy with moisture, so that he walked in discomfort, plodding across the broken grey spaces with a rising anger. And suddenly, in a little hollow, under the shelter of a mound of sand, stood up tbe bleak and roofless walls of the abandoned church. Long since had it fallen into disuse and decay. Its structure dated from early British Christianity, and its site was witness to a curious distribution of inhabitants about that ugly wilderness. Warburton entered by one of the gaps in the THE LATE MR. ANDREW LODER, Died at Amy Park, Liverpool, on the 19th ultimo, aged 7-1 years. The late gentleman M'as a leading pastoralist and breeder of high-cass stock. In the early days of the Austra'ian Jockey Club, a- stated in the ' Mail's ' Turf Columns of the 2Cth ult., he took an active pait in turf affairs and. raced several good horses. walls and passed down the sandy aisles, looking for Cnloris ; but ere he had gene a dozen steps he saw her approaching swiftly from the heap of fallen masonry about Ihe chancel. ' You have been long,' she said, not with any reproach, yet with an impatience. ' T was entertaining a drunken fool,' he answered briefly. ' Ah ! ' she said quickly, ' you told him nothing ? What said you to him ?' She looked on him, very vehement, very beauti ful, and most deeply moved ; and something in the wild attractions of her faoe checked War burton's bluff reply. ' I have waited until I should see you,' he said instead ; ' I have kept my promise.' In the midst of the satisfaction that shone on her features she turned suddenly cool, and her eyes dropped ; her smile died away, and she fingered her hands together with nervous embarrassment. His coldness abashed her. ' Mr. Warburton,' said she, speaking with some of his own deliberation and with a studious calmness. ' 'Twat- but yesterday I learned how you are pursuing a yieat and aore hostility to those of my fam'ly. They have fallen uuder your displeasure — I know not with what justice, nor upon whose side in the right. Nay, sir, I io not ask to kuow. But if there be some wrong on theirs, I ask you if your cause is wholly righteo You are following: a vengeance which, 'tis i yours but God's to exact, and which, when comes to His proper time, He will take for b upon those that are guilty. Why do you arrog to yourself His functions, you who are but a ma : Will you not, sir, give up this conflict and ce to plot revenges, leave Time to bring its dest and the Almighty God to puoish what i where He will ? ' She faced him now with her lips parted, 2 the warm blood glowing in her cheeks, and excitement rose ; but he stared straight in countenance, angered with her pleading, ; seeing in her once more but the traitor daughter of a traitoious race. ' Is it this that you came all this way to of me ? ' he inquired, coldly. ' If 'tis so, y trouble might have been spared. I can give ; nothing that you ask.' ' You ahall give it,' she cried passional making a step to him. ' My father is ill ; h at death's door, aod they say 'tis your act. 1 so great a favour that I ask of you, I that what I am ? ' He gazed at her coldly. ' Cease ; I care n( be said, brutaily. All the blood in her body seemed now to run sudden to her face aud hang there ; she was like a carnation flower, and her parted quivered, while her eyc-s bedewed themselves 1 tears. She had touched him as she had tow him once before, and upon that magical V: ucb winced and stirred. ' For my sake,' she urged softly, bloor like a tender child, half-afraid, half-ashamed, wholly innocent. ' Nay, but for me you wi. thin.' Warburton withdrew a step, drawing a h breath. He put out an arm as though he -\\\ thrust aside this terrible temptation. She v witch, she was a devil.' ' I will do it for none,' he said harshly. Chloris was silent ; then, 'Yet,' she whiBp ' 'twas I that saved you last night, I who this from you now.' ' I bave eaid,' he answered, ' that your brother you saved, not I.' ' What is't you mean ? ' the asked wi quick breathleesness. ' Are you in earnesl cannot understand you. You are strange, spoke certain things to me last night. Ah, God, how you spoke then ! I have tr . you. Are you false — are you false — arc . . false?' 'What I have said I meant,*' he np- stubbornly. '? I have said nothing but wha ?? true. I warned you, Chloris, that I was th- i of your race, and that it should not mitter t y- You cannot help yourself.' ' Ah,' she said low, ' your love is that --. - ? kills. It asks all sad gives nothing. !T- pitiful sort of love.' ' I care not what you call it,' he ,? roughly, 'lam master.' Swiftly she clung about him. ' Dear, gi ? :: this ; give me this, dear. This hostility {?^a-\\- sen us and dfcaflects us. I will not have ling stand between us.' ;- strove to detacn her, but in rain, for his ';. s refused their office. Tie you who are in peril,' she cried. ' I 1 have my father die in peace. You, but I ? or you, too. Think how desperately I am to ;ied, who stand in danger to lose father and er and — and you at one cruel stroke.' caressed her hair. '? You shall not lose me, is dear,' he answered grimly ; ' you are ? too high.' ' 'romise me, promise me that you wili leave : -;katonce.' she pleaded. 'Promise me ? you will not run these awful risks. Ere ?? : las knows that you are alive and here, you scape inland aDd reach London — there to — to—' Cis impossible,' he said, even more grimly ; r brother must already know of my presence. \- been at the inn all day.' wept and wrung her liandr*. ' Trup,' dded, ' 'tis roo late,' and quickly falling :rom bim, pointed a ^baking baud towaids )ken pillars of ihe aisle, which weie (.lowly . mwrapped in tbe falling darkness. lere.' she wbiVpertd hciarsi-ly, ' you t-ea . There is that which speaks to you of ite. 'Tis too late. You have brought estiny en yourself. Even already they -u watched ngain. There is no escape for burton turned sharply at her words and in the gathering gloom, ho is there '? ' said be. 8 a spy,' she whispered back, has heen you ? ' he cried anxiously, are not,' she said, raising her head with tne. u must not be seen. 'T would be your he urged. ..' tughed slightly. ' I am not ashamed to ?? ' : ' she said, ' nor to be seen here. I hing what they know. I care only if they take you from me.' r ;y will never do that,' eays he softly. .? - ? ? rith a passionate cry she was gone on his ? ??-. and snatched like a ghost into the shadows ? '; ?- aight. He ran forward between the ?A -jv. of the aisle, calling to her, but nothing . ???? ? j ? d to him out of that vacancy which had ??#??.! '.ed her up. ' Come back, come back,' he ? i, »d came out into the darkness of the open -;.;?:, calling among the hillocks of sand, ?i back, come back.' i oo voice responded to tbe name he »\?,-. -,1 sd into ihe empty dunes. (To be continued.) 