THE HERALD. ADELAIDE: NOVEMBER 10, 1900. The Holder Government will be known as " The Next Session Ministry." They started their career with large and liberal promises. Their programme included, according to the Go vernor's speech, " A Bill A NEXT SESSION MINISTRY. for the Revision of the Constitution with a view to economies necessary on the advent of Federation." Such a measure was introduced, but instead of fighting it to a finish they ignominiously expressed with eagerness their willingness to accept the very first amendment suggested. That amendment provided for a joint sitting of the two Houses, and was approved of by no section of the House. The Government had displayed its weak ness to the gaze of the Opposition, and the Bill was doomed. The Ministry smiled and retained their seats. A goodly portion of the first part of the session was stupidly, or cleverly—you pay your money and take your choice—wasted over the Local Government Bill, with Buckley's show of getting through. Then there was to be a Workman's Liens Bill. That was a measure in the interests of workmen who are constantly being defrauded of their earnings, and the / Liberal- cum-Labor Ministry decided it will be time enough if it makes its appear ance "next session." There was to be an amendment of the Food and Drugs Act, but what does it matter if the masses have to pay for and eat a few more pecks of dirt, and the adulterators are allowed to continue scooping in their shameless profits. The Bill for the Repurchase of Land for Closer Settlement had not a ghost of a chance of being accepted, so it speedily went the way of the Port Ade laide Graving Dock. Grainger pointed out that the people of South Australia were being poisoned by raw wine contain ing excessive quantities of equally raw spirit, and this,, too, will be cured—next session. The Public Service has been anxiously awaiting legislation that will place officers on a fairer footing—the Bill has been on members' files for weeks, but no Bill can possibly be passed till next session. When that great and glorious period arrives it will be too late for hundreds of our Civil servants, who will then be under the control of the Federal Government. Many who are in the anomalous position of being pro. and tern, officers will be at a disadvantage compared with their brethren in the other colonies, and will remember with bitterness the dilatoriness of " The Next Session Ministry." The bosoms of Ministers are swelled with sympathy for the under-paid laborers—but it would never do to im prove their position before next session. Mining has a great deal to contend against on account of glaring defects in the Com panies Act. This is painfully apparent to the Ministry, who are determined to remedy the evils—next session. There is nothing in particular on the Statute book as yet; but the Government shall have due recognition for anything useful that gets there. What we wish to point out is that the next occupants of the Treasury Benches will have to be much smarter men than their predecessors if the present generation is to have the benefit of pressing reforms. It is quite evident there will be no lack of work for the local parliament when Federation is accomplished. Apart from other questions, the legacies enumerated will prevent mem bers having to scratch their heads in wonder as to what they will tackle in order to justify their existence as a paid body from whom useful service is ex pected. In a recent issue of the Nineteenth Century a real live bishop laments the fact that after eighteen centuries statesmen of Christian teaching a and the great deal of public life, sermon on although in the hands of the mount. Christian statesmen, is to all practical intents and purposes still carried on as though the Sermon on the Mount had never been spoken, and only the lower or selfish motives had a rightful claim to exercise dominion in practical affairs. There is good ground for this lamentation. There is a lot of the whifced sepulchre about- our politics. And equally true is it that the Christian Church is responsible for a great deal of whitewash. The majority of the members of the churches have only an academic belief in the doctrine of the brotherhood of man. They may have a bowing acquaintance with it on Sundays, but they cut it severely on every other day in the week. Christianity applied to private life and not to public a flairs is like a one-legged man—it has very little go iii if- And yet 99 per cent, of the teach ing of 99 per cent, of the ehurch<M deals only- with "the application ofrC.hristianity to the individual life. In. our opinion the application for Christian principles to the public life is infinitely more impor tant, than ic is to that of the private:life. Environment is a far more potent factor than heredity in determining what a man's life shall be. The State is the determiner of the environment of the people within it to a great extent. How important then that the State should be governed on the lines which would secure the best environment for all. Christianise the environment and you make private Christianity immensely easier. We beg to propose that an effort be made forthwith to Christianise politics. Let every church in South A scheme to Australia constitute itself christianise a Society to Further the politics. Application of Christian Principles to the Public Affairs of the Colony. Then let it be provided, approximately :— 1\. That employment shall be found for everyone who requires it. 2\. That none shall suffer want if it can be reasonably avoided. 3\. That every vestige of special privi lege, by which some men have an advantage over another, be ■ abolished. 4\. That every man and woman shall be treated as a full member of the community, with equal rights and privileges with every other mem ber of the community. 5\. That all workmen shall be fairly paid and properly cared for. 6\. That strict justice shall be ensured as between man and man. 7\. That the spirit of brotherhood shall permeate all our public institutions and public administration. If this were done by the churches in South Australia half the battle for national righteousness would be won. We would have some of our big land owners proposing an increased land tax, and our manufacturers urging parliament to pass the Factories Sill. Legislative Council voters in great number would be in favor of adult suffrage for both Houses ! Members of parliament, no matter how hard-hearted they are, would not be able to resist such appeals. May the time speedily come. Which church will be the first to second our proposition and thus give the millenium a big lift ? The Federal elections are fast approach ing, and parties are busy marshalling their forces. Unfortu the federal nately for themselves, the elections. Liberals have no organisa tion, and on that account are confronted with a difficulty in any attempt they make to form alliances. As the Labor Party has decided to run only two candidates for each House, Liberals can see there is no desire on the part of that body to prevent them having a fair share in the representation. The Labor Party will have to exercise caution in dealing with overtures that may be made by irresponsible individuals, who would be very glad to have the powerful aid of the Party for their own purposes without being able to give in return a quid pro quo. From a Labor standpoint, Liberalism in politics at the present time is at a discount, as it is difficult for the ordinary elector to distinguish between the real and the spurious. To emphasise this one has merely to glance at the attitude on the franchise question of members who term themselves Liberals. Although some of them were returned pledged to secure household franchise and others to support a £15 qualification, we find them coquetting with the Opposition and prepared to support the outrageous franchise proposals which have emanated from No. 1 Room, The Bill in chaiige of the leader of the Opposition can only be carried -with the aid of members in question, and should this eventuate, then good-bye to household suffrage for many a long day. This should lead the Labor Party to be very wary in drawing up its plan of campaign. In the interests of progress w.e sincerely trust that straight going Liberals will be returned along with the Labor candidates to the Federal Parliament, but there must be no running with the hare and hunting with the hounds—if the former hope to get the democratic vote. If* the campaign is conducted fairly and squarely there need be no fear for the success of both Laborites and Liberals. The National Ass. Party has already damaged itself in the eyes of the country by its selfish decision at the jannual meeting to select eight candidates, showing conclusively they will be content with nothing less than the lion's share of representation. When the numbers go up, in spite of its long purse, the Ass. will find it has at last badly overreached itself in its eagerness to capture seats out of all proportion to its numbers. The necessity for a daily paper in the interests of the masses of the people becomes more apparent A daily paper day by day. Many matters wanted. of vital importance to the workers are kept in the background, while others of trivial moment are given undue prominence. There is a wholesome fear of offending the wealthy and advertising classes. An instance of how capitalistic color is imparted in the reading matter by the orthodox daily press is given in the New York letter published in the Advertiser on Friday last. Referring to the great coal strike in Pennsylvania, the writer says :— "It is very unlikely that this strike will remain long unsettled, for there is full time for everybody and the wages, 2.50 dollars for the skilled miner for less than eight hours, is not unfair." One would imagine from this that there is very little cause for complaint on the score of wages, but the facts are that the miners of Pennsylvania are amongst the worst treated in the world. It is only playing with the truth to say that skilled miners get 2.50 dollars per day. What do the general body of workers receive ? A detailed statement of the mineowners themselves shows that all the wages of the region aver ige only 20 dollars a month. According to the statements of the workers the aver ige wa^es Jhave for many years been below 250 dollars per annum. This is a long way from the 2.50 dols. per day which the Advertiser cor respondenttalks about. Even the Engineer ing and Mining Journal of New York admits that the wages of coal miners in the United States are lower than in Germany. The statement of the corre sp mdeat is a lurid instance of suppres sion of the truth, to prejudice the position of the workers. But the low wages were but one of many real live grievances. The masters refused to meet the men either before the strike or immediately after. They unblushingly told the news papers that they relied upon the superior po>ver of their wealth to win. In the end they had to back down completely, and unionism secured one of the most signal victories of late years. Yet the great mass of the workers of Australia know practically nothing about it through their daily press. The meeting of ratepayers on Tuesday evening metaphorically administered the "cat" to Messrs. Will administering cox & Co. for the dis the "* cat." graceful proceedings in the Legislative Council last week on the Tramways question. And, unkindest cut of all, "Granny" joined in the flogging process on Wednes day morning. If the parcel of legislators who were responsible for the painful exhibition of brutish force have any sense of shame in them, they ought e'er this to have felt heartily sorry for haying made such asses of themselves. Their feelings of personal honor, however, are probably encased in an epidermis akin to that of the rhinoceros. It is satisfactory to know that the public are exasperated at the audaciousness of the members referred to, and that- in the end the latter will find that they have been preparing a rough rod for their own backs. When the hour of retribution comes they will not even have the consolation of being able to sing conscientiously—"Whiter than Snow." 