SKKTORiiili HAUNTED CHURCHES. {7o who livo at tho oloso of this nine teenth contury can hardly think it possible that tho strango stories of ghoat-haunted ohurohea v/oro onco firmly boliovod. ^ Happily for tho peaoo of tho regular 1 ohurohROor thoro aro but fow ohurohes in I n ? i ^.l.i.1. l.nwi fljrt roniltation of ureat i-rniuu \/uiuu being tho homo of epirita, and oven these that nro haunted do not appear to suffer materially by reason of their boing so aa C° Ttfobeautiful Dovonehiro church ol Ottory St Mary (whioh may bo said to bo Exeter Cathodral in miniature— so muoh does it rosomblo it) oontalns, inter alia, several monuments. Ono is orootod to tho momory of John Coko, of Thorne, who died in 1082/ and ropresonts an armod soldior habited in half armcur, with trunk hoso and Jaok boots. His left hand grasps tho hilt of his sword, whilst his right holds a baton. It is boliovod ho- woa raurdorcd for mor oonory motives by a younger brothor. Wo aro told that bocauso of tho injustioo dono him, bin spirit oannot roat, and his statuo thoroforo stops down from its nioho at night and stalks through tho sllont ohuroh. Adjaoont to tho ohuroh at Tamerton Foliott is tho old Oopleutono Ook, bonoath v/hose branohoa a mombor of tho Coplcatono family wne murdered a numbor of years ago. Small wonder, thon that it io said his restlcpn npirit haunts tho quiet churchyard— apparently ceoking comfort in reading tho tombstones of thoso who v/cro privileged to dio iu tho ordinary courco of ovento. Porhapn tho best known of thoso hauntod buildings in Scotland is tho *Auld Alloway Kirk* of Ayr. Tradition naya that a farmor on his v/ay honio from Ayr ouo markot night uaw tho pluoo was lighted up, and on look ing in at tho window ho bohold tho Dovil, with a number of old women danoing around him, Ono ho reooguiccd and shouted , 1 V/col, luppan LXaggio, wi tho ohort oark !' Re^onting thin Interruption, tho Evil Ono and his companions gavo ohcco to tho frightoned farmer, who mndo all huato for tho brldgo of Doon, ond orc::ed tho stream by tho merest ohanco, in timo to crxapo capturo by tho Dovil. Burns perpotnates tho legond in his famous 4 Tam o* Shantor/ His Satanio Majesty is again responsible 1 for tho spirits haunting tho ohuroh ol Widdcoombo-in-tho- Moor, on Dartmoor. Tho edifieo was, on Sunday, October 21, 1G38, otruok by lightning and sovoroly damaged. F'our porsons wnro killed and sisty-two injured. Tho Dsvil is caid to havo oauccd this thunderstorm, and ha is positively known (according to tradition) to havo attended at widdecombo personally on that day in the guise of a horcoinan. It la asserted that tho spirit forms of tho four pooplo killed havo smso walked tho ohuroh at nightfall, and tho prevailing belief among j tho moormen is that thoy will do co until tlio 1 Last Day. 1 Tho old ohuroh of St. Mary, at Borry Pomeroy, cccms to mako far too good a nio turo for a haunted building. Novortbolcso, if wo credit tho history of an early oooapior of Borry-Pomoroy Cautln, adjacont, and her association with tho obnroh, wo find suoh io tho case. Tradition again tollo un how tho daughter of a fozmor lord of tho castlo mur dored her ohild thoro, and that In death oho apparently pucrea pact of her timo at tho coono of tho tragedy, and tho romalnder at tho^ gravo of hor dead ohild, whioh waa buried in tho ohuroh. Hor apparition, it b said, has appeared on covoral occasions to indopendout persona, and tho fcotu mado a vory strango dory; but as it haa not beon noon for noarly u ooutury, it io to bo hopsd nor u-ouuieu spirit has at ia3t sound colaoo. Tho old ohurohyard of Kulvedon, Ei3es, also has ita ghost, for a logond runo that a local millor — * tho only honest millor in tho county '—was so poor that ho wan unablo to pay hio way. This prayed ujion hio mind so muoh that ho committod auioido by hanging himself irom a trco thoro, and further, ho io irequontly notiocd— by thoso qualifiod to sco suoh sights — hovering around tho ohuroh yard with a hultor around hio nook and hio tonguo hanging out. 