ARUM TEMPERANCE. RPERCH PV SIR GEORGE WHITE. ■ Sir George White is a vice-president of the Army Temperance Association. At its annua! meeting in London recently he said:— When this association was first started I very often found that It had to over come some opposition from commanding officers, men. I would say. not of the widest mental range. (Laughter.) I have heard eloquent words to-day about the system of "treating." which may he described ns the pressure put by comrades upon other‘members of society to drink. I appeal to men in the army who have Jived In barracks and who know what thnt pressure is. The Army Temperance room always enables a man to get away from this sort of pressure. It Is a har bor of refuge from who: is sometimes Very rough weather outside. We have had reference to-day to the war in South Africa. I know from experience, not of that war alone, but of many wars, that the tendency of a war is to deplete an association like this. We have had re ferences to men. thirsty and covered In dust, naturally •.■anting a stimulant, and they have in some cases failen. and small blame to them. Allusion has also been made to an en forced system of temperance that van conducted at a place called Ladysmith. nLaughtcr). Well, ladles and gentlemen, ■there .was an enforced sort of temper ance of another sort, and that was with regara to'food ^applies too, and perhaps that garrison may be congratulated on tlie absence of liquor. I may tell you from personal experience that the crime which T had to.deal with most often was eleopltig tm 'sentry. Now everyone here will understand the danger of sleeping i on sentry when .there are a number of i Boefs'round. It becomes a very incau tious proceeding even for the sentry him self." .. The conditions were very condu cive to slumber. We did not like to stand up on certain occasions : it wa pleasanter to lie prone. (Laughter). After a day with only a black tarpaulin as shel ter from a hot sun men naturally feel sleepy and heavy, and after working very hard at entrenchments on small rations they arc done at night. Knowing that it was physical inability more than In dulgence in drink T took upon myself to remit a very large proportion of the punishment which younger and less ex perienced officers were Inclined to give for what is undoubtedly and must al ways be a very grave military crime. The report shows tfiat the amount of money subscribed to your excellent work is ex traordinarily small. Reference has been made to a fund which, I am proud to hear, has reached three millions and a half of shillings already for widows and orphans. (Cheers). But there are many widows' and orphans made by intemperance, and there are many women and children who are neither widows nor orphans who are kept very unhappy during their lifetime from the same cause. I would like to see more given to the cause which we are met here to advocate. (Cheers). Bishop Brindle’s description of the Battle of Omdurman was very vivid, but indubitably the most beautiful touch of all was that with which he concluded the lecture—a lecture given, by the way, In aid. of the Eastbourne Convalescent Home for sick and wounded soldiers from the front. Speaking of the famous memorial service at Khartoum, at which four chaplains—the Anglican, Presby terian, Methodist. and Catholic—officia ted. the Bishop raid: "At the conclusion I saw the Sirdar with his head bowed In his hands, and tears .trickling through his fingers. For many moments he was so overcome that he" could not even say a word of thanks to those who had assisted in the service." Strong natures are strongly touched to fine issues. It is no . wonder that he ’who, face to face, saw a ■ Bight like this, should, while admitting that his friend Is a "man with a mask,” resent .with warmth the charges of hard ness and coldness brought against him. As the "Dioptric and Ophthalmometrlc Review” is the organ of the British Opti cal Association, the following incident narrated in its pages may have scientific importance: A well-known lady who pos sesses a pet Maltese cat found recently that the cat’s eyesight began to fall, so she took him to an oculist. By means of a picture of a mouse the oculist qulckiy learned what was the matter, and was able to fit the eat with glasses. The lenses were set in gold frames, especially made, and now .the cat’s eyesight Is as good as There are many legends about ghosts at Hampton Court Palace. An artist re cently engaged In sketching there tells the authorities that he has seen a spectre hand of the illy and Jewelled variety, per sistently intruding In an Impertinent and familiar way between him and the tapes try he was copying. Last time it ap peared he took a hurried sketch of It, and of a diamond ring on the forefinger. Henry VIII. had a Queen named Cathe rine Howard who. escaping from a room In which she had been Imprisoned by the royal orders, was seized by the Guards and thrust hack again into the room. The hand is supposed to he hers. Periodically the little tragedy of the re-arrent is acted over again. The lady is tall and clad In white. A few ghosts of this kind are of great commercial value, as they provide readable copy as well as a pleasant shivery feeling. , "An hour ago I passed Colonel Baden Powell's ’cosy’ corner’ on the stoep of his house. Our commander had finished his official despatch, and was warbling a musical ditty. He began to warble a few hours after we dusted down the • Boers on that memorable first Saturday, and he has scarcely ceased warbling since. He whistles like a schoolboy, and when one hoars his notes It is impossible hot tovbelleve-that all is well. Tell il not 5m Gath,” continues the "Pall Mall’ war correspondent in Mafcking. in a de lightfully breezy letter to his paper, “but some of us know that the gallant Colons Is also about as good a skirt-dancer sc any that ever ‘brought down the house, and a few favored individuals who wen Invited to dine with him the other even Ing -still talk of the many accomplish ments with which he kept the sides 01 the room a-shake and gained applaust that made'the'hands of the applauders feel sore next day. He la a wonderfully tireless man, ever on the alert, ever with one eye on the enemy and the other divided between the town and that night mare, the native etadt. Some say that he never sleeps, and I half believe that Statement”—“M.A.P." 