TOWN TALK. (By "ECHO.") . THAT we are having it a bit mixed— of courses I mean the weather—with a sunshine ray thrown in haphazardly, and this very soon becomes an ex-ray, not X Ray, its penetrative powers not being yet strong. I'm not weather- wise enough, or I'd prognosticate, but I fear I'd prove avery in-Clement Wraggo, and profit not my readers in essaying to be a prophet. That the "little scrap" in Tumut on Friday evening had a very funny aftermath. Are you listening? Well, it started very quietly, over a wee bit of "barracking as to where one man got that parcel. The 15st. man started the "chaffing," and is now chafing; he also started the pugilism, and is not now, like Oliver Twist, asking for more, as the 11st man got in some fancy work, especially near those artificial ivories. The 11st man was talking afterwards of seeking Police Court arbitration in re one nose, damaged, while Mr. 15st spoke of entering an action for the recovery of teeth which did the disappearing trick. The light-weight avers that the pater, looking on, broke his nose with an umbrella, but as the "gingham" got smashed also, it was decided to "cry quits" over that matter. After verbal argument it was declared that each side had lost, and there was no winner. "Come and have one with me. Here's my host respects." The following ex- cellent moral is a parodied one by "Echo," who offers it free of charge: "Little birds in their nests agree, so why should not you and me." Don't be hypercritical, grammarians. That the EXPRESS songster, "The Cynic," in good meter and well- turned feet, warbles in this issue anent the Governors—the black ones of that ilk. That the Tumbarumba insurance man, though he can assure lives, cannot ensure appointments. That (vide an article in this issue) the "Ghost" is in our columns again. Query: Is that why cattle are browsing in a certain graveyard? That the police have a clue to the Breelong blacks, but that they had better not worry the clue too much, or the blacks will not give themselves up. That Will Howitt is moving. Don't be startled—'tis a move with the times, and only next door, for Tumut can't spare W.T.H. That "Fess," "Trousers," and Co. will require to put their best feet forrard to perform the feat of winning much at the Kenny Sports against one "dark" horse who will come to light, for C—e has got his ped. so "fit" that all others are expected to be. piit'.'i'ri''the!fehil'de made 'by his rapid | onset toward the winning post. That the Gundagai footballers are "pointing" over the Barton Cup com- petition, and won't agree to play the final in Tumut, where, if equity is considered, the match should take place, as two finals have been played in Gundagai as against one in Tumut. Now then, Gundagai lads, line up and show yourselves true sportsmen. Pack into the scrum, and play the game, showing you're not afraid of a fair contest. In this bright lexicon of footballhood, there should be no such word as shirk. That "Echo," having, as usual, heard both sides in regard to that little affair on Sat. night, and knowing that wine in means wit out, refuses to pub- lish either side's narrative. Always adjust differences at once, gents, or as early as possible after sleeping on them. That the ladies of an Amateur Dramatic Company are now sorry that they did not consult the author of that interesting effusion, "Tumut, the Federal Capital," as to what was worn in England during the Crimea, and also in regard to the fashion in Russia during that period. In a dramatic club which possesses no wardrobe, and at present no funds, and where the ladies have always had to supply (at no little expense) their own costumes, even the ultra-fastidious are suffi- ciently magnanimous to overlook the fact that crinolines and poke bonnets were conspicuous by their absence. That Premier Lyne's offer of £500 for a Federal ode will awaken the lyrical lute of the EXPRESS poet, "Cynic," and there will no doubt be many a worse ode offered than he can compose. What the farce after 'the concert to- morrow night will be funny enough to make a wooden image laugh. That there will be a great gathering at the Kenny Sports to-morrow—if the heavenly waterworks don't burst. That the moon, like some humans at times, is full now, and therefore "Echo" expects shortly to hear plenty of tit-bits. That some folk took exception to my remark last issue anent summer being adjacent. Well, what guide is better to form an opinion upon than the dresses worn by ladies, some of which make a chap think we're very near summer? That there was much "muckahi" talk on Chinaman's Flat just lately, when two angry individuals resolved to settle their argument by a set-to with the "raw 'uns." Ah Chong, who was near by, was chosen as referee, but ere many blows had been exchanged (most of 'em in the air) one combatant showed his heels in a quick retreat, the Chow remarking, "Micli, him welly quick!" 