THE QUEEN'S HAND. BT WILLIAM LE QUEUX, * Author of *' Scribes and Pharisees," '« Whoso Findeth a Wifp." '« A Secret Service," " The Day of Temptation," etc., etc. I entered the Silent Kingdom six years ago. 1 Praise be to Allah, whom the weight of a pearl, upon the earth \- does not escape. May prayer and salvation be with the master of the first and last, our Lord Mohammed. Of a verity have I been blessed with blessings abundant, and enveloped by the jsloak of his protection. The adventurës whicH Eave béfallén' me through 'forty years of Bedouin life are many and diverse, but none so astounding as those I encountered when in search of that mysterious phantom of the Soudan, the Fatassi. We, the desert pirates of the tribe Ennitra, dreaded from the Tinghert even to the white city of the Sultan of Sokoto, had left the marshes beside Lake Chad after pillaging a great caravan from the north, and were moving eastward across the stern sterile desert in the direction of Gao,or Kou-Kou, as it is popularly known among us, where we could dispose of our stolen merchandise. For months we had travelled across that immensity of red-brown sands, -where the very birds lose themselves, our camels often stumbling upon some skull, tibia, or even an entire skeleton, the. remains of bygone , generations of travellers who had Îerished on those lonely wastes, he sun blazed fiercely in the flaming sky, the lips were parched ana cracked, and the mouth tilled by the ever-whirling sand. All the water we had was warm, and having been in the skins for many days was full of worms. A scaly viper occas- ionally crossed our route, and at long intervals the swift flight of an antelope was seen.' For days, months, nothing had rejoiced our eyes save the deceitful vision of the mirage, until one evening we decided upon a three days' halt for rest. On the previous day our vision had been gladdened by sight of a small well, where we had refilled our water-skins ; therefore we were enabled to take pur ease, although, being in an entirely unfamiliar country, the watchfulness of our sentries was never fdr a single instant relinquished. We were.trav elling with the son only as our guide, therefore knew not into what territory we had entered, save that it was as barren and inhospitable a region as it has ever been our' lot to encounter-a shadowless land of solitude, abandonment and misery. In our raid upon the caravan near Lake Chad a nundle of papers had come into our possession, and these bad been handed to me as being a scholar and able to speak the tongue of the Franks, but travelling con- stantly I had not had either time or inclination, to examine them. That night, however, alone in my tent, I untied and spread them out. Möst of them, including a kind of diary were written in the language of the Boumis, and as some bore the image of the Liberty of the Franks I con- cluded that they must have belonged to some Zouave officer in the north- ern region of the desert who had pro- bably perished in an attempt to pene- trate south. One paper, however, the last I took up, was written in my own tongue, and I read it eagerly. It was an official letter dated from ihe" Minis- ter of War in Paris urging its reci- pient to secure, if possible, during his explorations the far-famed Fatassi of Koti, as the French Government were extremely anxious to obtain possession of it, and by that letter offered to pay my sheikh or tribes- man a large sum of money in ex- change for it. I put the letter down, .smiled and resumed my pipe. The Franks are, ' indeed, a strange people. Having conquered us in Algeria they believe themselves to be masters of the world. The hapless explorer, who- ever he may have been, had probably died, and certainly his hopes would never be realised, for the Fatassi of the learned marabout Koti was the phantom book of the Soudan. There was not a clansman in the whole of \ the Great Desert who did not known all about that priceless volume, yet no one had even seen it. It had been lost to the world for ages. Mohaman Koti, the learned Arab scholar, who lived at Jenne, near Timbuktu, in the year 850 of the Hegira, was the most esteemed and even tyrannical' councillor of our ancestor its powerful Sultan. Ac- cording to the story common among us his authority is said to have orig- inated thus.. The king one day distributed some *dried dates to his court, and Koti, who had recently arrived, was over- looked. Shortly afterwards the learned councillor assembled a num- ber of people, and to them distributed a number of dates. The miracle-for We have no fresh dates m this region of the far South-having reached the Sultan's ear he discerned that upon Koti was set the Divine seal. and from that moment gave him all his confidence. A few years later the marabout edited a history of the great kingdoms of Ganata, Songhoi, j and Timbuktu, the only history of \ those once all-powerful centres of a civilization now decayed and forgot- ten. Families since grown rich and powerful and the chiefs of various countries were shown to be of very humble origin, oft-times being the off spring of slaves. But while the book was being written news was conveyed to the Sultan of Jenne that the Songhois had revolted and had combined with the great nation of Mossi to attack and capture its capital, therefore in order to save his great store of trea-. sure he at once had it made up into single camel loads, taken out of the city and secreted in various distant spots on the confines of his empire. In these circumstances it became necessary, of course, to keep a strict and minute indication of each spot .where the wealth-of the capital - was concealed in order that it might be recovered after the war, therefore Koti was ordered to inscribe in his book directions how the unearth the great store of gold and germs, the spoils of the wars of four centuries. This, according to our book the Ta rike Soudan he did, and the precious manuscript was given into the Sul- tan's own keeping Ere one moon had waned, however the learned historian died suddenly at Tindirma, where a little white mosque-like house -marks his. grave to this day. It is supposed that he was poisoned by order of the Sultan so that he should not divulge the whereabouts of the secreted trea- sure. The war was afterwards fought, proving disastrous to the Sultan who was compelled tb fly and it is believed was afterwards treacherously murdered as rulers were apt to be in those turbulent days. But the priceless volume and guide to the enormous treasure of ancient Jennë and Timbuktu became lost to all. - For nearly five centuries the recov- ery of the Fatassi, has been the dream | of rich and poor alike throughout the Soudan. The school conveted it because it would shed so much light upon the obscure past of these vast regions ; the camel-driver, the merchant, and the prince alike de^ sired to possess it for the informa- tion it was-known to contain regard- ing the long-lost wealth. It was because of the latter that our i conquerors, the French, desired to obtain it. But theirs, , like my own, was a vain desire. A whole moon passed, and still we Dressed forward towards Gao. ever i in the crimson track of the dying day. One. night however, when the camp was asleep the guards raised the alarm, but so suddenly were we at- tacked that we had scarcely time to defend ourselves against the desper- ate onslaught by a column of French Spahis who had swept down upon us. It was a mad, terrible rush. Al- though our tribesmen fought valiantly and well, it was impossible to withstand the frighful hail of bul- lets poured upon us by a mechanical gun which spat forth lead in a deadly, shower. Our men, seeing the havoc wrought by the develish weapon, turned'and fled. Fortunately the poison-wind had sprung up, and its clouds of saná cannot be faced by the men of the North ; therefore we were enabled to escape, although unfor- tunately compelled to leave the greater part of the stolen camels and merchandise in their possession. As in the confusion I caught a horse sprang upon it and rode into the blinding sandstorm for my life I heard the dull thud of the horse's hoofs of my pursuers. From the noise there must haye been a score or so of them,. anxious no doubt to secure a marauder feared by all the caravans. But swift as the wind it- self I galloped on alone the greater part of the hot, stifling night, unt 1 pulling up, dismounting, and placing my ear to the ground, I could detect no sound of pursuit. At last I had by the narrowest escape evaded the red burnoused men of the North who chief delight is to shoot us down like dogs. In the glimmering t wilight, as night gave place to dawn, I saw before me, a huge dark rock rising from the ocean of sand shaped like a camel's hump, and riding onwavd I tethered my horse beneath it and flung myself down to snatch an hour of sleep ere the sun rose, intending to go forth again and rejoin my scatter- ed tribemens. How long mine eyes were closed Allah, alone knoweth, but when I opened them I found myself lying upon a panther's skin in a darkened chamber, my ears filled with the noise of running water. The place was cooled by the stream, and in the dim recess of the room I could distinguish rich divans. Suspended from the roof was a fine Moorish lamp of chased brass which shed a soft yel- low light, while from the perfuming pan was diffused the intoxicating odour of attar of rose. The light was soft and restful after the accustomed desert glare, and in wonder I rubbed my eyes and glared about me. 'Allah give thee peace, O stranger !' a thin voice croaked, and glancing quickly behind me, I beheld a wizened faced man, small of stature, dressed in a robe of bright blue silk, and so bent by age that his white beard swept the ground, Nothwithstand iüg his venerable appearance, how- ever, his face was dark and forbid- ding and his small black piercing eyes j that time had not dimmed, had a glint of evil in them. Instinctively ere we had exchanged a dozen words, I distrusted him. .' To whose hostilities do I owe the rest and repose I have enjoyed ?" I required, slowly rising to my feet. and stretching my cramped limbs. " My name," the old man answered "is Batouba. I discovered thee sleeping in the sun outside this my dwelling-place, and brought thee in, for the rays had smitten thee with a griev ous sickness, and thou wert on the point of death. Thou hast re- mained my guest these twelve days." " Twelve days!" I cried with incre- dulity,, at the same moment feeling as though I had drunk the palm wine of the pagans. " Then to thee I owe my life ?" I The hideous old man in blue grinned with satisfaction, regarding me with a strange covert glance. By this time my eyes had grown accustomed to the semi-darkness, and I saw that the chamber was a natural one-a kind of arched cavern, the floor of which had been levelled and a channel formed for the cool spring that bubbled forth and rippled away into gloomy depths. " This thy dwelling is beneáth the surface of the earth," I observed, glancing round me in curiosity. "Why dwellest thou here in secret?" " The true Arab answereth not the questions of a robber of the Ennitra," he replied with a sneering accentua- tion on the final word. Allah hath sent thee as myvguest; partake bf all j that I have, but seek; no explanation i of who, or what 1 am." j ' He evidently recognised that I was i a freebooter of the dreadful Ennitra, ! but his strange words, puzzled me. First, 1 had no idea that such a lux- urious abode could exist in the centre of that wild, inhospitable region to which I had penetrated; secondly, the very fact pointed to the conclu- sion that, in my flight, I had ap- proached near , a town ; but, thirdly, I had already proof positive that my ugly host, the man who declared he had saved my life, lied to me. At the well where he had filled our water skins on the day before the fight I had plucked a sprig of jasmine and placed a tiny piece behind my ear beneath the white haick wound about my head. This I recollected, and taking it in my hand, found it ? still limp and undried. By that alone I knew I had not been there many hours,.and that his story was false. I suggested that I should soon be reluctantly compelled to leave, but at once he became more profuse in his hospitality. .'No, not yet," he protested. " I am alone, save for my slaves, and thy companionship is pleasant. Remain, and I will show thee over this, my hidden dwelling-place. It may inter- est thee," and taking down a torch he lit it and led the way across a tiny bridge that spanned the running water, then opening a door in the rock conducted me through several 1 intricate passages, narrow and dark, j until we came to a series of caverns of various sizes, the roofs of hanging ¡ stalactites, the walls hung with rich silken hanging, a|id the floors covered by beautiful carpets from the East. Over each the great lamp of filigree j shed a soft light, showing how rich j and costly were the antique tables of ! inlaid pearl and silver, and how wide and soft were the divans; In each the thin blue smoke curling upward from the golden perfuming pan gave forth a delicious odour, and in one I noticed lying discarded, a pair of tiny green slippers embroidered with seed-pearls, and a jinkra, one of these little two-stringed guitars fashioned from a tortoise shell, both of which objects betrayed the presence of a woman. When we had passed through half a-dozen similar chambers in the solid rock, the old man croaking as he went, stopping suddenly at the fur- ther end of the last ana most gor- geous of all his subterranean domain, and with a grim expression on his evil face said " And this is the dreadful gate of the Kingdom of Darkness of Hawi yat, where Eblis reigneth. He opened the small door, but there was only darkness impenetrable and an odour of damp earth. Hold- ing his torchalof t he crossed the thres- hold and bade me peer in.. Then 1 distinguished a fewspans from where he stood a yawning noisome chasm opening to the very bowels of the earth. " Hearken !" he cried in his squeak- ing uncanny voice, at the same time returning into the room and snatch- ing up from one of the coffee stools a large metal dish which an instant later he hurled into the dark abyss. I listened to ascertain its depth, but no sound came back, I shuddered, for I knew it was unfathomable. As he faced me in closing the door I detected in his keen eyes a strange exultant look, and was seized by a sudden desire, to ascend once again to the light of day. True, I could have crushed the life out of him as easily as I could crush a viper be- neath my heel, while in my sash was still my keen jambiyah, that curved knife which a score of times had tasted the life-blood of mine enemies. Yet he had not harmed rae, and to kill one s host is forbidden by our Koran. Therefore I stayed my hand. ' As we retraced our steps be poured upon me nauseating adulation, declaring me to be the most valiant freebooter in the Great Defcrt, and using the most extravagant simile of which the Arab tongue *s capable, a fact which in itself, filled me with increased suspicion. Suddenly, as we reached the chamber where flowed the cooling spring, the truth became instantly plain. As he opened the door two officers of the French in linen garments and white helmets, who had apparently been lying in wait pounced upon me, uttering loud cries of triumph. The old white-bearded recluse-may Allah burn his vitals With the fire unquenchable-had betrayed me, and sent word to the Infidels to come and capture their prize. But in an instant I, upon whose head a price was set, drew my blade and defended myself, slashing vigor- ously right and left, succeeding at last in escaping do wn the dark wind- ing passage we had just traversed. Forward I dashed through room after room, upsetting some of the tables in my mad rush, for behind me were the white-faced officers with drawn swords, determined to take' me alive or dead. Well I knew how desperate they were, and in that in- stant believed myself lost. Tet, de- termined to sell my life dearly, it flashed across my mind that rather than suffer the ignomicy of being taken in chains to Algiers, the infidel city, and there tried by the tribunal as others had been, I would cast my- self to t.h« fa.rhnmla.qs nit. I sprang towards the small door but at first could not open it. In a ! few seconds the crafty Batouba, with the two Frenchmen had gained the spot, but I had already gained the door and thrown it open. Then just as they put out their hands to seize me I swung aside, lifted my knife, and struck my evilfaced be- trayer full to the heart. With a piercing shriek he fell for- ward over the threshold, and bis life- less body rolled down into the awful j chasm, while at the same instant j I gave a bound, and with a Cry of defiance, leaped headlong down into the darkness after him. I felt myself rushing through air, the whistling in my ears as deep down 1 went like a stone into the impene- trable gloom. Each second seemed an hour until all of a sudden a blow on the back knocked me insensible, and I found myself an instant later wal- lowing in a bed of thick soft dust. At that moment it occured to me that because of this carpet of the' dust of ages deadened the sound of all things pitched into the chasm, j the belief had naturally arisen that ; it was unfathomable. I rose, but sank again to the knees in the dry soft dust which stirred by my fall, now half-choked me. Far above looking distant like a star, I saw the light of a torch. My infidel pursuers were peering into the fearsome p lace in chagrin that I had evaded them. The air, however, was hot and foul and I knew that to save my life I must be moving. Therefore, with both hands outstretched I groped about amazed to discover the great extent of this natural cleft in the .earth formed undoubtedly by some earthquake in a remote age. Once I stumbled and bending, felt at my feet the still warm body of my betrayer - may Eblis rend him. I drew my jambiyah from his breast, and replaced it in its sheath. Then tearing from his body the silken gauze which formed his girdle, I fashioned from it a torch, igniting it after some difficulty with my steel. . Around me was only an appalling darkness, and I feared tötest the extent of the place by shouting, lest ihy pursuers above should near. So forward I toiled in a straight line, floundering at every step in the dust until the cleft nar- ro wèd and became tunnel-like, with a hard floor. I stooped to feel and was astounded to discdfer that the rock had apparently been Worn smooth and hollow either' by a watercourse, now dry, or by the tramp of many feet. Besides, the air had become dis- tinctly fresh, and this fact renewed courage within me. At first I felt myself doomed to die like a fox in a trap, but hope was re-awakened within me, and there might af ter all, I thought, be some outlet. Of a sudden, however, my eyes I were startled at beholding a colos- sal female figure seated on a kind of ' stool, with features so hideous and repulsive that I drew back with an involuntary cry. It was a score times as high as myself, and as I ¡held my torch above my head to examine it, I saw it was of some white semi- transparent stone the like of which I had never before witnessed. The robes were coloured scarlet and bright blue and the face and hands were crudely tinted to resemble life. One hand outstretched. On the brow was a chaplet of wonderful magnificent pearls, and on the colos- sal fingers, each as thick as my own wrist, were massivególdenrings which sparkled with emeralds and dia- monds. But the sinister grinning countenance was indeed that of a high-priestess of Eblis. I had entered the silent King- dom ! Amazed, I held my breath and gazed about me. Around the sides of the cavern were ranged many other smaller female figures seated like the central one, the face of each bearing a hideous repulsive grin, as if in mockery of my misfortunes. Before the great central colossus was a small triangular stone altar, upon "which was some object. I crossed and glancing at it, found to my dismay that it was a beautiful and very ancient illuminated manu- script of our holy Koran. But through it had be thrust a poignard, now, ired with rust, and it had been torn, slashed and otherwise denied. Then it dawned upon me. This noi- some place into which I plunged was the temple of that ancient accursed sect who worshipped Eblis as their sod. As I gazed wonderingly about me I saw everywhere evidence that for ages no foot of man had entered that silent chamber. The dust of cen- turies lay smooth and untrodden. Again I passed beneath the ponder- ous feet of the gigantic statue, when suddenly my eyes were attracted byan inscription in Kufic, the an- cient writings of the marabouts, traced in geometrical design upon the hem of the idol's garments. My torch had burned dim, so I lit another, and by its flickering rays^ succeeded in deciphering the follow- ing word "Lo ! Iàm Azour, wife of Eblis and the Queen of all Things Beneath the earth. To me, all bow, for I hold its riches in the hollow of my hand." I glanced up quickly, and there far above, I distinguished that in the idol's open palm there lay some ob- ject which the fickle flame of my torch could not reveal. But, consumed by curiosity, I at once resolved. to clam- ber up and ascertain what riches lay there. With extreme difficulty, and holding my flambeau in my left hand I managed at length to reach the platform formed by the knees of the .figure, and then scrambled up the breast and along the put- stretched ! arm. On mounting the latter I was dismayed to discover that the object for which I had toiled was neither gold, silver, nor gems, but merely a brown and mouldy parchment scroll. Standing at last upon the open hand ! I bent and picked it up, but next instant I recognised my find was of priceless value. Ere I had read three lines of the beautifully-formed but sadly-faded Arabic characters I knew that this scroll was none other than the long-sought manuscript of the Fatassi, the mysterious phantom book. Ages ago it had evidently fallen into the hands of the accursed wor- shippers of Eblis, and they had placed it there because it was a key to the enormous wealth of buried treasure. With my find beneath my burn- ouse I at once descended, eager to discover some means of escape from that weird and gloomy cavern peop- led by its hideous ghosts of a pagan past. In frantic haste I sought i means "of "exit from that temple j where so many, rites, .hideous and j horrible, had been practised, but not ¡until many hours had elapsed did I j succeed in finding a narrow burrow j which, leading as it did out into a j barren ravine in the desert, had once no doubt been used as entrance to the secret place of worship of that now forgotten sect who believed not in the One Merciful, but in Eblis, and Azour his queen. After wandering many days I succeeded in rejoining my people at a spotf our marchesfro.m Gao, bearing hidden beneath my robe the priceless history of ' my ancestors with its minute instructions for the recovery of their hidden treasure. At this moment the Fatassi, traced by the hands of Koti, the marabout, and so long coveted by the French, is in my possession, though only to two of my tribesmen have I imparted the secret that I have recovered it. At one spot indicated I have already sought secretly, and not in vain. To seek, ho wever, to unearth the treasure of our ancestors at present would be worse than useless, for our conquerors would at once despoil us. But when the holy war has been fought against the infidels, and more peaceful days dawn in the Soudan, then will the secret treasurehonse be opened, and the now-despised Ennitra become a power in the land, because of the inexhaustible riches left to them by their valiant ancestors for the re- establishment of their long-lost king- dom. Until then they possess themselves in patience and trust in the One. To thee, O reader of this my Tarife of toil and tumult, peace. 