I DAUNAY'S DAUGHTER. I -. - ! \- o A NOVEL. By ADELINE SERGEANT. CHAPTER XXIV. Rivals. They had moved a little while they wers talking, so thal by this time their steps had tauen them round the house, and luto the floner garden. Jocelyn felt that there was uot much more for mm to do but to take his leave ; he only wanted to know whfcu he 'might come again. " My sister Js ?with me at tne Tower," he said. " She Is veiy anxious to make your acquaintance ; you \\\la let her call, I hope ?" " I shall be very pleased to see her," she s_ld, «mechanically, .. if she cares to come." "And peihaps," said Jocelyn, "you will come to the lower some day ?" " Oh, no," she said, very decidedly, with a little .blaze of angry colour lu her cheeks. " 'Most certainly I shall not." " But why not ?" he persisted. " It was your fathers house, and we do not want to keep you away." " Indeed," sne said. " I was under the impiesslon that you wifhed to keep me away altogetner. 1 have never .been insiue Daunay's Tower iu .my llite, and you will please undeistand, Mr. Daunay, that unless L come tnere as Its mUtress 1 do not come at all." ".Come there as its 'mistress, by all means," said Juceiyn, iwith a siudden light- ing up of his whole face, which Annanel did not understand. " 1 can guarantee," ho went ot_ " as far as 1 am concerned, you need never come there .as anything but its mistress." But he spoke from a point of view which Annabel had not yet learned to realise. As she paused for a moment in same per- plexity, her eye was caught by the approach of a vehicle by a long winding rona from the village of High higg ; it was not the doctor's dog-cart this time, with its jing- ling harness and iDrlght led wheels. It seemed more like a little pony carriage containing one, peison only .beside the driver, and Jocelyn could not repress a start-the lady lu the carriage was Mrs. Wycherly, who, he remembered, had that very morning been asking bim 'whether she could obtain a carriage of any "ort at the inn, as she thought that a little fresh air would do her good. Jocelj u knew very well that this was a hint for him to öfter to drive her about the country, hut he was not in -the least disposed to take the hint, and had, there- fore, handed her over to the care of his sister, and sent a message down to the Daunay Arms for the .best open vehicle tnat 'Mr. Grier possessed. In. seemed as it Edith had also deserted her guest, for Lenore was alone, and her lovely face looked remarkahly picturesque beneath a broad ibla_J¿hat with ostrich feathers, and a bewildering mixture of lace and fur round her neck to enhance the peachlike fohjom of her velvety skin. Annabel's eyes had never before rested on such a vision or ibeauty and elegance, and they grew larger with wonder as the carriage passed. But, although she kuew It not, she was, in her own way, quite as rair a vision as the more imodish women of the world. 'She wore only a cotton frock, very simply made, and faintly blue in colour. The istravv hat on her head had .bee» browned 'by the suns of .many seasons ; but these drniw'backs were, 'iks J-loèelyn con- sidered, Insignificant in'comparison with her wild rose ' complexion and'.her'wonderfully beautiful eyes. The white 'bird ou her shoulder seemed to emphasise the serenity and innocence of her appearance ; and it was almost with a sigh of envy that Lenore saukiback in the carriage alter having bowed to Jocelyn, with an astonished litt or her eyebrows and a smile which seemed to show that she suspected him possibly of making love to some unsophisticated peasant girl. " Do you know that lady ? How beauti- ful she is," said Annabel, when the car- riage had passed. " Yes, I know her," Jocelyn answered., " She is staying for a few days at th'e Tower. She is a friend of -my sister's." He hoped that he might be pardoned for this perversion of the truth. " She is quite lovely," said Annabel, frankly. " I wonder if people UKO- that are as good as they are beautiful ?" " It would hardly be possible, would It ?" said Jocelyn, a little cynically. " If í were that lady," said Annabel, laughing, " I think I should like to try. She reminds me of somebody. I wonder who it Is ?" She paused for a moment, with her finger laid reflectively on her lips. " I know," s»e said at lengtii. ,< ¡"¿¡.i is Doctor Eugene." / 'r :? IO .. " Doctor who ?" " /, " Dr. Lechmere. I have known him all my life, you know, and I often call him Dr. Eugene as a sort of pet name,,,. It..Is ourious ; he is not exactly handsome,, and yet he is^like that -lady." '¡i \ ' " Now you mention it," said Jocelyn, " I was troubled, the first time I studied Dr. Lechmere's face, by a faint resemblance to some one I knew. You are right ; there is a. sort of resemblance between him and Mrs. Wycherly." " Surely," said Annnbel, reflectively, " he cannot be related to anybody like «hat ?" " Why not-like that-?" "said Jocelyn. She laughed out frankly. " Dr. Lechmere does not seem that sort of person, does he ? He is so very frank and unconventional ; so very abrupt in his ways. That -beau- tiful lady does not look as if she could be brusque, if she tried." " No, I don't think she could be. To be with her is like breathing the atmosphere of a hothouse. It is all perfume and warmth and colour. I prefer the clear mountain air and the flowers or the hill- side." There was unmistakable signific- ance in his voice and his eyes. It brought the colour to Annabel's cheek, and she was vexed to feel that it did so. To cover her blush, she made a laughing remark. "The world likes the hothouse flowers best," she said, " and pays «for them most dearly." " The hothouse Howers are never loved like the wild blossoms," said Jocelyn. " Perhaps not," said the girl, with somd reserve. " I do not know very mucn ahout 'hothouses, nor about the world, you see." " No, you are the mountain blossom," said Jocelyn, and he managed to look the compliment which his Ups did not dare to say." " I must go to my aunt," said the girl. " Good morning, Mr. Daunay. It you turn to the right, you will probably meet your friend, and can drive home with her." " Many thanks," said Jocelyn. " I think I prefer to walk." He did not know whether she meant to shake hands with him or not ; but, as he raised his hat, she held out her hand.with a faint, amused little smile. " Good-bye," she said. " I shall be glad to see your sister, if she will call." This was a great concession on her part, and came from the remembrance of the words thatf Dr. Lechmere had used to her, re- minding her that Jocelyn was also to be considered " a vertebrate animal." He would not have been very much flattered if he had known the origin of her smile. He bad no fancy to meet Mrs. Wycherley, and, therefore, swung down the road. in the direction of High Rigg at a good pace. But he had not allowed for a cross cut, which It seemed that the driver had taken* on his way home. For, before he entered the village, the pony carriage had over- taken bim, and drew up in the middle of the road. ' " Do let me drive you home," said Lenore, with her sweetest smile.% " Dear Edith was busy this morning, but, as you so kindly ordered the carriage for me, I thought'that I would take a little drive." " If I had known that you would be alone I should have been most happy to escort you. Where is Reynold this morning ?" " Oh, he has gone to see some friends, who have a place In this neighbourhood," said Lenore. " He knows Cumberland pretty well, and has friends in every direction. What a lovely crea'ture you were talking to just now ! Who can she be ?" " She is the niece of one of old Mr. Daunay's tenants," said Jocelyn, calmly. " One of my tenants, perhaps, I ought to say. But I suppose you know that there is some little difficulty about my title to the estate." His lips curled rather maliciously as he asked the question. r Lenore turned her soft, brown eyes upon him. I . " Indeed, I didn't know-" with an ac- cent of genuine horror. _*? But, of course, It is all' nonsensèyr and you will keep pos- session of the place." " 1 am not sure," said Jocelyn, lightly. He was amused at the situation, for he knew how much Importance Mrs. Wycherley at- tached to wealth and position, and now that his infatuation lor her was over, he was disposed to play with her predilections nB a cat plays with a mouse. " I think it is highly probable that the place will pass out ot my hands altogether, and then I shall be worse off than ever, lor I may be called upon to pay up certain sums which have been made over to me from the estate. So, for all that I know, beggary and ruin He before me." " You take it very cheertully," said Mrs. Wycherly. " Don't you remember, I always told you that I didn't much value wealth," he said. And there was a carelessness in his voice which made Lenoro look at him curiously. He was older, she noticed, more of a man than when she first knew him. He seemed quite independent of her opinion now. " Is there another claimant, then, to the estate ?" she asked, a little jealously. " I remember you spoke to me of a daughter. But did she not die ?" .' That is just it. She did not die," said Jocelyn, " alihough Mr. Daunay, lu a fit ot passion, represented, Tor his own ends, that she was dond. But she is alive and well, and I,myself am quite -convinced that old Mr. Daunay's pioperty ought to belong 10* her." "But, my dear»Jocelyn," Lenore said, In- credulously, " are you quite sure ? Didn't Mr. Daunay leave you the estate ty will ?" " He left it to his next-of-kin," said Jocelyn, with a laugh. And a daughter is presumedly nearer of kin, than a flrst cousln-once-removed. When the facts are all established I shall not have a leg to stand on, and I don't suppose the matter will pass through a court at all. We shall just settle it amicably-¡Miss Daunay and I." " Is she young ?" " Quite youug," said Jocelyn, with laud . able gravity. "You told me ofvold Mr. Daupay's plan. Was she the girl whom he wanted you to marry ?" " Exactly. And, with the greatest pos- sible wisdom, Miss Daunay refused to do so." , aw. . I My poor Jocelyn-," she laid her hand upou his arm with a pretty caressing .movement. " How -badly you have befen treated ! I have never heard of a more distressing case. And what a harpy the girl must be ! Why does she not oiler at least to divide the property with you ?" " If she did I dop't think I should like to take it. No, she is quite welcome to the estate-Daunay's Tower and all, as far as I am concerned. I have different views for myself." Lenore took the remark as referring to herself. " Ah ! Jocelyn," she said, with a plaintive sigh, " we can't all be quite happy in our emotions, .much as we should like it. You will have to murry an heil eds. You might even .marry Miss Daunay her- self." " I tell you she has relused me already," said Jocelyn quickly. " Possibly she had not seen you then. That ¡makes such a difference sometimes," with her head on one side. ."-Unfoitu nately heiresses are almost always ugly, poor things. Perhaps she is deformed or sickly, or betrays her origin In some way. Her mo'ther was quite a peasant woman, I have heard." ¡* " Don't go on, please," said Jocelyn, coldly. " I may as well 'tell you that young lady whom you admired so much just now is my cousin-Annabel Daunay-and I have every««intentIon, by and by, of asking her to become my wife." He had .been driven into making this announcement, and regretted it Immediately afterwards. Mrs. Wycherly laughed aloud. " What a laudable determination !" she said ; and Jocelyn wished that he had bitten out his tongue before he spoke the words. After this little skirmish, conversation languished for a time. Jocelyn was vexed with himself for having said so much. Mrs. Wycherly was pensively Inclined. But when the village was reached, Jocelyn be- thought himself or his duties as a host, and 'began to point out the few objects of in- terest that High Rigg contained. There, was the little white church, the school- house, the old-fashioned river, the cobble- stones with, which the road was paved, and the queer old bridge 'across the stream. Lenore shrugged her shoulders. " The scenery is beautiful," she said, " but your architecture does not appeal to me. And I suppose you are the only gentlefolks ii the place ?" " The Marchants are our nearest neigh- bours, and they are three miles away. .But there i's a very nice old clergyman, and a clever doctor." " So Edith said." , " Yes, he has quite a reputation about here. I have heard that Lord Kershaw says he would not trust many a big Lon- don man so much as be would trust Dr. Lechmere." " Dr.- who ?" *' Lechmere ; Eugene Lechmere. Do ycu know the name ?" said -Jocelyn, suddenly conscious of her paleness and of the startled look upon her face. " Why, It was my own malden name." she said, recovering herself with a laugh. " It quite startled me when you mentioned it. I wonder if he is a relation of mine." " We might ask him to dinner, and then we should see !" " Oh, don't trouble to do that. I scarcely feel equal to seeing strangers," said Lenore, with her imost 'bewitching smile, " though I ifeel that this exquisite air is doing one a great deal of good. «Bul I shall have to call him in professionally ir I have another attack of neuralgia, and ask him for some- thing to brace me up for that long, weari- some journey to London, which I dread so much." " Don't go until you feel equal to it," said Jocelyn kindly. " The house is at your disposal as long as ever you like. The ac- commodation is too poor for you-that is the only thing which prevents me from pressing _3U to stay." " Ou the contrary, I am most comfort oible," said IMrs. Wyoherly. " If I do not inconvenience you," I feel sure that a few days' rest and quiet would do ime all the good in the world. Are you sure Edith will not «mind if I stay, just a little while ?" " If It does you good, she will be de- lighted," said Jocelyn, with emphasis. " Of course you understand that our own tenure of the place is somewhat precarious. I should never have set foot in it myself without 'Miss Annabel Daunay's permission, and we might have to turn out at any moment. «, .But as long as we are here, we are most pleased to haye you for a guest." " How changed he Is !" thought Mrs. Wycherly to herself. "He was a boy be- fore-he is a man now !" And she liked him better than she had ever done in his boyish days. But, aloud, she only answered sweetly, " It is Indeed very kind of you. And I will see yonr clever doctor to-morrow, if you will he so good -as to let him know." «" He us there," said Jocelyn, suddenly des- crying Lechmere's alert figure emerging from one of the houses in the village street. " Excuse me-I'll speak to him. Stop, driver !" And as the carriage stopped, Eugene Lech- mere stopped also, and stared at the woman at Jocelyn's side as if she had been a ghost. CHAPTER XXV. Near Relations. " Dr. Lechmere to see you, ma'am." " Very well. Let him come up," said Mrs. Wycherly languidly. It was the after- noon of the same day, and she had declared herself too tired to go down to tea. Her own bedroom was a very comfortable one, and she told her maid" that she would re- main there until the doctor had been. " He has the same surname as my own before I was married, Abbott," said Mrs. Wy- cherly, In her Innocent way, " and I want so much to find out whether he Is a connec- tion of my family- So vou can bring him upstairs when he comes ; one can talk much more comfortably berfv>than in a sitting room." Abbott was usually somewhat suspicious of her mistress's arrangements ; she had generally found that when Mrs. Wycherly said one thing, she meant another. On this occasion, there really did no't seem to be anv reason, for thinking that she had any hidden intention, "."nevertheless, there had seldom been a moment in Lenpre's life which she more anxiously desired to conceal the real reason for her action. She had looked into Dr. Lechmere's eyes that morning, and said nothing ; she had had the advantage of at least a moment's preparation, 'and she availed herseir or It to the uttermost ; but he-rigid, colourless, utterly shocked, and horrified-how had he managed to explain the situation to Joce- lyns satlsrac'tlon ? Fortunately, Jocelyn was a trifle obtuse-so she thought ; she might have added that he was an honour- able and high-minded man, who did not attempt to pry into things that wert no concern or his, and who thought no evil without due cause. At any rate, arter a momentary pause and a request that the doctor would visit Mrs. Wycherlv in the course or the arternoon, Jocelyn had told the driver to go on to Daunay's Tower, and Lenore had breathed freely once again. She heard his tread on the oaken boards, as Abbott marshalled him to her room ; although sho had not heard it for many years, she told herself that she would have known it anywhere. The door opened, and he stood before her, giving her the con- ventional greeting that a doctor accords to the patient ; this time, evidently quite-coru posod. The maid left them alone together, and Dr. Lechmere, standing beside the high carved mantelpiece, said very quietly : " Did you wish me to prescribo for you ?" " Good heavens, no ! At least, you may if you like ; but, ot course, I only wart'ed to see you for yourseU-for your own sake " To satisfy your curiosity about mo, in fact, and to request me not to let it be known that I am a relative of yours." ¡"Oh, Eugene! How ..crudely you express yourself !" " I always did, you know," lie said,' look- ing at her, " at home." He said the last of his words in a lower tone, as if he felt some reluctance in pronouncing them. " And I suppose we don't change much in ch'nracter after we are 23." " You have changed a good deal," said Lenore, hurriedly. " I never saw you look so well-so handsome, Eugene. You-you wore nn ugly little wretch"-she laughed as she spoke-" when you were younger, you know." .' And you have changed very little." " Have I not ? Well, I suppose not ; nobody would ever guess that I wa="».icarly forty ! Most people take mo for seven-and twenty, at most. It Is twenty years since we saw each other, yet I recognised you im- mediately." " Yes. May I trouble you to come to the point at once, Lenore-or, should I say Mrs. Wycherly ?-I am a very busy man, and I conclude that you did not send for me merely to comment on my personal appear- ance, or to hear me compliment you on yours." Lenore shrugged her shoulders. " Yo i were always brutal, Eugene." " Alway.3," Eugene agreed. " And I shall probably remain brutal until the day of my death. Anything else ?" " Of course-it may sound unkind-but you will not tell Jocelyn Daunay that you are my brother, will you ?" " Cela depend. I was not Intending to do so Immediately, 'but I should rather- like to know what reason you have to the con- trary." " I should think there were reasons enough!" cried Lenore, indignantly. "I must say I think it is a little too bad of you to have -kept your name. For dsar papa's sake, at least, you might have changed it when-when you« came out of prison." ! Eugene Lechmere bit his moustache, vici- ously. "'It would have been rather'late then, would it not ? The mischief,, was done, you see. And is he- is he-alive ?" " Oh, yes, he Is alive," said Lenore, with an Impatient twitch of her hand; " Of course, we thought he would, die, when all that horrible business occurred ; he was quite heartbroken, because, you know, he was awfully fond of you, Eugene, although he came down upon you now and then-" She glanced doubtrully at her brother's face ; It was hard" and cold as Stone. " And he was very ill, but he got over it at last, and he Is quite hale and -ftrong now, although he Is nearly eighty years of age." " And the rest of the family, If I may ask ?" " They are all very well ; mostly mar- ried and prosperous. I'm the most un- lucky person in the family ; I married under the impression that Mr. Wycherly was a rich man, and he left me almost penniles3. I am always getting into money difficulties " " I remember-you could never make ends meet with your dress allowance," said her brother, gravely stating the ract. " Because I never had enough .' All the others have done extremely well for them- selves, and Willy is in Parliament-" " Yes, I often see Will's name." " And Robert married a very rich woman, and Isabel is Lady Kerr. Susan was only a child when you left us, but you will re- member her ; she married a millionaire." " It seems, then, that my painful ex- periences did not greatly affect the for- tunes of the family," said Eugene, with a rather bitter smile. " I hope there is such a thing as living down unmerited misfortune," said Mrs. Wycherly. " Certainly, it would be very unfair Ii we had had to suffer all our lives from the effects of your wrong-doing, Eugene." " It seems I have not that to reproach my- self with." " I doubt whether you reproach yourself with anything," said Lenore, in a tone that might almost be called acrid. " If there was one thing in the world that dear papa wanted, it was that you should leave the country. In America or Australia, you would have been far happier, and we should have felt safe. Really, now that I know you are still in England, I shall never take up a newspaper with comfort again." " For fear I should have poisoned my patients ?" said the doctor ironically. " Well, one does not know what might come out next. And what I particularly wished to impress upon you was that it would be most awkward for me if I came to live In this neighbourhood, to have you here at my very door, attending my friends, going to the same houses-" " Excuse me, I only visit professionally, I do not attend social gatherings." " But even then, I should have to meet you ; and if it came out-and, ot course, lots of people know your story-do think how disagreeable it would be for me ! Could you not go somewhere else ? Surely, this place is not so very attractive that you need live in it all your life ? I would speak to Reynold Harding-or even to papa-about you ; and they would furnish you with funds to go abroad-anywhere, so that you left this place at once." " Left this place ! Lenore, have you any notion of what you are suggesting that I should do ?" Lenore opened her lovely eyes at him. " What is there remarkable about it ? You would be dreadtully in my way here. And, surely, you owe something to your family." " rvame here twenty years ago," said Dr. Lechmere, composedly. " I had nobody to back me up ; I was a disgraced and ruined man ; I was told that I had no right to practise medicine at all. I chose out this place because the doctor had just died, and there seemed to be an opening ; and I have stuck to It ever since, almost starving some- times, looked on with suspicion and dislike, but steady to my resolve never to be beaten, never to yield an inch to the enemy-to the devil of despair, I mean, that seemed some- times to have me by the throat ! I've suc- ceeded to some extent ; at any rate I have a big, though a poor, practice ; I am known In the neighbourhood, and I have a friend here and there ; and you come here with your airs and pretences"-his voice grew lough with anger-" you, who hfeve never sent me a kind message, nor held out a helping hand to me for twenty years !-and ask mc to throw it all up, to seek another home, to give up all I havo gained !-to yo away, forsooth, because you would find it dlsagieeable to have me at your den ! No, before God I won't ! I shall stay here as long as I choose, and do my duty by my patients as I have done for twenty years !" " You were always so violent, Eugene." The tears stood in Lonore's soft eyes. " I wish you would speak gently-and I see you have not lost your old wicked habit of mak- ing profane expressions when you are angry! I am sure I should not like to be a patient of yours. ' I think people ought to know the fate of one*of your patients, at any late ; 1 once heard Reynold say that If he found you were practising again, he' should think It his duty to expose you-" " Let him expose me by all means," said Dr. Lechmere, looking very black and grim as he stood erect on the hearthrug with lils hands behind bim, and his eyes ex- tremely bright. '. I have never denied the facts or refused to answer a question about them during the last twenty years. You and Reynold- Harding'are quita at libei ty to say what you please. Only I thought you were afraid that the conse- quences would recoil on your own head ; 1 certainly don't think'they would hurt mine." "You are perhaps a little too confident.. I should never hesitate to speak where my duty was concerned." " Oh, very well," said Eugene, with a gleam or humour striking across the gloom of his face ; I know that I can safely leave you to follow your conscience. lAnd in the meantime allow me to ask where you think of establishing yourself ? What good man in the neighbourhood are you going to make happy ?" " You are so sarcastic. Eugene ; one never could speak freely to you. But If I 'tell you, I suppose I may rely on (you not to repeat what I say ?" The doctor bowed. " As far as you can rely on me £or anything. But you scarcely call mc a trustworthy person, do you ?" " Well, if you betray my confidence, I can. always tell your story," said Mrs. Wycherly, with a _p'ltefulness which seemed to overcloud all her beauty in Dr. _éch mcre's eyes. " I hold your character in the hollow of my haud." ' " So you« think." "You kuow,|t,do. I am going to marry Jocelyn Daunay." Eugene faced 'her suddenly. " What do you say ?" " You hear," she said, defiantly, ",I am going to marry Jocelyn Daunay, ot Daunay's Tower." " You are not engaged to him ?" The doctor's eye, was suddenly watchful and alert. ' " Well, not exactly-but he has said a great deal, hinted a great deal more. OK he has been my faithful admirer for the last twelve months or eighteen months, in fact. And now I have decided that I will marry him." " But you know that he is not the owner of Daunay's Tower ?" " Oh, I don't believe that story." " Don't you ? .Really. But I am afraid it happens to be true." She looked at hims doubtfully. " I thought it was merely an excuse-" " To save him from having to marry you ?" " You are detestable, Eugene. I really want to know the whole story If you can tell it me. He has a sort of-tendresse for this little cousin of his at present ; but I think I can make sure of him." " He has made love to you," said Eugene, knitting his brows. ' " Why, of course he has ; a hundred times. He is a dear boy, and .1 am quite fond of him. Don't you think you could help me ?' ' v " How ?" " I will tell you by-and-by. If you will help me I will withdraw my opposition to your living in this neighbourhood, Eugene " Thank you, my^dear." " And I will tell everybody you are a con- nection of mlne(gand that you are most re- spectable, only ni little eccentric ; that will rehabilitate your character, you know !-and then we can bo good friends after all. Only you will have to-keep out of the way if papa comes to visit me." A momentary contraction was visible on Eugene Lechmere's brow-the outward sign of that inward throb of agony which no one could awake in him so keenly as one of his own name nnd race. He kept silence for a moment, his native keenness of instinct coming to his aid. What scheme was Lenore hatching now ? It did not seem to be one that was likely to conduce to the happiness of Jocelyn or o£ Annabel. Would it not be well for him to appear to throw in his lot with that -of his sister, and thus ob- tain possession of the plot which she seemed inclined to weave ? He hesitated only for a moment. " I will do what I can," he said, '* but I cannot stay any longer now. I will pay you another professional visit to-morrow, then we can have a little more conversa- tion." " Very well. But you had better order, me something. And say that the air of these hills is so good for me that I had better not go South-just yet." Dr. Lechmere wrote a prescription with his most cynical smile. (To be continued.) 