WHAT THE MANDARIN KNEW. "Dear Sue,". the letter ran, "you must have guessed long ago what it is that I am going to ask you. Our.frlendship Is one of many years' standing, and ever since I came hack from college last sum mer that friendship has come to mean something more. Sometimes I have felt sure that you guessed my secret, but I have hesitated to tell you, for I am so unworthy of you and have had so little to offer in return for the great thing I ask for. "I cannot wait any longer. I must know where I stand. Can you love me, Sue? Can you consent to be my wife? I love you so dearly, and if I get the ap pointment I spoke of to you yesterday we would have enough to start on at least. Your father says he is willing if you are. I can't ask poetically, as some fellows might, but my love is sincere and true, and if you can bring yourself to say yes you will make me very, very happy. I shall wait impatiently for an answer." The letter was signed, "Devotedly yours, Tom." She was sitting in the sunny bay window of her bedroom as she read it, and smiles and tears struggled for supremacy on her sweet face. She was a motherless girl, the only child of a devoted father, and she loved this Tom very dearly. Indeed, she could scarcely remember when she had not loved him, and now at last what she had secretly longed for in her dear little maidenly heart had come to pass. Tom wanted her to ble his wife. As she sat down to write her answer her heart sang, but her pen could not be persuaded to put in glaring black and white the loving thoughts of the writer, ad,.after .everal unsuccessful begin nings which were promptly consigned to the fire, she wrote: "Dear Tomn : Come and have a cup of tea :with me to-morrow at 4 o'clock. Yours, SUE." She sent this off, feeling quite sure that Tom would understand that this meant "Yes." The next day she was busy all the morning with some charity work in which she .was deeply interested, but when 4 o'clock came she was at hoee daintily gowned, trying to look the calm ness whch she did not feel as she waited for her lover. Every sound on the street drew her to the window - she peeped out between the curtains at least a dozen times-but it was a false alarm each time. Half an hour passed-three-quar ters-still no Tom. Her heart sank like lead. Perhaps something had happened to him; some accident. Perhaps-and now the blushes covered her cheeks-per haps it had all been some joke and he didn't really love her. Well, thank good ness, she hadn't said much to incriminate herself in that letter. But, oh, how was she ever going to stand it? And here the pretty face took refuge in her pocket handkerchief, there to remain until the announcement of dinner forced her to much rubbing with cold water and eau de cologne in order to get her swollen lids Into anything like their normal condition. Her father noticed that something was amiss and blundered into it by saying : "What took Tom off in such :. hurry? He took the afternoon train to Boston. Must have been something out of the ordinary." She managed to murmur something al most indistinguishable about "guessing it was some business matter" and the moment dessert was over ran to her room to argue with her own fears. "Of course, he was called away suddenly that was it. I sh:.ll hear from him to morrow, explaining all about it," and she went to sleep that night much comforted. Nevertheless, five days elapsed and no word came from the delinquent lover. , Finally poor little Sue made up her mind that he had seen her affection for him and had been simply trifling with her, so she made a mighty effort to put him out of her mind entirely. She tried to go about her usual duties as bravely and cheerfully as heretofore, and a few days after this found her one afterpoon the .centre of a merry little group of girl friends, sitting around the pleasant fire chatting costly. One or two of them had tried putting some leading questions to her about Tom Fielding, but she answered them with so fine an as sumption of unconcern that they decided that "there was nothing in that affair after all." Finally when they had con fided to each other all the secrets they knew and gossip began to languish, Sue suggested to Marjorie Flanders that she start the kettle going, so that they might have a cup of tea. One of the other girls started to expedite operations by putting the tea in the teapot, but when she open ed the tea caddy-a grinning little man darin whose head served as the lid to the tea caddy, she discovered a little folded wisp of paper inside the quaint little figure. She pulled it out and, without thinking, began to unfold it, when sud denly a line of writing in pencil caught her eye. "My own dear Sue," that was all she saw. "Oh, girls-see here-see here-a love letter of Sue's in the tea caddy. I though she had a secret." "What do you mean?" said Sue, jump ing up, pale as a ghost. "Now don't you wish you knew?" be gan her friend, but when she looked at Sue's white imploring face she realised that this was no time for teasing and handed her the letter without further parley. Sue ran to the window and by the fad ing light she saw a rough page from a note book on which was scrawled in pencil the following words: "My Own Dear Sue: Your little note has filled me with such a sweet hope that I'm filled with disappointment at not finding you in, but I got a telegram tell ing me to come to Boston this afternoon. That means the appointment and that in its turn means you, and one cozy little home if your note meant what I hope it did. I hoped to find you at home this morning, but your stupid housemaid doesn't'know where you are. To make sure that ou get this I'm going to con fide it to the safe-keeping of the man darin, for I know you will open him to get your tea. Write to me at once, darling, care Blank & Co., Boston, and tell me in plainEnglish what my answer is. It may be two weeks before I could hear it from your lips.-Yours ever, "TOM." "Oh, yout wretchled little mandarin." cried Sue, "to think that you had known about this all these days and never so much as winked!" and then, of course, the girls had to be told all about It, and this Sue did, with many blushes. Then they all insisted that she sit right down and write her answer to the letter that very minute. In the meantime there was an anxious and unhappy young man in Boston. He watched the mails and pestered the post man till that worthy crossed the street whenever he saw Tom's form approach ing. At last his anxiety reached such a point that the very moment that Sue was writng her answer a telegram was brought in saying: "Have you opened the mandarin lately? Please answer. "TOM." How the girls all laughed! The te!e gram which answered Tom's anxious query has never been made known to the public, but its general tenor may be guessed by the fact that It was ac cori'paniled by five other telegrams e' congratulation, each a perfect master piece of veiled allusion. Mr and Mrs Tom Fielding have been living for some months in a pretty little apartment In the Back.Bay region- In Boston-and if you look In a little cabi net in which they keep their dearest treasures you wll see, standing proudly on a carved teakwood stand, with a most Inscrutable smile on his face, their household fetish, the mandarin. Another Kind of Picknlog. - Cheerful Charlie : Wotto, Mike! 'ave you been away 'op- plcking? Miserable Mike : No, I ain't: I've been away hoakum plkrin'.--"Chips.". 