IE W IF m HIE rail by ALISON HUGHES, I Author of "Tho Queen's Drawing Room," " Aunt Adda's Legacy, " " Revenge is Sweet," &e.;,'£o. v r comi'Lete nr. rais -isso&i; . coPYEiaitT. . R somo g months past jWSwe had been W spouding Bl rathov a lazy,- u ii e v c n tfiil lime; the' ca.tn before the storm, as subsequent . facts proved, tk A few weeks' J sketching along J the shores of the Lake of Geneva, a brief sojourn at Lausanne, al- ways a favourite hnUing-phieo with me, on account of early associations, a little swni- low'r, flight into Italy ; then, as the season 'grew more advanced, we now and again spoke of a sail to Norway. Not that v.e ' wero cither of us accustomed, or able, to lead this idle, desultory kind of life for long i togother. On the contrary, we were borii poor men, and entirely dependent upon our own exertions .for a comfortable or uncom- fortablc existence, as thu case might prove. Suddenly, my friend Lawrence C'iietwyml ' grow unaccountably silent and depressed ; flung his sketches aside unfinished or tore them to atoms, and altogether behaved in a most peculiar fashion for a man of liis | painstaking, persevering calibre. ' Finally, one morning he announced his in- ; tcntion of returning lo England at once, j via Fans. When 1 mention that the month was July, pirhaps my consternation may be ; understood. ! " Paris 1" I shouted iu tones rivalling the ' thunderous echoes of tho stonn outside. "Paris, do you say 'I By all the saints of the calendar, you must be mad or dream ing, to utter such a weird at. this time of \- the year. Bdsides, it is impossible!" Lawrence knew that r.iy referenco was to failing- finances, and shrugged his shoulders ruefully. "Three months ago yuii swore that you would never set foot in that delightful though most dishonest city again," 1 per- sistod. Another shrug of the shoulders, and then iny friend proceeded to turn his pockets insido out, and count wlmt iitilc store of cash remained to him. As was customary with me, I followed suit, and was not a little astonished to find ! myself somewhat richer than I had calcu lated upon. With a bound Lawrence leaped . upon my treasure, gathering up notes and other paltrier cuius with the fierceness of despair, " Thank God !" he said, apparently driven to speech by tho fact that between us at least the necessary means for the accomplish- mc'nc of liis desire could bo raised. Wo never counted money separately in those . days! -Sometimes 1 was in luck, sometimes my companion held thu reins, but always ) two of us shared iu the benefit. So it came to pass that a few moments later I was listening to Chetwynd's strange explanation ' of his desire to seek England again. .' "I "'fancy- I see him before me now. Lean- ' 'ing forward on liis elbow, with one hand pushed through his abundant hair, he told tho that for threo nights in succession his .' brother Hubert had aiqieared to him. The ...moment I heard Hubert-Chetwynd's name, i> I dropped tho mask of indifference, and lis- tened with the most intense interest. "It was in Paris, at our old quarters off jr'fho Boulevard Maleshcrbcs, I saw him, and , 'ho was in trouble. I must go to him as ..soon as jiossiblc. Of course you will conic ! too. You see,, it is impossible for me to r movo without you. Besides, we have al- : iWays stuck together through thick and thin, ...through weal and woe. And it means woe this time!" i . . /My friend's.licad foil forward as he spoke, ; and I knew he depended on mo for tho .. rest. And tho rest? Why, of course, those -two. words meant Paris, without delay of . sleep, food, or any other circumstance what- i ever. In fine, we arrived in Paris, more v dead than alive, by reason of a thousand i inconveniences unknown to richer and inoro leisurely travellers. But tlio moment Lawrence Chetwynd's feet trod tho magic pavements of the gay : - iiity, tho burden of troublo fell from his shoulders on to mine. We wero shadowed. At regular iutervals during our journey a ' curiously, attired, gray-haired old man had : haunted us, and the moment wo set foot m our Paris hotel I saw and recognised him again! Indeed, by mutual impulse, wo saluted one another. Lawrence, however, saw. and know no thing. He appeared to be living in a kind of. stupor — as though half his faculties were benumbed. "Now that. we ale here, Roger, perhaps the merciful Fates will allow a little sleep ' to visit us," he remarked, when late in the evening .wo were preparing to retire to our respective.' apartmonts. I believe I gave a sort of grunting acquiescence to this remark, -tat I had not the slightest intention of sleeping .myself until I hod made some at- tempt at acquaintance with tho strange old . man who had so persistently followed on our track. i ' 'As luck would have it, I found him in : i'the court-yard lighting a cigar preparatory V to sallying forth for a stroll. Our eyes met, and. wo again exchanged a courtcous bow. p. Beyond a i few remarks concerning the wca- . liber, my companion seemed averso to ,v speech, " however, contenting himself with I' F 'surveying mo furtively from beneath his . shaggy brows. Assuming it bold, friendly manner, there fore, I suddenly drew out my cavdcasc, and presented him with the moans of addressing prime -by irnnie, at the same timo remarking \- that it was 'a thousand pities wo had not broken tho ico before. " Seeing tho whole 1 of our journey has proved to bo in the same iridireetiuu, monsieur, ye might have rendered : . 'it so -much less tedious by the interchange of friendly notes en route." q . -Tho strango old man examined my card with it sinister sneer lurking round the cor- ' tiers of his mouth. Suddenly ho gave a leap to .my side, and clutched nio by the sleeve. -Vr ' "'The ninno. on this card is not correcji! You are trying to deceive mo. It should bo- Hubert— not Lawrcnco Chetwynd!" While ho spoke, I made two discoveries. I hud presented the stranger with my ; friend's card instead of my own. My second i discovery was that he was an Englishman. 1.- -"-But -why. should I tiy to deceive you, V.sir?" with a distinct. emphasis on tho "sir." lri'"'My-'-frieud's namo is Lawrence, not Hu- iV'tart! That he greatly resembles his twin brother I do not deny. But such cases aro 'by.; rib means uncommon." "Twin brdthorl Then, thcro aro two /. Chbtwynds 1 I never heard this fact before." 'l: :,4\" Thcn y ou cannotbo very well acquainted ;#Tyith the history of tho family," I replied, ip :. curtly. "All "the world talked of the un- ;ii! just will: mude suino few year ago by ,'tlie 'itfattar of these two brothers. To one was ipflefbitta': family estates, togother with every .'fptahy of nioneyl To tho other, good li ueiiitli. a handsome face, mid beggary. A ; '/;quai;ter 6f uu hour or so makes a cruel dif- .'V'iet'enco sonietimcs hi one's destiny." ri ' -'My companion heard every v.'ord, ob- (S'lit'lous of the fact that ono or two waiters il'-itm - lingering suspiciously within earshot. riHiS'bitnd still clutched my sleeve, and his F , piercing glance seemed to search through ' vmy ' very soul. ' rii""'You look honest," he said at length. But they inust .be very much alike. God help- ine; I. might havo killed tho wrong mini !" Perceiving my look of horror, ho broke r,. iiito a loud affected laugh, and, picking up . v.tta. cigar, which had fallen neglected toihis v.fcet,. passed with u gesture of adieu into the ; ''crowded streets, of Parisb... .... . V. :. : Feeling extremely depressed, I was pre paring to follow Lawrcnco Chotwynd's ex ample, and seek recuperation of many weary days' fatiguo in sleep, when, to my amaze ment, Lawrcnco himself joined mo in the courtyard. Only partially dressed, and looking moro like a ghost than a man, lie seated himself at. one of -the little marble tables, and. called hoarsely fpr brandy, " Thank God, I've fouiid you 1" wore his first words. "I think I shall go inad, or tako poison, if I havo that cursed dream again. Something's .altogether wrong with Hubert! It's no uso resting a single mo ment. My brother is here — in Paris! \Vo must find liim, llogcr. Let us search for him at once." By this time I had become extremely irri table, and I am afraid my language must nut .he repeated. "I'm jolly well sick cif all this farrago of nonsense concerning your brother and dreams of misfortune," was my concluding speech. " You may stalk through tho whole length aud breadth of (he city if you choose ; for my part 1 am going' to bed." Without another word I left him. Next morning, feeling extremely ashamed of my churlish conduct, I went straight to my friend's room in order lo place myself at bin disposal for thu remainder of the day. But Lawrence was nowhere to be found. Inquiring of the concierge, I discovered that he hud left the hotel shortly after our abrupt parting, and had not since returned. I was desperately annoyed with this turn of affairs. Lawrence Chetwynd was not only iny dearest friend in life, but liu was the only one whom I thoroughly and en tirely trusted, liis was a nature true as steel. 1 felt 1' had deserted Iiiin in a season of d inger and trouble, and reproached my self most bitterly. . As I was rising from the breakfast table wondering where to go and what in I lie world to do next, my companion of the previous evening entered and called sharply for his bill. "Alii So you aro -still hero?" he ex claimed vouchsafing a curt nod in my di rection. " I met your friend Lawrence in the Bois this morning: and his brother Hubert was wiili him. You spoke the truth last night, as I thought. They aro con foundedly alike, -though. But there is a dif ference notwithstanding. Quite enough for my purpose." My biood boiled at the odious insolence of this o!d man's tone. Looking at him critically, I observed he was deeply agitated. His face was livid, and liis thin, cluw-like fingers clutched the table convulsively. " I nm afraid you have not passed a good flight-." I observed quietly. " Oh, as to that, you are mistaken," was the reply. " My night was a brilliant suc cess. It is moving from place to place that I abhor — those wretched "midnight changes, those hurried meals, those abominable in conveniences of travailing, so trying when one is no longer young. But "everything is ultcrcd now. I have no longer any occa sion for doubt or suspense. My ignorance, too, lias been dissipated with regard to the most vital point of all. Strange that your friend has a brother. Stranger still "tluit tho two resemble one another so miracu lously. Had it not liccn for that little scar over the left eyebrow iny work would have remained unaccomplished, after all my pa tience and zeal. But heaven reward's the just." "Look here!" I said suddenly. "You are a scoundrel! Yon are watching my friend, or his brother, for no good purpose. Understand, however, I am watching you !" The man started ns though stung bv an adder. "What!" he cried, or rather hissed be tween his teeth, " you say you are watching me?" He thou suddenlynssumed the affect ed laugh which had struck mo on a former occasion. " You arc quite mistaken in your estimate of my character and purpose," he continued. "Jly interest in Mr. Hubert Chetwynd is merceuury. He owes me money. And I. mean to make him pay before many days are over, or I will know the reason why." A waiter appearing on the scene at this moment, I went out without another word in search of Lawrcnco. Happily, ho was not fur distant. I had scarcely reached the Madeleine when his hand was on my shoulder. " Well, old man, did you sleep your bad temper away last night?" I must explain here that it was an un written law between us never to take offence, no matter what might be the provocation. Wo quarrelled, argued, and fought out our battles of diverse opinion like the rest of men. Unlike the rest, however, we counted our friendship the most supreme possession in life. Linking my aim within that of the ques tioner, wo walked on iu the blinding glare of tho noontide sun, while he recounted the strange circumstance of his meeting with Hubert. "It was awfully funny, P.oger. I went straight to a certain bridge over tho river where there is a stone bench, and there, just as I had seen him iu my dream, with both hands thrust into his x>ockcts and au ugly scowl on his face, stood Hubert, look ing down into the yellow, muddy water. I would not tell another soul savo yourself," ho added, "but the instant my brother rc- cegniscd me he swore a terriblo oath, and struck mo with all his might. " Startled at this occurrence, for, although our last parting had been cold, it had not been unfriendly, I was more than" startled at what followed. Turning on his heel, my brother sought to escape me. The sting ing smart left by his cowardly blow was as nothing to this second insult." "I followed, not without his knowledge, for moro than an hour. . At lust he halted and confronted me, with the moonlight shin ing full upon his face. " ' Have you conic for your moiicr, Law rence?' he asked. I had never hoard my brother speak in such tones of utter despair in his life before. Something iti liis attitude arrested the sneer which would inevitably have fallen from my lips at the mention of the word moncv, but I put the temptation aside. '"You are In trouble,' I remarked, gravely. '"Trouble enough to sink u ship, or drown a mnnl' was the answer. 'I was just about to mako my farewell obeisance to this cursed world, ' and seek the arms of the beautiful Seine, when your arrival postponed my plans— for awhile.' '"There is very little I would not do to prevent your tailing such at cowardly step its that of suicide, Hubert. But if it is ntonoy you want, there I am powerless. My father, as you know, dealt tho cnrils vcrv unevenly in that direction. 1 am little short of a beggar. Still, all mv srmnathios are yours— my services too.' " ' Shako hands, Lawrie, maybe for the last timo ! I am a beggar as well ! Every penny of tho Chetwynd fortune is lost. 111- gotton money— you know the old proverb.' " ' Tho Chetwynd money was not ill-got ten,' I replied hotly. 'it may lmve been ill-spent.' " ' I tell you it was ill-gotten I' lie shouted, stamping his foot in u paroxysm of rage. ' My father left a just and hououralile .will, as well us a just and honourable name. To yon ho left the money, to me, of course, descended the land. But of what uso was an cstato to mo which I could not sell? I wanted money — nothing but money. I would havo sold evory brick of the man sion, every shrub in the coppices, every bramble of the hedges for muney — but tho law prevented mo, us you nro aware. So I forged u later will, iu which I inherited both property and money. Every penny of tho latter has been lost— gambling debts, horses,, aud tho rest'. Of course you can claim what you liko upon tho estate. You can' repay yourself as tho days go by, for it s a iine property. I always meant to leave a last dying confession of my misdeeds. Indeed, a sealed packet awaits you at our family lawyer's, only to bo opened upon mv death. Why don't you speak, Lawrence? I've done iny part towards reparation, and I intended to sleep iu the Seine to- night. You can shoot mo if you choose. I shan't flinch. I'm. sick, deadly sick, of the shame und hollow mockeries of this side tlm grave. ' "I fcit ib was tho truth my brother was speaking.'" We had lievor held many views iu common. ' Ho had gono his way in life—, an idle, careless, dissipated way, us it, after wards proved — but the birthbond had always held us together i:: an outward form of friendship. '"'Why can't you speak, Luwrio? I know I'm a scoundrel. Ever since I can . remem ber wo-:seem' to: llavo played tlio separate parts of saint and sinner.' " My brothor turned very pnlo us lie spoke, and tlio familiar abbreviation' of. niy naine for, the second time (lid tho rest. The pas sionate hatred whicli had ' burned in' my breast during the recital of his wrongdoin'g vanished. _ I broko down utterly. "'Thank .God, my dear father is acquit ted of the crime of injustice, und-tho cloud of parental unkindness removed from my path. Also', that I have been the means of saving you from a death of shame, Hubert,' . .'"Thank God!' ho repeated fervently, raising his hat as he spoke — ' for tho child's sake !' "Then you are married!' I ejaculated; aghast at this further development of affairs. Wo had not met since iny disin heritance. " ' Oh, yes! My v.ifo is a mere child her self, and three months ago. a son wus born to us. It was for tho little chap's sake I canio over hsrc — to Paris. I have always been lucky li|lhcrto in tho gay city, ami thought to regain some of my lost wealth at tho tables, as su often before. But you know whero the luck drove me to-night! By the way, who is that cadaverous old man under the lump opposite?' lie added, in tones of fear und suspicion. 'Here we arc at my quarters. Let ns finish the rest of our conversation indoors.' " ' Ho we went in, and had some food to gether ; aud now I am here, und must beg of you to let mo have tho sleep for which I am nimost dying." Wo wero pnss'uig through tho courtyard of our hotel, bright with flowering shrubs and liltlo marble-topped tables, as Law rence spoke, and instinctively I looked round for tho strange old man who had luiunted us both so persistently. Ho was not there. Threo duys after this conversation all Paris rang with the news of a foul murder, which had been omnmilted in one of the low wine shops of tho city, close to Notre Dame. Tho victim evidently belonged to the superior class of society, hence the un wonted ugitatiun connected with his death. Some of tho journals described him us dark and middle-aged, others ns young, florid, and slightly built; but all agreed that he was of gentle birth, aud none could furnish the least clue to his identity. The murderer had completed his task with tho utmost care. ' Not a paper, not a scrap of iinen, not a jewel, had been found on the body, which now awaited identification at the Morgue. I was bending over tho latest account in my own room, Lawrence haviug gone out to meet his brother, for whose society he had nimost deserted me of late, when what I took at first to be a madman rushed upon me. "You must come with mo at once to the Morgue. Hubert is there!" " But, Lawrence " I was beginning. Then I saw something in iny friend's face which forbade expostulation, and mechani cally I took up my hut. On our way to the Morgue Lawrence spoko twice. "Hubert begged me not to leave him lust night. Ho declared that he was shadowed every step ho took by a wretched, ill-looking old man; and, some how, ho seemed to know who the man was. for he trembled from head lo foot with fear." The next remark startled me iu spite of myself. " I was dreaming again last night, Roger; but of course I know better than to mention such a fact lo you." Lawrenco's glance of reproach wus more than 1 could endure. "I tell you what it is, Chetwynd. You are bewitched — or something very much to the same purpose. The sooner wc get out of this broiling atmosphere tho better for our brains. I vote we quit the wholo thing to-night, and leave your brother to return to his paternal acres." My friend's reply was lo ascend the stops leading to that ghastly window, behind which tho unfortunate unknown dead of Paris aro exposed to the pitiless gaze of the careless passer-by. 1 am no lover of the horrible myself, and could not repress the sickly faintness and shuddering disgust which stolo over mo as my eye fell upon a group of littlo children with their faces pressed elo»s to the cruel glass. There were three terrible objects exposed to view thut day — the body of a young workman with signs of starvation written ou every feature and a great gash ill his throat, tho body of a woman — but I cannot even now at this distance of time dwell upon the details of this creature's loathsome appearance. Suffice it to say that in the middle of these two victims of crime and utter wretchedness reposed the form of a singularly handsome, distinguished-looking individual whom (though I had never before seen liim) I knew in a moment to be Hubert Chetwynd. Ho was lying with his eyes wido open, and liis mugnificent teeth glittering — in a savage or agonised grin — it was difficult to decide which. He had evidently been shot through the heart, and the murderer had completed his foal work by afterwards cut ting the throat of his victim. 1 never quite knew wlmt. immediately fol lowed on my awful discover'. A crowd gathered round us, for Lawrence had fulicn to the ground in a dead swoon, and I was found', leaning against tho nearest wall with my eyes closed, aud for the time being perfectly speechless. Such occurrences as a man fainting wore common events in that special Quarter. One of the throng- ran to a wine shop for brandy, another loosened Chetwynd's collar, and several others assisted to place him in a voiture which happened to bo at bund. Ho never recovered consciousness until long after wo had reached our hotel, and even then his senses were all confused and wan dering — indeed, for many days he was under tho doctor's care. A month afterwards found us travelling towards a pretty, red-roofed village in Sus sex, whero stood the grand old Elizabethan mansion of the Chetwynds, whose leaded windows gleamed in the sunlight. Law- rcucu hud made au appointment to meet thu family lawyer (here, and after the comple tion of his business wo had arranged to resume our former al fresco lifo abroad. "I stall .nut burden tho estate by so much as a penny," he told me, us we drnvo through thu splendid hccch avenuu leading to the principal entrance. " I merely want to make arrangements for poor Elsie's com fort until tho hoy comes of age. Then liu will, of course, take matters into his own hands." "But surely," I inquired, with intense concern, no less than surprise — " surely you will rcimburso yourself, in part at least, for tho money your brother misappropri ated?" - Lawrcnco looked at me for a moment in silence. Thoil a curious smile spread slowly over his face. "Well,. I rather think not," ho replied at last. . " You sec, it would meuu letting Elsie into tho secret "of lior husband's dis honour. J. won't do that at any cost!" After dinner,' ut whicii the young widow was _ present, Lawrence und Mr. Noble, the family solicitor,- retired into the library to gether, und I saw no moro of my friend until tho ucxt.day, Ihoir business interview having lasted through tho night. " Wo aro leaving here at onee, Roger, if you havo no objection," he said, in a hard, constrained voieo. I noticed that his hand shook as ho turned over the leaves of Brad- shaw, and his fuco was deathly pale. Hubert's poor broken- heurted widow ac companied us lo the door, as we said good bye, imploring us to uome again very soon, and crying bitterly as her glance rested on tho lithe athletic form of lior husband's brother. " So like and so uulike my darling Hubert," she kept on repeating, as we tried iu vain to comfort her. b'ho was one of those fair, angelic-looking women with flaxen -hair, worn loosoly about her 'shoulders,' and. pretty rosebud mouth — the kind of creature whom inisfurtuno kills ns surely lis a knife.. Lawrence, though avoiding her us much as possible, treuled her with . (he must ex quisite courtesy mid kindness. . But (he moment wo, were out of sight, of his old home his forced composure vanished. Bury ing his head between his hands, ho leaned hack in tho corner of tho carriage and sobbed convulsively— rentirely overmastered by the passion of eonsuiniug grief— grief iu wliieli no'> human sympathy could hear a purl. . , " ' Never' aguiti during' tlie course "of his- somewhat brief existence did uiy'.frieiul. re visit Chetwynd Hall 1 Before his dentil lie confided to ine tho ; solution of his sudden departure from thence, togother .with cer tain other mutters bearing itpo'n this history.' It transpired, during Lawrenco's private interview with tho family solicitor, tuat, the sweet young girl-wife Elsie was in reality no wife at all ! Hubert iiad married a furmer's daughter secretly during liis college duvs, deserting her afterwurds, and leaving her under the supposition that the ceremony of "their wedding had been illegal. During licr lifetime this supposition had been main tained. Elia died shortly after the birth of Elsie's child,' and, her true position haviug been discovered by her father, lie swore to bo revenged. Inheriting a strain of Italian blood from liis mother's side, liis sole end and aim in life from tho day of his daugh ter's burial was to murder her cowardly and cruel deserter. Having completed liis work ho disappeared, and wus never again heard- of. Probably the Seine swallowed him up. ' Of course Hubert's death rendered .t. im possible for matters to be placed on a proper legal footing for poor Elsie. As fur the child, heir to tho lovely Chetwynd manjion and property— why, tho boy had no' right even to bear the name. Lawrence told me the' struggle between the two points at issue for him hud been terrible. Hubert's sealed lettur had con fessed everything. There remained to liim only ono of two courses. Either lio must publish his brother's infamy to a sneering, scolling world, or he must go forth once ngaiii, tho penniless youngeFhrother of the family, and watch over the Chetwynds' in terests from afar. He choso tho latter course. We resumed our old wandering lifo under foreign skies. Sometimes Fate smiled on us, anil oftcncr sho frowned, but wo remained for the most part indifferent, und were as happy us the generality of mortals in our own way, nnlii tho terrible, hour arrived for us to part. When Lawrence Chetwynd died there passed from eartii one of the most self-sacrificing m"n ever created, and one of -tlio most noble! The reader will judge this from his story. 