BEHIND A VEIL; OK THE MYSTERY OF CASTLE KORNIS. By MRS. O. N. WILLIAMSON, Author of 'His Grace," "The S®creKofk Fortune's Sport," "0XheNews%pM6irV' etc. Sweetheart." "A Man from the Dark, fortune b bpuh, CHAPTER XIII. — (Continued.) "I am Elizabeth Kornis; you have known me as Sister Annie Theresa. I, too, have bean released from my vows, and have been brought to Castle Kornis in .flfeK'tthatiS Tight fiylun k,'ateh\\- and guard- over (My shy; mother s? rthaudam of Count Kornis, but she is ill, and keeps her bed. She dared not leave you longer without food, so she sent me. If I could help you to escape, I would; but she has the key of your chain; I cannot get it. And I can get neither ladder nor rope, nor any instrument which might cut the chain — though that 1 have tried to do, and will again, in case I am allowed .to came once more. But one thing I have done. I found paper and wrote a letter, sewing the edges together with the silk from my vestment embroidery, because I had no envelope. I tied it round a stone that it might fall further, and not blow away when it had fallen. Then I threw it over the wall, when no one saw, not far from the gate. It was the day for the stores to come from the village; who knows but it was picked up, and given to the man in (he boat? — for it was to him I addressed it, in hope. Nearly a week has passed since you have been here. If he has the letter, he will he making in quiries, through the priests, or maybe the Archbishop himself." "Did you tell him what had been done to me?" Mary cried out of the black depths of her eel!; and her voice seemed strangely changed in her own ears. "No; I had sworn such an oath, I dar ed not add the breaking of it to my othei sins. But 1 said a thine of unspeakable horror had happened. It was all I coulcf do. He is not the man, you must know, to let it rest there." "He will think you meant that they had killed me," Mary answered, the faint spark of hope the other s words had kindled dying coldly out again. "That may be; still he will wish to pun ish your murderer?. And if anything can be done, he will do it." "If anything can be done!" the prisoner bitterly echoed. "I know It is not sure. I'd give my life ot make it so, for the thought of the evil I have worked is killing me. I bear your suffering and my own too, -But there is at least hope. Don't despair. Don't let yourself die or go mad. Think, if he came, and it were too late. Oh, don't let it be too late! Now I must go, for I promised not to speaa w«n and I've broken the promise. If I stop longer, I shall be suspected; and, then, if my mother has to drag herself here on hands and knees, she will never send me again. But, remember, if there comes a chance, I'll atone for my sin as0-1"?1 you by giving my life to save you. Good- 5She had lowered the food and water which had afforded the excuse for her errand, and with the last word she was gone. But somehow the darkness did not seem quite so black as before. "I will not go mad!" Mary said to her self aloud. "I can tell a little how the time passes, from their coming here with food. So I shall know how the weeks go by. If what she says is trfle— and if the letter was found, there is hope— just one small, biassed ray of hope. I'll live for it— till so many weeks have gone, that I know I must give up— that he either never got the letter or has failed. Then I will die, but not before." The battle that she had set ou. to fight needed more courage, more endur ance than any waged in war. She fought against madness that came like a vulture, and flapped the vileness of its wings above her in the dark; she struck its greedy beak with the sword of prayer, and hid the stare of its eyes with a veil of blessed memories. -he called up thoughts of the past, _ her childhood, her merry girlhood at scnooi, and sprinkled them like flowers over the black squalor of the present. She talked aloud to herself the stories of books she had loved, wrestled ui.h mathematical calculations, to make Suie that her brain was still clear, and she prayed a great deal. "One more week gone," she would say, with a brave attempt at hopefulness, when the old woman had been three times with food and water to the trap door. So she counted three weeks, and then four. When the fourth had ended, Elizabeth Kornis came once again. "Is there any news yet 7" implored the voice of the prisoner, weak and small as a child's, sweet as the little silver b:ll on the altar of the convent church, sad as the night wind that stirs the stnngs of an iEolian harp. "No news yet," sorrowfully answered the voice above. And there came no re ply from the cell. Even when Elizabeth Kornis called out in alarm, there was Still no response, and she had to go away, not knowing whether her. words fra/i dealt the death-stroke. Perhaps, she thought, it would even be better if this were so, for in her heart remained no longer any hope, ( . l » "What shall you do now?" asked Tristram of the Archbishop. It was the second time they had met and the Archbishop's face did not wear, the delicate, half-pitying, half-contemp tuous smile that it had worn before fort the importunate Englishman. He was very grave, even business-like, in his manner now; for events had marched since that day in May when the des perate young Englishman had flung himself away, threatening to see the Pope. He had not seen the Pope, but he had seen the Empress of Austria, and through her the Emperor also,' They had listened to his story, and the Empress had thereupon written a per sonal letter to the Archbishop, request ing that inquiries for Lady Mary Des mond, or Sister Marie Magdalene, might at once be made at the Convent of the Sacred Island. The Archbishop had made inquiries, and had been informed that Lady Mary, Desmond "and Elizabeth Kornis had been released from their vows, and had left the Convent of the Sacred Island for Caslle Kornis. Other strange things, in somewhat the same connection, had happened as well during the interval between a commu nication sent by the prelate to the Mother Superior and her reply. OE these mailers the Archbishop, who heard everything, was made aware; and hd began to take the Hon. George Tris tram, late private secretary to the Bri tish Ambassador, more seriously than ever. For it seemed that through the, information offered to the police of Vienna, a great personage, Count von' Kornis. had been followed to his castle" in Tyro! and there arrested for the at tempted muider of the -Englishman, with." whom he had been previously supposed to have fought a duel. At Schloss Kaps- berg certain articles and documents had been found, which aroused suspi cion against him as the murderer of not one wife, but three; pending his trial he had been imprisoned, to the great joy of all sensation-loving newspapers, some of which published portraits of ai certain Jane Wood, who had given strange evidence. The count's cousin. Prince Faleonberg had taken his hand some English wife, and gone— so people said, for a "trip round the world." It was known to the Archbishop that these changes in the kaleidoscope of Fate had been effected by the hand of George Tristram; and there was no flavor of condescension in his manner as he loid the young Englishman of the letter which had just reached h:m from the Sacred Island. Then Tristram had asked the Arrli- bishon what he would do, and the rid prelate had looked somewhat perplexed. No such unpleasant problem had come within his experience before; but there was the Empress's personal request, not only for inquiries, but for a search, and he could not allow himself to be defied, oval by the influential houses of Faleonberg and Kornis. "I fear that the assistance of the police must be sought," he said, with a sigh. Tristram's face lighted. His time had come — at last! Two days later lie-was at Castle Kor nis, where he had travelled with the Chief of Police, who took with him a squad of twenty gendarmes. Since the thing must be done, it was thought best to do it thoroughly. Whether or no the castle walls hid a guilty secret, they, were at least thick, almost strong enough to resist a siege, and behind iliem was a proud and determined wonum, i mi: then pernor; f dlidtelster-int-law, Count Kornis, furious at the thought of intrusion — a woman who would fire the retainers she had ruled so long -with the notion that they were-wnodern mar tyrs. Besides, the arrival of armed men, bent on forcing the castle gates, was likely to be resented in the village, where the castle and its inhabitants were regarded with feudal loyalty. A1 "band of half-a-dozen gendarmes might be driven ignomlniously away, to be made a laughing-stock; therefore, the Chief of Police brought his own tact' and pluck, assisted by twenty of his best men, to carry this delicate business through. It was possible that some humor of controversy had reached" the men ot Kornis, for they were alert anrtfCTITehiy: watchfu3t showing little surprise and asking no questions. A dozen peasants, young and old, braver /than their lows, followed the stolidly marching po licemen to the castle domain, and grouping together, whispered among themselves, casting scowling glances at the gendarmes, their leader, and the' Englishman, whose face many of thent remembered. But they had collected 12 at most. The police were of nearly twice their number, and appeared for midable adversaries, with their short' swords hanging at their sides, and the" suggestive crowbars that some of thent carried. The peasants lacked a courageous leader, which every mob must have, and save for sulky mutterings, thei boats, with their blue-clad passengers, were allowed to go out unmolested. Tristram had no official connection! with the search party, but the Chief of Police had been young not long ago;? he still loved a woman, and when ho' learnt the story of the Englishman's quest, he said : "You will want to b3 with us. You shall come." They reached the castle under tit- gaze of such indignant eyes as might Jje secretly peeping out from high nar row windows. ? JThe band marched up to the castle Sates; the Chief knocked, and at the grille demanded admittance in the namp pf the law. Through the grating the angry eyes o£ an old senator flashed de fiance, but bis lips spoke civilly. He Would inform the Lady Kornis of the Sdemand that had been made. Then the grim face vanished, and the men stood outside waiting. Ten minutes, twenty minutes went by, and just as the half hour was told by the hands of the chief's watch, eyes and . voice returned. The Lady Kornis con sidered the family to which she be longed, the castle, and herself, severally insulted by. this monstrous intrusion, and the gates would not be opened. -"This is her final answer?" 'inquired the chief. "Her final answer," came the echo. "Then, unfortunately, it will be my 'duty to have the gates opened by force." . "Tit it! ""shrieked the porter, flashing out the joy in battle and excitement that monotony bred. \- The order was given, and the men, .with crowbars, sprang to the gates. At the same instant came a shower of bricks and cobble stones from over the high wall, crashing on heads and shoul ders. That half hour had not been wasted by the castle sen- ants, and it was in the chief's mind that Lady Kor nis had not sent her defiance without preparing for emergencies. Evidently they had buiR a barricade, which the defenders were using now as a platform or the stories would have done less dam- . ' age as they fell. "Crowbars no use, sir," shouted a gendarme, grinning under the hailstorm that peppered his helmet — though . blood trickled down his cheek. "They've filled up the crevices, so that it's im possible to prise the gates apart, and they've got a solid barrier on the other side. Shall we use the cartridge?" "Yes," said the chief, who had made himself ready, if more merciful means failed, to employ weapons of war. "Give them warning that they'll be hurt if they don't stand aside." "Out of the way in there! We're go ing to blow your gates open!" yelled the bleeding gendarme,, fastening his blast- , jng-cartriuge to the door, and lighting the time fuse that would explode the small charge with which it was filled. The men ran down the recks, the j shower of bricks ceasing, and waited | for the explosion, which came with a rending of stout wood and a caving in of the great stones above the shattered gates. Through the breach dashed the gendarmes, swarming over the toppling barricade of strange objects, which must have taken days to- collect and build. Driven to a distance by the explosion, yet holding their ground before the castle door, stood a band of men and women, armed with swords and pikes, stones and broken tiles. They crowded to protect the door, hurling their strange missiles at the policemen, who might not defend them selves against women, though eager to get at the men among them. The gendarmes paused, irresolute, their leader's tact for an instant at fault. It would be no pleasant task for twenty men to snatch these frail, vindictive creatures from their post, and suffer the Kcratchings and bufferings which would be their method of resistance, but it must be done before the doorway could be : cleared. The Chief of Police was about to give an order for attack, when the 'door was suddenly flung wide open, fram ing the gaunt figure of the Lady Kornis, who rested a hand upon the shoulder of a servitor. "Shame — shame upon you all, who call yourselves men!" she proclamed, in her harsh masculine voice. "You violate the seclusion of this castle, the home of an Old woman. You make war upon women with violence, and drive them step by step to the doors of the holy house, whose privacy (hey would defend with their blood. The hand of Heaven will fall ; heavily upon you for this crime." "Stones in the hands of these ladies have already fallen heavily upon us, madam." said the Chief of Police, bow ing. "Y.'c regret our duty, but it must be done, and I beg that it may be. made po worse by further resistance." "It is out of our power to offer it," the old woman answered. "You have broken our gates: such weapons as it was per mitted us. to use against you have been used <n voln. Rather than submit to the .destruction, of our doors, I throw them Open. Enlc '-. carry the bitter insult to the bittfi .-nth Search the castle, but c-x- ueet no In dp in finding what you seek. "We ask ' no help, madam," returned the Chief of Police, with unruffled cour tesy. "Oniy the key of the door which leads to the vaults, that there need be no iinneccesury violence within those walls." "I will assist you rn nothing." the grey woman flung hack at him, and turned her face towards her servants. "To the church. and to prayer," she commanded. 'And at her words the men and women fled before the gendarmes under the arch of the doorway, streaming into the dark corridor within. Last of all, moved the Lady Kornis, her large hand still bearing heavily on the shoulder of her attendant, and the men followed with echoing tread of feet that marched on stonp. The chief had no knowledge of the inner construction- of the old building, but he thought it reasonable that the vaults, where the body of Lady Mary 'Desmond had probably been buried, were situated under the castle church. Tristram walked by his side, and little time was wasted in finding the door VT rn '3 . . v j, < \- i which Elizabeth Kwnis bad once so tremblingly unlocked. Here, the crow bars were used successfully. The door hung lamely on broken hinges, and half the men went down, leaving ten to watch in the corridor, above the flight of stairs. Lanterns were lighted, one for each man who descended, and search began in the vast subterranean cham ber of the dead for a new slab in the floor, or a niche in the wall, lately brick ed. But each silently told the story of its age. Not a stone, not a brick, had been placed for at least a year. Wher ever the body of Lady Mary Desmond had been laid, it was not in here. "The Lady Kornis has declared that the lady died naturally," said the Chief of Police to Tristram. "She repeated this assertion to the Princess Falcon- berg, also to the Archbishop. If that had been true, the body should have bec-n in consecrated ground. But if Lady Mary had died by her own hand there would have been an excuse for concealing the body in some secret place by night. Our search has only just be gun." "Look there," said Tristram. He point ed to a low archway ihat half hid a door 1 with its shadow. | Again the crowbars did their work. Oak splintered with a loud, rending noise, and j there was the second vault, with its dark | odor of dead years, and its irregular j heaps of ancient bricks. The walls were, j unbroken, and as the men began, at their chief's orders, to push the bricks into the corners and examine the floor, not a stone : showed signs of having been disturbed. They did the work with haste, and yet with thoroughness, as it seamed, piling up the bricks as fast as the. walls were examined, looking everywhere and find ing nothing. There was no other door, save that by which they had entered, i and at last the Chief of Police announced j it as his opinion that they must search j elsewhere. There were other cellars, | perhaps. It was even possible that the ! Lady Kornis and some confidant might have dug a grave in the quaint old gar den or outside the walls. Sooner or Iat- ed, by perseverance, they would come upon the secret hidden so well that the chief was fain to believe Tristram's theory of murder not so in credible as he had once fancied it. I "Come," he said, laying a kindly hand I on the young man's shoulder, "we have plenty of work before us. There is noth- ' ing to keep us any longer here." ' "And yet I can't bring myself to feel I we haven't overlooked something," Tris- ; tram exclaimed, his face haggardly 1 eager, in the yellow glimmer of the lan- terns. "There's a horrible conviction that here's the place, and no other — that if we i leave it our chance is lost." "No wonder your nerves play you tricks, after all you have gone through," ' said the elder man. "Believe me, it's ( that, and nothing more." He took Tristram by the arm and led him back to the low door under the arch way. They went up a few stone steps that led into the vaulted room of graves. Tristram shuddered. It was as if an un seen hand plucked at his sleeve to drag him back. But the chief urged him on. The day was wearing, and there was much still to be done. Then from far away came a great cry. a woman's voice, soaring high above a lower hum of men's voices. "Something happened up there in the church, or where our men wait in the cor ridor," said the chief. "Come!" He ran, I and 'Tristram went with him, the others following close on their heels. Every step took them further away from the room of the bricks; and the fancied plucking at Tristram's arm had ceased. They ran through the vaults, sprang up the flight of 33 stone stairs, two steps at a time, and halted at the entrance to the corridor. The chief was right; something had happened. The doors of the church, which had been shut against the gend armes, were open. A women had scream ed and screamed again on the other side, and the men had used their crowbars. One figure had been struggling in the midst of many, and a white face showed— deathly, awful, only the eyes alive. The men in the corridor had dashed in and snatched the woman who shrieked for help from those who would have pulled her down, covering her mouth and stifling Iter cries. Now she was in the corridor, a pack of furious men and women kept back by a cordon of men at the church door. Dis hevelled, she hung limply in the grasp of two gendarmes, and Tristram, at the head of the stairs, caught the glance of her giazing eyes. "The— man— in— the — boat ! " she fal tered. "I— knew you would come. I pray —it's not too late. Go back— to the vaults! She's stifling— under tile trap-door! It's shut down — beneath the tricks. My mother— has piied them over the steps— in the corner by the west wall — nobody could guess the stairway there. I — it's been killing me— she made ine help— but I promised to— give my life if " Her voice died, her head fell forward, the mouth open, the glassy eyes ciosed. But Tristram bad not waited to hear the last words. He did not know that she would never speak again on earth, that her promise had been kept to the letter. He only knew that hope was in his heart, a wonderful hope that was like a ray of Heaven's own light. Springing past the men on the stairs, . he rushed back through the vaults to the west wall, and began tearing the bricks with his hands. Some say that happiness is the dearer after pain; and Lady Mary Tristram is happy, as few women are, for few women are loved as she is loved. Only in dreams does the past haunt her, though kisses drive the ghosts away when she wakes. Only when she looks in the mirror and sees the white lock that lies like a moon beam on the dusk of her hair, does she remember that such sufferings as hem cannot be as though they never had been. But at eighteen or nineteen there is all of life in which to forget. Tristram thinks that, if possible, she is even more beauti ful, because of the tell-tale streak of sil ver. And people in the countries where the two travel (never Austria) whisper: "There's that lovely girl who was shut up in the Castle ICornis by the awful woman who was punished by the Emperor. They say that her hair turned like that in a single night. Well, there are some tilings - too strange not to be tru!!" The End. 