j Comic Cuttrngs There axe probably as good fish . In tbe sea as ever were lied about. " Your wife te always bo out-spoken.'! "Yea, outspoken, but never out-talked." Morning wraps were toe invention ot the man who wakes v? hotel guests for the early train. "You told me you and Harry loved at sight" ".Yes, but we quarrelled on acquaintance." At a tewVb meeting In Ireland It was recently voted, " that all persons in the towu owning dogs shall be muzzled." " Does position affect sleep ?" asked a medical writer. It does when the man holds the position of night watchman. " Do you know much about that horse you bought from the Deacon ?" " I know more about the Deacon than I did." Some one lias written a poem on "The Tongue of Liberty." Tbe tongue of liberty generally belongs to a married woman. "You say that horse Isn't afraid of any thing. Can my wife drive him?" "I don't know, sir. I have never seen your wife." Visitor : " But this portrait of Mr. Bulger is a good deal more than life size." Artist : " I know it. That is the size he thinks he is." " Didn't I lend you £6 a month or so ago ?" " Yes, I believe you did. I'm ever so much obliged for your kindness. I feel I can never repay you." Lady Friend (to young widow) : " You're gardening, I see, Lucy." Young Widow (with a weary smile) : " Yes. I wish I could, so to say, transplant my weeds !" Watts : There seems to be some truth in the saying that heaven helps those who help themselves." Potts : " Of course there is. They aTe the only kind worth helping." First Beggar: "Hello! Pickln' up anything on your rounds these days?" Second Beggar: "Ain't notbln' doln at all. I had to draw live pounds out of the bank to-day ter pull me t'rough." Patient : " That sign of yours is not very encouraging." Dentist : " Why so ? I guarantee to extract teeth with out pain." Patient : " Yes ; hut I want toe pain extracted. I'd rather keep toe tooth." " Whyfor eez it zat a woman's face eez used on zee silver dollar in zls oountry ?" inquired a visiting foreigner. " Be cause," growled the impecunious native, " it is the idiom of our language that money talks." -Aunt (to Tommy, who has been to the menagerie) : " Well, Tommy, did you see the tiger ?" Tommy (whimpering) : " Yes, b-b-bu " Aunt : " But what— what are you crying about ?" Tommy : "They wouldn't let me stroke his ears." Miss Northside (to her brother) : "Do you know, Fred, that no fewer than four men want to marry me ?" Fred : "AU right, sis, may the best man win !" Miss Northside ; " You don't know much about such things. A bride does not marry the hest man." Canrobert was inspecting the new gaiters worn by the light Infantry. See ing cne that was badly fastened, he took the -wearer to task. "Look here, I'll send you my nurse -to button It on for you." "Quite unnecessary, General ; I see her every day." And Canrobert burst out laughing. " Mabel, why don't your mamma wea: diamond earrings like my mamma's?" " She left 'em home, and papa's hid 'em where the robbers can't get 'em." "Where has he hid 'em?" " Why, I heard bim tell mamma that he had put them up the spout, and heguessed they would stay there." Winks: "What m-akes you look so glum?" Jinks: "I have six daughters, none -of them married, or likely to be." Winks: "And you glum over it? You are the most ungrateful mortal that ever breathed. I have six daughters, all mar ried, all have children, and I've got to support the whole crowd." A.: "Did it ever recur to you what a charming conversationalist P is ?" B.: " Well, I don't know ; not parti cularly. Why ?" A. : "Oh, he is, decidedly. He hasn't the ghost of a memory, you know, and you can tell your stories to him over and over again, and he enjoys them every time as much as at the first telling." ..ji A youngster one day eluded punish ment by creeping under a table, where his mother could not reach him. Short ly after, his father came m, and, when told ot the state of affairs, crawled on his hands and knees in search of his son and heir, when, to his astonishment, he was greeted with this inquiry:— "Hullo, father! Is she after you. too?" An American gentleman was talking of a little game of poker, down in Texas somewhere, in which he bad taken part "-The man on my right," he said, " held four kings and an ace. The man on my left held four aces and a klr.g." " And what did you hold ?" some one asked. " Well, I was acting coroner at toe -time. I guess I held the Inquest." 