HELIGIOUS LIFE IN SOUTH AFRICA. (By E. B. Douglas, M.A., of Johannes burg.) Preach eS in Sherbrooke Church, Glasgow, on Sunday evening, Jan-uarv 28. For the kmgdem of Go* is not meat aad drink, but righteousness and peace, and joy in tile Holy Ghost.'— Romans xiv., 17. -m £ave keen asked to-night to speak on Religious Life in South Africa,' as I have learned to see and understand it in my nve years residence as a -minister in Jo hannesburg, and T wish in :tal.-o no fl,n invt tor my remarks the 17th verse of the 14th chapter of the Epistle to the Romans— . 1- or the kingdom, of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace, and joy in tie Holy Ghost.' Ihe keynote of Christian preaching and ;eac;ii-ng m the present day is that Chris tianity means the kingdom of God upon eanth— ' means, that is to Bay, the actual rule of the Spirit of God in 'every depart ment of human life. We do not believe now that a man is a Christian in the full sense of the word unless he shows the spirit of Jesus ruling his life and influenc ing his thoughts; and so we shall not call a nation a Christian nation unless we see that the preceptsof the Gospel are to soene extent being realised there; that the spirit of the Gospel is aimed at, at least, as ihe ideal of a nation's politics, and to some extent dominates a nation's life. A Chris tifin nation, then, will not simply be one which has .a. State, church, o~ Drofesees ;i Christian creed; it will be one in which righteousness, and peace, and joy in the' Holy ? -3'hbs± are rendered possible for all classep of the, community, and in which' we shall find- these things beiug aimed at more and -more by the rulers and those in authority, and find these thinss being re garded, as the best things by the influential people; aij4. iiL-time by the whole^ody of the people. '''' ' ? '' * ' RELIGIOUS DEGESEJUCY. And viewed by this standard, I must confess and admit that the' Republic of the Transvaal has little claim to be called a \\_iij.i=-Liau xmtiuu, ?uecii-use cue liinguum of God is not being realised there, nor is likely to be realised there under the existing -regime. . The chances, are r.all against righteousness flourishing' in ''that land under Jts present government. I am iiofc here to-night to talk politics,. -'but to talk religion, and I make this reference simply to introduce one point which I feel ! should be laid before . Christian people at' hoine, and that -is, that the conscience of the' Church at home ought to be perfectly at rest on the .'.righteouH nes-s and justice of our -present war. .We ought' to feel that we can pray heartily for the success of our araiE. We ought not to feel any lurking suspicion that we are doing altogether wrong there, and that we represent the wrong side of the dispute. I believe that it will be abundantly manifest to all those who take the trouble to enquire into the actual state of the case that the victory of G-reat Britain will be a victory for the kingdom of G*d. Not that it will necessarily introduce all that is right — far from it — but it will give all that is right a- chance to be introduced ss it has not yet had a . chanee or opportunity. We moist not go on the assumption th.it we are fighting merely a race of peasants, a nation whose religion is that of -our own nation, and who have carried that religion to higher, or., at least, kent it at simpler and lees .depraved levels, One's ex perience in South Africa qualifies one for bsin? an expert in religious pathology — the degeneration of- reiijrion; how religion can fall away and fall away until it lowers and degrades itself. It ie that story that I have to tell to-night. And finst; I tell it of our enemy, not an the spirit of -the Pharisee, as if we should hug ourselves that we are better than they, but -that we may -understand, sn flint our conscience may be at rest as to tlie war; .and, more important still, that our conscience should not be at. rest aftev the war is over, until we ha\g escaped those perils, and eet the crooked things straight. There ,ie- :tuen, a two-fold aspect of re ligious degeneracy amongst large classes of the people who are at present unfortu nately our enemies. There is a large class of those persons in the neighborhood of Johannesburg; and of other towns on the goljdfields, who have been idle, the thrift less, the purposeless,, and the indolent members of the community; and it is mar vellous how. these ! persons have in the course of centimes of illiteracy, ignorance, and stupidity1, learnt all manner of corrupt devices. They are sullen, suspicious, and cunning, and what '-the people of this country mean hy industry and cleanliness, and the habits of an active life, are un known to them. We find large portions o'f 'this community sodden with drink, de graded in their minds, proud and over weening in their conceit; and tbe com mandos of the Transvaal do not go into the battlefield filled 'with prayers and sing ing psalms, but roystering and drunken, flinging insults at Britain's Queen and British subjects. We eee the pitiful spec tacle of what' was originally a simple, pious nation, becoming false and dishonest by reason of indolence and want of education. lAnd then we have the persons with whom pur quarrel is, iihe official and ruling classes in the Transvaal, from those highest in authority £o those lowest, and there we have an example of the degrading power of money when it is sought after by greedy and unscrupulous men. Many o'f the*e men -when tKeV attained position were honest men; few of *3iem could boast of their faonesty now. Man after man rank after rank, has; been trapped by the power of bribery and corruption, and I do ^ot believe1 there is aaywhere outside of Turkey a more absolutely corrupt state of government. It was said by one who knows well, a minister who -has close ex perience of the oflicial classes in Pretoria, that if there was no war every minister of Christ in the Transvaal would have infinite cause to regret it; and he said so because he believed the continuance in office of this Government and' set of officials .would be 'the degradation .of the moral sense of the whole community. - And that is the opinion of those who know best. We have to put all irrevelant ques tions aside. We have to see that the central issue, so far as we are . concerned, is the 'best interests oi humani'ty, the chance of righteousness being realised; and that this corrupt Legislature and eet of officials must he put out, never to return. That is why, as Christian men, we can say this war is not an unmitigated evil. It is at least a sanitary movement to clear out one of the unsanitary corners of the earth. And again I say we ought not to. speak o£ this nation, not to look upon this people with mere contempt and hatred, and still less ought we to look upon them with a feeling of our own superiority. We see that such a. condition is caused by putt:.ag anything first in a nation's regard except righteousness, by seeking first anything but the doing of God's will -upon earth. That is how a simple nation may become enmeshed in the toils of deceit, and how the love of money may be at the root of all manner of eyil, and may degrade per sons who were once upright, honest, and God-fearing. But there is no doubt that there is a great deal of honest religion amongst large sections of our opponents. There is a large section I am going to ' leave out of account altogether, persons who are Christian and God-fearing men, with whom we have no quarrel, and con cerning whom we should guard against making contemptuous, slanderous, and un true statements. Let us in all things see we observe the Christian law r,e ~\,a,.u,r ?;„ speakiner of the poor, deluded peasantry of the Orange. Free State and some parts of tne Iransvaal, .men whose only fault ia last of knowledge, and who have been led into this war by rulers unscrupulous and greedy. PROVIDENCE V. KEDEJIPTION. But leaving them aside, there is a great danger which has overtaken the real reli gion of very large sections of our enemy, and that is that they have forsaken, or left out of sight, the great doctrinea of redemption in favor of a doctrine of pro Jw^Vi W thal means dm/ply this: -hat m the course of three centuries they have come to look upon God as the Giver Sut?:ard «°°d alone, as the God who sends the sun and rain, and can be de PTenjHd °.n for seed time and harvest. Nothing is easier than for men to assume H Jo \ ty are Pnvdefed Persons; to leave JM S*PS'«:n?V' the greatest things about God— the righteousness, purity, and holiness of God; and to believe, because one has passed through an experience long ago, that now -one r snfn =^a -?„ !„„!. *.° ?srasa sg-SJFas^* speeui of President Kruger's which I an* always, invariably, the enemy was * J» L f s'*W°ssd foe- ? They never saw, or at least never emphasised tne central fact, that God is chiefly^ie enemy Wfefl'™f?'S-°rn ?ln a'nd selfish, nature. T\ hen tins is forgotten, then men became ea*y-going pious in a sense, believing in - a God who can turn the wind if He thinks fit, but not a God who never will ^^ii-^j p€-°?le P*ac'e until He bis a j it ed .'Skteousnefe in the earth. And there is much real religion amongst tlje people open to that objection. Tin oujfh jack of watchfulness and prayer, through kck of understanding of the will of God, they have drifted 'into this piety flinch is leading them astray, because ie ^'k them to believe that God will be with them horever they lire, a-nd give tnem the victory however their lives may be in contradiction to His law And that is why I say, while I believe thoroughly, from political ; reasons which. I cannot explain here, that this war ie a necessity which no diplomacy could have been able to avert. I believe it raay be and shall certainly be overruled by God :or highest end's. Not that, this nation ? is perfectly -nehteous and fully realises the tiingdom of God,.but that we have at ieat?t the conscience in us to aim after it, and tlie ideals that animate this na-tson are one degree nearer those of the kingdom of God. But remember, these are the faults to which real religion falls..' JReal religion wiH degenerate if lef* to itself. 'Watch and pay that ve enter not into 'tempta- tion — that, IS flip m/iccicro tlio+ kn»n. :(?_ self into my soul, as I think of so many of these opponents of oure. THE UlTLANpm'S BEUTCHON. And then, as a minister in Johannesburg it is to be expected that I have come more in contact with the faults of our own people than with those of our enemies, and the time -would fail me to give yon an impression of life and work in Johan nesburg as I should1 like to do. You hear much of the Uitlander, arid he is a mixed character indeed. While we have there ' our churches as you have at iboine, there ? is one thing that makes the problem there very interesting ' and impressive, and that is the withdrawal of the .religious &t-; mosphere in which go many of us have the good fortune to move in this favored land. Tins is attended with the most disastrous result® in many, perrons' lives. The gene ral tome of the churches is Jower than it is at home; the religious life foeats ?with a less regular and healthy . pulse; and ita fervor is distanfftly chilled. There is that to be said. But I will connae myself to two points which I think of importance. The first is, that from the nature of our government our community has never had we are a people given Jfco amusement and sport and money-making, but it must te recaeinbered itlraife \ve never Shave aad a chance to take part in (public life. There has nevea' been the opportunity to call tnen to do anything tor 'their fellcnr-meni in the way of public service. I believe-, with these oppoBtomities our people 'will risa to ithem. You see to-day qU tlie battlefieldfi of South Africa from eight to ten .thousand of our Johannesburg young -men, who ¥% hazarding their lives, and not counting tfaem.dear to them, tnd bearing hardeJiips (that you hflvcltttta idea of, as they prosecute that campdga. And that i« enough to show that ire tar« n*t « people hopelessly given evefr to eeSfish i&dulfence;, bux ;i p'w.,... .-o nuioiu tt strong appeal can be made, when there, is a' hope ana chance of making, a purer and jnore .^hligjlitened State. I toaiiwe you will find that the op portunities of public service will awaken in fcnat people a desire for better ^things and a true effort 'to serve humanity, which will lead them ip God's good:tiine and way to the service of Christ. , Another thing I -ehould like to. say is, that from the nature of the life there, there are many temptations which. have more hold over men ekan even they have_ had at home; the same sins and tenipta-' tions, only there men are away from ihonie and example, and in case after case they succumb to the temptations against which they have stood many a time at home. 1 could tell'-.you pitiful tales of men who ?were uprigikt and respectable whilst in the old home and in- tUie old church, but they cast their religion behind them and even leave honor, and all else that goes to the making of manliness, behind: - There is a great deal of religion in our churches which cannot .bear -fceing transplanted over the seas. There is a great deal of respectability in our streets --which will not bear being ?taken to another land, becauSe.it is bn'.tihe surface, it is traditional, and when the tradition is broken, what do- you find'r You find .ttiat men -fall, and fall pitifully, when the o]d habits and old ways of life have 'been altogether changed. ; And- one thing that is laid neon pae to speak to- 'home .congregations 'is this:' be sure thait before you cross the seas your goodness is your own, and not your father's or grandfather's. Be fiure what you (take over the sea ?with-. you is T*n merely some memory and habit of oteurch going, of the religion of Jesus and ot tlie ways o'f Godliness. Be sure these have been made your own in your own will and choice, .and have entered., into your own heart... j. ' . ; ? ; . ,. -, People at. home, I notice, are inclined to ask themselves., this— Whether religion is necessary, and whether a man may not live a good life, without, the aid . of reli gion? I have ceased to ask that. question. now. You may live in inueh respectability and with much credit when you are. shel- tered by the '/goodness : ofv your tome and all your, surroundings, ibiit that- does, not prove anything. aa'to *he goodwess pf.y^ur own heart -and will, -until yo.u ;are tried and -put in. a position vrkeve the, tradition does hot exist : and . the atmosphere . is ? changed and. yo-u have;to choose good and evil for yo in-self. , I. often tel people, and would lilte tobeable ib tell more^-do not send your sons iaibroad until they- he Glrris _ tians in deed and in truth. Do not take yourself out of the reach of family religion and Church religion until these :things have 'spoken their niessage 1x-. your ..heart and have filled your own heart with something of strength and grace ^ind- power. ? I read the-- old text -with a new meaning no\v, 'H.&W-; ehail - we escape' if we neglect so great salvation'?'' Not -merely how. shall ' we !faca God's; Judgment- Seat' unless we take there with 'us our own, faith in Jesue \- Ch'nst,. 'our '^o-rtTi' choice of goodness, .for ?* pur own pbrtibn; : our own purpose;- 'and ?our^own ds^ire-ior God? How shall we :? escape if we paS6.:throu'gh life to judgment , and these~\ things are not burs? - That is all very'trtierarfd all very serious, but there ' is gomethin^'inflnitely : more near to pre heat life, flow5 shall' We go through life at all, 'how shall -'we cross the' ocean, how ^aHwellive/iri' differing c'ircuraBtatices end .: §sc4lie'-gravei!-ttisaSter,'r'unlesa. Wife- .tajf e_*irito our hearts tte salvation of God, and take into our lives the love' and power of Jesus Christ? We must fail. Many a hundred nave fallen' ft Johannesburg .because they t°°t there' only the memory of their ratners or mother's goodness, and not the religion of their own heart's choice, their own heart's portion. How shall we escape unless we take the name and po#er and spirit of Jesus with us throughout all life, throughout all death? ' I trust it will always be a matter laid upon all hearts to pray for the Churches in the Transvaal in. South Africa, and all over our colonies, where, amidst much dis couragement and a great deal of disap jointmen't, men are trying to hold up- the banner of Jesus Christ and to witness for His Church in these far-off lands. 