KEIR LAST ADVENTURE; Or, The End ,of a Desperate' Gang.. SsTORY 'OF- T.HE EARLY DAY S. P. :BY P.:O' J .1-~-~--- CiAPTER. . IE you MAounted-Constable Nolnau?" asked the .in SInlder, as lie. rushed un 3 eremonioiisly Y into thle ' weatlerboard police-sta tion of the little bush towingli. " A.reo vt the Sa wild-looking customer, and a -f powerful physique, dressed in rnIleskins and Crimean shirt, withll I \--.looking felt hat that had seen A.T-rvice il its day. He was labor Inder some heavy excitement, in Sfear semed to 11e plainig a eon n .h, alone? l he continued; hnr I thou?lt waiting for an answer to IIt,11:0n as lie shut the door be? ,lii ai fer.d tI e constable, feos -hhrll nx wctcd and strange visitor i.o', tab l le olan. But h tehil is up with you that you .i att'a'a' tellow after tlit fashuon _i Tli sera Thunderbolt's ghost?" hav i in worse than the ghost of a n' , c !alige. I have seen the fales Tlial that was like standing face to aith ?ltlr own ghost, my friend, if itn ac Ie true. -That it w, a. mate, and that's just !, I wanted to see you about." .Sit doinh,. al man," and when you able to lidl breath I'll be ready to iranlld.wipMagd the perpiratiols fromhris ,pinr t1aa. tit down. He had a strong, ,.ld fhle. allost covered with a thick ..iv ,anl. falling down'.u pon a hare irt. ~h -i?was bronzed wit h-reposire t;lela windls and the pitiless Australian is. te ? ioed a typicat fossieker, this ai,lh ausln -a man who had spent iof hi life away hack, Ihunting for Sof alluvial deposits in the gullies, fortle igns of outeropping reefs oi. wils spurs of the inaccessible, ranges. r fa, though rough, was an honest ad awell atble to bear scrutiny; and tt etalle Nolan thought, as ihe I I·Il the man while they sat faingg Ii ,thesrin the short silence that fol Ihlan was a shrewd officer who had a ali h s'ervice. 1principally in the :trrI ald his bush experience bringing into contact oeeasionally with the iher side of human nature, he was a r1 observer of men and a keen judge of m Iter. lie was chosen for this place tlitsum Gully-only a few months re, in the hope thate would be able cope with a lawless. gang who fre quente he . neighborhood, and whose prineipal recreation of cattle'dufling-was fast becoming a serious menace to the hodest settlers for miles around. The gang was supposed to have its head qunrters in tha Bullengarook ranges, and t this was the neighborhood on which the" mounted trooper now kept his eye, though lie was stationed more than lialf-a-dozen u miles away. , "Well," he inquired, after allowing the other due time to recover his breath, " what's the trouble, my manl? What can I do for you?" Seeing that the man. hesitated a moment, he continued : .' In the first plaee, what's your name, and where do you hang out, my friend?": ; "MynameisLavender--Bill Lavender. { I have no doubt you have heard of me. I have been fossihking away back, in the ranges a few miles from here ever usince, the fellow whose place ydin took left' Opossum Gully." "What! 'Dummy Bill.' the- lone digger at the mount? Yes, I have heard of you, as you rightly guess, my man. -1 even visited your tent a few days ago, bidt saw no signs of life about when I was there." - Lavender started and looked sits' piciously at the constable. "You'need not lie alarmed. my maly mn. I was only seeking for information about some friends of mine in whom 1 take a little interest occasionally, and thonught that perhaps you might lie able to put me on their track. I wasn't in searchl of your secrets, if you have any that trouhih'" your conscience." "I have no secrets," spoke Lavenider, resentfully, "at least none that I'd eare a dump if they were known to all the bobbies from here to Melbourne. I don't eaire, for all that. to have the police hiang ing around my pl"ae. It gives people who don't know a fellow a had impression of him." i?"People who have nothing to hide don't usually feel as you do, my friend. t However, that's neither here nor there r an honest man has a right, no doubt, to choose his visitors. 1 ask you again, what's the trouble, and where do I come in ?" t "lWhat would you say if the trouble a concerns the very men--the friends,- as e you called them a minute ago-youl are so g anxious to spot? What would you say if the hell-hounds, from whom I rescued a poor fellow by a miracle an hour ago, d werethe verymen you were anxious to find e when you visitedmvtent a few days ago?" g "I'd say that tile dews wouls lie the e best I heard for a month of Sundays. a And I'd say, also, that you'd he well paid if for your information." e "Confound your pay! I" don't want Is your blood-money! I'd go through fire le and water, all the same, to help you nab e- these scoundrels." :. . ' For one who is credited with being dulib; you can make a vigorous -if i .-OPr tongce," laughed Nolan, interu tii the speaker. "I suppose you were* n finder a vow and.have l]nst been' ab- et eolved!" a] STlhen seeing by the darkl.:coirl on time Higged face of his companion that plea snitries would be resented, lie hastened is to add: " I will be thbaikful foryour help, s and shall aid you in wreakiuig your ven- ri geanre on these men." P r " have no vengeance to wrea llupon a mtheri, mate, for I don't even know the k men ; nor did I ever see themn before to- o liight. I wish you to understand this, n constable, and to give me credit for a p better motive. Rough and all as I am, i there is something under my 'Crimean -shirt here "-and he struck his left breast ji vigorously as he spoke-" that urges me t Sto do the right thing without hope of.pay d or Government reward." it "I beg your 'pardon, friend," and t< Nolan stretched out ]lis hand frankly, I Shich the other took after a moment's e 1·heitation, "I have judged you wrongly. In ninety-nine cases out of every hun- ii 1 drd, however, I would have judged aright.: 1 A look of gratified pride came over the fane of Lavender as lie listened. f Say no more about it, mate. As it is, Swe are losing valuable time that we may I . shave to regret later on.i I'am going to hl' you of as cnruel anmd devilish a deed c as even you ever listened to with all your 1 e experience of crime and criminals." l "Hold on nl? minute, my lad! Won't t 1 you take something before you hbegini , Your face looks as white as if it wan s.ipeelayed." , Lavender raised no serious objection to this iroposal, and a large suluare bottle t anrordingly made its appearance from the I tciupbonar. h'lf a'tumbler of ]lollands wt as pjoured out, which Lavender took I a neat, tossing it off with evident relish. I ." Now, tien, I'm ready," lie spoke, e before the last drop had well made its. of disilPcarance. "a Nolan, ?rlo was standing, put away the bottle, and, taking a seat im front of his v, visitor, jirepared to listen. e ". Something more tlhan two hours ago," Ie lie begin,'"I was in the neighborhood of 't Gisborne. and on the other side of the r-ilway line, when- I met three men le driving a herd of cattle at a smart pace u in tile direction of Laneefield. I spoke, ibut they never answered, turning their le heads away to avoid recognition, as I L thought. 1'hey were rough-looking fel. \- lows, and I had my suspicions that they `0 were up to no good. Crossing. the line a, shortly afterwards, about two miles on me the RIddell's Creek side, I was startled to hear deep groaning like thle sound of a In fellow- being in suffering. is "0On looking alout me,'I was able to ;o see, after a little time, a dark object sy lyinig about a dozen yards from me. I d lhad .a lot of trouble to make it out be o, eaase of its position. Only for the faint id cry that was repeated when I was just turning away disappointed, I would have to goine as I had come without being able to s. discover anything. id It proved to le a man-a man tied down oan the rails hands and feet ! He lay nt across the track bound firmly with a re clothes-line tomrails and sleepers. I took alb out my matchbox and struck a light before I was able to discover this. By -metodejnsti,.anted in his terror of ±.Jhfattlhat w-ash iwaiting him, for the nig itrain from Melbourne to Bendigo could even then be heard thundering alohg in the distance after having left the iliddell's Creek sldtion. "The sw:eatKstolod in big beads upon my forehead ihcn I fully understood the awful death that was coming down at the rate of half a mile a minute u1pon the poor wretch who lay before me helpless and in the dark. I whipped out my kiife, which I had some difficulty in opening,nimy hands trembled so much in my excitement, as the roar of the ap proachiig train grew louder and louder, filling my ears with a noise lik'e thunder. "I slashed away at the rope. and had just succeeded in freeing both wrists as well as the right foot, when the knife dropped from my hand, and I groped for itin vain in the dark. There was no time to light a match. The'great glare of the lanm; was already blindgifi me a.sthe engime came tearing onwards.' r "Scarcely knowing what I was doing in my great excitement, I dragged the. body3 elearof the outer rail, 'to which the - left foot, however, was still pinioned. I struggled desperately to free it, pulling for all I was worth. ]ut I could only suceed in easing the knot a little and lengthening the loop. Not a'second, how ever, was to be lost, so I turned him over on his face, stretched myself down by his body, which now lay in a'line with the rails, field on with all my strength to the tethered leg, and waited. "1 wasn't a nmoment too soon'either. A deafening, stunning crash filled my ears for a few- seconds. and then I rolled over and down the slight embankment, while the train passed onward, leaving me dazed and stupid for a moment. "' I shook myself together and struck a match, expecting to find a severed or at least a bruised and broken foot; but, to my joy, I saw instead the shattered rope Sground "to powder. and the man lying senseless and unharmed by my side. His e foot was just clear of the line, and when s the rope gave way we both rolled over. Until I lit the match I had no idea of what had really happened." f Lavender paused amoment, wiping the e perspiration from his forehead, which began to gather afresh at this time. "1Yhat do yon stop for, man ? Don't you see that I'm bursting with imna r ticisce. By heavens, if it he as I suspect, I I'll hunt the wretches down, if it takes me from now to the Day of Judgment ! y Go on, man, I'm waiting." e "After a few minutes," continued n Lavender, controlling his own feelings o with an effort, "the poor fellow came a round anid was able td talk a bit. He told me in.a few words how li he came to be in o such atight place." • t "What's his name? Did-he tell you I his name?" asked Nolan, in excitement. " Yes, Cameron-Aliek Cameron, of t the Bald Hill. He was-riding across it from the Bolinda station, when lie met e three men driving a mob of about fifteen o head of cattle. He knew the cattle, and hie knew the men better, two of them at d least, for it was then scarcely dusk, and y he challenged them at once with a "duling." High words followed, and the k end of it was that he threatented to have it them lagged for their night's work. y "Before he guessed' their intention lihe was knocked off his horse and bound hand and foot They dragged him to the line, having agreed hurriedly to silence his tongne after the inhumanfashion Itold you. "The cruel, bloodthirsty wretches !" cried Nolan passionately. Who could think of such a fiendish revenge unless perfect devils entirely? Well, what happened after this ? I suppose they cleared off, the cowards, and left him to his fate." "That they did-they rode off coolly, after tauntin the poor fellow with the information that the Bendigo train would be coming along in less than half-an-hour. "Few men, I suppose, ever suffered what he did for the next quarter of an hour. He had no idea, he said, of how the time passed. All he knew was that every minute seemed to be a life-time, or, at least, to have a life-time's memory crowded into it. "Presently he heard a faint sound, which began to grow louder by degrees, until he could see at length, by rsng his head a little, the bright head-light of the approaching train, which grew stronger each moment, until at last it dazzled him with its blinding rays, so close was it upon him, He shut his eyes, and then a roaring sound filled his ears as the train came dashing down on him, and then, thundering onwards, rushed away in the darkness. "It proved to be a special on the other line, fl ing past on its way to Mel bourne.' "By the powers ! What a squeak he had! No wonder he fainted, poor fel low, when he saw the wild eye of that cruel monster, which would polish him off in a jiffy, glaring at him in the dark ness. Where did you leave him?"asked Nolan, suddenly. "He went in search of his horse, and promised to wait for us at the railway crossing, where he met the cowardly thieves a little earlier. We can then follow up the trail, which is still hot" "He didn't mention their names-did he?" "Never a name; but he knows them, all the same, as I told you. Poor devil! His knowledge nearly cost him his life !" Nolan jumped to his feet. "You have no horse, I suppose ?" "Not the ghost of a moke !" ""But you can ride, of course?" " Like a book," and Lavender smiled, as much as to say-" I have done a thing or two in that line in my day, as many a man knows to his cost.' Without another word the trooper left the room, crossed to the shanty over the way, made his way to the stable at the rear, and returned in less time, than it takes to tell, leading a horse fully equipped for the road. "Here, Lavender," he said, hurriedly, "hold this impatient brute, and I'll be with you while you'd be saying 'T Jack Robinson.'" In a few minutes he returned with his own horse, then, entering the station room, he secured a pair of revolvers and his carbine, all of which he examined carefully to see that they were loaded, after which he angin appeared before his companion. Giving one of the revolvers to Lavender, he vaulted lightly into the saddle, dug the spurs into his horse's sides, and swept out of the village, closely followed by the other, to whom this sudden dash came as a surprise. Before they had well cleared the town ship, Nolan eased down a bit in order to let his companion come up with him. The latter, though well mounted, was at some disadvantage, however, for the tooper's horse was a splendid animal, well groomed and well cared for, and capable of outstripping any horse for twenty miles around. It was now approaching midnight, and in less than half-an-hour they arrived at the railway crossing where they were to meet Cameron. He was there awaiting them, but there was no hone to bear him company. "The mean scrubbers have marched off with my horse," he said, by way of greeting when they came up. " Gone off with your horse !" exclaimed Nolan, in surprise. "What madness to burden themselves with a horse they didn't want If they shot him I wouldn t be a bit surprised, but to encumber them. selves with a horse they didn't require was the height of folly." " He'll come in handy for them, after a wee bit, when they are hard pressed," Cameron remarked," for there'snotahorse in the distriet-unless yours-that can showBurnsidealeanpair of heels,"andhe pointed to the trooper's horse when in stituting this comparison. "Do you know the fellows, and do you think you would be able to identify them?" asked Nolan somewhat anxiously. " Two of them I could swear to any where-the third kept his face masked, and I couldn't make out who he was, though he was the leader." "And the other two-do they belong to these parts ?" "Rather-one of them is young Car ter-" "What! the splitter on Doran's selec tion! By JTove, who'd have thought it ? And the other-tell me who the other was !" " The other was Buckley, the ostler at the Piper's Creek pub-the fellow that was sacked from the police two or three years ago for robbing a drunken shearer min the lock-up at Gisborne." "Good heavens! and to think that I never suspected these fellows! Why, young Carter is the last man in the colony I'd suspect, After that, I'll never trust to appearances again." " He was led away, no doubt," spoke the forgiving Cameron, half apolo getically. "Bad company has ruined many a good lad before to-day." "And Buckley, too," resumed Nolan, indignantly. "Why, the infernal traitor was in receipt of five bob a week from myself, with nothing to do but keep his weather eye open. . I'll open it for the skunk before the sun sets to-morrow, or my name isn't Bob Nolan, and lie shook the reins loose as he spoke, while he listened to the laughter that greeted his confidential disclosure. "I am sorry that you cannot be in at. the death, Cameron; but it can't bel helped, I suppose," and he dashed off, followed by Iavender, leaving a cloud of dust behind them that enveloped Cameron in its folds as he stood watching their departure. When it cleared away they were already out of sight. For fully a quarter of an hour the pace at which they started was kept up, the trooper still in advance. Recognising, however, the folly of knocking up their horses so early in the chase, whichimight prove to be a lengthened one, Nolan slackened his pace and allowed the other 4 to come up. 1 " The trail here is as wide as the road," 1 remarked Lavender, " and should it con tinne like this, there oughtn't to be much 1 trouble in running them down-ought there P" "But it may not continue, mate. The t leader is no raw Cornstalk, nor is he t likely to throw a chance away. WVehave the moon in our favor, however, or we I might unsaddle the horses at once and sit s down by the roadside, for all that we s could do." The road here suddenly forked off, one s branch leading towards Sunbury, and the a other shooting off in a northerly direc. tion, bearing direct for Lancefield and '1 the country lying beyond. To the astomshment of the pursuers, the tracks, instead of leading to .Mel bourne here, followed the other route. I o " What's to pay now, lad ?" Nolan. g called out in surprise. "What's their n little game now, I wonder ? Lancefield is no safe market for their wares. They ft must be mad, surely." If "Not so, mate," broke in his com nion. "These fellows didn't come d own with the last shower. They are o about to lie low while the scent is hot. I'm willing to wager a leg of mutton to a bunch of turnips that I know where the plant is to be put up, for the next day e or two at any rate. They are making for the ranges between Romsey and Kilmore, a or rm a Dutchlman, friend." -Nolan thought a moment. " I don't e say but you're right, mate. They will a proably break up the little mob into e three parts. By this means they may hope to dispose of them quietly and without causmg any fuss." a" If my suspicions are right," put in Lavender, "the place they are heading for is secure enough for days to come, or weeks for that matter. If they can only provide themselves with a supply of grub, their chances of avoidingpursuit couldn't be better than in those ranges, every foot of which I know like A B ." "That's lucky, lad, for I don't know a foot of the country about here. The rnges yon speak of I have never even heard of." P For some time they rode on in silence, r reaching in due course the village of Romsey, then only a few scattered houses. t " Just as I expected," cried Lavender, with satisfaction, when Romsey lay a couple of miles behind them. "5Just as I expected," and he looked joyously at the trail which here branched off to the right, and turned in the direction of the creek, about a mile from the main road. "It's a roundabout way of doing it, but they'll get there all the same in the long run," he added. "So will we, too, lad, and, to all appearahee, before the horses have time to cool. That looks like a cloud of dust at the foot of the range, doesn't it ?" "You have better eyesight than mine, mate, if you can see anything like that in this light, However, they cannot have long passed here, as the dust is Ianging about still. I feel it in my nostrils and throat, though I cannot see it" By this time they had crossed the little creek, after which they continued to fol low the winding track that brought them nearer every moment to the wooded range, which soon dipped down almost to the road. Five minutes later they pulled up suddenly at a broken panel in the fence, through which those they were in pursuit of had evidently entered the timbered paddock which now lay between the rough bush road and the ranges. They followed without a moment's hesitation, and, crossing the paddock, were soon at the foot of the first of a succession of deep ranges, in which the criminal population of an entire nation might reasonably hope torest in security. Here they alighted and held a council of war before proceeding further. They had three desperate men to deal with, they knew. Men who would stick at nothing, and would sell their lives dearly when brought to bay, They therefore felt that they must first make sure of their position, and, in order to do so, they must discover the camping ground the criminals had chosen for a temporary resting place, and turn the knowledge thus acquired to the best ad vantage later on, according as chance or strategy directed. Tying up their horses securely, they started on foot. The trail, which they did not value so much now, grew less distinct on the hard rocks and flinty shingle. They noticed, however, that it proceeded round a thickly wooded spur instead of crossing the range, which, however, pre sented no difficulty to either cattle or horsemen. aThe trooper and his com - r straight for the brow of tih 1 out attem ting to follo te ran f he true I fungitives, -nowing that this eoar prove the shortest and moist e~ the long run. On gaining the summit, howe ing was to be seen of tle part Lavender expect it other pat " There is another ran yet, or rather a terrace of this remarked to the trooper, t r nued to plod uIpwards. SNolaawas satisfied that hi was right when, a few rinto ? t had gained the brow of the 1 wlmt appeared to be o atr The next acclivity was onot1 continuation of the ran h cended. A little to the eft oo tinguislied in the grey da ning that resembled the WSlhite aits about the hilltops at davbreaina On closer inspection it pruinr cloud of dust. There I old bo taking its identity this time ? the doubting Lavender was f t "They Imhaven't crossed thats an hour ago," he exClaimed "and when we reach the enet have the villains under oti dreaming in their mistaken sec the end is so close at bau looked at the stern face of lit was speaking, and blessed his lie had such a resolute oai task lie had undertaken-a tas experience'told him would e n play in the struggle that was a ing. CHAPTER I. They climbed the billowy ra more caution now, keeping rte ward without turning to thke I those they were in pursuit evidently crossed. On gaining another range stood facrin te and precipitous, and wholly ins even to pedestrians. A deep, i Sthekly strewn with Ihue , STo their disappointment those were in quest of were nohlier seen. It appeared at first sig they had been following aln trai during the night. Their ohs was solely directed towards the it was in this direction they w posed to have entered the val nothing was visible within th range of vision. It was possible, they knew, f men and even their horses to away in the irregular bed of this gorge, but io provide in like is 15 head of cattle was more ditie "They must be further up the Lavender whispered to his co "They evidently intend to o than a day or two here, in oe plenty of time for the affair to b IthinkI know the spot they hare "Move on, then. I'm burnin satisfied that we haven't been o goose chase after all our troitl heart dropped into my boots just I saw that long stretch of gu?yem Lavender tirned 'to the right, back, however, from the bros range, for he did not care about unnecessary risks, and led hi panion forward for nearly a of an hour. All at once the widened into a broad basin, em about an acre in circular exten position was exceptionally wild an tiful, and'its very existence undr byNolan,until it burst unexpeete his sight. From the thick ambush of the watchers looked down upon their i victims who had already hobbl horses and allowed the cattle to lie down, as the fancy seized the their long and hurried drive. A just lighted and the billies, whie F rm thin thread of water S pring in tle hillside, were •lrj in position. Two of the l;wtri?ed out at full length by fra mammoth boulder which oc ylitary positionin the very centre Smphitlheatre. These were o' r en, nwho thus rested n'wgard for tie billies to boil. , the mal with the mask, was i klinout with his hands a hole artl wherein to catch sultli in which to bury his face. was evidently more fastidious iplmlnions, and was notprepared the luuary of his mornmngs ab -3tehers on the hill looked down Spon his movements. his -t leingtl accomplished; and, Sa fe minutes for themuddy 'ilt' its sediment to the bottom _wi.?,d blasin, hie pulled oft the ibrier his face in the cooling in and again did he repeat JnI until his craving was at til, whein he arose to his feet. ace was now turned towards the iel {, who lost not an item of the lor?nanee. 1While the man was t of seeking for a handkerchief in et with a view of drying himself, a amazed to hear a low cry 3acompanion, who dropped sud *his knees, after seizing the ear ci h lay at the foot of the tree be. hoid they were both standing. Hle it at the man before he had time uae of his impromptu towel. man Do you want to give us ? -cried the trooper, excitedly. it'down, or by heavens I'll slice inldpipe for you, you senseless and he seized the weapon as lie tai wrested it from the hands of who was ashen white, and ' like the leaves of the sheoak far hibreezy plains. re in e alone, will you ?" cried the nan. as he now pulled out the re :.athi which Nolan armed him on "leave me be, or you'll curse ,,o crossed my path, as many a I;lone before to-day. Sui'et. man, I tell you, or you'll .crVe tl l n g ." " Ige me be, I say. Don't I know ,te.edistilled traitor, the man who ae the curse and the outcast that Le':tve me alone, you meddling tllrven't I sworn to wash my hands heart's blood, and I'll do it too, if I todo it over your dead body, and for it the next moment." ta had his arms around the man as ie the last words in short and heavy lveron mad?" lie cried. "Can'tyou r, infernal fool. that-lhe has joined a?anions. and that anything hasty ru?lld spoil everything. You would *a fail in your attempt, but wouild bo th our lives, man. That revolver lrbhuaky hands wouldn't hit the big dir this minute, not if you were with. Imt, vards of it! Put it away at a, rte, and be reasonable, like a good r. Yon can't be half as anxious to thenmurdering thief as I am." Larcnder still continued to struggle, ith evident signs of yielding. -Do you think, continued Nolan, t if I was forced to hunt him round :culia that I'd let him escape, after his idthir tv attempt upon the life of poor -ron last night? No, lad, we'll do Sbry antion than by acting up to your folflv." Lirenter ceased to struggle now; and -; his hands fall by his sides, allowed noatable to become possessed of the alrer without making any further la to retain it. SNow, sit down, mate," spoke Nolan in ,iliatory tone, " sit down beside me lt us talk the matter over, They are three against ive of us, and threo men who don't regard life a pinch of snuff If one of us drops in the first bout, the game is up, and the fellow that's left has to' get,' or lie won't be left for long! Msark my words, lad, these fellows have the odds all in their favour if we make a rush for it, or even try the carbine at long range." "What d yodu propose to no, then? Cotaking never did .much for anybody." "There's not mueh of a croaker abount Bob Nolan, my man.. But hlie's not a natsral-born foolto shut his eyes when the danger signalis flying in front. In dealing with men who don't care the value of a brass- farting for their lives, the man would be a fool who thlrew away his chances to passion. Cruelty must be met with eunn ist By this time Lavender had grown more amenable to reason; and, following the trooper's example, sat down doggedly by the foot of thetree, but in such a position as not to lose sight for a moment of the three men below, now engaged in discus sing the hot tea. S"Fire away withll your plan, then," said Lavender, in a surly tone. ' I'mrady to fall in with the views of such a Solomon in wisdom as you put up for. All I want is to be left a free hand in disposing of Milson when we come to close quarters.! "M ilson ! What are you giving us, manu You don't surely mean to tell me that yonder scoundrel is the blood-thirsty Milson who did fourteen years for murder (tey called it manslaughter) and who has all the cruelty of the panther, stopping short only at the lapping up of the blood of his victims P" " You've struck it this time, mate. The cold-blooded butcher is within easy range of your carbine this minute, and would probably have turned lip his toes five minutes ago if-you hadn't interfered. Aren't you proud of your' caution now? You'll probably get a stripe for it this time, mate." -- - But the insulting words of the speaker Ihad little effect upon the good- tempered and forbearing trooper. The constable felt that this man had some heavy score to settle with the outlaw. The latter,tin tie meantime, sipped his tea under the very eyes of the men who hungered for Ihis capture, and never dreamt of tile proximity of danger. "I am convinced more tihan ever, my friend," Nolan explained, "that ,I have done exactly the-right thing, rd sooner have the body of one live alilson than ten dead ones. We must catch the villain alive, and make an 'example of him that ill striketerrorto the hearts of evildoers" " But I want his life," hissed avvender; "I tell you, man, t satnothing short of his life will satisfy my craving." r "Bali! Your vengeance doesn't de serve this name. A bullet in the brain is too short a shrift for such an monster. Why, for last night's exploit' alone a dozen deaths such as you propose would not equal in suffering one minute of Cameron's agony, from tile moment he first saw the light of the engine till it crashed down upon him to be ground, as lie expec ted, to powder under the pitilesswheels." " You may be right, mate ; and yet I feel that a century passes over my head every minute the cruel and treacherous dog is allowed to live-to live and poison the air with his vile carcase." "The hour of your triumph is at hand, my friend. I will not stop to inquire what injury you have suffered at this man's hands, but if it were greater still you will be amply avenged, provided only you have patience a little longer. His poison fan?s will be drawn before the sun you see risinsg now in the east has settled down to sleep in the west to-night. In the meantime let us follow the example of these fellows and hlarve a mouthful also." And to Lavender's surprise Nolan drew from one of the pockets of his coat a small parcel of bread and meat and. from the otler a flask of whiskey. "The old dog b for the hard road," he quoted laughingly, h as he shared this repast with his com- f panion. "The fact is I was about to start ti ofaf early this morning on a scouting ex- hI pelition, and had made my preparations o aceordinglywwhenyoulropp-iulnstnight i To that lucky circumstance we owe the . moans of breaking our fast this morning." o 4.ndwithoutanother wordtheysettoand n soon polished off the frugal meal. Each was so engrossed with his. own thoughts p that he took no thought of the other. , n SIn the meantime the men they were shepherding having finished their frugal o meal, drew more closely together and ap- p peared to be discussing their programme. f For more than a quarter of an hour they carried on what seemed a heated argu- i meat, when Buckley at length arose, v saddled his horse and rode of~ down the l gully in a jaunty mood, appealing well satisfied with the ioine of their late de- r liberations. Not so, Ihowerer, the man a known as DMilson. He stalked up the t gully in a dissatisfied mood, resentingthe democratic principle of majority rule. "By the Lord ]larry," cried Nolan, t lhastily, "I have changed my mind ! Our i chance has come to us, lad Where do I yoittlinkthatBuckleyfellowhas goneto?" ' "To the township, mate, for whiskey!" r "Just my idea exactly," cried the trooper, joyously,.and with more excite meat than he had shown for hours. I " They intend. as we expected they would, to camp hero for a day or two, and Carter and Buckley are resolved to improve the shining hour." "That's about the ticket, mate. They ] have outvoted the more cautious ruffian, and sohe was forced to give in. You can see that by the savage mood in which lihe went off." "Look here, Lavender, I. had made up my mind to wait until dusk, and then rush them after theyhad settleddownsecurely -for the night. But now-" "Well, I see no reason to change your plan," interrupted the other. "Youdon't,ehs? Andwhy,miglhtIask?" " Because now more than ever the plan looks promising. Don't you see that these fellows will be drunk to-night. and then we ean-" " Hang it, man, broke in Nolan, "do yenou think I'm going to lend myself to such a cowardly way of doing business as you propose? Bob Nolan, I can tell you, isn't built that way." "It would be the safest way at any rate," persisted Lavender. "It might be the surest and the safest way too, but it's a waythat wouldn't give me much pleasure to remember in the days to come. No, lad, there wouldn't be much to boast of in waiting for the men to get dead drunk before we had the pluck to tackle them. That's not my way." "No, nor. is it mine, either, I can tell you, mate. You had proof of that, I guess, half an hour ago. As you.yourself were the one to urge caution,l was only de sirons that yonder cowardly wolf wouldn't escape for want of caution on my part." " Now, that's the sort of talk I'm ready to listen to! Do you agree with me then that the attempt should be made at once?" " Yes, as soon as ever we can makesure that Milson is out of sight and hearing." Nolan jumped to his feet at once and proceeded along the range to stalk the unsuspecting Milson. It was fully half an hour before he returned, during which Lavender never removed his eyes for a I moment from Carter, who lay basking at the foot of the boulder in the genial rays of the morning sunshine. By and bye he threw his arms across his face and tossed I about restlessly-the increasing heat of the sun was growingi uncomfortable. He f rose at length and changed his place, taking up his new position on the shady side of the boulder where ihe became lost 1 ot Lavender for the first time. "Nothingl could play into our hands better than this," muttered" the latter to himself;p " the coast is now clear I"Only for this slice of luck we would be forced to make a big circuit in order to approach him unseen. Fortune has given us the odd trick as well as the honours this morn ing. Nolan was right after all." As he came to this conclusion the object of his, flattering approval approached noiselessly to his side. "Nothing could be better, lad, for our purpose! I watched Milson for nearly a mile upthe gully, and when I got the last sight of him lie started to elimb the oppositerange, which he'll find no child's play can tell you. He can't be back for an hour at any rate, perhaps two." Then looking down below, he exclaimed in a voice of consternation, " I say, man, what in thunder has become of CarterP There isn't a trace of him yonder!'" Lavender hastened to set his mind at rest. and the trooper could searcSely repress ta cry of joy when.he realised the advan tage this change of position gave them. I was going to hobble our horses, old man, and let them pick up a mouthful or two, but there is no necessity for that now." Then, rubbing his hands in pleased expectation, he added: "In a couple of hours, perhaps less, they'll have as square a feed in one of the Romsey pubs as ever they had in their lives. And they'll need it, too, poor brutes, after their long fast and sharp journey." "Will we make a start at once then? " r asked Lavender, emphatically. o "No hurry, my boy, in the world. It will be just as well to wait until Carter has fallen asleep, which won't be long i, now, you "bet. lHe was on the verge of a faUing off, you may be sure, when the sun e and flies hunted him. Besides, as neither of the others is likely to return immedi p ately, there is no pressing hurry tobegin." I For nearly half an hour they waited. y and then Lavender went up the brow of the range a little way to reconnoitre, but Ir saw nothing of Milson. After this. the two men, who had arranged their course of action while ni waiting, began to descend the hill a cautiously, in order to avoid displacing in the loose stones which strewed its side abulmndantly. Nolan carried the carbine, o while each held a revolver in readiness as h they proceeded. is Step by step they advanced, Lavender 't picking out the way and the trooper follow nginhis footsteps. Atlengththey reached :y the grassy turf below, and a few seconds later were on the sunnysideof theboulder. st Not knowing but the man might ro possibly be awake and ready to struggle ie hard for freedom, Nolan laid dows the be carbine and motioned to his companion to a pass round on one side while he took the se other. The next moment they were facing each other on the shadowy side of the 11 rock, while there at their feet on the green I sward, lay the sleeping Carter with a if revolver loaded in five chambers by his e- side. They paused a moment, exchanging 't quick glances as they did so. Presently the trooper made a sign to the other, ly which he appeared to comprehend by n instinct, for ie disappeared round the " rock at once, returning instantly with a re bridle rein belonging to one of the men. And now, at another sign from Nolan. id who smiled to see how well his companion se understood his last gesture, Lavender If stooped, picked up the loaded weapon !h from beside the sleeping man, and dropped a it into his own pocket. at In amoment they were both upon him; ys and before he was fully aware of his ie danger, or able to understand what was ed really occurring, he was lying securely of bound and helpless at their feet. ie "What game are you up to, mates? e, Tell me when you have finished this joke, ly won't you f" Ist "We'lltellyou the joke in a minute, if you promise not to split your sides with Is .laughter when your hear it:" ?Who the devil--" then suddenly recognising the trooper. "lah. 'Bobby' N'olan !" and his jaw fell as he took in tile situation with a gasp. "Yes, Bobby Nolan ! On that you can speculate your bottom bob !" and N olan laughed as he pulled harder at the rein he was now tightening about the ankles. "I say, mate, you needn't surely screw a fellow's feet of in your excitement of your own joke! Draw it a little milder if you, can-I'll take your strength for granted." " You'll take more than that for granted before I'm finished with you, my budding beauty. You may as well also take seven years for granted while you are in the taking humor." As hands and feet were now securely tied, the first instalment of success was theirs. Nolan rejected the advice of his companion to clap the bracelets on their prisoner. ." We may have more necessity by-and bye for the only pair I've got, so that while we have the time on our hands we'll practise the cabinet trick, while we have an inch of bridle to spare." The wisdom of this resolution was soon indicated. The galloping of a horse was now heard in the distance-now soft and muffed as he struck the turf with his hastening feet, now hard and metallic as the hoofs rattled over the stones and shingle at the entrance to the gully. Buckley was returning, and sooner than they expected. He was evidently sup plied with an instalment of what he re quired at the public-house on the way to Romsey, and returned to camp with his consignment of whisky, leaving the less i mortant item of solids for a subsequent visit. Nolanand Lavender exchanged glances. as if both had grasped the same idea at once. Then stooping down they raised Carter between them and removed him to the other side of the rock, where he could be easily seen in his recumbent position by the approaching horseman. Rolling him over on his back, Nolan intimated, with a blood-curdling threat of speedy extinction, that the slightest warn ing on his part would send his soul to torrid climes before his voice had time to reach the ears of him for whom it was intended, Carter shivered as he listened. In a moment they were again behind the rock listening to the beating hoof sounds drawing nearer and nearer. They had not long to wait,.. for Buckley, freighted with the chief accessory to a big carouse, was not allowing the grass to grow under his feet. The foot-beats were not fifty yards away now, and Buckley was already slackening speed, when the men in ambush were startled to hear the voice of Carter raised high in warning. "Fly! fly for your life, Tom; the blooming traps are on us !" Without waiting a moment to comprehend the novelty of the strange situation or to marvel at the absence of any visible foe, Buckley wheeled round suddenly, and driving his spurs into Burnside, for it was Cameron's stolen horse he rode, dashed madly down the gully-over the way he had just come. Swift as he was, however, a bullet from Nolan's revolver, followed by another and another, proved swifter still. bring ing the horse down and sending Buckley to grass, who rolled over and over fifteen feet in advance of the fallen horse. He quickly regained his feet, however; but, before he had fully recovered from the stunning effect of his fall, both men were upon him. A sharp tussle ensued, but a stroke from the handle of Lavender's revolver brought him to his knees once more. Still, it was only' after arduous effort that a sharp click inforie"d the latter that Nolan had succeeded in getting the hand y cuffs on the man, who struggled like a wild beast to the last. e "That settles your hash for a fifteen years' stretch, old man, or else I'm a false r prophet," laughed Nolan. triumphantly, as he led thle ex-constable back to the Sspot where the other lay. "I could do it on my head, you trea Scherous dog, as long as I have the hope that I'll come out alive to riddle your carcase with cold lead. 'Whlen that day comes, and come it will, I won't forget this morning's work nor the cowardly odds of two to one." "'Why didn't you call upon Carter for help, man ? He would have listened to you at any rate, if he didn't help you. Your attempt to escape just now, leaving yoitr friend in the lurch, like the cur you are, deserves that much gratitude from your mate !" "You can talk big now that my hands are tied. The police are all cowards that's their character, at any rate, and they live up to it." "You lie, you hound; it is not their character, and even if it was they would have earned it through such black sheep as you.' You speak of cowardice! Doesn't it well become you to do so, whose highest bravery when you were in the force was the robbery of drunken men. And Nolan, as he spoke, flung him beside his companion with a gesture of contempt that was more maddening to the man than if he had brutally kicked him. A sudden crashing of hbrushwood was heard at this moment, and, looking up quickly, Lavender, with the cry of an enraged wild beast, recognised Milson forcing his way down the hillside. The sudden cry brought Nolan tohis side, but not before Lavender emptied his revolver I in a fruitless attempt to bring down the approaching outlaw, who now sto'od'i moment irresolute, as hlie saw this unex pected reinforcement Seeiig the absence of his two confederates, and noticing the wounded horse struggling fifty or sixty yards away, he took min the situation at a ance. Raising his revolver, lie fired, st before he was able to pull thetrigger a second time or note the effectof his first shot, the hand that held the weapon fell powerless by his side, the fingers being t shattered by a ball from the trooper's re volver. a Turning quickly, he fled up the thickly wooded slope, followed by the constiahle. But at this moment, when Nolan dashed off in pursuit, a faint cry from Lavender cansed him to hesitate a moment. Turn ing round, lie saw him reel backwards against the boulder, and press his hand to his left side. Lavender, noticing his uncertainty, t hastened to exclaim, "Don't mind me, mate; after securing him it will be time enonugh to return and look to me. I'll be t all right." Bit even as Nolan looked the man's hand was dripping with blood. He c turned back at once. "Go, I tell yon ; go at once, or I will 1 curse you with my dying breath! I'd 1 sooner die this minute than that this devil I incarnate should escape. He wasn't satisfied with blasting my whole life, but I] finishes ip by doing for me as you see." 1 Nolan hesitated no longer, regretting the valuable time lie had already lost. But short as the diversion was, it proved 2 ample to cover the retreat of the flying outlaw, who was nowhere to be seen as Nolan penetrated the heavy timber that clothed the hillside. Neither sound nor sight rewarded his efforts.. Returning disappointed, Ihe found Lavender sitting at the foot of the boulder, his life blood oozing fast away from a red orifice in' the left breast A look ofbaflledliatep'assed over his face as lie saw Nolan retuirn from I his unsuccessful mission. ' a "What can I do for you, mate ?" asked the latter, in kindly and sympathetic a accents. e " Nothing now; you have failed in the only thing it was possible for you to do e for me, in order to relieve my dying mo ments. My time is measured and no \- thing can be done for me now !" Nolan knew the man spoke truly, for r no one could possibly outlive the amount of blood he had already lost. t " What was this man to you in the past ?" he ventured to ask, as he sat down by the poor fellow and supported the drrooping body, fast draining to death. What were you to each other ?" "Companions inl crime for a season, preying upon the honest and law-abiding ! I was his tool, however, rather than his companion. After a big haul we once made, the villain played me false, for, being hard pressed, the traitor flmag me to the wolves of the law and made his escape with the swag while they were devouring me." He paused to take breath a moment, for he was growing visibly weaker. "Two years-two long years afterwards, when I got out. I revisited our old haunts, but lie was gone. I followed him up, but hearing of my pursuit, and fear ing my vengeance, he laid the traps on to me again, and I got five years this time. I worked it off, every day of it, without an hour's remission, for I was trouble some occasionally, and for two years now I have been keen on the scent, only to meet my death at his hands in the end !" Lavender had now grown so weak that his voice scarcely rose above a whisper as he asked Nolan to lay him down on the grass. The trooper did so as tenderly as an hospital nurse, but the change of posi tion, though gently effected, increased the hemorrhage, and in less than five minutes lie had passed quietly away without sound or sigh. The vengeance he pursued so steadily.just managed to evade him at the last. Our story is soon told. Carter got eight years and Buckley twelve, as his criminal record was much heavier and extended over a period long antecedenecedent to the depredations in the Bullengarook I ranges. Milson unfortunately escaped at the time, to leave his name subsequently in the bushranging chronicles of the colony I after a fashion that proved sensational. He was ultimately captured under the name of Moonlight, which he made noto- i rious for a brief period while pursuing his lawless avocation on the bush roads north I of the Dividing Range. Poor misguided and ill-fated Lavender 3 was buried in the Lancefield Cemetery, I where a worm-eaten wooden cross, bear- a ing the initials "W.L.," still testifies to the spot where he found a resting place at last, after the stormy' vicissitudes of 1 life in those.troublous days of old, when the spirit of turbulent unrest brooded darkly abioad, shadowing the land with deeds of violence and daily outrage. This busy old fellow, too busy was he To linger at breakfast, at dinner or tea, For the merry small chatter of children and wife, Bnu led in his iarriage a bachelor life; Too busy for kisses, too busy for play, No time to be loving, no time toie gay. No time to replenish his vanishing health, 1 No time to enjoy his swift gathering I wealth, But he found time to die Oh, yes, fe found time to die. Country Rector-" I' haven't seen yout at chiurch:lately." Old 'Wdiian- "No, sir I heered as hOts it ?iss very rinhealtlifnl to sleep in c the daytime." 