PREPARING A PLAY. English v. Amepican Methods. .An Instructive Contrast.' Your play is accepted by a responsible man ager at a theatre or first-class reputation! Nothing can exceed the joy of the occasion (says Clement Scott in an admirable article In the New York "Herald" In which he coil- t rasts the care taken in . first-night perform- ances in America with the general unprepitr- cdncss of English productions). You shake hands witli yourself and dream of fame and fortune. You may have hung'-about stagey doors— most miserable of occupations— you may have frequented actors' dressing-rooms, seen them "make up," and listened night af- ter night to their eternai "shop." You may have bored your friends to distraction with favourite quotations from your sacred manu script, cursed the clique that kept you out from the paradise of dramatic authorship, declared that the drama was going rapidly to the dogs because you remained among .the .unacted, and made your own life and that of others a burden to all concerned . with that unrecognised play on your desk or locked up securely like a skeleton ill a private c u p - ibonrd. But all anxiety is over now. Youi jireclous play is accepted, the manager has expressed a favourable opinion' of It, the date " of the production is foreshadowed, and, joy fat joys! the hour of the reading is fixed. Life, you will say, "goes very -well then." Don't ibelleve it, my dear young friend. Your new- horn agony Is about to comnience. Drama tic authorship gives you a wholly new expe dience. Actors and actresses as a rule are the most genial people and the most delightful com panions, but if you want to see, them at their .very worst, with all their bristles out. and their prejudices displayed In the most acute 'form, commend me to a sight of them on the1 inornlng ; .IWHEN !A! NEW PLAY IS READ TO THEM. ' Before the reading begins the actor-manager, particularly If he has a good part in store ' lor him, implores the company' to. preserve- .strict secrecy on the subject of the author's .plot. If anything leaks but there is Immi nent danger of the play being pirated abroad, smd if the newspapers get hold of the story gill interest will be discontinued. The man ager might just as well talk to the walls. All are bound to secrecy, and d few. days after- .Wards a mysterious paragraph appears, giv ing the whole show away. In fact, such is -,.lhe danger of communication between the stage and, the active paragraplilst that the author Is unable to give each member of the cast a printed copy of his work from Avh!eh to study, and by which alone he or Bhe can understand the "material bearing of the char- is:/ aelers, one toward the other, and the quit' pro quo is nowadays so : firmly , established i between actors, -actresses, and journalist! C that many authors refuse to read their play: J." at all. The artists have to study from '"cues" and to pick up the story by fits and starts at rehearsal.' In. fact, I have known cases i W here on the first production those entrusted < -u Itli. leading partB did not know any, mort or what the play was about than the man E 1,1 the moon. As y'ou read and read on, the attention,, partially stimulated at the outset,' . SINKS TO ZERO. . Each seeine cannot materially- affect every- . : tody. Tou soora see that nobody takes the; t faintest interest in what does not concern the Individual artist. . As the interest wanes, your Voice -gets fainter and fainter, aind. becomes. .. monotonous end, hollow as a ghost's. Nobody ls looking at you or paying the slightest con- sequence to .what you are saying. They are , i all staring up at the celling, or out of the win dow. At last, with the cold beads of persplrn- , Hon on your brow, you close the book and mop your forehead, with a sickly smile upon your countenance. The. first thing the lead ing-lady does Is to come up to you, with a forced grin upon her face, and to dennsit at your side the typed-out copy of the part you intended for her hound in brown paper. '.'I don't suppose that you' want me to play that : creature," she says, with an air of offended dignity; "why, dear Mr. Scott, you must.be joking. I have a certain . position In this theatre." 'And so they all Blink away like dis contented ghosts, and leave you alone in your misery. You grope, your way back through the dark passages into the streets, and try to drown your first care at the club. THE ACTOR-MANAGER SYSTEM 'of England militates sadly against proper re hearsal, for the very gobd reason that the actor- manager, who has the best' part, is on the stage atteiidlngto his business as an ac tor, whereas he should be in the stalls conir Jnanding the scene and the picture, and-mov-; Jng his puppets with authority.- The conse quence is that rehearsals in mine cases out of ten are mere waste of time and temper. The first rehearsal is devoted- to. what- is called "company parts," and after that farce has been gone through, which would he unneces sary if a printed book were handed to every body, there follows a dally scene of discord had confusion. There may be here and'there exceptions to this rule, but they are few and far betweeni Everyone is full of suggestions, and no one . Seems to arrive at a conclusion- "Don't you think I ought to cross here?" "Don't you think It would be better If I sat or stood there?" "Haven't I been up, In this corner too long?" and so on. The poor author, is In a vfjiirl; he does' not understand what ls going on in the leiast. What with the conflicts of opinion, the artful way with which every one concerned tvorlcs for Individual Interests, tlie tricks and dodges to get the centre- oft the stage, the absence of all authority and sys tem, the wretched playwright begins to des pair and be 'convinced that he bus not pre pared for himself a bed of roses! Then, poor fellow, he has to encounter for Ihe first time the actor or actress who steadily and obstinately refuses to act at rehearsal,' nay, wfcp objects to giving the slightest idea of what ls to oe done with the character at night. Such so-called artists as these gabble through their words, which are never studied Until, the last minute,' and suggest business Which no human being can understand. How can scenes be timed, how can the ensemble be perfected, how can any human being judge the effect of a play while this "gabbling" sys tem Is allowed and study Is postponed until s- , the last Instant? Sueh people are not actors of 'actresses. They are amateurs. They do not understand their business and they have mistake)) their vocation. It is not necessary to throw out your whole acting powers at . ®very rehearsal. In fact, it would be inju- dicious to -do . ,ao, It would ; be overtaxing | strength- and wasting tissue to ho' purpose. . j But- It' Is quite essential and absolutely, no- i cessary at the outset to give: an idea to all | who surround- 'you what you Intend', to do at nighty or. ydur companions may be paralysed and thrown oft their guard. Tlie.phrase "Oh! It will be all right at night!',' -Is ' ' "w ONE OF THE HERESIES . . ' : of (he stage. It Is usually all wrong at'nlglit, and when It is wrong, as It deserves to be, all this carelessness' arid slipshod method .'arid' indifference or eontelt are flung nt the liead.oC the ''critic, who sees a "first night" perform ance, which is. nothing more or less than: an Indifferent dress rehearsal, and is vilified be cause- in the Interests of the public who pay tlielr money lie tells the truth. Then It Is that the qctor- manager, : who ls mainly re sponsible for this slovenly preparation, the actor-manager, who in these modern days is aliowed' to coerce newspaper proprietors, to write silly letters to< the papers, and to vow vciigeanco generally through, his influence with society and backstairs backsheesh, waxes wroth with Journalists who dare to ad-- voeate first-night criticisms. He pipes his managerial eye arid says' It Is so unfair to the poor actor and actress, that they are not ready yet to be criticised, that they have been taken oft their guard, that they did not know their p'arts last night, but that they will know thorn next week, '. and that the' expectant world Is to wait for "news," It new -plays are, to be considered mews, until Mr. Dash has re covered from the weariness caused by Lady, Tarradlddle's rout, or Miss Margaret Mincem/ who drosses, so . well and wears such rare jewels, lias taken' the tro.uble to commit the author's- lines to memory. Half of. the fail ures or moderate successes on the stage are due to these jnefllclent and ill- organised re hearsals! and 'thd deliberate misdeeds of the artists are . fastened on to the shoulders of those who are- appointed to judge a finished work, hut, as a rule, find it a scamped daub at the best; . i must give : '! THE AMERICAN STAGE, at least, tlie credit for this fact, that I have never yet seen an actor or actress take such a liberty with an audience as to be imperfect when the. play ls actually produced. Nervous they, must . be— that is human nature— uui they arc aware of the responsibility of their 'calling. -In England, on the other hand, there are scores of actors a-nd actresses who are habitually imperfect in their words, who not only "stick" themselves, buf cause others who are letter-perfect to stick also; who ruin the scenes in which tiiey are engaged and jeopardise the; prospects of the wretched au thor. .Suck splendid first-night performances, In regard to symmetry, order, smoothness, and: system, as those: I have seen in America would be almost Impossible on a first night in London to-day. And why? Because in America you never produce a piny before It la ready. Unfortunately, we do. 