the goddess : a demon. PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. By RICHARD MARSH, Author of-" In Full Cry," ,rTho Beetlo ' A Mystory," "Tho Crime and tbe Criminal," " The Datchet Diamonds," " Tho Duke and the Damsel," &c.;, &c.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XXI, — (Continued). As a matter of fact, while the excited gentleman was speaking, I had becomo '-conscious that somothing interesting, was .taking place on the platform from wliich -the boat train had departed. The thing was becoming mora obvious every second. (Apparently tho railway officials were tak ing more or less vigorous measures to in- .duce somebody to quit tlie station pre cincts. This person, who was the centre of a , curious anil rapidly increasing crowd, .was umiounumg his opinions on divers sub jects, and on the subject of railway men in .particular, at the top of his voice und in 'strident tones with which I seemed fanii- 'Jiav. A sudden premonition swept upon ino . .that matters were rushing to a head ; that ;» few hours, a. few minutes even, would .sue the whole mystery made clear. Though -even then I had not an inkling of the form 'wliich tho explanation would take. ' As my eyes wandered I saw, pooping at us from out of the crowd, my companion's precious relative,' Air. Thomas -Moore. For some reason the young gentleman looked as if ho were half beside himself with fear; he .was pasty white. When he perceived that '1 had recognised him he slunk out of sight- like a frightened cur. 1 glanced at thu lady to learn if she also had observed her brother. From her hearing I judged nut, though as I eyed her 1 understood that she also had scon the signs of the times, the shadows which com ing events were easting before, and that she, don, realised that the hour, tlie moment, was big with her fato and mine. CHAPTER A'XII. A ?Itr.au.i:. 1-11-1 hustling throng came quickly f o r- ward. In its midst someone was being pro pelled towards tlie entrance. Although ho was shouting atthetopofhis voice, ho ap peared to he otl'eriug no ac tual resista nca. hut seemed rather to lie regarding thu pro ceedings as a joke. In spite of the hub- .hub Mr. Bernstein's accents reached my car. "Did you ever hear anything like him? Isn't lie ;l beauty? And that's the man who s hud I don't know how much cash out of inej a imtful! And that's how he goes on !" i was indifferent to Mr. Bernstein's lam- :cnlations. As tho crowd came nearer I was beginning to ask myself if I was lit earning : if,, again, 1. was about to become tlio victim of a nightmare imagining. I turned to Miss Moore. " Hadn't you— better go? Hadn't I bet- lor — get you out of this?" I was conscious that my voice was a Tittle hoarse. Hers was clear and resonant. Allhougn sho did not speak loudly, it teemed tp l-iug nboyo the din. \ "Go? Now? IViien it's coming face to iface, the light; is breaking, I'm beginning I to see clear, und it's my call? No, now : I II stay and play tho scene right through until tho curtain drops. .It was God who ixnado us miss that train." The crowd was drawing very close. Was -I asleep or waking?. Were my eyes play ing tricks, my senses leaving mo? What suddenly made the world seem to spin round and round? Who was it. in tlie midst : of the people— the man they were hustling —who raved and screamed? Was lie a creatura '.born of delirium, or a thin" of flesh and blood? " It was from tho girl at ray side that- 1 recognition first came. "It's he!" sho cried. "It's, he!" It was he— the wretch who had set us all by the ears; who had fooled and duped his ; who had played upon ns, as a last, stroke, a trick whose nature, even vet, I did not understand. I strode into the crowd. "Let; me pass! Make way for me!" They made way. It was well for, them- 'thoy did ; the strength of a dozen Samsons was at that moment in my arms. I planted myself in front of him. " How is it that ymi've come back from the gates of hell?" " Ferguson ! It's you 1" He broke into -a peal of laughter, which spoke of pain, not pleasure. "But I've not. come back! They're still sicking the fires !" He threw out. his arms, as if referring to the jeering mob, which pressed upon us. "Here are the. attendant demons — can't you see them?" I continued standing still, regarding ; him. , "It is Edwin Lawrence, as I live. Ed win — not Philip." " Yes, not Philip— Edwin !" Ho laughed again. "Would you like to see the straw berry mark? It's there." "What, is this game in which you have beon taking a hand?" " It'a a game of my own invention — and hers!' He made an upward movement with his hand. "It was from her tho in spiration came. Ehe named tho stakes, framed the rules, started the game, watched tlio play — and with both eyes she'a watched it ever since. Those eyes of hers ! 'They never sleep, and never blink or wink, but watch, watch, watch, all tho time. They've watched me ever silica the game ' began. They're watching now ! She haunts and .hounds mc — into the train, and out of it. She's here now — en joying tlio joke. Hark! Can't you hear her?" Ho stopped to listen. I heard no thing out- of the common, though it seemed ho did. "That's her laughter!" He broke into discordant merriment. "I play the part of Echo. She has me, body, soul, and spirit; and site thinks it such a jest!" He spoke as men do in fevers. I could seo that were some about us who set him down as mad. There were those who" jeered, as fools will at the sight of a man's an guish, when, iu tho abandonment of his slinine, he trails his son in tlie dust. I had seen persons ill his case before. He was not mud, as yet, but on the border line, where men light with demons. He had been drinking to drive them hack; but. they had eooio the more, threatening, mi every hand, lo shut him iu for ever. lie know what it was they threatened. It was the anguish of tlie knowledge which caused the sweat, to stand in beads upon his brow. The railway officials, I fancy, took it to be a case of incipient delirium tremens. A pet-son in authority addressed himself to me. "Are you a friend of this gentleman's, sir''" "I know him 'well.' "Are you willing to undertake the charge of him? You sec he's not in a fit state to go about alone." "I'll take charge of him." "Then you'll bo so good as to remove him from tlie station at once. He's al ready given us more than sufficient trouble." Lawrence interposed, with what he in tended to he an assumption of the grand maimer. "My good Mr. Railway-porter, or what ever you may be. I will remove myself from your objectionable station without any hint from you. My destination was Ostein!, and is now I'imlico. This is an acquaintance of mine, who owes mc fit, 880; hut T. don't, require him to take charge of me. There already is somebody who. does that. Can't you heal- her? That's her laughing." "Come," I said. " Let's get into a cab." "Thank you, I prefer milking. Nothing like exercise when von are liverish. Are you alone?" Aliss Moore came through the crowd. "No; 1 am with him." Ho stared at her, as if in doubt-; then with sudden recognition. "Alii It is the sister of the brother — the affectionate relative of niu- dear Tom — the beautiful Miss Moore ! It is like the scene out of one of tho plays, in which yon aro the bright, particular star. The ghosts are gathering round. You were there, volt saw her?" "Who?" " The Gqddess !" "Was it — a Goddess?'' "That's a demon?" " What do you mean V" She took me by the anu. " Ask liim what he means." Lawrence answered. "It's not a tiling tlio meaning of which can bo clarified by words. Come, and you shall sec; come together — Mr. Ferguson' and you." She looked at me, inquiry in hor eyes. I questioned him. "Where do you propose to take us?" "To a little place of mine, where the Goddess is." "What is this stuff about the Goddess?" "Conic, and you shall see." I glanced at her. "Let's go," she said. Ho caught, her words. " There speaks the lady who would learn, the woman possessed of tlie spirit of in quiry." I repeated my former suggestion. "Let's get into a cab." _But ho declined. " No, I'll have none of your cabs, I'll walk. I'm erihlrd, cabined, and confined nut in tho open ; in a cab I'd stifle. There's " hand upon my heart, a grip upon my throat, a weight upon my head; thoy make it hard to breathe. Til lie ill close quarters soon enough; I'll keep out of them as long as I can." 1 turned to tlio officials. "Can't you keep these people hack? T don't want to havo them following us through the streets. The man's not, drunk, lie's ill." "I should get liim into a cab." Lawrence, licnring what the fellow said,' rushed at him in a fit of maniacal fury, re penting, in a crescendo scale, "You'd got mo into a cab! You'd get ine into a cab! You'd' -get me into a cab! I'd kill you first." The man shrank back) as if fear ful that his last hour had come. We went out of the station, a motley crowd, Lawrence with Aliss Aloorc, and me close at- liis heels ; behind, before, on either side, a miscellaneous assemblage' of fools. I would have prevented her from coming, had "I had my way. I told her so at. start ing. But she whispered ill my car, "I'm not afraid. Arc y'ou?" "I am afraid for you — of these black guards ; of the mood lio's in ; of where' he's taking us ; of what may happen. I don't know what, devil's trick it is he has been playing, but I'm sure it is a devil's trick, ami there may he worse lo come." " I'm safe with you." "f doubt it." "But I am sure. The light is coming; I'd like to sec tlio brightness o£ the day, for lmiio honour's sake, which I thought might ho a consideration, perhaps, with you. Still, I'm under orders. If you bid mc'I will go. But — mayn't 1 cnnio?" X could deny her nothing whicli sue asked iu such a tone, though it were an apple out. of Eden. But I was gruff. "Then take my arm." " I'd like to." I know I was » fool, and should havo forbidden her to go with us, nor have al lowed her, wheedle as she might, to have run the risk of what might' bo to come; imt when I felt her little hand upon my arm, I would not havo hud her take 'it off again, not — not for a great deal. xo be continued. 