Authentic ghost stories nro apt to have less [ point than tho ghost stories of literature. ! I lamlet's father does not revisit tho glimpses 1 of I hc moon for nothing. Hanquo 1ms every j cause to trouble tho feast and tho conscience of Macbeth, ami so on. Tales which have no claim to classic dignity follow these standard examples. Tho other world in fiction does j not reveal itself unreasonably. In tho tele- ' pathic records of our friends who believe in j psychical rosearch somotliing similar may ofton bo observed. Tho phantasms of tho living, for exainplo, if you oncc grant thorn, may generally justify thcmsolves for some tiling better than caprice. With tho fow ghost stories, however, which como to one's knowledge neither from litoraturo nor from scientific associations, nor from more hear say, tho caso is dcpressingly different. The apparitions seem cither very unreasonable or governed in their conduct by lines of reason ing totally foreign to any human habit. I Such, at least, was tho case when about seven years ago a curious thing happonod in ; a small town 011 the coast of New England, j Tho incident has no rational meaning. At: tho 9ame time it produced on tho peoplo con- | cerned an impression sufliciontly marked to mako it worth recording. Its very lack of | meaning, perhaps, gives it a tantalising odd- 1 ity of its own. | Towards the end of ono August a gentle- I man startod a little after oiglit o'clock in the | evening to call on some friends who lived a mile or moro away. Ho drovo himself in an [ ordinary buggy, and his horse was an every- j day animal from a country stablo. His road, ' with which ho was perfectly familiar, led down a hill, at tho foot of which it curved towards a belt of low woods, through which it proceeded for perhaps a quarter of a mile. , After emerging from these woods it passed: through a region of stono walled pastures • to tho village, at tho edge of which his , friends lived. -These friends wero sitting indoors, for tho I evening, thougli rather less dark than usual, was distinctly chilly. Their houso was quite new—so new, in fact, that the fence which . now separates tho grounds from the highway had not yet been put up. In place of it a • rough board fence, of tho height of an ordin ary country rail fence, had been knocked ! togethor for the moment. This structure, however, was by no means firm, the boards which composed it wore hastily nailed to posts at a considerable distance apart. At 8.30 or so tho visitor arrived at his destination. He was a man of education and intelligence, and of unusually simple and , regular habits. He. certainly was not pos- i sessed of much imagination, nor was ho generally excitable. Yon would have called him, perhaps, agreeably matter-of-fact in temper. His friends, then, were surprised, to observe that he was in a state of distinct' agitation. He had driven down tho hill, he said, with-1 out adventure; and nothing had happened ) until he had reached the edge of the woods ! through which his road passed. There he J had been startled by a sudden, movement of his horse, which stopped short, and, appar- I ently in terror, shied to one side of the road, i Looking to secwhat had startled the animal, ' which was now trembling, he perceived close to the front wheel of his buggy the figure of a man. This -man wore a broad brimmed . hat, which flapped a little over his face; aiid j his body seemed draped in a long cloak, or ] some such unusual garment. Altogether, in j the dim light, he had an unusual look. He ; said nothing,-so the man in the buggy • addressed him, asking .what he wanted. Ho raada.no answer and no movement whatever. Meanwhile the horse kept edging away from him. Disturbed by <shis state of affairs, the driver whipped the animal, which started ahead rather wildly. To his intense surprise, the figuro remained close to the wheel. As the horse dashed on, the figure glided on, at a pace which no ordinary man could pretend to keep up, yet without either a sound or an obvious motion. Then, as the driver's eye grew more used to tho dim light, the figure, thus gliding swiftly besido him, seomed half transparent. - At ono or two points where tho woods were thin he could sec through the thing—whatever it was—to the stono walls, and the trees behind it. Ho whipped tho horse again and again, and the horse, which seomed thoroughly frightened, went at full speed. Still their unearthly companion glided on, until just as they were emerging from the woods, it suddenly disappeared. That was the whole story. A fact which afterwards transpired was not at that time known to any of the company. At this moment the spot where the thing vanished is a small country lot, covered with a tangled growth of low pines and underbrush. ' A centaury .or'more ago, it .'/appears, this lot. was a burying-ground. . Whatever the excited gentleman had really seen, his agitation was rather painful j After about half an hour, however, it began to subside under tho influence of Sympathetic talk; and presently ho said good-byo to tho company. Ho was to leave that part of tho country next day; and he wishod to make another farewell call ortwo before proceeding homo. So everybody took friendly leave of him, as they supposed for the'season. Not more than a minute or two elapsed be fore ho returned. Something, ho said, had happened to his horso; in the darkness ho could not quito make out what tho matter was; he should havo to ask for a! lantern. So a lantern was procured; .and I tho wholo. company, whose curiosity was thoroughly aroused, went out with him to see what had occurred. The part of the story which follows, then, had a number of witnesses; otherwise it would bo as incredible as it certainly was meaningless.. With equal certainty, however, it was distinctly and unpleasantly queer. When the gentleman had reached tho houso he had stopped his horse just outaido tho temporary board fence which separated tho grounds from the public road. Finding no regular arrangements for tying the nnim.il, ho had taken a rather long hitching strap, which was in his buggy, and mude it fast to tho top board of tho fonce. This proved to be about three feet abovo tho ground on which tho horse was left standing. Tho reins, meanwhile, had been tucked botween the splashboard of the buggy and tho whip, J which was standing in its socket. Thus left outside the rough fence, to which it was Securely tied, the horse had seemed porfectly ' safe. But when its master had como out again, somothing had evidently gono wrong, j To discover just what this was tho lantern j bad-been brought,and the company had como out. The light of the lantern revealed a stato of things which has never been oxplained. j What had happened was this: Somehow or. other the horse had bodily got over'the feneo and was standing on the ground iiiBide. Tho . buggy, mcanwhilo,remained outaido, and tho shafl 8 almost touched the board which now, separated the horse from tho vehicle. Of courso, one's first thought was that tho 1 animal, which had shared its master's dis- ' turbance, had got restless and had jumped tho fenco. But on careful examination no ! traces of such restlessness wero to be found. ' The reins were still tucked,not very securely, between tho splashboard and the whip. Thero wero no marks on cither side of tho for.ee which would indicate any violent move ment of tlic horse's feet. Tlio fence, again, was too high for any liorso to stop over with out hitting it; yet it bore 110 traces of any blow from a hoof; What is more, it was bo lightly knocked togother that any violent movement on the horso's part would probably havo pulled it apart; yet it was as firm as ovor. In short, whatover had really happened, the appearance of things was exactly what would havo resulted from an utterly itnpossiblo occurrence, namely, tho bodily lifting of the animal over tho fence from tho publio road to the grounds within. A certain fact is that tho only way of re leasing tho horse was to unharness him from tho buggy and to load him round to the vehicle again through a gato aomii little distance away. In tho process of unharness ing, too, it becamo evident that tho harness had in no way been disturbed. To explain the thing at all, in short, wo had to conclude that whilo the gentleman was making his call and relating his ghostly experience boiuo mischievous paesar-by had takon thotroublo deliberately to unharness tho horse, to lead him through tho gate, and to harness him to tho vohielo once more', and that, having taken all this trouble, tho mischief-maker had proceeded 01. his way. Vory certainly, no one was near enough to soe tho ensuing confusion. Very certainly, too, 110 other bit of mischief oven remotely similar lias been pei'petruted in that part of tho country for over fifteen years. That this extraordinary occurrence, trivial and meaningless though it woro, should bo instantly havo ensued upon the ghostly visi tation of the victim certainly made an un canny impression on the whole company of six or eight people who stood by while tho unlucky horse was roharnessed by lantern light to tho uninjured buggy. This process finished, everyone finally bade good-byo to their disturbed friend, who started alone on his homeward drivo. So far as any of them havo over known, nothing further happened to him that night. Ono fact, however, re mains to be added. No one of that company, all of whom had known him well, ever saw him again. Before the next summer he had died. [The End.] 