SUNDRY SPORTS. A JUST JUDGE. [For The Worker.] It was in the prime o' the Easter time When the nights were long and cold, That Macfie came down from the back to town, With a new tale to unfold. ' I've been to Moree for a spell,' said he, ' To the Grass fed Races there, And the dreadful raid which the long drought made Has just stripped the country bare.' ' It has left no blade in the sun or shade — It would be a amartish mule That a meal could glean, tho' it raked it clean, From Breeza to Angledool.' ' Yet the prads were fit as two hands could get, As well as a man could send ; They would scarcely wait for the starter's gate . And they raced from end to end. ' (When a grass -fed colt of his bit takes holt, As the Moree mokes did theirs, You may bet your sox he eats from a box — And his owner is unawares !) ' There were races six in the bag o' tricks — With three stiff nips in between ; So down went the sun ere the last was run, And then — God Save the Queen !' . ' To the left and right you met stewards so tight — They had sampled every brand — Winners were so kind that the judge was blind And the starter could not stand.' ' He'd a field of ten in front of him then — Six bays, a chestnut, a brown, A beautiful black — the Narrabri crack — And a grey from Tam worth town.' ' He got them away just a bit astray, With the black and white in front ; For the spectral hide of the grey did glide Where the darky led the hunt.' ' And the dust flew high as the pests flashed by Where they galloped breast and breast ; They never cried ' wait ' and entered the straight A street ahead of the rest.' -*? ' Without swerve or flinsh they fought out each inch, Fast locked in a hot embrace ; * And a black-white ghost streaked past the post At a clinking ding-dong pace.' ; , 'Then the crowd poured out! with an eager shout, To know who'd won the fray ; And they asked 'Who won ? The Grey or Dun?' The judge belched out, ' Whatsh shay ?' ' ' He had got them bad, and the boys got mad As cats on the midnight tiles ; . . ' , So they yelled : ' Lees skite ! Was it black or white?' . Judge 'said ; .' Piebaldsh won by. miles !'' George' Black. Dan Considine beat Spencer Watson by*3 to 1 in a scratch- pulling match at Broken Hill. ; * * * L: Spencer, ' Pyramids,' the former 'cham- pion, intends to challenge H. Rumball, the present amateur champion. * * * It is said that the hares at the ? abandoned Rooty Hill coursing meeting were so weak from starvation that terriers could run down and kill them. * * * A. E. Stoddart scored 221 playing for Middle sex v. Somersetshire in a benefit given at Lord's to J. T. Hearne and then allowed himself to be stumped. ijc sfc Tom Hay ward, the graceful Surrey bat who came to Australia with Maclaren's team, has already made 1000 runs this season in first-class English cricket. \+ * * Lucknow, the Mudgee horse who has won so often of late, was recently driven in a buggy by a Rylstone clergyman. His owner has refused 200 guineas for him. The Auckland Race Club's Grand National Hurdle Race was won by L. Harris1 Cavalier by Currasier-Clio with 10st. up. Time for two miles — 3min. 59£sec. * * * The Prince of Wales' Derby winner Diamond Jubilee is own brother to Persimmon, with whom he won two years ago. The coup is reminiscent of Forrester's Gaulus and Grafter double. * * .* Joe Thompson, they say, declined to lay much against Syerla, but had £10,000 against The Grafter. ' Bob Sutton ' Sevier won, it is said, over £20,000, but it is supposed that most of this sum was for a friend. * * * Tradition, who waB sold for 3050 guineas on the day that Wallace bought Carbine for 3000 guineas, is dead. Prior to the sale, he was placed i» both Caulfield and Melbourne Cups, but he never got a situation after. . * * * Harry Trott has been discharged from Yarra Band completely cured. He returns to work at the Post Office, it is said, and if so no doubt his pension will be cancelled. Trott has had a fair warning, and will we trust keep off it in future. * * # The Manchester Cup, a handicap which adds £2500 to a sweepstake of 25sovs. each, was won by the Oaks' winner La Roche, the Duke of Portland's, from Joe Chamberlain, owned, by T. C. Dyer. Old Clo, the Australian mare,; waB not plaoed. Gentleman Jack McGowan, of Victoria, may meet Cocker Tweedie again should tbe latter beat Barre in their forthcoming fight. * * * Weiss, who used to be tbe Glen Innes boy, gave S. Woods, the Wyalong boy, 900 in 1500, spot and push barred, and -Wtin by 250 points. * * * Mr. Donald Macintosh, the great Victorian pigeon-shot, has divided, a sweepstakes of £195 at Hurlingham, besides winning the gold medal. * * * T. R. McKibbin, once the champion bowler of New South Wales, has gone to South Africa to try his luck. Tom is a solicitor as well as a cricketer. * * * Donald Mackintosh, the Victorian pigeon shot, has won the Grand Prix at Paris. He recently ran up to Count O'Brien at Monte Carlo for the Continental championship. * * * Last Saturday at Newcastle, P. McCarthy's America (Australian Peer-Miss Thirza) won the Cup with 8.2 from First Consul, 7.0, and Moama, 7.12. Time for 1J mile and 60yds, 2 min. lS^sec. * * # 'Wanderer,' a Paddington markerfwho is on 230 points, is likely to win Smith and Heiron's handicap. Ho beat young Dick Brandon, and made almost in succession breaks of 71, 36, and 31\. . jJ- * In a pigeon match at 100 birds for £100 a side, A. W. Eales, of Duckenfield beat champion Chas. Massy, of Yass, with 92 birds to 89. Massy wants another go. Next time the cham pionship will hang to it. * * * Otto Cribb says he is tired of Herb McKell's paper talk, and will fight him 20 rounds in Sydney at the club which gives the biggest purse — 80 per cent, to the winner and 20 to the loser — a fortnight after the Sturgeon matck, win or lose. Fair enough. * * # At Brisbane, last Saturday, Nevermore (Loshiel Athene) won the double — for Sydney — Tatter- sall's Handicap and the Nudgee Handicap — carrying 8st in the first race and 9st, with a 101b. penalty, in the second. . * * * At the Flemington, Melbourne, Hunt Club races of last Saturday, Snowden, by Brisbane Snowden mare, won the Steeple, carrying 11.10, and the Oakleigh Handicap was won by Estuary (Escutcheon-Streamlet), carrying 6.7. * * * Merman and Maluma are 'both as cltan on their legs as the day they were landed in Eng land. Uniform's forelegs give trouble. Oban and Survivor have both disgraced Lochiel, an honest horse, by always cutting it in public. * * * Mungla Hippi died at Wirr&billa; the other day aged about 50. Mungla was a Barwon blaokfellow, who stood over 6 feet, was power fully built, and was so good with his hands as to -have been scarcely ever defeated by a white and niBver by a nigger. # * * ' J. T. McKay, of Murrayville, beat E. Hecken berg, of Liverpool — winner at the last Agri cultural Show — by 5 seconds in the champion chop at the Maclean Highland Gathering, and annexed the gold medal, Heckenberg's Btake of £20, and a prize of £15. * * * The ; London Referee says that in dash, dainty manipulation, knowledge of the game, ability to bring itinto practical effect and general conception of .the highest standard of billiards, Stevenson soared above his rival ; but experience, great nerve, and remarkable will power have been Dawson's sheet anchors. * * * Massa Singh, the Sikh wrestler, showed that he was not after all so sick by easily defeating Abe Pickup in a Grieco-Roman wrestling match at Coolgardie. Pickup was on the defensive all the time with his mnch taller and stronger opponent. The first bout lasted 5 minutes and the second 10. * 1 * * At Stawell the other day, W. McManus, of Cootamundra, won the 130yds. Sheffield Handi cap off 3yds., practically scratch, in 12|secs., from McDonald and Greenwood, of Stawell; also ran second in the 100yds. from scratch to J. McDonald, of Stawell, 6yds. ; also won the 440yd8. handicap off 6yds. , practically scratch, in 49sec. ; also covered 48 ft. 2in. in the hop, step, and jump— the hop measuring 19ft. 6in. * * * Sir R. C. Baker writes thus from South Australia concerning the totalisator : — ' That the totalisator has been ah unqualified and mag nificent success in South Australia from every point of view is incontestable. It has purified the turf from its worst elements, enabled the clubs to expend large sums of money in grand stands, training and racing tracks, and con veniences for members and public, to gradually but surely increase the stakes given, to diminish the percentage on the sums paid by the owners as entrance and acceptance fees, to foster and encourage every legitimate and honest sport, and to eradicate welching and to suppress an undue indulgence in betting and wageiing. It has also diminished crimes and offences.' # * * A dog gave Nener, a Liverpool (Eng.) ped, 30 yards in 100 the other day and beat him by a foot in even time. Some years ago, a Sheffield Handicap winner took 80yds in 200 from a dog on a Yorkshire turnpike road for a very large Btake, and was beaten by inches in the mar vellous time of ll^sec. Harry Hutchens once beat a pony who raced without carrying a jockey, and the writer,, remembers seeing a Scotch amateur who was champion of Great Britain beaten by a mare over a 100yds course — 50yds out, round a post and return — on the Mussel burgh course, near Edinburgh. 