.:' ; Melbourne Sporting Notés. 7 . i (From Our Own Correspondent.) I , . . .. "Monday. . -Thè past week has been a fairly busy one for | racegoers with. )rheetings at . Sandown, Epsom, ' and Moonee Valley.;? and intercolonlal'visitors can- j not complain of a .scarcity of sport with three ; race gatherings in-one week, even if they be, comparatively speaking, of the small fish order after the Caulfield campaign. . Sandown Park generally draws a good attend 1 ance, and last Tuesday was no exception to the , rule. Visitors were rewarded with some very fair racing, and at the olose of the day honors must have ' been fairly even between "the ring men and backers. The Trial Handicap gave the former a fair start, as the Ballarat horse Starl ing was only moderately backed, while the fa vorite Kruger eould not get a place, and Leth bridge, the next in favor, did no better. The finish Was a'rather good one, and though Starling had a neck to spare of Kola, the latter might have reversed positions with a cléarer rtín. Per haps there is no more unlucky horse running Just now than Missing Link* He is one of the sort who on looks should do good things, and he has some creditable country performances; but as far as I remember bas never yet won a race in the metropolitan district. In the jumpers' Flat Race he made the running for the greater part ¡ of the journey, but was again beaten in the. last" , hundred yards by Detonator, who waa only, moderately well backed, Orient and Satisfaction, . . both.equal favorites, failing to get a place be- ; tween them.- The up-country märe-Brown Rib- i bon; who as far as I know has only run three | times on .j metropolitan' courses, -and won each time, again "proved her quality in the Sandown Park Handicap,'for which she started a 2 to 1 favorite. Hoysted kept her in a handy place throughout, and at the distance she simply smo thered Lygon and The Hypnotist. Liberty has shown very erratic form at Sandown, and in the Suburban Handicap he had no difficulty in beat ing Ariadne and Stellene. Sweet Rose started \favorite, but Malva bumped her hard during the running, and she nearly came down. The mat- , ter was subsequently inquired into by the stew ards, but the evidence was of such a conflicting nature that they could do nothing. Though Steersman was served up very warm for . the Steeple, his Weight kept him back, and Bucking ham, with only 9st 41b in the shape of W. Dou glas on board, virtually won from end to end. Despite his excellent run in the Trial Handi cap, Kola appeared to be overlooked by back ers for the "Welter Handicap, for which, the smart Jadoo started first favorite, while' fives were obtainable about Kola. The latter, how ever, never gave anything a show over the last furlong, Jersey being the only'one to get near him at the finish. Though the . weather was not parti cularly pleasant there was another good, muster "at Epsom on Thursday. Punters never theless could not have had a very happy time, as only a couple of favorites- got home during -the day, and their prices were-sb short that the bags were not materially lightened thereby. The . ringmeñ found a particularly good friend in the Trial Handicap, in which Martin, Wigmore, and Malvada earried the most public money. Inqui sitive; .however, who was virtually unbacked, .beat-Wigmore home by a couple of lengths. GamV .bil .was. amongst the runners, and as the stewards were not satisfied with his running they asked some .questions of his owner, E. Kelly, and Calli nan, his jockey. . It. is understood that the ex planation offered was that the horse suffered from gumboils. Then the soft- hearted stewards shook their heads, and warned the owner, and trainer that such things should not take-place under their virtuous regime. It "is not known whether they' looked in the horse's,mouth, or.wlshed to -know why he was racing if- not in a condition to do so. Gambll-gamble-and gumboil represent a rather, neat alliterative combination. The well námed. Miner, by Goldreef- Coolgardie, promises to become a useful candidate for. jumping honors, as he had no difficulty in beating Turk and De tonator (the favorite) in the Hurdle Race, and as he was a. rank outsider the pencillers again seor-' ed. Jadoo made up for her Sandown failure in the Epsom Welter . Plate, for which Surprise and Harpist ' were. the most fancied by the public, though Jadoo was very well supported. Harpist was a good second, and Dumbbell' ran into' third place. . His friends made no mistake about" old Trent in the Jumpers' Flat Race. The gelding appears to be recovering something of his old form, and though he started at a very short price he had nor;difficulty in beating the almost as hea vily backed Wisdom. " It seems a pity that this old fellow ls a gelding, as by Trent out of Su matra he represents a combination of blood that I would choose amongst the very first 'lines if about to form a stud. Réscued, who .has run!1 very well recen tly> but without any definite success, just managed to beat the favorite Bolandos' oti the post for the Epsom Welter Purse; and as the winner was not-"mentioned in the betting the bookmakers had another good "throw in." The presence of Cornquist in the Mordialloc Handicap almost paralysed wagering for that event, and despite the presence of Skip per, Landscape, and others, he faced the barrier an even-money favorite. However, Abercorn's son is in good nick just : now, and, despite his 9st 41b, he had : no. difficulty in easily C feating the once promising' Malton and the speedy Skip per. % I doubt if there was ever a larger' crowd at Moonee Valley than' on Saturday at the Cup gathering. Though rain fell during the morn ing, the afternoon was a perfect one, and the go ing was in good order. The Hurdle Race brought out a. very fair field. Clamorous being the public fancy; but Borderer carried a lot of -money, while Chorister and Turk were not by any means neglected. The favorite spoilt' his chances by blundering badly at the stand hurdle; and TurK had no difficulty in. beating Chorister up - the straight, with Borderer' a bad third. ' Earl Rose bery was.amongst the starters; but he showed his dislike for the game by running off after going a few furlongs. The youngsters who colored for the St. Albans Handicap were only a moderate lot, and there was nothing to choose in point' of favoritism between Certitude and J.R. Though they finished as mentioned, the latter should have won,.as his rider appeared to be caught napping, and he was beaten on the.post by a'head. A big field faced the barrier for the Ngarveno Handi cap,- a five-furlong flutter, in which Dozoi. was asked to carry top weight (9st). Skylark was roade'.favorite,. though Duke of Xork carried near ly as much money. The former proved again that he is very slippery over such a distance, a even Keyless,, who finished'second, had no chane with .him at any period of the running,; the Bal larat horse leading the field from barrier rise t judge's box. . When Ingliston was scratched 4o the Moonee Valley Cup it was but natural tha i Clean Sweep, on his Caulfield running, ehoUl j start a hot favorite, and nothing better than 6 t ? 4 was obtainable at the finish. Argo, howevei haa a lot of friends, and most of the others car ried modest investments. As a matter of facl nothing ever had the ghost ot a show With Cleaj Sweep, and he made all the running, as at Caul field, and cut out the distance in exactly th same time (2min 23%sec). He could, doubtless have knocked off a second or two had he beei really pushed. He is engaged in the Melbourn! Cup at 7st, and .has not to put up a penalty, don't know, however, whether he is a two-mlli horse, though bis form so far suggests staying powers. Billy L. did backers a good turu ii "the Steeplechase, where he was served by bli good jumping; but they received a nasty knbel in the Phoenix Handicap, for' which the speedy Keyless started a E to 2 favorite. The Australlai Peer , colt. Acumen,n about whom 12's were ob tamable at barrier rise, never left the Issue ii doubt over the 'last furlong. He is certaiblj no slouch, and should be capable of much bette] things in the future. With Hautboy scratched for all engagements, and Finland under a cloud, it looks as though thc i V.R.G. Derby wil really oe à match between Ma'.< ster< and Ringlike. Had Finland kept well, 3 should have favored his chances before any pf (he others, but, under the circumstances, must. pin , my faith to Maistelr, who is. doing as well on the .tracks, as his best friends could wish. I One feels somewhat handicapped in reviewing the chances of tne Cup candidates more than a week in advance of the race. The three top weights-La Carabine, Tarquin, and Merriwee all look very promising, but of the trio I prefer the game little chestnut mare's prospects, as we have seen what she can do at the end of two nares, even . with a big weight up. George Frederick, though trained privately, is reported to be doing well, and whatever beats him should about win. I'm doubtful whether that beautiful mare, Mora, can quite see the journey through, though her condition is better than I have ever before seen it. Severity has done sterling work, and must run a great horse. Malster does not appear to have done a Cup preparation, and War God is too uncertain to recommend, but "Lancaster has satis factorily answered every question asked of him. Kingllke's chances-must not be overlooked; and Allx, though so erratic, may furnish a big surprise, while, If started, Ben Bolt may prove the most dangerous of the outsiders, as he can gallop, and Flemington going should suit his rather ungainly stride. Perhaps the race is more open than the majority of its predecessors, but I will stick to my early fancies in George Frederick or Severity to supply the winner, while Kinglike, La Cara bine, or Lancaster should fill the other,.places bs tween-tbem. The Influenza appears to have fairly broken up Hickenbotham's stable. The New Zealand Sea horse, whose scratching last week caused 'so much regret, has been, sent to Kendall's veterin ary infirmary, and aa Finland has fallen a victim to the same complaint, Hickenbotham has remov ed the remainder of his string to the stables of j Mt R. M'Kentta» ia the hope that they may es 1 cape the epidemic. (Finland has since been scratched for all engagements.) It appears that Ingliston was gelded only seven months ago. That good old mare Disfigured is to be sent to the stud. She, it 'is understood, is to be mated with Havoc. ' " ~ - As it was found impossible td get Seahorse in anything like condition in time for the Melbourn« Cup, his . owner, was reluctantly compel'ed - "to scratch him on Friday. Major George is cer tainly to be sympathised with over his bad luck. H. Bellamy has decided to turn .First Blood out for a time, ks the colt is growing fast; Utah, who was galloped on at Moonee Valley ^recently, has been turned out for a spell; and Pat, the old Grand National Hurdle Race winner, is being given a rest" having developed lameness. The once promising Man of Honor has been again taken in hand by Redfearn; and L. Grif fiths has put Town Clock into work again. I The Leader appears to have hurt himself when he fell in the Mona Nursery Handicap, and has j to be kept In his box. I C. Carter" has taken charge of A thara; while Dutch Admiral has; joined J. Griffin's string. Henceforth that useful hurdleracer Accumulator will race in C. Glasscock's colors. Mr. A. F. Bradshaw having sold him to the Flemington trainer. Out Caulfield way Lancaster is doing a very sound Cup preparation; Foulsham is not sparing him, and he shows not the least sign of lameness now. If track work counts, he must have a big say in the great Flemington event. I Gauleon is not pleasing; however, by the way " he shapes; but Mora, may give her frierá good run for their money, though, since the Caulfield Cup was decided, she bas not been asked to under- j take any very severe tasks. Gunga Din is doing exceptionally well, and he should pay his way before returning home. When in good nick this gent, is evidently no duffer. If Sagacity could stay proportionately as well as he can gallop, Foulsham could win in any race in Australia -with him. He ought, if in condition, to be heard, of when the next New I market Handicap is being run. Fleet Admiral bled at the nose again after run ning in the Caulfield Cup. Probably some day j we shall hear of him dropping dead in a race, if he is not retired to the stud. j Nothing is . doing better on the Flemington I tracks than War God, and La Carabine appears very nearly as well as hands can make her. i Before returning home to Queenscliff, both Mer ' riwee and Alix did two or three capital mile and a half gallops. The former seems to be in much better heart than, at any other time since last spring: -While if Allx would only run up to track form she would make the smartest of competi tors move. Severity still pleases with his gallops at Fleing ingtoh, though so far he has not-often been-asked to go beyond the mile and' â quarter, which, after all, is not real Melbourne Cup work; The latest arrival at headquarters from Sydney is W. Brennan, who is accompanied by the Cup horse, Blue Metal, and the youngstara Nyiuagóo and Rockleigh. The hunter Sunlight, 'who has some good per formances.'to, his credit, has been purchased by" ... . v : the Messrs. Manifold, and ls now under the cara ' of H. Harrison, their private trainer. Rr. Phillips/ the bookmaker ha$ purchased the - , good country and suburban performer Brows Ribbon, and she will probably accompany. Tar quin and company to West Australia at the end ?'. , of the present campaign. ' ,' Town Clock has Dèen put Into work again at Caulfield. Cooper, who rode-Ampler in the Epsom Hand!- . , cap, and Ingliston, in the Caulfield Cup, will have the mount on Kaaba in the Melbourne Cup. - At the ^Victorian Club on Oct. 26, the doubles. Kinglike and Tarquin, and Malster abd Tarquin, were backed for ail the money in the market, about 6000 being secured about each. War God " was the medium of most- speculation straight out, and after 7000 had been secured Mr. Forrester's horse hardened to 100 to 7, while, Lancaster went back to 9 to 1. About Mora 3000 to 150 waa, ac- ' cepted, with plenty more on offer at that price. The Sydney jockey W. Evans appears to be do- v ing well among the* ponies in Melbourne. At Ascot Vale On Monday he rode an outsider to victory, and was just ^beaten in a race later in the day. The connections of Sweet Rose's stable-are not satisfied with the decision of the Sandown Park stewards, who had a meeting regard ing alleged foul riding in the Suburban Han dicap, won by liberty, and resolved to take no action. In view of the fact that cohsiderable;evi dence in addition to what was taken at the in qbiry is said to be available, the parties interest ed intend to ask that the case be re-Opened. 