OUR LONDON LETTER. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, April 6, 1900. IT does indeed seem waste of material for that best of men, the Duke of Nor- <*> folk, to quit the office of Postmaster-Gene- <*> ral , where he is invaluable, and go to i.v, iviiere lie as luvaiuuuiii, ar.d go to fiuutli Africa to lie "sTiiiicd" liy loathly lioeis. You n-ill i-emember the <iukc"= heir, Lord Arundel and Surrey, is a hope less imbecile, and should liis. present grate die before liini guardians ivould have the liamiling of the stupendous Howard pro perties for his lifetime. Cardinal Vaughan must have approved the duke's expedition, for "tia announced that bis grace took his sword to the private chapel at Areh birthoj>\s House, M-here, according lo an j ancient rite, ie ivas solemnly blefsed he- I lore the ahar by his eminence, and the j kneeling soldier of fortune enjoined in the formulary to accept no greater reward for his services than is justly due. Of the Duke's esceilent vrork at St. liar tin's le CJrand, one who can bpeak -nieh authority, *ays: —"Probably no Post master-iGeneral of recent years had com manded greater confidence, sjTmfjarhy, aixi —one might, say—affection. From tiie lowest grade of the service to the principal secretaries he Ptood in tiie greatest esteem. High rank, and in the duke's case as Earl- Marshal of England, it was of the very higheat, usually smrrouuds a man with an artificial atmosphere, ivlvich makes it ex ceedingly difficult for him to place himsilf on an equality with his social mi'eriors; but w-'uh rire duke this d'ifncalty was rrtarecly ai)ixarenil,-as his en deavor was at all times to nddre* his FLb ordinates, trot iv any spirit of ccmdetceii sion, J>ut in a manner which brou^it nien of lvidely different stations in. Ufc into fellow-fesHng at once. l'robaroly no Post master-General was ever more accessible xo tlhe oi-ddnarjr sorter or letter-carrier. Grievances must arise in a great Etaff ivMch cannot be dealt with ui?n routine lines, and is -n^as the dnke's habit to re ceive, frarildy and freelj', every deputation which vraifted upon tim from the working staff, 'to hear their compJuints j/atiently, and if possible to redness them. Of course, with such a, large army of men, occaaon£ arise ?nhen in jusfcice to tihe conntrj-, a direct rnle of conduct must be laid down, and discipline maintained at the cost even of personal suffering; but, although. t3ie dulce imagined that viiiit ire was doing in secret was unknown to <fche" world, it ss, neverbhoieas, known tiha? where as Fost matTter-Gencral he had to exerdee mea sures of severity wiioh rtecessaixly reco?ed in tfieir effects upon 'the wife of the offend ing servant, he would, in his private capa city, go to the woman and meliere liex ne cebisrtaes atnn his piivaite puree." PLAGCE AM) PHILAIHJCB. Wien materfanriiias leajpne fnai 4ihe noise Jess and pieasrng pastime of etaruTi collecting which -has hi&erto; kept her Jack and Tummy gratefaDy qniet for brief inter vals, is in reality .the nmek of a hideous plague, I fear there will be "trailing and gnashing of teeti in, many a haspy house hold. The autfcoritv for it&e; distressing discoverj- is the''?liritidi Medical Jour nal," ttbich obtains its iniformoition from a French scientist. This person, whose name has not so far been immortalised, warns philatelists ihat their .amusement is (?Kst, boys, listen) "*a active djaseminator of disease." It seems 4ha<t wben Hie sender of a letter licks &c; postage stamp witii a miorobic tongue, ifoe bac&us; re maimj seamed to tie emeiope <mtii 41he gum. Should the letter go to a nonK?Hector the micivobe disappears in tame sifely into tihe iire, but slnndd a collector get it and moisten off tflie (Stamp, the deadly germ is let loose. In proof of tilis, oar Parisian professor announces that a number of se lected guinea pigs were carefiiHy inoculated triitta sterilised water in which postage stamps bad been soaked. "Ejev died of tuberculosis. So far no proven oase of podsoned phflniefets ihae <jrapped up, but "doubUes some have occurred, and been attributed rto ordiroaj- aflnnTite," or per dhance to the subtie end mysterious sausage, dear to bojiood's ieant. Bersom a?y I would bank tie average boy's diges tion to negotiating iharmleasly a royal col lection of postage stamps. DEATH <JF A POPOLAE SKGEE. Hie news of Ohaite God&ey;'s death will, I feair, occaision1 *ariafll surposse in. Ajds traiia, tSmugh las stay in the colonies did him a great deal of good, amd he per formed for some time alt 'Hie taUs after his return. During lie zenith of bis popn laxity in -London, Godfrey earned from £300 to £400 a week, but wdiait he made on -die *age disappeared in betting and similar pursuate. OSiougu quite unedu cated ajnd iTEJcnLturod, 3i£ had t£he hetirt of an artist, and managed to put real feeling into many of fros sketches. He -was also facile prinoepe aJt drinking songs. Be fore long Godfrey will be forgotten, but ages hence the larrikin of tihe period will warble ids delectable "Hi-tkidiey-hi-ti-hi." What it means, I don't know, save that when "genulemen in a certain class takes too much he says ne'e "a bit tiddley." But you don't want sense, or mftaane, fan.- a song wmvl; araytJhiffig will do, providing the tune is catdhy. And Godfrey's was. It caught one at the most maiapropos mr> merits, in churcii, or ait a funeral, or n wedding, and it refused to depart. God frey sang it towards <£he ?nd of the even ing alt tie Pavilion or Oxford, witfli tre mendous" spirit, and to hear a Saturday night audience join in was something tc remember. TOLD M CHANCERY. "Enoeih Arden, with variations,"' would be a good description of i3ie queer story told an t!be Laveiiiooil Obance^- Court ths other day, wben application was made for directions as to costs in 'the matter of Johnston and Others v. Pool and Otiiers. la 1889 it appears liiat Mr. Joseph Jones, whose ?hdef business an life appears to have been takmg trips to America, went 4x> Vancouver, leaving Mrs. Jones at tbome, and from 41ha? time nothing more was heard of him. Seven long yeacs Mis. Jones endured the discomforts of grass widow hood, aggravated by lire uncertainty whe ther tine should indidge in crape or not. Then deeming toeraelf really and truly en titled to wear weedd she formed another attachment. Before catering a second time into bonds matrimonial, she took the precaution of advertising extensively for JosejJh James. But Joseph either failed to see <tfhe advertisemente, or seeing them preierred to keeji his freedom. Anyhow, Mrs. Jones Jieard ooAing of or fnom him, ezrd Itf^ng fuHy peruuaded of her widow-' hood married Mr. Joseph Pool in 1596. In his appodnted time Josepb the second died, and eubsequenily hie amnt, Mrs. Ckaait, passed away. Under this lady's will £4,000 had been left to Mr. Pool, ier nephew, -iriah lie alternative that in the event of big destb the interest thereupon was to go to Mrs. PooJ, sris widow, for her life, lie im^tees of 3&s.; Grant's wiil, upon coming to deal witih 'tihe estate, de cided to make further enquiries with a view of obtaining proof <a the deaah of Mr. Jones, to wnich end -uaey adwertieed ertensively in America, offering a of £206. In- consequence of tihese adver tisements (there was no reward attaciied to Mrs. Jone?"s enouiries), Mr. Jones was found <to be sti? alive, and be was brought over to lliis country — a. discovery wdic'a, of course, reud-ered the marriage of Mrs. Jones witih Mr. Pool invaJid, aod destroyed her title to Mrs. Grant's legacy. The question before the court now was -whe ther Mrs. Jones's costs should came oat of tire estate. ? Tihe Vice-Chaaieeljor tlhougbt *hat Mrs. Jones had reasonable ground for be&evrog; herself to be 'tine widow of Joseph Jones be fore she quarried Mr. Pool, and (had acted with bona fides, and was (therefore ?mbitjed to her costs out of the estate. Order ac cordingly. THE LATE PROFESSOR PEPPER. "The death of Professor Pepper, which occurred at Leytonstone last week, re moves one who may rightly be regarded as the originator of the modern style of illusions. He was the creator some 33 years ago of the worid-famous "Pepper's Ghost," which for many years brought him fame and a large amount of money. Pepper was also closely identified with ano ther illusion, called the "'Sphinx's table." a three-legged affair, worked with mirrors, much in the same way as the '"ghost" busi ness, but by far the cleverest thing the professor did was the "Metempsychosis." Here the glass, instead of being stationary, was movable. Great care was taken to prevent the edges of the mirror from being seen. The great thing was to move the mirror across the stage and enable a fe male performer to take the place of the man, or vice versa. At the time the idea was considered extremely novel, and was undoubtedly effective. Later on Pepper went to Australia, and those whose memory runs back 20 years will remem ber that he posed as a rainmaker, his me thod being to fire shells skyward, in the hope that the concussion caused by their explosian would compel the clouds to dis gorge their mixture. While in Australia he was, I believe, for a !long time public analyst to the Mayor and Corporation of Brisbane. On his return to England he of ten figured as a lecturer, and being plenti fully endowed with "gift o' the gab," was usually well patronised. IRVIXC. .TL-N'IOK. Tliouph Henry Irving, junior (commonly called 11. ?. li-v-inj:), looks, uud ]>erliaps is a bit of a ].<*otl- ofi the stasre, he has pflen-ly of humor of Hie KiHonic order, and eao U"U a good story almost ;:* well as Ins iliusuiou? j^trent. Addrevtinp iSsat mys terious mealcr. the Playgoer.-' Club, last Sunday evening on die real and ideal actor,'lie said in Me coarse of an amusng iaper?jiia* riiere were four prime fallacies rl;si-t he 3?a3 found lo be constantly enter tnimrJ by intelligent- ladies .md txmiemxn with repaid to ilie work of the actor. First, that (lie was ?mrrcrundetl in the theatre by .a iarpe rftaff of intelligent and w?Knjr attendants, whose nightly <3irly it was lo drews him and make upiiis face for him; ?=econ'd, that in iiis performance he s]>oke .he authors words, or not, as he mifiht fancy; third, tliat during the run ot a niece he couM accept an inviwi fcion to dinner by merely mentioning to his manager Ills in-tewtion of absenting HmeSelf on that jiortieiriar evening, when his imderff-uidy would, as a. matlter of course, take his p'.;ice; and fourth, that the cveninpV performance invariably termi nated WtSi a debelitfu] supper, served in fbe green-room. to which ail the actors .in<l ;-,et't>?-es in the niece v.ere bidden. Though he hoped henceforward t-he St. James's Theatre would make a splendid effort to carry out ?this liappy ideal, not) one of these "delijihWul suppositions liad tire Icart foundation in fact. They were illusion.*, i>ut they explained Hie attrac tion? Tv'iic-h itoe rheattfe offered lo lazy, thoughtless, or indolent persons. A TENSION FOR SIMS BEEVES. Poor <?M.Sims Reeves, who taas been hdples- and iil for some time past, is to be allowed a pension of £100 a year from the Civil last in recosmdition of nis ominenoe as a singer. In tie past Mr. Reeves has often received this amount for warbling a couple of songs, but the old tenor's voice, like his money, has nil gone. Mr. Reeves's capacity for getting through cash, was even in bis palmiest day 6 amazing; in fact, !re lived' in chronic d-ifuculuies. and. 'his family, ft is said, added materially to them. 