CHAPTER LU. Nest morning I read in the paper that Paul Herschel did not get home with his " good things " at the Erisbane meeting ; hhs colt ran against a " snag " in thë;Dërby in an Ipswich, filly, and his. ?" moral" for the handicap didn't get a "drum," . , " - . . j Wc went for a ganter -one, morning, .after breakfast, .<@race liding" "' her favourite Ibay-jnare irom New Zealand by old 'Musket, a 'rare semblance of blood, bone and. beauty,-standing just sixteen bands high, and fit .to carry sixteen stone to the hounds. The way I she would take her fences was a treat to witness; no pecking at them when she catue to the obstacle ; but standing off a matter of sixteen or seventeen feet in her stride, and landing clear-over on the other side about the same distance ; and galloping still, never laying a- toe on thew; going" as straight as an arrow, with an occasional toes of her head, as if it were mere play aud she revelled in it; and when we pulled np after a three mile gallop orer the paddocks, she wasn't winded enough to blow a caudle out. Grace, her splendid figure showing to pei-fection, sitting her in style that would do credit to a circus rider, with a pair of hands whose touch was as light as a fairy's, and a nice held of her head, steadied her as she came to the leaps, with wrists like tempered steel. Our jaunt "WHS undertaken with the object of finding Mr. John- Utting, and prevailing on bim to visit the mine and give us" the benefit of his expert'opinion. On our way to his house we saw Herschel on his return from Brisbane! He per 'ceived us too, and ' apparently took no notice, of us. He'appeared almost dejected enough for my pityJ Things were evideutl^nofc going well with bira. "John Utting we found engrossed in his work.' writing a report on some " wild cat" claim which he had been engaged to inspect on behalf of a number of deluded shareholders; and judging from the manner he was dashing - off his opinions, I augured a scathing ^ con- demnation of the wily promoters. He was just the man to gibbet that class of the hawk family-gold couldn't buy him. We told him what we wanted, and he promised to come on the following Sun- day morniug before daybreak, and descend the " Last Ghance " shaft in company of Middleton and myself. On the Saturday the mining hands knocked off at midnight, and I strolled down by myself to the poppet heads watching the last 6bift coming out of the month of the shaft; and as thé last cage full of uieu'came up, the braceinan exchanged good night with thêta, casually remarking he wasn't sorry Sunday had come "round again. The : engine driver blew.oft* steam,and banked the fires and soon nfterwav<ds went away, leaving the. engine room in conipar- itive darkness with only, a small.light burning for the benefit of,;tbe night watchman. I was curious to see who it was on duty, and lingered about to get a glimpse at him. It must have been one o'clock when I was apprised of his approach by the low sound of conversation ; he was talking to some one in the shadow of the changing room. The moon wits shining brightly, but be was well in the shade, aud I put it down that he was haring a yara with one of the workmen in a snug corner out of the chill night wind. " All right," I heard him say, "your not likely to find anyone about at that time, and the-I could hear no ¡ more, and not wishing to be observed hanging about the place, I turned and walked home satisfied with haviug founcTout the man's name, and yet somewhat unsettled in my mind over -the words I had heard, I was just inSthat frame of mind to attach a mys- terious import to them, conscious that I was boiTnd upon a clandestine errand, and although the end might justify the means I was employing, they seemed mean enough in all conscience. I felt like a mau spying upon his own house- hold, and would be glad enough when it wnfe all »rei*'and done with and foi> gotten. - * : Middleton on my return-was fully dressed; we:having agreed, not togo io *bed that night, but remain content with a snooze on the sofa. When "I told him the-man's name who was on watch, he remarked slowly-"That's awkward be- cause that män is no friend of ours. He got his billet through Herschel's influence with the manager, and was 'always reckoned as one of his creatures." I mentioned the matter of his conver- sing with another person in the shade, to which. Middleton observed : " It may mean something or it may ineiin . noth-. ingrat all; bçt it do beat mehow every ¿bing is seeming to take an odd tan just now." . After some more remarks wo Toted it would be good policy . to get a little sleep, lind we set the alarm clock to awaken us at four o'clock, about the time we might expect Utting. I was lying half awake and half asleep when Middleton disturbed, me with a mild " hush," and whispered, " I must bejjuilty or nervous as a cat; but I'll swear 1 heard footsteps outside the window. I'll go and see." He stole softly to the door and looked out, buir-returned «one the wiser, and I closing my eyes again, mumbled by way of consolidation that it " most probably was my blackfellow who had get in the habit, of following me around like a ghost." ~ -Middleton troubled no further and the nest minute was snoring in his dreams. It was toy turn to be nervous now, and I could have sworn I heard a repetition of the footsteps which had disturbed my friend. I went to sleep and was awakened by a sound of gravel thrown against the window. Middleton jumprd up and going to the door re- turned with Utting, j " Well, gentlemen," our visitor said, ',s,5ye ave. as deeply 'mystenousas a baud -of conspirators; but when "villainy is sus- pected it is admissable to act prudently" J ; It 'waa''a 'cojd^morab^ig, ana before starting we bad a good drink of hot coffee; ' Middleton, remaining that it , would helens along on our way down the ladders. ''We've a bit of climbing .ahead of us. gentlemen. I can manage it, and Mr. Utting is used toit ; but, oh, to be sure, you've* been a sailor, Mr. Wyndham, und so we ought to be able bo get along all right. Well, ave you ready, gents ? 'Cause we may have to pick our way to avoid observations. Mums the word, and then if nothing comes of it, no harm will be done, and Mr. Mathews won't be making any addition to his sack list." {To be Contintied.) 