I WAR INCIDENTS. -0 (From Our Exchanges.) In an interesting message detailing the surrender of General Cronje, the Melbourne " Age" special correspondent at the front says about itfoe Boer forceî :-Their position, Indeed, seemed so hopeless, and further re- sistance could apparently only result in the costly and useless sacrifice of life, that they were summoned to surrender. Com- mander Cronje states now that he saw he had no other alternative, but, learning that the terms were unconditional, he subse- quently decided to continue the fight. Shil- ling and rifle fire were, therefore, resumed, and two 12-pounders of the Naval Brigade, iwhich came up at nightfall, also* joined In the attack, and continued to shell the bed of the river for nearly the whole of the night. The bavee dene munt have been .terrible, and the iprlsoncrs who carne in described the Boor camp as a veritable charnel 'house. Lord 'Roberts, who ihad ar- rived during ¿he'1 day, warmly addressed several of the Teglments, and was vigorously cheered. The end. however, was not yet, and all day on tihe Tuesday the artillery and rifle fire waa kept up at Intervals. The Naval Brigade, who had crossed the drift, throw lyddite and shrapnel into the bush along the river bed almost unceasingly. Many of the enemy sought lo escape under tho cover of the trees and t'he bush up the river bank, but were headed off by our division on that side. The scene of the last five days«' fighting (says the same writer) is cne of tho pret- tiest spots In. South Africa. The river where Cronje was ensconced, fighting for Ms 'life, resembles parti) of the Thames. Previous to t_e surrender, the ground all round the slopes to the river, aill the ¿'¡ghost ground, was covered with our ar- tillery. Cronje was faced In front and rear, on 'both bank3, by our men, while General French's herse were far in front and on the flanks, ¡preventing any sudden inrush of Boers. " Banjo" Patterson, writing 'to the " S. M. Herald" on the .relief of Kimberley, says: -We rest dn KLmibonley as a guaTd for the present. I am sending this by despatch runner. We are not allowed to send mur*h, but I may get a letter through. This town wau very nearly at its last gasp when we cairne. I saw 'Mr. Rhodes to-day. He Is very much, older-looking than one would Imagine from portraits. He is holding business together. The town must have surrendered but for Ihlm. This march was a most wonderful performance. We left the convoy and ali provision- and pushed on, as if wo had been defeated it would have meant annihilation. ¡Luckily the Boers ran away. I cannot learn what the VictorJoms or our infantry arc doing. The English Mounted Infantry were engaged on itho W11 where 'Captain lAntili and Lbe a__* í^»iai»ii_«jw__e_^JpiwJEjn£li3li troana. fc--.mmm- li '?? i -->»« had only just started moving. One man was carrying a saddle in the heavy sand ,, country. We said it way hard work. He «aid, " Yes, but It is much easier than riding." Another man was seated alongside a dead norso. Wo a3ked ihlm wchat he was walting for. He said an officer had Lold him to wait until tho hcrso got up. Tho horse had been dead for haM-an-hour. Wa took several prisoners in the fight at Klm bei ley. As an example of Boer veracity, the !oU_ lowing, which appeared in the London " Time3" cn 9th February, per Reuter's Agency, Is interesting :-Modder River, !lrd February. On (he 2Gth ultimo the landdrost of New Blshoff, Barkly West, read pub- licly a telegram which he announced that he had just received, and which was as fol- lows :-" Lord 'Roberts is a prisoner, and General Buller has been killed. Nino thousand British harvo been ¡tilled, aind 7000 arc prisoners. Tho British also lost forty olgh't guns last Saturday." Mr. Charles Arnold, the well-known actor, who has boon lu South Africa for some months past (sajs tho Melbourne "Age"), has wilttcn a letter to his manager in Aus- tralia. Mr. L. J. il/)hr, describing the wild scenes of excitement that weie presented in 'Capetown when the news of the relief of Kimberley was received -" Crowds rushed thiough the streets singing 'Rule, Biltan nla'; bunting appeared on nearly every building ; every cabby tied a Union Jack to his whip ; 'mon «rapped themselves In bunt- ing wore red, white, and nlue ties and rosettes. The ciowds rushed along, cheer- ing In front of every public 'building, and hooting In front of the 'Dutch newspaper offices. All this comes as a great relief after the gloom of the past month. Evéiy one you rnieet wears a smile-no, not every- one ; there are those in evidence who have been ' boarlng the market'; others-the Dutch-who don't like the British victory. It Is easy to distinguish them in tho crowd. I am now wiring Kimberley, to try and arrange for my company to play there next week. If I can ^get through I shall com- bine business with pleasure, and take seve- ral truckloads of fruit with mo to distribute on tho way. (My ' Fruit Fund for th« Troops' has reached £440 In. ,two weeks, and I am sending two to four tons of 'grapes per day to the troops at the front. I am not forgetting the Australians and New Zea- ' landers ; I am sending a couple of tons per week 'to them. I am told they were In the relief of Kimberley. I trust they got through without heavy los3. We are sailing for 'Australia in the Damascus on the 8tfi March." ?Private Slatter, of the VMR, wrote to his relatives in Victoria on 15th February, from the Durham Ox district, describing the three days' fighting near Rensburg, and remarks that it was ehnmeful to see tho Boers ipounco on to a wounded man, and loot ihis pockets. Another incident, which shtowed the artfulness of a Victorian, waa that In which Private Elm, wounded and a prisoner, drew the attention of his guard, to some object at a distance, and In hla absence crawled Into an ambulance waggon, and was thus carried into freedom again, 'On their arrival at Rcnsburg, one of tho first to 'greet the men was Coilonel Hoad, who staid that the stand they had made was one tot the gallant deedä In 'British history. He assured them that tho Boers did not get off sect free by any means, thoir men hav ng fallen fast on all sides. Private Slatter concludes : It was a sad roll-call this even- ing. All my group are gone now. Wo have only seventy-five men loft of thî V.M.K. _ 