SKETCH Sit HAUNTED CHURCHES. We who live at the cloBe of this nine teenth century oan hardly think it possible that the strange stories of ghost-haunted churches were once firmlv believed. Happily for the peaoe of the regular churchgoer there are but f 6W churches in Great Britain which have the reputation of being the home of spirits, and even those that are haunted do not appear to suffer materially by reason of their being so as sociated. The beautiful Devonshire chnroh of Ottery I Sfc Mary (which may be said to be Exeter Cathedral in miniature — so muoh does it resemble it) contains, inter alia, several monnmonts. One is erected to the memory of John Coke, of Thorne, who died in 1682, and represents an armed soldier habited in half- armour, with trunk hose and Jack boots. HiB left hand grasps the hilt of sword, whilst his right holds a baton. It is believed he was murdered for mer cenary motives by a younger brother. We are told that beoanse of the injustice done him, his spirit cannot rest," and his statue therefore steps down from its niohe at night and stalks through the silent ohurch. Adjacent to the ohurch at Tamerton Foliott is the old Coplestone Oak, beneath whose branches a member of the Coplestone family was murdered a number of years ago. Small wonder, then that it is said his restless spirit haunts the qniet churchyard — apparently seeking comfort in reading the tombstones of thoBe who were privileged to die in the ordinary course oi events. Perhaps the best known of these haunted buildings in Scotland is the 4Auld Alloway Kirk' of Ayr. Tradition says that a farmer on his way home from Ayr one market night saw the place was lighted up, and on look ing in at the window he beheld the Devil, with a number ox old women dancing aronnd him, One he reoognised and shouted , 4 Weel, luppan Maggie, wi the short sark !' Resenting this interruption, the Evil One and his companions gave ohase to the frightened farmer, who made all haste for the bridge oi Doon, and orossed the stream by the merest ohanoe, in time to escape capture by the Devil. Burns perpetuates the legend in his famous 4 Tarn o' Sh&nter.;' His Satanic Majesty is again responsible for the spirits haunting the ohuroh of Widdecombe-in-the-Moor, on Dartmoor. The edifice was, on Sunday, October 21, 1638, struck by lightning and severely damaged. Four persona were killed and sixty-two injured. The Devil is said to have caused this thunderstorm, and he is positively known (according to tradition) to have attended at Widdeoombe personally on that day in the guise of a horseman. It is asserted that the spirit forms oi the fonr people killed have since walked the ohurch at nightfall, and the prevailing belief among the moormen is that they will do so until the Last Day. The old church of St. Mary, at Berry- Pomeroy, seems to make far too good a pic ture for a haunted building. Nevertheless, if we credit the history of - an early occupier of Berry-Pomeroy Castle, adjacent, and her association with the obnroh, we find snoh is the oase. Tradition again tells us how the daughter of a former lord of the castle mur dered her child there, and that in death she apparently passes part of her time at the scene of the tragedy, and the remainder at the grave of her dead ohild, whioh was buried in the ohurch. Her apparition, it is said, has appeared on several occasions to independent persons, iand the faots made a very strange sfory ; but as it has not been seen for nearly a century, it is to be hoped her troubled spirit haB at last fonnd solaoa. The old ohurohyard of Kelvedon, Essex, also has its ghost, for a legend runs that a local miller — 4 the only honest miller in the county '—was so poor that he was unable to pay his way. This preyed npon his mind so mnob that he committed suioido by hanging himBelf from a tree there, and further, he is frequently noticed — by those qualified to see snoh sights— hovering around the ohnroh- yard with a halter aronnd his neck and his tongue hanging cut. 