1 THE LADIES PAGE. CHATTER. I chattcr, cliatter as I go.-Tennyson. THE COMPLIMENTS OF TriE SEASON. A merry Christmas-a happy Christinas -a tranquil 'Christmas What t-'haJl 1 wish you? What would Father Christmas bring you if letters could reach him now as they did some times in t'lie long ago days when we used to hang up our stockings- always pro vided, thut ome did not post thein one's self, which precaution, strange to say, was not as satisfactory in its results "as might have been expected. Presents? I wish you heaps of presents, then, all the treasures you most long for, bui tiiat is not all, surely. Measure? Way it all go off well-your own giving, especially-muy all you have chosen be clio.sem well, and your letters and words give real happiness to all you send tiiem .May your lace be blight, and your heart be Jigh:, and your thoughts kind, so shall you give plea-sure-and in giving have. A happy home Christmas? May the temper of the cook be angelic (a kindly word, and some little consideration in the lightening of work wU.li help to wards this-it is also well to watch your pwn 'tenip'c-r, for fret amd Hurry are catch ing); may :ihe dinner be done to a turn (to ensure this it is well to have t/lie stove well cleaned beforehand, to get the work well forward, and not attempt too much); may the whole family be predisposed to enjoy themselves. All 1 can suggest is that the young idea should be taught early not selfishly to dertiand pleasure as a right, but to enjoy to the full what comes to hand, sharing it round. It's just as easy to say "JN ice bath" as '"Did they wash liini, then, poo' itlie sing;" and the habit of mind induced may last for life-the "iioa' itie sing" is apt to grow up a blighted be ing-and I don't like blighted beings. They may get more consideration than brighter natures; but who would barter a happy soul for the whole world's pity? That every one should try to make every one else happy-not "trying to please," but "giving others pleasure" according to Bruinmond's wise distinction. That is the best recipe I know for a 'happy home Christmas. 1-lest-peace? May tiie memories of the time, however saddened, soften any hard thoughts to wards others. Never mind if they have been hard or cold or unfair; their eon sciences must answer for that. Think only that they "did not mean it, perhaps, or did not understand-forgive for the sake of the peace bringer. But you want forgiveness-it is for hard words said and kindnesses forgotten, it is for chances of helping lost, unseen, until too late. There is heartache then-and to spare. How do the lines go? I am not quite sure of the wording. "Ivook at my face-my name is 'Might have-been.' I am also called 'ltegret,' 'Too-late,' 'Farewell.' " May no such ghosts haunt you this Christmastide-or if they do, and those from whom you would fain crave pardon out of reach, think that, after all they -may have understood that the pain was only given clum sily, that they knew the real love that lay below, and let the pain of the regret be a reminder to leave no might-have-beens to haunt the future, but forgetting your own sorrow, try at every turn to help and bless, «o are ghosts laid, if you have cou jjujjcjy ; That is very hard-hard when others are gathering together, doubly hard when it is heart-loneliness and want of love, though friends are round, that is harder even than the loss of loved friends-but find some thing to love. If there is a. vacant chair, look back fearlessly, never mind the old un truth about "Sorrows crown of Borrow'' being remembering happy days. Look back into the past, and think of the happiest time you naye known, and "ive thanks for ! it - you will come back to tne present with clearer eyes, for right and wrong, and email worries will melt away, and then face the future bravely, trying in the meantime - it always comes to that-to help others. iSo you see, it is just goodwill that is wanted, goodwill towards all men, and the love that is the real Christ-mas ppirit. MAGPIE. 