THE ANGLICAN CHURCH. TO TIU5 EDITOR. Sir.— Tho discussion evoked by 'ino Bcries ot nrtlclco being contributed by "Angllcanus" 1s extremely interesting to thoso who talco any Interest 111 religious matters, and tlio true answer to tlio enso which Is attempted to bo inaclo out Is supplied by somo of your contributors, though in a way wlileh they do not Intend. "Angllcanus" blames tlio bishops and tlio clergy principally, anil otliern blamo certain parties in tlio Lliuicli. A careful perusal of tlio wliolo discuoslon con vinces nie that iho evil complained of Is due to two causes. In the first place, tho Church needs (as "Angllcanus" polnta out) a leader, not, how ever, such a one as "Angllcanus" rteolres, bu' 0110 of an entirely different stamp. The present leader docs tho best tlinn an lionet man can do under tho circumstances, and none will really succeed who Is not bravo enough to cast aside some of tho much-prised conditions of tho Church, and lo lay down a couroo of action which would undoubtedly causo a stir. I will refer again to tills matter when I havo dealt with tlio second causo of trouble, which to my mind Is In tho Church's conception of religion. Tho Church has been made a fetish, which Is unconsciously wor shipped by Its voLarics, and truo religion lias suffered accordingly. Common senso refused to bo duped by a slinm, nnd the people are waiting for a revival which will justify their adhesion to an institution which ought lo cryslalllso the highest Idea of religion, but which unfortunately does not do so. It Is Idlo to blamo tho clergy for Inactivity, or for departing from tho rubrics, and It is Idlo to blame tho laity for indifference. Blind adherence to a cut-aud-drle'd formula never yot mado a Christian, and until "tho Church" goto a truer conception of religion, and, having got it, acts up to It, its Influence on tho world will decrease. "Angllcanus" asks, "Is thoro no prido In tho Church of our fathers?" "Too much pride," many will answer, and that pride Is tho cause of a display which Is repulsive to common sense. The highest definition ot religion yet given to the world lo as follows: — "Pure religion and undoflled before our God and Father is this, to visit tho fatherless and widows In their afllic- llon, and to keep himself unspotted from tho jvcrld," Your Churchman would add, with that prido of which "Angllcanus" speaks, "according to the usages and under tho seal of tlio Church of England." A Christian has boon well defined no ono "who has tlio life of tho Son of God transfused into his spiritual veins, so that lila heart beats in tune with tho pulses of tho DIvino Will." Your Churchman would define a Chris tian as a member of tho Church of Englan'd. (Mombersblp of tho "Christian Social Union" Is cortlnod to mombors ot tho Church of England.) Number 19 of the Articles ot Religion (which "Fillus Eccleslao," although ho refers to them, would do woU to study afresh) reads; — "The visible Church of Christ Is a congregation of faithful men, In tho which the pure word ot God la preached, and tho Sacramento be duly ad ministered according to Christ's ordinance In all those things that of necessity are requlsito to the same." The eighteenth reads; — "They also are 'to bo had accursed that presume to say that every man shall be saved by tlie law or soot which ho profosseth, so that lio be diligent to frame Ills life according to that law and the light of Na ture." Your Churchman will tell , you thero Is no salvation outsldo tho Church ot England, and will oven go so far as to teach "tho Catholic Church (meaning the Church of England) Is tho homo of the Holy Ghost. It is his only earthly homo. . He does not make His liomo In any dis senting sect. Sometimes people quarrel with tho Church; and break away from her, and make llttlo sham Churches of their own. We call these people dissenters, and their sham Churches sects. Tho Holy Ghost docs not abide— (loos not dwell —with them. He goes and visits them, perhaps, hut only ns a stranger." (From "A Book for. tho Children of God," published by W. Knott, tho St. Alban's Bookshop.) In many confirmation classes a promiso Is exacted from the young pooplo that thoy Bliall never enter a Nonconformist placo of worship. Most people are familiar with tho story of tho Bishop who was asked to officiate at a society wedding in a WeBloyan Church, but who would not do so until he nnd a bevy of clergy had first "consecrated" the building. Such exhibitions as these drive common-senso men, out of the Churoh, and effec tually close tlie pockets which "Angllcanus" has his eye upon. "Tbo Church" needs to learn that the hour has come, "whon neither In this mountain nor in Jerusalem shall yo worship tho Father." Thero is too much "party" and too little spirituality in the Church. "As an ex ample of the necessity laid on party zeal to seek honor from mon, the rivalry betwoen Church and Dissent In England to-day Is perhaps the best, for whare in Christendom is a higher estimate of the duty of love and humility llkoly to be found ? How great, for example, would be the grief, of all good Churchmen should they see social precedence accorded to the dissenting ministry rather than to the Church clergy, and how sincere would be tlio thanksgivings of tho rank and file of Dissent!" ("Pro Ckrlsto ot occlesln.") No wonder tho Anglican Church Is scoffed at by thoso outsldo her palo. "Angli canism, Imitating Romo, brings the embltterment of excluslvoness Into every parish. Ex-com munication Is the strongest weapon of the one; ostracism of tho other." Tho leader who will breathe lli Into tho dry hones ot the Anglican Church will bo ho who will show tho true spirit of Christ, who will not ropresant that spirit as narrow and uncharitable, who will represent Church shlbbolotbs as vain things, and who will glvo tho right hand of fellowship to all who bolievo In the Lord Jesus Christ and who do those good works wliloh "do spring out nocessarlly ot a true and lively faith," aud who will acknow ledge "that by them a lively faith may bo as evidently known as a tree discerned by the fruit" (12th article). The Anglican Church, lllto tho Church of Rome, Is the some yesterday, to day, and for over, and refusos to look forward as I well as backward. It is precluded from dcvolop- ' meut because It still lives In "the second year ; of the reign of King Edward the Sixth." In this controversy we hoar a great deal about Die Prayer Book, and many attribute tho present un- ' happy condition of the Church to the loxness of the clergy In not adhering strictly: to this book. ; "Stick to your Prayer Book," tho modern ! Churchman crlce. "Stick to your Prayer Book" was the cry ot the Bishops in 16G2 in obtaining a ' renewal ot the Act ot Uniformity. "When ever ! clergyman and ever schoolmaster refusing to ex press, by August 21, his unfeigned consont to ' everything contained in the Book ot Common Prayer,' was to bo precluded from holding a bene fice" (Gardiner). And so, on St. Bartholomew's . Day (strange things have happened on St. Bar tholomew's Day), nearly 2000 rectors and vicars, or about a fifth of tho English olergy, were driven from tholr parishes ns Nonconformists. . Tho rectors and vicars who were driven out wore 1 tho most learned and tho most active ot their I order. But tho expulsion of those men: was far ' more to the Church of England than tho loss of ! tholr Individual services. With tho expulsion all ; change, all efforts after reform, all national do- i volopment suddenly stopped. From that time to this tho Episcopal Church has boen un- ahlo to moot tho varying spiritual needs of its adherents by any modification of Its go vernment or Us worship. It stands nlono among all tho religious bodies of 'Western Christendom in Its failure through 200 years to devise a single now service of prnyor or of praise. (J. R. Green.) j It has failed to understand th.at "It Is not neces- ! eary that traditions and ceremonies be in all places one, aud uttorly like; for at all times, thoy | have been divers, and may bo changed according to tho diversities ot countries, times, and men's manners, so that nothing bo ordained against | God's Word." (Article 31.) And yet those Churchmen who do not seo th.o necessity for going through tho whole "form ot solemnisation of matrimony" before a congregation of young girls, who think the Baptismal servlco Bomowhat antiquated, who do not bellovo lu everlasting punishment (vldo tho second proposition of tho quidcuiiquo vult), to whom tho "Churching of Women" and tho "Comminution" sorviees are hardly suitable for publlo worship— lu short, those who think that "the varying spiritual needs ot Its adherents" aro not mot by the Book of i Common Prnyor, nre anathematised. Ono section of tho Church displayed hot Indignation because the Primate actually attended Iho centenary ser vices of tho London Missionary Society. The Church, actuated by Separatist lnstlnots, will "havo no dealings with" those outsldo her palo. Instead of endeavoring to regain Influence ovor them, she ostracises them. Tli.o spirit which nctuateil tho passing of the Coavcnliclo Act, tho Five Mile Acts, the Acts of Uniformity, and which drovo the Pilgrim Fathers out ot England, was shown moro tli.au 200 yours later by tho clergyman who, from his pulpit, referred to tho door ot a Dissenting Chnpol as tho gate of hell (seo Miss Betbam-Edwards' autobiography), aud by those who to-day dccluro it to bo wrong to enter n Dlssonting place ot worship. Even Dean Sponco lias to admit that "the bitter and cruel persecutions which followed the passing ot tlieso Acts (just referred to) had tho effect of wolding Into ono groat phalanx of Nonconformity sects such as tho Baptist, liidupondont, anil Presby terian, nearly us much opposed in doetrino and practice lo one another ns to the Ch.uroh ot Eng land, and henceforth, long after the Aots lu ques tion were repealed, these divided communions were more or less knit together in tholr dislike and opposition to the Church." It is of llttlo significance to fotish- worsh.lppcrs that Our Lord should luivo choson a despised Samaritan, a Dis senter from tho National Church ho It known, as revealing tlio truo spirit of religion, whllo tho self-satisfied Priest and tho Lovlto, members of the National Church, aro hold up to contempt. Even Iho Samaritan's ass (us a dlvino once point ed out), was more charitable than these. It Is nothing to certain Churchmen that 11 was to a Dissenter (tlio Samaritan woman) that Christ first revealed Illmself as the Messiah. (I must nut, however, forget Mr. 10. Lindsay-Thompson, whose condescension would Induce me to doff my hat were 1 a Presbyterian or a member of tho Salvation Army. Mr. Thompson, by tho way, does not say whether or not tho confosslonal is In full swing In St. Paul's, Burwood.) Finally, It Is pride and want of powor of adap tation which Is rulniur: tho Anglican Church. L- Tbls It Is which Is driving her members Into tho ranks of Nonconformity, or away from Church- lifo altogether. A llttlo Intellectual honesty would malco it possible for nil denominations to work as allies against tho evil of tho world, and would make it possiblo to build up an Australian Church (Trinitarian, not Unitarian) adapted to tho Australian democratic typo of character. Even politicians of different political creeds can fraternise, hut It Is rosorved to tho Church to evlnco a prido which is inimical to that spiritual growth and effectiveness which might bo hers. Tho leader, then, who will lift her will be he who will not ho afraid to risk even a rupture with tho Archbishop of Canterbury, who will say "Let us havo a Church of our own — an Australian Chureh, nnd let us compile a form of prayer jnoro suitable to the twentieth century." Ills courage will bo sustained by tbo conviction that the Cliurr.h has learned from her mistakes that she would not repeat tho blindness wlileh drove out tbo early Nonconformists, and which cut off Wes ley and the millions of his present-day followers. Ilallam, tho historian, writing of the religious troubles of tho time of Elizabeth, said; — "I am far from being convinced that it would not have been practicable, by receding a little from that uniformity which governors delight to prescribe, to have palliated in a. great measure. If not put an end for a tlmo to, the discontent that soon endangered tho new establishment. . . Thero wero but two lilies to bo takun; either to relax and modify tbo regulations wlileh gave offence, or to enforce a more punctual observation of tlicm. It seems to mo far moro probable that tho former courso would havo provented a great deal ot that mischief which tho second manifestly aggra vated." And I am satisfied that there Is suffi cient intellectual honesty among Anglicans to hall with delight such a leader as I refer to. and I am also satisfied that no severance front the mother Chureh need result, but the same connec tion may bo maintained as is maintained between Great Britain and licr colonies, notwithstanding that the latter have independent: Governments. Tho fact that recent statistics show that lu a hundred years the Established Church eroctcd in England and Wales only 766G new places ot wor ship, white tho Dissenters have erected 20,000; that while In the year 1800 tho Established Church raised £3,500,000, and the Dissenters only £300,000, tho year 1899 shows the tables turned, and the Dissenters raising £7,848,804, against £0,048,929 In tho Chureh; that while the communicants of the Established Church at homo, In tho United States, and in tho colonics, only number 4,000,000, the communicants of tho dissenting Churches In the same places number nearly 21,000,000, Is a sufficient justification for the suggestion that the Anglican Church does not meet tho splrlutal needs of tho people, and that therefore an ex tremely hold policy must bo inaugurated If she Is to lift up her head again. In the meantime slio should humble herself "undor the mighty hand thni Ua rrwixs ovnlt h/»T« In rlim Mmo."— Yours, etc., ZENAS, 