CENTRAL RAILWAY EX- I TENSION. , I A LETTER.'FROM' WINDORAH. .' ... TO .THE EDITOR. Sir,-The .. rapid cban'gc of ¡front of the Rockhampton Chamber of Commerce on the Biibject of its railway policy han fallen on the people of the Thompson, the residents here, and west from here, like a thunder* clap from a clear blue sky. We ' were occupied in framing resolutions thanking that chamber for ita past advocacy of the Daitmouth-Jundah extension, for having very properly given to It the pride of placo In the list of Us railway proposals, when lo ! without a moment's warning, we were apprised that that body had swallowed Its policy. .Inquiring for reasons, wo find the Rockhampton Chamber or Commerce stand- ing nakedly without the ghost of a reason for its somersault^ ' The Blackall people no doubt want their branch railway, and that there are roany and good reasons why they should get it is readily granted ; but Mr. Carkeek has certainly not shown us why thli* Blackall branch should be constructed at tho ex- pense of, or in preference to, the extension of the main trunk line-in fact, he has not addressed himself to this aspect of the question at all. The special commissioner of tho " Rock- hampton Bulletin" found, in his recent in- vestigations in the central West, that there was not an acre of good sheep country available for selection in the Mitchell dis- trict, and the fact Is that settlement is 170 miles ahead of the 'terminus. The Dart mouth-Jundah extension will give raliway communication to existing settlement, and open up a large area of good sheep land on the east and west sides of the Thompson, and put them Immediately under close settlement. Will the Jerloho-Blackall branch produce a similar amount! of .close settlement ? Mr. Carkeek urges on the Rockhampton people the fact that somo Blackall trade Is going to Brisbane ; but the trade of tho South-west corner Is being entirely lost to 'the colony, and South Aus- tralia reaps the entire benefit of It. That she considers It of some Importance may be Inferred from her determination to ex- tend her raliway right up to our border before the advont of federation. Railway proposals to this effect are now being con- sidered by her Parliament, I believe. Trade from Windorah and Canterbury ¿still re- mains in Queensland ; but west from the latter place it Is all with South Australia. This South-west trade is lost to the colony simply because of our inadequate commu- nications, and the South-western extension to Jundah would secure it. Can any such trade advantages be claimed for the Blackall branch ? Mr. Carkeek urges, as'a further reason why this Blackall branch should be con- st! uoted, that considerably over 200,000 sheep have been lost.thlB year In that dis- trict. The good people of Longreach, I notice, urge that no extension should be made to Jundah because heavy Btock losses have taken placo In that district ; conse- quently, I am rather undetermined BB to Whether a dead sheep Is a live argument for or against railway construction. Ad- mitting Mr. Carkeek's view to be the cor- rect one. Blackall losses are undoubtedly serious ; but they shrink luto dwarfed in- significance compared with the cattle- man's losses In .the South-west. He has had no railway within fifty or seventy mlle3 of his door from which to truck his starv- ing cattle to the grass on the coast, as the Blackall district had. Over £1,000,000 is repissented in the hide-covered boneheaps lining tho creeks and dotting the plains between here and the border. The value of the dead stock would extend the Central system to the South Australian border. This drought has made railway commun!» Mtlnn fr.- »h" C...I. -. - - -. Limon tor tne isoutb-west corner urgent and imperative. Ou~ Longreach friends aro delightfully frank in their oppojirio.i to the Partmculh Jundah extension. They admit flee'"/ that theil primary con'ütleratio'i is self-intercut, The construction of the line, they consider, would, be a serlouB menace to the prospsiity of their town. They assert fin thor that this Dartmouth-Jundah extension does not tap much countiy for close settlement. That would be a good argument as far as it went if it were true ; but unfoitunately for Longreach interests it is not true. Duilng the past four or five years, since the agitation for this extension has been commenced, settlement has already taken place-good, close, permanent settlement, too. In the neighbourhood of Jundah with- in the last few years 528,963 acies have been taken up for close settlement in the shape of grazing selections. The settlers are all s,mall men, struggling, hardy sons of the soil, almost all the typical cockie. What do our Longreach friends mean hy tapping close settlement ? The entire countiy that would be traversed by this South-west extension is good sheep coun- try, and on Welford Downs and Retreat resumptions, which are not yet thrown open to selection, although I understand they have bean several times applied for, there is plenty of good sheep- country available, equal to any that has been already select- ed. The Longreach people also assert that on the Jerlcho-Blnckall line the freight ob- tainable for wool, &c;, would be greater. Just at the beginning this might probably be so, but for a little time only ; just until a belt of properties now carrying cattle were put under sheep, a change which would take place Immediately railway communica- tion was sufficiently near to warrant it ; as all this South-western country is remark- ably well adapted for wool-raising. The South-western extension will pay better than the Blackall branch, which latter will bring to our ports not a toa of wool more than comes there now, while the former will bring thousands of tons, to Rockhamp- ton that are not now produced. Past experience in railway construction has shown us that our imaln trunks pay handsomely, and that the white elephants of railway construction are the branch rail- ways leading to no man's town, parish of nowhere. Will our Government in making final choice he justified If they flout the teaching of experience 7 The Jericho line, it Is asserted, is more pressing than the line down the Thompson. Blackall being within about a day's ride of the railway, this branch extension -would he a great convenience to the Blackall people undoubt- edly. But how stands the case for the South-west extension in the matter of urgency ? The settlement on the Thomp- son is some 170 miles beyond the present terminus. Settlers there have lately been compelled, on account of the roads being closed to teams, to obtain necessaries of life -actual food supplies-through the Post Office. The very existence of the present settlement on the Thompson enn be fairly urged as bound up In the South-west ex- tension, Mr. Henderson, speaking at the Chamber ot Commerce meeting In Rockhampton, said he knew the country below Jundah, and did not think that an, acre of it would ever be selected. Mr. Henderson ought to know the South-west ; and if he does he must be aware that if it is ever to be used to the fullest advantage closer settlement is the remedy. Other means of saving the count- less million tons of fodder wasted In a good season there Is none, and the man with 6000 acres is in a better position than the man with 600,000 to go through the miseries of a toad one ; he is better prepared for and better able to cope^with the drought fiend. The existing drought shows this con- spicuously, selectors losses here being In- considerable compared with station losses, The country below Jundah will not be selected, says Mr. Henderson ; but the fact is that over half-a-mllllon acres have already been selected below Jundah, and that the process is still going on. Mr. Henderson must know (if it is the same Mr. Henderson I met in this district eight or nine years ago) that in a good season no better fattening pasture land is to be found throughout Queensland than the country .through which the Cooper ' flows ; and he must certainly be aware that no matter how good this country is at two or three hundred miles from the terminus 'it pos- sesses no attraction to the selector here ?called upon to comply with the wire netting conditions. In conclusion, . I would point -* **».t the whole ot the South-west is in a most primitive state" as to tho matter of improvements-that with suitable improve- ments its carrying capacity can be largely increased, if not doubled ; that these Im- provements are now expensive and impos- sible, lareely because inadequate raliway communication makes them so. .-I am, sir, &c;, E. L. LINDSAY, Hon. Secretary Win-« dorah District Branch Jundah Railway League. __^^_______ 