A0TA PdP^ULl. BY THE FLANEUR. LrM Banquo's ghost, the great drink trouble '?? will not down.' The ' accursed' Btu£E itself goes down, of course, but that merely increases tbe calamity, for the more grog put down the greater and fiercer are the disputes which inevitably pop up. One of the chief vexations caused by the sub ject of strong drink springs from the fact that it }B one of those bewildering problems concerning which a very great deal may be said on both sides, and yet neither side be right. Prohibitionists point out, with seeming satisfaction, that grog has killed of! more persons since the world began than either pesti'ence, war, or famine. Ard then a champion of the L.V. A. steps cheerfully to the front snd asks : 'What about the Deluge ? How did water seore there? And what1 about tidal waves, and foods, and treacherous seas, and divers other watery wobb that make '.more work for the under taker ?'' O O 0 Prohibition statistics show that the future life of even the babe unborn is shortened by the eupper mulled ale and whisky *' nightcaps' surrounded by its parents. But there died m Victoria the other day at the over-ripe age of 103 years one Aaron Weller, who started drinking on the day George IV. was crowned King of England, 80 years ago, and kept on drinking right up to the hour that the ' black camel' knelt at his door, and the driver thereof, whose name is Death, called out, ' Hurry up, Aaron, or you'll miss the 'bus !' I don't intend to form any definite opinion on the great drink ques tion until science has clearly explained why it is that (supposing it be true that all men are created equal) some men can surround thirty tots a day, and ' feel ell the better for them,' while other men get whoop* ing drunk if they merely see a board on which is painted ' Try Brewery's Amber Ale !' o o o The march of progress is trampling down all the eld-time customs for the good of us all, we are told, but many an old Fbbbuak friend from the dear old Emerald Isle will read with regret Mr. Michael M'Donagh's assertion that one of the old customs ?which have disappeared in Ireland is the lighting of the bonfires on St. John's Eve, the 23rd of June, to placate the fairies — to induce them to exercise a beneficent influence on the affairs of life, but especially on the coming harvest. When I was a youth every lane and alley in Limerick on that evening had its bonfire— a huge pile of blazing peat —with music and singing, and dancing ; and I have often stood at the close of the long summer's day on one of the bridges crossing the Shannon to admire the grand effect of the long line of fires on the slopes of the Clare hills. For several years now these fires have been extinguished not only in the streets of Limerick, but on the hills of Clare, never to be lighted again. Yet old peasants in the remote parts of Ireland still believe in the power of the fairies to intermeddle for good or evil in mun dane affairs ; that the yield of milk from the cows or ouuer zrom cue cuurn is aneciea oy mangn spells ; and when they see a cloud of dust whirled ?long the road by the summer wind they cross themselves and say, ' There goes, the good people.'* o o \\._ o But the spread of education has loosene'd'the hold of these curious superstitions on the minds of the young people. For them, all that remains of the sway 'the good people' held over their fathers is the nomenclature of field and hill and valley. Every district has still its ' hill of the fairies,' its 'field of the fairies' — places where the old peasants hear ' the good people,' if they do not see them, in every rustle of tree, and brush, and grass, but which the young pass by, however late at night, without the slightest tremor or quickening of their footsteps, o o p : Train a maid-servant up in the way she should go and— she won't, or, what is more aggravating still she will go unless you make a substantial rise in her wages. Apropos to which I learn from a Westralian friend that a Kalgoorlie housewife, despairing of ever obtaining that rara avis of the goldnelds, a good general servant, at last deter minded to tackle the job herself of cyaniding the daily dionte joint into some semblance of softness, and with that laudable object in view purchased a cookery book. ' If yon have any other work bearing on the same subject,' she said to the bookseller, *' I would gladly purchase it also, as I want to learn all I can.' ' Oh, yes,' replied the salesman, taking & book down from the shelf, .''We have here the very thing you want. A splendid companion work to the cookery book you have just purchbted. It is entitled ' What to do while waiting for the doctor.' ' Ten seconds later that daring joker stood in urgent need of the book himself; Our Church of England friends are holding another Congress, but the only matter of impor tance yet discussed! is the necessity which exists for scooping in the blessed bawbee, a matter which justifies the query recently put by a contemporary ? ' Is it the rule with Bishops to miss no chance of collecting a subscription ?'' Dr. Hamilton Baynes, the BiBhop of Nata-, himne'f recmrdfl the fact in *'My Diocese During the War.' that no sooner was helibgraphic communication established with Lady smith than he took advantage of the opportunity for a little private conversation to mention to one of the besieged that the diocesan funds were very badly off, in connection with a building operation, for want of £1000, which the beleaguered one had, together with others, made himself responsible for* ' Curiously enough ' says the jSishop, VI got no answer to this.' He was lucky he didn't get one— per medium of a ?? pompom '' ' ' ; o o o Some one asked why the London music-halls were bo crowded that the proprietors had to scratch the paint off the walls and remore the locks from the doors in order to make room for their patrons, while on the other hand tip-top classical concerts, given free, failed to draw anything like a fair attendance. ' Very truly,' the critic said, ?' it is often remarked that when a thing is given to us we do not appreciate it ae much as we do that thing for which we have to pay ; this may account to some extent for the circumstance you mention. On the other hand, the majority of people do not care for those performances which demand mental effort in order to enjoy them. This is an undoubted fact. You must remember that it requires a high grade of education to enable us to find delight in things difficult to comprehend,. In these days of high pressure we do not care to work hard, men tally, for our amusement. In the music hall we get that amusement easily. In time, the progress of edu cation will make it more easy for us to understand high-class music I venture to say that many of those who attend these superior musical p rform ances do so less from a love of music than from a feeling of duty to their social position.' All of which is very true, and may account for the vigor ous yawning which occurs at so many high-toned concerts here. o o o The mention of musical matters reminds me that when M. Wiegand was aakedr if he did not con sider his salary of £500 a-year excessive, lie very properly replied, ' Certainly not. I have worked and studied hard for 26 years, and that has made me a great musician.' That reply embodies a principle which applies to art in general, but which it is very hard to make unprofessional persons clearly understand. During the hearing of the Whistler v Kuskin case in London the Attorney-General said, ' Mr. Whistler, can vnu tell me how long it took you to knock off that nocturne referrpd to ?' «? I was two days at work on it,' replied the artist. 'Oh, ho!' guffawed the raatter-of-facf lawyer. ' Only two days ! And is it then for the l«bour of two short days that you ask 200 guineas *' ?' No,' returned the plaintiff, with crushing effect. ' I ask it for the knowledge of a lifetime !' In a like spirit Mr. Ruskin once said: 'Some of Turner's be*t drawings were done in 20. minutes, but those 20 minutes contained the fruit of 20 years' previous labour.' Apropos to the above, Mr. Firth, one of the witnesses for the defence, somf what flippantly remarked that 'it was just a toss-up whether he became an artist or an auctioneer.'. ' You must have tossed up,' commented Whistler. o o o a.-;. Once again the weary wail is heard that all the high-clasB professions are overcrowded, and the lad who was ambitious to be a barrister must con tent himself with filling the place of a billiard marker. , A sorrowful story is now told to the ef tect that a Kettle Point maiden went to her ' Poppa' and tragically said :, ' If you raise any objections 8ga*n&t; my marriage with Reginald I'll drown myself in the harbour — so, there !'? Reginald is a struggling solicitor, and bearing this in mind, the prudent Poppa sighrd and said : 'Well, my pet perhaps that would be the wisest step to take, after all : I have often heardVthat drowning -p a far easier death than starvation ' I don't put much faith in the 'crowded out' cry alluded to. however, for there's always rot m on top. and granting that a youth has a fair amount of grains, perseverance, energy and steadiness will enable him to climb to a gooaiy,neignt uner an unaries i_.evei neara me cry even in his day, and silenced it to a great ex tent by saying : ' I am old enough to remember the anxious discussion there used to be about over stocked professions. I can recall; a time when people spoke of thatching their barns with unemployed barristers and making corduroy roads with idle curates, but the day for starting those works never airived.' It never will, and- s&l;&ke; hear% young men, and let your motto eyer be *» Excelsior.' Now that Summer has suddenly burst upon us it may be profitable to know some meteorological scien tists assert that anyor e can tell what kind of weather is coming, provided he pays attention to certain signs and observations through certain glasses (not neces sarily beer glasses), and is a pretty good hand at guessing also. On the other hand, non- scientific persons declare that the safest plan to follow is to read the daily tips of our weather prophets, and then expect the very opposite of what has been predicted. Other people are positive that there is no such thing as reliable weather prophecy at all, and the man who says there is can be set down as a Liarius Aufulius of the first magni tude. Even the Bhooting of our corns is a delusion (it will be hard to make some corn proprietors believe that), and when a rheumatic sufferer screams : ' We'rp going to have rain — I can feel it in every limb! ' you can set that down as one of those funny little jokes such people delight in crackin g. Neither sun, moon, ribr stars, . rior the ; position of a pig's snout when the wind is bib Win'g,? nor soot falling down' a, cKiinriey'i nor morning rain-' bows, nor spiders creeping 'from their, webs* nor any of the old-time signs and tokens of bad. weather., can be depended upon now, but, of course, pecple' will keep on believing in them all the same, jiut as' they do in dreams,' and lovers' vows, and sausages;' and racing tips and divers other vanities which spring from the world, the flesh, and the poli ticians. . ' ' ' ' ' ? ' ? ' e 