THE MYSTERY OF THE DARK HOUSE PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. 'Author of "Peg the Rake," "Kitty the Rag," "Two Bad Blue Eyes," "A Woman In It," "Darby and Joan," "The Grinding Mills of God," "A Daughter .of the People/ "A Husband of No Importance," &c.;» &c; "COPYRIGHT. ' 4 CHAPTER XXXV.— (Continued,) The next-mornings pust brought Dolores a letter. It was from Mr. Mai pus. "I want to sue you as soon as you can call here," lie wrote. "It is Important." She wondered- what had haimunud. but mid day' found her In the old dingy ofllce. Mr. -Malp&s; received her in his iilvale is'.in. J-lis usually impassive facu looked eager and in terested. - On the table before him stood the jewel case, and beside It a large parchment. He motioned Dolores to a seat. ' ''Something very strange has turned up— .very strange." \- He tapped the parchment, and adjusted his. glasses. . He tapped the parchment, and adjusted his glasses. "This," he said, "Is Miss Penliarva's will— the unsigned will — that made your child a beggar." "Yes?" she acquiesced. "It Is of no use, you said." ; "None whatever; waste paper— niere waste paper. "We may as well tear it up. Only parchment isn't easy to tear." 'He smiled oddly, and crushed up the sheet, and tossed it aside. Dolores -watched hhn with ever-increasing wonder. He turned next to the jewel-ease, and open ed it. Dirty, mildewed, and even in some places g.nawed by the sharp teeth of rodents, yet the Inside was quite unharmed. He took out the jewels— an old watch, two or three gold chains, some quaint old Marquise rings, a heap of brooches, some uncut rubies, a diamond necklet, strings of pearls, balr bracelets — a queer assortment of Jewellery, that would not have much show beside the resplendent coffers of a modern "mondahie." Yet they were valuable. They were antique old family jewels, with histories attached; and the old lawyer's lingers lingered about them with a certain reverence, ns he placed them on the table before Dolores. She watched him with some wonder in her eyes, but she asked no questions. "When -the box was quite empty he closed it and handed it to her. "Yours?" he said, with a queer twinkle in bis eye. "Mine?" she exclaimed, turning Lt from side to side, and then looking at him for explann "Yours!" he repealed. "It doesn't look much of a legacy, yet it brings you good news and good fortune. Try if you can dis cover the secret." She opened the lid; she sounded the bottom and the sides; she shook it, turned it upside tic-wn, then locked back 'at the old lawyer's watchful face. "No, there seems noticing here,! she said. Still smiling, he took the box again Into his bonds. , _ "You see this lid?" he asked her. I-t solid, doesn't it? A mere accident revealed its secret to me. Look!" He passed Ills forefinger slowly up the side, close against the outer edge, A leather flap > flew 'buck, revtnllinr a vquarc hollow com partment. Fitted Into it was a tliln leather case. Mr. Malpas drew it out. "How dearly you women love writing down your secrets," lie said. "Look here." He opened the case. AVltliln lay a sealed Phu ket of thin paper. It was addressed In tlie small crumped writing that Dolores knew so V "To Dolores Derlng. For her private use, perusal and warning, after I shall he dead and my history fa-gotten." She turned It over thoughtfully, her Ileal t full of memories of that time when that strange, lonely woman, had told her of the past tragedy In her blighted life. . "There Is more than that," said Mr. Malpao, "I told you I had good news. Do you sera llHe showed her a single sheet of qotepaper. It was covered with writing, and bore at the end of the page three signatures. "Her will," exclaimed the old lawyer, triumphantly. "Signed and witnessed, and perfectly legal! She made It herself pend ing my arrival with the more formnl docu ment. It Is dated the same day. It merely Tepeata In simple ' words her intentions. Everything Is left to your hoy. and you are his guardian." ' , For a moment Dolores could not spenlt. The rccm went whirling round, the shadows and sunbeams chased each other in giddy cir cles. It seemed hardly possible that tills couhl he true. The voice of the old man reached her dazed senses. "Come, come, take lt calmly. It is quite right, lt is just what she intended. By some strange foresight she made this herself, i and had it witnessed, and then put It inUrtliat \- -'hiding-place along with her journal. That feminine document was evidently written for your perusal only, I have no doubt. Mean- while, what Is more to tlie purpose is the proving of this will, and the settling of your claim. These jewels are yours, -by the way. There Is no reason why you should not take them away" with you. The will I will take steps to prove, and then you can decide what to do with the property." "But if any of her legal relatives turn up?' "That's of no moment now. She had full power to net us slio pleased. And I'm In clined to think the fumlly has died out. You see, our advertisements rover met with any response. Don't niulte difficulties, for good ness' sake, my dear young lady. The Pen- harva property lias beea tlie liune of my exist ence. 1 am heartily glad to see It passvout of tlie Fonliarvu hue." He replaced the jewels In the box. tied It securely nnd sealed It. Then he handed It to Dolores. The sealed packet still lay unopen ed- on- the Inble. She felt an odd dislike to take lt— a fear lest .what she should read there might have some unpleasant effect upon her life or fu ture. She could not explain why tills feeling over came her but' It wns there, and remained wllli lier during the drive hack lo her aunt's cottage. Not even then did It leave her, but liuuntcd tlie remaining hours -of the day, un til night came, and she was alone, and undis turbed, nnd could set herself to' examine those closely-covered pages. . . ""In some tlie Ink wns dull, and the writing blurred ns If by tears." Others were fresh and clear, ns If they had been recently added. . While. the tlilld slept peacefully lit Ills little feed, and the soft air blew the perfume of rose nnd verbena through the open window, she unfolded, one by cue. those long, tn'.n slips of foreign paper, placed them In sequence, and began to renil. CHAPTER XXXVI. EXTRACTS COPIED FROM THE JOUR NAL OF URSULA PENIIARVA. March Gth, ISO. — Seventeen to-day, . and they kept my birthday lor me In right good style at Penharva. It was my grandfather's wish, nnd that wns ever law to my mother, who was a timorous body, nnd stood In great awe of her husband's family. I wore a new silk gown, and we drove away from St. Just In a chariot and pair, my mother and I, while my father rode at our side for com pany. The morning was fine and bright with the coming of spring, and full of scents and sweetness. 1 envied my father on his horBe. I would have loved to ride, too; but my little mare had been left behind, because, for sooth, I must be dressed In fine gown und hat and feathers to do honour to the day and meet my cousin John Penharva from Truro, with whom I am to make a match one of these days. So my mother has hinted, and having been brought up In duty and obedience I listen demurely — and say no thing. For indeed I have little wish to he married. I think girlhood should be free and happy, and have space and time l'or study, und for judgment before it Is given away to a man's keeping, und burdened with other cares. Still 1 du not speak such things even to my mother — good, patient' soul, who has (I confess here) little will of her own, and no riotous Imagination, such as rules me at times, and makes me a wild, rebellious maid whom none may rule or check, save perhaps- my grandfather. We arc to stay the night at Penharva. There Is to he a lot of company in the evening, and I hear that my cousin John has brought a friend with him from London. I have spent a most pleasant evening. I will Just write of it before I go to bed. I , hove little Inclination for sleep. I have seen Cousin John's friend. He Is a line tall young man with handsome face, and hlaclc sparkling eyes. We danced together several times, and he said many pretty things of my light foot and gracefulness of figure. (I fear these London gentlemen are sad flatterers, for what could an Ignorant coun- trv girl like myself know of manners.) I blushed and stammered when he spoke to me, hut I danced with him whenever he asked, lor Cousin John is heavy and clumsy, and I fcund him by no means so entertaining as his friend. ' . \ „ 'i March Stli. Home again. I feel tired and out of spirits after bo much gaiety. We stayed air day yesterday at my grandfather's re quest. and went out on the sea and walked to the Logan stone In .the afternoon. I was not at all tired. . , Yet 1o-day I feel heavy of limb and heart, and care for nothing. My mother has been busy scolding the maids, who, It appears, have done nothing right in her absence. I wandered out In the garden and thought of Cousin John, good, stupid, honest youth, lie is to pay us a visit- at- midsummer. X I was going to write something foolish. What could have put Into my head that a fine London gentleman would -ever care to stay In our dull West Country? I cannot tell for, the life. of me! . e Mav 1st.— What made me begin to keep a journal? Perhaps it w.as reading Clarissa In my grandfather's library. I have been much ut Penharva of late. The old man has been ill and strange, and would have me with him' to read and talk or pldy at piquet. He loves me in his wayi but-. It-Is a- somewhat trying way. I must do-all he wants and, have no will or opinion of - my Wit. . ' i May ' nth.— Great sorrow and misfortune have befallen us. I waB recalled to my own. home yesterday.. My' dear father , had been thrown from his horse-and killed on ,'the spot. No one knows how.lt- happened, whether Crab Apple stumbled Vory took fright,. .My poor father was picked lip by a fafmlng'mah, near the mine of Balleswlddon. He may have been cantering oyer the Downs near that strange circle "of stones— nineteen In number— whose history - Is unknown. My mother Is dis traught with grief. I feel too dazed and pained for much show of sorrow, wo fear that tlio shock of Ills son's death will have a disastrous effect uu my grandfather. Ills mind is already much hnpulrcd. -und his moods get stranger every day. May 20th.— At Penharvn. My mother and I are staying here. The old man would have mo, and 1 would not leave lier. We laid my dear futher to rest in the old churchyard, where many a gen'eratlon of the family He burled. -My mother tells me tliut owing to this I may be the lielrcBS-of my grandfather, lt Is therefore probable -that they will urge me to marry my cousin, John Penharva. In this manner the name and property will he kept together. 1 cannot hut confess here, and to my own heart; tlia-l the idea does not please me. I have nought but cousinly affec tion for John Penharva. I do not wish to be his wife. I do not tell my grandfather this.. It would vex him, and in his frail condition that woiild- be scarcely kind. The old house Is very melancholy. My bed- chumbei- Is in the oldest part of lt, and the casements look out on the kitchen garden ana orchard, and all the fields of corn and rye now waving green and beautiful In the warm sunshine. The front of the liouso fucos the sea, but Is sunk too deep in the hollow of the cliff to allow of- more than the sound of It. And weird and melancholy lt is In time of stcrm such-as our coast knows. How I miss my dear fa-ther. He was cheery, and full of good humour and good spirits. My mother Is- ever weeping find melancholy, nnd my grandfather full of strange fancies and- crunks. They say we Penharvas always get crazed as we grow old. If that is- so, I am glad my dear father, died In his prime, for lt -would have broken my heart to see him -thus. I fancy the old house accounts-fur it. It Is full of mystery and gloom, of weird sounds and shadows. They say it Is haunted; but of that 1 am supposed to know nothing. Yet I doubt If any ghost would frighten me. I am not timorous or weak like my mother. And If I met some long passed away ancestor or ancestress In these gloomy corridors i should but feel a curious and intense interest In their reasons for re-visltlng Penhurvu. I would deurly love to question such a ghost." (TO SB CONTINUED.) 