MDNTFflRO HOUSE. ' Wel'Jai'V S-»n like the honae? ' toid tUe afiS"'. »" ,l,c 8",nB who luirl called ycMeriluy entered the office. : " Sotmocli that I ahouM likc to lake it for the-mmmcr "»ai<(' the -young mart; "and my Fitter ! is .aieO pleased with it. Who is the owner? " . ' Tlie owner, sir,. -was a Mr. Wyndliam, . who usfal U|.HTn there, but died quite pud- dcnlyn month ago on a visit to bondon. Hi? executors arts. the persons, to t rqal with. The affairs seem to have bre.n left in some confu sion, but there' is no douht you could have : thehdnRCfor the period you mention. It looks the sort or place that ought to haven story." said bonis bennox, while the agent w role down the executors' names. I never heard that it had, sir; no ghosts or anything uf Unit sort," said the agent, smiting. "Mr. Wyiidham came inlo it un expectedly about two years ago. through the death of » cousin— a very young lady, I he- lirve; hir came from imoLher county, and 'her people did uot livn here, art I don t know much about thenr. The place was al ways let till Mr. Wyndhain took to living in il' Mr. JdCiinox thanked, the .agent and left the office. The week after lie and his sister .- .i. woocoscinn a.f "Mnntford House, ready furnished, and in gu»td order, for -what pvo jnlfod to he a brilliant, mitumcr. Nellie, some years cider than her brother, and de voted to him, was delighted with the place, j They brought, their own scrvante, n-pccially as Mr. Wyndhain, ilapprarcl, Imd only kepi a couple of elderly womrn pervunte. The library, n pJeafant .«"«» used hy the yoong master of the houne us Ins study. \- for he was a great student. A tminller ronni opened out. of the library, and wan usrful tar surplus books; the window opened into the i garden. Thelirsl day they were settled—; which was 60qu — Lennox pat down in the library one afternoon tn write Hfitnr lot lore. Before he had been Imay long he had dropped his pen and looked round; then got lip and went into the little Htiidy. Nellie, cntnfng in at the moment, naked what wna the matter. «' It Bounded .18 il Sonironn called out, "said Lennox, looking perpWxcd. " 1 can't locate, the eound. cither." t' Tbi? servant5 arc out at the back, and "I've come from the drawjng:room," said Nellie. " It's fancy." " I beard -it 'several times, and then, an if thing— heavy things— were being moved about. i V If you hoar it at night it may begbosls," said she, laughing. Ho heard it. so continuously tbat be got nervous; it came from behind the wall of the library, but thnro wu.i no room there, as the outer wall of the house was not thick enough to contain another 'apartment. J>ul there was no doubt a voice seemed to be coming out. a muffled cry, as if distance or some obstacle subdued it. What could it he ? L influx declared ho could not stand it, and a architect was called in to tap and sound the walls and pive his opinion. "It's a human voice." said' Lennox to bis sister, " there's Mimrllfln'c unnsmny about the pl:»rp. J dream o' tbat voice; I can't stop here if our search Uhaffled." Nellie did not laugh at him. The architect discovered nothing, and thought Mr. Lennox must hsve uvcr-Bt udiod. "Nobody can be shut up there,"- said Nellie, "you can't imagine such an absurd thing, Louis." " I dmi't imagine anything, 1 hear gonads I can't account for, whether they arc human or nut ; and 1 mean to find them out if 1 pull down the place fur it. The night of the architect's dcparture.Lcn- no, after the household badguneto bed, be gan a «earch for himself; He heard nothing to-night, and almost persuaded himself he was the victim of fancy. It was eerie work, too; the sounds might he audible and yet bo produced by nothing tangible. Again his search seemed hopeless, ami as a sort of forlorn hope he vent into the little study. He had sometimes fancied the mys terious vojcp Sounded nearer (here. . He opened the dour of a large closet al ready surveyed, nnd began there what ho mnant to morrow to do everywhere— take lip the flooring. Be. had tools, and tie knew how t« use Uictm. None of the. planking was loose; what struck him was that in one place it was almost unusually tightly laid. He bent himself with iJirnlitoiug lirart, to fnroc this up. Suddenly bVsprnn'g to hie feet with a smothered exclamation; beneath the plank ing a ha lifted it, he' saw, not. the foundation beneath, hut a dark deep aperture, lie caught up "his lamp and bent down ; the light fell on a narrow stairway. He lifted himself, with his heart in his throat, and paused a minute to steady him self. Then he began to carefully descend the stair, marking the direction it took. Jt went towards the gardens, ami was short, and wi<io eonnglv, as ha found, to take two very slight penmus-Mvomen say — abreast. .At. the bot tom a door. met him, fastened with bolts, and locked, It took him some time to un fasten this door. He knew he must now bo under the garden immediately outsido the strtdv windows. He. pushed hack the door slowly ; it whs heavy, and he was in a strung dp state of dreud'and suppressed ex citement-. JTe fmtnd himself in a small cham ber. window-Jess and as cold as iro. Some very .old fumiturcin disorder aliotit the room he did not notice; his eyes went straight to a jnnrc Startling object— a wonuin's form, lying face down on tho floor. Lennox scarcely breathed a he knelt down by this unhappy creature.— dying or dean — aod hftnd 1her grntly. "Good God !" lie whispered, horror j-truck. A mere girj, wboso head Jay heavy ou his ami, and her . Jong, fair hair swept the floor. She looked utticrly JifolctM and sc. terribly worn and emaciated lljat it wm impossible to tind "any traces of beauty, or even to what class she belonged? Fie iviitrd no time in con jecture, hut lifted her in hi? arms. He was Strong and she less weight thun a child; ho could easily carry her up the nuiirg, In less time than it took him to descend he wa? -up again, and oHfriedhib strange httrden info ti)e library, ivbcrr ft|u» fire — for tlm night were chilly— still burnt. JQo fetched brandy find water, when he ha'd laid the girl on a couch, ond forced Home between her closed, lerili. Almost despairing of eucrccss, he persevered, and at liu-t waitr In n sort, of agopy, holding the poor child close io him, while slowly and painfully «he Pt niggled back inlQ. foqblc life. Hut liec eyes only etared up vaguely into her rescuer's faco; she could neither speak nor wove. Leuoox wiid, softly; 'M You are safe, my child; 1 ivill take Bare of you," though he acarccly knew whether aha would understand. Somceruol wrong ihust have been done her— a creature 1 eo yongand'halpleBs that it would seem the baBefct could .not hnmi her. leoopx fetched his sister, and told hrr in a .few. words hid Urangc discovery. Nellie, . surprised and, woudrring, lv>?t no time in putting- the. poor girl iu her own hod, and Lennox himself went for the doctor. For two days they nursed her like their 5wn; tho lying in the nrruost extreme of prOFtration..Mcanwhilc lenuox had peareheii ihehiddon chamber, and found there n vessel that hod contained n portion uf water, ond the rcinnnitts of soiuo bread. It was no use lo call ti tlie police till the girl could speak, . for everyone rise was at sm. Lentici hittisolf was watching by her, one <nigli!t when eke fii>st opened her lips.'' Hhe looked diUcrent now ; in lieailli eha "would be . rwwkably iireit. put out a (ialioale hud and asked Lennox "wiol» w»t " 1 Rm Nina, she whispered. " Nifia ?" said Lennox, folding the' little hand in hia with a thrill at his heart; do yoo remember your other name tu " Yes — Wyndhanj. He was too startled to apeak at once; she Aaid in the same whisper; ' My cousin brought me here— a long, Jong time ago. Jlon't let, him ace me;" her eyes grew wild. Lennox soothed and re- aasurcd her, and pro mised he or his sister would never leave her. " Some devir» work here."he thought, when the girl shpt; is jt possible that the cousin did not die as was thought, but was to be gol. out of the way by slow starvation; per haps this Wyndhain would have her innncy. And his death haa frustrated his vile donign." Much of this was the story Nina told. She could not recall exactly Mow <hc had come to this house, but b1i2 wan clear about her cousin's position ; sit her death he catnn into possession of her property. Shsi had hod sonic food, and as long a« any ntrength remained to her, had ceaselessly cried for help. Sometimes she had felt half mad. anf flung the things about in a freniy. Her gratitude to Iter rescuers was speechless. The countryside rang with the story, but the only legal steps taken were to identify Nina Wyndham; the would-be murderer had eacapcd earthly justice. Nioa recovered slowly. " You'll be tired of mc,'alic said to Lennox with unconscious wistfulncss. " This is your own house." ho eaid, tmih ing; " you may be tired of us." " Ob, no ! how couid I be ?" " How could 1 be ?" said Lennox, noftly, taking a willing hand—" not even for a life time." " You've the best. right to nie," Nina whis pered, after a happy niimite. "You Bared my life; it ought to be yours." The underground room was Jiiled up. " No one else shall rior suffer as 1 did, "said Nina; and even in the sunshine of lo\e and care she never could hear to recall that- time. 