CUAFTER XVII. At J}Ktn of Nioirr. HE clnircb ' clock Blruok two. The reverbera tion of the Hecond Btrokc dinl Bway as she ©jH'iiud , her bedroom door i but Hit inch or two. blic lintciied. All was Htill. S h e , opened it a little^ wid«T, listunin^vct. There wan nol a | sound. Tlie litrht-H | in the Hittin^«n«tm 1 werv out, but tbo lire bHU burtird brightly In tho vrate. The fliolreritiff flames illuminated tbe tprtiMiU ty ttti and 4r»f away and leaving nil in shadow, now flushiir.: into fiffu! g)»m»ur, so os h» throw portinnbr objects into prominent reliof. She drew her bImiwI about her closer. She hsd not realised llint sho wuh cold until she saw tho fire. Slip hesitated , should sho get some nf jtH wurmth into her veins before she went? ft Vnnld be one moro memory to curry «iway with her, her last warm at hi" fire. Sho went to it, leaning over and ex tending her hands, By tho light of its flames one could see that- she was no longer clad in tho costume which she hod worn throughout the day, with mcli pride in its glory ; she was once more in her rag's. After a while, standing up, sho tumod her face towards tho door of Blaiso Polhurston's room. She passed the fingers of her right hand to and fro botweon her lips, as if in a paroxysm of nervom^rreBolution. *' I wouldn't wake him ! I wouldn't wake bim !" She repeated this to herself, over and over again, as if striving at sclf- conviction. She moved quiokly to the door. * "Gentleman ! Gentleman.'" sho whispered. There wa« pHS.*ion in her voice, us well hs Fatliofi,' and a wild despair. '! Goodbye ! 'd never have been the kind of wifo you i ought to have^ never! It's best like thin— beat for both of us. Gnwd bless you! Aro you dreaming of me F" There was a break in her speech ; a sob in her throat. Bending forward,'she pressed her lip* against the panel. And that same instant the door was opened from within. The handle was turned with a sudden click, the door drawn right back upon its hinges, and Blaise Polhurston came hastily striding into the room. Tho tiling wus done so suddenly that tho girl still had her lips pronged against the panels when^as ir seemed, thoy were snatched away from her ; she had no time to withdraw before Blaise Polhurston was pushing past. " Gentleman I *' sha cried. Cowering, sho shrank back against the wall. She expected him to turn upon her with rcproaches; at least to demand an explanation, of her pre fence there. Hut he dia neither. It was a minute or more before sh« realised that she was unperceived, that he ignored her utterly. When tho oonsoioosnees that this was so began to dawn upon her she was* filled with sensations of mingled wonder and awe. He was only partly d reuse,-1, having thrown 0 dressing-gown over his trousers and night shirt. The dressing-gown, being unfastened, flapped open us he moved, seeming to throw his tall, thin figure into ominous relief. His hair was dishevelled. Ho carried no light, but, an he entered, a coal fell down in the fire; the flames shot lip, as if in greeting. H«* ft-oved to the oentre, and paused, tho girl momentarily expecting Mm to turn uud dis cover her, wondering bow he could have passed her undetected. Presently he began to epcak-rsbc perceiv ing with increasing surprise that it was to himself he spoke, apparently oblivious of tho possibility of his beiug overheard. There was an odd quality iti his voice—frenzy, agony, as if tbc words were being wrung from him in olote of blood. Tho first word he uttered was her name. 41 Pollie! Tollie! Pollie!" three times over, in a crescendo gcale. The girl, crouching in tho corner, begun to tremble. What was coming? What was about to hrtppen P It was strange to hear bim cill to her, as it seemed, frmi the depth of his heart, he remaining all the rime uucon soious of her close pronituiuity. 41 She's ill! How ill! Fulhrn down in tho street, uud carried homo. Home! What a borne! Hunger, wtskuesa, exhaustion— that's what it is. Cold, exposure, w-nnty clothing, no food—that's who's laid her here. A ductor'd say, give her plenty of nourish ing fool, good wine—that's tho inetiirino he d prescribe for a case like this. * Ye gods!" Ho laughed—a laugh which set his hearer shivering. A flood of mcmorv swept over her. Sho remembered how, during u spell of bitter weather, luck had goue dead against them; how, practically, for days together they had had to go witLout food—how, at'Inst, she had fallen in the street, and been borne, senseless, to the garret which they called home—bow he had returned and found her null unconscious. W&a; this time being brought back to bis nightmare haunted brain, so that, aslocp, ho was enacting his dream before her eyes. So soon us she suspected that this might be the cose, her limb* seemed to become paralysed, as if spellbound she continued to watch him. {She saw him, by the flickering firelight, drop upon one knee and bond forward, as if stooping over some object which he peroeivod to be in front of him. Extending his Jeft arm, ho moved bis hand, gentlv, to and fro, imitating the gesturo with which one smoothes a person's brow. "Pollie! Pollie!" With what tenderness he prouounced tho name! How her hoart molted within her as she heard! "How oold youure! How oold—andbow.still! rollieJ" Again the clinging tendemets. Tho tears started to the listener's eyes. Wake up — open your eyes—look at me, child! It's Gentleman ! Don't lie so atil!—if.'s the first time I've asked you to look at me in vain !" For a few seconds longer he continued the gentle movement of lus hand. Then his ann dropped to his side, as with a gesture of despair. " What el)all I do P What shall t do P Starving! In this great storehouse of food!" lie stood up, remaining'motionless, with head a littlfr bowed, as if looking down ut the silent figuro which was at bis side. Where shall I find the wherewithal with which to buy ber foodP I've begged— begged!" He laughed—aguin that, uncom fortable luugh which had set her shivering. " I'vo not found the profits which thoy say the trade brings in. Perhaps that's because 1 am unpractised. There's no time to gain proficicncy. 1 must get food for her to-night, and—for me. But how P How P With nothing how shall I get something P llow P How ?" She saw, him shudder. He threw up bis aims, as if, in so doing, he strove to throw off from his mind some thought of horror. "What devila hunger makes of us! What devils I Or else it lavs us there !" Ho pointed to where ho perceived the filent figure on the mattress at his feet . Turning, ho began to move hurriedly, jerkily, to and fro, as if lie was endeavouring, under pres sure, to resolve a problem in his bewildered brain. Words came from.him in disconnected phrases. * 14 There is not time. 1 could not. do it if there wore. An hour or two, it may he too lute. Monry—money—at once, or not ut nil. Hliey must bury, thouirh, it seems, tin y aro uof forced to keep alive; fhiitV how it *t«nd«<." He pHiisod, in his nervous movemeuts, as if to consider. A name oumo from his lips, as if unconsciously. ■» " Shapr-oti P ShupcottF" Then, lis if wnking, all at once, to comprehension of the thing 'which he had said, he extended his nrrns in a burst of suddtm passion. "Curse him I Cureehicn! May UebctreWjdaumeil" Again n<\- i«csuic ti<«- imaginary l-illK, ibin lime on both bin knee. [\>lli«! I'ollie! " Tfacro were tears in voice, which im*re&M7d; thestreams whiob pouring down tho listener's cheek*. ■ ■ t.'i ]j.> tii» n- m btill—don't, don't! Open ... «}.--:«»nk un ut me—upeak to mar ■■ I'm, uiipjiTiiiiy, !ii.- appual remained un \- itil. On In* iuco, as revealed by the "-•l-iflit, was un agony of supplication. I'mT.m ! r«i}'ir.! f'ollir!" he murmured, j l.cn in* fprsniLr bark to his foot, with ft w j'.vu 'J^'< rn(i»ation. " >h«- i-luiH mu i]n>, that is certain not; if ■ v Hi ii'ni of iiiiiii^ ('.in lfpcp her alive. There ii" u.i\\* nut! in.an* of getting money— .ihwiy* w;iy - and m-wi*. I have heard it said :i hundred thoiiMiiid timo—I know it of my ■ i\vi» ktiMwU-due. Why should I stop to oon ndti- wluf Thiw'R urc /awful w&en; there's ilffitli to fight. Against that foe oil things n-n lawful, CJodknow*! Death comes qniok ; ihmIihh not wait, ph|) in hand, for you to •rand rj)jjHidrrjn£r. You roust beat him with my wrapin—yo, at once !—now!—or you'U u<? iH'utcn; and that defoat there's no re* irieving. God known! I'll go at once to Shapcott, and I'll beg of him for her life.*' He hesitated, nsjfhehad stiflnotsuooeededia. bringing lu'msrlf quite to the eticking-powt. L'lien, once more, knelt down. " Pollic, it's for you. God help us both I" He bent his bead right over, as if stooping to kiss the face of the rilent figure which was lying tfce pallet. And, indeed, tbe Jistezter secmod to feci his lips touch hers. When aguin he roao to his feet, hfa words und manner suggested that the scene in bis vision had changed, as, in our dreams, scenes do change, with kaleidoscopic suddenness. His attitude assumed a rigidity of horror which it wan unpleasant even to contemplate. Ho stood so that the fire shone on his features; nothing in the expression of his face, or in his bearing, was hidden from the girl staring, all trembling, from ber corner. He looked likoa man might look who sees 'i ghost; as if he were compelled to glare* willy-nilly, at some object of horror, the mere wight of which froac the blood in his veins. As Pollie watched, something of the horroC' which held him as in a vioo passed from him to her, so that she became an involuntary nharer in his nightmare agony. He was staring downward at the floor, with parted lips, wide-open eye*, as If there were something there to which his glance was riveted. He continued to stare so long, so fixedly, without moving, or, apparently, drawing breath, that bis strained pose began almost to suggest paralysia—Bome dreadful form of tetanus which held him rigid. It was a relief when, at last, a tremor pass ing over him, with a long, deep- drawn sigh, he seemed to return to life. For some seoonds he swayed to and fro, as if he were about to fall. Then, all at once, drawing himself quite straight, ho looked round the room, with uucouscioua, glassy- eyes. Then back went hiH glanoe to die floor. Something of his former dreadful look returned. He mot* tered to himself a name* hoarsely: "fibapeott? Shapcott f" As if startled by the sound of his own voice, again ho looked about him, with tho game unseeing eyes. Once more they to* turned to the something which he seemed to see tying at hie feet. He slightly inclined his head. * "Is it you P What—what are you doing there?" Hp paused, as if for a reply. 44 Shapcott!" Another pause. " What— what arc you doing there P Why don't yon hppak to me Y Shapcott!" For the thiril time his oblivious gase nae>:ed round the room. "I thought I hpurd a noieo. Yet it all soems still. How HtiiU I wonder what's made the world oo still. Shapcott! Wby the devil-won't he speak to me ? Why the devil ? I suppose it is (shapcott. I can't see him with Ms faoe turned down. Shapcott!" He readied out his foot as if toiiohiop something with hi* toe. Then* lje put bis hand up to his throat, as if labouring lor brcuth. His voice bad become ouriously hoarse. . "Thi* won't do. I mustn't stand hen doing nothing, like a fool. 1 must do some* I thing. I must find out whstftihe matter with Shapcott." ("to bk oontenukd.J FC-16 