NOTES BY PAKERA. Mowbray Racing Club holds a meet at Newnham this afternoon. Tasmanian Racing Club summer carnival begins on. the picturesque Elwick course on Tuesday. Mr. C. H. Westwood, the popular secretary, and the other officials have been working, hard completing the arrangements, and visitors will find themselves well catered for. There will be three days' racing at Elwick. On Tuesday the bill of fare is to be-Trial Stakes, 'First Hurdle, Summer Handicap, Hobart Cup, Two year-old, and Flying Handicap. On Wednesday, the second, day of the T.R.C. meeting, the events on the programme will be-Selling Race, Second Hurdle, Glenorchy Handicap, Wilson Stakes, Ladies' Bracelet, and Derwent Handicap. . T:he Tasmanian Racing Club summer carnival concludes on Friday, 'when the following races will figure on the card: -Jumpers' Flat, Elwick Stakes, The Tattersall Stakes, The Lord Handicap, Steeplechase, and Farewell Handicap. Hobart Cup and Steeplechase scratch ings must be notified by 4 p.m. to day, or owners. will be liable for the full amount of acceptance. On Friday evening Mr. Monaghan de clared the T.R.C. weights for the first day's racing and Steeplechase. For his victory in the Launceston Cup Eirids dale has been put up 16Ib., which I personally consider is a little more than he deserved, despite the fact that some of the others have been advanced. Ascot has gone up from 8.9 to 8.13, Loch Leigh from 8.5 to 8.7, and Timbrel from 7.7 to 8.2. Guardsman has been dropped from 8.1 to 7.12, The Sirdar from 7.6 to 7.0, Larissa from 7.6 to 6.10, Alberton from 7.0 to 6.7, while The Merry Boy remains at his former weight, 6.7. Eiridsdale certainly won the Launces tori Cup with something to spare, but I hardly think he had 1st. 211b. to spare. Touching the various events in Tues day's bill .of fare at E'lwick, I will venture on selecting the following candidates as likely to fill places: Trial Stakes, The Peeress 1, Risdon 2. Mount Pleasant 3; First Hurdle, Eucal 1, Lena 2, Bombadier 3; Summer Han dicap, Bunyip 1, The Peer 2, Guards man 3; Two-year-old Race, Nikola 1, Starina 2, Progredior 3; Flying Handi cap, The Peer or Bunyip 1, Massena 2, Titanium or The Seaman 3; Hobart Cup, Timbrel 1, Loch Leigh 2, Eirids dale 3. The Tasmanian Turf Club authoritie, have every reason to be satisfied at the weather which favoured the summer meeting, and the attendances were en couraging. The sport was enjoyable, and I mnust congratulate Secretary Valentine and' his merry men on the smoothness of the arrangements. The thanks of the press "brigade are due to the secretary for his attention to their requirements, also to Messrs. G. Sturgess and H.' Hudson for the pains they took to keep pressmen posted with lists of riders and' totalisator re turns. I must not omit a word of praise to veteran ranger Westbrook, who had the lawn looking a veritable picture. Eiridsdale ran a really 'good horse in the Cup, and I never saw the big fellow looking better. His appearance brought forth the admiration of judges of horseflesh, and Doyle deserves every credit for the manner in Which he turned him out for the race. Eirids dale was kept in a handy position most of the journey, and had no difficulty in replying to the momentous question when Payne put it to him. Despite the fact thlat he is a racehorse every inch him, Eiridsdale has not been a lucky performer. Doyle, however, persevered with him, and his patience has been rewarded to some extent at last. I congratulate trainer and rider on the success of the fine animal under their guidance. Tirmbrel up. to a certain weight is a good horse', but I can never imagine him battling out a severe finish under a.heavy impost. With 7.7 up on Wed nesday he ran into second 'place, with the handsome Loch Leigh within a head of him. Timbrel displayed poor public form up to Cup day, but Clare had, him cherry ripe then, and he acquitted himself well. He is pounds below Eiridsdale, however, as a race horse. I like the appearance of Mr. Miller's purchase, Loch Leigh. He comes of a good stock, his sire, Lochiel, being one, of the most successful in the Austra!) asian list. On Wednesday under 8.5 he ran a close third in the Cup, and may possibly do better at Elwick. Guardsman, another' importation, had 8.1 in the saddle, and finished fourth. This hlorse I should fancy would be seen to more advantage over a shorter distance; so would Ascot. Ashton is a serviceable-looking son of Carbine. He only did the one run in Tasmania, and then was serit back to Melbourne. The Sirdar was next door to left at the barrier when.the field went away for the Cup, and did not appear.to me to be dangerous at any jiart of the race. Larissa was not suited bythe distance, and Alberton played up dt'the barrier, and ran unkindly, ultiihately finishing last but one. Jimmy Quiff is hardly a Cup horse, still Mr. Chas. Krushka showed Ihnmself a genuine sportsman by keeping him. in, and thus adding one more to the field. Each candidate in an race, it must be remembered helps to make the sport all the more interest ing, and swell the funds of the club: The Merry Boy, who was regarded b7 nmany as a :hopeless back number. ran a good race, and had Mr. Southerwood scored a victory with him I am sure the success would not have been be grudged him. The absence of Alborak was regrettable, all the more so as it is reported his scratching was thile result of a split hoof. Had the son of Meteor -Lady Fisher faced the barrier on Wednesday he probably would have started favourite. Whether he would have succeeded in downing Eiridsdale, however, is a question. The Sydney filly Reel, purchased by) Mr. S. Green, has arrived in Melbourne, and will be trained for her autumn en gagements by J. Fielder. Subsequent to the Victorian campaign she will pro bably return to Sydney to take part in the carnival at Randcwick in April. The speedy Riverina mare, Patna, who 'is engaged in the Newmarket Handicap at 6.12, and won easily at Aspendale 'Park on Saturday, has changed hands. She has been sold for 200 sovs., and a "contingency of 100 sovs. out of her first win, to the gentle man who races under the name of Mr, J. -M. Roberts. Patna will continue to be trained at Caulfield. A considerable reduction was' made on Monday in the ,fields for the New market Handlicap and Australian Cup, but in view of the fact that no wagering of note had prior to Monday afternoon taken place, the declaration of first acceptances was not of great signifi cance. Although there were many there were no important withdrawals, but more attention is likely to be given to the lists on the Monday before the Newmarket Handicap and the Thurs day before the Australian Cup, when: second forfeits are due. At present it appears as if the fields in each race will be of satisfactory dimensions. Thirteen remained in the St. Leger Stakes, and the list is likely to be a3n siderably reduced before the d?d¶l of the race. In any event, some of the "content contingent" can have no chance on form against Merriwee and Parthian, and perhaps Scorn, as the best of the St. Albans team. Mr. R. C. Field has a good colt in Nikola, who is by the Chester horse Chesterman, out of Mabel, dam of The Muff, Thelma, and The Bonde. Mabel was bred by the late T. W. Field in 1882, and is by Manuka, out of Impu dence. Nilola appropriated the Inver esk Stakes on Wednesday with ease, and under 9.3 won the Two-year-old Handicap on Thursday as he pleased. His success should, act as a good adver tisement for the Chesterman stock. Ascot proved his ability over a mile and a quarter' on Thursday by winning the T.T.C. Handicap somewhat easily. Last year this race was won by Timbrel, who carried 8.0, and cut out the distance in 2.13. On Thursday Ascot had 8.7 up, and his time was 2min. 141/2sec. Timbrel had donly 31b. inore to carry in this year's T.T.C. Handi cap, so he apparently had hardly the speed this year he showed last. Ascot seemed to me to win easily, and his performance is likely to send his price up for the Hobart Cup. Hercules proved himself a capable fencer in the Steeplechase, and the foot was also forthcoming when wanted. Platypus,who was made a hot favourite, was a d.isappointment, and Alveston's bit got astray ,to such an extent the jockey could not control him, so the son of Creswick refused to tackle a single fence, walking off at the first. Old Barrington got third, and Eucal, who ran wide up the rise,, was second. Rapid and' The Seaman both per formed well during the meeting, each scoring a couple of victories. The bill of fare, prepared by the La trobe Turf Club, for St. Patrick's Day was announced in the "Examiner" during the. week. There are six events, namely, Maiden Hurdle, Latrobe Turf Club Handicap, Handicap Hurdle, Dis trict Purse., Steeplechase, and Flying Handicap. The prize money' for the Latrobe Handicap is 35 sovs.,' and for the Steeplechase 40 sovs. Nominations close with Secretary Boa'twright at 8 p.m. on March 1. The Deloraine Turf Club has given £10 to the Imperial patriotic fund. This is an example which others clubs should follow. The Easter Monday programme of the Deloraine Turf Club has been arranged as follows:-Maiden Hurdle, £25; Trial Stakes, £25; Handicap Hurdle, £50; Deloraine Handicap, £75; Handicap Steeple, £75; Flying Handicap, £25: Total. £275. AI?ospital has been erected in France for the treatment of jockeys and others who, in pursuit of callings connected with the turf, may meet with accidents. The site of the building has been given by the' French Jockey Club, which has also 'granted the sum of £10,000 to wards its*erection, the latter contri bution coming from the profits derived from the Par-i- mutuel, or totalisator. In the neighbourhood of 300 years ago one of the parishioners of Esher, in Surrey, .e'queathed to the parish church the site now occupied by the Sandown Park racecourse, from which the greater part of the parochial rie venue is derived. . Some of the parishioners have a decided objection to the source from which the church funds are obtained, and a movement is now afoot to sell the land, of which there is upwards of 750 acres, for £12,000, and invest the money in 2½ per cent. annuities. * Tod Sloan, the American jockey, on gaged in a fight wlth two French jockeys at the Auteuil race track, the scene of the famous Royalist manifes tations against President Loubet. Tle subject of discussion was the recent Driscoll-Charleman fist v. foot match; Sloan, who' was present, contending that the decision awarding the victory to the French champion was. unfair. The Frenchmen resented this, and hence the blows. Tod rather bested his antagonists, using his, walking stick freely. Each. of the jockeys was ined £-20 by the board of managers of the race track. The London "Sportsman" says:'--It has been finally decided that the risk of training Aurum would he too great, and Trenton's best son will acco01dingly return from Foxhill to 'the Cobham stud, where he will stand next season at a fee of 50 guifieas. The extraor dinary racing merit of Aurum has never been dispute'd; indeed, many good judges believe him to be the best horse ever bred . in Australia. As Trenton has 'been full for several months past, and some breeders who wanted subscriptions have failed to get them, Aurum retires finally to the stud at a very opportune moment, and will no doubt come in for plenty of patronage. A man is said to have started for : Kempton Park in the May of 1890 with only £10 not.s in his pocket. In the course of the morning he was un expectedly repaid an old debt in the form of a .E£1000 note. Before the start for the Jubilee Stakes, wishing to back Amphion, who started at 12 to 1, 'he gave, as he thought, one of his £10 notes to a bookmaker, saying, "I want you to lay me. the odds against Amphion to.this note in ready money." His surprise may be imagined when, ,'on going to be paid after the race, the bookmaker, instead of giving him, as he expected, £130, gave him his own bank note for £1000, and a cheque for !£12,000, with an apology for not hav ing the full amount in ready cash to hand. over. Writing of an excellent food for horses, Consul Hughes, of Coburg, says:-"Potato bread is used by the natives of Thuringia to feed their horses, especially when they are work ing hard in cold weather. The ani mals thrive on it, and their health and strength are excellent. The method of preparation is simple and inexpen sive. The potatoes are slowly stewed until they are soft; they are then mashed thoroughly, and an equal quan tity of corn meal is added. It is mixed into a thick paste with a small pluantity of salt. The paste is then .divided into 41b. loaves, and allowed to bake until thoroughly done. In the slow country ovens it generally takes from 15 to 18 hours. When cold they are fed to the horses and cattle doing heavy work at the iate of four loaves a day. Mr. J. O. Inglis, who will be remem bered as the owner of Malua, met with several hostile demonstrations at the South Australian Jockey Club's Box ing Day meeting. Mr. G. Watson, the club's starter, who was unable to be present, recommended that Mr. Inglis should take charge, of the bar rier, which was approved. Lady Mel bourne, in a field of 16, secured an ad vantage of eight lengths at the start of the Welter Race, and ran home an easy winner; and when anolther bad start was effected in the Hurdle Race the crowd was particularly rough on Mr. Inglis; groans and hisses breaking .out again when it was known that one rider had been fined £2 for imperti nence to the starter. The Adelaide "Observer" states that, owing to the bad starting, nearly £1400 was paid into the totalisator on two races for which the investors had not a ghost .of a chance of winning, and .that Mr. Inglis is not likely to quickly forget his visit to Adelaide. Just before the last race at a subur ban meeting a gentleman who was collecting for the patriotic fund asked a well-known bookmafer for a sub scription (says "Javelin"). More in sorrow than in anger, the metallician said, as he handed over a sovereign, "I must say you've picked a nice time to ask for donations, when four first favourites have rolled home one after another, and everything else with a chance has been tied up." "Well," replied the collector candidly and truthfully, "I've tried the four winning owners, and as each one swore that he had let his horse run 'loose,' and couldn't afford a bean, I thought it was a fair thing to try the ring." "Yes," responded the man with the bag, "they call us a bad lot, but they know where to come to with their ,little tambourine, Whether the wind's blow ing fair or foul." And in justice to the much-maligned ringmen, it must be admitted that he wasn't far wide of the mark. 