? ? i Lti I 'inr ? , — A ROGUE AND HIS 'MONKEY.' ?? It is a moat, extraordinary thing, Mr. Solomans. ? but tlio £500 bank-noto I put in to the safo this morning hos.disappearad.' ' You don't say »o, sir. ' Doar mo, how unfortunate, ond how unpleasant for us al-1. Of oourao, tho keys lmvo novor loft your . ? ? tfiMi lnnlrnri tlio noto UD?' ? ' NoV6r for a montent, Solomana,' said | ? Mr. Itieharda, tho Manchester Wyor, as lio : regarded liis mean-looking ohiof clerk with j tho utmost perploxity from which' suspicion j was entirely absent. ' It iB quite bowildor lng. My duplicato set is at homo. Besides, | I do not seo how any thiof could get at tho i -aafo in tho. daytime,' whon wo aro all busy | around it. The look doe3 not appear to liavo ( boon tampered with, tho contents aro un- j disturbed, but tho note iB gone. , ?' Pardon me, air, perhaps you novor put , it in there nt all) Forhaps you will find it in your pocket-book all aafo and Bound. ' Don't talk foolishncBS, Solomons,' cried his employer crossly. Nevertheless hi: drow out Ilia wallot and oxamincd its contents with great deliberation. Ho soarched all his pockets, und'tumed out his private desk. | ? -? Tush !' lio c:: claimed, 'what an aaa.l am 1 Don't I know quite well - that I placed it carefully in nuo of the drawers of tho safe, and!nowliere olso ?' 'Umph!' Tho clerk ran tho tip of his penholder through hia fluffy hair and looked dreadfully concerned on liis employer's account. ' Let's tako out tho drawer,' said lie with an air of inspiration, 'and sco if tho note has «lippe(l behind it.' ? . This was done, and tlio intorior of tho safo taken to pieces as far as was possible; every nook and corner of tho office was cleared out, but the missing ' monkey ' — to adopt the phraseology of ' Captain Ooo ' was not to bo discovered. ? '. It is a mystery,' said tho solicitor gloom ily, as ho sat down exhausted by his oxor tions; ' and I would not liavo it occur in this Otioo for double the money.' I ' Of course you have tlio number of t tho 1 nato V queried Solomans eagerly. ' Juat so. 1 Well, wo inuat atop it at once, and— would you like mo to call in tho police, air ?'' ' Certainly not,' returned Mr. Hicliards sharply. ' I do not for an instant suspect any ono here. We must, of course, give in formation to tho authorities. But I do not wish to have any fuss made. It docs not do a lawyer any good for hiB clients to hear that ho has been robbed, or so careless as to loose a valuable document.' ' Well, sir, I shan't feci comfortable or. happy till we find out what lias become of it. 1 Why, it -is for all tho world like a bft of magic.' 1 ' It is beyond my comprehension. But get , on with those costs in the Siinmonds matter. I I should like him to have the account in to- , morrow.' . - I Mr. Richards forgot— or perhaps ignored is tho hotter word in tho connection— tlio fact that after returning to tlio office from his lunch ho invariably fell asleep in his . otiair- for a good 20 minutes. It was a mild form of mania with him to stoutly deny that ho over did anything of ihf; kind. This practice was, of course, well known to Solo- . mans, and on tho day in question, finding himsolf alone in the office for a few moments »he had mado himself possessor of tho uncou- ; scious man's keys. Like a flush ho opened tho safo, secured tho note, made all again Boeuro, and slipped the bunch back into tho pocket wliero the attornoy always carried it. ? In tho privacy of his own hpartmont that , .night Solomans producod tlio crisp noto from where ho had most cunningly hid it about his person. ' You'ro a beauty,' said ho, as ho flat tened it out, ' but gold is bottor looking, and gold you will havo to bo turned into my pretty one whon tho right timo comes. You ( must 'go to the races, for it is only on. tho busy courso that you can be changcd with safety.' He placed it in a small, tightly-fitting tin hox. This ho wrapped in several-turns of ' oil-skin. Tho wholo lie dropped into a shallow tank, which stood on aledgojust outside his own window^ ' Now, tlio U0D01CS can eumu uuu =L-.uu. here till they are blind. Tlioy will nover think of looking into our cistern for a bank note,' complacently mused lie, as lie made himsolf ' fetching ' for his evening prom enado at tho Gaiety. Solomans allowed a little timo to pass beforo 'letting his monkey havo a climb for its monoy,' as ho termed it. In the meanwhile ho had become confidential with a eouplo of sporting . mechanics who very much preferred to play for something than to work for it. It is a fancy not by any means confined to ono class of tho social scale. j ' Look here,' said ho ono evening to this pair, Swalo and .Huggins by names, ' if you ♦ two like to go to the races to-morrow I can put you on to two good things, and if you smash a £500 note for me with any of the bookmakers you shall have 50 quid a-picce. | t,or bless you! the big bookies don't think . anvthing of charging' what they call 4 a monkey.' You bad best be well togged, you I know, and put on a nice free and independent, air.' Mum's the word, aud when you get tho ' stuff,' hold it firm. Tho. commission, defi^htcd Swale and Huggins imbibed with new and alarming gusto at tho prospect of it. ? Naturally enough the first bookmaker they attempted jo negotiate «iwi u | welchcr. He took the measure of his men at once. -He nipped off bin chair, joined them, and drew them away from the crowd. 'What do you think I am made of ?' demanded ho. ' Putty, mud, or tea leaves ? If I'd 500 shiners in my kick I should not have been on tbat perch. Look here. Have you any ready ? A couplc of quid will take us into the enclosure. Once there I'll put a bit on for you with ono of tho leviathans, and he'll smash the note for us like a bird.' The necessary funds wero scraped to gether among them. Once inside, the weigher cried, ' Ah, there's tho red hot 'wn ! I'll do tho biz with him.' He made a bet of £5 with this prominent member of Tatteraall's ring, and returned to tlio two workmen with £495 in change, which .lio handed to Swale. The three were now 'hand in glovo 'for the day. Tlio stranger in troduced his now acquaintances to his old friends, who showed a robust .desire to make vory, free with them and their belongings. 'At last, and just before the final race, thoy ? raised a cry of 44 welchers ' against Swalo and Huggins, who after being stripped and '' teemed ' —that, is, turncu on tneir neuaB until hot a fraction remained about them— wero so cruelly used that it did not seem likely thoy would over again see Manchester, j After a little, however, they did manago to ( reach/home, whero Solomans, whito with uuxiety, was eagerly looking for tbem, and the produce of ' tho monkoy'a climb.' Tho tale thoy had to tell mude him both sick and wrathful. It was in his heart to treat them to a volley of astonishing adjectivos, but he remembered that,' after all, ho was in their power, and must grin aud bear this collapse . of all hia grand schemes. | ' The only thing wo can do now is to keop it dark,' said ho. ' Don't either of you, on any account, let on that I ever gave you a 'monkey' to change.' ? ' We shall bo careful enough,' roplicd Swalo sullenly, ** but I reckon wo havo got blows and bruises just in trying to do your bit of business for you, and you'll have to keop us going till we aro lit for work again.' Solomans remonstrated and' raved/ alt to no purpoao. Tho blackmailing pair wont away with a fiovcroign caoh for immediate needs, and they promised to soon ropcat their calls on htmself and his exchequer. The bookmaker who had changcd tho ill gotton noto soon had information that it 'was stoppedt but he had no difficulty in putting' the'polico on to tho welshor from whom ho had rocoivcd it This worthy, in his turn, told hio talc, and tho authorities kept him for many days journoying about thtj highways and Blums of Manchester in tho hope that ho might mcot with and identify Swalo or Hug* I gins, or both. I Curiously enough, Fate preserved th« i mechanics from being seen by tho ono in | search of them. Often thoy wore closo to I one another; twice they were all drinking in | tho same spirit vaults, and yet never came i faco to faco. j ' The news that tho authorities were on tho I track of his money of courso rcachod Mr. 1 Richards, and ho began to hope that at last I the mystery of ita disappearance would be ! cleared, Solomans also heard tho tidings , and ho was thrown into a series of cold I sweats. Ho was in abjcct terror for hiB J liberty. He decidcd that there was no courso so safo for him as flight. ' But he would not go empty-handed. » Tho mero temporary possession of that monkey '—which ho now anathematised with much increased vigour — had whetted hiB greed for more. His avarico was' after all keener than his des perate fear. He would mako otic more bril liant coup and then vanish from the legal circles of Manchester and of England for ever. . ! His rather elaborate plans required a few days to perfect, and he was in a state of tho most awful. dread all the time. Mr. Rich ards was in London, and having tho coast clear Solomans, looking as bold as brass and as innocent as butter, called on the manager of his employer's bank. He was well-known to the gentleman, being really a more fre quent visitor to tho establishment than the . lawyer himself. ' I Ho explained that Mr. Hicliards waa out of town, and that they had .a settlement for | a client on tho following morning over some house property, tho amount required being , £1,500. t He had just learned that this client ! would hot bo able to arrive with the capital quito in -time. Fearing some such contin- I gency, Mr. Richards beforo going away had left his life policy and other securities, with i full authorisations for Mr.' Solomans to! pledge them with tho bank for the loan of the sura named for a few days. I They had done such things for Mr. Rich ards before. Tho documents seemed to bo j in perfect ordor. Witli hardly any hesitation tho manager told tho cashier to hand over to Solomans £1,500. The little rascal would much htfve liked to have taken ii all in gold, but he feared such a request might at tho final moment excito Hlisnieion nnd brin/r him nnrn morn tn irrinf. Still, he got tho bulk in specie and tho rest in notes of £20. Once outside the bank with his plunder 3afo his sangfroid deserted him. His faco broko out mtoa rash, and ho couldonly think of ono thing, and it was how to get away quick enough. Hoping to steady himself with brandy, ho turned into the first tavern he reached, and there he came upou Swale and Huggins, ' Hullo! ' cricd the latter, ' wo was just agbingto givo you a reminder. Why, what's the matter with you? Havo you got tho fever, or havo you seen a ghost? ' ' Neither. You both take my advico and get out of Manchester as quick as you can. If you stay here you are sure to be recog nised, and there will be trouble. Go to Lon don — go anywhere. Here's money for you. It'stlie last, and the best you'll ever get from me.' To their delight and amazement, ho handed them four notes of £20 cueh. 'Those aro all right,' declared he. 44 I havo only just received, them ovei tho bank counter. My nameisWalkcr,' ho concluded, hurriedly, ' you won't see me again — ' Why can't wo all thrco go together? ' cricd Swale, who smelt more monoy from whero the new twenty pounders had coma. 41 You must bo mad!' was Soloman's withering reply, and Btrnightway ho dis - appeared from the place. An unlooked-for mattor called Mr. Richards back to Manchester that afternoon, and it also took him to tho bank. A brief conversation with him showed tho managor that tho policy and the other documents on which £1,500 had been advanced wero worthless forgeries — excellent specimens of the nefarious art, but as securities valueless. There was a greater demand for the plaus ible Mr. Splomans that night than had ever before been the ease. All over the country the police kept a hot and an active look out for him, Mr. Huggins received a visit from the same inquiring gentry as he was rioting in a tripe supper with friends who were not of his own family. Earlier in the evening ho had changed one of tho twenty-pound notes in a tavern, saying that ho had just received tho insurance money on his wife's death. On making a search at his lodgiugs a twenty-pound noto was found in the chim ney, and as much in looso cash in a drawer. Then Swale was captured, and tho welsher identified them as' being the gcuts who had come to him on the racecourso desirous of changing 41 a monkey.' Solomans was arrested just as he was about to step on board an Atlantic liner disguised as aii old woman, a character liis features suited very woll. The oddest thing perhaps about this queer caso is that tho little rogue only got eighteen months' imprisonment, while Huggins and Swale were sentenced to. six and four each respectively. ' Quite enough for a blooming monkey, too,' Solomans protests to this very day. 