CHI-CHEE. A STORY OF THE RISING IN CHINA. " Cni-CHEEheartee breakeee." ' "I'saw you take it, you false swearing rogue !" .;.*'Chi-Chee never robbee people he lovée," replied the Chinaman, with a smile which threatened to sever his pigtail. ' . "Give me the money, or I'll knock your head off !" shouted his master, threateningly. "Killee, killee, killee Chi-Chee; please killee Chi-Chee. But I never take the money!" screamed the yellow man in piteous accents-, falling on his ,face upon the floor of the kitchen. . Mr. 'Clisson made a gesture of mingled amusement and disgust,~and went away, leaving Chi-Chee still kneeling upon the floor waiting for his death-blow. When.tbe yellow man looked up he scrambled to his feet with a very delected air, and looked round him. Satisfied that.no one was watching him, he took off his left shoe and pulJçiJtthree silver coins out of the toe, smiling iii a deprecating sort of way as he did so. ' ' ' The next moment a pair of strong arms seized him round the neck, fairly squeezing the breath' out of his windpipe. He fell in a heap on the -floor and looked np at Mr. Glisson in abject terror. But the next moment his presence of mind returned to him. "Foundee money, Mr. Clisson,'' said he, with one of his most osten- tatious smiles. "Get up, yon son of a dog,"re- plied his master, giving him a nudge with his foot. "You can take the money as your wages, and go." Go ! Chi-Chee go I Leave a place where he could Bteal more than he was paid ? The idea was more than disconcerting ; it had every horror in it. Chi-Chee had something which is rare among his people-a tempër. True, his use for it was limited and unprofessional ; he could not strike nor. use abusive language in" his'passions," they were too inward. The only indication of his temper .was that he dropped his pigeon English and yapped elo- quently in his native tongue. " Son of the Stars, send not thy vile scum of a servant' away from this thy Celestial abode of peace and joy !" he jabbered; . " Make me thy doormat, wipe up the duBt of the earth with my unholy and con- temptible carcase. But send me not beyond thy threshhold. . .There is no peace for me where thou art not." "You go! I've had enough and to spare of your thieving ways," Mr. Clisson replied, in the best Chinese he coald command. '"O Warmth of the Sun," mur- mured Chi-Chee, "thou canst not send me from thee. Let me live under the sole , of thy exquisite boots ; let me curse my grandparents in the name of thy perfect lady, let dogs uproot the bodies of-my father and mother, if I do not lovo thee more than the Empress Queen." " That's enough ! Do your cursing and body-snatching outside, if it's all the same to you." "Look how I adore those.Sparks of i Fire, thy "children !" persisted Chi-Chee. "I cannot,li ve beyond the' verandah of thy house. This vile scum will die, rot, and be dissi- pated Jo the four winds, if you turn him away." " Go on," said Mr. Glisson, getting thei yellow man between himself and' the door, and attempting to hustle him out of the apartment. Chi-Chee fixed a startled gaze at some imaginary object ont, in the open space at the back of the house, and while Mr. Clisson was looking out of the window to discover what tho object might be, Chi-Cheo picked np two spoons off the table and Blipped them into bia pocket. This piece of strategy accom- plished, he sank his head upon his chest, and, dragging his feet wearily after him, slunk out of the house. Mr. Clisson . watched him pass down the road until he arrived at an opium den, which he entered hurriedly. . ",Mr. Glisson." ... " He looked in the opposite direc- tion, and saw a young Englishman coming towards him. "Hullo, Brook. Where did you spring from ?" ."$owhere in particular; but everywhere in general, as far as I can . judge. ' I've been to practically «very European in Tientsin this morning, and was coming to see you. The Boxers are np." " They generally are," Mr. Clisson replied, smiling. M If they are not doing one thing, they are planning something else." " But I am afraid ifs serious this time. They've been on an organised march now for some time, and no- body, seems to have had any know- ledge of the fact. There is no pos- sible doubt that they have the moral support of Pekin, and it only re- quires a little lighting between them and the Europeans to pot the army in their van." " Upon what are they marching ?" " Tientsin, for one objective. And there is little chance of-moving out in any. direction than to Pekin, and-" ; "That's as dangerous as remaining here, of course. Very Budden up- rising, isn't it ?" !."No. You see the movement has been in plan some time, but every step' has . been kept dark by the authorities aa far as possible.,. It is not until now, when they, are prac- tically at our doore,;that we are offi- cially warned." "Then thé danger is imminent." .. "An ugly feature ia that the forts atTakn have been heavily garrisoned within the last few days," he said. " That means that Pekin intends to resist any European force which may attempt to move to the relief of Tientsin, and also to support the movement." " We can do nothing, I suppose." "Nothing but wait evehts, and clean any firearms you may have. If you have any more than you can use, you can pass them to those who are short.' They'll be wanted, I reckon. I'll look round again if I hear of anything fresh." Mr. Brook* went on his way, and Mr. Clisson went into the house, and, seeking his young wife, told her by degrees of the danger, that threatened. '.' ? The day wore on, and night be- gan to descend. Rumors were travellingoverTientsin apace., Some- one had heard the sound of distant firing; someone else had caught sight of . a great , glare in the reflected darkening.. Some- one had come into the. town with news of the bombard- ment of Tuku forts by the fleets of Europe. Everyone had a rumor of his own, which no one.else credited. There was no mistaking, however, that an evil wind was springing np ; the truth was to be seen in the face of every yellow man who met a European ; a look of low, crafty ex- ultation lit up every yellow face, and the teeth that showed behind the grey lips, parted in smiles, seemed to flash a threat. The very air seemed heavy with the sense of impending danger, as if the slightest incident might set the heavens a-fire. Not many of the two hundred odd Europeans were to be seen in the streets ; the majority preferred to remain indoors, lest the look of fear which ' they could not keep from their faces should add fear to the troubled hearts of others, and fan ? the spirit of revolt which was only too apparent in the natives of the town. The night came down,' dark, threatening; and sullen. The hush which crept over Tientsin seemed the stillness that precedes a mighty crash of thunder. The town waB I waiting, wondering from which ' direction the first sound of danger would come. Mr. Clisson got np from the table at which he had been'sitting, vainly trying to write,.'and went to the door. -Little parties of whispering natives lounged in the shadows. A deathly stillness hung over every- thing. His attention was presently at- tracted to a group of four tall natives, lolling in the shadow of his house ; and as he recognised one of the figures it stepped towards him, and grinned aa only Chi-Chee knew how to grin. < "What are you doing here ?" Mr. Clisson inquired, the , ghost of ra suspicion in his mind. "The evil day has come to this vile dog because you sent him from yon," Chi- Chee replied in his own tongue. '< " What evil day ?" "When this contemptible and low-born offspring of a wild dog must' see his friends and masters, the choice fruit of the earth, whose breath is like the sweetness of flowers, cut down before his very eyes." "You think so, Chi-Chee ?" " Lord of the Earth and King of the heart of the most noble lady that ever breathed of life, listen," said Chi-Chee. "Take me back into thy service, i and I will, gladly give my life to serve and save thee, should the evil hour arrive.' I have been talking with, some noble brothers, who will help yon. ' Master of my contemptible body and will, take us, I pray thee, into thy house, and let us lose our lives in serving thee.*? " I om afraid I cannot accept quite so much responsibility," re- plied Mr. Clisson -with a scornful smile. " Ia that Chi ?" eaid a voice over his shoulder. 'He turned, and gave a warning glance to h¡B wife. Chi-Chee grinned more broadly than ever at the beautiful young woman. "Bloom of the lilies, beseech the master to take back again this vile worm, that I may help to serve you when the danger comes," said ,the yellow man. " Trust a native as you would a viper," whispered Mr. Clisson to his wife in French. " Chi is good at heart, I believe," she replied. " Such faith is suicidal ut such a time as this, if acted upon," he re- turned. "No; I'll not-take you in. .My fellow countrymen aro coming in their thousands to pro- tect us, and to clear ott: the face of the earth such things aB yon, if harm comes to uti." "I think you're un j nat to him," Mrs. Clisson said. " What's that ?" The crack of a rifle sounded in the distance, in the direction of the open country. It was immediately repeated,' and the repetition was taken up sharply by dozens of other rifles. Chi-Chee's grin faded away, and with a sign to his three friends, who stood silently by, he dashed into the house, with them closely following him. Mr. Clisson caught him round the waist and sought to oppose his pas- sage. But it was in vain. The four natives swept into the house and closed the entrance door behind them, locking and barring it in- stantly. Mr. Clisson rushed into the front room and picked up one of three revolvers from the table. " Stop !" cried his wife. " Don't yon see that they are here to protect ns ? Their very presence in this house condemns them in the Boxers' eyes ; and this is the sacrifice they are making for ns." " Mr. Clisson paused to the logic. But in_a..moment he saw further than she did. " Yes, but if they do their worst with us before the Boxers arrive, they will have nothing to fear." "Light of the Sun," cried Chi Chee, " we are your watchdogs." Mr. Clisson looked at his wife un- easily. The possible clanger within his house seemed to him worse than the probable danger from without ; b'ut it was irremovable now. To turn these men out into the street again was more than he could do if they had ill intentions ; and if they had not, then, for the hope of life and honor, let them stay. Bathe had little faith in Chinese loyalty and heroism. Meantime the firing seemed to be going round to a point of the. out- skirts of the town further away; but it had slackened, and it was per- fectly manifest that the fighting force was a considerable one. Âfter a time the four men threw themselves upon the floor close to- gether, and made pretence to sleep. Presently Mrs. Clisson crept out of the room, with a warning glance at her husband, who made an attempt to resume his writing. A second, or two later Chi-Chee woke and crept out of the room. Mr. Clisson followed him down the passage into the kitchen. ...fîChi-Çhee makee cookee food,',' said the Chinese, with his inevitable smile. Mr. Clisson watched him distrust- fully, for some time, but,. being satisfied with the way Chi-Chee went about his occupation,he sought hiB wife. She was upstairs dressing the two fair-haired children. "We must get to the Consulate somehow," he said. " We onght to have gone straight there. We cannot hope to hold out here if attacked, much less if,.as I Buspcct, these heathens have evil desiguB." "Very.well," she replied quietly. " I shall be ready in ten minutes." - " As yon come into the room, pick up one of the revolvers," he said ; "and do not hesitate to use it, if occasion arises." He went downstairs again. Chi Chee was still .busy in the kitchen, and the other three were still asleep on the floor, just as he had left them.. _t ' "I < Mr. Cliseon pushed one of the re- ' volverá to a cornt-r «if the table, ?where his wife could pick it np as Bhe entered the room without attract- ing attention. Soon she came down, and with the revolver hidden ia the folds of her skirt, she sank into a chair, and smiled bravely at her husband, who , was occupying himself in tying up a few papers and putting them into his pocket. When he had done this, he called Chi-Chee, who came into the room smiling craftily. "We are going to the British Consulate," said Mr. Clisson, whereat the three slumberers awoke and lis- tened attentively. " If you care to come with your friends, I can pro- mise you protection from the Boxers. If not, you can remain here." " You must not go away," replied Chi-Chee, at which the three Chinese wriggled into sitting pos- . tures. "Why not? We shall be safe there until our countrymen arrive." "The dog-faced infidel who calls Chi-Chee a thief shall not see safety," returned Chi-Ohee.. The three Chinese scrambled to their feet, and stood watching Mn Clisson, who picked up a revolver in' each hand. » iroTâàJ ggjss^JB - . "j " Clarice," he said, turning, pale but calm, to his wife; "fetch tho children, will you ?" Chi-Chee made a s'ep towards him, at which he raised his revolver, and unhesitatingly pulled the trigger. It clicked ominously, and the yellow faces grinned. Mr. Clisson understood instantly why Chi-Chee had drawn him out of the room ¡ that the others should extract the cartridges from the re- volvers. . Clisson clenched his teeth,, and took the revolvers by the barrels to use them as life-preservers. He Btruck Chi-Chee, who rushed at him, on the jaw and laid him low. Another rushed at him, and reeled to the floor, groaning, with a crack in his skull. The other two were waiting to disentangle knives from their belts, and then they rushed at him with the fury of wild beasts. Clisson sprang asida, and, as ihe did so, aimed a heavy blow at the Chinese nearer him, but the blow glanced oil the fellow's head, merely tearing the cartillage of his ear, which only maddened him. By this time Chi-Chee had re- covered himself, and Clisson had three desperate savages to face, and he was hampered by the presence of his wife, who ran screaming into the room. " Seize her," said one of the men. to Chi-Chee, and .the ex-servant at once acted on the advice. Beating off, with the revolver ia his left hand, the blows aimed at him, Clisson succeeded in backing towards Chi-Chee, and by an adroit movement felled him to the fkunv But at the same moment one of his antagonists wounded him in the left arm, rendering it useless. Mrs. Clisson, freed of Chi-Chee,. picked up the lamp and flung it with, considerable force into the face of the Chinese who was just in the act of getting his knife between her husband's ribs; and the next, moment, with clothing aflame, he had sprung through the window and gone howling down the street. The lightly constructed house was also in flames in a moment, and the remaining yellow face, pale to sickly white, had fled after his flaming brother. " Look out !" cried Mr. Clisson, as Chi-Chee staggered to his feet at her side. " Get out oÇ_ the house and make for the Consulate ! I'll, see to tho children." Terrified by the flames, she rushed into the pas- sage, but she could not consider the instinct of self-preservation while she could hear her babies crying up- stairs. The Glissons' was one of the few houses in Tientsin built with two floors, and in circumstances like the present the top storey was nothing but a- death trap, and by the time she had hugged the children to her bosom and returned to the landing her sight could not penetrate the flames and smoke rising np from the staircase. But she went bravely down, a child under eacharm,restinguponher hip3. At the third step from the bottom, the stairs gave way under her. But Mr. Clisson was there to catch h ir ; and he dragged her out into the fresh air, where Mr. Brook and two Europeans were standing calling to know iE they could be of any assist- ance. " Yes ; take them to the Consulate for the love of heaven !" cried " Clisson, scorched and faint.i "I'll follow in a moment." / They took her away, and got her to thé Consulate in safety with her two children. Clisson dashed back into , the flaming house and fought his way into the sitting-room. "Chi-Chee!" he cried, "where are you?" " O Light of . the Sun, I'm here," replied a weak voice, in Chinese. " Oh, take mercy upon me, and help me away I" Clisson. stooped down and clutched! at the figure at his feet. He caught hold of the smouldering clothes of the Chinese, and dragged him ont into the passage. He stumbled towards the door, but at the threshhold, weak, faint, bleed- ing,' stifled and choking, he' Bank upon his knees, and as he fell Chi Chee pressed a long knife into his master's Bide, up to the hilt, mut- tering a blessing as he did so. And. the next instant the charred remains of the little house fell down upon the two of them, casting a cloud of sparks up into the black hight sky.-From the London Jliua irated Maüi ? 