THE PEESBYTERIAJJ" ASSEMBLY. The annual meetings of the Presbyterian 'Assembly . were commenced at Chalmers Church on Monday night, when the retir ing Moderator, Rev. H. T. Hull, preached an eloquent sermon, basing his remarks on. "The Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in My name, shall teach, you all thing's,' and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you."-John xiv. 26; The sermon was followed by the communion. ' The clerk then reported that no change had taken place in the roll since last an nual meetings. ' . ' The Rev. J. T. Robertson, M.A., moved, and the Rev. Dr. Patoh seconded-"That the Rev. W. Gray, of ' Jamestown; be moderator for the ensuing, year." The motion "was carried. The newly-elected moderator thanked the Assembly for the distinction conferred upon him. . On the motion of the Rev. R. Mitchell, seconded by the Rev. G. C. Love, the re tiring moderator was heartily thanked for his services during the past year. Messrs. Laycock,' Goodfellow, & Co., of' London, have forwarded a cable message to Mr. P. Goodfellow, their representative in South Australia, authorising him to in vest capital in mining leases in South Aus tralia. In .the course of a few weeks in spections of properties will be made on be half- of an English syndicate. ' Messrs; Wyld & Friedmann, who have brought to Australia a series of biograph pictures depicting scenes and incidents of the war in South Africa, were passengers, "by the R.M.S. Orizaba. Messrs. Fitzgerald Bros, are .the proprietors of the company, which will open in Sydney in about a fort night, and after a season at that place they will tour throughout Australasia. The pictures comprise 75 scenes, depicting bril liant cavalry charges and other stirring deeds of war. Mr. Wyld states that the company had 25 men at the front with General Buller, forming the only biograph camp on the field. The Warwick Publish ing Company sent out a man to obtain representations of scenes of the same kind, but he was killed. The entertainment is a literal reproduction of that which is at the present time drawing a full house at the Palace Theatre of "Varieties in London. Mr. Tom Fitzgerald follows the Biograph Company in the Himalaya, and is bringing with him, a circus company, 