NOVEL. CAPTAIN CLOSE. Bi CAPTAIN CHARLES KING. CHAPTER VII.— (Continued). This did not prohibit the men from buy ing what tio Walton servants offered for silo outside the fence, and if they were to straitonod in. circumstances they might bs glad to find a market for their surplus produce even among the Yankee invaders, provided Madam Walton wore kept in ignoranec 01 cne traUic. one was uncom promising. No intercourse with, no re cognition of, the barbarians, was her rule to kith and kin, and tho fen' negroes who still hung about the crumbling old place repeated her words with tho fear born of long-continued discipline under her roof and rod in the days of their enforced and unquestioning s;rvitude. These and other items of information as to bis sunoundings the young lioutonnut hud obtained from Serjeant Burns in the courte of their evening watch together. Ho bad no -other means of studying tbe situation, Mid was bat one of the many new and comparatively inexperienced officers tin own upon their own resources at isolated posts among the States lately in rebellion.' Not yet twenty-four hours on duty with his company, lie had been ordered to proceed with an armed force to the succour of officers of law supposably besieged by a rebellious mob, and noiv, at midnight, in tho hourt of a strange country and far from rko heart of its people ho was commanding officer of his company and tump, without definite in structions of any kind and only his native common sense In guide him. Laaibert has since told two women — his wife and his mother — how his thoughts wanderod back to the peaceful old home stead in the iar Northland, and the teach ings of his boyhood days, lie made a B'uidy fight agaiBst the feeling of loneli ness that oppressed him. lie wished tbe ?wind did not blow so sulkily, in euch spiteful, vicious puffs. It seemed as thoucrh nature had ivnuhined with nM Lady Walton to give him ungracious wel come to this particularly shady side of the tunny South. The wind ibsolf was whin poring sarcastic end withering remarks to him, liko those the sergeant repeated aa coming from Madam Walton to the de fenceless captain; and even Hume's sense ot Kuliordinntion could not down his im pulse to chuckle over some of them. What would Lambert do or say if the prim and starchy daino were to call upon him, as eh e occasionally had en his superior, driving him at lnst to the refuge of the nethermost depths of his tent, whonc?, as Burns declared, 'the captain couldn't bo induced to come out till the old lady was book inside lur own door ' P . Tho last time lie 'tied up EiggB*— a punishment much reeortod to in tho rough wnr days and those that closely followed thorn, especiully by those ofliccrs who were themselves grnduited frcm tho ranks or the volunteers— n. whs for trespass ou the Walton plow. Tho follow hud climbed tho fence and was pilfering nuiong the old fruit troes wheh naught by Madam Walton. That was bad enough, but lio had beon impudent to her, which was worse. Tho ^nion themsolvcs would probably have duoked him in tho stream — tho oli, self-respecting soldiers, that is — had tho captain not ordered his sum. inary punisuuiuut. Luinbert was wonder ing what estops he should take in the interests of discipline, when ho finally blow out his candle, determined, if a pos tib'e thing to get u- sleep. It was just a quarter-past twelve when he wound hie watch and stowed it under his rude pil low. His rovolvor, the day's purohase, lay, with FOine matches, close at hand, lie had oven placed his snord and holt at tho foot of his cot. The last thine he thought of before dosing his ayes was that he would have to get a lantern on the morrow, even if he bought it of Cohen ; but it was iilso the hut thing ho thought of when tho morrow came. Was it the wind again, whispering ugly things, or tho ghost of Lady Walton, with her acidulated tongue, that roused him, he knew not how many minutes— or hours \- later? Something was whispering, surely. The wind bad been doing a goad deal of that sort of thing all the night long among tho leaves, a good deal of snarling and growling at times, and there was muttered snarling going on around him now. That might be the wind ; but the wind would not trip up over a tent rope and say such blasphemous things about it, even if it did nearly pull the flimsy structure down. In an instant Lambert was wide awake. ? Who's there P' he challenged, sternly. No .answer, — not in words, at least, — but there was sound as of stealthy yet hurried movement, more straining at the ropes on the side nearest the captain's tent, and heavy, startled breathing. ' Who's there P' he repeated, reaching for his revolver. ? Answer, or I. fire.' Then came a mighty strain, a jerk, a stumble and plnngo, the sound as of a heavy fall, foUowed by instant scramble and a rush of footfalls around the rear of camp. Lambert was out of bed and into his boots in half a minute; but in his haste he npset the chair on which la] the matches; and the box went rolling to the floor. Pistol in hand, be darted out into the night, and found it black as Erebus. Quickly he ran to the first sergeant's tent, but Burns was hard to waken after the lony day's work. Once roused, however, he was soon out, lantern in hand, while Lambert hastily dressed, and then to gether they scouted camp. A glance at their tent showed that Biggs and Murphy were still absent. A peep at the watch showed that it was almost two o'clock ; a search around Lambert's tent revealed nothing beyond tbe fact that tie corner peg to which tho tent-fly was guyed was torn from the ground, and the soft, sandy soil showed that heavy boot-heels had made their imprint. Then Burns, still lantern-bearing, want crouching low around the back of Close's tent, while Lambert, with straining eatB, Btood Btock still an instant in front, then, of a sudden, tore like mad through the rousing camp, out past the dim white canvas of the waggons, out past the startled snutry, up the steep pathway to the bard red road beyond, down which he ran on the wings of tho wind till he reached the gateway to the forbidden ground, for a woman's agonised shriek had rung out upon the night, and the sound of blows, of crashing glass, of fierce and desperate struggle, of muttered oaths, of panting, pleading, half-stifled cries, of wild dismay and re newed screams for help, all came crowd ing on the oar from the heart of the Walton placo. CHAPTER VI11. As he rushed around the Southern side of the old house, — the side whence all this uproar proceeded,— Lambor.t came sud denly upon two dim, swaying figures. The one nearest him — that of a man — was clutching, throttling, apparently, a slighter form in white, a woman. The butt of his revolver straightened out the dark figure with one crack, and then for a moment everything was darkneEB and confusion. A lamp, held by some scream ing female at a neighbouring window, was dropped with a crash. The screams sub sided to scurry and chatter and Ethiopian protestations and furious demands : ' Tou JMinor ! you black mggub ! — you let me out this room instantly !' The rush of footsteps to tho window again, and tragic appeals : ' Mamma — ma-am-ma ! Whut's happened P Do answer ! Do make Elinor lot me to you, or Ah'll jump out this window. Ali'in coming now.' And in deed a dim, slender form conld just be descried, arrayed in white, bending low from the casement, when Burns with his lantern came tearing round the corner. Then a majestic voice, imperious even though well-nigh breathless, was heard : ' Kallaorine, return to your bsd instantly. uo you nearr instantly! And send Elinor to me.' That Katherine shot back within the sheltering blinds was possibly due not so much to the impetus given her by those imperative orders as to that imparted by the sight of a pair of shoulder-straps and tho faco of the young officer gazing in be wilderment about him. Well might he bok amazed I At his feet ou the pathway Private Kiggs was sprawling, still half stunned by the blow ho had received. On his back, amidst the wreck of a glass hot. bsd, Private Murphy was clutchine at empty air and calling on all the saints in tho Hibernian calendar to rescue him from the hands of that old beldam. On tho pathway, in a loose wrapper, her bosom heaving with mingled wrath and exhaustion, one hand firmly clutching a stout cane, tho othor clasping together at her white neck the shreds of her torn and dishevelled garb, her dark oyes flashing flro, her lips quivering, stood a woman certainly not fifty years of ago, despite the silver in the bountiful hair streaming down upon her shoulders, and the -deep lines of grief and care1 in her clear-cut and thoroughbred face. She leaned heavily on the stick an instant, but raised it threateningly as the luckless Murphy strove to sit up and staunch the blood trickling from his lacorated hands and face. 'Dov't you dare to move, suh/ she panted, 'unless ? ' And the uplifted came supplied, most suggestively, the ellipsis. , Oh, fur tho luv o' God, ma-am, don't tit me ag'in 1 Sure I'd niver prtzhoonie, ma'am ? ' ' Shut up, Hurphy I' growled Bnrns. ? It'6 easy to see what brought you here. — Shall I let Kiggs up, lieutenant P He's bleeding a good deal.' But Uiggs didn't want to get up. He flopped helplessly back upon the grass plot. Bnrns bent over and held his Ian- * tern close. 'The man's drunk, sir,' he 1 said,—' and cut' I ' I did that, I presume,' said Lambert, ' still a little out of breath after the dash to the rescue. 'I found him daring to lay hands on this lady. — Madam, I sin cerely hope you are not injured.' It is ini poisible for me to say how' I deplore this outrage. These men shall suffer for it, I assure you.' . With rapid step the corporal of the guard, bringing with him a couple of men and another lantern, came hurriedly to the scene and stood Bilent . and alert, glancing eagerly from face to face. Two or three frightened negroes bad crept around the rear portico end- hung trem bling behind their mutrsss. With a shawl thrown over her head &nd; shoul ders, a quadroon girl halted half-way down the steps from the side door, her eyes dilated, and her lips twitching in terror, until a low voice from within bade her go on, and a tall, dark-baired, pale faced girl in long, loose wrapper fairly pushed her forward and then stepped quickly to the elder woman's side. 'Go back to the house at once, my child. This is no placo for yon. Go to Katherine and tell her I say she muse not leave her bed. Go !' And silently as she came, but with infinite and evident re luctance, the tall girl turned and obeyed. Airs. Walton had spoken slowly and with effort. Of Mr. Lambert and his party she had as yet taken no notice whatever. Again Murphy began to squirm in his un cemfortable couch of mingled mud and broken glaBS and head-lettuce, and the crackling accompaniment to his moaning once more made him tho object of the ' Lie still, suh,' she said, low and sternly. '(You have broken mob. glass now, euh, than youh captain can replace. Lie still whuh yon are until my suhvants lift you out. — Henry !' Bhe called. ? Ye-assum,' was the answer, as one of the negroes came reluctantly forward, humbly twirlinga battered hat inhis bands. ' Go fetch your barrow.' ' Indeed. Mrs. Walton,' interposed Lain-,, ber*, ' you need not trouble yourself. The guard shall carry these two scoundrels to camp, and prison life at Ship Island, or Tortugas, will put a stop to their prowl ing. It is on your account I am dis tressed. We nave no snrgeon at hand; I will send at once frr tbo doctor in town ? ' She raised a slender white hand, re linquishing her grasp upon the cane, which now went clattering upon the gravel of the walk. It was a sign to check him, and respectfully he broke off in his hurried words. Then again she turned to the negro, who stood with twitching face, irresolute, beside her. ? Did you hear me, Henry ? 'Go.' Again Biggs began to groan and stretch forth feeble hands. Burns looked ap pealingly to his young officer, then as appealingly to the lady. Clearly, she was the mistress of th.9 situation. Lambert had quickly stooped and picked up tho cane, but she did not sou, apparently, that he wished to restore it to hor. In tho light of the lanterns the mark of Eigg's clutch was plainly visible at her white and rounded throat. ' Two of you lift this fellow,' said Burns to the corporal; and between them Bisrgs was heaved to his sprawling feet. ? Get him over to camp now and bathe his head. L'ui a Dayonet through him if lie tries to bolt. I'll be there presently.' And of Biggs, her ^assailant, and of Eigg's removal under guard, the lady of the Walton homestead took no note what over. Bebuffed, yet sympathetic, Lambert again essayed to speak, but the rattle of the barrow was heard, and Henry once more loomed up within the zone of lan tern light. ? Lift that — puhson — out,' she said. And when Burns would have lent a helping hind, she interposed : ' No, I beg you. My suhvants will attend to this.' And neither Lambert nor his sergeant made further effort. Murphy, liftod from the wreck of the ruined hot- bed, abject and crestfallen, scratched and bruised and bleeding, yet neither so deadened by drink nor so 6tunned by the rain of blows which he had suffered as not to appreciate the humiliation of his position, was squatted in the barrow. At an imperious gesture from Madam Walton, Henry Btarted to wheel him away, the corporal of the guard in close attendance. And then, with calm dignity and re covered breath, the lady turned to the boy officer : ? I have not thanked you yet — ' ?Oh, Mrs. Walton, I beg you not to speak of thanks. If you knew how — how ashamed I am, and my regiment will be - that any of our men could have dared ? ' The very intensity of the young fellow's indignation choked him, and gave her the floor. ' Once before this they came; and then I warned. This time, having no men to call upon (negroes, it seems, could hot be counted as such), ' I was compelled, my self, to chastise. May I ask the safe re turn of our barrow, — it is the only vehicle the war has left us, — and that we may be permitted to retire r' And she swept a stately courtesy. 'But, madam ? ' began Lambert, ut terly chagrined at the attitude of cold and determined avoidance in which she persisted, 'yon have been brutally handled ; I insist on sending for our con tract doctor : it is the best we can offer to-night ? ' 'Neither to-night, nor at any other time, would his auhvicea be acceptable, suh. I need no doctoh. We learned — we had to learn — how to do without luxuries of every kind during the war; and Dr. Hand — I think that is the name of the physician you reler to — would bo too much of a luxury at any time. I regret, that your men should need his suhvices, but they brought it on themselves.' 'They will need him more before the captain gets through with 'em, ma'am,' said Sergeant Burns, seeing that his young superior was at a loss what to say. As he spoke, the tall, dark-haired girl once more appeared, and swiftly, noiselessly stepped to. her. mother's sido. 'Tnere'd be no need of a court-martial or of your having to testify, if Captain Close conld settle this — or let us do it.' 'Mother, come in,— please do,— and let these gentlemen go,' said the girl. ' In deed, we are very much obliged to you,' she continued, addressing Lambert, 'tor comingso quickly,' (To bo continued.) A prominent newspaper in BruESols, during a recent strike, appeared as a richly illustrated sixtoen-pago papor with out tbe help of a single compositor. The news had been Bet up' on a typewriter. Tho typewritten sheets and pictures vroro pasted on a large cardboard. Then tho whole was reduced by photography to the actual site, and from the negative a; print was made on a BOnBitisod sheet 'of sine. With tbe aid of nitric ncid the type and illustrations were etched in, and. UiB re sult was a complete solid forrne'teauy lor the press. Wife : ' What ara you busy at ?' *Young Physician : ' I am writing a let ter to the newspapers, abusing Dr.. Blank, the great scientist.' ' But Dr. Blank has never done you any harm, and you agree with his theories.' ' True ; but it is agiinst the rule for physicians to advertise, and I must get myself before the public somehow.' 