Boulder News. (From a correspondent.) Mass was celebrated here on Sun day by the Rev. Father O'Donnell. There was a very large congregation. The rev. gentleman announced that it was the intention of the church committee to establish a Catholic Choral Society in. Boulder, with a viewof developing a taste tor sacred and secular choral music. They also intend to hold quarterly concerts for which an annual subscription of one guinea will be charged, each sub- scriber will be furnished with three reserved tickets of admission. Father O'Donnell then preached a very eloquent and impressive sermon, taking for his text the Epistle and Gospel of the day. He reviewed the history of the Catholic Church from its foundation down to -the present time, giving historical instances of the many attempts which were made during that time to overthrow and abolish Catholicism. He also pointed out how the destinies of Holy Church had been always safe-guarded by the power and influence of the Holy Ghost and proved that wherever the seed of Catholicisrir was planted it grew and prospered The Wolfe Tone Hurling Club LIC1U CL VGiy CULUUiaotlU WICCLUJg cU. the Exchange Hotel, on the night of the 4th June, for the purpose of electing ofHcers, and also for select ing a team for the tug of war, which is being run in connection with the Catholic Bazaar, Coolgardie. A contribution of one dozen new hurleys and a good medal was offered by Mr. P. J. Daly, of the Launceston Hotel, who also offered to engage the Boulder City band for Sunday next if the hurlers could arrange a match for his ngw sports grounds. - A cheque for two guineas was received from Mr. Cranley of the Shamrock Hotel. Votes of thanks to the generous donors were carried with enthusiasm. The following gentlemen were elected as officers : — Patron, Rev. Father O'Donnell ; President, Mr. M. Mannion ; Vice - president, Mr. W.. Stephens ; Captain, Mr. Martin O'Malley; Vice - Captain,, Mr. R. Bou'rke, After the election of officers and general business was concluded, the President elect entertained the officers and members of the club, and music and song comprised the programme for the re mainder of the evening. 