1BE LO GK-UP-OL B AND NEW. AFTER years of ceaseless agitation, Dubbo is to be provided with a police lock-up of u somewhat " civilised" order. The premises on the'Brisbane-Church streets corner which liavc done duty for so many years have always bemi u disgrace to tlif Department . As a ]>law of de tenting fln>\ were o!ijivti-- i:ialtli' on nuny g.M.i.i is. T.) sav nothing of tbeir undue distance from tlis l.i'ul Courthouse, tbey jjussussed absolutely 110 accommodation wnrtb tin* u uii'j, and their nrchifc-'turdl ulur.icter justly gained for thcin the title of the " rabbit liutcb." The locality of the premises was even nniv objectionable, owing to their adjacency to the C. E. grounds-and particularly to the school room which is bireiy a dozen yards from the cells. Evening entertainments in the school building were often varied by the uproar (verbal and other) from the cell occupants next door. The case . was even worse when the school building came to be daily occupied for a girls' school. Wo doubt if any town in Aus tralia could show so unfortunate a con junction. The pupils attending the school at times found it impossible, even within doors, to shut their ears to language of the vilest type, sup plied volubly from the other side of the fence. That the people of Dubbo put up with this state of affairs so long is only explainable by the fact that Depart mental wheels move slowly - for the matter has been represented by district members, past audlpresent, for as long as the average townsman can remember. . The new building, which combines the advantages of structural fitness and near ness to the Court house premises, is likely to be out of hand within a month from date-the contractor expectiug to finish a day or two ahead of contract time (April 11). It stands on an allot ment, 56 by 165 feet, on the immediate south of the Court house grounds, access to which will be gained byan entrance gate to be provided in the present galvanized iron fence-wall, immediately opposite the charge room of the new premises. The contract is in the hands of Mr. J. Kcrmode of Sydney, a contractor of extensive experience in the erection of Government buildings in and around the metropolitan district. The structure is of the Romanesque order. The building is of brick on a foundation of 601b steel rails (with fish plates at angles and brick joints) set in concrete-a somewhat new device, employed to prevent subsidence or shifting of foundations and the consequent cracking and disturbance of the walls of the edifice. -^Keeper's quarters (four rooms and kitchen) are provided, with stove and bath room. A commodious charge room is reached by a side path between the lock-up and the Court house grounds. At the rear of this apartment are the cells-three in number-with covered yard. The cells (8ft x 10ft each) are of 18inch walls. The exercise yard must be regarded as unduly small, especially for a climate such as ours ; and it is noticeable that no special provision has been made for female confinees. The yard, which is roofed with ordinary iron i grating, islessthan 17 feetsquare and shut j in as it is by four brick walls it promises to be extremely uninviting, especially iu summer. In other respects minor alter ations might have been made -with advantage; but in general, very fair provision aepears to have been made for comfort in all parts of the building. The ventilation is a special feature, and in addition to a liberal provision of ordinary ventilating bricks, the eaves iu the residential quarters have beeu fitted with perforated zinc throughout. The building is from a standard design, more or less adapted to local requirements. The work was regularly supervised by Mr. Castleden of the Government Architect's local office, till his recent transfer, siuce which his successor, Mr. Little, has taken over the super intendence. The contractor, Mr. Kermode, speaks highly of his Dubbo experiences. His relations with Departmental officers, local suppliers of -material and workmen have, he states, been all that could be desired ; and he has beeu favored with fine weather generally. It may be added that with the exception of a small lot of fancy bricks, and the steel rails used in the foundations, the whole of fhe materials have been locally supplied. GRAZING Peopbrty.-The well known property, Tonaugba, adjoining Haddon Big station, is to be submitted to auc tion at the rooms of Mr. G. H. Taylor, Dubbo, on 24th inst. The property (of over 5000 acres), embraces good sheep country, with never-failing water-supply, and is to be sold (by Messrs. Harrison, Jones and Devlin in conjunction with Mr. Taylor), with 2000 sheep, princi pally breeding ewes, now running on it. .THE MCADOO JOBILEE SINGERS. As intimated in our last the ,McAdoo Company of Jubilee Singers are to re-appear at the Masonic Hall, Dubbo, on Saturday evening. A thoroughly new programme of vocal numbers and kinetoscopic pictures is promised. The recollection of the excellent entertain ments of last week is strong enough iu the public mind to ensure a full house on this the farewell visit of the Company. Billy Bon.-We understand that a second Billy Bun imder the auspices of the local League of Wheelmen will be held this (Saturday) afternoon. On this occasion the run will be northwards towards the Junctfcn. CONVENT SCHOOI^CONCERT.-On the evening of St. Patrick's Day (Saturday next) a concert is to lie given iu the Masonic HftU by the pupils of the Con- 1 vent Primary Schools. . I Weblkvan.-The lime-lightentcrtain ment (Marley's Ghost, etc.) produced in Dubbo a few weeks ago, will be given in the Wesleyan Church, Brocklehurst, on Saturday evening next. The HOSPITAL. - There were 12 patients in the Dubbo Hospital yesterday (Friday.) 