IT. Well, young Mr. Devon got into the habit of. making pretty frequent visits to the Grays, so that lie became quite at home among thorn; and tlie only per son anywhere in the district wlio did not understand what he came for was Marigold. The circle marvelled. "Ac tually," said the ladies, "there is a man at last brave enough to try the Bohe mian girl." But they agreed It was a sad pity that one so good-looking, and, fjetter still, so eligible, should be thus wasted. For he. had money enough to be counted' rich, and had come there to jtake control of an estate of his own. J aunt Maria and Jane congratulated each other many times in a day. In tlieir opinion it was a blessed and un« hoped for pieee of luck tliat such aa altogether satisfactory young ma$ should bate seen fit to take a fancy ti an impossible oddity like Marigold More particularly as they had -looked vpoii it as doubtful if any one, de sirable or undesirable, ever would. Privately they both thought his taste was very poor -\vhen one considered tliat there was growing on* the self-, same stem another flower of infinitely, greater attractiveness. In fact, Aunt Maria said as much to Jane, aud Jane smirked and said, "Well, but it was a good thing, you know, that every one ri/dn't think alike." Aud after all it didn't matter, because Jane could pick aud choose from plenty; or at auy rate, Jane thought she could, which amounted to much the same thing for consolation. Moreover, there was the satisfaction of getting Marigold settled and .the worry and responsibility of her off their hands into some oue else's. They arranged all these things very, nicely between, themselves, and Mari gold's opiniou was not asked. To be truthful, they dared not venture to broach the subject lest the bird should take fright and liy off before the fowl er's net had caught it securely, and it was safely caged aud its wings clip I ped. Meanwhile Brian Devon was becom ing very familiar with the woods, the prettiest paths, the finest trees, the ' .Host picturesque spots. It was here he ofte'nest found her with Dan; here where he most liked to watch her, to study her character, and her quaiut ness. and her strange beauty. And ha talked to her so simply aud naturally that she never subjected him of any thing else than a friendly interest and casual liking. And he, on his part, straightway understood her well enough to keep the secret from betray ing itself in his eyes, though it sorely taxed his self-control sometimes. In stead he set himself to draw her out aud make her show him all her mind; . and together they talked of the world's ways and ilie mysteries of the uni verse, of the vagaries of human nature, of the strange wouder of life and death, of music and the arts. He lent her hooks which she desired, and they discussed them afterwards, for he was a great reader and talked well and brilliantly. He told her many things that were new to her. anil discoursed 011 deep subjects that interested and fascinated her. But with all that Marl-' gold was fancy -free, and thought no more cf him than that lie was a nice youth aud very interesting to talk to, and fully believed that he thought tlii same of her. And Devon, as he watch ed her in her changing moods and listened to the words she spoke, won dered that there could in one place be gathered together such a convocation of insensible, blind fools. Well, but. then, of course, he was in love with her. Still, it was those very qualities in her which repelled the others that attracted him. So perhaps after all they were right, aud his taste was pe culiar. Marigold had goue into the woods to her favourite haunt. She had sat down on a long log, aud put her elbows on her knees and propped her face in her hauds, and she was thinking aud think ing. Dan had stretched himself at her feet, snoozing quietly; and great trees spread over her head, reluciaatly shed ding their late autumn finery to spread a glowiug carpet ou the ground; and the sua was going down slowly, mak ing long shadows-shadows that crept into Marigold's heart. There are some times evenings like that, when the shadows creep iuto one's heart, when the air is still and quiet, and no breath stirs the leaves, when the shadows are lengthening, lengthening iuto the calm twilight, and a solemn peacefulness broods over the earth. It is theu when the want of something comes iuto our hearts, an indefinable lougiug wakes to life a restless yearning to be something above and beyond what one is, to be better, nobler, and more worthy, a craving to do great things, realize lofty ambitions, to stretch out our hands and grasp Fame, and make the whole world look up to us aud admire us aud love us, and stand wonder-stricken at our power. Have you never had those yearnings? Well, anyway, Marigold had them now-was tasting theiu freely and bitterly. She didn't even hold converse with Dan, but sat gazing silently ahead -and no doubt that was the reason why Dau's slumbers grew so profound that he presently began to snore com fortably. and started up in a regular fright when Brian Devon came stroll ing along aud sat down on the log be ( side Marigold. He glanced at her cu« riously when he found her unrespon sive. 1 "What's the matter?" he asked, gently. "Matter?" Bhe repeated, impatiently. "Nothing's the matter, of course-what should he?" "Tou are very serious." "One can't be always grinning," with, a quick frown. "No, it would be monotonous," Devon quietly agreed. "But is that a goo<| and sufficient reason why you should, on the other hand, wear so sad and, mournful a countenance?" "Don't you ever have moods?" asked Marigold, beginning to break a twig into little bits. "About what?" "Oli, about anything-everything. Things that you want and can't get-* ever." "Yes," he satd slowly; "if I thought X couldn't get a thing J wanted-ever; then I should have moods." "Well, then, you can't blame me tot liaviug them,".said Marigold. "But what is it that you want and can't ever get?" Marigold shrjugged her shoulders and said- I,. . . . . j "A great many things-just now." . "Just now?" "You see, generally I find I can get along all riglit without tlie tliiugs. And now again I find I can't." .""For instanceV "For instance, I would like to be a great deal better than I am." "Most of us would like tliat-or Should do. anyway." "Then I want-no. I don't see it's auy use talking about it: you wouldn't un derstand what I mean." "Let me try. at least," lie said. "I'm sure it's no use." said Marigold. "I have not always proved so dull to comprehend you. have IV" Devon said, reproachfully. So he continued to draw something Of her meaning from her; and while ; he listened and watolled the plaintive curve of her red mouth, suddenly he made up his mind. "You would like to go away from here." lie said, "and step out into the .world?" "I would," Marigold answered: "into the world of art aud the beautiful." j "Then let me take you," said Devon ; quietly. I She started; she drew her figure up In offended amazement. "Little Marigold, dear little gipsy girl, let me set yon n new lesson, and teacli you love." ] "Oh, no-oh, no, no!" and Marigold cried in frightened confusion. She sprang up, and made to run, but he took her by the hand and held her back. "Sit down," he said, with gentle au-1 tliority, aud placed her back on the log. "We are not through yet. Let us talk It over together, and see what we can make of it." "We can't make anything of it." said Marigold, panting a little, "we had far better leave it alone altogether." j "But I don't think so. What sort of ! a man should I be to let you go like that. Marigold?" "Oh, whatever made you do such a gilly thing V" she cried, irritably. i "I haven't done a silly thing. 1 con sider I've done the wisest thing I ever did in my whole life." "Indeed you haven't, because you've just spoilt things." "Why have I spoilt things V" "Because we were nice and sensible before-and friends." "Aud may we not still be friends V" She nodded quickly. "Yes, of course. But it would have been much better if only you hadn't suggested-anything different." "My dc-ar," he said, quietly, "for what do you take meV" Marigold winced, aud put her hands up to 'her flushed cheeks. "I don't understand you," she said. "Do you think I could see you so ofteu, talk with you, aud know you as I do know you, and not love you? Do you think I am deaf aud blind and in sensate, child V" j Marigold gave a little gasp, and mov- j ed a little further down the log. "Don't say things like that, please," ! she said. "I don't like it." "I must say them," said Devon, "be cause they are true, and I want you to know the truth. I want you to think this matter over calmly aud reason ably, aud try if you cannot make up your mind to resign yourself into my hands, do;" he looked at her. smiling tenderly; " 'laythy sweet hand in mine and trust in me.' " "Oh, no," she said, twisting her hand kerchief rapidly into a striug, and un twisting it and twisting it again; "in deed I couldn't-never, never." "Will you tell me why?" he said, with gentle patience. "Xo. you needn't say you don't love. I know you don't; I know that well enough. But I will teach you. And I will succeed." "But I don't want to learn," said Marigold. "And the reasonV" lie asked. "There are such a lot," she said, with a troubled l'rown. "First, I couldn't possibly-marry you-unless-unless-I -loved you. Aud tlieu-I don't want to love auy one-in that way. I get on very well without it, and-and I don't understand about that kind of love." "But you will," he said, "some day." She shook her head. "I don't see why it should be inevit able. I am quite happy without it." "Do you expect to get through your life without lovcV" he asked. "There isn't only that love." said Marigold; "and I give mine to so many things." " ; "And couldn't you include me amongst those many things if you tried very hard? Tell me you like me at least a little, do you not?" "Yes, of course," said Marigold, has tily; "I like you very much:" "Aud we get ou very well. Our tastes agree, and I am master enough of your language to read you aud understand you, Marigold." She made no answer, but tugged har der at her handkerchief. "Will you think me a very conceited fellow when I say that I believe I can make you happy'.'" Brian went 911. "Xo, not conceited," she answered, the ghost of a nervous smile touching her lips. "Because 1 think you are too honest, "and-good." He flushed, aud his eyes lit up. "Indeed, I am very, very sorry if it hurts you, and I know that you have done me an honour In asking me-to be your wife." Here the handkerchief tore across one corner, aud Marigold rolled it up that end, aud started on another. "Have you never cared, or even fan cied you cared, for auy oueV" question ed Devon, watching lier keenly; and she shook her head and answered "Never!" with uuliesitating decision. "And are there any more reasons V" "Yes," she said, quickly; "I love my liberty far, far too well to give it up. I couldn't settle down in that way; I must l>e free-free as air, free as the wild gipsy, dad-and you say I am so like. I think at heart I am one: and how could a gipsy tie herself down to civilization? She would droop a»<J pine. It's selfish, I suppose." Slie stole a look at his face. "'On, I know I'm a selfish little beast," she cried. He turned and looked at her, and at the bent head, with Its heavy wealth of rich auburn hail', and saw the quiver of her mouth and the trouble in her sensitive face. "Then I wish there were more such selfish little beasts about." he said; "the'world would be a better place for them." ."Oh,"' Marigold cried out, "you must n't say such things. it's wrong! And please don't say any more about it, be cause I can never give you a different answer. You-you will forget about me soon, and meet some one who is alto gether nicer and better than I am."' "I must lie permitted-to retain my own opinion as to that," he said, quiet ly. He got up and took both her hands, j drawing her to her feet. "I'm not go ing to worry and frighten you any more now, little Marigold. You are frightened, I think, and so we won't talk about it. But I want you to re- j member that I love you, and that you are the one woman in all the world for me. And I shall never give up hope, my dear. Now let me take you home." She went with him silently, and es caped with thankfulness in her heart when they readied the garden. Well, there was a considerable stir over the matter. Aunt Maria and Jane -their wrath and indignation knew no bounds. Because, of course, it leaked out Aunt Maria suspected, and she questioned Marigold, and Marigold re luctantly confessed the truth. Jane told her very candidly that she was a fool, and Aunt Maria said more than that; in fact, when she found that she could make no impression on' the cul prit Auut Maria fairly stormed. "Good heavens, child!" she cried, "you are mad.' Wli.r, I don't suppose you will get such another chance as this again in- all your life!" "I don't suppose I shall," agreed Marigold. "Then what more do you want7" "I don't w ant any more." "?What fault have you to find with him?" "I have no fault to find with him. On the contrary, I admire his charac ter, for I feel sure it is worthy of ad miration. Aunt Maria, do you think a woman marries a man because she has no fault to find with hiuiV There is only one thing that makes marriage honourable-that is Love. 1 cannot give him that For your reasons it is shameful to urge it. I am sorry that I don't see my way to relieve you of the burden of my presence: but I don't see that it need so greatly distress you. since happily I derive my support from my lather, and not l'rom you. As to this affair-leave me alone, please." So Aunt Maria found herself crushed, and relapsed into disdainful coldness towards her obstinate niece, and Jane had to look the contempt she dared not always speak, for Marigold had a temper. Outsiders heard the rumour, but they laughed aloud in scornful un belief. What! The Bohemian Girl re fuse such a match as Brian Devon"; said the Circle. A likely tiling! On good authority? What authority? The aunt and sister! Well, they would naturally move to get that report abroad. But, as to believ ing it. Pooh! every one knew he was merely indulging in a freak. He was just a wee bit eccentric himself, you know, but so awfully nice. Marigold caught her father looking at her ear nestly one day, and she thought there was trouble in his face. She went up to him, and put lier hands on his shoul ders. "Do you want to get rid of me, too, dad?" she asked sadly. And he answered, stroking her hair, gently "Heaven forbid I should ever want to do that, Little Goldie; but I must leave you some day. you know, and when that time comes I should go hap pier for knowing that my gipsy was in good hands, worthy to cherish and pro tect lior." "Ah. don't," she said, with a shiver; "it's horrible to talk like that. Besides, where would be the use of sending me awaj" now and losing me years and years before you need?" And lie smiled brightly then and agreed with her. (To be concluded next week.) 