TWO OF A TRADE. By Venlev Voegel, V "It's all very well for you to talk, Maggie, when you can see yonr Rex ae often as yon like, and both seta of parents are murmuring, ' Eless you, my children 1' and you're going to be married in six months I 1 wonder If you'd be cheerfal in my place?' And North Whittam's pretty eyes nuea wua tears. "My dear, I never said I practised what I preached. How long is It since you've seen him !" 'A whole week. What do you think it feels like when j your heart breaks, Maggie!" 44 Horribly uncomfortable 1" said Mar garet Flynn, promptly. " But he'll turn up aoon, mark my words 1" " Oh, Maggie, yon are trying 1 How can he turn np when ancle's forbidden him the house ? How can he write when ha knows ancle examines the letters every morning ?" " Well, he's waiting for some opportu nity.- Naturally the interview with the major would depress him." "Depress him! My secondhand edi tion ol It waB awful enough. 4 A paltry lieutenant, with the vaguest chance of promotion — a man who hasn't seen active service! Why, the young whipper- snapper would ran away if he heard a shot fired !' Think of it, Maggie, when Jack's as brave as a lion !" ' He'll come somehow," said her friend, Irrelevantly. " So he said when I saw him In the hall after he'd Been ancle. Bat how can he ! Here comes uncle, Maggie ; we shall have to go out with him." Old Major Hoyle was Norah Whittam's guardian and only relative. And when, a fortnight before, Lieutenant Keith, of the 5th Lancers, at present home from India on sick leave after a fever, had dared to inform him that he loved his niece, the major had told him in no measured terms what he thought of his "consummate Impertinence." ' Walt for her !" he shouted; in answer te a humble suggestion from Jack. " So yon shall, sir I — I'll take care of that 1 — and for ever 1" 44 And that ends the matter, Norah 1 Do you hear ?" he said to his niece, as her lover went dejectedly down the garden walk. So for a week poor little Norah had gone about looking like a ghost. Then her friend Margaret Flynn had arrived on a vtolt, and succeeded in cheering her a little. The girls rose as the fine, soldierly- looking old man hobbled Into the room. 44 Good morning, ladies. Norah, my dear, have the goodness to ring for my bovrll. Miss Flynn, yon look as bright and charming as though It were May Instead of December." The door opened, and a sedate-looking butler entered with.a tray. " There's an old' soldier, Miss Norah, wants to see you. He's selling Bhawls, and he's sure yoo'd take one." "A soldier selling shawls 1 1 don't want any, Truefitt, Is he in the hall ! I'd better see him, perhaps," said Norah, wearily, 44 No, my dear, certainly not I" broke in the major — 44 not In that draughty hall ! Tell the man to come here, True- fitt, if Miss Norah wishes to see him." " Yes, sir." ' The old soldier was straight encngh, despite his white head. He wore an ill- fitting suit of blue cloth, and a shabby peaked cap, and carried a large oilskin- covered pack. He seemed somewhat embarrassed on being shown into the dlnlngroom, and still more so at the sight of the major. 41 I'm an old soldier, lady," he began, In quivering tones, " an' I'm trying to sell these few shawls, an' I thought maybe you'd oblige me by takln' one. I was through the Indian Mutiny, an' I got a sabre cut at Delhi, an'-— " - "What regiment!" interrupted the major. A prolonged fit of coughing delayed the visitor's answer. ' 44 75th Foot, general," he said, - at length. 44 I've got a small pension ; bat. I'm trying to " . . 44 1 was at Delhi,' broke In the major. 44 Yon were In the action with General Barter, of course !" . 41 Adjutant .he was then, general. An' I've got a medal for long service an' good conduct." And the soldier patted a decoration on his breast. 44 Most interesting. I am always glad to meet another old soldier. I should like more conversation with yon. Come and see me — let me see I — to-morrow after noon about 3. In the meantime, here iB a shilling for yon. Norah, my dear, put your thingB on at once. I am in a harry, and MIbb Flynn is ready, I see. I will let this worthy man out." The worthy man's face fell as Norah moved to obey. Perhaps he was thinking of his shawls, for he stepped forward as If to detain her. 44 The lady cannot wait now, my good man. ' Possibly Bhe may care to look at your shawls to-morrow— eh, my dear? I will let yon ont." And the fidgety old major piloted the soldier to the door. "Maggie," said Norah, as the girls were sitting before the fire that afternoon, 44 you seemed remarkably taken with that old humbug of a soldier !" 44 1, Norah?" 44 Yes, you. Uncle didn't let either of us get a word in, but you hardly took your eyes off him." 44 Oh, Norah, Norah !"/ And Maggie got up and put both her hands on the other's shoulders. " Truly, ' love is blind!" "Maggie, what do you mean? Tell me quick I" " Well, I've only met Lieutenant Keith twice before he went to India; bnt I hadn't much difficulty in recognising him this morning." "Maggie," said Norah, faintly, "are you sure ?" " Quite. So will yon be If yon think it over." 44 But why didn't you say ?" Convic tion was slowly stealing In upon Norah. 44 This Is the first time I have seen you alone since he went. I suppose you hardly wanted me to apeak at the time ?" w And uncle said we had to bike t o the Trevors' at three o'clock to-morrow. Oh, Maggie 1" 'That's a pity. However, we'll man age things somehow." Norah looked utterly bewildered, and for the rest of the day she remained in a state of abstraction mingled with remorse. That the old soldier and Jack Keith were ldentioal - she began to have no doubt. The more Bhe mnsed npon the yonng lieu tenant's features, the more she realised that a little false hair and a few skllfol toncheB would transform them Into just such a representation of a decrepit old war-hero as she had seen that morning. How could she contrive to see him alone to-morrow? She absently salted Jier apple- tart at dinner that evening as . she pondered over these things, all un aware that the major was watching her closely. 44 Surely," he said to himself, when Norah excused herself from singing to Mm after dinner, "she can't be fretting after that young jackanapes !" And then he tugged Ms moustache fiercely. Some times it did not seem very long slnee his own lieutenant days, and he -was not such a hard-hearted old tyrant after all. He was persistent next morning in his arrangements that the girls should bicycle over to visit friends In a neighboring ' town. 44 The air will do you good, my dear, and I shall be well entertained In your absence. You seem to forget that I am expecting the old man who was here yesterday.'' 44 Bnt I was going to look at his shawls, uncle !" " 44 1 will tell Mm to call again, my dear. I particularly wish my note to go' to Colonel. Trevor.' The girls racked their brains for some means of meeting their visitor alone. 44 We might start late," said Maggie. "Or, elay, wouldn't it be better to go early for the chance of meeting Mm on the road ? ' Bnt even here the old major Innocently forestalled them. " The san Is so bright," he observed, as the girls were getting ready to start, " that I think I shall go for a turn. I shall meet the old soldier ; he can only come, along the one road." And he hobbled off, quite unconscloosof the two downcast faces in the hall. " We must start," said Maggie ; 44 It's no use waiting. We may meet Mm before the major does." .The major was almost at the bottom of the steep hill wMch sloped down from his very gate, when the old soldier came round a sharp hand in the road and began slowly to ascend it. " Ah, my man, I was expecting yon ; but to-day is so mild that we can chat as well here as indoors." " If I could juBt go up to the house, genbral, an' show the lady these few shawls——" " Oh, ah, yes ; I think she is just go ing ont. She wishes you to call some other time." But a sadden scream made both of them turn sharply, to see a lady on a bicycle almost flying down the hill towards them. Tbe major saw the terrified face, and thought of the almost right-angled turn in the' road, and the stone wall imme diately below them ; and then he lost his head completely. "Stop, my dear — stop!" ho shouted - wildly. " Get off 1 Why doesn't some one- " Someone did. Directly the machine came into view the old soldier advanced a little from the roadside, and stood calmly waiting. Now, as the girl was whizzing past him, he seized her ronnd the .wafat with a strong grip, meaning to swing her clear of the bicycle altogether; but her skirt had somehow entwined itself in the dress-guard. And thoagh anything worse than an ordinary spill was entirely pre vented by his prompt action, the rescuer, the rescued, and the bicyole went down in a heap on to the grassy border of the road. The rescued one staggered to her feet first, pale and shaken, bnt nnhnrt. " Oh, Jack, are yon really not hurt. I was so frightened 1" Bnt the old irsjor was hobbling excitedly to the scene. " The pluckiest thing I ever saw ! In one more moment it would have been too late ! Name yonr reward, air — name your reward 1" And the shameless old soldier picked himself up, making no effort to conceal a lock of black hair which was plainly visible beneath a much disarranged white wig, took Norah Whittam's hand in Ms own, and said coolly ; 44 This, Major Hoyle 1" The major's face waB a'perfect picture. But before he could speak Margaret Flynn rushed np and took in the situation at a glance. "Is she safe? Oh, Major Hoyle, for one awful moment I thought it was all up— when I saw her brake wouldn't work! We never ride down that hill without a brake. Hadn't we better all oome back to the house ? I'm sure you're both very much Bbaken I What a won derful escape ! I never saw anything so plncky 1 Mr Keith, If you will help Miss Whittam, the major and I will bring the machine." Perhaps because she was the only one ol them who conld boaBt the least preten sion to a clear head at that moment ahe was meekly obeyed, and ten mlnntes later Norah and , the' now rejavenated Lieutenant Keith were collecting their scattered senses in two comfortable arm chairs before a coBy fire ; while the major sat in his study in a very bad temper. The major had gleaned one or two details as to the decrepit veteran while Margaret and he were bringing home the damaged bicycle. He had all an old soldier's admiration for strategy, even though in this caBe he had been its victim, i And If he sent this young fellow about l his business, the story of how he had been taken in — flattered, people would say, by having a higher rank than his own accorded to him (how that " general" rankled !) wonld be all over the country side ! Moreover, he had the highest admiration for plnck and promptness, and he remembered uncomfortably that he had stamped abont and shouted while this yonng fellow had quietly acted. As for having forbidden him the house — well; he was Bitting in the diningroom' at present, and in his (the major's) arm. chair. And here came a knock at the door, and Margaret entered. ' Yon know," she said solemnly, 44 there's no donbt about it that he saved Norah's life, and I've come to talk to you." " My dearj" said the old Major, after Bhe had pleaded the lovers' cause well and eloquently, "yon would coax the. very birds off their bushes! Perhaps — perhaps I've been a foolish old man." And then they went into the dining- room together. Jack Keith rose as they entered. " I ought to apologise, sir," he began ; 44 but I bad to find some way of seeing her. I hadn't any Idea— as yet — beyond getting a sight of her 3gain— and I " And then he stopped, for something like a smile was playing round the grim old month. 44 1 have to thank you, sir, for saving my niece's life," said the major ; 44 but, by Jovo I you young rascal" — and his tone changed — 44 do yon think there fa no penalty attached to hoodwinking a superior officer, and getting money out of him nnder false pretences ? I've a good mind to pass sentence npon yon myself !" There was a twinkle In the major's eye which was reassuring. 44 Penal servitude for life, my boy," he Bald grimly. ' And "—pointing to Norah, who held her lover's hand as though she Intended to share any punishment — 4: there's your gaoler for you 1" 