, TOE J1OTS, ! •nan it erfidj Ud &n;(\ ^W^iVer^e frhaldB,; station iiauda £uism|attt#rE,( fhey ' kbew' hhu bohe Anenphonous «>bn-: ^tUtfel* Tb&Tii;#'' ^Mariy^aVkbaok lift on iho <M&rr;&7s! presented fniich . more of i;o)M^«,i^Mriug;?advefatOi?e, and genuine gi'odfellowhip, than it does in ttus year o'f our Lord 1900. In the early eixjtie^,: jinijthe chilly month of JulyvThe Tug made one of a swall, ,vyfi»ing » party gathered aroiind ,a cheerful. fire in,ftb-o :o)d , .Ral Ral piib. As is usual with travellers of the road, of all kinds and condi tions, wherever they meet, ;tbey. in dulge in the interesting. pastime of swapping experiences, of deeds of valour and excitement. ; Nor do they always confine the narrative to the sober truth, but a little romancing is pardonable among, these hardy; sons of the hush. In fact tbe simple truth, and noting but the truth, might be too severe a. strain on the constitution of these gemvy. Our little Ral Ral party was no excepi iou to the good old custom, and many a rousing adven ture had gone around the company,' after a very uncanny ghost story had beeu narrated, with all the embelish mehts that only a fcusbman can work into a story, The Tug volunteered the statement, that, fur 17- yenrs he has travelled al«ne np river and. down never, among hostile natives, through scenes .of murder, and in ghost haun ted loci litief. and he b#d never once experienced fear. In f;ict th< fq was uuthing living, dead or d)ing that could star* hi in. " Ever hud any truck with ghosts?" chimed in one of the group.- - '•Ghosts?" why the ghost was never horn that could intimidate him, whereupon ono of the party laid ahet. with. The Tug that'he would not re <vain a whole night in tlie *4 haunted hut." This was promptly taken up bv T' e Tny. Lowing the company awhile, I I'uav explain tbts legend for t,! e reader'* information. Some 7 yearn previous lo the foregoing con versation, a station co'nple, ;wlio had occupied this hut., which was boundary hut on the Chowilla Run, some 8 miles down river. This couple had very suddenly and mysteriously -dis appeared, foul play was somehow sus pected in connection with the disap pearance, but nothing beyond vague i rumours gained currency, and from in- j definite stories of things seen and heard, by some, thf but very soon be-1 came to-be regarded as "haunted." The few that were favoured with an introduction to these uncanny doings at the hut, made that introduction of the very sbor)est, :generally leaving precipitately, and long before the 'sounds or eights had assumed a defi nite shape. One definite item of knowledge however, wa* ginned from these ghost rumours, and that these visits always occurred on a certain night in ' July-,' which was now only four nights away. Returning to our "pub." party, in the meantime all arrange ments to. carry out the conditions 1 of The Tug's bet were madej and were thus, on the fateful evening The Tug and two of the party present were to gb to the haunted hut and to wat^h, j (one of the.conditions' of-the bet.) " The evening arrived, -and sunset fpurid our hero and his two com panions at their destination; The Tug was to remain from sunsgt to sunrise in the hut, jwliile .his two mates were to camp some little dis tance off, but near enough to be of assistance, should any be required. The Tug. grew hilarious over the soft snap be .had on, and heartily bade the, others good night and be gan to settle himself i down .for a sleep, .and having no sense of nervousness, he was, soon in the land of N >d. -. He bad slept probably three hours or so, when, in ft dreamy sort of manner, h<» became awave of a pal© spectral light, glowing in , the^ bed-. room, (the hut'consisted t^tne two roatos)/^ tt frpf>eja,r|d toj^u|,tpjbe a very we'efc'rkBhligtift., and mood" dn a table standing in tliat room. 1?he Tag.'bifccotniiig * • ~thactHbinethVng^aBwrong, *~for the whole atinosjphere seemed uimaturaly and jeyerytbing^arbnivd partook of the uncaony. The stillness became paihifiil and oppressive. ( ^.aatjnp, and even pinched his lfg tb Convince iimself thai he -was' fceally'" Wak6. TJbep for the first lime in his-life be began to .realize ^hat;f$ars w«b»; and i^n^rely^w^^-liimBeijf out of it, afardttefcK'W itie cheerful warm iireat Kal Ral. Suddenly the unearthly soilness ,W;as pierced1 by a; blood candling Bcream, and immediately after,the shadowy form of a woman rtishedotyof the ini.er room, closely pursued by the shadowy fbrm of a mauwithan uplifted fcommyhaWk, His eyes seemec\ ablazewitb pasBiou, anger and wrath. ^ Into the} room occiipiedby our hero, and onputaide into the night rushed these phantom, forms, when the former' stillness settled, down over the scene; : : The Tog vainly . endeavoured to rise, but the weight of fear and ter ror upon him simply paralized him te that-estent that he was prevented from even moving. The ghostly light gradually dimmed and ( faded right dut, leaving the hut once snore in a darknefs that conld be,felt, but only for a few minutes, when the light rose and increased in> brightness uutil evtrythingagaio became spec trally distinct, the same awful soil ness prevaded the atmosphere, and just as suddenly as before, that piercing scream broke upon the night, and ouMgain rushed those* two shadowy phantoms from the inner rooiu,'but this time the pur suer seized his flying 'victim; and, with one lightning stroke,* buried the axe in her skull, afid with one . wild dispariug shreik, that no hur.'ian lips could utter, sh^ sank to the floor, close to tbe spot where The Tug lay. To eavour 10 picture our hero's fearful position, were simply to at tempt the impossible. He who never before had ki own fear, now lay trembling in the most abject manner. The ghastly uagedy enacted around bim froze his blood with a chill of agony, that words completely fail to describe. He began,to realize that his reason was tottering ; froiii its base, so wi«h one isupeihiiirian effort he succeeded in springing up and frantically attempted po grasp the midnight murderer, but only suc ceed in clutching into vacancy. Al though the phantom still stood over its victim, instantly the light again subsided, and presently went.out.al together. The Tug staggered t«» the door, where the fresh night air some what revived bim, and enabled him to reach his companions' camp; where be fell fainting among them. A good nobbier of brandy brought ! him round sufficiently for them to glean from his incoherent sentences, something of the awful events be had just witnessed, i - The Tug lost his bet, and, what ■ was much worse, his reason . also. For ever afterwards Jh'e was acranky, and from that night he rapidly be came ,an old man, decripid,- bent and tottering, always, heard mumbling things that could hardly be under stood. .* The very few that cared to talk with bijn found his thoughts al ways in connection with the haunted: hut, and it was noticed that as every July came atonnd be made hia . way to Ral Ral, and j as if by some unac countable force, was drawn towards the haunted hut, and there to - ex perience over again ; that nocturnal horror;-.;;f-\ >.f»< ' ■ ' ' ' Pour years afterwards ;his body, cold and staik, was foimd by . a boundary1 rider inside' the hut, with features distorted: and a fearf»l man ner, clearly indicating that'; in 1 his last momepts he had witnessed a repetition of that grnepo''i»> Buenej that had iuat fciiu his lagi bit. 