NOVEL. — CAPTAIN CLOSE. by captain charles king. CHAPTER VII.— (Continued). This did not prohibit the men from buy ing Vhat the Walton servauts offered for sale outside the fence, and if they wore so straitened in circumstan ;es they might be glad to find a market for their surplus produce even among the Yankee invaders, provided Madam Walton were kept in ignoranee of the traffic. She was uncom promising. No intercourse with, no re cognition of, the barbarians, was her rule to kith and kin, and the few negroes who stiU hung about the crumbling old place repeated her words with the fear born of long-continued discipline under her roof and rod in the days of their enforced and unquestioning servitude. These and other items of information as to his surroundings the young lieutenant had obtained from Sergeant burns in the course of their evening watch together. He had no other means of studying the situation, and was but one of the many new and comparatively inexperienced officers thrown upon their own resources at isolated posts among the States lately in rebellion.' Not yet twenty-four hours on duty with his company, ne had been ordered to proceed with an armed force to the succour of officers of law supposably besieged by a rebellious mob, and now, at midnight, in the heart of a strange country and far from the heart of its people he was commanding officer of his company and camp, without definite in structions of any kind and only liis native common sense to guide him. Lambert has since told two women — his ; wife and his mother— how his thoughts wandered back to the peaceful old home stead in the far Northland, and the teach ings of his boyhood days. He made a sturdy fight against the feeling of loneli ness that oppressed him. He wished the wind did not blow so sulkily, in such spiteful, vicious puffs. It seemed as though nature bad combined with old Lady Walton to give him ungracious wel come to this particularly shad/ side of tho sunny South. The wind itself was whis pering sarcastic and withering remarks to him, liko those the sergeant repeated as coming from Madam Walton to the de fenceless captain; and even Burne's sense of subordination could not down his im pulse to chuckle over some of them. What would Lambert do or say if the prim and starchy daino were to call upon him, as she occasionally had cn his superior, driving him at last to tho refuge of the nethermost depths of his tent, whence, as Burns declared, 'the captain couldn't be induced to come out till the old lady was back inside her own door ' P The last time he 'tied up Biggs' — a punishment much resorted to in the rough war days and those that closely followed them, especially by those officers who were themselves graduated frim the ranks or the volunteers — it was for trespass on the Walton place. The fellow had climbed the fence and was pilfering among the old fruit trees when caught by Madam Walton. That waejbad enough, but lie had been impudent to her, which was worse. The men themselves would probably have ducked him in the stream — tho old, self- respecting soldiers, that is —had the captain not ordered his sum mary punishment. Lambert was wonder ing what steps he should take in the interests of discipline, when he finally blew out his candle, determined/if a pos sible thing to get to sleep. It was just a quarter-past twelve when he wound his watch and stowed it under his rude pil low. His revolver, the day's purchase, lay, with some matches, close at hand. He had even placed his sword and belt at the foot of his cot. The last thing he thought of before closing his eyes was that he would have to get a lantern on the morrow, even if he bought it of Cohon ; but it was also the last thing he thought of when the morrow came. 1 Was it the wind again, whispering ugly things, or the ghost of Lady Walton, with her acidulated tongue, that roused him, he knew not how many minutes — or hours later? Something was whispering, surely. The wind had been doing a good deal of that sort of thing all the night long among the leaves, a good deal of Bnarling and growling at times, and there was muttered Bnarling going on around him now. That might be the wind ; but the wind would not trip up over a tent rope and say such blasphemous things about it, even if it did nearly pull the flimsy structure down, in an instant Lambert was wide awake. Who's there ?' he challenged, sternly. No answer, — not in words, at least, — but there' was sound. as of stealthy yet hurried, movement, more straining at the ropes on the side nearest the captain's tent, and heavy, startled breathing, W ho's there ?' he repeated, reaching for his revolver. ' Answer, or I fire.' Then camo a mighty strain, a jerk, a stumble and plunge, the sound as of a heavy fall, followed by instant scramble and a rush of footfalls around the rear of camp. Lambert was out of bed and into his boots in half a minute; but iu his . haste he upset the chair on which la the matches, and the box went rolling to the floor. Pistol in liaud, ho darted out into the night, and found it black as Erebus. Quickly ho rail to the first sergeant's tent, but Burns was hard - to waken after the long day's work. Once roused, however, he was soon out, lantern in hand, while Lambert hastily dressed, and then to- gether they scouted camp. a glance at their tent showed that Biggs and Murphy were still absent. a peep at the watch showed that it was almost two o'clock ; a search around Lambert's tent revealed nothing beyond the fact that the corner peg to which the tent-fly was guyed was torn from the ground, and the soft, sandy soil showed that heavy hoot-heels had made their imprint. Then Burns, still lantern-bearing, went crouching low around the back of Close's tent, while Lambert, with straining ears, stood stock still an instant in front, then, of a sudden, tore like mad through the rousing camp, out past the dim white canvas of the waggons, out past the startled sentry, up the steep pathway to the hard red road beyond, down which he ran on the wings of the wind till he reached the gateway to the forbidden ground, for a woman's agonised shriek had rang out upon the night, and the sound of blows, of crashing glass, of fierce and desperate struggle, of muttered oaths, of panting, pleading, half-stifled cries, of wild dismay and re newed screams for help, all came crowd ing on the ear from the heart of the Walton placo. CHAPTER viii. As he rushed around the Southern side of the old house,-— the side whence all this uproar proceeded, — Lambert came sud denly upon two dim, swaying figures. The one nearest him — that of a man— was clutching, throttling, apparently, a Blighter form in white, a woman. The butt of his revolver straightened out the dark figure with one crack, and then for a moment everything was darkness and confusion. a lamp, held by some scream ing female at a neighbouring window, was dropped with a crash. The screams sub sided to scurry and chatter and Ethiopian protestations and furious demands : ' You Elinor ! you black nigguh ! — you let me out this room instantly!' The rush of footsteps to the window again, and tragic appeals : ' Mamma — ma-am-ma ! Whut's happened ? Do answer ! Do make Elinor let me to you, or Ah'U jump out this window. Ah'in coming now.' And in deed a dim, slender form could jnst be descried, arrayed in white, bending low from the casement, when Burns with his lantern came tearing round the corner. Then a majestic voice, imperious even though well-nigh breathless, was heard : ' Katharine, return to your bed instantly. Do you hear? Instantly! And send Elinor to me.' That Katherine shot back within the sheltering blinds was possibly due not so much to the impetus given her by those imperative orders as to that imparted by the sight of a pair of shoulder-straps and the face of the young officer gazing in be wilderment about him. Well might he look amazed ! At his feet on the pathway Private Riggs was sprawling, still half stunned by the bloiv he had received. On his hack, amidst the wreck of a glass hot bed, Private Murphy was clutching at empty air and calling on all the saints in the Hibernian calendar to rescue him from the hands of that' old beldam. On the pathway, in a loose wrapper, her bosom heaving with mingled wrath and exhaustion, one hand firmly clutching a stout cane,' the other clasping together at her white neck the shreds of her torn and dishevelled garb, her dark eye3 flashing lice, her lips quivering, stood a woman certainly not fifty years of age, despite the silver in the beautiful hair streaming down upon her shoulders, and the deep lines of grief and care in her clear-cut and thoroughbred face. She leaned heavily on the stick an instant, but raised it threateningly as the luckless Murphy strove to sit up and staunch the blood trickling from his lacerated hands and face. 'Don't you dare to move, suh,' she panted, ' unless ' And the uplifted i came supplied, most suggestively, the ellipsis. , Oh, fur the luv o' God, ma-am, don't hit me ag'in ! Sure i'd niver prezhoome, ma'am ' ' Shut . up, Murphy !' growled Burns. ' It's easy to see what brought you here. — Shall I let Biggs up, lieutenant ? He's bleeding a good deal.' But Biggs didn't want to get up. He flopped helplessly back upon the grass- plot. Burns bent over and held his lan tern close. 'The man's drunk,' sir,' he slid, — 'and cut.' ' I did that, I presume,' said Lambert, still a little out of breath after the dash to the rescue. ' I found him daring to lay hands on this lady. — Madam, I sin cerely hope you are not in j urcd. It is im- possible for me to say how I deplore this outrage. These men shall suffer for it, I assure you.' With rapid step the corporal of the guard, bringing with him a couple of men and another lantern, came hurriedly to the scene and stood silent and alert, glancing eagerly from face to face. Two or three frightened negroes had crept around the rear portico and hung trem bling behind their mistross. With a shawl thrown over her head and shoul ders, a quadroon girl halted half-way down the steps" from the side door, her eyes dilated, and her lips twitching in terror, until a low voice from within bade her go on, and a tall, dark-haired, pale- fac.'d girl in long, loose wrapper fairly pushed her forward and then stepped quickly to the elder womaa'sside. , 'Go bock to the house at once, my child. This is no place for you. Go to Katherine and tell her I say she must not- leave her bed. Go !' And silently as she came, but with infinite and evident re luctance, the tall girl turned and obeyed. Mrs. Walton had spokon slowly and with effort. Of Mr. Lambert and his party she had as yet taken no notice whatever. Again Murphy began to squirm in his un comfortable couch of mingled mud and. broken glass and liead- lettuce, and the crackling accompaniment to his moaning once more made him the object of the- lady's attention.' Lie still, suh,' she said, low and sternly. ' You have broken mob glass now, suh" than youh captain can replace. Lie stiU whuh you are until my suhvants lift yom out. — Henry !' she called. ' Ye- ossum,' was tho answer, as one of the negroes came reluctantly forward, humbly twirlinga battered hat in his hands. ' Go fetch your barrow.' 'Indeed. Mrs. Walton,' interposed Tim ber, 'you need not trouble yourself. The- guard shall carry theso two scoundrels to camp, and prison life at Ship Island/or Tortugas, will put a stop to their prowl ing. It is on your account I am dis tressed. We have no surgeon at hand; i will send at once for the doctor in town'— She raised a slender white hand, re- linguishing her grasp upon the cane, which now went clattering upon the- gravel of the walk. It was a sign to check him, and respectfully he broke off in his- hurried words. Then agaiu she turned to- the nogro, who stood with twitching face, irresolute, beside her. Did you hear me, Henry ? Go.' Again Biggs began to groan and stretch forth feeble hands. Burns looked ap- pealingly to his young officer, then as- appealingly to the lady. Clearly, she waB the mistress of tho situation. Lambert had quickly stooped and picked up the- cane, but she did not see, apparently, that he wished to restore it to her. In the- light of the lanterns the mark of Bigg's- clutch was plainly visiblo at her white and. founded throat. ' Two of you lift this fellow,' said Burns- to the corporal ; and between them Biggs, was heaved to his sprawling feet. 'Get him over to camp now and bathe his head. Pat a bayonet through him if he tries to- bolt. I'll be titers presently. And of Biggs, her assailant, and of Bigg's removal under guard, the lady of the Walton homestead took no note what ever. Rebuffed, yet sympathetic, Lambert again essayed to speak, but the rattle of tho barrow was heard, and Henry once more loomed up within the zone of lan tern light. ' Lift that— puhsou— out,' she said. And when Burns would bave lent a helping- liand, she interposed : ' No, I beg you. My suhvants will attend to this.' And neither Lambert nor his sergeant made- further effort.- Murphy, lifted from the wreck of 'the ruined hot-bed, abject and crestfallen, scratched and bruised and bleeding, yet neither so deadened by drink nor so stunned by the rain of blows which he had suffered as not to appreciate the humiliation of his position, was squatted in the barrow. At an imperious gesture from Madam Walton, Henry . started to- wheel him away, the corporal of the guard in close attendance. And then, with calm dignity and re covered breath, the lady turned to the boy officer : \- 1 have not thanked yon yet — ' Oh, Mrs. Waltou, I beg you not to- speak of thanks. If you knew how— how ashamed I am, and my regiment will be — that any of our men could have dared- The very intensity of the yonng fellow's indignation choked him, and gave her the floor. ' Once before this they came, and then I warned. This time, having no men to call upon ' (negroes, it seems, could not he- counted as such), ' I was compelled, my self, to chastise. May I ask the safe re turn of our harrow, — it is the only vehicle the war has left us, — and that we may be permitted to retire?' And she swept a stately courtesy. ' But, madam '. began JLambert, ut terly chagrined at the attitude of cold and determined avoidance in which she persisted, ' you have been brutally handled ; i insist on sending for our con tract doctor : it iB the best we can offer to-night-: — ' 'Neither to-night, nor» at any other time, would hi3 suhvioes be acceptable, suh. I need no doctoh. We learned— we had to learn — how to do without luxuries of every kind during the war ; and Dr. Hand — I think that is the name of the physician you reler to — would be too much of a luxury at any time. I regret that you men should need his suhvices, but they brought it on themselves.' 'They will need 1-iin more before the captain gets through with 'em, ma'am,' said Sergeant Burns, seeing that his young superior was at a loss what to say. As he spoke, the tall, dark-haired girl onco more appeared, and swiftly, noiselessly stepped to her mother's side. There'd be no need of a court-martial or of your having to testify, if Captaia Cl< se could settle this— pr let us do it.' ' Mother, come in, — please do,— and let these gentlemen go,' said the girl. ' In deed, we are very much obliged to yon, she continued, addressing Lambert, ' for 1 comihgso quickly,' (To be continued.) 