JANET AND THE DEVIL The Rev. Murdoch Soulis was long minis ter of the moorland parish of Balwcary -n the Vale of Dulo. A severe, bleak-faced old man. dreadful to his hearers, ho dwelt in the lost years of his life without relative, or ser vant, or any human company, in the small and lonely manse under the Banging Shaw. In spite of the iron composure of hiB f entures, his eye was .wild, scarrd, and uncertain: and when' he dwelt, in private admonitions, on the future of the impenitent, it seemed as if his cyo pierced through -the stormB of time to the terrors of eternity. The inause itself, whhre it stood by the water of Dule, among some thick trees, with the Shaw overhanging it on one side, and on the other many cold, nm.nlimd hill-tops rising toward thu sky, had begun at a veryrearly. period of Mr. Soulis's ministry to befaivoided in the dusk hours by all who prided .themselves upon their prudoncx; and gudemnn sitting at the ale-house shook their heads together at the thought of passing Jata by that dreary ' neighbourhood. There was one spot, to be morcparticulor. which was regarded with es pecial awe. 'The manse stood between the high road and the water of Dule. The house was two stories high, with two large rooms on. each. It opened notdirectlvon the garden, but on a cause-wayed path, or passage, giving on the road on one haml, and closed on the other by the tall willows and elders tlmt bordered on the strenm. And it was this strip of causeway that en joy e 3 among the young- parishioners of Balweary so infamous a reputation. Tneminister walked there often after dark, sometimes groaning aloud in the intensity of his unspoken prayers ; and when he was from homo, apdihe manse door was locked, the more daring schoolboys' ven tured, with beating hearts, to -' follow my leader ' across that legendary spot. Many, even of the people of the parish, were ignorant of the cause of the minister's strange looks and solitary life. Fifty years before. wheD Mr. Soul is came first into Bal weary, ho wns still a young man, full of book learning and grand at expounding it, but, as was natural in so young a man, with no ex perience as a pastor. The younger sort were greatly taken with his gifts and his talk; but old, concerned, Berious men and and women ere moved evon to prayer for the young man whom they took to be a self-deceiver, ani the : parish that was like tD be so ill eupplicd. There was no doubt, anyway, but that Mr. Soulis hail been a long time at col lege. He was careful and troubled for many things beside the one thing needful. He had a great number of books with him — more than had ever been seen before in all that presbytery; and hard work the carrier had with them, for they wore all like to have stopped behind in the Deil's Hag, between Balneary and Kilmarkerlie. He desired to get an oH, decent woman to keep the manse for him, and see to his dinners; and he was recommended to an old crone— .Janet M'Clour. they called her. There were many advised him to the contrary, for Janet was more than suspected by the best folk in BuL weary. Long before that she had hod a child to a diagoon; sho had not come to com munion for maybe thirty yearn; and boys had seen her mumbling to herself up on Key's Loan in the gloaming, which wasvan unusual time and place for a God-fearing woman. However, it was Ac laird himself that had first told the ministetcf Janet; and in tliOBo idays he would have gone a great way to please the laird. When {pike told him that Janet was sold to tiio _rt/vil, it was all superstition, he said. When it got about the village that Janet M'Clour wasTto be servant at the manse, the folks were fairly mad with both him and her; and Bome of the women had nothing better to do than get round her door-step ani charge her with all that was known against her,from the solder's child to John Tamson's two cows, tip she got, and there was not an old story in Balweary but she made somebody smart for it that day; they couldn't say one thiDg, but she could say two to it, till, at last, the gudewives caught hold of her and clawed the clothes off her back, and palled her down the road to the water of the Dule. to see if she were a witch, and would sink or swim. 1'Jie nag shrieked till you could hear her at the Hang ing Shaw, and sho fought hard. There was many a gudewife bore the mark of her next day and many a long day after; and just in (he hottest of the hubbub, who should come up but the new minister. 11 Women,' said he (aDd he had r grand voice), ' I charge you in the Lord's name to let her go. ' Janet ran to him— she was fairly wild with terror — and clung to him, and prayed him, for Christ's sake, to save her from her tor mentors ; and they, for their part, told him all that was known, and maybe more. ' Woman,' sayB he to Janet, ' is this true ?' ' As the Lord seeB me,' says she, ?? as the Lord made me, not a word of it Saving the !child,' says she, ' I've been a decent woman all my days.' 'Will you,' says Mr.- -S-iulis, 'in the name of God, and before me, his unworthy minister, renounce the devil and his works ?' Well, it would appear that when he asked that, she gave a groan that fairly frightened those who saw her, and they could hear her teeth grind together in her- jaws ; but there was nothing for it but the -one way or the other ; and Janet lifted up her hand, and re nounced the devil before them all. ' And now,' eaid Mr. Soulis to the good women, ' home with you, one and all, and pray to God for his forgiveness.' And be gave Janet his arin,ihough she had little on her but a shift, and took her up the road to her own door like a lady of the land ; and her screeching and laughing was a scan dal to be heard. There were many solemn-faced people long over their prayers that night ; but when the morning came there was such fear fell upon all Balweary that the children hid them selves, and even the men folk stood and peeped from their doors. For there was Janet coming down the .road — she or her likeness, none could tell —with her neck disjointed, and her head on one side like a body that had been hanged, and a look on her f ace like an unburied corpse. By and by they got usod to it, and even looked at her to Bee what was wrong; but from that day forth Bhe could not speak like a Chris tian woman, but BtuUered and stammered, and the name of God never came on her lips. Sometimes she tried to Bay it, but it might not be. Those that knew her best said least; but they never gave that Thing the name of Janet M'Clour, for old Janet they thought, was in the deepest hell by this time. But the minister was neither to hold nor to bind; he preached about nothing but the cruelty of the people that had given her a stroke of the palsy; he punished the children that tor mented her, and he had her up to the manse that same night, and dwelt there all alone with her under the Hanging Shaw. About the end of June there came a spell of weather, the like of which was never known before; it was close, and hot, and breathless; and yet it was guBty, too, with guBts of wind that whistled through the glens, and bits of showers that moistened nothing. Mr. Soulis could neither eat nor sleep, and when he was not writing at his weary book he would be roaming over the country-side like a man possessed, when everybody else was glad to keep cool within the house. Above the Hanging Shaw, in the bend of the Black Hill, . there is a bit of inclosed ground with an iron gate, at one times tho ohurchyord_pf Balweary, andoqnseorawd by the papists before the blessed light shone upon tho kingdom. It was a great resoi t of Mr. Soulis's; there he would sit and con sider his sermons. Well, as ho came over the west end of Black Hill one day, he saw , first two, then four, and then seven black I crows flying around and around above the old churchyard. They flew low and heavy, and squawked to one another. He was not easily startled, and' went straight up to the walls; and what did he see but a man, sit ting in the iuBide upon a grave. He was of great stature, and black as hell, and his eyes were singular to see. Mr. Soulis had heard of black men many times; but there was something forbidding about this black man that caused him to start. But up he spoke, for all of that, and said: ' My friend are you a stranger in this place ?' The black man answered not a word ; he got upon his feet, and began to walk to the wall on the far side; but he still looked at the minister, and the minister stood and looked back, ' till suddenly the block man was over tie wall and running for the shade of the trees. Mr. Soulis, he hardly knew why, ran after him, but he was wearied with his walk, and the hot, unwholesome weather; and run as ho would he got up mure than a glimpse of the black man among the trees, till he got down to the foot of the hillside, and there he saw him once more, going hop-step-aud-jump over Dule water to the manse. Mr. Soulis was not pleased that this ill looking creature should make so free with Balweary manse, and he ran. the harder, but no black man was there to be seen. He stepped out upon the road, but there was no body there ; he went all over the (fardeu, but saw'oo black man. 'At last, arid it is feared a little timidly, as was but natural, he lifted the ha*p and went into the manse, and there was. Janet M'Ulour before his eyes, with her broken neck, and none too* pleased to see him'. And he then remembered that when first he set his eyes upon her he felt the same cold and deadly shiver. ' Janet,' said ho, 'have you seen a black ' A black man !' quoth she. ' Save us all ! You are not in your right mind, minis ter. There iB no black man in all Bal weary.' But she did not speak plain, you must understand, but champed liko a pony with the bit in its mouth. ' Well, Janet,' said he, ' if there is no black iuan, I have spoken with the Evil One.' And he sat down like one nith a fever, and his teeth chattered in his head. ?'Pshaw!' said she; 'think shame to yourself, minister!' And she gave him some brandy, which she always kept by her. Soon Mr. Souliu went into his study among his books. Down he sat, and thought of all that had cuine and gone since lie was in Bal we.iry. The more he thought, the more he thought of the black man. He tried to pray, -but the words would not come to him; and he 'tried, they say, to write at his book, but h.v could not do anything at that. There wore times that he thoujht the black man was at his Hide, and the perspiration stood on him cold as well water; and there were other times when he came to himself like a Christum child and minded nothing. The upshot was that he went to tho window, and stood look ing over Dule water. The treea are rather thick, and the water lies duou und black under the manse ; and there was Janet wash ing the clothes, with her skirts gathered about her waist. She had her back to the minister, and he, for hia part, hardly k new what he was looking at. suddenly she turned around and showed her face. Mr. Soulis felt the same cold shiver as twice before on that day, and it reminded him of what people said, that Janet had died long since, and this was a demon in her day-cold flesh. He drew back a little and scanned her narrowly. She wae washing the clothes, singing to herself ; und, oh, God guide us, bnt it was a frightful face ! Then Bhe sang louder, but there was no man born of woman that could toll the words of her Bong. And at times she looked side-long down, but there was nothing there for her to look at. There went a shudder through the flesh upon his bones, and that was heaven's warning. Bur Mr. Soulis just blamed himself, he said, to think so ill of a. poor, old, afflicted creature who had not a friend but himself. And he ofiered up a prayer for himself and her, and drank a little k water— for his heart rose against the meat— and went up to his bed in the gloaming. That was a night that has never been for gotten in Balweary, the night of the seven teenth of August, 1712. It bad been hot before, as I have said, but that night it was hottor than ever. The sun went down among uncouth-looking clouds ; not a star nor a breath of wind. You could not see your hand before your face, and even the old folk cast the covers from their beds and lay panting for their breath. With all that he had upon his mind, Mr. Soulis was troubled; the good, cool bed that he got into scorched his very bones; he slept and wak ened; he heard tho time of night, and a dog howling up the moor, as if somebody was d™d; he thoueht he heard devils shouting in his cars, and saw ghosts in the room. Ho must, ho thought, be sick, and sick he was— little he understood the sickness. At last his mind got clearer, and he sat up on the bedside, and fell to thinking once more of the block man and Janet. He could not well tell how— maybe it was the cold to his feet— but it came in upon him. like a flash, that there was some connection be tween the two, and that either or both of them were demons. And just at that moment in Janet's room, which was next to his, there came a scuffle of feet, as if men were wrestl ing, and then a loud bang; then a wind went rustling around the four quarters of the house, and then all was once more as silent as the grave. Mr. Soulis was afraid of neither man nor devil. He got his tinder-box and lit a candle, and made three steps towards Janet's door. It was st indine ajar, and he pushed it open, and walked boldy in. It was a big room, as big as the minister's, and filled with grand, old, solid furniture, for he had nothing else. There was a four-post bed with old tapestry, and a broad cabinet of oak, put there to be out of the wav, and a few clothes of Janet's lying here and there about the floor. But no Janet could Mr. Soulis see, nor any sign of contention. In be went (and there's few that would have followed him), and looked around and listened. But there was nothing to be heard, neither inside the manse nor in all Balweary parish, and nothing to be seen but the little Shadows turning round the candle. And then all at once the minister's heart fluttered and stood stock-still, and a cold wind blew among the hairs of his head. What a weary sight was that for tBe poor man's eye! For there was Jaoet, hanging from a nail beside the old oak cabinet; her head lay on her shoulder, her eyes were bloodv.the tongue projected from her mouth, and her heels were three feet clear above the ' floor. ' - ? ? -j. ? ' God forgive us all!' thought Mr. Soulis; ' poor Janet's dead.' He came a step nearer to the corpse, and then his heart fairly leaped in his breast. For, by what magic it would ill-beseem a man to judge, she was hanging from a single nail, and by a single worsted thread for darning hose. It is an awful thing to be alone at night with such a prodigy of darkness, but Mr. Soulis was strong in the Lord. He turned and went his way out of that room, and locked the door behind him, and went, stop by step, down the stall's, heavy as lead, and Bet down the candle on the table at the stair-foot. He could not pray ; he could not think; be was dripping with cold sweat, and nothing could he hear but the thumping of his own heart. He may have stood third an hour, or maybe two, he minded so little, when all of a sudden he heard a low, un usual rustle up stairs, and a foot went to and fro in the chamber where the corpse was cangipg. Next the door was opened— though he had minded well that he had locked it— and then there was a step upon the landing, and it seemed to him as if the corpse was looking over the rail and down upon him where he stood. He took up the candle again, and, as Suickly as lie could, went straight out of lie manse and to the far end of the cause way. It was still pitch dark; the flame of the candle, when he set it on the pround, burned steady and clear as in a roomjuothing moved but the Dule water, seeping and sob bing down tile fflen, and the unholy footstep that came toiling down the Blairs inside the manse. He knew the footstep well, for it was Janet's; and at each step, which came a little nearer,thc cold got deeper in bis vitals. He commended Mb soul to Him that made and kept him ; ' and, oh, Lord,' said he, ' give me strength this night to war agaiust the powers of evil.' By this time tho foot was coming through ?»-? nmive for the door. He could hear a hand feeling along the wall, a« if the Toar ful thing was feeling its way. The brandies tossed and moaned together; a long sil-Ii came over -Jno hills; tho flame of the candle was blown about ; and there stood the corpse of Thrawn Janets with her gingham gown and her black shawl, with tho houil still upon the shoulder, and the frown etilf upon the face of it-livinp, you would have said; dead, as Mr. Soulis well knew— upon tho threshold of the manse. She did not stand thorn Ions. She \wnn to move again, and cntne slowly toward Mr. Soulis whoie he stood under the trees. All the life of his body and the strength of his spirit were Btarting from his eyes. It seemed she was going to speak, but wanted words, and mode a sign with the left hand. There came a gust of wind, like a cat's-paw; out went the candle, the tree tops -moaned like human beings, and Mr. Soulis knew that, live or die. this was the end of it. ' Witch, beldame, devil I' he cried, ' I charge you by the power of God, begone! If you be dead, to the grave; if you bo damned, And at that moment the Lord's own hand, out of the heavens, struck the horror where it stood. The old, dead, desecrated corpse of the wilch-wife, bo long kept from the grave and hustled around by devils, flashed up like flaming brimstone, and fell in ashes to tho ground. The thunder came, peal on peal, followed by the pouring rain, and Mr. Soulis leaped through the garden hedge and ran, with leap upon leap, for the village. That same morning John Christie eaw the black man pass the Muckle Cairn as it was striking six. Before eight he went by the inn at' Knockdown; and not long after Sandy McLellan saw him go slinking down the road from Kilmkerlie. There's little doubt but it was him that dwelled so long in Janet's body. But he was caught at last, and since then the devil has never troubled Balweary. But it was a sore dispensation for the minister. Lonjr, long he lay raving in his bed, and from that hour to this he was a changed man. — ' The Argonaut.' 