A LION'S WHELP. A STORT OF THE SOUTH AFRICAN WAR. [BY A. G. HALES.] WRI TTEN ON STORMBERG BATTLEFIELD. He was only a boy, and lie looked ii, in spite of the rifle that was slung over iiis clean-cut shoulders; the men called him " the Kid," which was apt to raise his wrath at times, far he was genuinely ashamed of his hairless chin, and cheeks. He shaved religiously as often as lie could find the time and the soap, whereat the huge, hairy-faced animals, who formed the greater part of Mont morenci's Scouts, would grin behind their hands, and make unholy allusions to " crops that would not grow in new ground-" His mother would not have been ashamed of him if she could have seen him that morning, standing with his left hand oil his horse's bridle-rein, whilst the rising sun frollicked in and out amidst his reddish-brown curls, which his wide-brimmed scout's hat, with black drooping feathers, only half concealed. His father would not have blushed to own him had he been there to see the well poised head thrown de fiantly back; the bold, full throat all bare to the morning breeze ; the hard, brown hands so shapely, yet so strong, for lie looked like a lion's whelp, and an hour later he died like ene. Mont morenci's Scouts were out for business, not for a picnic party; they stood behind a low kopje holding their horses in readiness for attack, whilst their leader, the fearless Montmorenci, himself skirted the hill, and swept the veldt beyond with his field-glasses. The scouts knew perfectly well that the Boers wore close to them, they knew that the Boers \yere aware of their pre sence, they knew, also, that it was going to be a duel to the death; and these men, who knew the Bders and their ways better than any men living, looked grimly serious, for each man knew well in his heart that before the shadows of evening fell death would have shaken hands with many a British scout ami! many a Boer veldt hunter. It was a j strange scene for a man to look upon j -a scene where the shadows. of war i seemed to flirt with the sunshine of ] peace. Two long lines of kopjes- j black, bare, and stern-browed-ran in parallel lines from north to south, whilst a strip of veldt a mile wide stretched between the two, like a long green band of water betwixt its banks. The morning wind bent and swayed the green grass with its caressing touch, and the sunshine. and the shadows met, embraced, and melted apart again, like lovers meeting by moonlight. Yet, in the kopjes on the eastern side, Boer marksmen, crouched behind rocks, with rifles slung over their knees, watched and waited; whilst from the western hills Montmorenci's scouts scanned every ripple in the grass with keen-set eyes. Both Boer and Briton knew that no chances were to be thrown away. They had hunted for each other's lives for weeks, pitting cunning against | cunning, skill against skill, and the honors had been about even; but the day had at last arrived when one or the other would have to (all back broken and beaten. , The leader of the scouts was the first to grow weary of the game of patience. Turning to one of his officers he sqid ; " It's no use sitting here any longer; that fellow Van Brokhazzin will not shift into the open if 1 wait for him till doomsday. We'll have Jo go and fetch him out." The scout shook his head. " The man who goes into the open goes to his death as soon as he gets within range of their rifles' and a Mauser rifle carries far, sir," he said. Montmorcncrclosed his glasses with a snap and picked up his rifle. " I'll be .the first to go, then," he said, " This Boer fellow shall not say that Montmorcnci's scouts were afraid to face him. I'll go out as master of cere monies and send him a leaden invita tion to the dance." Twenty seconds later the scouts slipped out of the kopjes, crawling on hands and knees through the grass, making from one anthill or loose rock to another, creep ing slowly but with unswerving cer tainty towards the Boer position. Mont morenci himself walked nonchalantly a good hundred paces in front of his men until he reached a spot which seemed good to him to open the battle ; then lie dropped oil one knee and, raising his ride steadily, fired at the kopje in front of liiin. It. was his " invitation to the dance of death," and the Boers did not delinc it. Out they crept from their hiding places in the rocky kopje, stealthily, like panthers, they slipped one by one into the veldt grass, and they too crept behind the low bushes or any kind of cover that the plain offered them until the two hostile parties were well within rifle range of each other, and then the awful game of slaughter began in deadly earnest; rifle spoke to rifle until the warm African earth was painted in many places with the rich crimson life-blood of both Boer and Briton. Suddenly the British leader sprang from cover and made a reckless dash towards the 'enemy's lines. It was a madman's effort, a wanton waste of life, f*r in the twinkling of an eye half a dozen rifles cracked, and he, the very flower of chivalry, reeled in. his tracks, staggered a moment, wheeled halfway round towards his own men, and then fell as a tree falls. His men saw his limb's twiching in the grass, they knew that there was not one chance in a million that bis wounds were not mortal, for the men they were fighting were the flower of the marksmen of the whole Boer army. A grim-faced old scout called to his mates, ^ " It's all over with the captain, boys ; if he' not dead now he'll bleed to death in forty seconds." " If >ve could bring him in he might have a chance," replied his right hand mate, as he filled his magazine, and peered cautiously round his'sheltering anthill for some one to shoet at. " I'd risk it," snarled the first speaker, " if there was a ghost of a chance, but it's certain death to any man who stands on his feet here. No man outside of a lunatic asylum wtfiild try it." But he was»mistaken, for even as' he spoke a well-knit boyish figure leapt up within a dozen yards of hita, and made a headlong rush for the spot where the leader of the scouts- lay so strangely still. » j " Come back, . Kid,' ?' yelled a 1 score of. voices. " Come back, for Christ'^ sake I" But the Kid did notf coine back. The bullets fell around him like a rain shower. They cut the earth up around htm, in front of him, behind him; the little leaden devils that hissed so fiercely ripped through his clothes and carried away his hat, yet not one of them touched the fear less young lion as he need onward, trying, for his fallen leader's sake, to .utstrip death. He reached Mont morenci's side, knelt swiftly and picked up the head of the one he had wor shipped as. a leader and loved as a man, and found that, fleet as his footsteps had ibeen, the feet of death had,tbeen fleeter; gently he laid the soldier down on the plain-gently and reverently, though the very air around him was quivering with flying lead. Then he reached for the captain's rifle, and, throwing himself full length on the veldt beside the dead man, he answered the enemies' fire with a hand so steady that even their boldest shrank back before him. And when at last the Boers drew off slowly and sullenly before our men, the Scouts made a rush to the spot, and there they found him with a bullet wound in the centre ot his boyish fore head, and en his stern, set face, the shadow of a smile. Looking down upon their two dead friends, the Scouts lifted theii* hats re verently. Then one of them said: '. Montmorenci died like a lion, boys." " Aye, mate," said another, " and ' the Kid' was a lion's whelp, wherever he was bred, and" he lived and died like one. . 