THE STORY-TELLER. SAO LUNG'S GHOSTS. ("Illustrated Mail.") "What's the matter, old chap? You look yery worried." "Don't know about looking worried,"*For rester answered. "I certainly feel duced puzzled, Glayton. Those creepy occurrences are still going on in my bungalow; and, as I told you bel'ore, I loathe anything 1 can'^t get to the bottom of in ttie« first haif-hour.' He put bis white sun hat down on the table, and wiped the perspiration from his forehead. "Take my word for it," said Clayton, "you'll find out that that preei OUB Chinese dark of yours is at the bottom of it all. Jove1. I -wouldn't have that creature about one for all the wealth in Prince Tuan's palace t" "They're every one of them alike, Clay ton," Forrester answered. ''There never .was a Chinaman yet who was one degree better than his neighbour. I know you disapprove of Sao Lung. But Sao Lung is useful. He knows my woirk, and does for mo-which is a mighty considerationa in a climate where all your natural energy is used up in the stewing process." "Does j'our work and steals your money," Clayton said, ironically, "and spends his leisure time manufacturing ghosts to scare you out of your bungalow. What is the last develojt-ement, old man?" "Oh, a howling dog, or something. The roost devilish, unearthly row you ever lis tened to, Clayton! I tell you no man's nerves could sltand it for more than a week. Last night there was a particularly pro longed and dismal howl. It brought Sao Lung into my presence, wearing a sickly grin on his oblique countenance. "Yes?" . "I banged him out of the room again pretty smartly. You know my way with Celestials, old chap. He came back, how ever, and in a solemn voice declared that that especially gruesome howl was intended io mark the fall of Pekin." Clayton-laughed heartily. "At his picturesque yarns again, is he?" !he exclaimed. "Why the duce don't you horsewhip liini, Forresber?" But Forrester was inclined to take the thing far more seriously. "There might be some truth in these yarns of his about the Boxer uprisings," he said, rather gloomily. His wife and child were in Pekin. Clayton laughed again. "And if what he says is in any way right, CLayton, you and I are in a bit of a hole out here," Forrester wound up in the same despondent voice. His last speech caused a short silence to fall between them. And no wonder! They would indeed be in a bit of a hole if Sao Lung was for onc-e telling somewhat of the truth. "But be isn't," Claiyton remarked oonfi dentlv. "Never has done so yet. Why should lie now? No, old fellow; I'll take you anything you like Sao Lung is playing some deep game, and you and I have got to get the belter of him if we can." The mysterious noises in Forrester's bamboo slied-dignified with the name of bungalow-continued. Forrester was in no degree superstitious-but it would have been idiotic to attempt to discredit the sounds. Thev existed only too surely, and he chafed horribly because he could not discover the source from wh.ch they emana ted. "It is the Great Jo .Spirit, m.isler," Sao Lung would say, with a cheerful grin. ".Master look velly despondee. ter makee clieeree up. Spirit seekee vengeance. Spirit wantee water, wantoe money. Master, give me money for spirit, then dog dryee up. Spirit Io go to Pekin-ah, Pekin allee poolee blood." He had said it so often that Forrester at last began to fear that the yellow scoun drel was speaking the truth-about Pekin, that is. Clayton still maintained that Lung was playing a game. "How do you get your news?" he said sarcastically to the Chinaman. Lung eyed him carefully. "That velly mysterious," he said. "Me findee out. Velly, velly mysterious though. Allee foreign devils murdered in Pekin on? night; Sao Lung he niakee know n:xt night. That surprise Englishmanee velly muchee, eh?" "No, it docs not surprise me, you lying imp," Clayton answered. "1 know they dare not murder any one in Pc-kin." "Allee gonee! Allee gonee!" Sao Lung bewailed Hypocritically. "Englishman not xnakee believee; Englishman velly fool. Pelyn not bigee grave; one bigee poolee blood. Spirit To-the voily good friend of my family-he come and, tellee me. He poor spirit-velly poor-he wantee money, wantee water. Englishman give me money for lo, he sendee Boxers allee kingdom comee." Clayton and Forrester were in charge of a mill,'which they had not been able to operate for some days past because the wells had run dry of water. . _ _, "Englishmanee givee fifty pouns " ''Get out of this, you grinning old de mon!" Clayton roared. "Amd see here, Lung, if I catch you at any more of your games in Mr. Forrester's bungalow, I'll pitch you 'headlong into one ot tne wells, and them see if we'd get any water!" Lung looked sorrowful as hie shuffled away. _ . . That night Forrester's bungalow was a positive pandemonium. There was a dog which howled incessantly, and a peacock which screeched a ghastly accompaniment to him. Forrester felt sure he was going mad. He was in the middle of writing a letter to his little wife in Pelun when the ghostly concert began, and it sent him near ! Iy crazy. He ramped round the p*ace; shouted for Lung, who did not appear; then finally got down his loaded revolver. He toyed with it aimlessly for an odd mi nute or sot suddenly cocked it, and sent the contents into the thin bamboo partitions which answered for walls. The place looked funny when he~had fin ished. He stood laughing hysterically at his work, when Sao Lung shuffled into the room witli a profound bow. i-us teeth were chattering together, his limbs were shak ing. and lsis speech was thick. "Master makee pJaetice any more?" he enquired. "I've nio need to practice," Forrester an swered. "1'in merely going on till I have shot that confounded animal, and put an effectual stop to his fiendish howling. "Master mo makee shootee any more" Sao Lung pleaded, his yellow skin so livid that it was almost white. Foiresiter quietly proceeded to reload his revolver. "Master make no more shootee," Lung went on hoaivsejy. "J\le velly, velly frigh tened. Allee spirits angry; seelcee ven geance. Master, see!" He suddenly produced a huge poster, which he had carried folded up in one of his pockets. Forrester knew sufficient Chi nese to gather immediately what it meant. It was one of Prince Tuan's celebrated edits, ihciting the people to re\jel against'the oppression of the foreign devils; to spill every drop of the foreign devils' blood to appease the enraged spirits, and to x-eturn to their own religion. The work had al ready been performed in Pekin, it stated, and let the people hasten to finish the work elsewhere. The perspiration gathered on Forrester's ; forehead. "Merciful Heavens!" he groaned, "Can it after all be true?" His little beloved wife was in Pekin. He had left her there with the child because he thought the loneliness of the p.ace he was going to would be bad for her. She would be the only white woman there, and he did not want that. He tried to picture what might have hap pened to her now if this thing in front of his eyes were true. His brain reeled, re fusing to help him. He staggered out of the bungalow, and went to sit in heavy speechlessness on the foot of Clayton's bed. The next few days were pregnant with uncertainty. One day (Sao Lung's spirit lo would come to tell him that all the foreigners in Pekin were safe. The next day he would have a ghastly yarn o£ Oriental horror to relate. How they had all been massacred-women, children, men-their blood flowing in oiu1 big pool. Thus Lung kept Clayton and Forrester on Uuter hooks. He knew he had them there, and his ugly oblique visage grew more complacent every day. They coil Id get no news save what he was pleased to tell them; and when they questioned hiin as to the source of his information, he would merely suiile. A Chinaman's smile is a quaint thing to witness, "Velly mysterious! Velly mysterious!'' he would mutter, as he shuffled away, keep ing the corners of his oblique eyes on Clay ton. The noises in Forrester's bungalow tor the time being had ceased. Sao Lung shuffled with a mysterious limp, and that seemed to be the end of it. One morning Clayton received a bundle of papers from Shanghai, coming by way of the rivers, in the person of a Man darin. . For two mortal hours Clayton sat sti { ing at the news those papers brought. They spoke of Boxer uprising, of butchery, and massacre; of angry gods and revenging spirits. Above all, of the tragedy of Pekin. It was the Btory, much as Sao Lung ban been unfolding it, for some weeks past. Lies, Clayton had called ifer Lies from start to finish. Here in front of - him, - in black and white, were the self-same ues. Were t-iey lies-and how had Lung chanced to -strike them. After all, it seemed an though the ugly rascal's ghosts would be worth some investigation. When Forrester looked in, there was no sign of the Shanghai papers anywhere to be seen. Clayton started questioning him immediately. "What's Lung doing?" he asked, casually. "Had any communications from his pre cious spirit yet to-day?" Forrester shook his head. "You only pooh-pooh the whole thing, old chap," he answered heavily. "Forrester," Clayton said suddenly, "What do you say if we clear out of this hole, and make for Pekin.?" "Why should we?" "Don't know. It's deuced lonely!" "Yes, but we've signed a contract to stay. And there's all that money belonging to the company in my safe. No, old man, we've got to see it through, whatever happens." "Even a Boxer- rebellion 1" "Oh, those are all Sao Lung's lies!" "Of course. Most infernal liar that ever walked! But suppose there did turn out to be something in his ghost stories, though? Forrester looked at him earnestly. "Are you going that way now, old chap? he asked. "Have you heard anything?" Clayton evaded the last question. "You've been so dead against it all," For rester added. "You've laughed at Sao Lung, and called him the biggest liar who ever walked the earth. Small' wonder. How could he get any information we did. not receive? He is as far away from things as we are. And yet " Suddenly he grasped Clayton's aim. "Old chap," he whispered, "is it true about Pekin?" "No," Clayton answered steadily. "But it might be true that the Boxers have risen. See here, old man, I think you and I might as well collect the company's money and clear out of this. It's all bally rot to dump two white men down out here, and order them to work and mill when they must liave known there wouldn't be any water. Thus it was decided that they should go. When bhey came to collect the company's money, however, there wasn't any com pany's money I Forrester's safe had been cautiously broken open, and absolutely cleaned out. Even the coolies' wages were gone. "This about ruins us, old man,' Clayton remarked quietly. "There's no point in our leaving now. We may as well stay here for the Boxers to play with. They're a nice crowd!" Here Sao Lung appeared. His limp had been getting worse and worse, though his grin was as broad and complacent as ever. "Where's the money, you yellow demon?" Clayton wheeled round on him suddenly. 3-.ung trembled. "Look here, you scoundrel, if every cent of it isn't "hack on that table in half an I hour I'll do what I threatened previously. Pitch you headlong into one of the wells. They're all deep." For once the complacency died out of Sao Lung's grin. In l'act, for once he did not grin at all. He jabbered and spluttered incoherently about not knowing anything concerning the money. He keipt his cun ning ejre on Clayton. Clayton did not be lieve in his ghosts, and the yellow scoundrel feared him. "Boxers comee!'' he said at last. Alee comee, master! Allee comee! Boxers takee Englishmanee's eyes out. Stickee English manee in 'ee ground. Ha, ha! Tear Eng lishmanee's nails out-drkikee English manee's blood. Ha, ha! Ha, ha!" Clayton brought him back by the pig "bo you hear," he thundered. "If the money you stole out of ths safe isn't here in half an hour, I'll be the death of you.' Lung was right about the Boxers; they were, indeed, coming 40 or 50 o£ them. Clayton and Forrester found it out in time to try and hide themselves. )( "Sure to track us wherever we are, Clayton remarked. '"Suppose we may as well make some kind of a dash for it, though. Won't they enjoy playing with us, old chap? Can't you hear Sao Lung? Boxers takee Englishmanee s eyes out. Stickee Englishmanee in 'ee ground!'' He mimicked the Cliinaman splendidly, who, by the way, had not been seen tor two or three hours. Where had he got to. CI a v ton and Forrester did make a dash for it, and presently found themselves in the vicinity of an old pagoda. 1< ram it were issuing tlie most dismal howls and shrieks human ears ever 1 stoned to. "Lung's ghosts!" Clayton slid, laconi- | cally "So thev came here, did they, when j your' revolver' practice frightened them , away from your bungalow, Forrester. Ilns , will do for us.1" . . ' He dived in among the ruins, beckoning his companion to follow. . | "If its sife for Lung's ghosts, its safe for us," he said. . Suddenly in a comer they espied the ! great Lung himself. He was squatting in front of an old image of Buddha, his b dy swaying backwards and forwards his arms lovingly cncircling Forresters cashbex. an 1 his mouth emitting the most unearthly noises it is possible to imagine. "Jove, this is lovely!" gasped Clayton, in a whisper, nearly choked with laughter. "His ghosts have found him out old leilow. . Don't let him know yet awhile that we , are here. See the game, Forrester? He s , playing off bis ghosts on the superstition of the Boxers. He was afraid they d rob him of that money of ours. Vi ell, at any rate, vcu and I are safe, and so is the money. Lung has been too clever for linn self this time. r Didn't I tell you from the ., first that it was lie who was ciusmg all the j commotion in your bungalow. i Thev remained quiet behind some ot the | ruins. Presently the Boxers could be heard | coniin" in the direction of the temple, l ac . Sof Sao Lung's body increased;« I did his diabolical noises. They we.e hide ous enough to disturb the dead, much less a ] parcel of superstitious Chinamen. I Thev came near enough to hejr them; heard them; fled! The place was m i-he possession A the Evil One, theyyell«l frantically, as they rushed away from tdic spot haunted bv Sao Lungs ghosts. When all was again quiet Lung laughed softlv to himself, and rose to his feet. Clay ton went over and touched him on the shoulder. The Chinaman s yellow slim did actuallv turn white for a minute. 1 on es ter's cashbox went clattering on no the stone floor. . Clayton picked it up. . "Mercy I Mercy 1" cried Lung, between, (his chattering teeth. . ,, "Me never makee do it, master! Me never nvikee do it! Metncy. Mercy. "You never did what? tihey asked toge "Me never makee do it!" was all they could get out of him. What they wanted to kaow they gathered from numberless scraps oi paper they found in the outhouse he bad iniiai>ited. He had fceen in league with one of the company'e clerks to steal the money })oth knew mat Forrester possessed. Lung was a coward, however, and for a long time funked it. Then the idea of the ghosts oc curred to him. That would drive Forres ter away, he thought, and tilings would ba easy. On the pieces of paper were written ac counts of what were being done by the Boxers. They had been sent from the clerk at Shanghai to Sao Lung by every boat which traded up the river. The story of the tragedy of Pekin, they evidently de cided, would finish the work of the ghosts, and send Forrester off post haste to make authentic enquiries. And but for Clayton their plan would have succeeded. He was the stumbling block. Lung must have been finally driven to desperation when he committed the theft. He was too great a coward to do it except under severest pressure. Within the next day or two Forrester got a letter through from his little wife, and the gloom fell upon his countenance. As soon as possible he would chuck up .his present lonely billet and go back to hTsr. "(Say, Lung, what's the Great Spirit Io been doing with your leg?" Clayton askca , before they left. Lung exposed a revolver wound deep in the fleshy part of his calf. The two E-nglislimen laughed. "So I did manage to hit a ghost after all!" said Forrester. "See here, Lung," advised Clayton, "if Io doesn't condescend to heal that leg in a week from now, you'd better take it to a medicine man. It s a deuced nasty placs. Have you ottered Io any money? Fifty pounds, say? He'll do anything for fifty pounds. Jolly accommodating spirit, Io isn't lie?" Lung grinned to the last. But his com placency was all gone. And a Chinaman is nothing if not complacent. 