(Sttmmt. NATURE WORSHIP. I One of a course of Lenten Sermons by Canon Gore, M.A., preaclied in I Westminster Abbey, on Sunday afternoon, March 11th, 1900. m 'Thou shalt not make unto thee a graven image, nor the likeness of any form that m is in heaven above, or that iB in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under H the earth : thou shalt not bow down thyself unto them, nor serve them ; for I the m Lord thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the chil m dren unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate Me ; and showing H mercy unto a thousand generations of them that love Me and keep my command §f ments.'— Exod. xx. 4, 6. H Israel was forbidden to make any symbol of God. And why ? It H was to keep them from Nature-worship. The Canaanites round M about them worshipped Baal under the symbol of the ox; the H Phoenicians worshipped Astarte under the symbol of the cow ; and if these were only representations of what was happening among all the H nations of the world almost without exception. They worshipped the H force, the power, the life in nature, and the force, the life in nature H is not moral. But Israel was to worship a God who was not such. |j The God of Israel was a Moral Ruler, §3 the Creator of all forms of life, but to be identified with none, ruling H all things, and men in particular, by His power and holy will. And, H in fact, Israel was at last lifted up to the true worship of God, after H many lapses. We know the history of the golden calves— that is, the 1 little bulls which were set up and worshipped in the northern a kingdom as false symbols of Jehovah. We know the strong irony H and contempt which Isaiah pours upon the idolaters as he contem m t)latea them, first of all ernwinc tha trp.fl. and then trains thronch all the mechanical processes which served to fashion it and to decorate it; in his irony he describes the process, how with part of the tree they make the fire, they bake their bread, they warm themselves. And all this teaching through the Son and through the prophets at last took effect. Through Israel There was secured for all the World the Worship of the true God. Of what sort it is St. John sums up in those three memorable phrases: God is light — that is, pure, stainless, diffusable goodness; God is spirit — that is, activity, rational, conscious, free, raised above the limitations and the grossnes3 of material things; and, above all, God is love. So the true worship was secured for all the nations of the world. ' God is spirit, and they that worship Him must. worship Him in spirit and in truth, for the Father seeketh such to be His worshippers.' And when that was secured, then the stress against the creation of any images or forms or representations of material things was relaxed, for God had manifested Himself in the form of our human nature. He had moved among men, so that they might see Him and contemplate Him and touch Him and handle Him. Therefore, a Christian art might begin to fashion itself. In the Jewish temple, with the exception of the mysterious forms of the Cherubim, which were concealed in the total darkness of the most holy place, there were no representations. Now Christian Art began to form itself. It was first chiefly symbolical in those lovely representations of Christ as the Good Shepherd which touched the heart of the first Christians. Later on it became more realistic. We have the innumerable types of the holy mother, of the Divine Child. We have the pictures of Christ's earthly life. We have the crucifix and the innumerable representations of Christ upon the cross. Of course, again and again in Christian history the danger has manifested itself ; men have lapsed into idolatry ; they have identified some special Divine power or grace with some particular image, or repre sentation, or holy picture, or they have allowed their thoughts to be guided into a lower and too sensuous direction by the lovely repre sentations of Art. Possibly. It is not in those directions that lie at the present moment our peril. But if that be so, if our danger of idolatry in those particular directions is slight, or even none at all at the present moment, We are not therefore at all Growing out of the Banger of Idolatry in its broader aspect and meaning. For what is idolatry ? It is the worshipping of something other than God, or the worshipping of God otherwise than as He truly is. Brethren , we must worship. The heart of man is so constructed that' he cannot remain self-contained. We are always rising up into an attitude of admiration or worship of something bigger or greater than ourselves. Think of the man of business — the man of business who is a mere man of business. He is not merely engrossed in the making of money for himself ; there grows up also in his mind some thing which obviously carries him quite beyond his own mere need. He becomes entranced in that vast machinery — that vast, intricate, and complex machinery of modern business. He worships that great machine — he worships business ; it becomes the idol enthroned S truly upon the altar of his heart, his admiration, his powers, his 1 faculties. 1 Consider the youth of our country — how truly in many cases they 1 worship physical and athletical prowess. It is the ruling object of | their thoughts, of their ambitions, of their desires, of their admira- 1 tions. It really holds the first place ; it is their idol — they worship . | it. Within the last few days we have all been rejoicing in the extra- 1 ordinary and spontaneous exhibition of devotion and loyalty towards I our good Queen. In part it is admiration for her gracious character — 1 the character of her who is so true a mother of her great people and m her great Empire. And that admiration and veneration is wholly |i good. It has made the blood run quicker in the pulses of every one [1 of us this week past. But more than that, the Queen stands, as no M one else could stand, for our nation and our Empire, and our If enthusiastic loyalty to the Queen means our enthusiastic feeling for [i our country. Ah, brethren, there are [i Few things better in Human Nature than Patriotism. M Patriotism burnt in the heart of a Jeremiah, of a St. Paul. M Po ?f.virt+.icrvi wno in +V\c» linmnn 1iqov+ r\f nnv T./m*/-1 TTimOolf PnfviAflOm Bat the love of our country. But holiest things have vilest uses. That II enthusiasm for the expansion of the Empire, that devotion to the flag, m may be what inspires the noblest self-sacrifice. ? It may be a vulgar || idolatry of our own unregenerated selves, with all our capacities for H nobility, and with all our miserable limitations and defilements. g Patriotism, the worship of the flag, only too easily we all know, becomes I one of the many forms of human idolatry. i But Idolatry is also the Worship of God otherwise than as He truly is. We hear of the Boers that they are Calvinists, that they believe that God has His elect people, amongst whom are they ; but that the men of dark colour, the Kaffir and the Matabele and the Zulu, belong not to the Son of God, and never can, but belong to an outcast and alien race exempt from that brotherhood. That is idolatry; it is the worship, if not of another God, then of God otherwise than as He truly is. It is not the worship of Him who died that all men might be delivered and come to the knowledge of the truth, and be brought. g into that brotherhood in which is neither Jew nor Greek, barbarian, j| Scythian, bond nor free, but Christ all and in all. - It is idolatry ! | Or, when ignorant Eoman Catholics regard Christ glorified on ffl the throne of His Father as the embodiment of Divine justice, j| and then by His side enthrone mercy in the figure of His mother, by m her intercession triumphing over the Divine justice for our good — ji and the conception is, alas ! only too prevalent over great parts of i Europe — that is idolatry; it is the worship of God otherwise than as I in fact He is. Or, when our modern, short-sighted universalisrn will 1 have it, in spite of all the Bible and the New Testament and Christ 1 Himself say about eternal judgment, when this short-sighted I universalism will have it that it must come right with all men at the | last, however they choose to behave or to resist the light of God, I when thus they would have a merely good-natured God, mercy | without judgment— once more, that is idolatry. It is the worship of 1 God otherwise than as in fact He has shown Himself, whether in the | inexorable severities of nature or in the revelation, which is s.tern as i well as loving, through the words and deeds and judgments of Jesus 1 of Nazareth. Brethren, then do not think that if you are not prone 1 to worship a wooden or a golden idol that therefore you are at all 1 exempt from this broadly human peril, for worshipping something 1 else than God, or worshipping God otherwise than as in fact He is. m Nay, cross-question yourselves narrowly. ? m What is it, in fact, that is Enthroned in your Heart! If What is it, in fact, towards which is directed your real aspirations* i your thought, your activities of intellect, your will, your desire ? j| What, what are you really worshipping ? For that ancient word of j| warning is still true — God is a jealous God. Because He is God, |j therefore He must claim, and claim as truly His, the place of i supremacy. in the heart and life of everyone. 'God is a jealous || God,' so it was said to Israel. ' He visits the sins of the fathers upon || the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate I Him.' That word was spoken in an early stage of Israel's education. I In those davs thev had not vet realised the meaning of individuality. I The individual was simply a part of the nation ; he lived in the nation's life. They had no notion of a personal life extending in its activity and its realisation beyond death. The individual lived in the' life of the nation, and was punished in the life of the nation, in the succession of the generation. But what God then revealed to them is still true ; God does visit the sins of the fathers upon the children. You cannot fail to see it. It is so because God has made us not separate and isolated individuals, but bound us togettier in the unity of the life of nations and of churches. God, because He rules us as social beings, as He has created us, does visit the sins of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate Him. Idolatry in its Broadest Signification still spells National Declension, and at the lastltfational Ruin. It is only so long as the ruling heart and mind of a nation is set on God that the true moral — and so, ultimately, political — strength of the nation can be upheld and maintained. But we know more about God now. Men learned much through the teaching of the Jewish ? prophet ; they learned it most of all through Jesus Christ. We know more about individuality and God's equity. We know now that God looks on each individual with an absolute equity in the light of all his circumstances ; that He expects little of those to whom little is given, and much of those to whom much is given. He has eternity in which to reverse all the seeming injustices of this world. But still here, then, in the region of this individual life, still the law is true ; idolatry means moral and personal ruin. When St. John describes the City of God he takes upon his lips the language of Isaiah about the lie, for he describes that perfected city in the language of that ever-living and glorious symbolism of building and of light. And when he has done the description he turns to the picture of those who are outside. And outside of that City of God — outside, incapable of being admitted— are all those who have loved and made a lie. And why? Because we grow like to that which we worship. It is inevitably so. Whatever is Enthroned upon the Altar of our Hearts assimilates us to itself. Whether it be the true object, or whether it be one of those many lies or violations of the truth which take the place of God, be it God or be it an idol, what we worship fashions us into its own likeness ; we become gradually and inevitably like it, and if the object be a false object, then we become through the whole fabric of our being gradually unlike God. And those who are unlike God cannot through any Divine alchemy, because God rules us by moral laws — cannot but be outside the City of God. But we turn from the negative to the positive. It -is only by worshipping what is true that you can expel out of your hearts the worship of what is false. Until you can see some pleasure in these hard choices and bitter necessities, where is there any ? good news to men? It is Much More Important to do Right than not to do Wrong. Further, the one is possible; the other has always been and will ever be impossible. And the faithful design to do right is what God accepts and. will perfect, and that seems to me to be the Gospel, and that was how Christ delivered us from the law. That is very sound theology. And so it is with the Second Commandment. You can only avoid idolatry by being at the greatest pains, truly and as He is, to worship God. So it was that Israel was enabled to keep itself from idolatry by laws and guidance given through the law and prophets about the true worship, by which it was gradually led up to the worship in spirit and in truth. Only by the worship of the true can you expel the worship of the false. What is Worship ? To worship is to bow oneself in utter and lowly submission before God as we quietly in our hearts put ourselves in His presence — to bow ourselves in utter and lowly submission, for in this lowly and utter submission lies, and alone lies, the true dignity of our human nature. . It is to approach Him with humble confession of our sins — really confessing, with a true desire to separate ourselves from them — all the iniquities and violations of His law and unfaithfulness to our conscience of which we have been guilty; to worship Him — that is, to lift up our purified hearts in His presence, and in the strength of Jesus, our Master and our Brother, in the power of the spirit which He has given us, to approach Him with persistency and quiet supplication, opening the day by consecrating ourselves to His service in our morning prayer, closing it by bringing ourselves back into the harmony and peace of God. Worship! It is to. approach God in the large, broad lines of the Lord's Prayer, for others as well as for ourselves, for all the great purposes of the kingdom and of the world — 'Hallowed be Thy name,' as in heaven so on earth — 'Thy kingdom come,' as in heaven so on earth — 'Thy will be done,' as in heaven so on earth. Worship ! It is to thank God for all the innumerable benefits of nature, of spirit which He has bestowed upon us, truly to thank Him for all that is involved in the disclosure of that great name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Worship! It is to adore Him; praising Him, not for any or all of the good things which He has done to us merely, but because in His own transcendent and eternal being '? . He is so altogether admirable and altogether lovely. ' We praise Thee, we bless Thee, we give thanks to Thee for Thy great glory.' liVorship 1 Brethren, our Book of Common Prayer, with its Psalms, with its Collects, with its Litany, with its Te Deum, with its Liturgy, presents us truly with an example which we can never exhaust of all the forms and modes of worship. But it is a very practical question how much of our real pains are being devoted to making ourselves acquainted with that language, how nrach are we learning this capacity for approaching God and holding communion with Him. Do you say you find it so hard to say your prayers that you no sooner begin it than every variety of thought flashes into your mind, and you seem to realise nothing except the vagaries of your own imagination and your incapacity to restrain your thoughts ? Of course it is hard to learn to pray, it is hard to learn to worship, it is hard to learn all those great arts which constitute the real dignity of what is human. Yes, it is hard, but it is possible. It is Hard to Groio into the Likeness of Eternity under Forms of Time — hard, but it is possible. All down the Christian ages the testimony is the same. If you will only persevere in taking trouble about prayer and worship, public and private, at the last you will win success, imperfect success, in this life ; but you will be schooled to become acquainted with that which is the central and chief part of the eternal life of the spirit in God. And, finally, only so, Only by Learning to Worship can you be made Free. Brethren, let your imagination roam afield a moment and contem plate the awful havoc in this human life of ours, contemplate this miserable slavery of our human nature, enslaved to its fellow-men, enslaved to its own lower and baser lusts, and appetites, and vagaries. How shall it be redeemed in this nature of ours ? You know in your hearts that the pitiable excuse that all this miserable and degraded life is natural, is verily a lie. No, We are not Animals with some Spark of Spirit attached in some vague toay as a mere Accidental Appendix to our Nature. No, the animals have their animal appetites and their physical con trol ; but in this human nature of ours every animal faculty is intended to be controlled by spirit. If it is not controlled by spirit it becomes lawless and destructive. It is the degradation of our nature that the spirit and the spiritual faculties should be dragged at the chariot- wheels of the animal impulses. Our human actions are meant to express really human nature purpose in the region of the physical life. Only where the lusts and appetites are controlled by spirit, as the spirit is directed by the government of God, only there is freedom. Then I ask you, How can we, with our irregular and lawless lusts, with the power of worldliness and public opinion, How can we be made Free ? I answer, In one way only— by worshipping God. To worship is to keep ourselves in correspondence with God; it is to reinforce our spiritual faculties by the consciousness of His presence, by the holy fellowship of His love and of His goodness. Brethren, we are meant for worship. You abrogate your true liberty, you violate your true nature, you lose your true souls, your selves, unless you are really giving some share of your best energy to the worship of God as He truly is. Only by worshipping God caa you escape the miserable doom of idolatry and the idolater ; but if , you will set yourselves to worship, then truly you may have your share in that which enables men to enter into the heritage of the eternal life and the City of God. 