"Stumps." "Stumps," us lie was called in Dos serland,- was a favourite with criminals iiud—the police. Ilcf had a bright joke; and a kindly word for all alike ; no one had ever seen him cross, or known him do a mean thing. 1 •Children hung round him, listening to his yarns ; the lasses always stopped to banter with him; while many a night round the doss-house lire ho was the life of the wretched-looldng group, as in fluent, picturesque •language he told ghost tales and tairy legends of j his native' County 01 a re, milking Che mo itch are forget their hunger, their suf ferings, their despair ;; and " when he had money he was royally generous— ."he"treated' everyone he came across.v " Bodad, that fact alone bethrays! nioi. kingly ; lineage" (Mike was -descended'' from an ancient Irish. sovereign), ' .he once, said to me, half- ruefully. "Shure, I'm-: never so -.happy, as whin dispinsing bounties." Indeed, I have known 15s. .-last .'him .but two days; though h(i; always; slept iu a dbss-hou4ei and :thc: only solid food that passed1 his lips during that space was onions and'tripe' ■for, supper, and a couple of carrots as .a ihidday meal. •-"•My digestion, you see, is peculiar," he confided on one.occasion to a magis trate, after., receiving, a sentence of. fourteen days; "it seems to cotton to-nothing but drink." '/'• " Could you not take the -pledge, and would not some, one help you to keep it.?" asted the functionary of justice, who, I am sure, in his heart, saw xht futility of these repeated consignments' to gaol. Mike ruffled his rough red hair, and a gleam of amusement darted into lliis eyes. ' May It plaise your ludship," lie said, " it's meself was a shining loight.in the "Salvation: Army—fur--fnr.'two months, an' begorra ! in that toinie if Oi dM not merit a silver: medal fur timper ance." -■ ■ ; " And wliere is the medal asked' "the magistrate. ■. Again Mike's eyes twinkled and -the corners of his month' -worked." "-An' you'll belaive me,' your wurs'.iip, whin 01 came out last toime, from tthe r'si denee you wos so kind as to send me to fur moi health, I pawned it fur a dhrop of the cratur', an' begorra ! if Oi didn't foind, the medal wasn't silver at all, but jist a common bit> of tin 'Mike's real discomfiture was too much , for those present, and they lauglied as lie meant them to laugh" and noliody enjoyed his joke more than he did himself: But laughing at or with a culprit does not help ro mend his ways, ;ind Mike's case "baa n snd side to it. -tfroni the " Quiver/* for April. 