Helen Carnegie's Christmas 'Guest. by ada rosenblum. It was towards the end of December, 18 — , that Helen Carnegie was sit ting one evening om the verandah of' her home in one of our Westralian mining towns. She made a pretty picture, leaning idly back ip her comfortable chair. Her auburn hair glistened, as it lay among the cushions ; her color was deeper than usual, and there was a.' wistful light in her eyes as she sat, musing happily over her six months of married life, and lis tening for her husband's footsteps. At last the gate clicked, and in two minutest he was with her. Phil Carnegie was a good-looking young fellow of twenty-eight; clever, prosperous, and popular, he was usually full of life and spirits, but to- night, as he took Helen in his arms and kissed her, there was a tender and almost sad look on his face. "It is no use, Nell, darling; I shall have to go." "Oh, Phil ! And leave me all alone just at Christmas. Can you be back by Christmas Eve, dear?". "I do not know, little woman. You may be sure I shall try ; but if I find things at the mine as bad as Dobson hints, it will take time to put them straight. However, it is no use fretting. Cheer up, darling, and let us have- some teathevooawaltthstation It was the following night, and 1 Helen was sitting up late, thinking of. Phil and longing for his cheering pre sence, when, just after midnight, she was- startled by a tap on the window, and a girl's voice saying, "For God's sake, let me in. Be quick! Do! I may be followed." Helen hesitated. Shewas- naturally timid. But the voice con tinued, "I am only a girl, like yourself. Come — quickly- — come!" At that Helen opened the door, and a tall girl came in wearily. "What is it? What can I do for' you ?" she exclaimed. J. W. FIMISTEH, Esq., ex-Mayor oe Kalgoorlie. "Hush! They may have followed! me. Speak low. Oh ! I feel sure you. will help me. I have noticed1 you as- you passed the garden, and your face is- so sympathetic. Be good to me; I am so< friendless and alone." "I will do what I can, only tell me what you want and where you come from1?" "I come from that old, desolate-look ing house on the road about two miles from here. I have often seen you. pass." Helen shuddered, for she had heard! rumors of a mad girl living at- that house- in charge of keepers, and had always felt a little nervous about her. The girl noticed her shudder, and said,. 'lvoihavheanthstorTjfTriv .WHITBY ASYLUM .and FALLS: photo by white a wall bros. - ; , fortune, and even of my life. I shall tell you all my story ; but, first, can we hide these, for they are weighing me down 2" With that, she lifted her skirt and un tied two bags which were fastened round v her waist with a cord. "This is part of my fortune; all I could carry. The rest, I suppose, those villains will make off with, unless" — and 'OAlf XUVJXCU, XOUliiUI XI Hf iXTlUCU Wtt $ ""unless they seek me here to get this too." They sought for a place to hide the bags (which were full of nuggets), and then Helen said, "Before you tell me anything, you must rest and have something to eat. You look exhaus- ted.'" ' When, she had rested, she began : "My name is Alice Tremaine. I only arrived from Hngland 'five weeks ago- ; o ... join my father, who had been very lucky on the goldifields. He sent for me to accompany him on a trip through the colonies before his return to England. We were just to leave when he died after . a few hours' illness. I cabled for my fiance to come, and said I would take lodgings in F to wait for him to help me settle dear father's affairs. I knew no one, and felt dreadfully lonely 1 - and miserable. My father's mates were "kind and considerate to me ; so, when they suggested I should come here with them and stay with their sister till Christmas, leaving in time to meet Mr. Wharton, I. thankfully agreed. Father had told me. so much of the honor among the diggers towards one another that no doubt entered my mind. I shudder when I think of how easily I fell into their well-laid' trap. "They had given put, before coming here, that a w-ard' of theirs, who was hopelessly insane, was coming to- he v -under their charge. They took that deserted bouse, and had all in readiness. "When1 I arrived I was received most "kindly , by their - sister, and all seemed well at: first. It was only when I found they would never let me go out alone or speak to anyone, and also that they always locked ni3r door at night, that I became suspicious. This went on for -three weeks, I always watching and lis tening. Then, last night, they made a mistake, and talked out in the garden under my window, supposing me to be asleep. I heard the whole plot. "My delusions are that I imagine I have a fortune, whereas I am penniless ; that I imagine everyone is trying to rob me, and, in consequence, I am always threatening to end my life. So the plot was they were to poison me, but so that ;it would appear suicide. "I was to have stolen the poison from a medicine-chest which had been acci dentally left unlocked, and1 all that would happen to them would be a reprimand for leaving it accessible with a lunatic in the house. "Can you imagine my horror? For the plot was for uo-night. Think what I felt? I saw I must get away at once. jProvidenee befriended me. "All day I was very quiet and pre tended I was feeling less alarmed, but -when they were out of the room, I -managed to pour a large quantity of a strong sleeping-draught into their whisky. This draught had been given me for father, but was not used, and for tunately I had kept it. "At night I would not go to bed early. "They drank deeply, and soon, -to my joy, they dropped asleep. "I only waited to secure these bags, and ran here as quickly as I could. I felt sure you would' protect me," and the poor girl burst into tears. "Do not cry, dear," said Helen, "I shall do all I can for you. Oh ! how I wish my husband was at home. How- -ever, you must stay quietly here in my room, and when he returns we shall he safe." .. They locked the doors, and Alice, be ing quite worn-out, soon fell into a trou bled sleep. But Helen lay awake, half afraid Alice might really 'be insane, half afraid those desperate men might come after her. Alice awoke with a start. "Oh! Am I really safe? You cannot think what it feels like to wake and feel safe !" TTnaT t rionv TmaTi !' TTolrJn '"Speak low! I do- not wish my maid to know you are here, or she might be tempted to gossip. Our safety lies in secrecy till my husband returns." Two anxious days and nights passed then. To Helen's grief she received a "letter from Phil telling her he found it quite impossible to be back till the day after Christmas. "Cheer up, darling," "he wrote, "the time will soon pass and please fix up the 'spare-room, as I am bringing someone with me for a , few days." The girls - spent a dreary Christmas Eve, and feeling dull, depressed, and nervous went, to bed .early.- It- seemed to Helen she had hardly - fallen asleep when she was awakened by Alice" shak ing her and saying, "Do wake up." When Helen opened her eyes she .owered her voice and said: "Listen! Do you hear anything?" "What do you mean, Alice?" "It was only that it seemed to me i was awake a good deal and I thought I heard noises." "It was the wind." "The wind cannot produce men's voices. Listen! there it is again. Oh! I am sure it is they." There was a noise, a shout, the sound of a window opening and" a voice call ing, "It is all right ; get in here." "Oh!" said Helen, "this is awful. But I have Phil's revolver. I shall shoot if they dare to touch you." In the dark the girls had slipped on their dressing-gowns and stood quaking as footsteps approached the door. "If you enter, I fire ! I have a revol ver!" called Helen. darling, what a reception ! Lid you think I was a " burglar? I shouted- .and knocked, . but could not wake you, so I forced a window," came in Phil's well-loved tones, and in a mo ment Helen was in his arms. "Oh, Phil ! . Phil, you said you could BRIDGE ON DO NN YBROOK LINE. not get back to-night. I thought it was those dreadful men come for Alice." "What do you mean? Who- is Alice?" Helen quickly told him, and he said : "By Jove! dear, where is she? Whar ton, I say, Wharton, my little wife has found .your sweetheart, and got her safely here for you. In another moment Alice was in the arms of a tall man, who had been wait- QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY REVIEW. ing in the passage and came m answer to Phil's call. She did not speak, but clung to him sobbing. "Alice, darling! Speak to me. What is the matter with you? I am not a ghost." And he held her closely to his heart. She gave a little cry of joy, and fainted. What a happy Christmas Day they spent, and what explanations were given and exchanged. -.Mr. .Wharton - had 'arrived from Eng land, and, being 'disappointed iat notj finding Alice at the address she had n.amed, he went to the goldfields in search of her. There he heard she had left, her destination being unknown. He was just about to return to F — when he met, and became friendly with, Phil Carnegie Phil told him he lived at H-— , and would be returning in a few days, and he persuaded Mr. Whar ton to wait and return with him. "We . can put you up for a few days, and may be able to help you in your search for Miss T'remaine," were your husband's words, Mrs. Carnegie, but we little thought we should find Alice here." In the evening Phil and Helen went for a walk and left the re-united lovers alone. After talking over all her adventures, Dick said : "Alice, clear, we must be. married at once. I shall never feel content until I have you in my keeping. . When I think of how nearly I lost you, I feel I cannot let yo-u out of my sight." . Alice looked up with a blush. "When ever you will, Diok ! I, too, feel we must never be parted again." "Mrs. Carnegie says we must lie mar ried from here, and Phil will give you away." "What ;Vdear, kind friends they are. It is in trouble the true friendships of life are cemented, and their goodness will always hind us to them." "Yes! indeed it will, dear," said Diok. Just' then-' Helen and Phil oame in, and he turned to them with outstretched hands. "You will always be our dear est friends, and our hope will be to- some day welcome you to our English home, to show you a little of our love and gratitude." Three weeks after Diok and Alice were married, and left immediately to catch the mail boat. 'Much' to- Alice's relief (for she was so nervous and weak she dreaded having to appear at court) no traces were found of the two ruffians. They had evidently decamped as soon as they found she had escaped, taking with them the greater part of her for tune. But, Alice said, as it had all \- ended happily, "as happily as a fairy- ; : -tale, 'in which, v;the Princess is rescued from the machinations of the wicked fairy and marries the Prince," they could afford to be magnanimous and for get and forgive. A.O.F. Gala -and Art Union. — "To the Paris Exhibition for One Shilling!" Such ' is the war cry that the Foresters of W.A. propose to adopt in their efforts to raise funds for their order. There could be scarcely a more, catchy phrase wherewith to entrap the "nimble"1 from -the average man, and as the older is one of the strongest in Australia tlieie should fee a big. response to their ap peal. The idea originated with the execu tive of the West Australian District, who '-re anxious to extend their order in this co lony, and having as one of the brothers a gentleman well versed in the conduct of these ait unions (Bro. A. S. Gordon, to wit), they placed in his. hands the management of the gala. The committee is composed of the executive officers of the order and repre sentatives of the courts in W.A. There are to be two days' sports at Easter, and the art union offers a trip to the Paris Exhibition and £50 for expenses, or £100 cheque. The enrnri H « D L i i j/iiA®. xo o. xvuiiisun piano vaiuea at £70, and there are a number of other prizes. The tickets are one shilling each, and will be obtainable from members of the order throughout Australia. 