China—Past, Present and Future. ON Tuesday last ilie Rev. Dean Pownall. delivered,^ most interesting lecture under the above title to the members of the Plicenix Literary anrl debating Society. The lecture was of so intertaining and instructive iiubaiacter that we pub-, lisli it for'the benefit of <nr tellers. Space will, however, only permit of the publishing of the first ortin in this issue, the concluding portion being Eeld over till next Wednesday:— "CHINA—Past, Present, Future—." Such is to be the text of niv remarks to-night.. I wish t«glance at her past history, her present condition," her future prospects. In doing so I would not conceal from myself, nor would 1 from you, that the subject-is'one of deep interest to?; me; China was the splieie of my first ministry, I have still many friends there who are labouring for her best interests, and there twines around the memory of the past the sacred remembrances of many who have gladly laid down their lives for her good, hence I take a veiy keen interest in all that is now taking place. Cut naturally All our hearts have been e;irred by passing events therefore it is not inopportuune that I. should address you on the subject of China, past, pie sent and future. Now the country that is known to us by the name China is not so designated by its inhabitants. The name China is derived from the Cbin dynasty that ruled lb-.-. luutry 250 B.C., and having become famous tlr.'rtigh that family ii became known as'llic land of Cliiu or China. Tlic. name that is nio.v !y given to the land by the Chinese themselves is Chung Kwoli, the Middle Kingdom or the Central Country, because according to tlioir geographers it is situated in the centre of'tlie »olid" and all other countries are islands or patches of tenitory around its borders, such was the current teaching in what I may call my Chinese days. Another name which the Chinese are fond of using is ffwakoli, the Flowery land, because they regard themselves as more cultivated and polished than any other nations or • peoples. In olliuial documents the country is designated by the name of the reigning dynasty, though the term Celestial Dynasty is used, though not in the sense which western nations have given to the term: it Bimply means the dynasty which deiives authority from heaven. Among the most illustrious dynasties "that have governed the Empire have been the great Tang dynasty (6*20 A.D.) and China is still called .by some " The Great Tang Country.'' The name China properly speaking is only applied to that part of the Empire known as the eighteen provinces. This is the most populous, the most fertile, and in every respect tlie most impiiriant part of tha Empire. It is inhabited by a lace essentially one, united in sympathy, having for ages the sumo historical associations, possessing the same written language, and spe.iking languages having a common origin, or rather different dialects of the same tongue. Tliis country was conquered by the Manchus in IBM, and the Emperor since that period has been a member of the Mancliu Royal Family, by whom the conquest was iiflec.ted. Manchuria is therefore a present part of the Chinese Empire although the Manchus are a totally different race from the Chinese, and have a different language both spoken and written. Oil the west of Ohina are also extensive teiritories which acknowledge thisway of the Emperor of China. They an' inhabited by different tribes, distinct from each other and the Chinese. Among these provinces, Yunnan. Tibet, and Chinese Turkestan are included, and the importance of these may be" seen from the fact that they all touch our Indian Empire. The whole Empire is 3,350 miles long from east to west, 2,100 broad north to south, China proper being 1474 noith to south, 1355 ' east to west, the whole Empire comprising 6,300,000 square miles and China proper 1.400,000 square miles. The population of this vast territory is set down at 400.000,000. The mind cannot grasp the teal import of as vast a number. Think of it ! What does it mean ? Count it night aud day, without resting or sleeping, it will take you 11 days before the (irst million is complete, and more than 11 yeais before you complete the task. Or marshal these 400 millions in procession, place . them in single file three feet apart, let them march' at the rate of thirty miles on six days of each week; Day after day yon watch .the moving column, and day after day tlio procession moves on, but the circuit of the earth affords not standing room, nay it must girdle the earth no less than nine times before the great reservoir which furnishos these marvellous multitudi's is exhausted. Weeks, months and years rcll away .and since the march began the little ehild ha grown a man, for. not until the end of 41 years will the last man have left China. Language—The/Chinese language possesses no alphabet, and may almost be said to be without a grammar. In lien of alphabetical characters it contains 214 radicals. All the words in the language from the simplest to the most complicated are formed by endless beautiful combinations of these radicals." There must of course be grammar of some sort in all human languages. There must lie somo well understood rules by which sentences aro constructed and one word plaoed in regular apposition to other words in the same sentence. So far the Chinese language is possessed ot grammatical construction, but tlio verb has no mood, tense, person, or inflexion of any kind, the noun is. not distinguished by number, gender or easo, and tha same word is substantive, verb or adjective, singular or plural; according to its place or connection in the sentence. The only way of determining the meaning of a passage is by attending to the relative position of words in each sentence and by acquiring a thorough'.knowledge of the stereotyped idioms with which the language abounds. This is no easy matter seeing that the number of characters is equal to the number of words in the language, and in order to lead ail ordinary book notless than 4000 characters should beat command. He who would lay claim to learning must be acquainted with 10,000, and in a g' od native dictionary you will find 40,000. This refers only to the "Weuli, or written lanuuagc. The spoken language is ent'iiely distinct from the written and each province having its own dialect it often happens -that a tpan from one province is as unintelligible to his fellow countrymen in another piovince as a foreigner would be, though in the case of the Mandarin-dialect that would not be so, ati that dialect is spoken by tineducated classes throughout the Empire, The manners, customs, and dress of the Chinese mark them out at once as a peculiar people. The conservatire principle is strongly engraven on their minds and the idea of'change is abhorent. They think it impossible to be wiser than their ancestors, accordingly tl>o first duty of a Chinaman is to learn to reverie the maxims of the sages and to follow the customs of his forefathers. The result is, the Empire.lias long been in a state of stagnation and the condition of the people both socially and intellectually lias been stationary. There is plenty of talent in China but no march ofintelleut. Genius and originality arc regarded as hostile and close in compatible elements. Accordingly, their scholars, keep on the beaten track marked nnt by theirsages. Progiess is impossible and their lcnowledgp aud civilization is little m advance of what it was a lOjOO years ago. Everything' foreign is viewed with distrust and jealousy, and it is long before they become reconciled to the introduction of a new custom, whilst tliey will never admit that they are inferior to foreigners in anything. If we muBt yield to the Chinese the najne of being a civilized people, it is after all but. a rude refinement and barbarous civilization to which they have attained. If we compare them wilit other countries we must couie to the conclusion that tliey liavo not advanced as they ought to have done, and tliey present the extraordinary spcctnclc of a certain improvement made but permanently arrested in its progress. The art of printing, the mariner's compass, were known in China centuries before tliey were known in Europe, but there has been no improvement, Tlie circulation of the blood and the use of mercury and arsenic, as medicines were also known and used by them ages before they were known in Europe, but there is no mcdical science in China and mcdical practice is all quackery. Several of the Fine Arts have roecived some attention and the Chinceo readily display a sort of mechanical ingenuity, but in architecture, sculp- \- turc, music, painting, they arc nowhere. As a nation tliey have beon rudely awakened by recent events, particularly by their war with JApan so that a new era lias dawned upon them and they are beginning to «ee that tliey have much to learn. On arriving in China a stranger is much, struck with the contrarieties that exist between Chinese customs and those of western nations. An early TIMES correspondent, Mr. Cooke, gave liis impressions thus:—" In a country where the roses have no fragance aud the .-women no petticoats, the labourer no sabbath, and the magistrate no sense of honour; where the roads bear no vehicles and the ships have'no keels; where the old men fly kites and tlie needle, points to the South ; where the sign of being puzzlod is to scratch the antipodes of the head ; where the place of honour is .on the left and'the seat <>f intellect is in the stomach ; where to take off your hat is an insolent gesture and to wear white garments is to put yourself in mournirg, we" are not astonished to lind a literature witlnut an alphabet and a language without"a grammar." ' Another peculiarity is that of ' the small feet of ths women, and it may be well to explain this practice..-..The binding of the feet commences as soon as a child is able to walk; the big toe is bent upward and backward dn the foot, and the other four toes are -bent under. The development" of the muscles of the calf being checked, the leg tapers from the knee downwards, though there is no particular weakness in the limb. The appearance of the foot when uncoveredis by no means pleasant, as it is crushed out of all proportion and beauty and covered with a wriukled skin like that of a washerwoman's hand that is daily immersed in'soap suds. The origin of this custom is attributed to a jealous Emperor who'to prevent his wives gadding about had their feet so bound, though another statement is that the Empress Tan Kee, B.C., 400, had club feet Txnd she per&uaded; the Empe'tor to issue an edict llinc" all women were, to conform to the Imperial fashion and to do4.his bind their fePl iuio the required shape.—The women occupy a degraded position but few read, tliey never eat with the men, they always walk lie hind them, and the birth of a girl is always regarded as a calamity. I remember my own case, when one of my girls was born my servant condoling with me and telling me, " Girl of no use, no can eatchee dollar." In conuection. with their inr:riage customs, they are betrothed at a very eai'13' age. For this purpose a go between is generally employed.. The first question is, what "will yon give? The agreement having been made, presents are sent by the betrothed to each other, but they are not alloy ed to know, each other. On the marriage day the bride whose face is closely Veiled, is taken in a Bed Sedan Clniir to the temple, and not until the ceremony is over is the bridegroom permitted to raise the veil, to lind very often thai he has been taken in. Much lias been said and written of Chinese politeness, but it exists in name only. The Chinese peasant has no motion of courtesy, he never makes you a salutation in passing, never moves out of your way, and lie is cruel in disposition. i have known cases where 110 assistance would be given to rescue a drowning man. That was my own case, Deo.-31, 60. A Chinaman will laugh whilst telling of the death of his friends. Lying and duplicity are a part of their nature. As a rule they are not to be believed, and they will swear anything that is convenient, and you cannot arouse any sentiment of outrage and indignation by charging thorn with this. Gambling is universal the clicking of dice, etc., is to be heard everywhere, and a boy with two casks will prefer to risk their loss to simply buying a cake without tryir.g the chance of getting it for nothing. It is t rue that tliey have a general regard for outward decency, but tliey are vile and polluted to .1 shocking degree, llicii conversation being full of filthy expressions and their lives of impure acts, whilst tliey are the most expert thieves under the sun. Still they have one great redeeming principle, that of filial piety which is regarded by them as ilie head of all ..virtues, and Chinese parents receive an extraordingly degree of respect and veneration from their children. The inculcationof this virtue is often the subject of Imperial edicts, and not long ago one of the Emperors issued an edict exhorting his subjects, —" Not to gad about the temples, worshipping the idols and flattering the gods so much, but to remember that they have two household gods at home, their father and mother and tliat .it was their duty to wait upon and serve them." Doubtless it is this that has held them together for forty centuries as a notion. During this vast period of time nations and kingdoms have risen and disappeared, bnt God lias put honour on His own law, the fifth Commandment. The Chinese in llieir religion may be divided into three sects, (1) Confucianists, (2) Tasisto, (3) liudddhists. All the educated classes are Confucianists, and it may be well to explain who Confucius was. And his teaching Confucius was born n.c. 549 (the same year in which Cyrus became King uf Persia). He was often the subject of great persecutions aud more than once his life was endangered. He compared himself to a dog driven from home. " 1 have the fidelity of that animal and am treated like it. But wlut matters the ingratitud" of man ? They carnot hinder me from doing all the good that has been appointed •tie. If my precepts are disregarded I have the consolation of knowing in my own breast that J have faithfully performed my duty." He died at the age of 73, and probably no uninspired man ever wielded an influence so powerful, so enduring and reaching.so vast a multitude of minds. He was a wise man, and a great blessing to China. He laboured for the promotion of morality and the best iuterests of his country, whilst he had no faith in idol gods, hence he said like Socrates to his disciples, "JReverenee^t lie gods, but do not be too familiar with them." Passing over lluddliism and Tasism, each of which systems would form a lecture in themselves, f would remark that the gods are not the only beings of the spiritual world whose favour is important, the spirits of the dead must be conciliated. To a Chinaman the spiritual world is a present reality, tlie whole realm of nature teems uitli spirits good and bad, capable of doing him good or ipjuriug him. This has given rise to what may be teiined the great distinguishing feature of Chinese religion, the worship of ancestors, for they worship their ancestors with the same feelings and in tlio same manner as their gods. On the 5th of April in each ' year the while population worship at the Tombs. Often you will see an aged man with his childron and children's children doing homage to the memory of tlioir fore- fathers at the spot most intimately associated with them. A table is placed before the Tomb and 011 it are laid tlie various articles of food for the offering with incense sticks and candles. A saorifice is first offered to the earth, a portion is then thrown and to the four corners of the compass for the benefit of wandering ghosts from the neighbouring tombs, and tliey are expected in return for this polite attention to keep away and not disturb the -ancestral spirits for whom provision has beeu made. After this is done a large quantity of paper money, clothes, furniture are sent through the flames to tlie spirit would. Tlie universal convection that these services are essential tp the peace and comfort of tlip deparled and can only bo performed by a male member of the family and this is the principal reason for that strong desire for male children that is characteristic of the Chinese hence boys are adopted and frequently stolen. 