HUSBANDS AND WIVES. A MATRIMONIAL QUERY. The vera thing 1 want's a wife, To screen roe free misfortune's strife; Nae money, though she haa't an' rife | Will I e'er tak'; ' But <ri'e meJnve nn' iri'n mp life. | Nocht will I lack. Ob, Peggy, in my heart. 'a desire! Hoo finely she can licbt the fire, | An wahh, an' scrub, un' muck the byre. While 1 ait idle! | Te'd think thnt woman ne'er wad tire, Ne'er slip the bridle. I And when we're married, IVggy dear, What, think ye, can wc hao to fear? Will I o'er want my quart o' beer, Or you yer wnrk? Yo will be blest wi' grandest gear, An' sew my sark. Tim Worm Turns. — Hobby; What, going out to-night ? Wife: Yea, dear old boy, must go to the club to-night, you know. Hubby (looking at baby): Very well, if you're not back by ten I eMl go straight borne to pa." f HK WAS JOKING. " Y rs. mv dear." said Mrs. ftnodfiarf mm she banded her husband his cup of coffee acroBS the breakfast tabic, " I realise that we simply must economise, and I'm willing to do my part. I've thought of one way of economising already." " How is that?" asked Mr. Goodhart "Well, I'll tell you, I have a good sow ing machine and plenty of time, and if you'll soloct the cloth, I'll cut out nnd make that new pair of trousers you want my own self and save — why, Henry Goodhart, what is the matter with you? Merry ! The man is going into a fit. ncre, .Taoe, bring some water. Go for the doctor, somebody! Help me to support him and keep him from fall ing out of his chair. What can the matter he? It looks like apoplexy. There! He breathes easier and has opened liiF eyes. Now, Henry, dear, what is it?" Nothing, my dour, nothing; only a sud den faintness. I'll get over it in a few minutes, and 1— I — was only joking when I said that wc had to begin economising somewhere, only joking, my dear." T A Yow. „:_i j »!._ triumph of baring the biggost wadding given iu thai city for years. Who whispered around that tho man phc was to marry had a red headed wife somewhere, who most likely would boon hand to interrupt the coivinony. The church was crowded. A woman advertising for a huphand, wants him not only to bo strictly religious," but of good character." «!> At Niagara, during the Honeymoon.— She: Why do you look so uuhappy, George. ? Don't you know that wo arc one now ? George: Yes, darling, I know that: hut judging from the hotel bill I've just had handed me, the manager of the Cataract doesn't seem to think so. .( "You are Mr. Qnczeen, tbo husband of the celebrated Iccturcss on cookery, are you not ?" "Yes, sir," replied tlic dejected, hollow- eyed man, " I am the man she tries her new dishes on." ft " You went out too soon,"eaid a wife toiler Inn-band at a recent concert.; " Fatti rc- sponed to a third encore, and sang ' Coming Thro' the Bye.' It was aiinply divine. I fairly drank it in." " So did I," bo answered softly, with a slight suspicion of a hiccough, " and 1 can taste it yet-" « Little Sister (angrily): Now, you do what I say. Little Brother : X won't. "You won't, eh ? (Hi, don't I wish wo was grown up and ynu was my husband." A man who foolishly entered upon a ver bal contest with his wife, was met, ftp be was retiring from the scene, by his little son, who had just begun to study grammar. ' Papa," said the child, " what part of speech is woman ?" To which tho father replied 44 Sbe is not any part of speech at nil, Gcorgy — she's the whole of if_" f You may say what, you please about it, hut there is some Juck in horFP. shoos. A wmnau nailed up one against the wood shed a mouth ago, ami last week her husband eloped with the hired girl. The man had not earned n cpnl for more than two years. Mre. StroDgmind : Jared, what does the messenger want ? Hupband of Mrs. Slronginind : Jt'e the tailor's young man, my doAT. Ho has bronght the bills for — for our bloomers. rt Mr. G rumps : YouTI havo to discharge that cook Mrs. Crumps : You liked her at first. Mr. Gruinps : Yes, but she's getting into yonr way of cooking. Wife: There comes that faramp I gave some of my biscuits to the other day. Husband : Impossible ! that roust be his ghost. 0 The Bride : Did you marry me for my money ? The Bridegroom (frankly) : Yes. The Bride (anxiotiFlv) : Did vou got any ? r<« Mre. JimpRen : Don't you think, Mr. Jimpson, it would he a great benefit to our daughter if she were to finish her singing lessons abroad ? Mr. Jimpson : Give it up, but 1 know it it would hp a great relief to me. Husband (at break font): J had an awful dream last night, dear. Wife: What was it. John? Husband: I dreamed that your mother was out riding, and the horses ron awav. Just as they approached a frightful preci pice, with a sheer declivity of 600 feet Wife (palefoced): Oh, John, that was awful. Husband; I woke up and found iLalla dream. It was simply terrible. $ Colonel Yergcr : Why is it that the ladies of the congregation always present the pas tor with embroidered slippers and euspen- dere ? Mra. Yeiger i The suspenders are to keep Op his trousers so that the embroidered slippers can be seen. Bounder: Do you really refuae to forgive me? 6plnster: No. I shan't forgive you, not even if 1 live to be 100 years old. He: Dear me. How cruel! .What chamo liavo I of living eighty years longer? Bho; Well, perhaps 1 can forgive you after 