My Chinaman. I i'icKET) up Ah Lu in Shanghai. Although a mere youth, he had been in the services of an Englishman for some years. He came to rue with excellent credentials. And I had no reason to ropent of lüs coming. He was quick, attentive, nent and ever ready, and survod mo excellently. When I carno to London I brought Lu. with mo. Hore I found him of even greater service thnn in China.' lin « ns scrupulously honest, nud I lind the greatest confidence in him. My business toole mo frequently into tho country. Sometimos I was absent from ' town days together. I never felt tho least hesitation in loaving Lu alono'in my Hat. I know that whon 1 returned I should find ovorything oxactly ns I lind left it. It was whilst travelling one day that I carno ncross a queer case in an evening jiapor. It was an account of a curious rob bery in n south-western suburb. Arespect able city rann goiug homo late at night was waylaid. Ho described his.assailant as a woman in binde. Tho creature offered something for Halo. Tho mini rofusod, and passed on. Thon, to uso his own words, " somothing was thrown in his face," and ho lost consciousness. Ho was discovered later on by ii policeman sitting on tho pave ment dazod (ind half asloop. Ho was unin jured, but ovory valuable in his possession, had gone. A fortnight lator a similar altair was re ported to havo happened in a stroot in tho JtayHwator district. In this case, tho man nsmiultod had grappled with tho woman, whom ho doscribod us of »lender build and youthful apnonrnnoo. It was very dark, liowovor, ana ho could givo no further do cription of hor dross or apponrnnco. Tho samo procoduro had boon gono through in this onso UH in tho other. Thoro waa tho throwing of tho powder, tho unconscious ness, tho discovery by a policeman nnd tho difliipponranuo of money and jowollery. A month olapsod, and then carno nows of a third occurrence, agreeing in similar par ticulars, which was roportod as having hnpponod in tho Bloomsbury neighbourhood. Tho papers now bogati to tako tho matter up, anti articles headed " Who is tho Mys torious Woman in Black ?" appeared in sovoral tlnilios. Dotootivos woro sot to watch by tho do/on, «nd privato individuals joined in niding thom. Hut nothing furthor hap pnnotl, intorost bogan to fudo, and tho senro stood a good chance of fizzling out, when London was stirrod from ita sloop by tho nows that a fourth robbery had taken place in tho neighbourhood of Putney. In this caso tho man nssaultod had mado u vigorous effort to dofond himsolf, but tho mysterious powdor had dono its work, and lio had fallon n victim oxactly as tho others hud dotio. London WOH now ronlly aroused, and tho roport of yot a llfth coso, following closoly on tho fourth, sot Scotland yard by tho oars, und cnusod a run ou doalors in loaded canes anti rovolvors. i I had boon at homo some days whou I rncoivod a telegram calling mo to Birming ham. I told Lu to poole a portmanteau, and tolling him I should not bo bock for a day or two, I hailed a cab and drovo full speed for Huston. Thoro was a block, cnusod by a tiro and I nrrivod in time to soo tho train steam out of tho station. I docidod to go by an ourly train tho nr/xt morning.' I therefore booked my truuk and roturnod homo.. Talcing a short cut home through some dark and ill lighted stroots, I suddenly carno face to fuco with a woman in black, her faco partly veiled and holding in hor hands a fovv boxos of mutohes. . » In a moment I roa I i sod that I was face to fuco with tho Mystery of tho Moment. With out a second's hesitation 1 mado up my mind how to act. I pasRod along quiotly and then whoolod round. I saw hor hand move to n littlo hag which hung^ suspondod to hor wrist, and thou with n quiolt movement sho throw somothing. I closed my oyes and mouth, clonchod luy nostrils, and making a sideward movement, escaped tho powder, 'Pretending to bo overcome by it, however, I rollod on tho pavement. Once down I fnignod insensibility. I soon folt the nimble fingers searching my pockets. I did not niovo a muscio. I suarcoly breathed. It was n trying ordoal, but I got through it somohow. Having roliovod mo of all portable pro perty of vnluo sho dopartod, softly and1 siloutly us a ghost. I wuitod until sho had gone Homo distunco and then followed her. Through stroot aftor stroot I tracked her, always kooping well in tho roar. I'rosotitly, to my astonishment, wo omorgod into tho squaro in which tho block of mansions whore I. resided was situated. Thou, to my horror and astonishment, the woman mado for my Hat, whippod out a key and ontored. I wuitod a moment to stondy myself, and thou ontored. Ah Lu, smiling a cheerful welcomo, came forward. J Lu,' I said, speaking in Chineso, ' thoro is a woman in here.', Lu's almond oyos opened and he shook hi» hoad. ?I£ is no good lying, I saw her come ia.* \- Lu's eyes opened still wider. .-'..' Como with mo,' I said, 'and we'll s"urch tho place together.' Ho carno willingly, smiling a smile.of gentle, commisération'. I oxnminod every, nook and cranny and found nothing, Lu all tho wbüo smiling aa blandly as over. It was puzzling. Then of u sudden something fell jingling .to the ground. It was a littlo sovoroign purse which I usually wore nttached to my chain. Lu saw it also, and he mado a grab for it. That gave tho thing away. .With.tho rapidity of a flash of lightning I solved tho mystery. That night I handed Ah Lu over to tho police With him wont a trunk full of feminino garments and stolen valuables. Mino woro not included in the number. I am not taking any moro Chineso ser vants, oven whoa accompanied by th» highost credentials.-' Pelican.' KEEP QUIET, and use Chamberlain's Colic. Cholera, und Diarrhoea Remedy for all pains nf the stoinucb und all nnnaturul looseness of the bowels. For sale by NESBITT, M'MABTEK. AND Co., Lismore. TESTIMONIAL.-Lismore, August !), 1000. To Martin Koluosky, Medical Herbalist. North. Lismore. Dear Slr.-I have hevu laid up tor nine months' with a pain in my hip. »nd also a bud leg, and also troubled with asthma 10 or 13 years. I have to thunk you for your valuable knowledge of Herbs, "as yonr medicine cured tho effectually. Hoping that others wlllb?ut»at by Îour medicine also, f am your» faithfully, >mns HOCJA.V, North Lismore. 