ADDRESSES ON CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOUR In the evening at 7 o'clock. the Congregational Church, Pitt-street, was crowded A combined choir gave a choral service, which was greatly appreciated The pulpit was beautifully draped and decorated At 7 30 p m the public meeting was commence!, the congregation by that time having been still further augmented The resident of the Christian Endeavour Convention (the Rev J Woodhouse presided At the conclusion of the choral service the Rev Dr Roseby read the Scriptures, after which the Rev R H Rickard led the de- votional exercises the clergymen associated with the prESident were -Revs E T Dunstan president elect, E Crozier (Goulburn),? J Stephen (Maitland), M Reavley, R H Rickard, Dr Roseby, and W M Dill Macky The prominent laymen present on the platform were Messrs H S Austin, J B Spencer, J N Bredon, and V White, Jim The president stated that addresses would be delivered on the subject, " Christian Endeavour Its Mission in the Twentieth Century to promote the efficiency of the Church," and it would be divided into three heads the first of which would be dealt with by the Rev. E Crozier, whom he had pleasure in calling upon to speak (Applause ) Theatre T Cromer dealt with the first portion of the subject, namely, (l increasing its Power Cyouug people saved to serve) " He said that if they were to increase the power of the Endeavour movement there must be in more into lligout conception of the great benefits to our Christian friends They must show that the faith they professed was based upon an intelligent conviction of revealed truth there must be a diligent study of the word of God if they to go to have a view of truth, and they would not h ave a strong spiritual force unless emotion was founded upon this He trusted that in the future there would be the part of Christian Endeavourers more personal deal- ing with the individual (Applause ) If they had (list there would be a large accession to the Endeavour movement If all their endeavours were to make up their minds to sack to win one hour for the Lord Jesus Christ before the next Convention arrived, what would that mean V May God help them to do it The Rev W M Dill Macky, addressing himself to the Bubju t " Extending its spiritual Unity," esid the theme was a general one, for although he was a Presbyterian from the crown of his head to the sole of his feet, yet he was thankful to say there was not a denomination of Christ in Christendom but which was right on the subject of the Atonement, or, in other words, the great doctrine of justification by faith They and he might differ on minor things, hut on the great fundamental principle they were agreed (Applause 1 They believe 1 in the 39 Articles he did he and perhaps better than they did (Laughter) They hello vod In salvation by grace he did he They believed in the sovereignty of God he did he 1 his drawing together of Christians of all denominations and creeds had been the dream and vision of God's children for the last half century and the efforts to bring forward such a unity of time he considered amongst the sublimest move minds of modern tiuiOB (Applause) He claimed that Christian endeavour had done more than any other to bring the denominations into line (Ap- plause) It had taught both old and young the difference between dnuoioinatioualisni and sectarianism (Applause ) Hence the press in all lands had paid the highest tribute to the Christian Endeavour movement in this respect They must take care to see that the ground they had gained was not only maintained, but also that new ground was occupied in the twentieth century, and that the bonds of spiritual unity were drawn closer and closer together In conclusion he would say Christian Endeavourers, by your unity, by your charity, by your Catholicity of spirit, refute the lying calumny hurled against the Church of God, and show yourselves all that Christ is said have you be " (Loud applause ). The Rev. P J. Stephen then dealt with the main branch of the subject, namely A draft its Ag- gression in Curntianising Society " They would ask how it could be done. By striving to create a manly character in the young: Horace Greeley, the great American, on his (death-bed said " Tame is a vapour, popularity in an accident-, riches take wings, those that cheer to-day will cures to-morrow. Only one thing endures-clmractar " Applause ) Christian Endeavour was a school for character It aimed to develop a manly soul in man, and a womanly soul in woman. Character my very nearly at the bottom of all our social problems. (Applime.) Christian Endeavour sought to create among the people a to use or and enlightened conscience. The pledge of Christian Endeavourers laid upon than a solemn promise that could not be broken except at tho expense of broken honour. Christian Endeavour nought by iM pledges and agencies to educate the conscience- and to make the endeavoured feet the sacredness of his duty. Applause.) The power behind the formation of manly character was the Holy Ghost. Cd nut mu Endeavour was what it was that day because there throbbed in its great heart the spirit of the hung God. Christian Endeavour would feel mile world mission when it lost the power of the Holy Ghost Christian In duwKíur might have a grand, elaborate, and perfect organisation, but unless it was permeated through and through by the power of the Holy Spirit of God, unless a vital engine propelled the Endeavour ship, unless they were controlled by the Holy Uli oat, their organisation would be as powerless as the engine of a great steamer when theatre's wore out When they trained their young men to hate every chain. and to seek to elevate public life, the) won in have accomplished one of the greatest movement? of the twentieth century. (Applause) In conclusion he would give them a must for the new century : " Organise, educate, agitate," (Loud applause.) The proceedings closed, with the coming of a hymn and with the Beotdicttuu. 