CHAPTER XXXV. A Pleasant Keyebie. CR I S T I na's brain . was in a whirl; so much lay before her she hardly dared trust her self to think, hlontefiore* s light • hearted ness jarred on : her; for she could not forget the failure . of the gambling evening. ; Loss of money cut her deeply, and anger mingled .with the sting... Her lover expected her to be always at his side, ready to_eater into his thoughts and'feelings. The strair began-to tell upon her nerves, and .at last she spoke, out. ' " I have so many arrangements to make, and such numbers of friends to see, before my wedding, that it really would be better for you to return to Town, and settle your affairs. I find I do nothing when you aie here; your presence distracts me. The fact is, dear, I'm foolishly in love; and I want to check myself, and become practical. My father will "see you' in Town, to arrange about settlements. It would be better for us both, and the parting will be so brief we need not shed a single tear. Besides, think, how delightful it will be to meet agajn." With such persuasions she induced him to leave Compton Hall, drawing a deep breath of thankfulness as she watched him drive away. "That man worries me out of my mind 1" she said to Albert-. "Poor old jjirli" he replied consolingly, "out it's all in the day's work, and this will end our precarious business. Young Monte's fortune will set us np for life." "Do you know," Cristina confided in a low voice, "I fancied yesterday, as I was strolling throngb the lanes- talking mawk ish sentiment to. my future husband, that I saw the 'sack-worm' crawling along, just in front of me. I could almost have sworn to the pointed shawl and flat shoes. Natu rally I had no wish to pass her, for I as sure you I treated- her none too kindly on her one and only visit to Compton Hall I hod no choice but to turn her away when she arrived with the intention of remain ing for.life. I could not have stood it possibly! I hope Monte has no horrid old servants to come sniffing around when he is safely out of the world.". 41 What did you do5" t"Ob 1 I slackened my pace, and kept be hind her. Monte is always ready to stop and admire the sunset, if the sky is the colour of London smoke! I cannot for the life of me think why Betty should nave relumed to tliis neighbourhood,', unless she 'is con templating storming my citadel again. I n-on't havo her inside the door; especially after what I saw yesterday. She went straight along the road to Sir Oliver's bungalow; then turned in at the gate, and vanished from .sight/ It may have been her ghost; for she certainly did not ting; and it is very unlikely she would be in possession of a stranger's latchkey. I have a perfect horror of that old woman ar.d her dreadful prophecies. To hear her talk of 4 Mr.. Eddie' positively curdles my blood 1" * . 44 I should sav it wasn't Betty at alL You never saw her face, and lots of elderly women wear shawls and fiat shoes. You are getting fanciful." "Perhaps! I can make no connection in my mind between Oliver and the 1 sack TT-«™ > for- cVo cfromfch WV worm,' for she was. going straight hack to the station that evening. I can breathe again now Monte has left for a short space, and I mean to pay a rqund of visits this afternoon. His presence - here has hampered me sorely; it is the worst thing in the world to have a love-sick man bang ing round the place all day. It rnns away with every moment of one s time. I-dare say after we have been married for a week or two his affection will cool down! Even romantic two-and-twehty cannot live at the dizzy height of adoration for very long." Cnstina strolled away, while Albert's eyes followed her admiringly. "By jove, what a woman!" he said. 41 She has the pluck of the devil, - and I really think she grows handsomer every day." , Airs. Leach ordered the carriage at three o'clock, and drove off, behind her dashing chestnuts with an ivory cardcase in her hand. As she was whirled along the country lanes two figures walking slowiy and con versing caught her eye. '."Mrs. Jerome, and Miss Thursby," she said. " I'll take a good look at them, for it is really a pleasure to cut such people. I. don't suppose the marriage between Oli ver and the Thursby girl will take place for years. They have no money, nor has she sense enough to resent the degradation of .poverty and fight 'against it. I think I see myself in love with a man, actually engaged to him, and prevented from at taining happiness by die want of means. Td get money somehow, or hang myself." The carriage passed them as Cristina in dulged her scoffing reflections. She turned to get a thorough view of Ethel's face, with a sneer on her own cruel lips. The girl saw her, but pretended to be gazing at some object of interest ahead. The sight of Miss Thuraby set Cristina's brain working. 44 Oliver's fiancee looks strangely altered! I wonder if they have quarrelled. Or is it possible he has thrown her over? I cer tainly havo not seen them together for quite a long time now, and she has lost all her pretty colour, the one redeeming feature of a mediocre face. One cannot be sur prised if a clevei man like our bated enemy; the Baronet, tired of such a young insipid creature. She had the appearance of being in trouble; her lips were drawn tightly together, she was black under the eyes.^ The sight of me may have accounted for the mournful expression, since I am reigning in the home that should have been hers. Despite all our disappointments I've had the glory of seeing Oliver trans planted and humbled in the dust. How mad they will both be when they hear Compton Hall is again upon the market, and they cannot rake up sufficient money between them to buy back the family estate! Oliver will wish he had; en gaged himself to an heiress who could se cure the home pf the Ashfords against wealthy parvenus. It will astonish him not a little that the new Mrs. Isaacs, who will he simply rolling , in money, does not care to remain ift his wonderful mansion, despite her popularity in the county. She and John Morrow throw over Compton Hall as children who tire of a toy. They hare no affection-for the AshforJ gods." She broke into a peal of laughter, aud let he? mind rest only on what, to her, m-vde a pleasant reverie. 