CHRISTMAS BOOKS. The Society for Promoting Christian 'Knowledge has sent us a number of its ex cellent illustrated books suitable for Christ mas presents and school prizes. "A Door of Hope," by Annie L. Gee, is an interest ing historical tale of the Danish invasion in the reign of King Alfred. "Bessie," by Edith E. Cowper, is a story of country .life, in which poaching plays a prominent part, the object being to show the practical effect of a living faith on character. "Leila's Quest, and What Came of It," by Emma Leslie, is a capital story for girlB, showing the folly and danger of disobedience to one's elders. "The Shadow of the Cliff," by Catherine E. Mallandaine, shows how a wild nature is tamed through an example of love and faith. It has a love story and plenty of incident. "Like a Rasen Fiddler," by Mary E. Shipley, is a historical tale dealing with that striking episode in the reign of Henry the Eighth, "The Pilgrim age of Grace." In "The Village by the River" H. Louisa Bedford 1«lls of the gradual conversion of a freethinker. "Ros kelly of Roskeliy," by Mrs. Henry Clarke, shows that sooner or later a man's sin will find him out. "Gunner Jack and Uncle John," by C. E. C. Weigall, relates how a little boy gradually broke down his uncle's selfishness and indifference. Borne of the scenes are laid in foreign countries. Other interesting stories are "The Villagers in Town," by M. Bramston; "The Ghost of Rock Grange," by Bessie Marchant, a tale of a supposed ghost for young children; "Josee, an Australian Story," J>y Mary Bradford Whiting; "Iron Sharpeneth Iron, or Elsie and Her Friends," by E. Logan; "Bobby's Forgetting and Other Stories for Boys," by K, E. Vernhain; also half-a-dozen short tales for young children. The more serious publications include "Sounding the Ocean of Air," by A. Law rence Ratch, a popular account of the at mosphere, and the various, means of explor ing it by kites and balloons, forming a volume of the "Jlomance of Science Series;" an abridged translation.of-St. Augustine's great Work, "The City of- God" ("Early Church Classics"), by F, Ej itontgomery Hitchcock; and ''Our Wpj'kjng Boys: Sug gestions for Their Teachers," by Emily C Orr. ' ; Mesfrs..Melville and Mullen have sent us "The Child's Picture Gtymmar," by S. RokamondPraeger, published by George Allen, London. It is a serin of humorous lessons on the various p^^j|,epwcb, with iiighly - comical ili(istratfons^,Mth.;iii black' and' white and iri | 'fiSctiiwi Gra^wiar,,<a^be« tro^lS^i^mmendedto; kindergarten^ ?*£<!' as, an >of inapftpiflptjiapdn the iuve&ile; inind< the dmEntary^priftciplee o£ 