WAR ITEMS. Amongst the many sends-off to officers going to South Africa, writes the 'Aus- trajasian) must be counted a dinner to Bro. Vet. Captain H. Sugden Rudduck by a few of his MAsonic Club friends. The menu, specially designed, contained a series of nice appetising dishes, which materially helped the hosts to kill Kruger with their mouths. Amongst the good things were:—'Oysters on the Shrapnel shell,' 'soups British Empire and Elands Laagte.' 'boiled schnapper and Hollandaise sauce,' lamb cutlets a la Tommy Atkins,' 'salmis of duck and Mauser bullets,' 'Aus- tralian turkey and Cronje sauce,' 'Vic- torian turkey and Cronje sauce,' 'veget- ables, General French beans and Royal Irish Murphies,' 'Joubert pudding and Ladysmith sauce' 'cheese a la Welsh Fusilier,' 'Cape gooseberries,' and 'oranges a la Free State.' .When Bethune's Mounted Infantry. 500 strong, passed through Pietermaritz- burg, Captain Weldon. of the Leinster Regiment, who eas in charge of the sta- tion, showed various matters of inter- est. One was an amoured train. The engine and trucks are painted khaki, and all the important parts of the engine are covered with plated steel about 3in thick. The trucks have oblong slits for 'rifle practice.' Captain Weldon pointed out Prince Christian who was dressed in khaki uniform and black cloth field ser- vice cap. and carried a mackintosh. He was strolling about with an officer in muf- ti. He has joined the 60th King's Royal Rifles. He is very like the Royal family, especially his grandmother—the same pale-blue eyes: He is short, stout quiet, and unpretentious. Five train-loads of Bethune's Mounted Infantry and their horses passed, one company in each train. Major Bethune, who is feared and ad- mired. carried his empty right sleeve tucked into his jacket. He has an old score to pay off with the Boers, having lost an arm at Majuba Hill. The men ex- pert to see 'fun' as they call it, as he is sure to take them to warm spots. At every station they stopped at friends and admirers loaded them with cake, fruits and drink, and smokes, and presented them with flags with you inscriptions 'Good-bye.' 'God bless you all,' 'Good tuck to the brave soldiers and a speedy return' Some fine horses (£25 jls the limit for a mount) were among those on the trains. and each soldier seems to take a special pride in his mount About 5,000 Naital volunteers have gone to the front, and it is wonderful in what a short time they have mastered the drill. Speaking at Hockhampton Mr Kidston said he had no hesitation in saying, he did not blush to slay, that when, the is- sue was raised he was on the side of the British. {Applause.) He was on the side of the British not only because he was a British man himself (of course it was only natural for him to support his own nation even if he thought them wrong), and not only because of (the world-wide consequences to the Empire which would have followed had England been foolish, enough to give way, but considering the matter purely and solely from the South African Standpoint he hesitatingly said said he was on the side of the British. (Ap- plause.) He believed the Boer domin- ance would have meant a long and ex- haustive cavil war with results which it would take a generation to efface. The following resolution lias been pass- ed by the committee of S.A. Tattersall's Club: 'With a view of marking their ap- preciation of the patriotism of Mr. A. J. Lee, a member of the club, in serving on the second South Australian contingent to South Africa, it is resolved to recom- mend 'the members of the club at the next annual meeling to confer a life member- ship of the club upon Sir Lee.' The Prime Minister, Schreiner, has is- sued the following for publication in the Cape papers :-'Copy of a telegram, dat- ed December 17, 1899. From the Chief of Staff, Cape Town, to General Officer commanding Modder River. A report is being circulated that the Argyll and Sea- forth Highlander killed 81 wounded Boers, whom they found in a house at the Modder River. The report is doing much harm. I would be glad if you would put me in a position to give the actual facts, if they exist, from which such a report could have originated. The matter very important.' Reply received December 17, 1899 :-'There is no truth in the report regarding the killing of 81 Boers by the Highlanders.' Mr James H. Legge, of Gosford, New South Wales, has five sons members of the two contingents. They are Captain J. E. Gordon Legge, Adjutant of the 2nd Regiment, and Percy Legge, of the Army Medical Corps, both of whom are at present at the front, while lieutenant G. H. Legge, of the Mounted Rifles (Forbes), F. H. Legge, a private in the Mounted Infantry, and Trooper W. G. Legge, of the Australian Horse, are all going with the Second Contingent. The father gave all his sons a very hearty send-off, and stated that their action made him 'the proudest man in Austra- lia.' It was just what he would like them to have done, he said. Mr F. W. Wilkinson, writing in the Sydney 'Daily Telegraph' on the Magers- fontein engagement, says :—'We haven't a ghost of a notion what it cost the Boers In the trenches, but our shell fire must have been awfully destructive. A Boer officer, whom we took prisoner told me that he saw 80 men killed by one Lyddite shell, and that he himself had lost half his company. After the battle to see these shattered units arriving in waggon loads from the front, some of them with as many as four shots through their bodies, others smashed up with sharapnel, most hideous sights to look upon. The accommodation was limited to such an extent that scores had to lie all night under hotel veran- dahs, after having their wounds dressed. I stayed at an hotel that night, but got no sleep owing to the moans and groans from two prostrate figures just outside my door, wounded officers next door just breathing their last, Boer prisoners who had been bayoneted by our men writh- ing in agony with death written plain on every feature, men dying in scores attend- ed by comrades who had escaped with slight injuries; fresh waggons arriving with ghastly freight at frequent intervals, immediately surrounded by anxious com- rades, showing tremendous anxiety as to whe were still left behind. I reached Magersfontein, near Modder River, in the grey dawn of Monday, just in the nick of time to see those brave, dauntless 'kilties'. I saw them moving forward through the mist in perfect bat- tle array, with the light, springy step of the parade ground. I watched them stagger and falter within a few hundred yards of the enemy's trenches, under a perfect storm of bullets, then lie down and fire, and finally retire in confusion, leaving their dead and wounded behind, while our own New South Wales Lancers and Mounted Infantry rode up to cover their retreat. At the moment, I didn't know them from the British 'Tommies.' Commandeering by the way, is quite a fashionable pastime here. Whenever yon run short of anything you comman- deer it—from the Boers if possible. but anyhow if necessary. On the way to the front I bad to leave my horse behind at Belmont, there being no means of get- ting further north except by road, and this is not particularly safe when the Boers might cut across the line at any time. I bought another up here, but during the fight at Magersfontein I tied it up to creep closer to the firing line, and when I went back somebody had commandeered it. I have given up buy ing horses now. and still I am not with- out a mount. Commandeering is an art easily acquired. I stood and watched that big gun which they have christened 'Joe Chamberlain' dropping lyddite shells among the Boer trenches with deadly precision, but with- out sim from the enemy. How these blue jackets sweated and worked! They were funny-looking objects—straw hats and blue uniform, all enveloped in kha- kee. But this was not ime for jocularity. Their commander. with a telescope glued to his right eye, kept them going. It was good to hear his cheery words of command. 'six thousand and nine hun- dred yards, at the middle of the kepjie to the right—Lyddite shell—ready—fire!' and the huge gun gave a lurch to the rear as the missile burst from its mouth with the roar of ten thousand thunder- claps. Then there was a lull to watch the effect through the glass. 'First rate,' cries the commander; 'another Lydditee shell same range and same kopje.' A second terrific report as before a cloud of dirty-looking smoke, and as it drifted away from the front of the kopje another shell is well on its thitherwards. This went on for many hours to the accom- paniment of deep rumbling from a howitz- er battery to our extreme right. 