AMUSEMENTS. "WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES">T TUB PALACE. Tho funniest plays that ever wuro written fol low oaoh other in swift succession liko Russian diplomatic triumphs and now hlcyclo record:?. Thero was "Our Boyo," "Tho Private Soerotary," "Tho Amazons," and "Tlio Magistrate, or tho umiTorouG IHneroic tribe; anil "Charley's Aunt," each in its time tho most comical thing on cavtU. Now thero is "What Happened to Jones, " tho American farco Mr. Arnold played 340 times in London, and with which ho delighted on Saturday night a very largo audlenco which, in tho words of tlio coon song, "Get their money's worth." Turn "Tho Privato Secretary" njxddo down, make the "star" Uominatingly triumphant, in stead of a victim, all through, and you have tho motive of "What Happened to Jonas." Jones in ono of those philosophically drily humorous Yankees who.se motto might bo "You can't lose me!" llo "travels for a hymn-book house, and soils playing curds ao a side line." He happens to bo at a glove-fight whither a youthful sport hau enticed Ills prospective fathcr-in-kuv — a duulccated Professor who boasts Lhat lu his youth ho "went to magic-lanterns and played croquet, and was a regular demon." Tho fight was raided by tho poiico just when it was warming up, and tho Professor was offering to lay tho odds with a vehemence that subsequently earns him congralu- tion as tho "red-hottest sport" known. These palrono or "tho noble art" eomo homo running; 00 does Jones; after them policemen. Joncu in sists on bolng one of tho party of refuge iu tho Professor's house, and for disguise whips quickly into a new clerical suit ordered for tho Professor's portly brother, Bishop Goodby of Ballarat, hourly expected to arrive, and plighted to Alvina Star light, a mascullnleh old maid with her old beau's portrait next her heart and his 537 lovo lcttero ("tho warmest that over camo out of tho box") on lavender upstairs. Thenceforward Jones ha© to tako arms against a sea of comic troubles on his own behalf, and that of the much-bruised Pro fessor, whom, as a doctor of mcdicino as well as divinity, ho orders off to bed whenever bo get© in the way; for tho revengeful police aro still lurk ing outside for their prey, to bo identified by Jonoa drab suit. Enters in good time, of course, tho real Bishop, to whom Jones introduces him self as the Dean of Osealoosa, and forgetfully adds "Ifow's business In our lino in Australia?" isniers presently, too, an escaped mauman, wno ; thinks he k> a noble red Indian and prattles moodl- i ly of stealing "much oquaw." Tho good Bishop j having sent his clothcr? out to bo pressed, comes j down in a blanket ("dressed like Silting Bull on ' the half shell," nays Jones), necking his brother, and him the maniac seizes upon as "Ghost-dance Charlie," a fellow- tribesman. Tho ut-nial compli cations ensue as between the iwo blaiikctccrs; also tbo expectable incident of tbo Bishop squeez ing himself Into .Tones' dangerous drab clothe and boing promptly arrested as the wanted man. Finally, and after "troubles enough to make a saint shed bis halo," tho thing comes right sido up, tlio resourceful Jones deftly turning the police flank by frightening the pursuing olllcer out on to his beat with a threat of punishment for wrong ful arrest. It la a rattling, irresistibly comical farce of the kind that is devised rather than written, that iea to say depends principally for euec.css on complica tion, byplay, and slapdash representation. H is in class with "Charley's Aunt" and "Tho Private Secretary" in that respect, though its talk often nparkles with quaint humorisins. "Youth," tfays tho hymn and card vendor, "is the time for hap piness — and illusion. . . . Remember tho pro verb, 'Ho that would put faith in tlio word of a maid would believe n fish .story. . . . Remem ber the proverb (this In answer to a sage proposi tion that everything comes to those who wait) that 'tho good things only come to those who Jnistlo while they wait.' " Saturday nighUo audi ence enjoyed this rollicking play Immensely. People laughed uproariously when tho soi-dlsant Bishop, being coquettlshly approached by tho amorous spinster and asked why he was afraid to ©it near her, replied "It's not fear, it's rever- onco"; and when, seeing her cherished portrait, of tho real Bishop, ho indignantly protected, "If I looked liko that I'd sue my father for damages." And they shrieked when he introduced the sport ing young aristocrat to Dr. Goodly as his French volet, and, upon tho young man hurling 'Tarl.v- voo, Mossoo, pom do tare!" at the Bishop as specimens of his French, explained "He's tongue-tied In French, but lie speaks Eng lish fluently." Ait incident of a young lady of the house and .Tone trying to prevent each other from opening the piano top — where one had miiio French novels and the other a suit of clothes I hidden — and tlio manoeuvres of Jones to ctsoupo 1 from interpretation of tbe Bishop's poems and j ovudo disouewion of Darwin, "tho fellow who i Htarted that monkey idea" provoked a deal of mer riment; and a sphioh of dialect-humor was im ported by Mkkv Ada Leo no a Swedish servant who, for cash doliyorcd, undertook to say "Never ceo Mm come in, novor see Mm go out, never see Mm nohow," but eventually resolved that as the condi tions wore ti o perplexing uho would "Ymnp her Mr. Arnold, who was warmly welcomed on his re-entry, played Jones with a gently confident air a© of a man wvll-used to his part and enjoying himself therein. Ho is not a fn«l -moving farceur of tho ordinary type, but still an alert and hopeful one, who bcuinu with relish of Ms role, and mag netically conveys the joke across the footlights — which Is what only gorxl actors can do. Mr. Fre deric Sharp as Professor Goodly, Mr. Denton (an c-xcelloivt "leading juvenile" who played admir ably In tho curtain-raiser, "An Empty Stock ing") as the aristocratic youth, Mr. "Willoughby no tlio Bishop, and Mr. Thomas an a policeman, wero all (satisfactory representatives of tho char- acter -varieties in tho piece; and the ladles wero Miss AgmtJ Knights, Miss Inez Hcnsnsait, Miss Hopo Mayne, Miss Loo, Mis© Sallie Booth (who wno excellent as the romantic old maid), and Mlro Dot Frederic. Miss Frederic, it should bo nald. was charmingly quizzical and shrewd an tho ward of tho Ooodly'H bonne, who suspects Janet curly, and ends by promising to love hlin. The curtain- raiser, "An Empty Stocking," io scarcely suit able to a bill drawn up to attract the world that amuses itself. It Is a pretty Utile thing, with a Dickens' flavor about It, both in the story of a poor little sick girl whose unmarried father ac- cldently finds her awaiting for "Sant.y Claim" to fill one of her two thin stockings, and In the lan guage; and little Mies Arnold dloplnys remarkable cJovnrncss in her representation of (he thln- vofced, old-fhtthlonod child in a garret. But the contrast between it. and exuberantly hilarious Joneolon is too great. Judging by its success on Saturday night. "What Happened lo JonotV well in for the good "run" it undoubtedly deserves ao an inducement to tho Increased gaiety of tho nation. 