BY MRS C. N. WILLIAMSON. [Author of “Ills Grace," "The Secret of tho Pearls,""The House by the Loch," : “Queen Sweetheart,” "A Man from the , Dark,” “Fortune’s Sport," "The News paper Girl," Etc. v CHAPTEIt VIII.—WHEN THE CAN ' DLE WENT OUT. .-"■“■' .1 uesiiniion wnsnotnorn of fear lent alia should commit ji deadly ■Bin In leaving the convent. She had been induced to enter It by a falsehood. She avas n novice, and had a. right to go at the •end of the time for which alio had made her vows. But that, right had been do med, and It had been intimated that she would ha kept, if necessary by force. Therefore, it seemed to Mary that it would be no unpardonable sin to go, if the .■chance enmo, before the time had expired, since she could not expect thnt I’rovl deneo would send more than one such . ohance before the day when she must take her. final vows. : Itomemberlpg the cold light tit immut able resolve in the Mother’s eyes, Mary 'felt that somehow, protest ns she might, if she stayed now, she would end by tak ing these vows. Blip might appeal; but •.(the felt certain now that her appeal would be in vain. As site had boon told, ■ She would..only bruise body and Soul against a wall of stone. To attempt ■escape without help from outside would ■be absolutely hopeless. • It might bo that Gcorgo Tristram’s' strength could break Out the 'bar.Vfrom her window, but her Slttle'hands bould-not do It alone; thus, ■even self-destruction by'drowning In the lake, if life became unbearable, was for bidden her.-She could not climb the high wall that abut. in ’.ho prim convent gar den, .and the portress was never absent from the great locked gates. All this Mary (old hersel", and yet—and yet—to ftako such a step pa George Tristram pro posed she should take this very night CjCpmed almost beyond her power. Months of privation and hopelessness 3iad weakened her body and broken her nerve. She thought of the precipice un der her window, down to the kike, which . George Hristram naked her to descend on H. rope ladder, and she shuddered In sheer physical terror, She. thought of tho econo in tho convent , when her absence should bo discovered, of the second scan dal in her life, which appeared the more terrible because of tho accusations that Sad been (lung at her like flaming brands that last night at Falconberg. Each one Bad left a scar, which throbbed and burnt still fn tho dark koura when she lay awake. This thing which she was asked to do was far more daring, far more cap 'ablo of hideous misconstruction; than the thing she had done before—the tiling •which had cost her liberty. .Was It worth while to rack her nerves by running such a tremendous risk, when she had only to live on and endure for a few more years, before, she found peace of mind, asi each member of this Slsterhood'liad seemed to find it? In the envelope which had held George fTrlatram’s letter ho had placed a small pencil and a blank sheet of paper. “I thank you with all my heart and' Goul for what you have done,” slie began 'to write, and the thought which she meant to end was, "Yet I dare not do what you propose.” But tlio very words as she •wrote them, the memory of all that he iind done—and for her—cried out against her decision as cowardice, Ingratitude. • lie had risked so much for her,.and she .. was making of It all a failure. . •,. • For a moment her pencil wavered oyer ■ -the paper, then It travelled quickly. “And if you will help tno I will do.my best to. he brave,'' she finished. Then, folding • the paper up, she weighted It with the '.pencil, tying both together on the end of ' tho string, ' ' She could picture all that was liappen ' Stig, after she had let It down. Twenty ’.feet below her window he was standing ■on a narrow, ledge of rock, where present ly, it might be, she too would bo standr ing, though now that seemed incredible. .‘. Ho had received her answer, lie was «ri | tying the paper, he had lighted a wax match, perhaps, to read what she had .written. Now he had thrust the letter . Into his pocket, and was tying the heavy jropo ladder to tho thin cord she had sent None of these things could she see, for the bars across her window were set so close that she could not put out her bead to look at what lay immediately be low, but her imagination gave her each detail, and suddenly she bowed her face between her hands, as if to hide. even from herself the wave or color that swept over It with a thought. How could she ever have hesitated and been afraid when,whatever came of this night’s work, alio would be with him? ■ Soon, In a few minutes more, she would . eee his face. He would not tell her now that he loved her, but one day he would fell her, and ask her to be his wife. She would be happy, after all this misery which she had believed would drag on till death. And when thoy were together hi dear England the past would seem only Slko h. nightmare from which she hud awakened. Ho had finished his preparations. Tor again she felt the tell-tale jerk of the •string. She wound .it up hurriedly, and there, at last, was the end. twisted and knotted round one of (he big Iron books Of the rope ladder. Mary had regr tted yesterday that she did not sleep on Sister Anna. Theresa's floor, so that she might have the same outlook; but now she was thankful above all things to be on the lower story of the wing. Had'there been q. window of an ■ occupied cell below - hers, no one could have come up or gone down without be ing heard, i V i''" ’ 'She tried 'the'.bars, lest there should be -.danger of their giving way when exposed to the strain of Tristram’s weight as he • came up tho ladder, hut all were appar • ently firm—too firm, perhaps, for sucees; later, Mary feared-rand then she pro heeded to secure the. books, suspending the ladder frgm the ,two bars fprthes! > 'll or candle, guttering and smoking li .its tin ’ stick on the stone lloor woi .-still "alight, and before she coukl hav< •believed It possible, two hunds appearet otv tho bars which held the hooks, thei . George Tristram’s face looked in at her 'with only the grating for a barrier. .' At sight of him, so near, so strong b ,-,aave, self-control broke down, and, hold .ing out her hands, which lie caught, ant •impetuously carried to his lips, she burs •into a storm af tears. ■ It took all Ills Btrength.all his determln ration, to keep back the words of passion .■’•ate love that rushed to ills lips, but he dlt keep them back, and even a friend rim; kiss the hands of a woman who has suf . .fered much, arid whom he has come t Even by the wavering candle-light hi : yearning eyes could pee how thin sh [ ’ was, how ghastly pale the little whit •face set In Its frame of dusky hair, an' '■';ae .for a moment ho held i fast the hand lire had kissed, tears rose and stung hi ’ •eyelids. \- ■ \- i-our ennui" ne stammer ed, wlien his words would have caressed her, It ho had lot thorn come at will. "How you must have suffered in this horrible "They oy told mo yj»t'*’Sire tin .vns through my^^WAalcWMtWmed nothing ofooCypltlVl nmttefc’b Ail that nothing matte^”* {fnhbea the girl, not huiwffttjclj jnrSinlng might be ribfrtijinto tlr(»>3»nfeMsjlbh. “I can never tcl^wW I saw you In the fiGM yaAordaymnipkfiewtliut they had liM^V-_tfip / "Then It. i\thr<u'ii>h'''mb,,ilint you are here!" he exclktmvdr'hls heart in his eyes, and the low earnest Lone of hit) voice, "All the more reason that I should take you away. And, Heaven helping me, I will do that, before many minutes have passed over our heads. 1 must leave two of the bars for tbe lad der, but the other three can be spared, and when I have ..got rid of them I will help you through the window. The space would not Ire wide enough to .let my shoulders through, hut It will let your slim lit lie body pass, and all the rest ire spoke cheerily, and Mary felt her spirits rise. She had infinite trust: In him, n.nd she was no longer abjectly afraid of the dark chasm down below. In .-Hence she looked on ■while Tristram opened his knife and began with a largo, k-ren blade to dig out the mortar that held the first bar In place. In the hol lowed palm of his left hand he caught the pieces of cement as they loosened, to-prevent the rattling noise they would make If they foil scattering oji the rooks beneath. When his palm was.ready to overflow, ho passed* its contents bet tween the bars to Mary, wlio laid the rough, broken bits of mortar on the "This is an easier job oven than I thought," Tristram whispered. " The i work Is very old, and as the window Is j small and high, overhanging a. difficult hit to e.limtj, it,.was prnjuihly not. thought necessary-to fasten, the .bars as IClo-re sist the attack of au-buemy/Look. 1 he first one is almost out already.” Mary looked, and ' rejoiced with a fearful joy as lie shook l he rusty iron rod in its place. Both were absolutely absorbed in-the work of the moment and neither heard the faint sound of a clicking latch, as the door wan cautiously pushed op on. at first -only an Inch or two, the'n a little further. “There—it's out!’ ! Sister Anna Theresa could understand many of the simpler English words, and these were the first that reached her ears, os she peeped into Sister Mario Mag dalene's cell. I Upstairs, lying awake wiion she might j have slept, thinking -over the. events of yesterday and to-day, she had fancied that she heard something unusual. There ! were rats in the old convent, regiments of rats, but their depredations were most ly confined to that part of the building nearest the kitchen and refectory. Some times, however, lliey came further afield, nnd scratched and sharpened .their long | teeth on the rough stones inside the an j cient walls of the novices’ dormitory wing. Sister Amftt Theresa had keen I earn that matched her quick suspicions, and when alio had listened, holding her I breath for a moment, she had decided that these strange night noises were not due to vats. She rose, and standing- up on her bed i site.always had to do, if she would see ore than a, patch, of sky in the oiit Ie world, she looked from the window, filling’ was to bo seen uttlc-ss—-was there d a faint luminousness, like a.bright oud, lloating below? It looked very ueh as if -Sister Mario Magdalene those cell window was directly under >rs) had her candle lighted at a Cor dden hour. And there was .a sound Tile elder novice drew back . and epped to the ground. She wondered try much what was going on down tere. In a place where there was so tie excitement, it was insufferable that lythlng should be happening, and she iss'knowing what it was. .Besides, this as her affair. Site had provided the nsatlon for Sister Murie Magdalene, id it was right that she‘should at least Sister Anita Theresa, had seen the red tters on the canvas displayed under ,e windows early that, morning, for -cry spare moment of her time since Lite ty before had been spent with her face the bars, her jealous, curious eyes on ,e lake. Sister.'Marie Magdalene had it confided in her. ■ . If the younger girl laid done this, the tier might have ended by pardoning her ir having a lover. As it was. sullen a!lee lmd been growing, weed-like, in .ster Antra Theresa’s heart all . day. She’s moving in her cell," said tlih no ce, as she began hastily puttins on her ry garments. ‘T’U go down and say I -aril her all the way upstairs, and want >r to be quiet. Then' I’ll make her tell ic everything.” She did not light the candle, but found er things in the dark, lit only by the urple, star-jewelled, cloud-swept square ■t high in the cell wall. The professed un3 of the Order wore their feet bare, te novices had coatve sandals, and, ipplng into these, Sister Anna Theresa itted softly out into the corridor. She roped her way along, with her hand on re cold Btor.e of the wall, so to the stoli •ay; nnd Sister Marie Magdalene s, door nolly revealed Itself by. the thin, gut >rlng rim of light, like a gllt-edgo on re page of a hook. All was silent on the other side as she ent to listen; or, no, there was a curious rexplicable noise, very slight, yet con entrated Into distinctness in the vast lienee of the sleeping .convent. It was s if the Inmate of the* eeH were rubbing piece of rnqtul against stone. Unable o bear suspense longer, the woman vouching in the darkness softly turned he handle of the door.' Inch by inch he stealthily opened It, until she heard -not the voice ol’ a woman In hysterical labblings, as she had fancied, but a aim’s tones—excited, triumphant, and aw that which well-nigh forced a cry f incredulous amazement from her Ups. A man's face looked-in at the high rlndoiv, and a man's kfrejig hands had brn out the first'bar of the cage. Al eatly' as tho'watcher at- the door stared j-dtn*darkness Into light, lie was begin itng the task of dislodging the next. Ie worked with furious haste, as if for Ife or death, and, at this rale, only a ew moments more and the second bar vould yield. A third gone, turd—Sister Vrmn Tliercsa thought she knew what night happen then. A wave of jealous rage swept over her. She cloaked the 'emotion, to her own >ycs, In tho-guise of: righteous' indlgna ion; hut deep in her heart she knew that she hated the girl whose lover ’ought for her against theworld, against :he mighty power of the Church. There was no time to be lost, If this rwful net of sacrilege were to he pro rented; and, without stopping to think, >r to give herself a chance of relenting, 31ster Anna Theresa let her passion whirl her away with Its flooding tide, 11 . a flimsy boat torn from its moorings r. the grip of a storm, ty]th noiseless,sandalled feet, she ran along the stone-flagged passage, down the stairs, and through corridor after rorridor, till she paused breathless, with knuckles knocking an alarm on the door of the Mother Superior's cell. Sharp and quick rained the .taps on the panel like tho rasping blows of a tree branch, driven by the night wind against a pane of glass. In the. cell on the other side there was a hasty stirring. Tile third bar was out. As Tristram Save the final jerk that dislodged It from the centuries-old niche among the stones, the church clock tolled the four quarters, and then, afLcr a pause as if for breath, boomed one heavy stroke for the first, hour .after midnight. . At the same moineht the candle-end, which had been stilling in Its own grease; dropped Its flaming head, amt was extinguished. Mary uttered a faint exclamation. "That doesn't.. matter now," Tristram consoled her. "It’s begun raining a little, but there's a star here and there, and the moon’s come up behind the clouds. Once you're outside, we shall have enough' light. Stand on tip-toe, and -I'll-help you up, with my hands on your waist. Don't be frightened. I won't let you fall." Ilut the wind had risen, and was blow ing Mary's hair.across her eyes. Every nerve in her body whs throbbing. She had, begun to be horribly frightened again, now that the moment was come. "Dli, wait—wait just one minute!" she implored, her little teeth eliciting to gether with the nervous trembling that shook her frame. . "I can't see. My hair will blow all'over my face and yours too, while you help me down that dreadful ladder. Walt till I get my yell, and I’ll wrap it over my head like a hood. I know where It Is—on the hook by the door. I can find It in the dark." Firm, strong hands . had already clasped her waist to lift her up, but with an Impulsive movement she sprang away, and- Tristram heard the light touch of iier feet as she jumped from the bed to the stqno'lloov. Then came a faint rustling, a stilled exclamation. Ho listened for her return in Impatience, for he was desperately cage!' to be away, to have her out of prison, and feel that the goal of her free dom was within reach, ‘•Have you found the veil?" ho ivhls She .dld not answoY; -The., rustling hail ceased, and there was deep silence in' the cell. It .scorned to Tristram's excited imagination that the stillness held a different quality. It beat against hiB ears, like'-the soundless murmur of the sea. in' a shell. “Are you ready?" he asked again, a sharp note of anxiety „ keyed; into Ills Still ho reply. X horrible fear grip ped Tristram by the throat. Had she been taken suddenly 111 and fainted? Had the strain' of excitement been too much for her heart, weakened by months of grim austerities? When he had heard the slight exclam ation, hardly more tftan. a whisper, tv’'ch laid, passed her lips while grop ing in .the dark' for her veil, he had; guessed it to mean.. the. Irritation ' of ] nerves stretched well-nigh to .breaking point, but perhaps it.Had meant more than that. Perhaps it had been a gasp of expiring consciousness as she. stuilc in a swoon. At. the thought, hts blood leaped to his head and pounded at the "For God's sake, speak tojue!" he en treated. No response: and his vague, gnawing tear hit deep with the fierce fan ft of certainty. All hope thatshe ihlght have been listening -.for some fancied sound outside the door, refusing to satisfy him till it had died away, was gone; for he knew that she would not willingly have left his last appeal unanswered, even If she . had but replied by a whispered Some horrible thing had happened there, within a few feet of him. while a pall ul‘ darkness shut down between. "What 11’ the shock has killed her? What If she he dead?" a voice seemed to hiss in his ear; but he would not listen. He shook off the doleful pres ence as If it had beeu some coiling rep tile. striving to force hts- broad shoul ders through the aperture of the win dow. Tie might as well, have tried to push Ills way Into a rat-liolu; but he gritted his teeth together, and would not give up. . Tristram did not doubt now that Mary had fallen, and Was lying unconscious,! deaf to his words. lost to him and to’ the. world, If lils heart' proved faint. Yet there was but one way to roach her, and that was by tearing out ,a fourth bar, to add' to the three that the girl had taken from his hands and laid noiselessly down on her bed. Only two bars were left of the five that -lmd caged the window, and each one supported an Iron hook of the rope ladder on which he stood hanging over the precipice. The bars were set- in vertically, and were not long enough to be laid horizontally across inside the window, or all, might safely have been removed. For him self, this did not matter. If the ladder were suspended from one hook only, he could cling on, and he could get down again—alone—but not with Mary. Still, there was nothing else for It. The fourth bar would have to go, since he must find entmnee to the cell; and when Mary had been revived, he might persuade her to let him lower her, tied to the rope, from the window to the narrow ledge twenty feet below. After wards, It would be simple enough for him to follow. Buoying himself with this last hope, he tore out the fourth. bar with such (ley pc rate haste that he cut the skin of Uls fingers, feeling nothing, wondering why his hands were wet. At last lie could fling the iron rod through the window, and guess that It fell on the bed where Mary had been standing, because its fair made no noise. Another moment, and he had pulled lilmsclf after, dropping down on the rustling straw mattress. Stilt not a sound in the cell.. It might have been a vault, instead of a room In a, house inhabited by many human belngsi. Ho had tried lighting a match to look through tile window and break .the pall of darkness, but so had the tiny llame flickered in the wind before It died that he could see nothing in the coll. The floor where he pictured Mary lying was deeply carpeted with shadow that only seemed to thicken, under the travelling spark' of his vesta. ‘ ' Once Inside, however,: the . wind’s breath could'not reach a match held-in the hollow of his hand. Tristram’s heart was knocking against Ills side like strokes of a hammfcrv' as. .once again he drew out his matchbox. There was tragedy in the .deathly silence. Ho feared what lie might have to see, yet there'was no tirrii? for hesitation. Ho drew another • wax- vesta; across the roughened rijota! .base of the box, and a (lame leaped up! For . ft second Or two ho saw only it. like ii. yeilow star on a background of darkness ;' then the walla of stone seemed to .sprlqg .from the. dusk, straight at his eyes, , There was n shrine; a nail, from which the white folds of a veil draped,! glimmering white as a ghost floating in the gloom. There was the black outline of the poor nar row bed under the window; there -was the bare greyness of uncovered floor, No prostrate flsure.lay stretched along the atones. Hu was alone in the cell. (To be continued.) A recently published return shows that the cash received from depositors lr tho Post Qfliee Savings Bank for thi United Kingdom during 181)0 amountei to 1/30,122,100, and the'repayments '(In cluding warrants Issued but not casher) to I/I.?,171,-170, Thu balance duo ' tp ai: depositors (Including interest to Decem ber 31,;i80ai, was,E130,HS,G05 at the'eno of the year,, against. L123,l'l-i,100 at the end of 180iT. 