CONNUBIAL BUSS. MortlKKS UP KNtiLAKU. Detur than collrer honour*. HeU«r than pluliirtn applauws In to U- Ult mothrr of gallant mm Guarding limit U'ritainV i-hon». BelUrUiau Womtn'is Sutlraee, itetter than viailile wight, Ik a mother's hand on Uie son'R life holm, ui*;* liug lisa 1.-UMIIK; nri£IU. Itclter than pulsdcB? monument. Belter than public acclaim, Ik to live again in n noble son, True author of liis fame. Mothers, dear mothers of England, Best bulwarks of Britain's shore, . Guarding our country's greatness, With rour motherhood strong and pure. Arming our English manhood With the breastplate of your love, With the sword of national righteousness, The helmet of prayers heard above. Mothers, dear mothers of England, The angels might envy your might, The might of a woman's weakness When blent with the courage of right. AN ABSENT MAN'S WEDDING DAV. Whun John Kemhle, the great tragedian, was married, he went to the theatre in the' evening, and acted as uBual, and it was re marked, with as much self- possession and tranquility as before. TIub was a great proof of the wonderful command that John Kemble had over all the springs of passion, quailing . or pouring them forth at will; but the real fact was that he had forgotten all about the marriage, for after the play was over, instead of going home to his new better-half,and the friends who were wailing to take a parting glass, and wish him ever so much happiness, he went to his bachelor's home; and the friendB were astonished when ten o'clock came, and he was to be at homo, that no John arrived, neither at eleven or at twelve. Off to the theatre three of them sallied. ' Mr. Kemble left at half-past nine.' ' Where did he go to, sir ?' ' He was driven to the Temple.' Perhaps he had gone to take a garcon's farewell, and was lingering yet fondly over , the remains of the bachelorhood. Arrived at the door of the chambers, the bell was pulled once, twice, thrice, with no result, and they were on the point of going away when th: window opened, and the great John asked, as he might of the ghost of pana Hamlet. ' Who is there ?' ' Why, Kemble, what are you doing there ? We have been expecting you these three hours, and your wife, Mrs. Kemble, is distracted.' ' My wife ?' replied John. 'What ? Yes, I remember. I had forgotten it.' And the innocent John soon let in his friends. Quite forgetting the morning's engagement to enact the part of husband for life, he had gone home to bed, tallowed his nose, and waB quietly tucked in for the night. What Mrs. J. K. said when he was brought homo deponent said not. Mrs. Gadd— I saw y'r husband on th' street yesterday. He looked very solemn, 1 thought. Has he got religion ? Mrs. Gabb— No-o; it's only dyspepsia. A henpecked husband said in extenuation of his wife's raids upon bis scalp, ' You see she takes her own hair off bo easily, she doeon't kuow how it hurts to have mine pulled out.' A Bible expounder, in speaking of Adam, said: ' When Adam awoke from his first sleep ho discovered Eve. I may here be apropos to remark, that he was ' ou the evo of a great discovery.' But it turned out that Adam's first Bleep was hie last repose.' When Brigham Young received the boxes containing the important silk dresses and cashmere shawls for his thirty wives, he said to a friend: ' All, if you knew the cost of these goods you would not believe for a mo-, uient that I practised polygamy as an earthly pleasure. No, sir! it is with me a stern duty.' ' Henry,' cried Mrs. Von Toodles, grasp ing her somnolent husbaud by the arm. ' Henry, there aro burglars in the Iioubc. Get up and go down.' ' Utter nonseiiBe, my dear,' returned Henry. ' You wouldn't have a man of my social position associating with burglars, would you ? You astonish me.' ++? In King George II's time Lord E ? married three wives, who were all his ser vants; a beggar woman meeting him one day in the street, made him a very low curt sey. 'Ah, God Almighty bless you,' Baid she, ' and send you a long life; if you do but live long enough I may be lady E^ ? .' ?♦??* Domestio Troubles. — 'A nice husband you arel ' said Madame in a passion. ' You care less about me- than about tluose pet animals of yours. Look what you did when your poodle, Ay.or, died.' Husband (quietly): Well.I had him stuffed. Wife (exasperated): You wouldn't have gone to that expense for me— not you, in deed.' ' borrow a thousand pounds upon his wife's jewels, and said, ' I want you to take the stones out of the settings and put falBP ones in their stead, as I do not want my wife to know that I have pawned them.' ' You are too late,' said the pawnbroker ' fpr I purchased the real stones of my lady a year ago.' ♦+ ? '? 'The whisper of a beautiful woman,' nays Balzac, ' can be heard further than the loudest call of duty.' But the man who is creeping upstairs, with Iu'b boots off, at two o'clock a m., and hears the whisper of his wife as he leans over the banisttirs, in the darknesB, doesn't think of her btauty. His chief thought is how much he would like to exchange his boots for a pair of wings. Infantine Ipnocence.— Little Ada and her mamma are in the brougham, with jost about one second to spate in order to catch the train at the station. Lisette, the lady's maid, is closing the carriage door. Ada in sists upon getting out again; she has not kissed her papa. She is forcibly detained and assured there is not time. ' Very well, then, LisettB, you go to papa; give him one of your sweetest kisses, and tell -him I hadn't time to come myself,' A child, while walking through an art gal lory with her mother, was attracted by » statue of Minerva. 'Who is that? 'said she, \- ' My child, that is Minerva,the goddeBB of wisdom.' , : ' Why, didn't they make her husband, too? ' . ' Because she had none, my child.' ' That was because »he was wise, wasn't it, mamma? ' was the artlesB reply. . \- V- -' - ' '' ??*.?'?'?? ? ? : ' -?^?;;'-^.:i!iAi'.','.-;.n: ?'?'? ; ?' ? ? ??_'!?: 