THE AS ACTOR'S HORSE. IKE COLONEL'S STORY. I had a fine company 011 the road at the .time,-and the; play > Vbich<>. gained • us the best houses through . the .provinces was a^seno-comic piece; with-. a. nmajier of .blood-car dling. /situations;,., The horse which the play 1 equlied in ceitam scenes, and which we had taken with us, suddenly died, .and I have forgotten just why, but I know we had a igreat deal of difficulty in getting' another animal which would be even m the least suitable. ; Finally, after'no end of' vexation and delay, a substitute- was procured by our leading man, who himself rode, the horse 011 the stage. I think I never saw a more ug y looking quadruped; .. In color it waS'somp. grimy nondescript "between'a cream and a roan. Naturally rather undersized, it had been starved until it was scarcely more than' a skeleton And in spots the bare, scarred fiesh showed the welts from an unsparing whip. • I With its gaunt head, its pi'ominonfc Joints and dejected aspect, it looked imore like thecaricature .. of a. lioi-.se . than like a Uvmg animal. - : us : i "-By: 1 tlie great ;; 'Bucephalus -! • Where" in the-mamo -of- Busmante- did; vou get that walking spectre Launce?" I exclaimed. The young actor's name wasiLaunce Richmond. He was a handsome fellow, witli a sinewy and symmetrical frame, a statuesque head, tawny Iiair, and blue eyes, and a skin as delicately pink and white as a woman's ; and, besides his physical attractions, lie was as fine a fellow as ever walked—on the stage or off it. My amusement seemed to mortify him: but he was not the sort of youug man to yield a point because of a moment's embarrassment, or because somebody was pleased to laugh at him. " All the horse needs is plenty of food and good grooming, and a little kindness," my young friend answered me. " He's as sound as a dollar ; the shape of his head indicates intelligence, and tboso quick eyes show that hard usage hasn't crushed his spirit altogether." " Well, if yon can train him foi- the required purpose I shan't grumble; but I don't imagine you will ever make a beauty of youi- prize scarecrow." Launce had correctly judged his new possession. In a month no one would have recognised the beast. His glossy coat in color was a lovely dappled cream, faintly patched with mahog-any bay. His limbs were smooth and supple. His intelligence was wonderful; he was perfectly docile, and as playful as a kitten. With the gentleness and teachable qualities he manifested toward his new master an affection almost human. About the time the animal was fully trained and everything was runningsmoothly, one of our ladies secretly " folded up her tent and stole away," leaving us without notice or explana- tion. She was one of the principal characters m the piece, the rival of the heroine in the play; we had no one capable of acting lier part, and we were in a bad predicament, as may be supposed. We had not discovered her absence until wo had assembled at the theatre for the evening performance. nd then somebody brought me a laconic message from her, stating that she had gone for good and all. While I was storming over the illluck, and anathematising the runaway actress for her want of ordinary consideration, a tall woman, closely veiled, was ushered upon the stage where I was raging up and down like a madman. 1 1 Well, madam. ? " I said shortly. Btfore she spoke the new corner darted a quick, furtive glance in every direction, and theii removed her veil. The features disclosed were large and a trifle coarse, but not altogether unprepossessing; Her eyes were a steely blue, and her hair, which was very much crimped and frizzed, was a dark reddish brown. There was something singular about her voice. I noticed it at once, although I was too disturbed' to ponder over the matter, and it failed to arouse my suspicions as 1 it probably would have done at another time. She stated lier errand m a few words. She was an actress,.she.assuredanej rind a member of a company winch had disbanded in a neighbouring town. She-had-been'informed ol --my. difficulty, and she had come to offer herself for- the part. As' she had playel in .the.:same: drama beforej i-she was perfectly familiar 'withthe lines.: To prove the .latter assertion; : slie ihriiiing dialogue in the!third act. : • A' crowd'was 5 already collecting :outTi wde the threatee \raihug?for4;he doors to open, and it can be-imagined with vhat relief I accepted.-the set vices «£. ; he-strange: actress, I had stepped to the back of the/stagewith her, and had called somebody to conduct - her. to- - ber/ predecessor's di'essiii^a ; oom,.when I- heaid ,a, vgasp and the sound of a falling body. Ai the -same instant I. caiighi a smile upW'UiejstiaiLge woman s face Inch Almost made me jump. It was the Most startling expression of "diabolical cunning -and fiendish triumph silver saw in vniy 'life^ ' , % As she disappeared in thef'dii^ctiqn of iilie diegsrag- raom, 'I< returned to -the stajje, anxious ito'leoEun tkermeani, 1 '111 i 1 L ciaa n \ i nrv si w r u o t t> til I l I doi i )e "ill, s Jj g all m 11 Pip 11* 5 J1 the vi i" soul i n it of "nil ovei to i(. Liu "P U ci m i 1 s ldci lj 1 u c ft Ouj 1 e l, ii' 1 1 P-ec 1 1 - m bis m "M\ d iling wlial i* it "Whit liashnppiid o you? he encd m gieat Iisti p<fg i. = °c n "er « * f"31 L° f a ni j j to c ) pit o sly 11 e ii o 1 id long BOILC unl noi 11 reason i il »be ~ t.cwxda » Laimcs, -we-n^rer olig^Hg'Hajre loved eacli~ other Ifjany%ing harms you now l" 1 shall' die!she 1 sobbed distractedly. _ r T _ "What has fu^litene'd'yon., sweet? You weie happy as aland a, moment ago," lie asked'her. , r ' She did not reply. "She only clung to him, shuddering, xnuimunng m- coheietLtly, aid weeping -morejatecmsly th,ui befoie "It wasn't that woman who was here with Meredith just now who lias made'you like this ? " Launce queried suddenly. The girl put her hands before her eyes, as if to shut out some awful sight. ''.ri'^M:^^^--^'-: ':.' " That was no woman) It was a ghost! and it means death to you or nie to-riiglit," slie said, in a fearful whisper, v .-•• - -. • •-- -•',.. • ! The appearance of a couple of-scene- shifters lnterrnpteditlie-unsatisfaetoiy - ; cohferencc.:. '• . -. nfVi And, still soothing her, Launce led her away. Th®: incident had perplexed mo greatly, and I was seriously, uneasy. I was-impressed, vaguely-and; yet powerfully, witTi a s'enSe^&ige;&y; in the air. .,.,'-. .V.'^ I could not. get the lieiidish smile of that strange woman out of my 'thoughts :for.-an*5iist'ant.-: ; Wlmt- aid'it signify V- • • • Wliat had .she evor been to Brsnda ISvely n, that : the lovely young actress should-fear li'o^Jso intensely ? :\ ' Tliese "questioiis^ii-ry ;liaunlSd" inpV But the play or tlie'Cveniug pro- I noticed, hoWeVeiV "that' Bi'fenda Evelyn.did not regain^lier natural repose of manner, and that she was BTR-nning every nerve to"maintain: even a semblance of compSsure. I noticed too,' that Lauiice ^uever;. ceased w'atchingherwith a-perplexity and distress which he did not attempf to conceal. Meanwhile' tlie new actress' rendered her part with- admiral3Te' i ab'irity: and effect. Indeed, slie invested the character, which was that of an unloved and erring wife, with a passion which was almost fiercely realistic. Aud occasionally I detected her steely blue eyes fixed upon Ihe lorers, with (hat same expression of sneering triumph and devilish glee. But evert,hing. passed pleasantly until nearly the end of the play. Iu that act the lover discovers his sweetheart bound to a rock, with the rising tide sweeping over her. As lie gallops to her assistance he is confronted by the wife lie believes dead. The wife risks her life to prevent the rcscue of the drowning girl, aud perishes by being borne over the near cataract. It was a scene which always held the house iu a thrilled and breathless hush. Now, as Launce, mounted on Sultan—as he called his new horse—was about to plunge iuto the mimic wave, a startled murmur ran from lip x.0 lip. The substitute actress hid darted into view, leaping upon a projecting rock to prevent the rescue, as the play demanded at that juncture. If, is doubtful if aiiy person in the house saw what I saw. If they did, they very likely thought the peculiar movement was part of the ylay. It was Sultan's extraordinary behaviour which, had startled the audience. As I looked, I saw in one uplifted hand a long, tlim blade, aimed: straight for Launce's heart, the handle coucealed in the woman's sleeve. Shouting-a warning, I started toward him ; and it was then the shocked'cry arose from, the house. tSultan backed- violently, throwing the actress from the rock, and fastening his teeth in her thick reddish brown hair. The next instant he held in his jaws a wig, the removal of which uncovered the unmistakable head of a, With a snort of' anger he' dropped the artistic liead gear, seizing the disguised performer by the clothing ib'e*-/ tween the shoulders, shaking the man as a terrier shakes a rat,;, while the concealed Icnife fell ringing-to the floor. "" > Launee had no control whatever over the hitherto obedient animal. As lie sprang from the saddle, Sultan, shrewdly edged^away beyond his reach. Then m a flash, the horse wliirld and walked deliberately- -over to Brenda Evelyn, who stood as if turned to stone. With a snort of satisfaction-,and' .afinal energetic shake, lie dropped -IHR half ^senseless victim at the girl's feet. ; Then he .turned and .trottel across the stage to his master, whinnying softly, and thrusting- liis -.nose' into Launce'E-hands, as if-ibeggmg, for;-lus aeward. : : it was all over in a second before any person, could interfere.;:': ••;•• The sympathies of the ;house wei-e all with the jperformer; who had'; been:, so fiercely attacked by tlie hoi se ' • Not one of -the. spectators .beyond - tbe-footlightsvguessed ?that' i-tbe:- intel-; •ligent creatureJiad : :ayerted .an:.awful. • •tragedy and saved Launce Richmond's .= life But the people on. the stage Knewrf saiily rung down for a few-'minutes.-? ;tliere was a scenc behind the canvas inwhlcli:thepublie-hadaio.shaEe. Tie disguised villain was pretty badly hint, but his in]unes weie not severeJenough^ weaken: hissnmrder.ft! ous, jealousy* of^'Bcenda ,J Evelyn's'- Jover. ( s ~ " I'm sorry I didn't kill you! -Vl'd 'have done it »only for that cursed brute, aud I'll do it yet if ever I get over -this'-!* 3 ' lie«snarled; as-Launce appioacbed' , Ht3 was a suitor whom B^nHa Jiad t rejected long before * i He*' T had ~ r te jp 1 h i unli* ""vel it mo r T u i «t - " ! c i-e f iml t^ d cnu'.el ue tod ylfi n IN AI ill Jja ic F-O lon„ 1 S' 1 j PC „ us 1 hii tl 10 el I s A 1 eir e p p f r i v (i m fist pr so tell ins t to' ? ^hV^nd^Effihce^werl'^iarrigai long after that. The mad wretch who had attempted Lauuce'i life ^dii-not" survive ""until thai'blissfid event.' - " He was drowned shortly^ after bis release from "the Jiospital[' whilTief lib' fwas sent'to recoVer from the eHocts of BultaWvigorotis shaking.'- , SuftaS' Vemamed A «io 5 pet" of a the v eompaSiy 1 until Ms mistress-left the" 5 stage for-a, liappy homo life m a Seligbta'liftle house 9 of liei own." I'" 1 see, him "'occasionally trotting * sedately fiefore'a'poiiy'cart,' winch igiufit lai'ge^nongli to hold-.a-'couple -of : youngetarswitliBren-da'slovelytblack'" eyes-and^aunce's "tawiiy.^cutIS;-, '•..- v 