The Aboriginal Des- peradoes. ———— The stoppage of the train at Ard- glen on Sunday night was in cones- quence of a statement made by the Governors to a fettler'e wife, whose house is situated in the railway yard. They entered the house on Sunday and got some tucker. Then they said they would stick up the train that night. A man who accompanled the pursuing party from Narrabri says the party camped at night in a hut which had been robbed that day. In the morning tracks found showed that the blacks had been prowling round the hut during the night, probably to listen. Mr. W. E. Abbott writes:—" The oountry in the disturbed districts is losing thousands of pounds every week by the oessation of work and the terrorising of settlers, and in view of this 1 would suggest that £l600 reward eaob should be offered for the capture of the black outlaws. That reward has been offered in the past for bushrangers, and if human life is of as much consequence as money it ought to be offered now. If another 'method than that hitherto followed is not adopted, there will probably be many more lives lost, and the money cost to the country, •fen apart from the cost of keeping hundreds of poUoemen in the dis turbed districts, will' be 10 or 20 times the amount of the sum which I have named as a proper reward." The GovernorsJjirere seen on Tues day afternoon on the main range , between Wallabadah and Cawney Passes. They were evidently making towards Callagban's swamp on the direct road to Nulla Nulla mountains. . In the Assembly on Wednesday, Mr. Sleath wanted to know who was going to serve James and Joseph Govemor with their elector's rights. ° In ParliamentMr. Norton asked the Colonial Secretary if it were trne that' a telegram had been received announcing the capture by the Bree long blocks of the Minister for Works, with all his baggage and am munition. . (Laughter.} Hon. Mem ber: ""Horrible 1 Horrible 1" Mr. See: "The. boh. member must give notice of that question." After leaving Swain's place, whioh they robbed on Monday night, tbe outlaws mime to the camp of two {meets, situated among tbe ranges, on Wednesday. The fencers were baring dinner at the time, and saw the blacks coming- When within 60 yards they called npon the fencers to nnrrender, to throw up their hands, and to leave the fire. The fencer* obeyed. The outlaws then came to tbe fire, and, discovering no firearms, ^pld the fencers to ntorn. Lord tbta invited the outlaws to have dinner, the invitation beiDg accepted. In conversation, the blacks eaid they would not ehoot anybody ether than those carrying firearms, but would shoot anybody they believed to be in pursuit of them. During the pro gress of the dinner Lord heard horse men ccmiug up the mountain. The murderers did not hear their approach until they were within about 40. yards. Jimmy Governor, on hearing them, spraDg up, cryiDg, " Holy Ghost!' seized hie rifle, and sprang behind a tree, followed by Joe. The blacks then fired upon the advancing whites, five in number, including 3. Heytnan, W. Divine, J. Bchofield, and A. Bob son, all civilians. These men were not aware of the presence of the blacks until hearing shots fired, when they all jumped from their horses, and prepared to return to the Are, all being armed with rifles. However,, ae aoon as the outlaws bad delivered their first volley from behind a large tree, they bounded off down the hill in the opposite direction, leaving all their provisions, quart pots, coats, blankets, and everything they pos sessed, excepting the riflee and am* munition. As they disappeared paet the fenoere, they called out to them, " You osn have all we ere leaving behind ; good - bye," They then bounded down the eide of the hill, the feucere eoy, like wallabiee, strid ing 15ft to 18ft per stride. In the meantime the surprised civilians were waiting for the outlaws to eh'ow out, and were not aware of their flight till the flenoers informed them. They then went back down the bill, and fired several other shots, and within half an hour the Queens land trackers came up, and were taken to the fencera' camp. Tbey took up the tracks, which followed down one spur about a mile, and then doubled back within 200 yards of the fencers' camp ou soother spur, where the Governors had evidently watched tbe police and trackers go down the hill, and tbeu made off in another, direc tion. On Wednesday morning the pursuers came on tbe camp of the fugitives, wbere tbey bad shot a ebeep, part of -which tbey bad cooked nod eaten. On Wednesday night the out laws had drawn cloeer to Nundle, and at 10 p.m. came to Mr. Flood's, at Wombramurra Woolfsbed, where they were fired at by Flood, but without effect. The oullawe then decamped. Later.—The Governors have had no food since Wednesday, when they left all their provisions at tbe fencers' camp, and, therefore, must call at houses, which are now being guarded generally. Their arrest on Friday or Saturday is, therefore, very probable. (By Telegraph). Sydney, Friday. The Governors were seen tour miles from Nundle this morning. The fugitives left the following message, addressed to tbe pursuers : " You asses, go home t" 