? xfi CHAPTER xnr. . SEVERING TIES. * Eeally, Ada, this is veiy nnexpected. tybafc has brought about (his decisio& I To teH Ae trutb/I do not understand why you should leave a home where you are scarcely treated as aBewant.*' V-. •••,• * I am folly sensible of yonr exceeding kindness, dear lady, 1 * replied thegirl, in a rich, melodious voice; "but I Caunot etay. There are reasons for, this that yon cannot understand were I tio explaia them, which is simply Impossible. Iknow you have spoiled me—that, go where I will, I shall not findanother home tike this ; but I must go/' "Miss Meredith made some enquiries about you thia morning, and seemed to tiiink that ehe liad seen you before, but was baffled when she faeaniyour name. Bid you ever see her before I" " Once," replied .Amy, truthfully. " Perhaps ehe would like JLo see you. She said she would call in the morning without company." Amy threw up her head a little proudly. " Miss Meredith can have no particular business with me. I should like to leave this evening, if you'll let me ge." " Certainly you can go, if yon are bent on so doing," replied the lady, taking out her purse and paying the girl her wages. "You have been faithful, and the extra money is a reward for your kindness to Rena." Amy turned away, unable to speak, and went to the library, where she bade good-bye- to her favourites, with streaming eyes. " My, my! Wiiat does this mean ? What ai-e you crying, for, Ada?" asked Herman Singleton, as he came suddenly into the room. " Because I am so miserable," she replied, faintly. " Everything seems to go wrong." "What has gone wrongf he asked, kindly. " Has Rena got one of her tantrums again ?" ~ " No," she replied. " Mr. Singleton, I am going to leave, aud I do love these books so much. It seems like parting fromold fdends to leave them." " Why are you going to leave us ?" he enquired, gravely. "Because I must. I can't tell you why ?" " I thought you had no Mends, Ada; what are you going to do in this large city without a protector ?" " What hundreds of others do," she replied. " Fight my way, contest the road, and if I fail it will not be because I lack courage. " What do you think I have been doing these tnro years ? I suppose you'u laugh at me, but I have been preparing myself to teach." If a thunderbolt had fallen a f . his feet Singleton would scarcely have been more astonished, and his Burprise did not escape her notice. "I suppose you think me preeumptuous," she continued, hurriedly, "but I was born of parents who instilled into my mind a love of knowledge; parents who little thought their only child would have to battle with the world as I have had to-do. When I came here and found these books, and learned that I could have access to them, 1 determined to improve the opportunity, and I have no cause to re-' proach myself, for I have gathered many a slieaf in these two years, and stored them for the future,? The slight figure of the girl Ws erect now. The large brown eyes —her peculiar charm—wer« gloriously bright with the, enthusiasm of her subject, and looking up into his face as she finished,she abruptly asked: " You think me quixotic, aud my ideas visionary, don't you!" " I tbiuk are on the verge of a graud womanhood," Jhe replied. She raised her eyebrows, aud her forehead knotted into a heavy frown*: J lacked y6u for fenhonest opinion," she said, reproachfully. , , " Shall l tell you what I think ? Then I will. Your perseverance is simply sublime; your industry puts to shame older persons than yourself, andthe" manner with which you have$ worked,^unaided and «&h;!e,fb jtnily /Mi^in^f watched you tiie pa^years^ ever since you asked my sister for the use of the library, aud I have seen how you sometimes made mistakes in the selections. of your volumes, but. in the main, you displaced excellent ftastai /I believe; ,you .will suceced, aud you have my best wishes for the .final attainment of your goal." Hie turned to go, but came back. " Ada/ifJbcan help <^ou, I will do SO. Money I have abundance." , "Thahkyoii; but! must work my own way. if ! reach the desired goal, lt wiil.J>e though .my own exertions.** „ .. ^Tbink'well. J MoheySs*pow^> fdl fetikillary.'' - - ^ ^ , '-' One that l don't possesa. Your words «f praSse Are the firet that ( have ti«»iVed from any source, and tbey iffife ^^elcomB ; but t tftts m my ace iiion my, continued. iBiii'Wi""**''.-'. 4 &,: J. ve«, but they are insehsible to niy welfiuet. It makes uo difference to them whether I sink or swim. I don't know why I should be telling you all these things," fhe^dded. ~ - —- . ' "Because I asked you" be replied. "Your confidence ^hall be respected." i •» You have been very thoughtful and kind to me since 1 have been an inmate of this house. Allow too to thank you for your many little acta of couitefi^.' 1 * I should be better pleased if you would let me assist you." " You can do .so.by,giving-me directions where to find a respectable and cheap boai-ding-house ?" Herman Singleton stroked his moustache in perplexity. Cheap boarding-houses were not much in his line, but, thinking for some moments, it occurred to him that he had accidentally heard bf a small house in a quiet, respectable street, where one could get cheap board. A friend of his, a college associate, who bad more brains than money, lived there, and taking out a card that had been 'given to him, he told Amy ol it,andg%ve her the address. " Remember,'' he said, " that the offer of assistance is open to you a year hence as well as to^ay." " Oh/ she cried, breaking down, " your kindness makes it harder to go. I came hef% as a servant, and have received nothing but good treatment; and it is hard to leave so much beauty, brightness, and refinement, everything that the most aesthetic nature could desire, for a small room in a boarding-house-" "Then why go?" " Because I must. Good-bye." She held out her hand, shook his heartily, and vanished quickly out< of the room. -.i'l CHAPTER XV. A SUBPfitSE. The last article of clothing had been put away, the last good-bye was said, and Rena was put in bed carefully, before Amy arose to go. The parting was bitter, far more so than Amy had supposed it would be at first Her face was the last that Amy looked on in the house, for after she had said farewell to every one she stole up to the nursery again, as if loth to leave her charge, and took a last long look. With a heart almost bursting Bhe' went quickly down the stairs, out of the front door, and entered a street car, which finally set her down at the boarding-house. She rang the bell, aud was admitted to the parlour by a piim little maid, who said the mistress would be down soon, turning up the gas as she spoke. Amy looked around her, at the homely but clean carpet, and at the walls with their pictutes. She started up with an exclamation of surprise. "Surely this is the picture that used to hang over the mantel in Mis. Wollerton's room! Yes, it is the same; I know it is I" " Do you wish to see me ?*' asked a voice; and Amy turned from the summer landscape to meet the enquiring glance of the landlady. Taking a step forward, the girl raised one hand, and, in a voice scarcely above a whisper, asked : "Is it possible that one whom I have believed to be dead for two long years is alive ?" ~ The landlady drew herself up haughtily. u I am not a ghost that I know of. Will you come to business, if yon please, miss Amy sprang forward, with a glad light in her eyes. " Don't you recognise me, Auut Louise? Have {Ton forgotten your little pet, Amy Jones ? Ah, you know me now," she replied, as a look of recognition r passed over the old lady's iace, and she opened her arms .to receive her darling. " Thank the kord that He has let me live to s^e this sight! Oh, Amy, how glad I am to Ipok.fui your face egoinl PoOt child 1 how I have tongea to nave you with me after I heard that your papa had died 1" .And Amy did not doubt the sincerity of her words when die felt the pressure of her arms, the kisses on her cheeks, arid saw the glad tears rolling over her face.; "Come, sit down, my dear, and let me look at you. Why, bless my soul! you are a young lady, and I had expected to see you a little girl still Well, old folks think that the young mast stand etlll, but -they 6° on growing all tire some. "Now, tell me all abotat yourself' Amy gave jier entire history, omitting nothing that had happened «nceher father died, and Mrs. Wol- Kerton langhed and fsried.by turns, aslher &vourite; told how die had battled so IsuceessfhUy with an ad- Verse fate;«ncUngbysayingtJhat ^^ni^Vi^^^/i^to fit iwxselffor teaching.> ,, jtvsi . ** I would rather do that than be dependent on any one;' was the quick reply. " Just like your father. He was too $roud to ask anything of his' father-in-law, so his business went to the dogs. Don't you be too independent to do as I say." " I don't want to be a burden to you," replied Amy. Who says you'll "be a burden f When l get tired of you Til tell you. I'll send for your trunk tomorrow." . , «« But, auntie, if yon are really so well Off, why do you keep boarders I* asked the girl, with a qui^ical look on 'her face, for she thought ehe had the advantage. " Because I wanted something to do," was the quick reply. " You don't doubt my word, do you f' " No, no; but I thought yon said sio tomake me feel at esse. I would rather accept aid froip you than anyone." " You are coming to your senses,*'' said Mrs. Wollerton. " It is a kindness you are doing me, child, for I am lonely, and oftimes sad because I have no young face about me to make sunshine and music. Come with me, and FU show you to your room." She led the girl up to a large, aiiy bedroom, neatly furnished; and when Amy was told that was to be hers, she caught her friend about the neck, and kissed her again aud again. ' " Go to sleep, my dear," said the old lady, gently," so you may have fresh cheeks in the morning. Goodnight," and Mis. Wollerton retired, leaving Amy to herself A smile, half triumphant, half sarcastic played about the young girl's lips. " The road to knowledge lies open before me," Amy murmured, " and if I do not garland my brows with the chaplet of knowledge, it is my fault. Dear aunt, how she took me in her arms, and kissed me so many tim£s, and held me so tight that I eould not breathe. The same kind heart, the same genial manner of old. Help from her does not gall and chafe like it would from the others." But Mrs. Wollerton did not tell her of the many anxious visits that Oscar Meredith had made to her; how he had tried every means in his power to find his niece. With a rare tact she daw at a glance that Amy was deeply prejudiced, and the fact that she had thrown aside her right name, only served to confirm her opinion; so she wisely kept her own counsel, and determined to use a-little strategy. To describe the feeling of quiet content that stole over the lonely orphan girl, as she laid her head on the pillow that night, would be impossible ; there was something heavenly in it; no child to soothe in its broken slumbers, no bells to answer, no commands to obey; for the first time in years she could close her eyes with the knowledge thatrshe was mistress of her own movements, go to sleep when she was tired, and awake when she willed. (To BE CONTINUED ) 