li.OW GHOSTS ABE MAHUFACTUnEO. Wr ani still mysiery-loring enough to be f<»uwt to u etute oT intciest by any tangible manifestation of the invisible, especially when : it., cornea to ub under scientific auLhoritt-. A cuiioriiy of this nature wan awakened by Dr. linr-arll's " Bsperifuents on the Aclinp of Mvinls and other Subetanocs on a I'lintogtajdiic riutH," as 1 lie diy title has it : and this rurmsity lias received an Hdditinnal stiiinil'iiiH frdm the furiher rcsearcJies 'whicli lie expounded to the. booirty in the Bn.keria.ti leciuie rn Tliuisday. " 7'liu title of the lecture 'might almost have been " the catch ing »>f invisibln vapnursnnd the inanufaciure ami plmtograidiy of ghosts,'' For, although this advanced ph'itugraphy is quile a piece of lalt-ernia.v scii-nce, yt-t there clings about tin-so oxperimeuUs with invisible vapours given of) from newsjiapeiK, luetals, pill boxes, wood, and u thuusand diverse sub- Mitnccs. an uir of n>eiiia>V4l romance wafted from the days «>f Allu-rtus Magnus. It is l» olaihly within (lie rrcnllociiuti of mos(, of us licit j)r. kiism'ii discovered that an enormoue variety »f Mib>-tanu»-s were capable of giving a priuiuiM-nt record of their surfaces on a pliolographic plale ulien they were placed in coin act with it am) left for some time in Uirdaik. Hutthne was flu definite explana tion of tlie caiisi of t his. Why should a piece of wood a hundred jeais old t»r a newspaper culling, or a palishcd licet nf y.uic, phulogiaph itself \u tills way? The reply (s at las! fortiieomiag — each of these siibsiances gives oft iu own particular vapour, presumably in the forro of a ga«. and litis vapuiir can act flpou the silver sails in the sensitive plate in precisely the same manner as light lfself. The. exact methods by vfticH this ha» been proved at e ton te«;hnicai fo be described at length, but they esscnliafiy cnnsifitio suh- jpctiftg the oils and meta|s oxpciimcnted with ui 8ucUatieatmeutthntthcyary.com, (tolled to declare their onianMlion to be oillier optical rnyq «r vapours, further is no' third possibility. They have l>ecn carried t hrotigti tubes by a currenl of air, made to lorn corners, lo qriggle ip anil out between plates uf mica, and at the end of all these porogt (nations they still reiaindd their former photii£tapliicrap:ibili(.ies. Andity do possible ehauuc could any Brlf-rcbpectiog ray of the X or any other kind do thai. The manufacture of ghosts lends additional proof to the vapour throiy. A sheet, of polished 7111U is cut into home shape— say tbat of a ghiwt traditional form) — and i placed iu confiu-t with a piece of fl-hiie card board for some time; the zinc is then re moved andthccardbuard tied up withapliot.o- grjiplm-. plat. When the nlatv cirtiwa to be dovelttped llieie appears a black ghost- on a while background. Whilst- the xipc and rard- huMid iveie Mg'tber the sine vapour has been snUTieg the |«»re«nfthc catd, so that though to all Appcaraner an blank a& before there is in rtaltty a ghost depicted in it. in zinc vapour, and this ghost can be made visible only by the photographic means described above. The quantity of this vapour given off is in1imt-imsMy small, so small that no bal ance, Jiowerer, delicate, would be able to detect any lose of weight in ilte piece of /.me, 1 so «niull (ft, it llicrr has even remained stifiicicni -oil in the printing of a bonk, dated lfi4l, to enable Dr. Husmdl to obtain a plio- tngiaph uf it. It is to early to arrive at any final conclusion about these tilings, but we slipli almost cenaioly have lo revolutionise our idea about vapours in general. We are not h!1 used to think of nickel, z(nc,and- siumihinin an each giving off the vapour of (tn unilumUrmelelui ordinary (riupcrsaurts; stlllfass can we at present icahse the cahn manner in which (hear emissions stalk through ahfvis nf gelatine and celluloid S6 though there were auilutig (here. Hut the facts remain anH consiuutc one of the most curious and toteresting developmenta of science that has occurred for a long time. 