encore The Lemmone-Narelle tour was so successful that they go on to Queensland. At Temara the local bellman, in "crying" the co., detailed the virtues.Snd qualifications of each in turn. Coming to Flautist Lemmone, he said: "Last, but not laste, is Misthur Limon, the champeen fruitlierer av the wurruld!" The A.M.B. goes so strong at Sydney Eoyal that it may run the Bland Holt season out, but in case of accidents, The Great Ruby, by Cecil Raleigh and Henry Hamilton, is in rehearsal. Eaimund Pechotsch, jun., has been engaged by Belle Cole for her South African tour of thirty-five concerts. Madame comes on to Australia from the Cape, and returns to Europe via America. A contemporary says that "Thomas Kingston has established his claim to be considered one of the finest actors we ever had in Australia." There is no accounting for taste, or the want of it. The Gaiety co. arrive in Sydney early next year, under engagement to J. C. Williamson. His old friend, George Edwardes, did not throw him over after all. Vague possibility of Nance O'Neil doing Sappho before she leaves Australia. Alfred Dampier's Hamlet at Sydney Criterion is accounted a fine performance, marred by some eccentricities, or rather misfits of garb. Alfred's fine voice is a great help to him in parts which give elocution a front place. The Ophelia of Rose Dampier is sav^d by the excellent vocalism of her mad scene —a perfect mantrap to most actresses. Save and except Edmund Holloway's Ghost, none of the other performers are good or ill enough to excite remark, but Johnny Ford was so afraid to be accused, of burlesquing Polonious that "he made the garrulous dotard perefectly humorless. Billie Barlow says that variety business is not nearly so exhausting as burlesque, and that it pays better. The singer in burlesque has to be at the theatre at 6.30 or so, and rarely gets away before 11.30, and rehearsals often keep her going all day for weeks. The variety star need not leave home until 9 o'clock, and is always done by 11. Most of her rehearsing is done at home, and when she appears at three theatres nightly her earnings exceed those of the leading burlesque lady. Melb. has survived the war experiences lecture of Miss Heinbockel, "the first Aus. woman from the front." The lady's full name is Augusta von Laurmann Heinbockel, but, nevertheless, the lecture was interesting, and was enjoyed by several of Melb.'s brainy people, and a fair "outside" house. Baritone W. B. Beattie, of Sydney, mentioned here last week as being ready to fill Wallace Brownlow's place, made his most recent big hit in Sydney during the run of J. C. Williamson's auto-tableau war pictures. Beattie was one of the warblers between pictures, and caught on hugely. The Woods-Williamson co., who were last to perform in Melb. Aleck, before it became Her Majesty's, are doing big biz. in Hobart, despite numerous other attractions. Miss Maud Williamson is one of the stage everlastings. 