THE DEDICATION OF ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. AN IMPOSING CEREMONY. THREE GOVERNORS PRESENT. On Saturday, which was the third day of the Triduum, and Feast of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin, High Maes was celebrated at 10 a.m. in St. Mary's Cathedral in the presence of an immense attendance of worshippers and the whole body of visiting bishops and priests who are here to take part in the forthcoming Roman Cathohic Congress. Im- mediately prior to the mass Cardinal Moran per- formed the solemn office of blessing, and dedicating the cathedral to tho Virgin. A suitable sermon was preached during the morning by Dr. Grimes, the Bishop ot Christchurch. THE OFFICIAL CEREMONY. Yesterday the cathedral was officially oponed. It bad bebn intended that the two celebrations should ' he hold on tbo same day, but tbe Cardinal I came to the conclusion that if this idea were carried out the proceedings would ha too protraoted All tbe | pomp and cBromony which could be devised to do justice to the opening woie brought into requisition, and a mast brilliant demonstration was the out came. Whereas on Saturday the cathedral waa tilled by worshippers who paid no fee, on Sunday morning admission fees were charged at different doors at the rates respectively of £1, 10s, and 5; yet the building was absolutely crowded, The celebration may be said to have commenced on the arrival within the building of an imposing procession of prelates and priest«. Hanks bad boen formed in the grouuds of the Presbytery and tbo processionists walked around by the north end of the cathedral into College-street, led by aoolytes in ad vant« of the Cardmal, who waa otherwise thu fore moat figure m the pageant. His Eminence was in full canonicals. He was followed by train bearers and the whole array of dignitaries and clergymen en- gaged, namely :-The Archbishop of Melbourne (Dr. Carr), the Archbishop of Adelaide (Dr. O'Reily), tho Archbishop of Wellington (Dr. lied wood), tbo Bishop of Maitlaud (Dr. Murray), the Bishop of Bathurst (Dr. Byrne), tho Bishop of Goul- burn (Dr. Gallagher), the Bishop of Rockhumpton (Dr. Higgins), the Bishop of Wildunia (Dr. Dunne), the BislDp ut Christchurch (Dr. Grimes), tho Bishop of Ballarat (Dr. _oure),tlie Coadjutor Bishop of Mait- land (Dr. Dwyer), the Coadjutor Bishop of Sand- hurst (Dr. Bevillo), Dr. Eguu, O.S.B., representing the Bishop of Auckland, MouBiguor O'Brien, the Diocesan Consultora, MouBiguor Bignoy, Arch-priest Sheehy, Dean Slattery, Dein Hoaluy, Father P. A. Slattery, O.F.M., and the Vicar-General (Dr. Car- roll). Ihe procebsiou also included the Very Rev. P. B. Kuouedy (buporior of the Frauciacau missionaries) tho Very liar. Father Urogau (Superior of tbo Paniomst Order), tha Very Kev. C. Boyle (Superior of the Viuoeutiaos), aud Dean Kirk, of Wellington. All of these wore their diatiuotive costumes, and tho priBats following them were habited lu their cere- monial vestments. A great ciowd had gathered ni Collego-streot and Hyde Purk to witness the display, and j udglug by tbii reverence exhibited hy these onlookers they were mostly Iiom&n; Catholics. As UiB procession entered the doors of the church the lintnonse congregation which had already gathered there arose to us feet, ana Mr. Harry Dawkins, at the organ, played BatiBte's " Oftertoiro lu D Minor." The piolates and prinata passed up the nave to the 8»uclutiry with dignity, and, having made oboiauucts befuie the altar,' each person took his assigned seat The higher clergy arranged themselves on benches which had beeu set five deeji on euch Bido of the sanctuary, and the priests out in the front seats of the nave in contiguity to distinguished visitors and the lally. Associated with the priests wore the Kuighta of Of. Gregory, who attended in evening dress, und wearing their ribbuus and stars, namely, MtBsrs. J Hughes, M L.O WJ". Dalton, T Dalton, M.L O , J. T Toohey, T. Slattery, M.L C , Dr. Douovau, Dr. iionny (Melbourno), and Mr, Coghlan (.Ballarat). The Cardinal, suitably attended, then passed back through the nave to the matu entrance in College-street, to receive Vice-regal visitors. By this iiinu u space bad been cleared opposito the Lathudiul by the police, and a guard of honour consisting of the Irish Hides corps uadei CapUiu Mullins was drawn up parallel with the pork tailings opposite. Amidst cheers and tho playiug of the National Aulhern, by the Irish Killen Baud, Earl Beauchamp, Governor of New south Wales, toni Lamiugton, Governor of Queen»lund, and Mr. Le Hunte,Lieuteuant-Goveraor of Bil tish New Guinea, drove up in two carriages, attended respectively bv Captain Wilfrid Smith, Cautaiu Farquhar, and Captain Huder-Fercy. 'I heir Excellencies were dressed ia Windsor uniform, and their aides were aho m f ull dress. They w era heartily welcomed by the Cardinal ou the steps of tbe cathe- dral and conducted by bia Eminence and ofheers of the church to seats in the sanctuary on the right of the altar, Mr. J. A Delaue), the organist, playing lu thj meanwhile tho " i'riduum March " A tew minutes' pause easued to allow later arri- vals to take their places 1 he solemn, impressive, and beautiful service arranged for the day wns then eu- ler«! upon. It was observable at this stage that the audience included the Cblef Justice (Sir Frederick Darloy), Mr, Gray (a member of the Queensland Government), tbo Colonial Secrotary (Mr. J See), the Minister for Works (Mr. E W. 0 Sullivan), the Vice-president of the Executive Couucil (Mr. F. B. Suttor), Mr. G. H. Reid, P C, Q C, Major-Generul French (in full uniform with medula), Major Boam, Mr. J. Anderson, M L.A. (of Victoria), Messrs. Spruson, Ashton, Ferris, uud D. O'Connor, Me.JL, A., Messrs. Fehon and Kirkaldie (Railway Commis- sioners), Mi. Critchett Walker (Principal Under Secretary), the Mayor of Sydney (Sir M. Harris) in his civic robes, the town clerk (Mr. Anderson) in a recorder's wig and gown, the Consul for Den- mark (Mr. Boesen) in uniform, the Consul for Spain (Mr. Freehill ) in uniform, Mr. R. E O'Conuor, Aldermau T. Hughes, Mr L. Harnett (Sergoant-at Arms of the Legislative Assembly), Mr J. Meughor, M L 0 , Mr. G. Coleman (Mayor of Wagga), and Mr. J. M. PurveiiMayoi of North Sydney). The Car dual had ia the meauwbile taken his seat in the sanctuary. Dean Healey, of Balmain, and Dean O'Conuor, of Armidale, sat at his right and left, whilst a number of aurplicod acolytes surrounded the steps of his throne Dr. Dwyer, the Coadjutor Bishop of Maitland, wearing u mitre, celebrated the Mass The musical portion of this ofiice was ni all respects worthy uud delightful. A united choir of 220 von.es, comprising tho best ' nugara from the Human Cntholio churches lu the metropolis, bad been got logether under the couductorshnp of Mr. Delaney, whilst the orchestra, under Mr. S White, consisted of 22 first-class string and wood instrumentalists, who played lu asaociatiou with the organ. Brass had purposely been eliminated from the band, with the result tbat the music was snoot and mellow. Mozart's Twelfth Musi was the ona performed. Tho soloists were Mrs Tierney and Miss Millie W\ nu, sopranos, Miss Kate Rooney and Miss S tan ord, contraltos, Messrs. I'. It Woodhouse, E Hichards, and J. T Brown, tenais , Messrs. D Clancy, W. P. O'Hallornu, and Hogan, bass. This composition is a general favourite, besides being au excellent work of art. It was therefore well chosen, ltoman Catholics ia all countries regard it us amongst the chief niUBical works identified with their worship, and it was ren dereu m St. Mary's with the most sympathetic feeling and breadth of treatment. Probably so fine a speotacle of tho ecclesiastical type has never been seen in Australia oa that which was displayed in St. Mary's inugoificeut fane all yes- terday morning. The warm khaki colouring of the stoue used in the building, winch at the ground level about the bases of the graceful atehos of the nave, ia enveloped m a suggestive gloom, giadually lightons as tho eye travels upwaids into a bright golden appearaucu neur the roof, where it is bathed with light from numerous windows of yellow stained glass. The contrast is so great and so biuuliful tbat the enrichments of the architecture, and the faces of numerous saints and angola which peep out from all suitable and convenient places, are glorified to a degree whu.li makes these details au ideal setting for a religious ceremony. According to the brilhauoy of the sun, this charming elTect is more or less noticeable. Lowei down, of course, the »plondour of St Mary's is added to by lovely stained glass windows and hdnlsonie pictures ni decorative frames Beneath these ethereal effects, uni backed by the brilliant northern window of the cathedral, tho Bight in the sauotuary was oue of exceptional distinction, for in front of the chastely designed altar and alabaster raiedoj, the venerable and dignified prelates and olergy who occupied the bouches soomed to supply ull the Dolour and life which were needed to make the tableau us strikiog us it waa complote und harmoniouB. The Cardinal worn the tint with which his title is ldentiQeJ. All the archbishops wore purple. The bishops were habited in a lighter shade of the »mo colour approaching mauve The others in the sanc- tuary weie either dressed as monks lu dark coloured red »tulls or «ore vestures of fine linen. Those who officiated nt the altar were costumed in state robos of light lemon colour heavily worked with gold. On all hunda there was the glitter of metal. The Cardinal, the urchbishops, and the bishops had gold chaine around their necks and heavy gold crosses dependent from them. Crosiers were In evidence, mid ornamental broaswork in profusion. Some colossal caudles were burnt above the altar, and acolytes passed to and fro bearing plate and in cause, lo show the festivo uature of the cele- bration ropes of greenery were stretched high over- head from pillar to pillar about the sauotuary and earned ni loops around thu Cardinal's throne Ino rertdos and sanctuary were also dicoruted with pot plants. SEEMON BY THE ABCHBISHOP OF . WELLINGTON. Archbishop Redwood, of Wellington, who preached on the occasion, said ' My text is .' Ho «ball reign in tho house of Jacob for ever, and of His kingdom there shall be no end "-St. Luke I., 32-3. We ure here ussembled in thousands to hold a grand cele- bration, and to inaugurate a great event of eccloiitinticnl history-great lu the memories of the past, great in tbe bright hopes of the future-the First AUBtralaalun Catholic Congres) Tor many years, und uuder three successive Archbishops, con- spicuous for their zeal, ability, and success, you Catholics of Bydnoy, emulating the piety of your forefathers in those ages of faith which created the nablest religious edifices, groy with venerable aga, in the old world, set yourselves tbs noble task of per- petuating ia this fair Austral land the glorious tradi tlonsof the patt. This beautiful cathedral, no«* sufficiently completed to make us envy tho eyes that will see it in ita finished magnificence, this structura so grand in design, so solid, so majestic, and ao nob in every architectural graos and detail, ia your gift to the Almighty, worthy of your traditional faith and devotion. It » thu triumph of jour faith and generosity. It will stand ou its commanding site a principal ornament of your quet-nly capital, a .pleudid landmark to be hailed with joy by the pil- grim from distant shores, as he sails up your mooni parable harbour. I remember that, l8 years ago, at the first opening of this noble pile, my theme was the Divinity of Const, and I sue no reason to change that theme to-day. Christ did not found u school by science, nor an empire by might, nor a scot by the passions of men-He founded a religious society, or Church, by His own Divino power , He sot up a spiritual kingdom to loft for evor. Ibis «lonou» kingdom, this spiritual world, iuimeaWrably superior to the material n orld arouud us, is the work I of His Divine cn atlvo power, omployiug foi that mighty purposo Human instruments, humanly sjieaking, entirely inadequate, 'lho Church, being the work of Christ, was made to His imago und likeness. The Church is one wiln Christ She is His suouse, His mystio body. Through her, thoroton), be is always visible, always Bpeuking, always acting in tho world. She is, so ta speak, his prolongation through timo and tpac». Hil threefold function» of prophet, priest, and king he dincharges by means of his mystic bod), the Church. Christ gave infallibility to his Church. But-still greater gift-he r/ave hsr ludofectihility. Not only will she never err in the domain of faith and morals, but she will continue always to the end of the world, and as long as she exists shu cannot orr. hbe is in- defectible, and nhe claims tins property in the solemn and reiterated promises of Christ hor head. Ha promised that the gutoe of hell should not prevail against her , (hat be would hu with her till days even to the consummation of tho world. (Matt - xvm ). Uenoo her failing « ould mako void Hu promises. Infallibility is a mighty and awful giftj but uecessary to meet and overcome a gigantio evil, the lapse of mankind into error, tho total loss of re* vealed truth, tbo extinction of the supernatural ia the minds and souls of men Consider for u moment the number aud nature of the Christian dogmas ; consider the catbohctty of the Church , consider the infirmity and malice of men ; consider the universal solveut of truth, man's proud restless, and perverted intellect. consider men's procliritios to Beets aud divisions ; consider all this, and you will readily admit tho wisdom and necessity of this epocial pro- vidence and assistance of God called infallibility. Christ is st priest, aud He imparted His priest, hood to His Church. Declaring Himself a high priest according to the order of Melcbisedech, Christ as a priest forgave sin. He is the "Lamb that taketh away the sius of the world " That nnwnr of foreiviac Bin He also left to His Church in the person of His priests, who in the Sacramento! Order receive from bim the power which, after His Uesurrcction, He|gave to His Apostles, saying " He coive yo the Holy Ghost whose sius you shall for- give thev aro forgiven them, and whoso SIIIB you shall retain thov aro returned " Finally, Christ, as a priest, gave to His Church hi» sanctity, with the power to create, increase, and propugato it lu His members by the sevon channels of His sucruments, by His perfect law or standard of life, and by Hu Divine example Christ also wished His Church lo be catholic or universal Finally, Chnst mudo the Church apOBtolic, bacauso she has her origin and hor doctrine from Him through His Apostles, and be- cause she has tho succession of her pastors uuinterrupted from thom to our day. Contrast tha true Church, the body and bride ol Christ, with tho multiludiuoua pretenders around hor Look at thoio hundreds of contradictory do« nominations winch swarm in the British Empire and m some other parts of the globe Uave thsy any of the marks of the true Church, unity, sanctity, catholicity, and apostolicity i Surely not Ihoy have no unity Look not for Bauctity in thoso separate sects I speak not of individuals, but of eystsms 1 ho authors of the Greek schism, Photius in the ninth century and Michael Corulanua in the eleventh, had no motive tor their separation but blind ombiliou and lust of power Hie leaders and founders of Protestantism, Luther, Calvin, Zwing« Ima, iS-o , v,eru notorious for their vices Among tho Greek schismatics the clergy aro badly tiainod for their sacred functions, und livo m a shite of pitiful abjection and contempt, they receive little or no consideration or respoot from tho people, and they neither spread nor fulfil the Gospel teaching Amrrig Protestants the moat effectual means of sanctifica- tion havo disappeared-abstinence, fastiug, moititl« cation, confession, communion, Greek schiBiu and Protestantism have rather ob- structed tbuu promoted true eivilisatiuu lho first has brought despotism upon the Last, the second covered Europe with blood and ruins lu the six- teenth century, and has e\or since been the holpet and instrument of the worst foes of Christianity. It desecrated the home, it polluted the nuptial bed, it lowered the dignity of womanhood, it devastated the Behool, and stopped the progress of science. lu flue, neither Protestauta not Greek schismatics bava Bhowu that tne aolion of the Holy Ghost is with them No examples of heroie virtues, no saints in their ranks at all comparable to the martyrs and missionaries of the Catholic Church , and they have never been able to obtain the sanction of a miracle for their work and their doctrine. I hat they have no catholicity is glaringly ovideut lho Greek Church is confined to a part of the East-ehielly Greece, Russia, aud Turkey , and Protestuuts ure circum* Bcnbed within determinate limits- Lutherans in German), Calvinista m Geneva uud France, Augli« caus lu English possessions All aro national and none catholic Neither have they apostolicity. They are separated from the Pope, who is the heit of St Peter, the chief of the Apostles , they huva a purely human and in no sense an apostolic origin. I heir ministers have no lawful mission, and they cannot say that they have been sent by Jesus Christ to teach and baptise all nations Privileged child- ren of this Catholic Church, and stand- ing on the threshold of the twentieth century, we may appiopriately take a retro, .peet of the outgoing nineteenth century. I rum the jaws of a revolution, tbo most fearful lu histury, Christ drew His Church unBcathed, robust, and purified by the lira of persecution Many have been her struggles during the century all over the globe , but mauy, too, ber victimes, many tho event* which have consoled her children in their dire con- flict with the world, the flesh, und the devil We may instance the emancipation of the Catholics throughout the British Empire, brought about ty the geuiua and eloquence of the immortal Liberator, Daniol O'connell , the glorious reign of Pius IX , the re-establishmment of tbe Hierarchy in England , the Oxford movement aud its harvest of illustrious converts, tbe Manmugs, the NewmunB, the Tubers , the definition of the Immaculate Conception, and tha great spread of devotion towards the Blessed Virgin Mother of God, which have merited for this century toe name of the " Ago of Mary ," the Vatican Council and ita proclamation of Papal infallibility , the triumph of the Cathoho Church in Germany over the State despotism, called by sad irony a fight for civilisation, Kulturkampf the wonderful and yet present Pontificate of Leo XIII, a truly providen- tial man. He stands out like a lighthouse over our atorm-beateu age, the ambassador of a higher powor, the representative of a greater moral force, the chiel teacher pointing out to a world enshrouded in dark« ness the luminous path of true progress and civilisa* tion Will the world listen to great LOD'O voice V Will it accept his unerring guidaueo aud paternal counsel, or will it spurn the ¡.nido and rush headlong into the abyss ? Time will tell Meanwhile, what aro the Church's hopes and fears for the century before us ? Besides the widespread perversion of minds caused by the numerous theories of rational« ism, besides the systematic war waged in several countries agalust tho Church, God's rpresoutative on earth, she has to contend with the materialistio ten- dency of the day. I hen calculate the opposition ruised against the Church from heresy and schism and all the means at their disposal Groat as ura her perils, the Church has udequute power from her Divuie iJoundur to meet and overcome them lu this couutry, at all events, her prospects uro bright, while her progress has boen wonderful All I onour to the touudera of thin flourishing Austruliau Church I Hail, Commonwealth of Austr jlia, youngest in the family of natious ' God speed theo in thy great career ! Be virtuous , be free , be prosperous , bo eternal ' Procede prospero et régna, esto felix, esto beata, esto perpetua I 1 venture, in conclusion, to congratulate you, my Lord Cardinal, on the achieve- ment of the great object for which you und your pre- decessor have worked so hard aud sn well I con- gratulate vour excellent und devoted clergy-secular aud regular-who have so nobly co-operated with their illustrious leader But how ebal! I congratulate in adequate terms the happy Catholics of Sydney and the whuio diocese ? Great indeed is the work you have done, and great accordingly your joy and pride at its suocess, aud greater still will be your reward. 1 he rich with their wealth, the poor with their hard-earned wages, the widow with her mite, you have reared this splendid edifice for God, for your- selves, for your children, and many generations yet unborii All honour to your faith and devotion All honour, tuo, to those mauy generous and liberal persons of other denominations who have helped to erect this imposing monumeut, und I aasuru thora that God will bless them u hundredfold for con- tributing to build tbis house of player, this tempi* where Jesus Chnst will be adorad and praised, Hu doetrine taught. His laoruments administered, and the principles of His civilisation preserved and in- culcated In their inmost hearts they respect tht Catholic Church, and, if .hor credentials aro fairlv set before them, they will learn to embrace and love her who was the life uud gliry of Fuglimd for over a thousand years I hail thee, O young and flour- ishing Church of Australia-so fitly represented by tliia stately pile, grand, fresh, «mi! new from tin builder's hand I hull theo as the earnest aud war ruut of countless blessings for the future children ol men And I hope that, in God's mercy, thou wilt long enjoy tbo leadership of tbo great Cardinal who now guides thy destiny, and that thy march will ha from victory to victory until thy final triumph ii consummated in the laud of the living, in tho bright realms of oteroal bliss A MONSTEH COLLECTION At the conclusion of tbo sermon a collection \wu niado in aid of the cathedral funds, which resulted lu tho receipt of money und promises to the amount of £1850, Later on the Cardinal oflered thanks to the congregation and visitóle for the geuerosity of theil gifts, and stated thut, includlug the collection just taken up, no losa than £l¿ 600 hud been raised within the past year. The Cardinal did not add, but it is nevertheless the fact, that of thu largo total ha had collected on his visits to parochial ohurchei £4000, had received £2b00 in private donations, and had given his own cheque for £1UU0 Sluco 1817, when an organisation waa made to gather funda In meet tho present building coutruct aud pay off arrears, £.12,000 had been raised There is jit prosunt a debit balance on the building nccount of from ¿17 000 to £18,000, but moro monej is constantly coming in i HE CLObE OF THE SERVICE The remainder of the musical programme include« Gounod'si " Avo Maria," sung by Miss Kate Rooney. with Tiolin obligate by Kiss Lily Delaney, aud Handel's " Hallelujah Chorus " bj the full elrangtti !v of the united choira. The service, which commenced at II o'clock, wai not concluded until after 2 ID the afternooon. THE CELEBRATION BANQUET. At 3 p ra abtut 400 persons, including all the clergy who had been at the eatbedral and representa- tiva laymen, sat down tj a banquet in St. MarVa Hall, which had been provided for the anthon ties by Mr. E D Tollemache, and was served in first-clou .tyle The Cardinal took the chai-, having on his right the Vice-President of the Etecutiv» Council (Mr. F B Suttor), the Archbishop of Melbourne I Dr Carr), the Colonial Secretary (Mr. J See), the Archbishop of Adelnde (Dr O'Reilly), Mr. G. H. Reid (leader of the Opposition), Maior-Ueneral French, the Coad|utor Bishop of Sandhunt (Dr neville), Mr Bossen (the Consul for Denmark), and the BisHbps of Maitland and Goulburn On the left of the Cardinal were the Archbishop of Wellington, the Minister for Works (Mr. O'sullivan), Dr. Moore (Bishop of Ballarat), Mr Gray (a member of tbe Queensland Government), and the Bishop of Christ- church (Dr Grimes), Mr Freehill (Consul for Spain) and the Bishop of Wilcanois. (Dr Dunne) At th« conclusion of the meal the Cardinal took advantage of the opportunity to propose the tout of the visitors He said the Holy Father, Pope Leo XIII, had sent a special blessing and prayer for the success of not only the dedication ceremony of St Mtrv's but also of the itumau Catho'ic Congress which was to be opened the next day. After expressing gratitude to his Holiness he had to add that all were deeply indebted to the representa- tive of her Majesty in New South Wales foi his at- tendance, and for bringing with him the Governor of Queemdand and the Lieiitenant-Goveruor of British New Guinea (Cheers ) His Eminence also thanked the prelates from (ho other enlomes and New South Wales and the representatives of the Government, the Government of Queensland, and Mr Reid for being present The to»6t was respondod to bv the Archbishop of Melbourne, the Archbishop of Wel- lington, the Archbishop of Adelaide, the Bishop of Maitland, Mr. Gray, M L C (representing the Queensland Government), and Dr Kamiv (of Mel- bourne) The health of the Cardinal wa« drunk at the suggestion of the Archbishop of Melbourne, '1 ha banquet, which waa directed br Mr. J Hughes, M L C, as chairman of the reception committee, was not over until 5 pm. THE EVENING SERVICE In the «vening the cathedral was again crowded in every part Solemn Pontifical Vespers wera then celebrated The Marist Brothers* schoolboys' choir »ung the vespers f m the sanctuary. The Arch- bishop of Melbourne conducted the service The prescher on the occasion was Dr. Higgins, the Bishop sif Rockhampton, who rntde feeling reference to the demise that day, at St Vincent's Hospital, of the Rev. Father Plunkett, C S b R . of Western Australia, who had met with an accident on shipboard on his way to the Congress The musical portion of the service included " Salve Regina " (Cannum), eung by Miss Devitt, " Maneta Mater" (Inucker), by Mr T R Woodhouse. "Avo Maru " (Mascheroui), by Miss F. Bauer, with violin obligato by Miss Lily Delaney , " O Saluran» " (Delaney), by Mrs Tierney, " Tautuiu Ergo " (De- laney), by Mr D. Olaot,v , and " Laúdate Puen " (.Ziugarelll), by Mr J. T. Crown und choros. Another large collection was taken up in aid of the Cathedral fund. 