THE CHURCH. OHTJROH HEWS. At a meeting of the Clergy Appointment Board for the pariah of Buninyong, Arch- deacon Tucker, of Ballarat, presiding the nomination of the Rev. Richard Hosken, of Beaufort, to the vacant incumbency was unanimously approved. On Wednesday morning, at St. Paul's Cathedra), Messrs. Edwards {of Hasting), francis (of Queenstown), Hollow (of Don carter), and Martin (of Bairnsdale), Church of England stipendiary readers, were or deuned deacons by the Biahop of Mel- bourne. Mr. Willelt Bevan, M.A., a son of the Kev. Dr. Hevan, who arrived this week by the R.M.S. India, will be ordained to the ministry of tlie Congregational Church on August 11 After completing bis theological studies in Germany, and at Mansfield Col lege, Oxford, lie was appointed by the Lon don Missionary Society to Shanghai, where it is proposed very greatly to extend the educational work of the society, but it is . J'-, v.i j. ; nrobable that, owing to the disturbed condi gn of China, Mr. Bevan will remain in Melbourne until matters are more settled, pnd the proposed work can be commenced. The Rev. Joseph Copetend, who went to the New HebrideB to attend the annual fc'ynod of the Presbyterian mission, re turned to Sydney last Saturday by Messrs. Burn, I'liilp, and Co.'s new steamer, the Mambare. Mr. Copeland k impressed with the improvement in the New Hebrides, both ecclesiastically and commercially, since tig visit ine years ago, and reports that the croup is advancing fast in the right direction. The Revs. Oscar Michelsen, of iTongoa, and T. W. Leggatt, of Malekula, Missionaries ou furlough, also arnved by the Mambare. ' The Rev. 1\\. A. Thompson, B.A., of the Davev-street Congregational Church, Ho bart who Ims accepted a call to the Sum mer'Hill Church, Sydney, will not leave for his now charge until the end of August. " . « , , A "welcome home ' was given last wees at Ballarat. by a large number of the con gregation <>l't he "Services for th'e People," to their minister, the Rev. J. Nairn, on his return from a fortnight's holiday. Mr. Nairn resumed work on Sunday evening at the Alfred-hall. Archbishoit Carr will preach a special Bermon in St. Patrick's Cathedral, Balla rat, on Sunday, 19th August, in aia of thie building fund of the new Roman Catholic Hall, and will lecture for the same object on ttse following Tuesday at Her Majesty's Theatre. The sudden death of his wife, and the Bangerous illness of hie son, Lieutenant Macartney, through a wound received in the relief of Ladysmith, have had such an cfiect on t lie Rev. H. B. Macartney, M.A. (formerly if Caul field), that he has resigned the position of home superintendent of the British and Foreign Bible Society, to which lie was appointed two or three years ago. In accepting Mr. Macartney's resignation the commit tee expressed their high esteem for him, and their sympathy with him in his heavy trials. The Rev. \Y. F. B. Hoysted, of the Tara dale Anglican Church, who has recently re ceived an appointment to Marsh&lltown;, has been presented by his parishioners with Several articles of silver plate as a farewell gift. A purse of sovereigns has been presented by the residents of Koroit and Crosdey to Mr. James (.'onion, who for tfle last 17 years has been in charge of the Roman Catholic School, Crossley, and who has been ap pointed inspector of the schools in the dio cese of Ballarat. On Tuesday, June 19, the Bishop of New castle administered "the Holy Communion fit a dismissal service of the Melanesian Mission, held at St. Margaret's, West tomster, the departing missionary being Anhur Innes Hopkins. M.A., late Ci Braffertoii, Yorkshire. The "Methodist Recorder," London, re ferring to a speech made by the Rev. Dr. lutchett in the Melbourne Town-hall, says: jj- Dr. Fitehctt made hosts of friends while nere, and such visits do untold good in Binding together the motherland and the granddaughters over the sea." Dean Vance since his arrival at Goul LTVi ,er° H" a SU®* of Bishop and Mrs. Chalmers, has made good progress to ward recover}- from his long ana severe ill .if1, ft M expected th'atbe will soon be n?* to resume his duties. Snnfi! \rV A^e ®c^arr* of Casino, New Romln r ,Ylca?^eneraI of the Grafton Koman Catholic diocese, died last week J"T «}? efects of apainful a^ident he bis b^.. S°Tle S ? rivers'6 ? Tean the northern Bifit 'fts of tae colony. Such was he wag held that t£, i2£ff ich'Sf TiSfl? ^ of Aadover. Mas heoWiin' ^ ^,A '"°?.e,of the best-known ? °§iana in tbt> ys^giicTupaairipiT world," ki'tr ^ssEtesi its >f molLn tt influence fc-wn, near Albury, lost Saturday night, at age of 81 yean! About ft^'weAs "»«<> ie was seized with paralysi8, *Bu D*u W® onfined to his room for fMtte «ay>. iviginally came to Austcfilia in charge ot party of immigrants for fas formerly parish pfie*f ®o became vicar-genferol retired to resideat [ulea from Albu" ' " levoted himself ,» w, \b early a« 1853. Fai Bnarr" '1 - - %the Friend^ oived ,?ng.' and "it- *** S. '1 ,a stranger m a n COnTesmcm lip ..Pirn^Tin wmnm invar. T' t i- "vmnp Lggjjy land: Its Position and Prospects""A ittle cold water judiciously applied may iave A decidedly tonic effect, but a cold both spread over nx weeks and admini stered plentifully daring Synod-time iB not likely & work the good that a real friend would have been likely to desire." The Rev. Dr. M'Adam, minister of the Cathedral, can be sarcastic when he likes, Bays the Glasgow Herald." At a social gathering -the other evening he was intro duced to a leading Glasgow gentleman with whom, he entered into conversation. The talk had drifted to ecclesiastical mat ten, and the layman thought it as well to unmask himself, and he did so by re marking, "I may say, sir. I belong to the free Kirk myself. With a merry twinkle in his eye, and a ''pray don't men tion it" air, the reverend doctor whis pered, soothingly, "I see, I see." Then, with a feigned sigh, he added, "We a' hae oor bite-a fauti. A Congregational minister in Montreal iB reported to have resigned his position owing to his unwillingness "to pray for the Queen and for the success of British arms in South Africa." St. John's Presbyterian Church. Hobart, is prospering. At the last annual meeting the reports presented were "highly satis factory," and the treasurer iannounced a balance in hand of £47. An increase of stipend was voted to the minister, Rev. W. R. Cunningham. ihe rectory of St. Ethelburga, Bisfcop gate, in the gift, of the Bishop of London. ib worth £1,050 a year, and the popula of the parish is only about 200. Troth says that the stipend ought ob viously to be reduced by two-thirds, and the money thus saved should be devoted to increasing the stipends of the incum bents of some of the many poor parishes in the diocese. Services and meetings to celebrate the bicentenary of the Society for the Propa gation of the Gospel (S.P.G.) were inaugu rated on Saturday, June 16 (the birthday of the society), by a choral celebration of the Holy Communion at St. Paul's Cathe dral, London, with a sermon by Dr. Doane, Bishop of Albany, U.S.A. Special sermons were preached on the following Sunday, and on Monday and Tuesday great public meetings were held in Exeter-hall, when addresses were given by the Marquia of Salisbury and others. Dr. Moore, Roman Catholic Bishop of Ball a rat, laid the foundation-stone of the new St. Peter's Church at Terang on Sun day, in the presence of a large congrega tion. The new building will cost about £3,600, and to meet this donations amount ing to over £2,000 have been already paid or promised. The first General Assembly of the United Free Church (formed by the union of the Free Church and United Presbyterian Church) will commence in Edinburgh on October 31. It is believed that Principal Rainy will be unanimously elected modera tor. The meetings of the assembly will be held in the Waverley Market, where ac commodation can be provided for 5,000 peo ple, but the applications for seats are al ready so nnmerous that even this large assembly-ball will be too small. With great courage and faith, the direc torate of the Cape Town Young Men's Christian Association have resolved, "to shoulder the responsibility" of their build ing extension scheme, and to push on with it at once. The contract price is £10,593, a sum large enough to lie heavy on the shoulder of the vigorous general secretary, Mr. Sprigg. The following letter was published in the "Saturday Review" of June 23:-"United University Club, S.W., 20th June, 1000, Sir,-Do you know the story of the pupil teacher under examination on the New Tes tament who wrote as an answer, 'On this subject the Bible is almost entirely silent, but for full details see Farrar's 'Life of Christ.'" Surrey Hills Congregational Sunday-school has again been very successful in the annual examinations of the Victorian Sunday Echcol Union. In "Biblical History" its scholars took the first and second prizes in the senior division (101 competitors), and divided the third prize with a scholar of the Beechworth Congregational School. In the intermediate division (162 competitors) they secured the first and third prizes, and in the junior division (14D competitors) the second prize. At the annual meeting of the English Church Union (E.C.U.), held in London last month, Lord Halifax, the President, ' asked those "who desired to bear witness I to our Lord's Adorable Presence in the I Most Holy Sacrament of the Altar, and j to the worship, both inward and outward that is due to Him in that Sacrament," to signify their assent by standing up, and this all did. Li the same speech Lord Halifax thus expressed his own faith, and that of his fellow-members, "God hid in the womb of the Blessed Virgin, God laid in a manger, God dying on the cross, God 8resent in the Most Holy Sacrament of le Altar, under the forme of Bread and Wine-that is our faith; that is the faith we desire to proclaim." « lie following is the "Declaration" re ferred,to in the last paragraph:-"We, the members of the E.C.U., holding fast to the faith and teaching of the one Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church that in the Sacra ment of the Lord's Supper the Bread and Wine, through the operation of the Holy Ghost, become in and by consecration, ac cording to «nr Lord's institution, verily and indeed the Body and ^Blood of Christ, and that Christ our Lord, present in -the same Most Holy Sacrament of the Altar under the form ofBread and Wine, is to be worshipped and adored, desire, in view of present circumstances, to affirm, in ac cordance with the teaching of the Church, our . belief in this verity of the Christian Faith, and to declare that "we shall abide fay all such teaching and practice as follow from this doctrine of the whole Catholic Church-of, Christ." / The meaning and significance of this "De claration is thus stated by the "Church Review:"-"If that which lies #pon the Alter be the Body of the Lord, as He Him self said It was, It it That essentially and nothing else. Of a grossly carnal figment, sucb as in the' doctrine of Consubstantia tion, the Church, of course, knows nothing. If bur Lord's words be true, the whole sub-; Stance ofthpBread has been made into the Whole substance of the Saving Victim.1 That is what the declaration . . . IneaTis. ' This and nothing else. To this, thernembers of &£ Union to-day reaffim tbeir. &dherence;: This is their answer to th& 4)ron0Ufice*Q£&tfi; made at Lambeth on ?. Among the. passengers who arrived at Brisbane in tlie Wkttmod on Saturday tfSmiwawitv rtf Canada at the ? Sjrdaey irf^the, 