LYSBETH : A TALE OF THE DUTCH. . ? :: | ? I :: ? ZB~Z' U. E/XIDEJE/ H^.CB-CB-^I2.X5. CHATTER VII. — (Continued). Three days later Montalvo made an announce ment to Lyab?th. For a wonder he was supping at home alone with his wife, wbose presence he had commanded She obeyed and attended, silting at the further end of the table, whence she rose from time to time to wait upon him with ber own hands. 'Watching him tbe while with her quiet eyes, she noticed that he was ill at ease ''Cannot you speak ?' he asked at last and savagely. ' Do you think it is pleasant for a man to sit opposite a woman who looks like a iinrrvRe in her riifKn lill hf- wishes shf- wpre one ? x ? ? ? ? ? ? ? — ? ?' So do It' answered L3st-etb, acd again there was silence. Presently she broke it. ' What do ycu want ?' she asked. ' More money ?' ' Of course I want money,' lie answered furiously. ' Then there is none ; everything has gone, and the notary tells me that no one will advance another stiver on the house. All my jewellery is sold a^o.' He glanced at her hand. ' You have sf ill that riDg,' he said. She looked, at it. It was a hoop of gold set with emeralds of considerable value which her husband had given her before marriage and always insisted upon her wearing. .In fict, it had. been boaght with the money which he borrowed from Dirk van Goorl. ' Take it, 'she said, smiling for the first time, and drawing off the ring she paesed it over to him. He turned his head aside as he stretched his hand towards the trinket lest his face should betray the shame which even he mutt feel. ' If your child should be a son,' he muttered, ' tell 1 im that his father had nothing but a piece oi advice to leave him ; tbat he should never touch a dice-box.' ' Are you going away, th-n ?' she axked. ' For a week or two I must. I have been wan.ed that a difficulty has arisen, about which I need not trouble you. Doubtless you will hear of it soon enough, and though it is not true, I must leave Leyden until the thing blows over. In fact I am going now.' ' You are about to desert me,' she answered ; ' having got all my money, I say tbat you are going to desert me who am— thus. I see it in your face ' Montalvo turned away and pn tended not to bear. ' Well, thank God fcr it,' Lysbeth added, ' only I wish that you conld take your memory and everything else of yours with you ' As these bitter woids passed her lips the door opened, and there entered one of his own sub alterns, followed by four soldiers and a man in a lawyer's robe. ' What is this ?' as- ked Montalvo furiously. The subaltern saluted as he entered : ' My captain, forgive me, but I act undtr orders, and they are to arrest you alive, or,' he added significantly, ' dead.' ' Upon what charge ?' askad Montalvo. ' Here, notary, you had best read the charge,' said the subaltern, ' but perhaps the lady would like to retire first,' he added awkwardly. ' No,' answered Lysbeth, ' it might concern me.' ' Alas ! Ssuora, I fear it does,' put in the notary. Then he began to read the document, which was long and legal. But she was quick to understand Before ever it was done Lysbeth knew tbat she was not the lawful wife of Count Juan de Montdvo, and that he was to be put upon his trial for his betrayal of her and the trick he had played the Church. So she was free — free, and overcome by that thought she staggered, fell, and swooned away. When her eyes opened again Montalvo, officer, notary, and soldiers all had vanished. CHAPTER VIII. THE MAKE'S STABLE. When Lysbeth' s reason returned to her in' that empty room, her first sense was one of wild exultation. She was free, sbe was not Montalvo s wife, never again could she be obliged to see him, never again could she be forced to endure the contamination of bis touch — that was her thought. She was sure that the story was true ; were it not true who could have moved the authorities to take action against him F More over, now that she had the kej , a thousand things were explained, trivial enough in themselves, each of them, but in their sum amounting to proof positive of his guilt. Had he not spoken of some entanglement in Spain and of children ? Had he not in bis sleep — but it was needless to remember all these things. She was free ! she was free ! and there on the table still lay the symbol of her bond age, the emerald ring that was to give him means of flight, a flight from this charge which be kuew was hanging over him. She took it up, dashed it to the groui;d and stamped upon it Next she fell upon hei knees, praising atd bless ing God, and then, worn out, crept away to rest. The ncorning came, the still and beautiful autumn morning, but now all her exultation had left - her, and Lysbeth was depressed ard heavy hearted. She rose and assisted the one servant who remained ii- the house to prepare their break fast, taking no heed of thesidelong glances that the woman cast at her. Afterwards she went to the mar ket to spend some of her last florins in necessai ies. Here and in tbe streets she became aware that she was the object for remark, for people nudged each other and stared at her. Moreover, as she hurried home appalled, her quick ear caught the con versation of two coarse women while they walked behind her. ' She's got it now,' said one. ' Serve her right, too,' answered the other, ' for running after and marrying a Spanish doa.' ' Marrying ?' broke in the first, ' it was the best she oould do. She couldn't stop to ask questions. Some bodies must be buried quickly.' Glancing behind her, Lysbeth saw the creature nip her nostrils with her fingers, as though to shut oat an evil smell. Then she could bear it no longer, and turned upon them. ' You are evil slanderers,' she said, and walked away swiftly, pursued by tbe sound of their loud insulting laughter. At the house she was told that two men were waiting to see her. They proved to be creditors clamouring for large sums of money, which she could not pay. Lv?beth told them tbat shs knew nothing of the matter. Thereupon they showed her her own writing at the foot of deeds, and she remembered tbat she had signed more things than she chose to keep count of, everything indeed that the man who called himself her hus band put before her, if only to win an hour of blessed freedom from bis presence At lengtb the duns went away, vowing ti at they would have their money if tbey di aggsd the bed from under her. After that came loneliness and silence.' No friend app- ared to cheer her. Indeed, she had no friends left, for by ber husband's vommand she bnd broken off her acquaint am e witb all who after tbe strange circumstances connected with her marriage were still inclined to know her. He said tbat he would have no chattering Dutch vrouws about the house, and they said and be lieved that the Countess de Montalvo had become too proud to associate with those of her own class and people. Midday came and sbe could eat no food ; indeed, sbe bad touched none for twenty four hours, her gorge rose against it, although in her state she needed food. Now the shame of her position began to come home to Lysbeth. She was a wife and no wife ; eoon she must bear the burden of motherhood, and oh ! what would that child be ? And what would she be, its mother ? What, too, would Dirk think of ber ? Dirk, for whom she had done and suffered all these things. Through tbe long afternoon hours she lay upon her btd thinking such thoughts as these till at length h-r mind gave and Lysbeth grew light-headed. Her brain became a chaos, a perfect hell of distorted imaginations. Then out of its turmoil and confusion rose a vision and a desire ; a vision of peace and a desire for rest. But what rest was there for her except the rest of death ? Well, why not die ? God would forgive her, the Mother of God would plead for her who was shamed and broken heartel and unfit to live. Even Dirk would think kindly of her when she was dead, though, doubtless, now if he met her he would cover his eyes with his hand. Continued on Page 1067. The figure steppe 1 buck, so that the light from the open coor fell full upon it Lysbeth. A TALE OF THE DUTCH. Bt H. Hides Haogubd. Continued from Page 1058. She was burning hot and Bhe was thirsty. How cool the water would, be on this fevered night. What could be hotter than to slip into it mtd slowly let it close above her poor aching head P She would go out acd , look at the -water \ in that, at Any rate, there could be no harm. : She wrapped herself in a long cloak and drew its hood over her head. Then she slipped from the house and stole like a ghost through the darkling street and out at the Hare Poort, where the ; guard let her pass, thinking that she waB a country woman returning to her village. Now the moon was rising, and by the light of it Lysbeth recognised the place. Here was the spot where 9he had stood on the day of the ioe carnival, when that woman who was called Martha the Mare, and who said that she had known her father, had spoken to her. On that water she had galloped in Montalvo's sledge, and up yonder canal the race was ran. She followed along its bank, remembering the reedy mere some miles away spotted with islets that were only visited from time tp time by fishermen and wild- fowlers, the great Haarlemer Mere which covered many thousands of acres of ground. ; That merp she felt sure must look very cool and beautiful on such a night aB this, and tbe wiud would whisper sweetly among the tall bull-rushes 'which fringed its banks. On Lysbeth -went, and on and on ; it was a long, long walk, but at last she came there, and, oh ! the place was sweet and vast and lonely. For so far as her eye could reach in the light of the low moon there was nothing bnt glimmering water, broken here and there by the reed- wreathed islands. Hark ! how the frogs croaked acd the bitterns boomed among the rashes. Look where the wild duck swam, leaving behind the broad trails of silver as their. breasts broke the surface of the great mere into rippling lines. There, on an island, not a bow-shot from her, grew tufts of a daisy- like marsh flower, white flowers such as she remembered gathering when she was a childi A desire came upon her to pluck some of these flowers, and the water was shallow ; surely she could wade to the island, or if cot what did it matter P Then she oould turn to the bank again, or she might stay to sleep awhile in the water ; what did it matter ? She stepped from the bank — how sweet and cool it felt to her feet ? Nowitwtsup to her knees, now it reached her middle, and now the little wavelets broke upon her breast. But she would -not go back, for there ahead of her was the island, and the /white flowers were so olose that ; she could count them, eight upon one bunch, and twelve upon the next. Another step and the water struck her in the face, one more and it closed above her head. She rose, and a low cry broke from her lips. Then, as in a dream, Lysbeth saw a eldff glide out from among the rushes before ber. She saw also a strange, mutilated face, which she remembered dimly, bonding over the edge of the boat, and along, brown hand stretched out to clasp her, while a hoarse voice bade her keep still and fear nothing. After tMs came a sound of singing in her ears and darkness. When Lysbeth woke again she found herself lying npon the .ground, or rather upon a thick mattress of dry reeds and aromatic grasses. Look ing round her Bhe saw that she was in a hut, . reed-roofed, and plaslered with a thick mud. In one : comer -of -the -hut stood a fireplace with a \- chimney artfully built of day, and on the fixe of ; turfs boiled an earthen pot. Hanging from the \- roof by a string of twisted gr&BS; was a fish, fresh caught, a splendid pike, and .near to it a bunch of smoked eelg. Over her also was thrown a. magnificent, rug of otter skins, from all of which - she gathered that she must be in the hovel of: some fisherman. Now by degrees the past came hack to Lysbeth, and ehe remembered her parting with the man -who called himself herhuibard ; remembered also her moonlight flight and how she had waded out . into the waters of the great mere to pluck the white flowers, and low, as they closed above her head, a hand had been stretched oat to rave Iter. Lysbeth remembered, and remembering, she sighed aloud. The sound of her sighing seemed to attact the attention of someone who was listening outside the hut ; at any rate, a rough door was opened or pushed aside and a figure entered. ' Are you awake, lady ?'' said a hoarse voice. ' Yes,' answered Lysbeth, ' but Ml me how did I come here and who are you 1' The figure stepped hack bo that the light from the open door fell full upon it. ' Look, Jan Tan Hout's daughter aod Juan Montalvo's wife ; those who have Been me once do not forget me.' Lysbeth eat tip in'the'bed' and looked at 'die gaunt, powerful form, the deep-Bet grey eyes, the wide- spread nostrils, the scarred, high cheek bones, the teeth made ^prominent by some devil's work upon the lips, and the grizzled lock; of hair that hung acroBathe forehead. . In an instant she ? knew her. ' You areMariha tho Mare,' she stud. u Yes, I am the Mate, none other, and yon are in the Mare'estable. Whathashe been doing to you, that Sptuuaid dog, that you came last night to ask the greatwatertoiii(le you and your shame?' Lysbeth made no answer ; tbe etory seemed hard to begin to this strange woman. Then Martha went cn : ' What did I tell you, Lysbeth van Hout P Didlnotaay that your blood should warn you against the Spaniard ? Well, well, you saved me &om; the ioe and I have saved you from the water. Ah ! who was it that led me to row round by that outer isle last night because I could not deep f Well, what does it matter ; God willed it so, and here you lie in the Mare's stable. Nay, do not answer me, first you must eat.' Then, going to the pot, sbe took it from ihe fire and poured its contents into an^eartben basin, and, at tbe smell of them, for tbe flret time for days, Lysbeth felt Tiungry.. Of what that stew was compounded she never learned, hot she ate it to the last spoonful and was thankful, while Martha, seated on the ground beside her, watched her with delight, from time to time stretching out a long, thin hand to touch the brown hair that hung about her shoulders. ' Gome out and look,1' said Martha when her guest had done eating, and she Jed her through the doorway of the hat. T-- Lysbeth gazed round her, hut in truth there was not much to see. The hut itself was hidden away in a little clamp of swamp willows that grew upon .a mound in the midst of a marahy plain, broken here and there by patches of reed and bulrushes. Walking across this plain for a hundred yards or so, they came to more reeds, and in them a boat hidden cunningly, for here was tho water of the lake, and, not fifty paces away, what seemed to be the shore of an island The - Mare bade her get into the bo^t and rowed her across to this island, then round it to another, and thence to another and another. ' Now .tell me,' she said, ' npon which of them iB my stable built P' Lysbeth shook her head helplessly. ?' You ' cannot tell, no, nor any living man ; I say that no man lives who could find it, eavel myself, who know the path there by sight or by day. ' Look,' and she pointed to the vast surface of the mere, 'on this great sea are thousands of such islets, and before they find me the Spaniards mutt search them all, for here upon the lonely waters no spies or hounds will help them.' Then she began to row again without even looking round, and presently they were in the clump of reeds from which they had started. ' I must bB going home,' faltered Lysbeth. ' No,' answered Martha, ' it is too late, you have slept long. Look, the sun is westering fast, this night you must stop with me. Oh ! do not be afraid, my fare is rough, but it is sweet and fresh and plenty ; fish from the mere as much as you will, for who can catch them better than I P ; And water-fowl that I snare, yes, and their eggs, moreover, dried flesh and bacon which I get from the mainland, for there I bave friends whom sometimes I meet at night.' So Lysbeth yielded, for the great peace of this lake pleased her. Oh ! after all that she had gone through it was like heaven to watch the sun sinking towards the quiet water, to bear the wild fowl call, to see the fish leap and tho halcyons flash by, and above all to be sure that by nothing ? short of a miracle could this divine silence, broken only by Nature's voices, -be defiled with the sound of the hated accents of the man who had ruined and betrayed her. Yes, she was ! weary, and a strange unaccustomed languor crept over her ; Bhe would rest there this night also. So they went back bo the hut, and made ready ' ? for their evening meal, aud as ahe fried the fish : over the fire of peats, verily Lysbeth found her self laughing like a girl again. Then they ate . ? it with appetite, and after it was done, Mother . Martha prayed -aloud, yes, aud without fear, although she knew Lysbeth to be a Catholic, read^from her one treasure, a Testament, crouch ing there in the light of the fire and saying : ' See, lady, what a place this is for a heretic t3 bide in. Where else may a woman read from the Bible and fear no spy or priest f ' and, remembering a certain story, Lysbeth shivered at her words. ' Now,' said thB Mare, when Bhe had finished reading, ' tell me before you sleep what it was that brought you into tbe waters of the Haarlem Mere, and what that Spanish man has done to you. Do not be afraid, for though lam mad, or so they say, I can keep counsel, and between you and me are many bonds, Jan van Hout's daughter,, some of .which you know and see, and some of which you cannot know acd Bee, bat' which God 'will weave in His o wn season.' Lysbeth looked at the weird countenance, distorted and made unlicmen by long torment -of body and mind, -and found in at something to. trust ; ;yes, even some .sjga of that sympathy whioh she so sorely needed. V So she told her all ; the tale from the first word of it to the last. The Mare listened in silence, for no story of evil perpetrated by a 'Spaniard seemed to move or astonish her, -only when Lysbeth had done, she said ? ' Ah 1 child, had you bat known of me, and Where to find me, yon ahould have asked my aid.1' u Why, mother, what could yon have done ?' \- said Lysbeth. ' Done ? I would have followed him by night until I found my chance in some lonely place, and there I would have ? ' Then she stretched out her bony hand to the red light of the fire, and Lysbeth' saw that in it 'was a knife. She sank hack aghast. ' Why are yon frightened, my pretty lady P' asked the Mare. ' I tell you that I live only for one thing — to kill Spaniards, yes, priests first and then tho others. Oh ! I have a long count to pay ; for every time that he waB tortured -a life, for every groan he uttered at the stake a life ; yes, so many for the father and half as many for the eon. Well, I shall live to be old, I know that I shall live to lae old, and the count will he discharged, ay, to the last stiver.' As she *poke, the outlawed Water Wife had ri8en, and&e; flare of the fixe struck fall upon her. It was an awful face that Lysbeth beheld by the light of it, full of fierceness and«nergy, the face of an Snapiied avenger, dread and unnatural, yet not altogether repulsive. Indeed, the countenance was such aB an imaginative artist might give to one of the beasts in the Book of Revelations. Amazed and terrified, Lysbeth said nothing. ' I frighten yon, gentle onV went on the MjuWj 'yon who, although you have eufiered, are still full of the milk of human kindness. Wait, woman, waittill they have ^nurdared the man you love, till your heart is like my heart, and yon also live on, notfor love's sake, not for life's sake, but to be a Sword, a Sword, a Sword in the hand of God.' ' Cease, I pay yon,' eaid Lysbeth in a low voice ; ' I am faint, I am ill.' Bhe was indeed, and Itifoie toOQungJhure, in that lonely hovel on the island of the mere, a son was born to her. ' ' ' When she was strong enough her nurse spoke : ' Will you keep the brat, or shall I kill it ?' sheaBsed. ' How can I kill my child ?' Lysbeth asked. ' It is the Spaniard's child also, end remember the curse you told me of, your own curse uttered on this . thing before ever yon were married ? if it lives tbat curse shall cling to it,; and through it you, totJ, shall be ftocursed. - Best let me kill it and have done.' ' How can -I kill my own child ? Touch it not,' answered Lysbeth sullenly. So the black-eyed boy lived and throve. Somewhat slowly, lying there in the island hnt, Lysbeth won hack her strength. The Mare, or Mother Martha, as Lysbeth had now learned to call her, tended her aB few mid wives would have done. Food, too, she had in plenty, for Martha snared the fowl aud caught the fish, or she made visits to the mainland and thence brought eggs and milk and flesh, which, so she said, tbe boors of that country gave her as much as she wanted of them, Also, to while a'way the hours, -she would read to her out of the Testament, and from that reading Lysbeth learnt many things which until theD she had not known. Indeed, before it was done with — Catholic though she still was — she began to wonder in what lay the wickedness of these heretics, and how it oame about that they were worthy of death and torment, since, sooth to say, in this Book she could find no law' to which their lives and doctrine seened to-give offenoe. . Thus it happened that Martha, the. fierce, half Crazy water-dweller, sowed the seed-in Lysbeth's heart that was to bear fruit ia due season. When three weekB had gone by and Lysbeth was on her feet again, , though as yet scarcely strong enough to travel, Martha told her that she had business which would keep her from home a night, but what that business was Bhe refused to say. Accordingly ou a certain afternoon, having left good store of all thingB to Lysbeth's hand, Martha departed in her skiff, nor did she return till after midday on 'the morrow. Now Lysbeth talked of leaving the island, but Martha would not suffer it, Baying that if she desired to go she must ' swim, and indeed when Lysbeth went to look she found that the skiff had been - hidden elsewhere. So, nothing loth, she stayed on, and in the crisp autumn air her health and beauty came baok to her, till she was once more much as she had been before the day wheu she went sledgiog with Juan , de Montalvo. On a November morning, leaving her infant in the hut with Martha, who had sworn to her on the Bible that she would not harm it, Lysbeth walked to the extremity of the island. Luring the night the first -sharp frost of late autumn had ; fallen, making a thin film of ice npon the surface of the lake, which melted rapidly as the sun grew i high. The air, too,, was very clear and oalm', and i among the xeeds, now .turning golden at their tips, j the finches flew and chirped, forgetf ulthat winter ' was at hand. So Bweet and peaceful was the soehe I that Lysbeth, also forgetful of many things, : surveyedit with a kind-of rapture. She knew not why, but her heart was hajppy that morning ; it was as though a dark cloud had passed from her life ; as though thei blue skies of peace and joy were spread about her. BoubtlesB other clouds might appear upon the horizon, doubtless in their season they would appear, but she felt that this horizon was as yet a long way off, and meanwhile above her bent the tender sky, serene and sweet and happy. Upon the crisp grass behind her suddenly she heard a footfall, a new footfall, not that of the long, stealthy stride of Martha, who was called the Mare, and swung round upon her heel to meet it. Oh, Ood ! Who was this f Oh, God ! there before her stood Dirk van Goorl. Dirk, and no other than Dirk, unless she dreamed, Dirk with. ; his kind face wreathed in a happy smile. Dirk with his arms outstretched towards her. Lysbeth - mid nothing, she could not speak, only ehe stood . still gazing, gazing, gazing, and always became -on, till now his arms were round hor. Then she sprang back. ' Do not touch me,' shB cried, ' remember what I am and why I stay here.' ' I know well what you are, Lysbeth,' he answered slowly ; ' you ate the holie&t; and purest woman who ever walked this earth ; you are an angel upon this earth ; you are the woman who gave her honour to save the man she loved. Oh ! 'be Bilent, be Bilent, I have heard the story ; I know it every word, and here I kneel before yon, and, next to my God, I worship you, Lysbeth, I worship you.' ' Bat the child,' she murmured, ' it livBs, and it is mine and the man's.' Dirk's face hardened a little, bat he only answered : ? ' We must bear our burdens ; you have borne,,, youiF, I must bear mine, ' and he seized tier hands and kissed them, ye», and the hem of ber garment and kissed it also. So these two plighted their troth. Afterwards she heard all the story. .Montalvo. had been pat npon his trial, and, as it chanced, - things went hard with him. Among his judges one. was a great Netherlander lord, who dented to uphold the rights of his countrymen ; one was a high ecclesiastic, who was furious because of tbe fraud that had been played upon theSharch, . which had been trapped into celebrating a bigamous marriagd;; and a 'third wasa Spanish grandee, who, iu it happened, knewthB family of fee first wife who had been deserted. Therefore, for the luckless . Montalvo, when the case had bean proved to thehUt against him by the evidence of the priest who bronght the letter, of the wife's letters, and of the truculent Black Meg, who now fonnd an opportunity of paying hack '.hot 'Water for cold,' there was little mercy. His character was bad, and it was eaid, moreover, that beoanse of his cruelties and the shame she had suffered at his hands, Lysbeth van Hout .had committed suicide. At least, this was certain, that she .-was seen running at eight towards thB Haarlem Mere, and that after this, search -as her friends would, nothing -more could be heard of her. Sog, thatao example might be made, although he writhed and fenced his beet, the coble captain, Count Juan de Montalvo was sent to servo foe fourtem years in the galleys as a common elate. And there, for a while, was -an end of him. There also was an end of .the strange and tragis courtship of Dirk van Goori and Lysbeth van Hout. 'Six mouths afterwards, they were married, by Dirk's wish took the child, who was chrifltened Adrian, . to live .with tham. - A few months later Lysbeth entered the' commabity of the jtfew Religion, and leas -than -' two years after he# marriages-eon was. born to her,^fee hero of thia story, who was named Foy. : i As it happened, she' bore no other children. . ' BOOK IE. ; THE BIPENING. CHAPTEB IX. ADBIAN, FOY, AND KAETHT TSK BED. Many years had gone by since Lysbeth found her love again npon the island m the. Haarlemer Mere. The son' that she bore there waB now a grown man, as was her second son, - Foy, aod her own hair showed grey beneath the lappets of her cap. Fast, fast wove the loom of God during thoss fateful years, and the web thereof was the story of a people's agony and its woof waB dyed red with their blood. Edict had followed ediot, crime had been heaped upon orime. Alva, like some in human and incarnate vengeance,'' had marche4 his army, quiet and^ harmless as iB the tiger when he stalks his prey, across the fields of France. Now ha was at Brussels, and already the headB oj the Counts Egmont and Hoom had fallen ; already the Blood Council was established and at itf work. Tn the Low Countries law had ceased to exist, and there anything might happen, howevel monstrous or inhuman. . Indeed, with one decreq of the Holy Office, confirmed by a proclamation of Philip of Spain, all the inhabitant* of the Nether lands, three millions of them, had been condemned to death. Men's minds were full of terror, for on every side were burnings, and hangings and torturings. Without were fightings, within were feats, and none knew whom they could truet, since the friend of to-day might bo the informer oi* judge of to-morrow- And all this because they chose to worship God in their own fashion un« aided by images and priests. Although so long a time had passed, as it chanced those personages with whom we have already made acquaintance in this history were still alive. Let us begin with two of them, one _ of whom we know and one of whom, although wo have heard of him before, will require some intro duction—Dirk van Goorl and his son Foy. Scene — an upper room above a warehouse over looking the market-place of Leyden, a room with ? small windows, -and approached by two stair cases v time, a summer twilight. The faint light which penetrated into this chamber through the unshuttered windows, for to curtain them would have been, to excite suspicion, showed that about twenty people had gathered there, among whom were one or two women. For the most part they were men of the better class, middle-aged burghers of sober mien, some of whom stood about in knots, while othesp were seated npon stools and benches. At the end of the room addressing them . was a man well on in middle life, with grizzled hair and beard, small and some what mean of stature, yet one through whose poor exterior goodness seemed to flow like light through some rongh casement of horn. This waa Jan Arentz, the famons preacher, if trade a basket-maker, one who had showed himself stead fast to the New Religion through all afflictions, and who was gifted with a spirit which could remain- unmoved amidst the horrors of perhaps the most terrible persecution that Christians hav« suffered sinoe the days jof the Soman Emperors, He was preaching now, and these people were his coqgregatioh. _ ' I camenot to bring peaoe but aaword,' wa^ ~ his text, and certainly ' this night it was appropriate and one easy of illustration. Fort there,- ou the very market-place beneath them* guarded by soldiers and surrounded with tha rabble of the city, two members of his flock, men who a fortnight before had worshipped in that same room, at this moment were undergoing martyrdom by fire ! ' Arentz preached patience and fortitude. He went back into recent history ani told hiB hearers how lie .himself had passed a hundred dangers ; how he had been banted like a wolf, hnw he haft been tried, how heliad escaped from prisons and! from the swords of soldiers, even as St. Paul had done before, him, and how yet he lived to ministeE to them this night. He told them that they must have no feftr, that they mast go on quite happy, quite confident, taking what it pleased God to send them, feeling that it would, all be for the best ; yes, that even the worst would be for the best. What was the, worst P *' Some hours of torment and death. And 'what lay beyond the ' death ? Ah J let them think of that. The whole world was but a brief and varying shadow, what -did it matter how or when they walked out of the shadow into the petfoct light P The abj was veijf black, but-behind it the sun shone. They ms^f' look forward with the eye of faith ; peihaps the sufferings nf the present generation were part of the Boheme of things^ perhaps from the easftljL which they watered with their blood woniS . spring tbe flower of freedom, that glorious freedoni In whose day all men woidd be able to worship their Creator responsible only to the Bible ,la^ and their own consciences,' not to the dogmas ot doctrin&sof; other men, ' Aa- he spoke thus, eloquently, sweetly, spoke like one inspired, the twilight deepened and the ~ flare of these sacrificial fires flickered on thai window pane, and the mixed murmurs of the crowd of witnesses broke upon his listeners* ears. The preacher paused and looked down npon the dreadful scene below, for from where he stood he oould behold it alL ' Mark ia dead,' he -eaiS, 'and our doae brother, Andreas Jans en, Is dying ; the execu tioners heap the faggots round him. Yon fbink - it cruel, Toa think it piteous, but I say to yoU| No. I gay that it is a holy and a glorious eighth *VW ? . for we witness the passing of souls to bliss. Brethren, let us pray for him- who leaves us, and for ourselves who stay behind. Yes, and let as pray for those who slay him, that know not what they do, We watch his sufferings, bat I tell you that Christ his Lord watehes Also ; Cbriflt who also hung upon the Oro&s;, the victim of such men sb these. He stands with him in the fire, His hand cee^asses him, His voice supports him. Brethren, let uspray.' Then at his bidd|ag every member of that little congregation knelt in prayer for the passing spirit of Andreas Jaosen. Again Arentz looked through the window. ' He dies !' he cried ; 'a soldier has thrust him through with a pike in mercy, his head falls forward. Oh ! God, if it be Thy will, grant to «e a sign. Some strange breath passed through that upper chamber, a cold breath which blew upon the brows of the worshippers and stirred their hair, bringing with it a sense of the presence of Andreas J&ssed;, the martyr. And then, there upon the wall opposite to the window, at the very spot ; where their brother and companion, Andreas, saint and martyr, was wont to kneel, appeared the sign, or what they took to be a sign. Yes, there upon the white-washed wall, reflected, inaybap, from the fires below, and showing clearly in the darkened room, shone the vision of a fiery cross. For a second it was eeen. Then it was gone, but to every soul in this room the vision of that cross had brought its message ; to leash a separate message, an individual inspira tion, for in the light of it they read strange lessons of life and death. The cross vanished and there was silence. ' Brethren,' said the voice of Arentz, speaking in the darkness, ' you have seen. Through the fire ani through the shadow, follow the Cross and fear not.' (To be continued.) 