THE GHOST OF AIRLIE. A SPECTRAL DRUMMER, Whirbeard tlie ghostly drummer of Cor- tachy'Caotlu beat the death-roll of tho Into Earl of Airlie. His spectral tattoo Is ever the herald of dentil to the heads of the Ogilvys. In bygone tirnea there was the drummer who drummed for the "Bonny Mouse of Airly." The wretched player offended the earl of tliosa days nnd was lied up In his own drum and fiuug from a high lower. After vainly pleading for hla life the poor little drummer threatened that his ghost should haunt the family for ever and ever. Legend has it that generation after generation the dead drummer has sound ed the last post for Earl und Counteus of Airllo, und the roll of his drum has through the long centuries blanched the fucos of many inmates of Cortauhy Castle. In 1845 a visitor ut Cortacby was dress ing for dinner. A tattoo was beaten be neath her window. The lady listened Jn surprise, for as far us she knew thero were no bandsmen at the castle. Qolng down' to dinner she said to her host:— "Who is It that plnys the drum so skil fully outside the casllc?" The carl turned pale and shivered. The countess could not hide her fear. The face of every Ogilvy at the table was deadly white. Within a week tho coun tess lay In her shroud. The drummer was the spectre of Corlaehy Castle. HEARD IN THE NIGHT. A few years later a young Englishman who v/as to shoot with Lord Ogilvy, the eldest son, at the Tulchan, a shooting lodge at the head of Glcn&hec;, missed his way. Tlie night was wild, und darkness had long set In before he saw the lights of the shooting lodge. Then up tho glen come the long roil of the drum. There could be no mistaking it. Who could be playing out of doors on such u night, ho < asked Lord Ogilvy. "Silence," was his only answer. It was the dead drummer of Cortnchy Castle. The Earl of Alrlle died In London within less than a week. When the father of the Earl of . Alrlle who fell in South Africa lust Monday died, it Is sold that the drummer did not sound his drum. It may be true. Per haps he has not beaten It on this occasion. Hut the countryside will not be denied lis ghost, and It may be that we shall soon hear that the spectral drum was heard at Cortachy tlie day heforo the gallant cavalryman fell in South Africa. —"Daily Mail." 