THE PEKTH MAYORALTY. MUCH public interest will centre in the forthcoming struggle for the Perth Mayoralty. The return to the colony of Mr W G Brookman, after a three months' trip to Europe, has given the friends of that gentleman an opportunity of finding out whether he still adheres to his intention— expressed some months ago—of making a bid for Alex. Forrest's seat. Mr Brookman declares that he is going to the poll, and his chance ought to be a good one His recent election to the Legislative Council, at the head of the poll, and during his absence from the colony; indicates that he has a pretty strong hold on Perth voters. Bro. Alex, is keeping very coy and quiet about the matter. He talked of resigning some months ago, but there is a suspicion that he intends to make another furious spurt for office. When the Municipalities Bill was before Parliament the other day, Dicky Haynes and other members saw, in the abolition of the three-year limit, a deep dark design to allow Mr Forrest to insert himself for the fourth time into the mayoral chair. If Alex, again gets the position, and John becomes State Governor, Perth will feel that it is indeed suffering from la (Forrest) grippe. But Landlord Brookman should have no difficulty in beating the Beef Boss if it comes to a contest. Judging by the shaking up which Phillips, an unknown man, gave him at the previous election, when only 17 votes divided winner and loser, Alex, would not have the ghost of a chance against the Man of Many Mansions. Other candidates are said to be removing their coats for the fray. Mr Alex. Matheson, M.L.C., with his fine head for figures, would make a fine figurehead, and that's an important consideration m a Mayor. But Mr Matheson is slightly inclined to be prosy, and although a number of Perthites may feel disposed to recognise his services in the federal cause, the statistician from Caledonia stern and wild would probably fail to catch on with the crowd in an eleotion where personal, and not political, issues will rule. Tom Molloy, publican, and formerly acting- Mayoi, is also mentioned as a candidate, but Tom's habit of frenziedly butting the atmosphere, or a tin fence, wnen tnere isn't a stone wall available, will spoil his chances somewhat. Other knights will probably enter the lists shortly, so that a very spirited and spirituous contest may be anticipated. The prize is a particularly valuable one on this occasion, for the people who are superior to prophets, viz., those who know, say that the Mayors of all the Aus - tralian capitals—Wellington excepted —will receive knighthoods on the proclamation of the Commonwealth. 