||maa fgable $falk, THE FIRST CHRISTMAS CARD. The first Christmas card was issued in December, 1846, from the office of the ' Home Treasury,' in Old Bond Street, and was sold for one shilling. it was, unlike modern Christmas cards, whose designs refer to any thing rather than Christmas, charac teristically Chrietmassy. Its size was that of a lady's visiting card, and in this small space were con trived three pictures. In the centre is a family party. Three generations are feasting at a table groaning under all manner of things — roast beef, plum pudding, and mince pies to wit — and they are further seen to be washing down this solid meal with alcoholic liquors. At either end of this picture appears another, repre senting seasonable charity, the whole forming a striking contrast with the cards of recent years. New Year cards followed the introduction of Christmas cards at a respectful distance; but it is somewhat diffi cult to see why they should not really be more popular than their fellows, for surely, since good wishes cost nothing, it wero better to offer a compendious wish for a happy 365 days than a comparatively grudging aspiration for a week's jollity. But these vagaries pf fashion are thing! no one can pretend to understand. WHERE SNOW FALLS. ' Not only do enow-3weepecs find more than do the ordinary ones, but they quite often find rather large parcels, for errand lads stop to slide or to have a bout at snow-balling, they put their parcels down, and one of these is soon covered in a drift,' confessed a snow-sweeper recently. He had been for many years in the employ of a Woet End Vestry, and was therefore able to speak o,n the subject with accuracy1 bora of per sonal experience. ' Many of the finds, too, coine from people falling, A lady falls, and articles in her hand or in her muff at the time roll amongst the snow. She is confused when she rises, and gets away as soon as possible, and many and many a purse have I both found myself and seen found. Always remember that in ordinary times, when one drops a coin or any article of that kind, it rings on the pavement, but this is not 60 when snow and Lea are on the ground ; and wheu these partially remain for days, as they do ia the suburbs, we always look out for valuables. I never swept snow for a full day without a find of some value, and I have found , four or five coins of different values on the same day, including some poor workman's money, made up in a little paper package, just as lie had received it at the pay office.' : : THE ORIGIN OF THE ' WAITS.' Few of the many quaint :oltl cus toms considered necessary to be kept at Yuletide by our fore-fathers re main even in the shadow to the present-day. Perhaps the most popular remaining relic is the waits or ' wayghtes,' still dear to the heart of both old and young. Who, in deed, has not heard these time- honored and welcome heralds of the festive season with feelings of cheer fulness and joy ? The wayghtes in early times were musical night- watchman in palaces, castles, camps, and all fortified towns, who piped at certaiu hours throughout the night for the purpose of changing guard or t,o awaken some early-rising knight by soft music at his chamber-door. These watchmen were appointed by the municipal authorities in all towns, and enjoyed certain jealously-guarded privileges, which remained long after castles had been dismantled and intornal fortifications were no longer necessary. They continued to parade the streets on winter nights up to the end of last century. WISHED TO- SUPPRESS CHRIST MAS. " . It may seem almost incredible, but it is a fact that within recent times Chiistmas Day was described as a superstitious festival, and put dovyo in England by the strong than d of the la$r. The holly and the mistletoe, bough wore ordered to bo d QBtxoyed, -root : »ad , hjraachjaa ! ' plants of the Evil One.' Cakes and ale were held to bo impious offerings to superstition. It was Oliver Grom- 1 well who ordered that throughout the principal townsin the country Christmas should not . be observed, 'it being., a hurtful custom.' In order, to. make, people forget Christ- , mas, he:enacted that ≪ .the markets should be held on the 25th December. This. was touching, the peopH, eupeci- ally the country folks, on their most sensiti ve, point. , It was hardly to be expected that they would quietly submit to so extraordinary a rule, nor . aid they. -- . ' THE MISTLETOE BOUGH. Everyone knows — or, at least, has heard — that famous old ballad, ' The Mistletoe Bough,' and probably most people are aware that Haynea Bay ley founded it upon a legend, which tells how a bride amused herself on her wedding-day by playing hide-and- seek aud though the mansion was searched from floor to roof, was never seen again. Her skeleton was found long years afterwards in an oak chest, where she had concealed herself, and been imprisoned by the spring lock. Many \vho' uiay sing the Song this -Christ raasti'Je will be astonished to learn- that the identical old oak chest ; Is in the possession of Lieut. -Colonel1 Greatwood, of Tiverton Castle. It is an ancient coffer of oak, measuring five feet six aud a half inches long, by one foot tea and a half inches in breadth, and two feet three inches high. . It is most beautifully carved, the front" being divided into three panels, depicting wooded landscapes. MILLIONS OF CHRISTMAS TREES. According to that great statis tical authority , Mui hail . :du.rjpjg. the feati ve season 400.0.QQ .Christmas .trees are sold in, Berlin, or. one tree . to every four inhabitants.; while at Dresden, 200,000 trees ' are purchased, which givs an.avorage of two trees to every thrne inhabitants; If .we struck an average, anil appl ied it to London's population, we shopld find one and. a third million Christinas trees, decor ated and illumined on December 25th in the metropolis alone, or sufficient, if planted in a row and three feet apart, to extend ifroin London to either Christaania, Vienna, Florence, or Madrid. . Germany, however, is the home of the Christmas tree, the custom haying been introduced by the conquering legions of Rome under Drusus ; consequently to guage the popularity of the Christmas treo in England by the aid of a German standard would manifestly result in a considerable exaggeration. 113 MILES OF CHRISTMAS POD DING. Christmas pudding is a fascinating subject to .those who have not yet encountered the .terrors of Demon Indigestion, and even most of those who have brave them at Yuletide by tasting i just a bit,' for, as . thoy re mark, ' It wouldn't seem like Christ mas without a Christmas pudding.' That, as a whole, our digestive organs, are in: pretty sound condition will be gathered.. from the fact that we consume no less than 3,571 tons. of Christmas . puldings. Just imagine, .the nightmares, that lurk therein. . , Fancy, too, you have . one, and you seo the .national, Christinas pudding, as a glorious whole. It is a disc, as big as the great wheel at Earl's Court., And if you saw this pudding long-drawn out you would nqt.be able to see the. ends of it if you were standing at its centre, for while being -some three feet in cir cumference it would extend either way 300,000 feet, and would reach nearly from London to Bristol, or 113 miles. If you chopped this length into columns .of the height of the Eiffel Tower you would get 600 of them, , while with the sacks < f flour used in the making you might pave a street, one mile; in length and twenty- fivefeet broad. . Why is a carriage like a priest? Because it a saver of soles (souls). Why should a soldier love the sea ? Because he's a man-o'-war. Why is the eagle a religious bird ? Because it's a bird of prey (pray). Why is a cook an inconstant friend? Because she sometimes gives us the cold shoulder, aud is often the cause of broils between us. What sixths difference hot wean a bad inau and a timid man ? Not much,- One is fowl-hearted and the: other chicken- hearted. - " . In what , way does a pistol repre sent the press? It occasionally re ports in a; case, of murder. What fish is span of tenest during frosty weather ? The. skate. What part of r.peech. is a kiss? A copulative conjunotioq. What is the difference between a snipe and an unprincipled mqn P One always has a long bill in front of him, the other leaves a long bill behind him. ' Wny may the sea be «ai(l to dislike 6ne clothes ? Because it ia always rough with a heavy swell. When is a man like a farm loaf ? When he i» country- bred (bread). - What 19 the difference between. Hamlet's father and an average? One is. an unhappy ghost/ the other the happy medium. \- Why does tea differ from an Eng lish officer? Because it is usually; in the service of China. . . . ; What two indoor games, does tea: most resemble ? Draughts . among happy families. / Why dops a doctor never catcji in fluenza? Because he is (jy)rapped up; all the year round. "vrc-?' ' 1 I In which ysar should ,wei get the-l' bssfefip/iog? 