COMMENT. [By'X.Y.Z.'1 'A poet,' remarks Horace, , ' is 1 born.' Unfortunately Mr. Alfred Anetin was not born a poet,|but made one It must be quite dreadful to be a Laureate, especially when you haven t tbo ghost of an idea how to make a poem! However, when doty calls, no I Lif.^nflntinff minor poet slips out by the back door, and consequently tbo re- 1 tpeetable Mr. AuBtin makes bimae tf * JUrtyrinthe 'Times.' His beautiful specimen of occasional verso is modelled apparently on those touching lines :— -Said the young Otadtah to the old Obadiah Obadiah &c.; Here is Austin— as muon as we . can stand. Tta 1 Young I Land said. « I have borne it long, I But can suffer it now no more ; I I must end this endless inhuman wrong Within hail of my own free snore, I Bo fling out the War-flag's folds and let the righteons Cannons roar. 1 Then the Old Land said, 'Youth is strong I nnrl snick. And Wisdom is strong but mild ; And blood than water is yet more thick, And this young land is my child, (- I am proud, not jealous, to watch it prow. Thus the Old Land spake, and smiled. This is produced on the principle suggested by'tha Advocate recently, lo make a patriotic poem, sling together any rhymes you like and let the last break down into prose ! Afterwards : Pozzle — find the I [poetry. __ I For ways that are dark his Excellency tKo Snlt,.n has already aohieved a great oesP that would ruin the reputa tion of anyone under rank of potentate or pontiff. Lately it seems aomejof the ladies of theharem grew skittish and began to kick over the traces. We are succinctly informed 'the Sultan has drowned them in the Bos- 1 phorus.' Summary proceedings oE this sort are always most satisfactory, if supplies do not come up to aaw, buuu. the supplier is a sure remedy strong.y I recommended also by the Shah of Persia, another eminent gent !.?- man who Bsttles difficulties oil hand. Unfortunately our climate seems to be warm enough already with Lnt: «nnh anltrv proceedings as these. Still, a little ' killing no murder might ] be allowed say in winter time, and o coarse only by ' quite the nicest crowd ! —»:«?»» The Early Closing Act' most be a great trial to metropolitan improvident*. Jones, who buys a collar jnst before he rashes off to Mrs. Smith's select assembly, will be sure to find himself in an awEu hole; and what will be the measure. of Brown's indignation wnen jaw. ''''' has neglected to lay in the 2oz. of butter or Ub? of tea which nightly saves the aoul of the working man 1 I see a New Zealander.Cwhere they have long had tnu 'latest improvement') is disappointed I it does aot make people go to church.; t =KonlH think it more likely to lead the infuriated householder to the counts* lauch. Brilliant ideas for evadinp the difficulty will.no donbt, be at a premium. I would suggest to the enterprising gro cer to take out a Syrian hawker's license and trundle a barrow where men most do congregate. After all, laws are only made for the bush lawyer to drive a coach and six through. ? 