TO THE BOYS OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA. tBy W. C. TOKE.l '"Travelling in England is very interesting. The eye never wearies of the ever-varying landscapes. The patch-v.-<«i-k fields, winding hedges, clumps of trees, pretty valleys, crystal streams, furze brakes, nestling villages, crooked lanes, aud wood-covered hills, follow one another in rapid succession—it is all beautiful. The valley of the Wye, with Tint era Abbey, is not far off on the right. Severn Tunnel Bail way joins us at Bristol, and we are eagerly looking out to see tliat pretty spider's web hanging iu mid-air from cliff lo cliff over the river Avon, called the Clifton Suspension Bridge. Plymouth is passed on the outskirts now and we are rushing over the magnificent Salt-Ash bridge which connects Cornwall with the rest of England. It makes one dizzy looking out ot the carriage windows on the masts of large ships passing under tile bridge. Liskeard, IJOStwithiel Bodmin, St. Austell, Truro, Redruth, Camborne and Hayle are passed •' i rapid succession, and then Mounts Bay, second only to the Bay of Naples attracts our gaze.—Mounts Bay has no Vesuvius, but Naples lias no St. Michael's Mount." The last two or three miles of the Coniish Bailway is practically on the seawall. How nice it is to be welcomed on the Penzance platform by hiving Australian friends and to be taken to the quiet of a home, after months of travel, ftfij'-seven days of- whicii were on the K-M.S. Opliir. and the remainder spent in thirty or forty different hotels. Memories of delightful vacations exhilarate us, and we found ourselves rushing oil to various nooks and lanes, fields and cliffs, where health and vigour were both gained in the student days. How is it that one finds oneself romping over ten or fifteen miles c£ country with much greater ease and comfort tlian one could do three miles ill An tralia A DRIVE TO LAND S END. is one <of the indispensables in visit to the "'West Countree." Druidical monuments, crosses, British huts, aud inscribed stones, furnish a large field of research to the antiquarian. Many a time have we been persuaded to leave our musty Greek and Latin to go for a ten-mile walk; across West Penwith to see some remnant of the pre-Roman period of English liistory. The "Old Men's Workings," as some of the tin mines are called, are supposed to be the result of the toil of the ancient Phoenicians in the search for minerals. One of the most interesting of the ancient British dwellings is the group of hut-circles at Chysauster. There are several of these circles enclosed bv high stone walls, perhaps two hundred yards round. The huts are built of stone, and the walls wore probably roofed over with a stone shaped like a beehive. Thev were from six to eight feet high. The centre of the stockade was evidentlv the cattle pen, and worn stones show where the meal was ground. These ruins cover several acres, and are now almost buried among furze and blackberry bushes. Land's End is ten miles from Penzance, and every mile of the way is full of interest aud beauty. THE FAR- FA11ED jLCIGAN BOCKis a mass <*r granite 651 tons in weight, which the writer rocked with comparative ease. Lieutenant Goldsmith, a nephew oi the poet, and evidently just as erratic, with the united exertions of ten of his crew, threw the rock from its pivot. The guides who lived in the neighbourhood were highly incensed, and the Admiralty ordered tue Lieutenant to atone for his thoughtless frolic bv replacing it, this was achieved at considerable expense. Around this cape a triple line of defence of earthwork wiucl) gives it the name of Treryn Castle. But the whole district is full of, such forriJicamons. What sturdv old warriors these Cormshmeo were! Porthcurnow Cove is pointed out as the spot where some of the Spanish and Atlantic telegraph cables are landed. The importance of these lines may be recognised from the fact tiuit about a hundred clerks are kept here for the purpose of translating and remitting cablegrams. A story is to.d of a heaw snowstorm raging between For«bcumow and Penzance in winch the telegniph lines were broken, and as some very important messages liad to be sent referring to some clerks whose lives were in danger the message was sent to Sjiam, then across -the Atlantic to Amenca back again bv „. another cable — whic-h P„„,„„ is landed Thus at Sen to sand miles of cable were used. The coast* around 1 quid's End and Tol-pedn- penwith among the boldest cliff scenery in the British isles. The St'illy Islands could oc seen in the distance, t.he Cassiterides l.'l in islands I of tlie Phoenician sailors and the Longships and Wolff lighthouses are close at hand. Yonder are the Brisons. two dangerous recks, 60 feet above high water, where a melancholy wreck occurred not many years ago. The crew of nine men and the captain's wife got on the rock, a wave washed theni all off. seven were drowned. One a mulatto, got mi a portion of the w reck and wa-s rescued fi om the boiling surf. The ciipta.;n .uid his wife were «uneJ on to tlie Little Brisnn. and here they remained a. day and a night, watched by hundreds of people along the beach, all eager but unable to render assistance. A rocket at last reached theni, tlie wife was tied uo a rope and drawn into a boat, but life w.<s found to be extinct, the captain though great!v exliausted was saved, but this coast is full of stories. We are shown the spo: cn the Land's End itself where Charles Wesley composed the hymn or more probably got tlie inspiration for it. I.,, on a rarro-v iwk of land 'Twixt two unbounded seas I stand and not many yards away is the spot where General Sir Robert Arbuthnot narrowly escaped falling over the precipice. The horse which he had been riding did so and was dashed to pieces There is the Botallack 3line, where the workings are carried out under the sea. and only a short time since the waters broke in and several men were drowned. I have a list of 222 spots of interest within a few miles of Penzance, nearly all of whic-h I have seen at one time or another, but 1 will spare you the trouble of reading even the lipjnes. Thousands of visitors are finding their way annually to these retreats, and here "out of the liurly burly" they can learn Nature's secrets even in their- wildest moods. WE. OF COURSE, VISITED TRURO if only to see the one and only land that unfinished) Cornish cathedral. It's estimated cost is £100,000. It is very new and verv imposing. The grand central tower :s to be 224 feet high, and the length of tne building is 300 feet. The old parish church forms a part of the structure. At PLYMOUTH, a few hours were spent visiting old friends and seeing tue "Hoe" where Sir Francis Drake was playing a game of bowls when the Spanish Armada hove in sight. Every British lwy has heard liis famous reply to the messenger who brought the news. "There is time to finish our game and to lick zhe Spaniards too." The old Eddystone lighthouse of Smeaton, has been taken down and built on the Hoe. The rock on which it had been erected was being undermined, and a new lighthouse was erected a little further, away on a more solid foundation. The Plymouth Pier rivals Brighton in .nterest, as it contains a music ball, promenade, interesting outlooks, and glass protections against wind and rain. These piers are everywhere now, and form most delightful retreats for visitors. "My foot is on my native heatli' once more, for pleasantly situated on the banks of the Tavy is the quaint little town of Tavistock, the birthplace ot Drake and some one else, whom modesty forbids my mentioning, even mv cabman did not know the name of the "other, fellow. The famous Abbey of Tavistock was founded by Ordgar, Earl of Devon in 961, and a few specimens of its architecture are still to be seen. Every spot here is sacred to me. There are the West Bridge cottages built by the Duke of Bedford where 1 was born; here is tho meadow where my father and mother rau races. Along the banks of the river Lady Howard's tree had grown, of -which strange ghost stones could be told. Up the hill on the right is "Piskie lane" where the "'Pixies" or fairies had their gambols in the old days. In Bannawell-street is the pretty little Bible Christian chapel my father hel]>ed lo build, and there is my father's old companion, Walter Avers, still alive, bent with age, but with a "heart as young as ever. How dear every name is to me, and how lovingly the old names are remembered. Walking over the hill one day I met an old man crawling along by the help of two sticks. 1 spoke_ to liim—admired the scenery. "Who be "e" said the old man." When I told liim, he said "Yew be -Tohn Toil's son, be VP then lifting his stick with emphasis '"my boy, your father was a good man." The memories of thirty or forty j-ears had been revived and tlie legacy of an honoured name left by the sainted dead was a rich inheritance for the listener. Tlie neighbourhood is full of interesting walks and drives. One of the most fascinating of these is the Lydford gorge and waterfall, where the river flows through a deep glen as beautiful as the Hawthornden near Edinburgh. In tlie old churchyard at Lydford is tlie following curious epitaph:— Here lies in a horizontal position The outside case of George Ronleigli, Watchmaker, Whose abilities in that line were an honour to his profession: Integrity was the Main Spring And Prudence the Regulator Of all the actions of his life. Humane, generous, and liberal, ' His hand never stopped Till he liad relieved digress: So nicely were all his Actions regulated That he never went wrong Except when set a-going By people Who did not know his Key. Even then he was easily set right again. He had the heart of disposing his tunc so well That his hours glided away In one continual round i o • d a of pleasure and delight, Till an unlucky minute put a period to His existence. He departed this life, November 14th, 1802. Aged 57; Wound up In hopes of being taken in hand By his Maker, And of being thoroughly cleaned and repaired, And set agoing In the world to come. Tlie towns of Bideford and Ilfracom.be were next visited as well as the Bible Christian colleges at Edgehill and Shebbear, where some very interesting evenings were spent. The Speech Day at a girl's colleg-; was very interesting, and a scnool with sr- ventv boarders so well looked after as those at Edgehiil 1 have never seen. 3he artistically decorated boudoirs of the ""voune ladies" were a treat to- look at. BIDEFORD. is full of Charles Kingsley. We visited the room at the hotel which contained the library from which the novelist deriveda great -deal of the information embodied in "Westward Ho.'' and other works. There in the courtyard is the spot from which the gallant little "Revenge" was launched, which in August. 1591, engage/1 a Spajnisii fleet of 53 sail for fifteen hours though Richard Orenville. the commander, had but 100 stout and able men on board, and did n^t surrender till bis vessel was a foundering hulk. His last words are worth rememberins—"Here die 1, Richard Grenville, with nuict nnnd, for that I hare ended my life as a true soldier ought to do. lighting for his Queen., religion, and honour: my soul willingly departing from This body, leaving _ behind the lasting fame of having behave J ' as every valiant soldier is in his duty bound i K iiigsler says "Every one who knows j Bideford, caraiin- but know Bideford P.ridci. i for it is the verv' oniphaios. cynosure, and soul round which the town, as a body, : lias organized itself, but all do not know the occult powers which have advanced and j animated the same wondrous bridge for j new 500 years, and made it the chief woiv der. according to Prince mid Fuller, ci J this fair land of Devon, being first an in-1 spired bridge, a soul-saving bridge, an aim.— giving bridge, an educational bridge, a sentient bridge," and last, but not leasf, a ! dinner-giving bridge." If any one wishes to 1 find out. why it may be all the^e 'look up your edition of "Westward Ho" and you will find the reas-nns given. CLOYELLY is without doubt the most unique hamlfi in England. It combines the beauty of a Nonvegian fiord, the narrowness and peculiarity of a Maltese or Neapolitan street, the wild naturalness of a steep slope of the Mount Lofty range, and the spilt white- wash that Mark Twain ascribes to Nazareth. It has only one street, down which all luggage is taken on tiny sledges, and is bumped from step to step. The houses are set at varying angles, and seeing them as we did with the exquisite autumn tints of the Virginia creeper (Ampelopsis Veitchii) festooning caves and chimneys, it was a little Paradise. A vessel was left at the mercy of the storm, forsaken by her crew, whom the lifeboat keeper informed me he liad found early that morning huddled up in a boat under the lee side of the enormous wall that protects the fishing fleet hi side. Every one who visits C-lovelly must go through "The Hobby Drive," which winds in and out along the cliffs hundreds of feet above the sea. and is a long continuous avenue of umbrageous trees, lovely views, pretty ravines, and rustic bridges. Oallantrv Bower is the remarkable name giveu to a steep and lofty cliff. 380 feet high, which overlooks a glorious landscape. Clovclly Dikes are the remains of an old encampment of Imperial Rome. It is one of the mo t extensive in England, the diameter of the cuter trench being 1,300 feet. Shibbear, the birthplace of the Bible Christian denomination, next attracts our attention. The college contains over a hundred boarders, who are well car<d for by the governor, the Rev. Robert Spencer, and the head master, Thomas Ruddle, B.A., than whom a more enthusiastic, earnest, and painstaking head of a college «t would be hard to find. His sermon to tho boys ia the morning in the .laaues Thome Memorial chapel was a loving, touching, masterly appeal, and will linger iong in the memory of the Australian friends who heard it. In the neighbouring churchyard we find the Campo Santo of the early Bible Christian pioneers. The little old chapel wlieri some of the earlier meetings were he'd, sheltered bv the huge trees from the North Devon winds, the college chimneys peeping a neatly trimmed hedge, and the apple- of the Lake Farm orchard nearly rheir fruit among the graves,make picture we shall always love to recall. Here are the graves of our ancestry, where men and women of the sturdy Devonshire yeomanry type waged war -against ein and wrong. Their names have gone out through, the world. China, Canada, ana Australia have heard of their fame. They deep well in hope of a glorious resurrection. One simple plain slab touched us deeply. In Meinorv <if JAMES THORXE. Preacher ^f the <;ospcl. •Born. September 21, lTHo, Died, January 2S, 1ST2- Ec prraebod liis first sermon in liis father's house at Lake, near this spot on Christmas Day. 1E15, and continued a laborious minister for 5li years. His zeal and fidelity—modesty and charity endeared liim. to thousands in the churches, which are his best and most enduring monument. "A good name is a; precious ointment poured forth." 