"I feel for you deeply," said the hungry noan, probbing about in the soup-bowl for a dtray oyster." "I am sorry I bought one of those door tmats with "Welcome' on it. "Why so?" "Some stupid fellow mistook the meaning Cf the word antd helped himself to it the lirst night." Watts: "You won't minld sly leaving my bike here in your oice, will you? I know you don't ride one, but--" Potts: "No, i don't ride one very well, but I begtn takintlg lessons yesterday." Watts: "Er come to think of it, I don't think I'll im pose on your good nature, old man." On an ocean liner.-Captain Staysail: "Yes, matdanm, the needle of the compass alvways points to the north." .Miss Sweet thing: "How interesting. But suppose ocu wanted to go south?" Eld of the Session.-'ltroublesome Voter: "I must say, sir, that I consider ytou have broken your promise to your constituents." Tcung M.P. : "Really, Mr. Banks, I'm aw fully sorry, don't you know; butt"--(aml hably): "I think I can make another lust as good!" Mother (at a friend's dinner table, to Bobble): "Bobble, I'm ashamed of you. You are eating like a pig." Bobbie: (between mouthfuls): "Well, mamma, I dot't get away from homie very often." Prisoner: "If your Honor will allow me a litlto time I think I can pIrove my in nocence." Magistrate: "All right; take thirty days." "I suppose," he said, as they undulated round the hall, "that my mothler would be awfully worried if she knetw 1 was here. She thinks it is a terrible thing to dance." "Oh, niever mind," the girl said, "she wouldn't know you were dancing, even it iuhe saw you." "That dog certainly seems almnost human at times," said old Mr. FeI:rsy. "Yes,'; said Mrs. Fussy, "he growls over his food quite as much as you do." There was a young woman in Worcester, So scared by the cry of a roocester, That her mother sasi, "Hannth, I'm surnrlsed at your mannah, Why don't you behave as your usecester." Ikey: "Please, farder, give me a half penny for Ice cream. I am so hot!" Father: "lkey, mein shon, dot is a vaist of money I will tell you a fine ghost story dat will make your blood run cold." A schoolteacher lately put the question: "W'hat is the highest form of animal life?" "The giraffe," responded a bright, member of the class. "Prisoner, I'm sorry to see you here again," said the magistrate; "what brings you here?" Prisoner: "Two policemen, yer.honour." Magistrate: "Drunk as usual, I suppose?" Prisoner: "Yes, yer.honour, both of 'um." Visitor: "And how is the restoration fund going on, Mrs. Lychgate?" The Rec tor's Wife: "I'm sorry to say it's going on most unsatisfactorly. We've tried every conceivable means of getting the money honestly, and failed, and now the rector says we must try what a bazaar will do." Examiner: "Now, childrent, who can tell mc what an epidemic is? What! None of you? Let me prompt your memory. It is something that spreads. And now-ah, I see one of you knows. Whats is it, my little friend?" "Jam, sir." Miles: "What do you think of this faith cure business?" Giles: "Oh, it's all' right. I fried it once, and was completely curedl!" Miles: 'Indeed! Of what were you cured?" Giles: "Of my faith in it." Tommy: "Can you swim, Mr. Softsoap?" Mr. Softsoap: "No, Tommy, I'm sorry to say, I can't swim." Tommy: "Then you had better learn. I heard Clara say that she was going to throw your overboard." "What poor shoppers the men are!" ex claimed Mrs. Trotters, on her way home from a shopping expedition. "Miy husband hlardly ever pays less than sixpence for a cigar, and here I have bought a whole box for Sa." mIother: "Johnny, why did you not tell me that you were naughty at school?" Johnny: "'Tlsn't best to tell women every thing." Mrs. Jocelyn: "Don't you miss your hus band very much now that he is away?" Mrs. Golightly: "Oh, not at all. You see he left me plenty of money, and at break fast I just stand a newspaper up in front of his place, and half the time forget that he really isn't there." Mrs. Cumso: "Your husband dresses very quietly." MIrs. Cawker: "Does he?" "You ought to hear him when he can't find his collar, or his sleeve-links become mislaid." MIr. Brown: "Good morning, Mr. Jones ; how's your wife?" MIr. Jones (who was deaf and didn't quite understand: "Very blustering and disagreeable again this m.orning." "Do you realise, young mon," said the parson, "when ydu retire to rest at right that you may be called before dawn ?" "Why, of course I do," was the response. "I'm tihe father of a three-weeks-old hbaby." Vicar (sympathetically): "Ah, Mr. Green, we none of us know what a blessing our wives are till they lie silent in the grave." Farmer: "Ees, zur, you'm .roight. Silence be a great blessing!" "Good blood will show itself," as the old lady said when she was struck with the redness of her nose. Nubbins (shouting across the garden fence to his tiext door neighbour): "Hey, thlere, what are you bitrying in that hole?" Neighbour: "Oh, I'm just replanting some of my garden seeds." Nubbins: "Garden seeds, eh? Looklts to me like one of my bens." Neighbour: "That's all right. The seeds are inside." First trustful wife: "They say brain work is more fatiguing than any other kind of worlk." Second ditto: "I quite believe it. Whenever my husband has to work late at the ofce he is sure to have a headache next morning." "Does your husband worry about the gro cery bills?" asked the thin-faced lady. "Why, no!" said the lady with the silk skirt and patent shoes. "We let the grocer do all that;" "It's thrue, Avie!"' says a lovir, "it Is a great comfort to be alone, especially when yer sweetheart is tlId ye!" "Papa, why do they call language the mother tongue?" !'Because the father so seldom gets a chance to use it." The Doctor: "As to that place at the lack of your neck, I don't think there's any danger, but you would do' well to keep an eye upon it." 