LATEST FICTION. Mr. S. R. Crockett's novel, "Tho Black Doug las" (Macmlllan), of which we already receive a second edition, appeared shortly before that very interior production "Kit Kennedy." "The Black Douglas," a spirited Franco-Scottish story of tho 15th century, recalls moro pleasantly than anything tho same writer has given us for a long time, tho earlier Mr. Crockett — the Mr. Crockett whom prosperity had not spoiled, nor syndicates driven to not-boilers. A little melodramatic, ner- liaps, especially in tho portion dealing with the De Retz barbarities; but, on the whole, soundly based on history, and carrying tho reader along with a fine unconscious swing. Certainly, tho writer has a tempting subject — the trapping and beheading in Edinburgh castle ot tlio unfortu nate young Earl Douglas — also Dulto or Touraino — in 1140; and the doings of the horrible Breton, Gllles do Retz, whoso burnt ashes, none loo soon, polluted tho market-place at Nantes, amid the execrations of the populace. In tho French scenes we get an almost Inevitable reminder of Stanley Weyman — Mr. Crockett suffering not at all In tho comparison. Among oilier fiction forwarded this week from London publishers we notice "The Kingdom of a Heart," a brightly writton love-story by Efile Adelaide Rowlands (George Roulledge and Sons), and "Ghosts" (Pearson's Colonial Library), wherein "K. and Hesketh Pritchard," otherwise E. and H. Heron, relato, In a series of short sketches, tho curious experiences of one Flaxman Low among the shades. Tho shades haunting Mr. Low nnd his friend's habitations aro notice ably unamlabie — many, such as tho leprous ghost, repulsive. The book Is hardly worthy of tho writers, who have done somo excellent work. E. and H. Ileron, by the way, aro mother and son, a rather unusual relationship among literary collaborators. Tlie new short talcs from Sionklcwlcz, trans lated by S. C. de Soissons, published by George Allen, and mentioned last week, are of a high order of excellence, especially the longest sketch, "in Bohemia," a graphic picture of Russiau artist life. S. R. CROCKETT (From a crayon by Frank Richards). 