AUSTRALIAN BOARD OF MISSIONS. .JUBILEE CELEBRATION. Special -el vin's wore lielil yesterday ill | tile Anglican tlvtliedriii to Ofiiiinieiimv ute 1 lu' jubilee of 11» fnrnniliim of Hie Au*. Duli.in Bud.nl of Mis-ions. There was Holy Communion m (.be. morning ¡il. half-past seven ¡uni 'Matins two liours lu lei-. Even- song was hold ¡vi six oVWk, ¡uni at eight ! o'clock lhere was a special ¡ind fully el semi*. The Hov. F. .1. .Vue cniidiielcd all ¡ thc -erliles, and at thc s|icoial service de- livered an address on Che subject of mis sion*, faking as Iii- lexi "And Simon an- swering, said unto Him. Ma-lor. we have | loihil all thc night and ha.ve taken nu (liing : IICVM'Ilíelos ;¡|, Thy word 1 ivKl let | down thc net."-Si. Luke, V., ¡iv. Mr. Abc said : Dur Ivord w.i.s now lani ing in t.h;it (tart of G.ilileV- which He - often fin-iicnlcd, and H here He found -ol many who heeanno His iliseiplcs, on ihe| shores of the lill lo Sm of Galilee or Luke of Tiberias. As He stands on thc borders of thc hike, crowds pross around Him Iis-j telling with all c:igcnii.»*s lo the words | which fell from His-lips. 'They were mostly |ioor ponido, for (.ho poor it was who hoaid Him gladly. Being somewhat pressed by | tile inuit it nde. ami seeing two sJinall ships belonging to His followois close by the water's edge, He enters one, of thom, which | is Simon Peter's, arid addresses the people from I he schiji. What a lietiutiful sight it must have lHien (<) luivo si en this Heavenly Preacher, with the calm ¡md nnnilllcd sea for His platfomi, with a crowd of fislicnnen and others for Hi» eongnigation, ranged along the heach, eagerly drinking in the words of life ? H, wus a sight at which Heaven it-self was moved and angels re- joiced. l*reson'lJy, when. .Jesus had ended His address, He tums to Killumi and bids him lo put out to sea mid Int down his nels for ii draught. Peter nellies, " Master, we have toiled ull t he night und have taken nothing.'' They had passed ninny a long wearisome, hour, ¡ind aili in vain. They had carefully spread their nets : but their fishing hud been completely uiisniceessfiil. Still, ut tho Master's bidding they were willing lo make another attempt. "Xever tlicle»s al Tliy woid wc will lot down thc net.'' Though it might seem hopeless, they felt that nothing could Hie. in vain which Hu commando). How often uro wc in a similar position 1 Oh, if wo only possessed thc sallie faith and exercised "the same un- questioning obedience, to our Bord, it would be well indeed and wc should obtain a sure blessing. Tiley obeyed, und immediately a shoal <>f fishes crowded in (¡heir nets. And .so great was the draught that they were forced to rall in the assistance of their brother fishermen to help them. Simon Poper himself was KO planck by this stu pendoiis miracle, sind was so completely awed by it. that, falling down alt .lesus's kneps, ho exclaimed-"Repast from mc, for I san a sinful num. 0 1-ord."' Ho fell at the inoinent- tho Almighty power of the Master before whom he stood and kne v that .lesus was indeed the promised Jles sittih, the. son of God. lit was not from wu nt of love to Jesus mat ho entreated Him lo depart, but from a consciousness of 'his sinfulness, of his own unworthiness lo he in such henveiily company, that he | could blindly bear Hie -brightness of the Saviour's presence. And imw does our) Ijorrt deal with His humWc disciple r He whispers in his cir words of encourage- ment-" Fear not, from henoilforth thou shal t catch men. Fear not, for this miracle has been wrought, not Ho condemn you, hut to encourage and strengthen you in the faith. 1 have n groat errand on which I send you : your oeeupaition henceforth will bc to gather in «mis for me, to catch men alive, and to keep Uiiim alive, to be a fisher of men unto life, eternal ; ¡md this large -draught, of Ashes is an emblem of your suèco-is.'' Til« .vnsoruraioc was that no sooner hud they reached tho, shore than they ono and ali loft 1licir-slii|is and their nets «nd tho work ulindi had daily o. pied thom for ycius. Theiy left all «nd became His followers. Uko the Apostles of our l.aml, from lieing fishermen were thus called lo a new work lo win souls for Him. in like manner Christ is still pleased to employ the 'appointed ministers ol' His Church to caleb men. He Himself | came upon osirtlh to «ive. souls. Ile laid down His lifo for sinners : but His I work was not completed when He. ascended I on high again." He instituted His ('burch on earth, lilted out His servant* with thc Holy (¡host, and sent thom into all Hie world to proi-laini far and ni.tr Hie message of salvation. And losus caine ¡ind spake unto them, stiying-" All power is given | unto thee in heaven and in iui1.li. Go then lore mid make disciples of all nations. | b.'ptising them in tho name nf tho Fatho and of thc Son, ¡ind of the Holy Ghost. | U'lii-hing thom to oliserve nil things whut s-oi vcr 1 have cnni'iiiauded you, ¡md lo. l l ¡un c. it h you .-ilirays evin milo I bc om! off the world. Amen." Tin» Church is c pined to a nit , and the. groat truths of thc Go-pol aro tho means by which sinners ure thus caught Oh, how high and solcmiu is .lie ellice «rf thus catching nun. What de vi'todiu'-s und perseverance, limier all dis- ci nrag- eine-iils does il. demand V If a luau bo oain<"-1.ly engaged in it, ho may often IK', tempted to say. in the wolds of Simon j Peter- Wc have (oiled all night and lune taken nothing." bul. -till, ¡it. tho Lord-, eoiuuiaud. ho niil-t bc ready again and | again, and yet again. 1o lunuudi forth imo the deep of the «.nhl ¡uni Iel down Ibo net. Moreover, thc duly of ("brist"* milli.--1 tors docs not end then-. There aro many, immy sheep in all purls of 1 lu* world j without a. shepherd. Thoio aro lands; un- trodden by the foot, of christ's mcs-ciigcrs, and oro liol, those to lie (bungin nf ? ls it. not plainly Christ's c..annand thal those sheep -hnuhl hoar His voice and be brought imo (lie f, ld .' If. is entirely mir lil-sl dilly (n see illili Ul- olll'sollo- ¡ll" caught or apprehended of G.KI. binnglu I hom,. ;a Him, that oin- .--on!* ajo sn l ed, and thai ive. controlled liv His grace, adorn | tlic docliii.f God mir S.nn-ur by a h.iii Pfc. lilli no lune "'I. I fuililicr tint V I'.l dis, liai. Tho ci- lai-g, incut of Chris;-. kin:..i..M. ..ii .ai;'.| m.! i -pic! "?' lu- ll, -pel i- .! mutter ii hieb ...Iglll deeply le Ike disciple help,,! .I... - i' .l , en.-ei-H me." I lullv Indicie linn no '.'. pn-c-s tho light "I Ibo Go-pel I an- a- lunch ansivcral'V l', v l lie sotib our follmv men as no. should bo for i linilii s ii no heard (.!' itinulievs diing some fi ler in a distant land and ne kucwj of ¡1. romilly thal, ivonld t.iiis liol boon proved by tho great padliy which wus oviiuvií all ovcrthj and thc actual ¡md speedy relict ;ng vlie laie and present famine iu India * And should we, who profess to luí followers of Christ s, not gladly obey His plain com liand, and, constrained by love, try al' in mr power to spread Christian civilisation ind carrv light and blessing into Uw many dark pia'ces of thc earth. As a verne ~óf~--\^ Bishop Heller's well-known niisaionaqr hymn so beautifully expresses it "Can wc, whose soul» arc lighted With wisdom from un high, Can we, to men benighted, The. lamp of life deny ! Salvation, oh. Salvation, Thc joyful sound proclaim, Till each remotest nation Has loarn'd Messiah's name.'' But wc must bear in mind that j» ti»» groat work wc will meet with many dis- couragements. How often was our Lon?/ repulsed ? How were His kind words >-ot coldly received. His heavcnfly peace c&'itelj, rejected Ï How often did Ms exertiónsBeeM» fruitless and His toil to no purpose ? Hi» efforts and love met with scorn. And il the disciple greater than tho. Master Î Tho first Christian missionaries-St. J-tuil, Sb Peter, and St. .lohn for instance-worked zealously for Christ, but sometimes appar- ently in vain. Many a city did they visit without gaining a singlo convent. Many. . a sermon'did they preach, and perforated miracles,.too. nnd yet hearts remained haiaV as stone, liven so it is now. Altbongft many missionaries have met with more lar j less success, there arc others who ho.vo sown their seed with all faithfulness, but I with little or no fruit ut all. Yea, so«» -.missions may have seemed to he ontbo ftiilure.s. But. perhaps, really there luv bern no failure. Surely seed has been'flown*- ' i w hich may appear only after many dajay and those who - have so nobly tacriftóe* t heir lives, like Bishops Mackenzie and Prt I lomon in Central Africa, and Mr. Maclaren* I on our own sholls-, may have lighted a spark which shall one day hum inlx> *. glorious llamo. And lol tm remember.tfeS-r -that if all our missions had bec» unsuc- cessful, and if no souls had boen won, <n> duty would lie still tho same ; we ought still lo labour on in spite of discouracc-, J incuts. Supposing that all lin* missionaries » which our (.'burch is now «?mp!oyinj? worty to write borne und sait " Our workisjii^l standstill, no convertsiiiie. ll«j«io,-fio souls are gathered."- would it lie. our duty to resign our task, to slackon our effort« I Surely not. (¡od forbid. Our dutv would be to labour on at our Jouster's bidding, to put fort li st iii greater <-jforts. When Jesus commanded His. disciples to launch ont into t he deep foradniught, they thought for a moment of the many wearisome hours which they bad spent to no purpose. "Mn* ter. tve btive toiled all the night and have taken trothing:'' but l3iey add-"Biri- nt Thy word wc will' let down tho net," An* s.i should we go forth in faith, 'believing, boping, Ini-ling, looking upward for a blessing on our poor efTorls. Our language should be-.' lt is true wo have dono Imt little, nevertIn-less at Thy word we will let down thc ucl." And wo nil know that in the case of those fishermen of Galilee lite lot ting-down of the not was not ill. vain. Most assuredly God will Mess tho i'lloifs ¡ind laboins of His servante when and how He piraeus. He luis blessed His own work a'ready in ninny places, and on many ii thousand souls, ami will do yet molo, "ii HO calmly look hack on thc post und oonsidcr how poorly, how feebly, 'how; doubtingly wc have Jali'oured. wo. ought to bo very thankful to sec how God Inls al- ready pro-pored tho work of missions and bmv -neat a iiiirvest, hus been reaped by tl»- few lahiui'-ors who have sown the Gutf pol -oed. \\\ hercver we have lieen success- ful lol ns thank God .itid give Him all thu glory, ¡ind whore wc have sceiind to fail lei us lake CHU ra go ¡iud [icrscvoro ill tho. bumble trust llmt Christ will yoi crown, mu' labour- with .-ticeess. Lot our mis- sionary -nineties IPI on in faith, l,ot us, one .uni all. gladly pour in nor aid into ono of IIH-C soe'ciii-s to-night-tho Aim tralinii Board of .Mis-ions. Let ,M <|" ¡¡ ¡" obodieneo to om- laud. And when we Oin* have dono it. maybe wo. shall enclobc ,i inuit il ude of u-hos ns that our mitfldiull break. We may yo) live li> see uoinlHS uc couiplished hy tho -implo preaching W tho Go-pol. Hourly lu-Unis!. let «mr gifts 1» oll'ijred hearl¡Iv and willingly for such a glorious work. Let. us gin; for mir Saviour's sake, because Ho bids us. Let us give fur the sake ol' s"ulSj lnysnvc tiley need s.llvail ion. Lot, UH tiy to s|¡i- up' nile. anolJior's zeal. 1\'o , want the -crvice "f all: mil ono -bunill lag behind. Lol us do as Simon did: Iel us beckon to our partners flint tiny conn .uni \ help Us. 