DIAET OP A D3AD LZiH. Eoecrd of a Staiving Sondiher. Vain Effort to Sustam Life. A STOur giving details of ilio ccr.ih of "lleury Wcyliricli, a motorinan, v.ho left* the service of the JLos Anfe'ea liailwny Co. iu tho winter of ISO'S to reek Ins iortune m mo tvion dviie, but who utarved to der.tii, appears iv Califomian papers. 2lis corarr.de, Al Dominy, narrov.-iy C;-c;-.':cu tho same fate, but is now at hoiac hero iv safety. The; Hory is largely comprised in a diary kept by "Weyhrich, in which he tolls in pitiful language of his light day by day against overpoweriu;; hunger. Dominj* was with "Weyhrich when ho died, and brought back to. tho latter's mother aud sister a hundred loving ns3£ages, and tho diary. "Weyhrich was ono of the " Sunny South " party, which left Los Angeles for the Klondyko two and a half years ago. They took the Edmonton route, which carried them along tho Pease Hirer, by Port Graham and Sylvester Post. Other member-i all iuriird back beforo long, but Ys'eyh ricii and Dorniny kept on. They found a little gold, but it was too line. At last winter caught them, and, unable to travel father or go back, tbey built a cabin at tho lower end of tho Al'Pherson Lake, ou the Ye;sezoo liiver, about 500 miies from D.-.v,-sou, and 2-iO miles from Tort Laird. Ihcy knew they had not ??rovisiuns enough to last the winter through, but rested easy in tho hope cf gel'ing plenty of garae. Li-?t Xevr Year's Day iho tv/osnov bjriegeu prospectors had a pathetic little celebration in their cabin. They knew by that tirno there wav small chance oi cither one seeing another Xevr Years Day. Weyhrich told of it in his diary. Soon, however, ho hid run out of writing paper, and tho record of that last fateful winter was —ritten across tho pages of a little Spanish-English 13ible. On January 0 Yt'ejhrich writes : " To -.veal: too go banting. Cooked spoonful of rice, one of dour, one of vegetable, one leg of squirrel." January 7. Very cold. I chopped wood. 2dr Dominy rested, so as to tiro his strength for moose to- morrow. 1 feel the Lord has save our souls, though oar brdies perish by starvation cr freezing. Our situation is very dssparate. Living on two meals of 'bin rcup." January She wroie: " "We are eating lbs buds of willows to stay the gnawing pangs of hunger. Ate one little white rreasel for breakfast. Our I zou'j keeps getting thinner every j day. "We are getting weaker fast and j itnaoi hold out many mora days. If ' rahz: 'less not coma in some shape j Oa January 0 he entered:-Starving i Id ae.itn. One spoonful of era—rated 'i vegetables aud one of rico and "one 0f.,; vrcrk 31 that. The weather is cold, ; abar-t 30 or -10 below aero, and a una j sr.ow, with wind from the north daiiv, j Tviich cuts through a person. V.'c can bardly keep warm on the wood I can cut during the daytime." Oa January 11 he wrote : " Plour all gene. Xo sign of moose or any ether game. Xot even a bird. "We Ere living on one spoonful oi vege tables acd the tips of v.'illows." Por tho five days following this entry Weyhrich was too vreak to write j sri;ent!y. Each day he merely { entered the date and name. Camp j " Winters-Quarters." Tbe sad record i Clc;£3 23 fciIOTTS : i _" Tuesday, January IG, ICCD— i Vi mter Quarters: Henry A. Yfayh- j rira, j_;s Angeles, Ca:. A. E. Dominy — Coid;_ very cold. About three raphes of snow fell last night. I have g-.Tsa up all hopes of living. My 2eg3 ;?* 'n'eak and thin can't support my iziy. lam a skeleton." _ 3y vreird cirenmstances "Weyhrich's ayiag raeesage ivas v.ritten scrcss the follovripz verses in the Acts : " Aud r.o~ behold, I go bound in spirit Into Jerusalem, not knowing the things t-at shall befall mc tuere." " Sa , Te . t ' Qat t,ce -Holy Ghost v.-it r-esseth in every city, saying that -or.as and affections abide with mc." Tito days after "Weyhrich went to bt3 death vrith the utmost cheerful ness. He and Dominy sang songs all morning until tha end came. ' Doainy buried hi 3 friend and lived four months alone in the camp. Two days after "Weyhrich's death a moose was shin. This saved Dominy's life, i.hen he regained strength by food is mado a terrible journey across the ;aoi7 to civilisation. 