A. Palace of Light. THE MOON AT 86 MILES. ("Cliristinn World," June 1-Kb, 1900.) Fhom the strictly educational point of viow therfc is nothing, in ray opinion, in the whole of the Paris Exhibition comparable to the wondors of the Palais da Vopttque, It is a veritable palace of light iu which optical eoionce is so ravishingly demon strated as to strike even the least scientific? person with astonishment. It is one of the many ' Bide shows,' but it would be an in comparable loss for anyone to visit the ex hibition and miss that. Whatever rofloots or refracts light, or in any way modifies or transforms it, is presented to the eyes of the visitor* Mirrors, prisms, apectrosoopos, photographio apparatus, telescopes and every known instrument included in the oatcgory of optios, are found here. It is science made living and amusing.. Ono hour spent there is worth many weeks of hard reading. . From the moment when the visitor passes the barriers, after having paid one franc and a half, to the moment of retirement, it is a quiet, stoady excursion ' through wonderland, personally conducted by a score of different officials, who transfer their olmrge from ono to the other with the precision and oaso of machinery. Mounting a staircase, wo are introduced to a eerios of twonty tableaux representing, in a most ingenious manner, tho formation and development of our globe. Here, in the first tableau, is a wild forthsetting of the war between lira and wnter iu the long, long ago. Thou follow the great rains, the first seas, the ' premiers ourviers du globe,' the grand forest, reptiles of the third epoch, birds, serpents, and on to the glacial period of man. Our first parent appears a hairy being, who reposes thoughlfullly upon a rock, evidently studying the next move. His attire is not-modern. Cardboard, drapery, gauzo and light combine to pro duce a most vivid and effective series of tableaux. Descending from the gallery we are intro duced to bacteria, which are portrayed upon a large screen by tho aid of electric light. The apparition of tho influenza microbe elicited from the audience by a long-drawn Af)-ah ; it was tho first timo many of them had soon their triumphant foe in hi« real colors. It was also my first introduc tion to his photograph. Nou>, inEuonza is intelligible-that microbo is capablo of any mischief; it was the ' Bill Sykos ' of all the specimens shown to us.. Then came a re- . miniseneo of Dr. Dallinger in tho shape of ' the world of a drop of water,' magnified a hundred thousand limes. The population was very much alive in the screen; tho activities of tho .little crualures resembled i the autics of boys ou a playground. Across the corridor-is a series of cham bers, each communicating with its neigh bour, and each, the aborts of some surprise. In one room brilliant images uro produc ed by electrical vibrations, and the visitor jmnginoa that ho is gazing lip on some solid snbutauce, HO realistic is tho effect. ' IllusionT he sees nothing but dancing light in the raidnt of the dense darkness. Next door Lo tliis is a mysterious apartment in which a gentleman create* lightning through the medium of on induction coil and wuh thn enormous power of over a million volis. Thunder accompanies it, and we experience the creepy sensation of being in an old ' alchemist's deu. Were wo siill invested with the superstitious of the fifteenth cen tury, wo should be in a state of terror, mo mentarily awaiting the apparition of the shades from beneath. . By way of relief, we are offered in an other room the beautiful vision of L'etoile double. This illusion is a variation of Pop per's ghost, with tho difference that those ghosts are not frightful -skeletons bent upon deranging the nervous organism of some over-strung student. T'etoile double is a pair of mnidona appearing in shadow, appar ently in space; in reality,, however,, the spectator sees only the reflected image of two living figures, the laiter bning hidden from view beneath the plat form. An appeal is made both to eye and ear in the Halle Beuquerel, where L'orgue optique performs./ Arranged around the apartment are a number of variously colored electric lamps. These are all electrically connected with the organ, and when the instrument is played the colors which cor respond to tho musical sounds appear. The deeper colors are excited when solemn music is played ; the lighter ones when the melody is lighter. Sound and color become audible or visible when the necessary vib rations of the other are caused, and this optical orgau accurately establishes the correspondence between the tvvo.aud renders them in a living way to the twin senses. Cur iously enough, it is a blind man who plays the instrument. With him it is more than a question of color-blindness. One of the chambere offers rather « sen sational exhibition of the X rays. A large screen is set np, and a 1-idy places herself between the screen and the Hint gen appar atus, with the result that her entire skeleton appears upon the screen. The heart is seen most distinctly to beat. This project ion of the entire living frame is unique, but the lidy looked more attractive when she. appeared before- the spectators in the ordin ary light of day. When under the influ ence of X rays she was literally an unknown quantity. Skeletons lack inspiration some how; dressed skeletons are alt right, of course. Along with scientific demonstration, the management has contrived to mingle a good deal of innooent amusements. At one point we were all requested to leave our umbrellas and walking sticks in the custody of a comely matron and then plunge into a brilliantly illuminated hall with corridors radiating in every direotioii. It was easy enough to enter; the difficulty was in emerging. These apparently interminable oorridors were bitter illusions. The whole place was a maze of mirrors, so skilfully placed that one never suspeoted their exist ence until they proved themselves to be a barrier to further progress. The angles at which they were set rnrely gave a full-face reflection of the bewildered wanderer. Once I came across a gentleman who rudely turned his back upon me, and in response to the friendly inclination of my head, he merely threw back his neck. I took a second or two to realise that I was survey i iug my own bnclc and that tho rudo person was myself turned about by some sorcetyor other. This is black magic, surely, to look full into the faco of a mirror and seo only one's back. This mystory led to another-tho grand kaleidoscope. Wo mounted a flight of stairs and found oursolves in a vast hall whero some 10,000 people seemed to be assembled. Tliore they were, gathered in great groups, chatting as people do at a oonversazione. By-aud-by one saw that the groups were straugely familiar, and then we began to realise that onr little band of twenty persons had been exagger ated to these enormous dimensions merely by the application of the kaleidoscopic len ses. With au apparatus of this bind one need never be lonely; company can be cre ated ad lib., and it is so cheap, too. Con sider how little in tho way of provisions would go round! And, to abase our pride, wo wore then requested to gaze into some thirty mirrors in turu, so that wo might see what manner of men we were, or might become. Every type of mirror seemed to bo thoro, spherical, convex, concave, and'conical. Ono mom out the beholder perceived himsolf to bo a man whoBe faco measured, from ear to ear, about a yard; the next momonfc a second mirror reilectod a geutlemnn with attenuated vis age of abnormal length. And soon. That hall was a place of laughter noue could resist it, it was too grotosquo. True image of life also is that hall, for men aro always boholdiug themselves in false mirrors, and. SO' they come to think falsely and to act falsely. But the masterpieco of this Palais do Vopliquo is tho much talked-of teloscope, through which tho moon seems to be only a' distance of thirty-six miles from oar globo. It is the teloscope of the world. The story of its making and of its transporting to. Paris is a romance in itself. It weighs twenty tons and roposea in. a gallery nearly one hundred yards long. It is supported upon live strong iron pillars. When the weather aud tha moon permit, our satellite iB reflected and projected directly on to an enormous screen. It appeared to me to be about two hundred feet in diameter.. At other times photographs, which have been taken by tho aid of this telescope, are ex hibited iu this enlarged manner. Wo saw every phase of tho moon from crescent to full rnoou, and then the decline to orescent again. The craters aud mountains stood out in wonderful clearness; it was like taking a trip to tho moon. I suppose that is about as near as we shall ever get io it, and, undoubtedly, it will suffice most people. The moon doeS uofc appear from, tho photo graphs to bo a desirable place for a resi dence. It lacks appropriate scenery, Still, it is something to hare seen it so nnar. MV Delonclo has good reason to be-proud of his work ; ho has made both aorvants and or-, dinary folk his debtors. FUEDETUGK. 0. SI'UK IT. ' The Kiama wiitor word a ai'o finished, as : far as tho Government is coucumed, im<i handed over to the. council. TI10 work seems to bo finished, but 11 ifc completed, as 'raauy teaks in tlie pipos have bsu-i di-unvor od. Wilt the Got eminent repair smuo ut council's expense? These inoomplatcnrsscs seem to bo a failing with Government waterworks. Why cannot the Govoruniulit lend the couucila the money at a fair interest ins tend of themselves attempting to do what thoy invariably make a muddle of ? FOii THE . KA *SI£S. Tlioro in uc> butter m.'d-.eino fur thu b.ibios than Oliumbatl du'H Cnn.'li Remedy. It' pleasant t tsto ami prompt and offeotu il cures mako it a favorite witli mothers and small oliildron. If. qtiiokiy ouroi th»>ir oi>Ui?lm titid co'da proveii'ing piiouminiu or ntlior 80 ious o ms-iquimooM. It ul-<o euros Group and has baon uned in Ii«IIH of thousands of oases without a single failur soo far na wo havu b'on ablo to learn. It not only cures oroup, but whim given as aooti as tho croupy cough anpo irH, will pivvont tho attack. In oases of whm iping uough it liquefies tho tough 1 muctra, making it ensior to expectorate, and lesion b tho sovorily and froquoncy of tho paroxysnw of coughing, thus depriving that disease of all danger | oiifl oonsoquoucos. "For stilo by llr. D. Morgan, j Chemist, Buwrul. In order to prevent the aboriginals at :h i Wollar camp from assisting the Brealong murderers, the young, able-bodied blacks wore 011 Monday removed to JVIudgee, 1 where they were charged wilh having 110 visible means of support, and recnanded to 1 jail for eight days. The legality of tho step ihas been questioned. The aboriginals I brought to town were leg-ironed and hand cuffed to each other. 