NORTHUMBERLAND. IN OURIMBAH CEMETERY. Trouble in the Tuggerah. George and Granny Buckton - George Smith's Plucky Rescue — A Magnifi- cent Reward for Heroism — Lovely Tuggerah — Black Billy Faul- kener - Rum and Ink— The Sporting Parson, who Liked a Cockfight. ON a steep slope, a little over a mile south of the railway station, is the Ourimbah Church of England Cemetery. The Mait- land-road bounds it at its base, while at its topmost and western sides, the forest runs right up to the grey and moss-grown fence. Here is the resting-place of pioneers innu- merable; here the ghost of Gray might write another elegy. To this cemetery have been made some exceedingly lengthy funeral journeys. It is also responsible for one of the shortest on record. Old George Buckton, who, with Granny Buckton, the partner of his life's joys and sorrows, acted as care- taker for the cemetery, dwelt for years beside the graveyard, the fence alone divid- ing his cottage from the nearest of the graves. When George joined the great majority he had only to be taken from his house up along by the fence, through the gateway, which was near the top, and then down to where the grave was dug at the bottom of the burial-ground. Someone of those assembled to pay the last tribute of respect, said that a lot of bother would have been saved by just lifting the old gentleman over the fence. However, till Gabriel pipes ''all hands,'' George sleeps : — but a very few feet from where he slept the best part of a lifetime. In the church and cemetery here Parson Johnston for years married them and buried them, as occasion required. The reverend gentleman could read a pathetic burial service ; and he was not half a bad hand on the thigh of a corn-fed cock, after proposing the health of the bride and bridegroom at a wedding feast. When anyone died who had lived a considerable distance from the cemetery, a lengthy procession could always be relied on. First came the horse and dray, the latter minus front and tail boards. In the dray was the coffin, running obliquely from front to rear of the vehicle. Then came the chief mourners and relatives ; then the people on foot, if any ; with a long line of horsemen and horsewomen bringing up the rear. When nearing a public-house many of the horsemen would ride on ahead, and have a ''go'' of something to wash down the dust. When the remains had been duly interred, and heads were turned for home, a match for half-a-sovereign a side, over half-a-mile, between a couple of trisky hacks, generally wound up the day's entertainment. About a mile from the Ourimbah Railway Station, and the same distance west from the Maitland-road, is situated the original Ourimbah. The inhabitants are few in number, and the old place has about it a lonesome, widow-in-weeds, sort of aspect, But there was a time, 40 years ago, when it was a prosperous little place enough. This prosperity was imparted to it by the enter- prise of Messrs. Scott and Jolly, who were sawmill proprietors on a very big scale. The working of their mill kept many hands em- ployed. Numbers were engaged in the bush cutting logs with which to feed the hungry saws, while quite a number of bullock teams were kept going hauling the logs to the mill and the sawn timber to the wharves. Jolly, however, withdrew from the venture at an early date in its career, and his erstwhile partner then assumed sole proprietorship. Lyall Scott, to give him his full name, must not be confounded with the Scott returned for Northumberland and Hunter at the first election under responsible Government. But at a later period he sought political honors at the hands of the Northumberland electors, however without success. Years afterwards, when there was but little left of the mill to indicate the spot whereon it had stood, Lyall Scott came from the city where he had long lived in retirement, and fought the political battle over aqain, winning the seat and holding it up till the time of his death. Previous to his retire- ment from the timber trade, business results were not so satisfactory for Scott as they might have been. The reason would be a hard one to fully explain, but one cause, perhaps, was his genial, generous and manly disposition. He was a promoter of all kinds of sport then in vogue, and had a hall or dance room erected close to his residence, within which convivial spirits of the past foregathered and ''chased the glowing hours with flying feet'' to the music of fiddle and concertina. There's not much ''go'' now in the old place that at one time presented so many and such animated scenes. A few of the old mill hands have yet to answer the roll-call, that is, supposing that such a method forms part of the system adopted by t'othersiders. An old rustic bridge crosses Ourimbah Creek, which is in reality the fag-end of Tuggerah Creek. Here and there by the roadside lie the weather-warped remnants of a few old waggon wheels. These seem abstractedly content, with long grass and briar sprouting luxuriantly upwards be- tween the spokes. The lofty old-fashioned house, with its high windows of many panes, the residence in days gone by of the Scott family, was some time ago destroyed by fire, and on the site it occupied a roomy cottage has been erected. A silence reigns all round the few small farms under cultiva- tion. It is only broken by the crowing of a cock, in answering defiance to a neighbor- ing barndoor sultan. The 'tinkle-tinkle' of the bell- birds still sing in September their song to the springtime as blithely as they did half a century ago. Five miles from Ourimbah, and about one and a half miles east from Tuggerah plat- form, the lakes bearing the same name tint the surrounding and shore-fringing piles of perennial foliage, with their soft blue re- flection. Just as sequestered seem these lakes at the present time, as when the dark- skinned sons of the soil bounded, spear in hand, like bucks along the banks, and won from the waters their food supply of fish and fowl. Here is the home of almost every known sort, size, and description of sea fowl, with the sombre and gracefully gliding swan for a queen. The globe- trotter endeavoring to realise tbe truth and beauty of nature, could never call complete his dreaming idealism, unless he camped at Tuggerah Lakes during the summer months. To camp in tent, mayhap carelessly sus- pended from wattle bough, or in kel- icked boat on the bosom of the lake, and to awake in the grey dawn of a November morning is to see Nature in one of her most sublime moods. Grey mists parting reluctantly from the waters ; vermillion-tinted flashes of auroral lights breaking through the eastern sky ; the deep drawn sigh of waking morn stealing through the dew-laden forests afar ; the startled cries of myriads of sea fowl that rise labor- ingly from the bosom of the lake, colliding with each other in the panic of their primi- tive instinct — all this you may see and hear. This is bit a poor description, how- ever, of the opening act in the tragedy of day as it is played over the waters of these lakes. Tuggerah has had its pioneers, few in number, but of the right sort. An old couple, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, who still live close to the lake, were amongst the earliest of the lake-side dwellers. They came over from the Hawkesbury with a houseful of sons, Hawkesbury bred, but most of whom blossomed into manhood at Tuggerah. One of the sons, George, must here be singled out for special mention as the hero of a fight for life with the angered waters of Tuggerah. At the township of Wyong, some few miles distant from the lake, a station-owner named Allison resided at times off and on throughout the year. He owned stations out west. In fact he had property in most corners of the colony, beside some at home in Scotland. On the occasion of one of his visits to the Wyong property, he, with his sons Jim and Bill, George Smith, Neil Anderson, the latter now part owner of a sawmill at Narara, and Tom Battley, son of an old-time Gosford magistrate, started for a day's pleasure on the lake. They sailed across to the entrance, about five miles, did some fishing, and otherwise amused themselves till the after- noon, when they started on the homes trip. Tuggerah, like most waters similarly situated, is now a mill-pond, and in half- an-hour's time a storm-tossed mountainous mass of billows. It happened that shortly after the crew of six had started from the fishing-grounds with all sail set, a sudden puff came over the lake, then another and another at shorter intervals till, in the space of a few minutes, a smart squall was making very small potatoes of the pleasure party. Smith warned the Allison brothers that in his opinion they were carrying too much sail, but they paid no heed to his caution. Presently a very sharp puff struck the boat, & heavy sea broke across her bows, and be- fore Allison, senior, could think of the next season's clip on Canonbar, or George Smith form an idea as to who would do his yoking- up next morning, the sails were dragging helplessly beneath the water, and all hands luckily clinging to that side of the boat which was uppermost. The disaster occurred about a mile and a half from shore. The situation was rapidly dis- cussed, but no plan of rescue was arrived at. Then Smith declared his intention of at- tempting to swim ashore, and after advising the Allison brothers to help the old man keep his grip of the boat, he struck out, minus the most of his clothing. As he left the boat, some fishing lines became by some means or other, entwined around his feet and legs, pulling him under aud causing him to have an internal as well as external salt water baptism. He freed himself, however, and started on the journey that was then of doubtful ending. After a couple of hours battling with the waves, he succeeded, in getting ashore. Neil Anderson made terra firma shortly after, at nearly the same spot, and some time later Tom Battley got ashore in a very limp condition. Anderson and Smith discussed the predicament of those on the keel of the boat, and a proposal was made to procure a boat from a little distance up Tuggerah Croek, and put out to their assist- ance. Tom Battley wasn't, however, taking any, so Smith and Anderson went about a mile up the creek, manned a boat, pulled down into the lake and away out to the rescue. The squatters, meanwhile, had managed to keep their hold on the capsized craft, the latter, with its circumstantially dependent appendages, having been buf- fetted by the breakers a couple of miles from where she turned turtle. Smith and Anderson, however, fought to a finish with the elements, and as the shades of evening drew in they were battling their way wearily shoreward with the owners of a goodly junk of Australia huddled together in the bottom of the boat like a haul of mullet. Bill Allison, on starting for the day, had about £70 in notes in his pocket, and these managed to escape and get lost. Perhaps it was that, knowing their own value, they endeavored to save themselves. The Allisons, father and sons, had in a few days recovered from the non-bargained for results of their day's outing, and a message was sent by Pere Allison to his rescuers to the effect that he wished to see them at his house. Now, in accordance with the fallibility of human nature, (dating from the fall of the time when Moses could not leave his compound interest crowd on their own, while he went up on to Mount Sinai, without their form- ing a calf of gold and worshipping it, and from then on to the present), it would have been pardonable in George Smith should he have said unto himself, as did he who in- vented the steam engine, ''Now I am a made man for life.'' Not that George ever dreamed of, or hoped for reward, pecuniary or landed, for saving the lives of his fellow beings. There was too much of the man in his make-up for anything like that. But all the same, it would have been excusable. Well, they waited on the old chap, and spent a convivial hour or so. When they rose to go their host pressed into the hand of each an envelope. Guessing the nature of the contents they demurred, but the donor would not be denied. ''He has given it to us in cheque form," said the recipient of the supposed hidden treasure, while they were yet too close to the house of their late host to stand and examine. Presently, however, they drew forth the precious paper; aud, lo ! each man found himself started in life by the squatter's present of a cheque! George Smith runs an hotel on the shores of Tuggerah now, and anyone who camps with him during a visit to Tuggerah will find that he is in every respect & white man. His over- grateful friend and benefactor, Allison, senr., must have had a hankering after a ''briny'' burial, for he ''pegged out '' some years later while voyaging from Scotland, and was buried at sea. Many years have passed since the tribe of blacks that dwelt by the shores of Tuggerah became extinct. The last one of them was Billy Faulkner. Billy had never been a king, but he was an all-round hard case, and as regularly as he could raise the wind, paid homage to the shrine of Bacchus. On one occasion Billy was return- ing towards Tuggerah after a drunk in Gosford, and had in his possession a lamp, that had been either purchased, presented, or pilfered. The lamp contained about a pint of rum, and Billy, on arriving at the Ourimbah schoolhouse, by the erratic methods of travel peculiar to the Austra- lian black, went into the schoolroom to ''shout'' for the worthy pedagogue. The schoolmaster, however, was either ''off it,'' or else he had some doubts as to the ''proof'' of Billy's magic potion, and flatly refused to entertain the fraternal overtures made by that ebon-hued optimist. In fact, he was such a stern disciplinarian that he ordered Billy to be gone. Billy, however, hung on, and placing the rum lamp on a desk, started a corroboree for the delecta- tion of the statesmen, divines, etc., to be. A bare-footed pupil, more apt than studious, contrived to tilt about a gill of ink into Billy s lamp. Presently, after informing the scholars that their teacher was no 'plurry' good, an opinion in which every boy in the school, big and little, coincided, Billy picked up his lamp and departed. The grads. of the gums then turned to the crevices between the wall slabs to watch the further movements of William, who, as he headed for his haunt, placed the article, that would give light to most people, but oblivion to Billy, against his mouth, keeping it there, and gradually elevating it until he had drained every drop of its contents. For years Billy crossed the lake and ciuised its waters by means of a rudely constructed bark boat. But at last, like the pitcher, the boat went to pieces, and the last of the tribe solved the preacher's problem in the waters of that lake from whose shores he was separable for only short periodical peregrinations. At Tug- gerah there resided for years the man generally acknowledged as the first to dis- cover gold in Australia. Several Northum- berland versions somewhat discount the theory, however, of Mr. Hargreaves being the absolute and actual discoverer of the sense-pulsating metal, and declare the credit due, morally at least, to an aboriginal who, the old hands say, was not so ignorant of the value of his knowledge as he was of how to turn that knowledge to advantage. The banana produces per acre 44 times more food than the potato and 131 times more than wheat. A Saline Alkaline Mineral Water like Helidon Spa restores nervous tissue. Heli- don Spa has obtained a national reputation on its own intrinsic merits. IF YOU WANT TO BORROW MONEY Go to N.S.W. Mont de Piete Co., Ltd., 74 Castlereagh-st, 74. EUSTACE BENNETT, Manager. Reliable Sterling English Silver Levers, capped and jewelled, 25s., guaranteed 3 years. Grand Silver Waltham Levers, 25s, guaranteed 3 years. Sterling Silver Chains, very heavy, 6s. 6d. We give marvellous value. All our watches are thoroughly reli- able. We clean watches and time them for 2s. 6d. Best new mainspring, 2s. 6d. All work guaranteed 12 months. FRENCH'S, 632 George-street, a few doors above Liver- pool-street. 