i . : ? ? ? ? ? — ? a. I THE CIATE1U , ; GHOST. ... . ? ? (By Edward H. Hoopbr.) Having provided themscly^s with re TOlvers and /sticks and a Mantern, ihc Btenard '(and; Mousieur do Rtalier ran lightly flights of stairs, alon'^ a eorridor/op anothor fligbt,_j4!6ng ' more passBgcs,' and so to the bottom of nar row winding staircase w.hicb mounted to ths toner rooms. Here they putieec! out . of -bi^atb.ras ,. they- boih explained biit i ' thiirn Wtts'lno 'long delay '-before ' they be 'gahwtbe'6a'cent of th'e 'Utile '''staircase,' Bertrand, with tbe lantern in his belt a Stick in ono haod and k . pistol ' in' the Other, arrived first, and pointing to a doorrshrank vbacb, muttering eomothing ,i aboutl'. seeing that his -revolver- -was in order.' Monsieur le Oomte de Rfialier pushed past him and flung open the, door ; then . ha' stood atill and peer'ed ioto tho room. ' 'shape like the,-.figare of a;woman, n . 'Tafr^ji^ed ,in a;iong cloak, stood wiih its ! to him ; she' wbs holding up a Isntoro, the light from which fell in. a great %hito streak through the open : *.- ?' '? wiadow. The room wa8--perfeotly' bare, ?^thout' ' farnitore or' droperiflB of ? any deaarintion. and the floor, as De Realier 'i riiaie1 one -Step forward on it, gave a hollow oresk. But the figure stood per fectly motionless, lantern in hand. -Monsieur do Realier felt his shoulder gripped from- behind by Bertrand, and then tho steward raised his pistol bo that looking along iti' 'Monsieur de Realier could see it pointing straight at the woman's head, ..and fired. ! Scarcely knowing ~what ' he waB doing, but yet with senseenough to be aware that he was taking per.feotiy ;acourate aim, the Comte raised his pistol and fired too, and the smoke of the two pistols met in a great strifling cloud, whioh the draught ? -bWwiien the i^pen door and window: broke -i-np .into ' ' littlo oiroles . and eddies and lines. The cloud grew thin ; through it the men could see the woman stand ing there holding up her lantern and at the sight of her Bertrand and Monsieur 1« Oomte de Realicr turned and fled with ,wild whitd faces aricLteakleBS footsteps down atoirs end corridors into light. Arrived on tbe landing of the first floor, Monsieur de Reaher etopped and looked at Bertrand, feeling that he had made a rety considerable fool of himself Lights were burning f n the passages and ! : on the itairoase, a bedroom door was i op«n!. »howing a big wood fire blowing, and everything told of living, moving humanity, of servants and guests— and of ordinary burglars whom one can shoot at with the best intentions and miss. If Monsieur de Rialier could have now acted ?xaotly aocoiding to hia inclination, he would have gone to his room and stayed there for the night until he could have devised a coherent story, oatohmg at trath in places, with which to ' confront bis host, But this would have left Bertrand to go and blunder out the , trath or . worse than the truth about their quest. Where a lie had to be told it \- was beat told well. With unwilling footstepa the Comte de Realier went slowly downstairs across the great hall and out into the garden. The light in the tower was gone. The front of the Obateau was completely dark and the lake was a . uniform black mass, with only its bare shape and border of trees showing under tbe light of the far ofi patient stars. A solitary figare lay huddled up on the lawn by the nater's edge. - With a sudden feel ing of symyathy for what he remembered of young Arleton's terror, the Oomte de Realier came up to it, and bent down, land then started back with aery of terror. For tbe prostrate figure wbb that of Monsieur le Marquis de Hautepaille nbo wbb lying on the grass dead, with a dagger in his heart. (Ths End.) 