False Pretences. "To say that I was mad does not express it" said the fat man as he fanned himself with his hat. "But it was a great game, and although we were beaten we died hard. I paid a visit last week to an aunt of mine who Hve? in a small town not far from here, and while I was there a game of baseball was proposed between the fats and the slims. As the fat mdn lacked one man I was approached to help' them out, and I consented with the en thusiasm of youth. Hadn't played a game BJrice I was a boy, but hadn't the slightest idea that I couldn't show them a trick or two. : . •• the game was a warm one, and the day was warmer, and as the town is prohibi tion there wasn't the ghost of a ohance to get anything to slack one's thirst with but water, .... and warm at that. The slims had us when it bame to base running.'Wnd it-waBn! : t long be \- fore we began. to look like thirty cents. We fhade any number of hits that should have been good forborne runs, but by the time the ball was fioldod in we were "stranded on first base with the second base looking to be four miles off and no street oar in sight. "Our captain was in despair. He had several bets that we would make at least one run, and it looked as if he was going to lose. When it looked the blackest our captain-was seized with a bright idea. He produced a beer keg from somewhere!" and placed it on the third base with the announcement that every man who readied third might help himself to What was inside. "How'we went for that ball! We simply slammed the stuffing out of it and had the ijlim? chasing it all over the field ! Ambition took ub to first, where desire took up the run ,. aing and landed us at second, but there we could only Rasp and look longingly over to third. Finally, however, I caught the ball on the end of my bat and knocked it olean over the fence, and before it was found I was rest- Ing on third. The ouptain yelled for me to ' some on home, but I was too near dead to do that, besides I was entitled to the reward for nay endeavours. I seized hold of that keg and $hen nearly fainted. Say, I'm a sliver if it Wasn't nothing but an empty keg 1 The game broke up right there and thon."—"Detroit JPree JPress 6 " 