MYRTLE'S SACRIFICE. [Written fob, "The Herald" by " Teresa."] chapter v. It would take me too long to describe the anger of Mr. and Mrs. Maudsley, or the bitter chagrin of the lover, when Myrtle told them that evening of the resolve she had made. Her kind and earnest friends the Woods, while heartily admiring the spirit which actuated her, had carefully avoided encouraging her in her proposed self-sacrifice. She had, however, fully made up her mind, and they could not conscien tiously oppose her wishes. Mr. Wood, how ever, recommended her to sleep on the matter and afterwards consult the Premier of the colony. He was a wise and far-seeing man, and, if she persisted in her determina tion to give up her land and income, he might advise her how the former might be safeguarded by the State that it should never revert to private landowners again. He might also advise as to the disposal of money to which she believed she had no right, and assist her to find suitable employ ment. Her kind friends urged her to reserve £500 out of the fortune she intended to sacrifice (the devoted girl contemplated relinquishing every penny of her income) as it would not be safe to leave herself quite penniless, for Mr. and Mrs. Wood both thought it more than likely that by her voluntary act of self-sacrifice she would estrange her own relations from her. This proved only too true. After bitter words, which wrung poor Myrtle's tender heart, her uncle and aunt informed her that they would give her one night to reconsider her mad scheme, and that if she had not thought better of it by the morning they would at once pack up and leave the house, in which case Myrtle would never see their faces again. " I will own no faddist and Radical as my nieee," said her uncle, angrily, as she weep ingly left their presence, and her aunt re-echoed the same words. As Myrtle stepped through the open French window on to the moonlit verandah she encountered her lover. She felt still more grieved when she looked into his face, for she saw there not anger but only deep sorrow. Valentine Maudsley really loved his cousin fondly. In fact his affection for her was the one redeeming trait of his other wise selfish and insignificant character. *' Hush ! little one," he said, as he took her in his arms and kissed her tears away. " I cannot bear to see you unhappy. I am not angry with you, only with those who have persuaded you to take this step. Poor child, how pale you look. Go to rest now, and mind you try to sleep. I have to leave by an early train to-morrow, but will be back in a day or two, when I shall have a proposition to make to you. Good night, dear ; try not to fret." And Myrtle's heart felt lighter at the thought that anyhow her lover would stand by her. Alas, she little knew the bitter trial that awaited her. She had a remarkable experience that night. First she slept, and as she siept she dreamt a strange dream. She thought that Jesus was on earth again, and that she had to perform a long and toilsome journey on foot to meet Him. She wished to tell Him that she had forsaken all and intended to be "FTia disciple. She travelled through barren wastes and over rough rocky country, but at last to her great joy she saw the One whom she had been seeking sitting alone by a well. His face though very beautiful was worn and haggard; His garments were travel-stained; His hands and feet were bleeding, and a crown of thorns was on His brow. He rose as she approached, saying, "Welcome, little disciple, I am glad you have come. A great danger has been threatening yon, but fear not, you are safe now ; only keep close to Me." And she thought in her dream that the Son of Man drew her close-to Him, and held her firmly as though to protect her from some unseen danger. A feeling' of great peace and happiness possessed her. Then she awoke, and saw bending over her the ragged and dishevelled figure of a man, with long, shaggy hair and wild eyes, holding aloft a large knife that glittered in the moonlight. Yet she had no fear, so strongly did she feel the protecting presence of the Christ in her dream. " Who are you ?" she asked, quite calmly, " and why do you wish to kill me ?" Then a sudden revulsion of feeling seemed to seize her would-be murderer. The knife dropped from his hand on to the floor. The wild beast left his eyes, for it had been vanquished by the human soul, which once more asserted its supremacy and looked from the windows of its dwelling. The man, horror- stricken at the thought of the terrible crime which he had so nearly committed in a fit of madness brought on through privation and exposure, sank on his knees by the bed side, covering his face with his emaciated hands, and sobbing like a little child, while great tears trickled through his skeleton-like fingers and fell on the delicate satin coverlet. A divine love and pity filled the girl's heart for this ragged unkempt wanderer who was crouched so closely t » her in the silent loneliness of the night. She felt not the slightest disgust or shrinking from him. "Oh, hush, poor man," she whispered, placing her little hands on his bowed head with a gentle, caressing touch as though she wished to soothe him into silence. " I fear you will rouse the house, and that would only bring trouble on you." " Trouble!" groaned the man, as he checked his sobs with an effort and, raising his face, looked into the eyes of his consoler, who had so nearly been his victim. Oh, the anguish and despair depicted on that coun tenance. Myrtle as long as she lived remembered the gaunt and nearly fleshless face of this starving man. " Trouble," he repeated ; " have I known anything else for the last five years ? Bless your pretty face, and to think I was going to kill you ! But it was not I, my dear, only the devil himself who got possession of me. Do not be frightened," for a slight quiver shook the girl's frame as she thought of the danger she had been in. "See, 1 have thrown the knife away." As he spoke he caught it up from the floor and hurled it far out of the window. " I would not hurt a hair of your head now I am in my right senses. I am no burglar, only a poor old man who will be dead soon and out of everybody's way." His words proved true, for he died the following day. "Do not say that," said Myrtle, gently. " I can give you money, so that you will be able to get decent lodgings to-morrow. I would ask you to stop in this house, only it would be scarcely prudent for your own sake under the circumstances. You will find a shed about a hundred yards from here. There is plenty of clean hay and a warm rug. It will be quite safe for you to spend the remainder of the night there, as tramps often take shelter in it. You need not be afraid to come to the house in the morning, and I will see that you have a nice hot breakfast, and give you money as I pro mised." " Morning!" said the man, in a hollow voice, "can I live till morning? Neither food nor drink has passed my lips for over twenty-four hours, and the last I had was a dry crust and a drink of weak tea. To think that a few years ago I was a respect able farmer paying my way ! I had as snug a little home as there was to be seen in the Far North. My granddaughter, a sweet, good girl, something like you, my dear, kept house for me. She was the only creature in the world left to love me, as my wife (God rest her soul) had been dead many years, and our daughter, an only child, who had married the son of a mate of mine who had come out from old Ireland in the same ship with me, had died soon after the birth of her little child. She had a beautiful death, and just before she died she smiled so brightly and told' us not to fret, and that she saw our blessed Lord Himself waiting to take her soul to heaven." Here the man crossed himself reverently. "I took the pretty baby girl myself, and with the help of a kind neighbor managed to rear her. I had her christened Bernadine after my own patron saint. Sure then a saint she was herself, and when she grew up into a tall, fine-looking maiden she stayed with her old grandfather and would not leave him, though many were the good offers she had. God help us all, I lost her in the time of the last drought. For weeks we had nothing to eat but a bit of boiled wheat every day, without as much as a drop of tea to wash" it down, for our credit had run out at the store, and we were in fear and trembling every day lest the bailiffs should be put in, as the storekeeper had a bill of sale over our little farm. Well, my darling took sick with inflammation of the lungs, and her strength had been so run down through want of proper food that she couldn't battle against it, so the saints carried her soul to the better world and I was left alone. The bailiffs took possession of the place a few days after the funeral, so I was turned out of my home and had to carry my swag and had to go about the country looking for work. The farmers, God bless them, were all good to me, and never refused me a bit and sup, or a shakedown for the night supposing they had room, but they could not give me work as most of them were too sore pinched them selves to employ hands. So I wandered about the country, getting more disreputable looking every day. Sometimes I had food, but more often had to go hungry. Then my mind began to get weak, for the hardships and exposure at nights were too much for an old man like me. I passed some fine estates, with acres of land lying fallow, and the sight maddened me, for I thought how my darling had died for want of what that idle land would have produced. I was well nigh famished with hunger, so went up to the house (a grand one it was, something like this) and knocked at the door, making sure they who had so much more than they wanted themselves would not refuse food to a staiving old man. Guess what I felt like when a servant came to the door and, in answer to my request, told me that her master had strictly forbidden her to encour age beggars and tramps by giving them food. I forgot myself, and cursed and raved. She shut the door in my face, and I turned away feeling bitterly ashamed to think I had so far forgotten myself. As I was slowly and wearily dragging my sore feet along, I happened to turn my head and saw the servant coming out of the house with a large dish of broken food. I thought she had relented and was bringing it for me, when to my dismay she threw the whole contents of the dish into the dust-bin. I scarcely can tell what happened next. I think I must have gone quite mad, for most of the time seems a blank to me. All that I can remem ber is that the devil came to me and put a knife into my hand and told me to kill the landlords, for they were robbing this coun try as they had robbed old Ireland since the days of Cromwell, when his soldiers had killed men, women, and children, or driven them off the land to make room for English landlords. Then I remember nothing clearly till I found myself standing in this room, and the devil was at my elbow saying ' Strike.' I went to the bed still in a kind of horrible dream, and had just lifted the knife when you sat up and spoke to me. As soon as I heard your sweet voice and looked at your pretty face and long hair, so like my Bernadine's, my senses came back to me. I woke up. The devil had left me, and I was myself again. Now, my dear, I pray you of your charity tell me where I must go to find a priest. It would be terrible to die without making my confession, and my time is short." Myrtle, who had bean listening intently and with deep sorrow to the man's sad history, gave him the needful directions, but begged him to go to the shed and try to sleep till morning. " I will come down in a few minutes and bring you food. ■ I am not at all afraid," she said, in answer to his gentle expostulation as to the fitness of this proceeding. "It is bright moonlight, and nothing .can hurt me. Now do go quickly, like a good man. It is not safe for you to remain here longer." So the man in obedience to her wishes got out through the open window, whence he had come in. As soon as he had gone Myrtle rose cautiously out of bed. She was afraid to strike a light lest she might be discovered, but the moon was bright enough to enable her to find all she required. Hastily wrapping herself in a flannel dressing gown and thrusting her feet into slippers, she stepped cautiously out into the hall. She noiselessly sped to the dining-room, and to her joy found that the breakfast things were laid for her uncle and Valentine, who had to start by an early train for the city. She caught up the milk-jug in one hand and a plate of scones in the other, then stole on tiptoes to the front door. Depositing her treasures on the floor for a moment, she managed to draw the bolts and to get safely outside without arousing any of the inmates of the house. She flitted like a ghost past the trees and shrubs of the garden, which gleamed like silver in the moonlight, then down an avenue of limes, and across a small paddock. A night-owl from a neighboring tree gave a loud cry as she passed. Looking up she saw its great eyes gleaming like lire through the branches. Shuddering a little, she quickened her footsteps and soon reached the hut. The poor old man had sunk down on the hay in a fit of exhaustion. His pinched face, with its hollow eyes, had the appearance of a resuscitated corpse in the shimmering light. When he saw Myrtle enter he raised himself a little and feebly stretched out his bony hands. " Water ! water !" he gasped. Then, overcome with a sudden weakness, he fell back, groaning. Tears rose to the tender-hearted girl's eyes. Kneeling by his side, with an effort she raised his shrunken, wasted form, which she supported against her with one arm, while with her disengaged hand she held the jug of milk to his lips. He drank eagerly. Then she fed him with a scone as though he were an infant. The food revived the fainting man. He thanked and blessed Myrtle for her goodness, but she hastily checked him, saying, " Do not thank me ; I- deserve no thanks. Have I not been keeping you and such as you out of your rights all these years ? Daring my whole life I have not added a fraction to the world's wealth, nor have I ever done a day's productive work. Yet the land and money I hold would keep hundreds in comfort. Forgive me, my friend, I knew not the sin I was committing. But I know now, and shall relinquish to the Government the riches that are not mine to enable them to give work to the unemployed. I hope with God's help to earn my living, and to spend the remainder of my life in helping those who are working heart and soul to regain the land for the people " " Now, my dear," said the man, eagerly, " may the Lord reward you for your good resolve, and never let you come to want. It is a pity there are not more like you in the world. Sure if there were it would be heaven entirely, not earth at all. Aye," he said, a feeble smile overspreading his wasted features, " it is landlordism, not landlords, that mus<j be killed. That is the right sort of killing, for it is indeed killing without murder. It's time you went back, my dear,, or it's your death of cold you will be getting, and then I shall have another sin on my conscience." Myrtle smilingly assured him there was no fear of her catching cold as she was very strong. Then with a kind good-night she left him. (To be, coivtmued.) 