WOMEN'S COLUMN. MARRIED OB SINGLE I A fashion has sprung up ia Bagía/ad; hg which married ladius muy bo distinguished from single ones. The ring has previously served as a gaide, bat it is not al wave pos- sible to see it, especially if the fair one has her glovo cn, or has covered her hand with her handkerchief. The new idea conveya the required information by means of tho way a flower is worn in the hair. When no flower ia available, then a bow or anything? else ia inst aa effective, the latter being pos- sible either in strait or drawing room. In n. word, the up-to-date ruarritd woman is< expected to wear a flower or bow at the side of her head, and her unmarried sister a similar decoration oa top. DESCRIBING A BOER GI BL. Be jabots, the ''Daily News' war corres- pondent is a broth of a bboy, entoirely, aaya» a writer in " The Topionl Timfs." Ilearken unto the bold, bad mar, blazing away at ft description of a Boer girl whom he met. He begins this at his ruede! : " I don't know how much hair she had, bot there waa* ecough of it to make a fellow feel aa if it didn't; ma'ter a rap if half the earth was. bald. It waa not red, nur yellow ¡ it was like honey kissed by sunshine. Htr mouth , was perfeot, not one ot those sepulchres whioh disfigure some femil ine faces, not childishly small like a bud bursting into bloom, but a strong, trna mcutb, largo' enough for a prayer to slip through, but nob big enough to swear with. ' There's a man for ye ! Ladiee, do you hear what he says V Her rru.uth waa not one of "those si pulchres," Oh, for shame, and fie on you, for your lack of gallantry, Sir War Correspondent. Aa if a lady's mouth could be like a fepnlobre 1 , "Now I suggest the following as a com- promise ; " Her mouth waa of the usual woman's size-about as big aa a bit of wood. It was a speaking mouth ; and not a bit like a silent tomb. It wasn't red : and it wasu't white ; but of the customary colour worn by women. She oculd crack nuts and jokes with that mouth. Shs couldn't very well have done without it." This is, of course, merely a suggestion. Now I feel rather timorous in reproducing the last bit of description. " It ain't " what Air. Tony Weller would call "proper" Still, I don'Lsee why false modesty should prevent me*rrom showing np another man's naughtiness ; so-here goeB : " The arch of her buBt was like the curvi on a wave as it breaks on the beach in the bay, not the stiff lath end plaiter modela one is so apt to see walking round the streets ol oities." Although I know that ghosts are supposed to walk, I did not know that busts did Dear and beloved friends! Have either ol you ever aren " stiff lath and plaster modelt of busts walking round the street! of oitiéa ?' I would recommend the correspondent tc give this astonishing bit of information to the Booiety that deals with ghosts and spooks. 18 LOVE A LOTTEUY. You are quite as apt to draw a blank aa i prize in the lottery of love. But if you do* not go into the affaii blinded by the glamour of too real expects tionr, you may fare a trifle better than youi too romantic neighbour, If you look with disdain upon the man] small prizes that float your way, think ol nothing else, counting upon nothing els« but s?curing one great oapital prize, you ma; find the bitterest of disappointment in thi . end. If you come screes a good, honest, work loving fellow who lores you from the deptl ut his great big heart, and wants you for ht wife-wanta you badly-and you think yoi can care for him, marry , him, and loiter ni longer at the fascinating matrimonial whee of fortune. . A TBTJE LADT, Should never forget to be kind to th servants in the hcu?e ; only ill-bred peopl descend to rudeness to their domestio?. Should never consider it too much troubl tobe bright atd agreeable when ut hom« nor keep all ber fascinating ways nnt arnon? gentlemen. Should never see things which are nc meant for her to see, uor sp«ak about sat jects which her taut should tell htr ougt not to be mentioced. Should never be too proud to work, nc despise others who do likewise ; work, instea of lowering, ennobles a woman, THE ENGAGED OTKL'd MISTAKE, Some girls delight to put their lovel through an ordeal to test their love, i they believe. But the result of paasin them through the fire ia not always a satii factory oce. One maiden suddenly evinces a dislike fe tobacco, therefore she consider* it necessar; for her beau tu give np the weed ho loves e ardently. A lover remaining obstinate in such trifling matter aa thia has more than one canscd the breaking of an otherwise happ engagement. Seme men will do a great deal for the girl they love, but when their wishes becom ridiculous, it ia only natural that they reto againet them-a weakening of love being th consequence. THE MEW WOMAN. The new woman when taking holidays i Scotland had better leave her " rationals at hom?. The other day an English femal tourist had an unwelcome experience i Forth. She was riding a man's bioycle, an wore knickerbockers. Aa she pedalled alor the streets a swarm of youths and g ir clattered after her, hooting and jeerinj This escort beoame troublesome, and tl police gi.zed in lofty disdain. Eventual the young woman tcok refnge in a restau ant. Then the traffic was blooked. A Jar; crowd gathered. Many climbed on tl shoulders of others to gaze in at the wit dowe, and finally the proprietor of the estai Hah ment, not relishing the advertisemen smuggled the female knickerbocker oyoli out by a back entrance. A M OTOH HONEYMOON. \- In England the newest idea ÍB to have motor honeymoon, and certainly it has i advantages. With ycur luggage on tl motor, you can put np at any pretty inn yt come acnes and slay BB li ng BB yon ltk lhe clothing worn during euch a tr fhould consist of a taik r-mude serge, warm cape of line tweed, cloth toque, ai thick veil. FOB A GOOD COMPLEXION« ? If you want to be the happy poBseesor ol I good complexion, don'teat too fast. lots . people ruin tbe texture of the Eb in by bolth their food, and thns causing indigeatio Regular meals, plain, wholesome dishes, ai time to matticate everything perfictly, w dornoch to keep the c< mplrxion clear a; bright. Hore^y toap is almost perfeot f the toilet, giving a soothing feeling to £ akin and allaying the irritation caused 1 the action of the sun, together with h winds. Ladies who cycle will do well to u it freely, also Fuller's earth in preference many of the prepared face powders. That mighty question Federation, For many thought* und hopes the food Ha» pieEed on much deliberation, Ard moy it he a Iastir g good. It'« worth will -o n v<> ¡ rived bj tett, A rathol mund o< ir, is ."-ure, For o¡ri;?ha ;¡nd m-í i> ne do rfqu°Ht ¿ A tri«! ot Wond*' 0:eat Peppermint Care.*-' .: Oxford has sm ii* undergraduates a married Lancashire millband, 23 years of age, who worked his way into the University by studying after faotory honra, with thc help ot free libraries and university extension lectures. He has won a scholar- ship worth £80 a year, " 