TROOPER J. RICHARDSON. The Commissioner of Police has received the following letter from Dr. H L. Jameson, with reference to his son, who was recently wounded, though not seri- ously.- i MACHADODORP, September 10,1000. Geo. Richardson, Esq. Dear strait is with great pleasure that I am able to inform you that your son who was wounded last Wednesday, is doing very well indeed. He was hit with an explosive bullet, i.e., a soft-nosed Mauser split in nickel casing. The bullet was easily removed this morning under chloroform here, and he is doing well, and in splendid spirits. I anticipate a speedy recovery, and then I have advised him to set out for home. He wishes me to state to you, and his mother especially, that he is in excellent spirits, and that he suffers no pain at all, and I hope that soon after you receive this he will himself greet you. He and poor Bailey were together when they were tired at. Your son's horse was shot under him, and he could not get away. He was very fortunate to escape as easily as he did, it might have been much worse for him. A member of the second contingent, writing to Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, states that Trooper Richardson was wounded in the leg, the bullet first going through his horses head. Extracts from a letter from Lance-Corporal N. Banks-Smith, to his brother, dated Warmbaths, September 4, 1901 I am writing you a few lines to tell you how I am getting on. We are now camped about 60 miles above Pretoria, at a place called Warmbaths. Twenty of us were sent out on patrol yesterday, our object being to locate the enemy, and my word, we did. We travelled out about 13 miles, and went through a pass in the hills, and walked into a regular trap. . We got into a sort of a hole with steep hills on each side of us, when the Boers suddenly opened a heavy fire on us from about 60 yards. Three of our men were shot down in the first volley, right by my side, and four more were wounded. The rest of us made a dart for cover under a small bank ; but it was no use. The 'Boers opened a cross-fire on us, and the bullets went, shaving D' head and body that close that I could hear the wind as they went past. We got the order to dismount, and, just as I got off my horse, the officer in command came crawling up with a bullet through his legs. He was as white as a ghost, and did not seem to know what order to give, so I sang out and asked him what a was going to do ; whether we were to stand and fight, which would have been madness, or retire, so he gave the . order to. retire. We had to gallop up through the pass again, with the Boers pouring the lead into us in all directions My horse was shot in the leg, and fell, and I thought my time in ad come, but he got up again, and I scrambled on, and started after the others, and managed to make my escape the best way I could When I got up with the others, I found several wounded, and some of them without horses Corporal Brown was shot through the leg just above the ankle with an explosive bullet, and when we took his boot off there was a hole large enough to put a potato in. We tied it up with rig the best way we could, and I took his name Another chap, named Willoughby, was shot through the thigh, and young Wally was shot through "an arm After tying them all up, we started for the camp, which we rriHttd about 10 o'clock that night. The first three that were shot we did not get a chance to do anything for, and they have not turned up yet One, Corporal Brown's brother, and the Other a guide Brown was the first to fill, shot in the stomach by an explosive bullet He sent his love to his mother, and ERIC good-bye I think he was dying when we left The other man was shot through the heart with a clean bullet and was calling out for water, but I am afraid neither of them is alive now All the wounded went to the field hos- pital this morning and, I think, will be sent down to Pretoria I have had a great many narrow escapes since I have been here, and all the fellows are getting tired of it. The game is not worth the candle Wo colonials, being the best riders, and also the best shots, get all the dirty work to do. The Boers like to get you in small bodies they hide in the rocks and scrub, and wait until you get close up, and then they snaps at you from the Kopjes above your head We get all the scouting to do, and, of course, that is the worst part of the work. I was out the other morning, and was riding down into a little creek, when I came on a dead Boer, a big follow about 14st., and well dressed. He had a bullet through his head, right through his temple. He looked a fearful sight. I have been in seven or eight heavy battles, and have seen some fear ful sights. We were shelling a kopje at Slabbett's Nek, where we captured the 5,000 Boers. When the order was given, to charge the hill, the Royal Irish Brigade made a dash up the side, and 23 of them were shot dead. When I got on the top, there were dead Boers half buried, and pools of blood all along the trenches. It was a nasty sight. Half of our fellows are in the hospital, some wounded and some from fever. Everywhere you go there are dead carcases lying all over the place, and the creeks and rivers are full of them. I saw my cousin for a few minutes. He is with Baden-Powell, and was passing in another direction, and he said he would be glad when the war is over. We got very little sleep, and very little to eat. Of course, we can expect nothing else, as they are not able to carry very much over the rough country. Sometimes we are on quarter-rations only, have one biscuit and a half to do us three meals, with a drink of coffee, and, at other times, when we are in permanent camp, we do fairly well. When we arrived at Pretoria we, the Tasmanians I.B.C., had to parade before Lord Roberts. We were all hanging in rags. We marched down before his house, and halted on the road, and he came out and spoke to us. He is a very small man, and he said We were a fine body of men. We have had the pleasure of seeing all the Lords and Generals; but there are so many you mix up one with another. I do not think the war will last very long. 