NOTES H10M VARIOUS SOURCES ' A sensation has been caused in St. Peters burg by a tragic affair jri'.tlie family of "a Russian baron, who was formerly attached to tlie Russian embassy at Madrid; and' there marricd'a Spanish lady. ...Witli tlie lamily, lived a younger sister of the wife. Both ladies saif/tlie baron-off by train to St'.' Petersburg fronv his sumriier- suburban rcsi- demss-nsMMunl, and a few hours Inter the baroness appeared (it the police station, arid in.broken Russian explained that something terrible had happened nt. home. The police found her sister dead in the last room of the suite, one. that opened out . of the other in the Russian style, and on every door post and all about the . floors were blood stains and pools, of blood. The unhappy girl was only IS. The crime is believed to have been eiiused; by -jealousy. After her husband 'left, the house, tlie servants rind the three little children were sent out, and the bnroness then fired on her sister with n five-clmnibcrcd re volver. The girl fled through 'the rooms, /pur sued by tlie jealous -wife, who emptied all the chambers of her revolver into her vic tim, one of the fatal shots striking the head, another below the car. A Story is told in the "Liverpool Post" of a certain old -Dominican father, who, after 40 years of honest service in the Philipiiincs, having arrived at such an advanced age tliat he -knew. his time for this world was short, lijs brother padres asked him to write a hook /detailing his experiences. He con sented, but added: "No one shall see it while I live, but when I am gone you will open my private chest, and there you will find the manuscript." Recently the old mini died, and,' after he was buried, . . the Dominican I fathers opened the chest and found therein a vast bundle ot manuscript sewed together in the form of a book. On the cover were these words: "The Characteristics, Habits and ; Customs of the Filipino People, -by Father -= — , D.O.M. Prepared as a result of 40\. years), careful -study ririH observation of the- race.!'-.. /They opened the book to the second phgc, and ' found' it blank. They opened it to the third page,, und it- was blank. There were 300 blank pages. On the very last sheet was written these words: "This is. all I know, after 40 years' study of the Filipino people." While tlie will of a rich Swiss gentleman nariied Gehrig was being read before his sor rowing relatives in Geneva recently, the "deceased" walked into'the room. Thoassem- /bly, taking him for a ghost, fled in all direc tions, and it ivns with the greatest difficulty that ho was enabled to explain that he lmd not been drowned, as had been reported, hut was called aivny upon important busi ness, which had kept him some time. The death notices and various accounts of his -life afforded M. Gehrig great amusement. . Tlie revival in Buckingham of the ancient custom of ringing the curfew bell is a re minder,- says the.L6ridon-."Paily Chronicle,;' .thnt tliis picturesque relic/ of Norman Eng- I'hiAd-- still surtn ves , iri.'lrihre ! than 39 towns arid cities throughout the country. At some of .these the bell is rung nt certain stated 'periods only. Thus, at Pcrshqre, in Worces tershire, tlie curfew is only heard between fith Novoriibcr and Candlemas; and at Bracklcy Church from Michuelnins to Lady day only; while its original significance is, of course, entirely a thing-of the past. "The iknell of parting day" is — or ivas until recent ly — still tolled from Canterbury Cathedral ;nnd from the Church of, St, Nicholas, Bvis- 'tbl, every,.cvening. By. a code of instruction? hipted 1431 the suffragan. of ,the Bristol-die- ecse was directed ''to ring curfew' with' otic hell at IX. of the cloek." -An important discovery has been made by Professor Koch, who lias been on an ex- peditionto German New Guineu. lie an nounces -that the extirpation, of malaria is possibla;Jiy tlie use of a preparation lie has compounded, the chief ingredient of which is quinine. Many successful experiments have already shown that it will now be pos sible to. render every malarial district free from disCiiSe." ;' Thq' Berlin correspondent, of the "Stan dard" says that, according to Dr. Gnckeri, professor of history- in tho University of Oieszcn, the last words of Bismarck were as follows: — "Dear Lord, I believe. Help I Thou my unbelief, and receive me into Thy. heavenly kingdom." Mr. Thnddeus, who is one of the few ar tists who have enticed Pope Leo XIII. into posing for his portrait, tells an interesting story of his Holiness. The tremulous Pon tiff, looking nt the picture in progress,' ex claimed, "But how old you make mo." I "Are you not old?" asked the artist in. dis-i may. "All, that inay be," said 'the PopF,' I "but the Papacy — the idea I represent — is A movement is going on amongst French Socialist mayors to forbid the wearing of ecclesiastical costume. A decree issued to this effect by M. E. Thomas, mayor of. Bi- cetre, has boon annulled as illegal by the Prefect of Police. Amongst the priests of France it is probable that, although they resent tlie aggressive action of tlie mayors, they would, for other reasons, prefer to dress /like English and .American priests. " The -fiopiilarity of the famous brigand Musolinb; Who' roams about tlie mountains above Roggio, in Calabria, is attaining vast proportions. He has just killed his. fifteenth victim, against whom he considered himself to have reasons for revenge, and lias danger ously, wounded many more. The. Carabin eers seem unable to catch liiin, though the Government has put a price of £1200 on his head. Public opinion sides with Musolino against the authorities, and considers him a hero. . 