[?] [?] | WM.RAYNOR. ] [ooinnt.] 40BAH Bilim 'J sat in tbe par V f lov of be* lL I lather's house IV 1 -' 8maristaae 1\ I in ToAAlre. I VI to open news II ITJ£ livered by the postman a few minutes pre viously. It was the Worry way o (Australia) Mercury, and there w»« one paragraph wUeh had been marked in ted ink, apparently to call Narah'a attention to it. I DEATHS. HOKNOASTLE.— On Saturday, the 8th Qep. I twaber, «t Wunywayo, John Stuart Hom I S'Ue' NM.ttreaiB. of dyaeoto y, after an | fflnees ot -only two days. ! North stand at the paper with dry eye*, j her lips drawn tightly ^together with an ex j pressfon of inward agony on her face. | Then natnre oanie to her relief, and die j Bobbed pitecrady. { 11 Dead I' aba cried. 11 Ob, my poor, poor :Jaokl Tbe light of my life ia blotted out.' j Atid it seemed aa if she spoke truly. ] Instead of tbe brisk, happy Norah of old, roe i beoatne as if by the tonch of a magician's [wand a plodding, careworn young woman, l going abont her work in her father's bouse ' without heart, and simply aa a matter of dnty , and routine. i . In one short day she appeared to bare aged ten years. Morsh'a father was a grooer, but hin trade waa not flonrlnhing. He waa a shopkeeper o( tho old school ; competition had arisen which hfl maid nnt mnA vith ? and tW ? an unfortunate tendency on bis part to drown his cam in the oup that inebriates, bad sent him on the downward path. By far his largest creditor waa Prank Parketer, a young . man of meana who had suooeeded to a mod : wholesale grooer'a businesa ; and Frank had 'Mien hopelessly in love with Norah Balmer ; — hopeleSdy, because her heart waa already ^given to Jack Homoastlo. Frunk, however, . was a persistent suitor, and had more than onee intimated to old Samuel Balmer that if he could (ndooe his dangbter to accept htm he wonld wipe off all hia debts and practically pension 0]e old roan off. i To do Ur. Balmer justice, he had not, hitherto, pressed Norah on the snbjert. Be - respected her love for Jack, aBd now that Jack was dead, after allowing time for the first passionate grief to snty-ide, he gently put it to her whether ahe oruld not bring herself to marry Frank Parketor and save her old father and herself from ruin. / Norah did not care what happened to her, and she allowed herwlf to be led like a lamb to the slaughter. j Frank Parketer's and Norah's tastes did not prove to be in common. Fast, fond of a town life, and a little given to betting, he aoougnt tired of bis handsome, qniet wife, ; £nd, seeking those pleasures that were con : genial h- him, he left her at home to care for j their only child, a girl, Norah. ( Mn. Parketer passively submitted to hia Deflect ; and when, after «li years of wedded ! life, her .husband died from the effects of ; dissipation, leaving hin affairs so involved that jshe was thrown on the world almost penniless, she applied herself with quiet fortitude to the task of earning bread fo» and her daughter. As a mother she loved her little Norah devotedly, though her life, so to speak, was buried with Jat-h Horn castle. ^ j ? ... . .4 I Little Norah was 'little' no longer. Although only sixteen she was tall, with a pedate and pensive expression which gave her ausppearaooe of being older than abe really Mrs. Parketer had oontrived to keep her daughter and henelf by means of her needle, But her eight had lately been failing, and the doctor told her that *he must give her qjijes a complete rest or she wonld vciy likely so blind. This seemed impossible, but young Norab had set herse'f to leant shorthand and typewriting, and was now trying hard to j obtain a situation, ao as by b** earnings to let her mother have the rest *he required, j? She answered advertisements and eagerly watched .the po*tmau on bis rounds, but .duuppoiutment had hitherto been her lot. ; At last, however, one morning, there was the un (usual but welcome 'rat-tat.' Mother, mother I' sheeriod. -aI*vegota j letter. I am to go and see the gentleman ttiia, 1 morning. . It'a at the ' Australian Wool j Agency ' in Moorgate street.' | ? 'I pray God you may be successful, my 'darling.'* . 1- 'Ob, I am sure I shall get tbe plaoe,' cried 'Norah hopefully.' I have a presentiment that Ishall.' ' Ah, child, presentiments, when tbey are of good fortune, are mostly thoughts born of wishes,' replied her mother. 'But let me look at the letter.' \- * Norah hauded her a typewritten note. ' Mr. Hurncaatle will be glad if Mim ' Parketer will call upon him to-morrow \- ' morning at eleven o'clock.' \- « Hornoastle 1 ' murmured Mn. Parketer. ' How different it would all have been if poor Ju^k had not died.' 'What did you say, mother F' asked Norah. ' ' Nothing, my darling. I was only think-, tag. The name of Hurncaatle rsmlndcd me of aotneoue 1 whom I knew yean ago. If tbe name g- es for wi y thing in tbe way of good Jock,' she added, with a ghost of a smile, I 'joa ought to becucouswtul.' k - ttorah. anxious nut to. be late, arrived in ? tfuurgate »twt full ten minutes too soon. I Tbe )outh whu was in tbe uffine knew her .errand, and -the idoa nf this tall, ladylike girl . being his fellow-clerk -was curious to him. I He rmxived her with a strange mix) ure of dhy rwpect aud familiarity. 'Mr. Homoustle hasn't come yet, miss,' . be said. ' it's not a market day, you know, and . be'* never here ? before eleven on ' uff \- days.' ' ? , i' ? ?? Oh, thank yon,' ahe answered timidly. 'I will wait,' . 'Here's a.cbair, .miss, ' said the clerk, as he shifted one towards her. ' Tbe gu vnor'a .. Min- to be bere at eleven. He's awfully . jiuuoiuaL'' ,i The tpn -munt«t«eemed au age to Norab. v y,; but precisely as tbe clock in the Bank of .JjngUiid ehuigedout the hour the oSoe door was' thrown opeii, and a ' flue, broad jtbonldeied, athletic-looking man of about j funy years ufage, or toerhaps a little more, walked in; He glancea at Ae girl -who was __ sitting in. the railed -in spaoe that did duty for i' waHiugirootu, aud, aa he did to, bis faoe ? .paled nsibly and he stared at her so fixedly ? that rfiefelt quite twnfused^ Ab I - Yoiilvfc nailed in answer to my ? ttrtte.'Twven.'t youf' he said, aa be n--tioed W.rixiug -colour. .'I Jrill see yon almost 1 Mtinhediately — as noon as I have oprnd mr '/?] fc^ers.*''' ' ' ~ ' the letters were few and unimportant that . : . .oioruing, acid what there were were quickly ^ tiirpwn ^uade. But . Mr. . Hiimoaatle sat with : lits-Mn- un-ishaodin.deep thought. . ' i'Stnuiini!' lie muttered. ' r eelected her letter i-ut uf hundreds because of tbe name «f 'Norah. aud «he'« tbe very image of my ? puor ewoBthrttrt.r. - ? . . . he. mneaiboud that die ??image' ) waa waiting, aud be u&lled; lor to to be \- ,. Take a iieat, MiM l'arketrr,' heaaid, as be artfnlly '.planed a ehair where the light. r ? .wtwld'la.'ll fnll uuon her ?' Yo« can one the ? ' ifprmnt/atV' ^ ; . ahe waa nertona and trembling. . '] ?? I have leand it, mr;' aheredieJ. 'But \- rilJiO'vejM^tkdtn^ «i„a a,,'' idea of ^jMng f or one flurries you » little. W«0 f now, snjipoee yon take a note of a letter.in rinriluuid and then type it at the machine, *) that I Sib ttae bow yott manage it ^!alce yoortime now, atld jiia't bib anriona. 1 am qnite wflliog to make all allowances for you,*' be added Undly. gentleman was voy nioe and reassuring, Norah thought, and it gave her oonrage. She took the note from his dictation and typed it absolutely without ' That's famously done,' he aaid. And he offered her a wage which was considerably more than she bad exp&ted.; 'Toe can start to-Jnorrow,' he con tinned. ' But before yon go Might t ask you a few questions as to youraUf f' Norab crimsohed as sbe opened her little satchel. ^ 'I quits forgot, «5r,' sbe answered. 'I have a letter here aa to my character from our clergyman and also ono from the firm that mother has worked for as to our respect ability.' ' I did not mean that,' be replied, with a wave of the hand. 'I amsatisned with you without anything of that nort. Bat you remind me forcibly of someone else. Where weceyoa born P' The abruptness of .the question startled her. 'I— I waa born at Smartstone in York shire, sir.' ?'Very extraordinary ! Very extra ordinary (' be exclaimed. V Have yon any one of the name of Balmer in your family ?' 'My mother's maiden name was Balmer,' she said. 'lfs strange,' he cried. 'I thought that I knew every family in Smartstone, and yet I only knew one Balmer. Samuel Balmer, the grooer.' _ ' He was my grandfather, sir. I recollect him well. He died when I was six years old, just before my own father died.' Mr. Homoastle jumped from his chair and walked the room excitedly. ' ' Is your mother's name Norah, like yours P' he asked. 'Tea, her name's3?orah, sir.' 'Hen I've been wickedly imposed npon,' he cried. And, shouting to the youth in tbe offioe, he told bim to fefah a cab immediately. Then he unlocked a safe nnd teok a small packet of newspapers rfrom a drawer.* And in less than half an hour a cab con taining Mr. Horncasfle and tbe. wondering Norah drove np to tbe little house at High bury, where sbe and her mother lodged. ' Norah I' 'Jarkl' And Mr. Homoaslle's newly-engaged lady clerk whb astounded to Ree her employer seise brr mother, who started sobbing hysterically, and clasp her to his breast. ' I cannot have you for a clerk, Norah,' 'aid Jack Homoastle, after he bad beard her mother's story. ' You must be my danghter instead.' ' But, Jack I' cried Mra. Parketer. ' 1 don't nnderstand it. Your death was adver tised in the paper.' - '8o waa yours, my love,' be said. '1 have the old oopv of the Smarts tone Chnmich in my pocket. Look J' And Mra. Parketer'and young Norqh read the advertisement of the former's death. 'Yes, it's In that paper,' said Mrs Parketer. 'But I can swear it wasn't the real Smartstone C' rortie'e, because father took it. every week, and— and it's altsurd !' ' Someone must have falsified the papers both in Australia and in England, said Jack. Some villain ? ' 'Hush, Jack,' she said, gently. 'Ii must have been Frank. He's dead.' And so it proved. Jack met a man in London some time afterwards who had bee® at Wurrywayo, and who knew ajriuter In the newspaper office, a relative of Parketer's. On his deathbed this pnuter had confessed to J»ck's informant that be had altered the type, by arrangement with Parketer, after the regular copies of tbe paper had been printed, and had inserted a Use notioe bf JackV death in it. 'It seemed to haunt bim in his dying hour,' said tbe man. ' He told me all about il, and made me promise to try aud undo any mischief that might have been done. But it was so long ago that I thought it better not to take any notice.' ' But how about tbe Smartstone paper f' queried Jack. ' Oh. of course, Purketer must have played the same thnk there, too 1 He bribed some body in the office to strike off one false print. It would be easy enough if the paper wasn't iereotvped.11 