Tlie Storyteller; ,Tfi£ RECTOR'S DAUGHTER | (Continued frofn Wednesday's issue.) . \ C5APTEB XX.— (Contt'mtfd ) 41 Daring the . next lew days I kept strict watch oh £iena, who from the sneer on her Hps, the deceitful quiet --? her mfcnner, I judged to be bent uponnnischief, and the result showed that I did not misjudge her.' One. night I saw her . slip ont of tbe hoaBe ? in . disguise, And i unsus- ' pected by her I followed her to a lonely spot on ' tbe outskirts of the plantation where she was joined b y Pomeroy. . Under cover of the trees and tbe darkness, I contrived to croep up so close to them as overhear one of tbe no^t ! nefarious plots that ever, entered the head of \ woman. The programme was something like this : 41 Lena, having robbed me of my cheque book, and ftU the jewels and money she could j lay hands on in the houee, whether belonging to me or my brother and his wife, was to join her companion on the following day - at Balti more, from whence tbey were to start together en route for Europe. 'A programme which I scarcely need aay was never carried out. . Instead of setting out upon his travels with my wife and money, Mr. Pomeroy met me on tbe following morning at fifteen paces, with a pair of revolvers. Shots were exchanged, and we were both wounded, my adversary, as 1 thought then and for long after, mortally* ' X can hardly tell you what followed, my dear. It was like a horrible dream to me then, it is like a horrible dream to me now, as I look back upon it. St. Aubin, who had acted as my second, hurried me away ; and tbe next thing of which I had any distinot recollection, is of lying ill, and as it seemed to me then, deserted by all the world, in a New Orleans hotel. ' My wound that had never been properly attended to, had resulted in inflammation and fever, that oams very near making an end of alt things earthly so far as I was concerned. For days I lay at death's door, deserted by every living creature save poor, faithful old Mammy, who, begging and borrowing money to pay her fare,. had run away f.om the planta tion, and travelled on ta New Orleans for the purpose of nursing me. 11 But iortbe tireless patience of the poor old coloured woman, who loved me as only one of her race and colour can love, I must have made an end of all my earthly troubles in that lonely hotel chamber, where I lay and fought out one of tbe hardest battles with death that man ever fought and lived. 'I came back to convalescence at last; and the first thing that happened to me— don't shrink from me if you can help it, dear — r found myself placed under arrest for the murder of Sidney Pomeroy ! Thanks to my wife, I had been so' cruelly slandered, so maliciously ma ligned, that even my brother believed me guilty of having unfairly and murderously shot the man in some insane quarrel I had picked with him. 'Deserted by all, I stood my trial ; but the wituesses were so palpably perjured, and the fact of Pomeroy'e being really dead so very far from satisfactorily established, that the whole case fell through. In a word, I was acquitted for want of evidence ; and the first use I made of my freedom was to institute a suit of divorce against the woman who had spoiled ray life— a suit that was successful ; and, once more a free man, I took a sorrowful leave of poor, faithful old Mammy, whose freedom I had purchased from my brother, who, now that the Divorce Courts had disclosed what manner of woman my wife really was, bitterly repented his cre dulity in having misjudged me, and set out on my travels. ' For three years I wandered about like some restless spirit over tbe VAst continent of America, hunting buffalo on the Western prairies, climbing the Rocky Mountains, and living the life of a wanderer and Bohemian generally, haunted always by tbe thought that Sidney Pomeroy'e death lay at my door. ' From a blind, credulous hoy I had been transformed into a suspicious, distrustful man. Day and night something lay like a weight of lead upon my heart ; and at last, tired of the New World, I came to the Old, where, for years I wandered abont Europe, Egypt, and the East ; and *.hen I went back to America- to visit my brother in the old house. ' Both he and his wife gave me the kindest possible welcome ; and I learned then how greatly ihey had. been deceived before they could bring themselves to believe mo guilty of Pomeroy's murder. I stayed with them nearly a year; and then tbe old wandering spirit took possession of me, and I made np my mind to come to England. I bad no set purpose in view— no definite plan in this, beyond i vague idea of coming down to By- hnret to take a look at jSt. Cuth bert's Rest, which, as part of my mother's poi tion, had fallen into my possession at her death. But Mammy had somehow got it into her simple old head that I belonged to her, and that she c^uld not possibly live without me, pindded so hard not to be deserted, that I had nor the heart to leave her behind. 4 Intensely to her delight I decided to bring he-. to England with me, and never had man a m .e faithful friend or devoted servant than she ha* been to me. Of what my lifo has been since then there is no need for me to tell Th^ie was something in the old Rest that took my fancy, and in obedience to a whim I resolved to make it my home, at least for a time. Sick of the world, and tired of my restless wander ings, I thought to find peace in its seclusion. I little dreamed at that time, of all that life held 10 store for me ! I had tasted of the bitterest draught of misery and disappointment, and I little suspected * what a fulness of happiness awaited me. 4 The greatest blessing that can befall a man in this world,' says manly, Heaven fearing Charles Kingsley, * is a good wife.' ' I quite agree with him ; and by the same rule the worst curse is a bad one. Josie, I was ft man so cursed. I have no desire to be hard on the dead ; but in sad, sorrowful truth my wife was in tbe worst sen Re a bad woman !' ' Then she is dead ?' Josie says, taking his hand between her own, with a touch that is no :e eloquent of sympathy than words. ' You iiave not told me yet how and when she died.' ' A few weeks since. Tbe news was sent , me by my old friend, St. Aubin, and Heaven 1 f »rgive me if my first thought was of you, and ! my freedom to win you if I could,' ' After our separation Lena went back to ! her old life on the stage. I heard of her i from time to time as a popular dancer ; but I never saw her from the day on.which she ceased j to bear my name. A few weeks back, however, *| the news came to roe that she had perished, ♦vith many others, in a sad fire which destroyed the theatre at Baltimore ; and the same paper contained the announcement that Sidney Pomeroy, whose supposed death had so long haunted me, was alive and well, keeping a gambling saloon in St. Louis. *4 Grieved at her death I was not, much as the terrible -manner of it shocked ine; and going up to London I put myself into telegraphic com munication with some friends in America, who Ware able to confirm both pieces of intelligence beyond all possibility of doubt. It was quite true Pomeroy was alive, my hands were free from the stain of crime, and I came back to ltyehurst, with the feeling of a man from whose Coal 6ome great incubus had been lifted. ' I was a free man— free at last to win my, darling if I could ; for in spite of myself I had earned to love you with a strength and passion I thought at first was to be the bane of my life. Had anyone told me, on the day I first came to Ryehurst, that any living woman could fjverbe to me whatyoa have become, mydarling I should have scouted the idea as preposterous. u At that time tbe very name of woman was distasteful to me : the Ryehurst gossips were not far oat when they 6et me down as a woman hater. But there was something about you, my 11 tie Josie, that took my fancy from the first — ti'mething so unlike the general ran of girls, that my attention was arrested, my curiosity ctcited, as not one woman in a thousand could hive excited it. My sole object in staying at the Best was (he .juiot it afforded me for the literary Ptndies i i .-I ui=? taken up; but yoor pleasant com j. vr.i » n ^ h i p won mc away from my love of soli tade— your tender, woinaoly sympathies, your (auk naivete rid fati^hi intelligence, .rated comforted 'me Iihad^always had a torn/for ob servation, and Ihegan to study, yen ; tbe study pleased me ae nothing else had ever done.^ ' I was never happy away from you; in# yet I did not see the rook upon whiohl was drifting until, with a sort of shook . the knowledge came to me that I loved you— I, a-taan on- whose band, as I then thought, lay the ^tain of blood ! , ' It was no longer possible to blind myself to . the truth, which .seemed likp a profanation as I thought of your ^parity and -innocenoe ; but, desperately £ts I struggled against the feeling, I could not master it. , At. times I thought of going iaway .arid trying to forget you but it was -like tearing- myself -away from^the only gleam of light that pierced the darkness of my lite 1 :? v j / - 'Then, came your visit to London, which showed me in still greater force how muoh you' were to me^how entirely my happiness was bound up in you;.and Imade up my mind when you bame back to keep away from yon as muoh as possible, for that yon could be my wife I dared not hope. - Had I loved you less I might have/thoughtof asking you to share my lot; but, Relieving all I did then, I could not do this. But all tbat, i thank Heaven, is over. I am free &\- enjoy my happiness. Henceforth not so mhoh as a shadow stands between us 1' ? * ? * * * It is ten o'clock on the morning ot the Rev. Frederick Dora's annual f6te — a warm, sunny, fragrant, summer's morning, filled with the scent of flowers and tbeaong of birds ; and the quiet, primitive little village of Ryehurst is already alive and astir with expectation of the great event. Ai the parsonage the bustle of preparation has' prevailed 'for the last two hours or more; and a couple of carts laden with flags, hampers, tressels, and deal planks, destined, in conjunc tion with the aforesaid tressels, to be converted into long dining-tables, are already on their way to the CHine woods, under the charge of thia Rev. James Muir and a detachment ot dccrepit , old men, who have been detailed off for the duty of erecting flags, building tables, and un- . loading hampers ; while in tbe parsonage par lour, awaiting the arrival of the waggonette destined to convey the party to the scene of the festivities, are the rector, his three daughters, Jack Dennison, and John Hooper, wbo has ridden over to the parsonage on his long-legged, bony old horse in time for breakfast, and Robert Jonet. , Mr. Dora—' who has been all his life accus tomed to be petted, admired, end 'dear Mr. DornM,' as handsome clergymen generally are admired, by the ladies of his congregation —in a spotless cravat and cool, broad-brimmed straw hat, donned expressly for this occasion, is look ing tbe very beau ideal of a refined and clerical old gentleman ; while the girls in their dainty, cool, lawn dresses and coquettish little sun-hats, i are making a very pretty and festive appearance | indeed. ' So much so, that Jack Dennison, whose feel ings are anything but in harmony with the occasion, is wondering in his savagely-jealous way, whether that white dress and cherry coloured ribbons of Josie's would have been quite suoh a marvel of elegant simplicity and exquisite taste if there had been no Robert Jonet present to mark the effect. ' Robert Jonet, indeed ! Pah 1 how he hates the eight of that man 1 How he detests the very sound of (his name 1 What would he give if only he dared lay the flattering unction to his soul tbat Miss Josie Dora's pretty, simple cos tume had been donned with any thought ot his approval — that it was his presence that had oalled the light to her eyes, the smiles to her lips ? But 6uch deception is no longer possible. Josie's engagement is not yet announced ; but it needs no ghost from the dead to tell him that Robert Jonet is the favoured lover, and that for him there is nothing left through all the long, dark, hopeless future, save the pain and bitter ness of his disappointment. Josie Dorn has no thought to spare for him, nor ever wiM have ; and yet, had it not been for that accursed American — who does not even do him the honour to be jealous of him in return, and who evidently looks down upon him^ with Jiis London airs of importance and superiority, with a quiet) tolerant smile that is simply ex asperating -he believes that Josie might have been bis. CHAPTER XXI. But is it not always tbe same old, sorrowful story of life, with its pains, its disappointments, and cross -purposes ? 14 The only things men covet are those they cannot reach ;'and at the very moment in which these reflections are passing through the mind of Jack Dennison. Keturah Brown, the girl with whom he has trifled and amused himself during his stay in the village, is standing before the morsel of cracked looking-glass that bangs on the bare, white-washed wall of her chamber, dressing for the fete, with but one thought in her silly, ignorant young head, and that is, what the magnificent Mr, Dennison will tbink of her to-day. Unlike Miss Josie Dorn, Keturah Brown has no faith in elegant simplicity, and if she has ever beard that ' beauty when unadorned iB adorned the most,' by no means believes in it. If a little fineTy is a good thing, a great deal, in Keturab's opinion, must be infinitely better ; and she is resolved, as she stands this morning before her glass, donning the war-paint and pre paring for conquest, to orowd on all the finery ehe can muster, and so out-do herself. Arepor-has reached ber ears that Mr. Den nison is an admirer of the youngest Miss Dorn ; but Keturah is determined, if there is any virtue in black eyes and bewitching attire, to outdis tance her rival in the race before the day is over. To be sure, the rector's daughter is a lady, and she only a poor girl ; but what of that? Fine gentlemen have been known to marry poor girls before now, and, in Keturah 's opinion, the youngest Miss Dorn is incomprehensibly re gardless of her many advantages. She only wishes she bad the same ohince of obtaining dress and finery. Wait until she has won ber rich husband (Keturah has not the remotest doubt but that the magnificent Mr. Dennison is a man of unlimited wealth) and she will 6how the Misses Dorn, and everybody elBe in foot, what splendour and elegance mean. And with a sigh of blissful anticipation, Keturah goes on with the business of the toilet. To be 6ure her dress is shabby and dirty, the skirt frayed and draggled ; bat it has been smart in its day, and is still, in its owner's opinion, in the height of the fashion -a very much more important consideration than tidi ness. Her gloves are also soiled, and out at the fingers ; she quite intended to have mended these last, but somehow a needle and Keturah never were on very good terms with each other. She hates work and trouble of any kind, and she never can think of such trifles ae these until it i3 too late ; and then, worse than all, her hat is very much the worse for wear and ill usage, the feather straight and forlorn from many and recent wettings. But she pins a bunch of faded pink and blue roses at the side of this, ties a red ribbon at her throat, and another, of a different colour, most coquettishly about her waist, in the fashion of a sash, and then, having hung an enormous pair of brass earrings in her ears, with tbe blissful conviction that these last touches of eleganoe 1 amply nompensate for all sucb minor defi ciencies as ragged boots and draggle^ skirts, surveys herself in the cracked looking-glass with as much complacent satisfaction as if her costume had come straight from Worth's. The blue roses and violet coloured sash are s:mply ravishing in Keturah's eyes; and her beauty, thus set off, so absolutely irrresi6tible, that she has no doubt whatever that before the day is over, she will have made an entire con -quest of the fine London gentleman by the side of whose splendour the attractions of her rustic beaux grow dim. If Mr. Dennison should only condescend to honour ber with his attentions to- day, what a proud and happy girl she will be ! How spiteful tbe other girls will feel ; how savagely jealous Tom Mortlock and the rest of her rustic admirers will look ! a And in this hope, Keturah is not disappointed. Jack Dennison, piqued and miserable at Josie s entire absorption in the school children and the games gotten up for theirj amusement, and to. which not only the rector and James Muir. but even heavy, phlegmatic John Hooper, and Mr. Jonet, take a kindly interest, -finding it impos sible to engross her attention even for a few minutes, is only too willing to rush into any sort distraction that offers ; and the only distrac tion that doasogeritaell 4ohim just now, Is j' poor silly, ignorant i&turfch; Brown. -2s:' 't He has no admirationforthfrgirl, no designs 1 or interest of any .kind with regard £o her.. Gay, thoughtless, fond of admiration and tbe llattery bf women's preference he i«, and has been all bi9 life ; but even at hie worst* Jack Dennison is a gentleman. There Jb nothing within him either good or evil to which this girl, who. is mere good-looking animal, can appeal. He lus drifted into the aoquaintanoe; which was merely an accident at first, through sheer idleness, jealousy, and pique. And, impelled to day by some vague, insane idea of revenging himself upon Josie, and of doing his best to make himself agreeable to the rector's humblo guests, he rushes into so pronounced a flirtation with the cottage girls in general, «nd Ketarah'Brown in particular, that *mofe^ban -me rustic admirer 'of the girls in question, seeing how bright eyes brighten and rosy cheeks grow rosier at his approach, look with anything but friendly eyes after the fine 41 Lunnon swell ' who, while engrossing the at tention of their sweethearts, looks down with, suoh a loftily condescending air Qpoii them and their homely ways. ' Who .is that-^uUen-looking young felLw leaning against the tree stump over there, my dear? What a singularly dark and dangerous face t' Robert Jonet remarks, coming up, with a thoughtful expression qf countenance in tbe course of the afternoon, to the side of the youngest Miss Dorn, who is just now the centre of ft noisy-and excited .group of juveniles who are in the height of a game of blind man's buff. 41 1 mean that rather loutish-looking fellow in the velveteen coat and skj-blue necktie.' ' Loutish-looking? R»al)y, Robert, that is too had 1' Josie replies, with a slight grimace. 4 His name is Tom Mortlack ; and I always thought him ratlier.a swell in hia way. He is quite the beau' of tho vill-ge, let me tell you, and the adtairation of all the servant girls for miles around*' ' I beg his pardon, I'm sore 1 But not being a servant girl, I confess to not being very keenly alive to his perfections. Still, if you set him up for a rustic ApolM, my dear, I am -w King to respect him as * sich !' 11 Thanks; but I don't set him up for an Apollo,' she laughs, ' although I think him a good-looking young fellow enough for his class. You forget what disadvantages of dress men like Tom Mortlock labour under. A country tailor would make a fright of Adonis, or Jack Dennison even. ,c That is true,' he assents. ** I don't know how it might have been in primitive times ; but m these modern days there can he no doubt but that the tailor has as muoh to do with the difference between the ploughman and the prince as ever Nature had. It is a humiliating fact, but ma*i oertainly is a g-»od deal what his tailor makes him.' ' Some men, youm^an,' Miss Dorn interposes. 'But I think that men who are entirely at the mercy of their tailor are simply despicable. Dress and finery are a woman's province, and men have no business to attempt to rival us.' 4 He must be a bold man who does attempt it.' 41 Besides, I am not at all certain that fine clothes are any real improvement to men,' she adds, rather loftily. 41 You think us too hopelessly u^ly for even dress to have any beneficial effcct -eh?' «? I think that 4 somebody' whom I know would look quite as well in anything, as most other folks would look in one ot Poo'e oi Stultz' greatest triumphs,' she returns, with h sudden Hash of ineffable love and admiration in the pretty dark eyes that are lifted for one brief, half-shy, half-mischievous glance to his f:tce. 4« Oh ! so it's a complimcnt after nlll ' he laughs, immensely gratified by this remarkable bit of feminine logic. 41 Thanks, my love, toi your very flattering opinion,' lie adds; and, drawing her hand through his arm they stroll off through the leafy woodland paths for a quiet half-hour by themselves. Robert, gallant and full of tender, lover-like devotion, and Josie, happy, content, and conscious, down to the very tips of her fingers, of ber beauty and charm of pleasing. (To be continued in Wednesday's istue.) 