THE NETHERLANDS AND PROTESTANTISM. AN ADDRESS TO QUEEN WILHELMINA. KIAMA, Saturday. — The Rev. J. uurgess nus received a souvenir of a unique historical event. It Is a photographic copy of the address presented to the Queen of Holland from the "Alliance of Reformed unurciies noiuiw« mu xiuju/iwuan Byatom." Tho address, which was draftod in 1899, but only presented In April last, wus signed by the Moderators of the Presbyterian Churches throughout Europe, Asia, Africa, America, and Australasia, Mr. Burgess having appended his name on behalf of the Church In Now South Wales. Both the Quoen and Queen-Mother wero highly gratified at tho remembranoo of tho early kindnesses of their ancestors to the Church of the Reformation in tho time of persecution, and they were greatly interested in the list of tho Churches in tho Alllanco, as shown by tho sig natures of tho Moderators, and also by tho man ner in which these Churches are spread all ovor the world. The oddross la as follows:— "May It please your Majesty, wo, tho undersigned, repre senting the Presbyterian Churches throughout tho world, approach your Majesty with profound respect to offer our congratulations on your Majesty's accession to the throno of the Nether lands. To your Majesty's ancostora of tho House of Orange, and to tho poople of your land, tlio Presbyterian branches of tho Roformoil Church aT9 under obligations never to bo forgotten. In tho troubled period following tlio Reformation It was to the Netherlands that tho Huguenots of Franco, tho Waldensoa of Italy, the Covenanters of Scotland, and the Puritans of England, with many others, fled for relief from the persecution under which they suffered in their own lands. Your people received tho refugoes with all Chrls- tinn affection, making provision for their necessi ties and allowing Ik am perfect froodom to wor ship God; while your princes became tlieir pro-,, toctors against overy foreign Power that sought to do them harm. Since that period, and owing Iargoly to the help and protection then so freoly given, tlio Prosbytorian Church lias, under tho blessing of God, spread Into many a land. In these It has prospered greatly, until the aggro- gate membership of Its different branches amounts at present to some twemty-flvo millions of souls. Different as are tho languages that these millions employ, yet they rero all ono In their faith, their hopo, their lovo, and lu tholr constant activity to advance tlio glory and en large tholr Kingdom of tho Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. Gratefully recalling this Indebtedness of our fathers, wo gladly acknowledge the boneflts that havo theroby resulted to ourselves, and humbly claiming your Majesty as a member of the Presbyterian household, venture on this happy occasion, anil, speaking on behalf of tho numerous Churches wo represent, to express tho deep gratification we fool at the signal honor which God and your people have oonforred upon your Majesty and on your Majesty's royal house. We pray that Almighty God. our Father ill Heaven, may long continue to enrich your Majes ty with the blessings of Ills grace and favor; that Ho may grant you a long and happy reign over oil attached and prosperous people, enabling you as a Christian sovereign ever to advance the ln- terets of that Kingdom which is righteousness, peace, and Joy In the Holy Ghost, and that when the days of your earthly rolgn have onded Ho may bestow upon you that crown of righteous- seas which fadeth not away." 