UGITIVE NOTES ON WAR MATTERS. t o l i c [From our Special Correspondent.] i l LONDON, February 16. m L A SOCIETY AMATEUR PERFORMANCE. " A most brilliant amateur performance ook place this week at Her Majesty's heatre in aid of the War Fund, and it as & magnificent financial as well as social uccess, the proceeds being • £6,500. The ntertainment was organized by Mrs. Arhur Paget, and, with the assistance of any ladies and gentlemen well known in ociety, she succeeded in giving an evenng's pleasure that has been the talk of mart circles ever since. Royalty was very argely represented, the Prince and Priness of Wales, Princess Victoria, the Duke nd Duchess of Connaught, Princess ouise, the Duke of Cambridge, and Prince nd Princess Louis • of Battenburg being present. The prices of tlieCseats ranged rom haif a guinea to-^-in some cases—con- m e aa v t d t s w A SsCaf siderably over ten guineas for specially favoured maces. Programmes were sold at 5s. each, and refreshments were correspondingly dear. The programme opened wfth "Ihe Maeque of Fair Women," and these tableaux included "The Gleaners" (after Millet), "The Request of Queen Esther to the King" (Goodall, R.A.), "The Meeting of the Duke and Duchess of Marl borough after Ramfllies" (Ernest Crofts, R.A.), and "The Icew Beauties: The Misses Gunning in the Mall" (Arthur Hacker, A.R.A.). Each tableau was shown several times,- with slight alterations the posing. "The Masque of War and Peace" follbwed, showing Father Thames on the banks at Windsor, receiving obeisance from his choral tributaries. Glory, Victory, Mercy, Pity, and Rumour, all appeared in appropriate and 'tasteful array, and Viscount Newport rendered some stirring patriotic lilies with good effect. Miss Muriel Wilson next appeared in the character of Peace, and a grand chorus ended that part -of the performance. Then followed a patriotic representation of Great Britain, "her Colonies, and Dependencies, Great Britain and Ireland being symbolized by the Countess of Westmoreland. Sir Arthur Sullivan, conducted the orchestra in has original mnsic.to the scene, the various crack Guilds' bands rendering the compositions in splendid style. After this came supper at Prince's, in Piccadilly. The Directors gave the repast as a contribution to the fund, and two guineas a ticket was charged. The performers came in their fancy costumes, and the scene in the brilliantly lighted and magnificent hall -was a sight to remember. Flags and martial emblems entertwining flowers and wreaths and festoons of green made up a gorgeous blend .of bewildering beauty. At the Prince cf Wales's tabic ithe fun was real," everybody being very merry. The twenty happyguests included some of the ineffable names of England. The other tables -entertained parties numbering from eighteen down to four. Lady Violet Brassay had a party of si*. , DUE TO THE WAB. Sir Franklin Lugliington, the well- known. Magistrate, was connected by marriage with the iate Loni Tennyson, and it is fitting that he should be a lover of the Muses. In the long-ago days of the Crimea he and his brother published a book of verses. Most of these have again been placed before the public under the title of "Wagers of Battle," the volume being brought up lb' date by stanzas on recent events, in one of which the poet Magistrate expresses:— Thanks for valour of daughter nations, happy to pre® where their mother strives; Eager to aid her, eager to shield her, loyally lending love and lives. And others conclude:— Hail, Australia! welcome Canada! Greater Britain all round the wave. Fight one fight and cany one banner, plant it firm on tyranny's-grave! Weld our kinship into Empire—Empire based cn the one true plan. Freemen's rights and freemen's justice broadening still between man and nun; Honestly wrought for, fearlessly fought: for, spreading o'er flan d and spread over sea, Empire—born of a stern death- struggle, christened in blocd of the brave and the free. Another of the poems, which runs:— 'Mid the tears of wives and mothers, and the prayers of many others, And the cheering of their brothers they are marching to the war. reminds me of an incident In a railway carriage one evening this week. When the train stopped at Leicester on its way to London there was a commotion on the platform, and cries of "Arthur!" "Where's Arthur? "Come along, Arthur!" "Good- P". Arthur!" till I was forced from my hail-slumber in a quiet corner to witness a pamfui scene. A soldier got in, and his mends—most of them women—bade him farewell at the carriage window, kissing him m turns over and over again "Don't Af™^! ' one would say with a burst of grief that followed the passage opened by the words. Then there was a sound of passionate kissing, and Arthur made no pretence of hiding his tears. "You'll come back to us, -won't you, dear?" asked -another with that inconsequent inanity that marks extreme grief, as he thrust his arm= out of the carriage window and held h^r for a moment. "Stand rack!" said the The engine whistled, the train began to move, bearing Arthur away, perhaps for ever, and still two women wlio remained ould not tear themselves from him. They to the footboard for some yards and ' H him finally with awful intensity thev ! 2 ditZld off an3 stood on the tile train go out into the black 1 Arthur huddled himseSf in his cor-1 ner, eotrtxmg. We gave him a cup of tea with as few words and as fetid-heart-1 d unconcern as could be shammed at short | otice. Be took the tea. and it, pas- o OsAc a l J NwSGGEsAFSSSvd s^l^th^s. teSy^h* ever and wherever he may be. ' THE SOLDIER'S GHOST. Here is a nice creepy rtorv for lovers of gbost yarns. A labourer who was a reservist, left his native town in Essex for the front He was an occasional customer at the village hostelry, where his face and form were quite familiar to the potman. Last week tins potman was passing one of the room? when he thought he saw somebodv seated there. He looked in, and there was S 6 if 6 *^?* 1 ' sitting alone at the table. Hullo. Bill, my boy," says the potman. "I thought you wuz at the wars. Wait a minute; 1 11 come in and have a pitch." He, the potman aforesaid, then threw away some water he was carrying, and came back to the room. But when lie got there the lac-c was all bare, for poor old William Ead gone. He could not have got out by the door without passing the potman. Now, Bill liad a cousin, who was fond of Bill, and he, the cousin, came to the hotel two days later with a newspaper in his hand. '"What ho!" says the potman, "how's the war get tin" on?" "Not too well," says the eou∈, "Bill's been killed at Spion Kop." '"Then I see his ghost in that there room o' Toosday night!" says the potman, and he told the story. So an evening paper says, and it further remarks that the ptffenian' suddenly left the village. Which village? Well, the evening paper does not sav. It is willing to do all it can to provide matter hat the public like to read, but it does not exist for the purpose of answering inquisitive questions. And it tells the story very well, with much sincerity and several convincing words, such as ''wraith" and "m\sterious visitor." A BIVAL OF THE POET LAUBEATK. There is a poet here known as "Spring Onions." His real name is supposed to be Mr. Williams. Aforetime he was a frequent visitor at the Police Courts to answer charges preferred against him b» the officers of our Lady the ijueen. To-day he stands before the world a regenerated man —a. brand plucked from the burning, now ready'to speak for her against whose peace he has so often offended. He devotes his moments to the kindling of incense at the Muses' flame. TTiin omen is slightly off in his scansion, but his heart is right: He recently addressed a poem to the Prince of Wales, which said:— Bab? bow some creatures in & far- off land Can be £o brutal, so unmanned, for the "life of me I car.'t understand; They've raised my ire, I'll-vent my spleen, On them, the rogues, to insult my Queen. nd this letter went with the lines:— Your Boyal Highness—Please be not overmuch surprised at my audacity in forwarding a copy of the following verses to yourself and your highly esteemed (beloved by all) lady, the Princess of Wales. . . . . During the Crimean War I were in lie Woolich Division of Hoval Marines, and were one of the guard-of-lionour to your much-belorcd father he Prince Consort, to Her Gracious Majesty the Queen your royal mother, and to your dear departed sister, who was then with thcili, at Woolwich during the visit of Victor Emanuel, the King of Sardinia.; nd 1, knowing how your Boyal Highness muse be deeply affected by the present sad state of ffairs at the Cape, liavc akea this great liberty ith a heart full of love, notwithstanding mv wn past ead career since leaving the service. In order to provoke a smile, and that you might ot be swallowed up through overmuch grief, I end you this. Please, ycur Royal Highness, exuse my impudence and my ignorance. I would ost willingly die for you. he bard has received a polite acknowfedg- i ent from the Prince's Private Secretary,; nd now he is hippy. ACTRESSES HELPING THE CAUSE. The "unco guid" of New York do not ike Mrs. Langtiy. The Women's Chrisian Temperance Union set the police on er amateur- barmaids, who were serving ea and refreshments at her bazaar in aid f the War fund. These guardians of the aw. were assured that the Act was being h o nfringed b3 r the unlawful sale of intoxiants. They were much disgusted on findng nothing but leaves—tea-leaves. The s ovely lily of Jersey is trying to gain adission to the .Professional' Women's eague, whose membership is largely a ake-up of actresses, but advices say the nemy is strongly entrenched against her, nd it is improbable tiiat she will effect n entrance. f m b tp s faMss THE SUPPOSED SPIES. The brothers, 3Iiles and Stephen Buck, olunteers who were lately arrested on a ransport on suspicion as Boer spies, are efended by their father from the impuation. He -says they are true Mid loyal S"MMwtdC » ubjects of the Queen—Lancashire lads, ho have lived twenty years in South frica. They were ready to enlist in the outh African Light Horse, but he peruaded them to come to England for the hristmas family gathering. Another man lso vouches for their loyalty and good aith as soldiers of the Queen. 