A GLIMPSE AT THE PAST. At the A.N.A. meeting on Thursday, 19th inst., a most interesting and enter taining lecture was delivered by Mr. A. W. Howitt, F.G.S., on. Australian ex plorations, and froma the outset he was attentively listened to. The lecture took more of the form of his personal experi ences in seeking to find the lost ex plorers, Burke and Wills. He told how in the fifties there was a strong desire by many to take up large runs for cattle stations, etc., and that he himself had an idea in that direction when this party was formed to explore the central portion of Australasia. He graphically described the course of their journey to Cooper's Creek, and the many incidents that happened to him as the leader of the rescue party. A great part of the journey was at times perilous, and the country showed signs of long continued drought, the greatest scarcity of water prevailed. An incident occurred in such country how one of the blacks, who had been travelling with them, cleared ,off and left him lamenting the loss of his water bottles. In speaking of the natural state of the Aborigines, one who had never seen a horse before was stand. ing admiring it when suddenly the animal neighed, and Mr. Blackfellow took himself up in a tree in an amazingly short space of time, and he would not come down again till they had gone on. Their gesture signs as to the road the explorers had travelled to him, at that time, was unintelligible. Had he under stood their meaning it would have saved much time in rescuing King who, when they had found him, was so much emaciated as to be almost unrecognis able. They could hardly tell whether he was black or white, but under careful treatment he soon regained strength, so much so that a party of women were surprised at his appearance whom they met by the way. There was one thing tihe lecturer said he could not understand how Burke came to die of starvation, for there were plenty of fish in the stream near where he found him, and they had with them tackle, etc. A mis hap occurred on the way up which caused some delay. Horses having a natural dislike to camels, when the party came up to the Humbacks, they stampeded and it was something like 90 miles be fore they overtook them. The keeness of the senses of the blacks was alluded to, and an instance was given how, at one part of the journey, his black boy called his attention, saying that-there was a fire in a clump of timber ahead, and sure enough when they got to the place-there they found a-black and his woman sitting round a few embers of cross sticks, where they had cooked a fisth, the wind evidently carrying the scent to such a distance. He thought Burke's treatment in firing over the heads of the blacks to frighten them was not wise. He proved that kind treatment was the best, as having at no time treated them harshly they revered him and thought he was supernatural, nnd named him the white ghost. His black boy (Charlie) was loth to part company, and languidly departed carry ing with him clothing and souvenirs and a letter of recommendation to any who might need his services in after life. His second trip was not so event ful; he instanced how the Aborignes seemed to know that, after he took up the remains of Burke and Wills, he would not come back to their country. The arrival in Melbourne after months of travel, concluded the lecture. A hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Howitt was given with great applause, and in reply he said it was a mental picture to look back on the visits of the past, and he was pleased that to the native born he could be of any help- to them, as he loved the land of his adoption. 