CHAPTER XII ..: -A day or two afteri.this a inote comes to .me from LMrs: Liddell, 'inviting ,me up to Bramble Hall for a few days. ;It is written in a large scratchy hand;ion: paper stamped with the Liddel cresti'.:: S.'I don't thiik I stsall go,'I say, showing the note to Judith. ;::-.": :' .' But wouldn't it.bhoa pity' to offend the old Woman'? 'Mis's Floming.u ggests sag .aciously:. '`You:know it is only for- a few days, even if it is dull.: I would much l ather stay w.here I .am, I answer candidly. I".' did think:. I, should like poking about among their old curios ities and lookig ',at the old l.books' andn :pictures, but I don't seem to care about it now.' ' I wish' she had invited me,. too,': , Judith says-"but I don't' half believe :her.:: : ' I wish she had-it would .he' some` fuin, then. 'I -don't think "I: shall .go,; Judith: Why should I, when I would. much' rather slay at home? -" You must go. ': Run away:? and .pu~t on your things, and don't forget us, :like .Kl meny',when the-fairies carried her off.' Judith's advice prevails-also the mem ory of the dreamy old house, of the sunny; ,terrace, of the mossy alley under the- dam sbn-trees ; and I depart to pack my valise and answer Mrs. Liddel's note. Mr. Eden has gone for a cruise -round the coast-in the revenue cutter, which makes Judith the more willing to spai'e me just now.: She also sees : more of Ludlow : resson at the farm, the - Saucy, Kate riot having left her moorings since :our sail round Hove. Head. Perhaps',this `latter. fact accounts for my. reluctance to leave Seafield ;.but, if so, I do not confess it?ven to myself. 7-While I put mythiuiig togetheor I comfort myself with. the r?fleotion that \- nothing.can happen while I anm 'away `to destroy the oven tenor: of our ways, or Sbhinge existing relationiships at the- farm.i . So I reason blindly, and darefully ,fold; my pretty white. grenadino--.which:; I have never yet. had an opportunity of." wearing:-. and select the freshest .'of my cambric` \- dresses and a favourite blue. muslin; anud two or thrqo ribbons for my .hai, and lay them all circumspectly in my valise, :nhum ming my old refrain- - \- "The dew lied'in the wood, Dog las, The wind blows 'on the lea I An' when I gan to the:Liddel bowoer -=":':, .. It shall not be wi thbo, I. At four o'clock the Bramble Hall carriage comes for, mo, driven by a-. whlite headed coaioliemnd in tarnished "livery, and drawn- by two soberilong-tailed black liorses, which I discover afterwards aire known ,ras the 'colts,' though their period: if colthood must boa thing of the long past. In" this ' . mouldy-smolling vohiulo, lined and padded with -drab,- cloth, I step ,.with becoming dignity and- without the ghost of a:smile- o:n my face, though Judith and I have laughed ourselves almost ill, looking at it from, the 'window. But not for worlds would I hurt old Gwilt's feelings, who :with a stately deference holds the door open for me. ' And so I drive away in State from Seafiold 'Farm, whileJudith stands in the parlour 'window waving her handkerchief, and Alice in the window' above, looking down a little sadly at me or at my funeral equip age. We drive down'the avenue and on to the road, bat, instead of turning down towards the shore, we take a ..turn inland, leaving the Bend and" its sandy hills; to the left. In about twenty minutes we reach" the shadow of Bramble wdod, and drive through very wide and low gates with the- Liddel crest carved in stouo -capping each of the six granite pillars in the semicircle. Those admit us into a gloomy .drive almost as dark as the crypt of a cathedral, so crowd ed are the trees on each side, and so dense is'the roof of leaves and branches over-. head. A quarter of a imile of this brings us out close to the terrace, and. wve drive up a slope, antiso into the courtyard or quad rangle. I find Mrs. Liddel in the Great Drawing room, and with her a very tall and" grace ful woman with a pale complexion and. a pair of fine dark eyes.' She looks to me like an old picture, in her close-fitting dress of black velvet,, with cuffs of embroidered laen' reaching to 'her-elbow, and. deep square collar. -She does not look very youing--I sbould.think she must be at least thirty-but cream- coleur is very fast .tint, and shemay be even older.- But from the first her pale intellectual face, the inde finable grace bf her manner, the clear com prehensive-look of her dark eyes, even the rather cynical smile on her lips, completely fascinate me. When I am ushered into the room, she'is looking up at one: of the pic-. tures, standing her graceful height before it;, with tle straight soft folds of her velvet dress trailing on the carpet. She turns the moment she.' hears me, letting her. hand, with the littleivory lorguettee in it, drop to her side. .; ' Cecil, this is my little friend Miss Des monde. Miss Desmonde-myi cousin Lads Cecil Pierrepont.' Lady -Cecil ,Pierrepont does not try "to annihilate me by the freezing coldness :of my, reception ; on the contrary, the clasp' of the firm warm hand is cordial, if unfamiliar. Half-an hour afterwards we are drinking tea sociably together'in one of the windows, sitting in: the beautiful old carved chairts, with curious cups of old. blue china in ouri hanids. M?rs. Liddel does not remain ii. the room all. the time- she has a restless way. of com ing in and goinglout, 'never seeming : satis= fled .or at her. ease. " 'I very soon discover 'to what I am indebted for ,the: honour. of this invitation.'- MiZrs. Liddel ' thought. it would. be dull for Lady Ceoil, and too great a risk upon herself,t unless she had some' young person to keep her comprany, and 'do she 'in vitod rme; The knowledge does: nott; affect me much. Now that I am'hore,' rdare say -I shlall manage to amuse myself very: well, .There; is something in the old-fashioned stateliness of- the place,i foimal, as - it . is,' which is very pleasant -mucli more pleasant than dining at twelve o'clolck in: a kitchen, wihbout any .at eempt, at" refinement . Not -that I would object' t ,ounghing it a little- that in itself I r.l ays enjoy; but roughing it with Orll. Gresson's wet-blankot face' at the table is a little too much of.a good thing. If one can't laugh at: the strange appoint ments, or at the scarcity of appointments -df 'anyrkind, where's the fun of :it ?:;' I must say I Can t see any fun in it:at all Lady Cecil Pierropont is not a silent per son' Leaniing with languid grace -against her rod velvet cushions--where her head looks like one of Giorgione's pictniures she tells me how'vtired she has grownof: London and of :life in general, and seems to have used, up -amusement enough :for three or four ordinary lives;'without benefitinn.much thereby. :. She i?as ' riuked at .Princo's, danced at.the Guildhall, cantored. down'- the Lady's Mile,' sat' out cricket- matches it Lord's and .slaughters ofpigeons at;Hurling had; she has hunted ':and croqueted and -played lawn-tennis w- th! swells ":liose names are historical ; she has' travelled: is Switzeiland,in Not way, in Egiypt - she has gone dowin the Rhine and the Danube. . She has heard Patti and. Titiens, she :has 'seeoon Dore's pictures, she has ." done "_ _ every picturte-gallery worth seeing in.: the: world. and 'heard every opera worth: hearing; .and she seems .to. :me to : have found. them all vanity and'. vexation of spirit: She, does .not say so to me in so :many words, but-.' I caii'see that ~!all the. beauty -.and glory of, these' things have tiurncd,: like ,Dead-Sea apples,'to'ashes ini her. monuth.. 'Since she has taken her pleasure so s-dly, :I scarcely envy her; :but--jsjust fancy-to have -seen the Pyranmids -to have been. nearly ito the summit of Mount t Blanc,- to have spent winters in .Cairo and summers in Scotland \--to have been at V?enie for the Carnival and at Rome for Easter-to haveiro gone .in a yacht to CorIu and up the Til in a daha beah .One of thliese wonderful tliings would haive been enough to maken me feel colebrkatid for the rest of my days. .I think she is pleased to have found such an attentivel listener, for !.she ,trkos the tiouble 'to amuse me 'in .this -way for moire than an.r, houvi" Sheihasblieen three or :our, days a t Bie;mbloe Hall, andI. won0der hoow slihe an enidhre its siaimeneiss aftoer siuch nuch betterf things .She cimin6 hel e from Hiiowglen -theirplace near Ourton..: ; -'You'litve close to this, do yioiu ot ?i' Lady Cecil.' asks.. . -' I am' stayirg close .to this,: i at: Seafiold ::'Oh, indeed. "I think I remomber it. Biut it is ten:years since ~ vis ther?o.:;:::: * So bun' as that? . Quiteias long- it seedms ;stiuange,i does i niot, anid .Hoiwglen scarc~i twionty miles away. Buitwe hoave been ait Howglen voiey little I may say, scarcely evei of l:,te. Have. yoI -:o: Is ifatapretty plaeo ? 'iNot pretty exaetly,: You idmus inanago to see it. iPerhapis we could trideover theire somI day . ad 5comi ak kby .tiaiij'to ; riti. i SNo, I live' n Ireland? \-- Oh ,indeed I -loolking at me wiith iore intoroest.::-' I weiont to Killarnoy somo years a1go with a party 'of fiends, antd. spont: a moiithn.there .at the hotel: Thie lakes are protty, bit. it'seoines to bo always raininng Sthere; :And tons caniot move wiithont..om-, ing inito coontant 'witha liaoneymoon i but it is almost as bad in Switzorliihd.': Lady Cecil shiugs her sh'ouldeis, bt' I wonder if it'is from ohoico.or neoessity that she has noti gonue nver;to thb'deapised ·majori' ity, : Sho.must be .thliry or more,' and very few wominen remain spinsters till -tliiry o-F their oWi free will, Some vnage remem brance of dhints thrown ou~t by Mrs Liddelat breakfast o·ie morning come baiok to ..nie -as L look at Lady Cecil Pierrepont-some re. I proach she had addressdd to her son withl ieaesrd to this lady. ,It was with'her for. - .-nne that, Mrs` Liddel proposed to fill th.i empty coffers of her house; it was her w'honi he denied having ill-treated as a girl-and I wonder if Mrs Liddel is likely to ca:ry out c her plan in regard-to'his lady and her son. Nobody lhas mentioned .~r Liddel's name siuce I came into the. house. I do not know wihether he is at home or notb; he may even be thousands of miles away. :.I had felt some 'undefined 'feeling of pleasure at the idea of meeting him again. The melancholy visaged master of - Liddel had interested me more than I .was aware; I know that, now ] there seems'no probability of my seeing him again. His manners' and his .cynical dis beliefs have so worked upon my imagination that I look upon him more as some hero in a romance than as a living human being." - Wee dine in the Paradise.ERoom it eight, old'Gwilt attending on the table. The little boy dines with :us. ". Lady Cecil takes ino notice of him,and his grandmother foolishly :ries fo.hnmour him, thereby making his ill humour considerably worse. ' He has no compaaions of his own age,' she says deprecatingly, ' and he grows tired of his own company.' ' He must find it very lonely without any playfellows,' I assent. 'It was just the same when my son was a boy.: But he always liked to have friends here for shooting arid lhunting. - And. yen used to ride with them, Cecil. One day you all rode over to Howglen and back.' -' I remember it very well, Lady Cecil says in: a slow dr-army.way. ` We rode over _the hills, and my horse lost a shoe, and we -had to stop at a forgo to get it on again, and wo thought it great fun. What fools we were in those days. Yeat the remembrar ce of' the folly softens her -dark eyes and brings a less cynical curve to her lips' It happened' more that ten years ago, and yetit can change her' face like this. I can read the ' signs of love ' and I know that .lady Cecil was in love with one or other of'her companions on the day she took that ride over the hills to HIowglen. Which of them it was I am inot prepared to. say,.but I think, from hints his mother- has let drop, that it '-was hadi cousin Rous. Whiether the love .till.holds oi not is another thing. :I myself believe that, love can die outt.u ttorly ; but then I am not a'very good Saiuthority, having never beeu iii love. - I 'Aftor.dinner we go back lo.tho: drawing I. room;iwhero'tliereois afire burning," though it is the. first week in June. "But even in' June these old rooms would be chilly : with out fires : arid, though'we do .not get near :it; but sit about the winddws, it:is pleasant to look at it somotimes.. =It is nine, o'clock siow; and 'over the :woods the moon is ris 1 ing-L- can fancy the, track of trembling :glory she is throwing, across the sea, "and Show.beautifal it looks firom the cliifs over ,Horse-sh'oe Bay. I wonder: what Alice and Judith are doing,. and whliether" Ludlow is' with them. I have begoru tothiunk, great deal of Ludlow. Grosson: :'I find myself E musing abouthim' veriy pften aind I also find that my musings are miuch- the pleas antest occupation I have found since I came ' tothe fairm. jWhether they gwill- prove to . be piofitable or :very, much the reverse - re mains to be seen. .WVben I am in his actual "company, I don't caie 'nearly so muli about tlhim as I do when lie is absent, nor does he 1 trouble himself about me apparoently. Onl 3 on that one day:in the yacht had hle seemed :to thorourghly.take in 'at least thoe fact of 3 my presence; but I think. that on' shadow of flirtations-if it could be called. even a shadowh-bas made me wish for "the reality mor:olthan ever. Why should not: L±dlow. 3 and I amuse ourselves by 'playing '-at: love t making as woll :k' Miss Fleming and` her. sailor ? ..'. Why,; indeed, - except thlat:' Mr i IGressoun does notohoose to" make a:foot of Sbhirhself,' as Iie once :more thian hinted,' or i let me make a fool of him,' as .he probably ?eadnt moe to understand ? :'While the moon niwises oy.ow d'veir.the dark"' woods, anud.Lady ;Cecil.-tolls me of: moonlit sledge-iides at Bucharest, of. Russian "drivers dressedl in black or azure .velvet, 'trimmed with 'the I most beautiful, furs, of sledges lined with. 1:velvet anid homses caparisoiled with -velvet Sand: gold and silver emnbroidery, of the rapid S:rush .over the glittering snow, I am .think e inug of three people' drinking out of tin mugs Son the deck of a little yacht, of a stupelondous frow~ning hill-throwing a deep 'green 'sha dew on- the water,; and:.of a paii of diark blue eyes and a sunburnt face which Lady' Cecil :Pierrepont does- not know. .', 'IIsupposo Rous will be'back tormoi:oiv,' 1 rMrs Liddel remark itt: ta time. ','-Te':did I niot intend to i' omaii over 'a week in- Len? ' Ie said so mething about a week, LadyI I Ceil says iudifferintly playingwt h 'ill itor I tea spoon ".. ' GI Wilt'has: carried"' iii the antique brass. dcandelabnra. ?id l:ighted :the "wax candles, and I look at Lady Cecil wvith some cur iosity i-But it would talke a keonet:r studeii?t of human nature ?than Eileeo Desinonde'- to read that pale insorutiale face. Wlhiatever. Lidy Ccoil Piernrepent choosen to hold in. the cliambers-of her :silent soail she w.ill hold there in spitb of my childisli attempt to dis-: .cover 'it. Sohe will .not betray heinlnal by: allowving hcr .codinploxion' to nlter like 'a school-girl's at the mere mention of aniamoe. :Just one'little clue she gave mo, rnd i':tliht S?vas the very;inidiffeenne eof hli. tone .when: she spoke of her cousin. : ''Trifles light~ 'as air aro somotinies confirmation stolng,' and ithoso fo@ or~dods? thfis- spoken -, go?,i fart :t14i 'wards contradibtiiig the' studied impassivo mess of: hoe faeo, ,'-?. .%;· ,.: 6 :. S;Aftei ,thea e~read till bed-time,; Mrisfiddel: fiudiig sonmob liteo 'nimbers of Templio Bar: for me, a.?rnd.Lady :Ceoil amusing hoi'selE Swith l anu ild" bbok of mainusc?ipt poeotry :coimpiled by' some dead-and gno nlady of tlio house of Liddel-who had a faucy that :wany. Itisathei; r 'dull, but 'I am so glad to hear ;tha? ?nr .Liddol is coming back again: that I Im?nage to. endure the dulness. Nlo that in all probinbility hle will bestow munch :ittoi tion upon.mo;e, but that I did not expoct. His consin is oxactly the kind of ivo?nflI fnioced lie :would lilke love?F,: fnisoinatini, initellbolual, 'plaini-if it ovei attracted a man wooatld attiract hiin for ever-a ,womaen in: lwhose sooiety : m'anw-nouild, never feel borod; Buitoydin :if :I hm cohbmpilled to play daisy?. piokoer againl hoe, it wiill be more fun :than readifi-g odd nuimbers oF.'' Temple Ban'; i'and .who kndws wha tyvaluable hints in the ari. ofO fnsiiin'atidn"i niight pick up friin watching iLady Ceoil :Pierropont? IF ovoryattitude ashi tabs is :a sttiudy,:if, overy turna of-her healid -suini anat,: how m?ioh :morm aro hor i wordi and phasdes and;the .subtile ilifilatios' of her aristocratic voice P Beside her I feel a half-taeght and snarcely half- disciplined schoolgirl, loud-voiced, awkward, without a Word to say for myse.f. After a wvhile this morbid distrust of my-' self wears off; but I am afraid I do:not put on maich of Lady Ccil Pierrepont's ciquis ito savoir faire.. 