municipal'~government To say th a t the eitiaens of H o b art are intensely anxious to as certain the tru th in regard to the W aterw orks D epartm ent of th e Oity Gonnoil would be expressing, in th e mildest possible m anner, th e prevailing sentiment. They know th a t som e­ thing has happened the nature and extent of which is very much more aariooB and costly than eith er the A lderm en o r Oivio officers were aw are, b u t neither they nor anyone else appears to know w hat is proposed to be done. Tho Oity Engineer, in th e first inatanc*, reported th a t defects had been discovered in (he n p p er reservoir, and th at tb e oost of effeeting th e repairs would be abont £ 5000. Tbe obsnees are th a t this rep o rt would h a re been adopted and the expenditure sane tiound b u t for tb e foresight of Mr. BxNJAJdin, who desired th a t expert advice should be tak^n before any outlay was inonrred. This suggestion was bo em inently praC'ioal th a t the autocratic ridicole a t first bestowed upon i t ceasod, and the esrvieei of Mr. T h w aitib , Engineer to the M etropolitan Board of W orks, M elbonrne, w ere obtained. That gentlem an has m ad e a report, founded upon his exam ination of the works, b ut th e docum ent h a s been ingested with all tbe im portance ef a vice-regal speech proposing alterations in the ineidenoe of tax atio n and the most streanous effort* have been m ade to ksep i t dark. T b e alderm an, who were k indly allowed to peruse it, have been bound to seerecy, indeed, they were not perm itted to retain a copy of the docum ent iu their possession and tb e Oivio official* are, to ad o p t Mr G. H . B kiu's favorite expression, “ as close aa sealed oyster*.” T his eeorecy may not have been actually commanded, but it h a s been earnestly requested, and i t h as been maintained inviolate. It is know o, however, that the Melbourne e x p e rt took a much more serioas view of tbe eitnation than the Oity E ngineer did, and that he estim ated tbe cost of effecting repairs a t a much larger sum. Tbrrp has been w bat ia technically termed “ a creep ” in th e earthw orks a t tbo re se rv o ir; in fact, the “ oreep ” ii going on still, and i t wonld be absolutely nnBsfe to fill it w ith water. F or th e present tb e requirem ents of the citiseos can be m et by bringing the w ater from G entle A nnie Falls to tho lower sto rage reservoir, but this w onld be w holly inadequate to meet th e requirem ents during tbe enmmer season. I t ia d ear, therefore, th at p rom pt action mnat be taken, and it is also abundantly clear that, w hether a better scheme is adopted io tbe near future o r not, the present w rctohed system m o st be patched np onee m ore in order to avert a w ater famine in the early p a rt of n ext year. I t is believed th a t if the work iB commenced w ithout d elay it oan be completed by C hristm as, and it ia also stated th a t if the “ filling in ” ia done aa the w ork prooeeds w ater m ay be stored in increasing quantities in the reservoir w ithout risk. T b a oost a t tbe very lowest estim ate, w ill be £ 10,000, b ut it w ill probably be con siderably greater, a n d tbia can only be obtained by raisin g ao o tb er loan. More d ebt and additional taxation loom largely in th e n ear future, and the unsatisfactory p a r t of tbe whole bnsini ss ia that both are tbe re sa lt of stupidity. If the new debt represeated an expenditure on a system of m unicipal lighting o r tram s it ooold, perhaps, be subm itted to with eqaaniuiity, because there w onld be the prospect th a t sn eh services wonld be revenue-earning and eventually sonroes of profit, b u t snob, unfortoately, is not the oase in the present instance. The m oney will be spent to patch a systom w hich ii notoriously insufficient for th e reqnirem ents of tbe people and to ato n e fur the errors of tbe p ast. I t m atters not to ua which particnlar s e t of Aldermen happened to be in authority when the n pper reservoir was coustrocted, for the Corporation has an oobrnken existence, and it is the C orporation, and not any individual alderm en, w ho are to blame. W hat we do blame th e present Oity Oonncil for is tbe very absurd a ir of m ystery th a t is bein g im ported into the wbole business. T h at it is not ndicative of wiedom is proved by the fa c tth ’t t alderm en, w ith one exception, were ready enough to aooeptthe report and estim ate of their own engineer, although they must now b<* convinced th a t it did not go far onoogh ; besides the whole proeesa of blundering th at m a rk s (he oundnot of oivio affairs is in itself sufficient to banish tb e idea th at somewhere, deep down in the inner recesses of the body corporate, th e re is to be fonsd en nnexploited fund of adm inistrative ability. I t has n ev er oocnrred to alderm en th a t it w onld be well to readjust th e ir finanoes or to make provision for oases of em ergency, and be re su lt is th a t for the ork th a t mnat now be underaken a n additional rato of quite ne penoy in tb e £ will have o be imposed. W e have already oioed public opinion by deolaring h at the M unicipal Oonnoil, as i t is at resent constatatod, d o e s' not possssi be oonfidenoe of tb e people, end have r^ed th a t P arliam en t—in o rd er to vert tb e neossszty o f doing w hat uce beeame neoessary in another olony—to a t odoc in stitu te a searching inquiry into th e position and system of w orking of tb e C orporation The W aterw orks incident confirms th at view of th e eitnation. W hy I hould m atters of d e e p publio in terest I e k ept Buoh a profound secret 7 Gan ny of th e A lderm en explain what n ju ry oould be done to anyone, or ven to the itin eratin g reservoir tself, by m aking know n the opinion r T hwajtss h as formed and the ecom m endations th a t be haB mado P t is reasonable to im agine that either he opinions or tb e recommendations will bt* varird in tho pnblio estimaion by th e process of bottling, or th a t they w ill bo affected in any way by tbo A lderm aoic comments th at may be m ade upon them ? If there is really nothing to hide, why maintain a stnpid lecresy whioh cannot b n t oreato suspicion r . Ooe result oi the prosoBB th a t h as boon adopts d should be a determ ination on tbe part of tho people to re sist any expenditu re upou tbe w ork of repairs until they have been taken into th e confidence of tb eM u u icip al Cooucil. The whule business is em inently unsatisfactory. There appears to have boon bungling a t the sta rt, end beyond all question th e suprem o blundering of Bumbledom m arks iho progress of th e w retched business. T ax Bill w hich has been introduced in the Legislative Assembly of V ictoria by M r. H. W . Best for tbe pnrposeof more effeotnally ELROTGkux preventing the use of im- Rbfobk. proper inflnenoee a t elections should command attention in T asm ania. The Bill is founded to a g re a t extent upon the lines of th e New Zealand Act, and appears sufficient to very effectively achieve tbo object f<r which it has been framed. I t prohibit* the oniployraeot of agents eud canvassers and &1bo the hiriug of vehicles on the day of >he election in connection w ith th - election. Some of its provisions ofe more stringent than are to be found in any existing statute, b u t in no iostanoe can they be objected to by tbe honest candidate. Speaking generally, the Bill makes it well nigh impossible for tbe candidate or his friends to do what they are forbidden to do, and takes oare that thore skull be no m eans of e&oape; for those who violate its provision*, candidate is required to make a s declaration of his expenses, and even tbis provision is not m ore draatio than is necessary, whilst it is better for many reasons th an apportioning aod lim iting the am ount of expenses for eaeh electorate. T be (nil text of tbe Bill is w orth careful reading, for it deal* with an evil w hich is not confined to any onr colony. O ur own Aot draw s a peculiar distinction between co rru p t and im proper practices, and is made even more absurd by tbe classification th a t is set out in the schedule. F or instance, it is “ corru p t ” to pay a m an for bis vote or to give a glees of b e e r; b a t it is only “ im p ro p e r” to d istribute badges or jewellery, or to em ploy bands, a^d, even more peculiar, it is neither “ ooVrnjt*' nor “-im p ro p er’1 to hire an unlim ited n um ber of vehicles, it m ay be upon term s dependent upon tbe resalt of th e poll, the driver of each of w hich a t once becomes a paid agent and canvasser. W hile tbis system prevail* it is useless for people to wring th eir bands in pioni agony beoause im proper persons are returned to P arliam en t now and agaiu, since the re tu rn of snob persons ia (ho natu ral outcome of a l&x; aud improp system . T here are some mo;, who are alw ays susceptible to improper infloeocea, and while tbis ie su i persons will alw ays be found r.-ady to resort to them , and able, coriously eaongh, to reooncile tbe action to th eir eoosciencea. W e oommcod the V ietorian propoB&l; to tbo consideration of those who desire to see a greatly nerded reform accomplished in Tasm ania. W is t A d s tiu lia has voted solidly for U nion, so th a t the B ritish pooplc in the S outhern Seas bavo now continent for a U vioh O ouplitk. naiion, and oat ion for a tinent. The m agnificent m ajority— exoeeding th ree to o n e - in favor of tb e Commonwealth B ill is a splendid answ er to the statem ents made at the Federal Oonvontion by tho irresponsible representatives of the great W estern lands, and tbo still more inaccurate opinions ottered by those who, w ithout authority, have ventured to s p -a k in tbo namn of the people. A s we pointed o ut ynstt-rdxy the residents in W est A ustralia may attribute th eir adm isiion to the C -mmonwealth Bill to tbe splendid exertions of tbe m ining ootnmnnity who refused to be ooerccd, and adopted tbe timehonored m otto, “ fto taxation withont representation.” T he infusion of th is stu rd y manhood in to tbe Commonwealth will be a distinot dvaotagr, w hilst th e effect of tbe oll on the system of State Governent in tbe W est will be to liberalise nd popularise it. At Halx- Mast—To-day tbe Union Jack v u boi«t»d a t half-matt at all th* Gortrnment offices, a t tbe Town Hall, and iu other laces as a mark of respect on the occasion f the death of the Queen’s second son, tbe uke of Edinburgh, who is reported by able to bava died on Monday irom paraysis of the heart. Fiodkal Fslicjtatiow s—The Hon. F. . Pitsse to-day despatched tbe followng cable message to 8ir John Foi* »t, Premier of Western Australia— Tasmanian federalists having similar ifficulties, sympathised with Western ustralia, and now heartily congratulates ou apon your colony’s decision to join hem in undertaking tbe common responibilities attendant upod the inauguration f Australian Union” — F. W. Fiesse, President of the Federal League, Hobart. BaAUTircL Tapuania.—The piotorial oster representing scenes in Tasmania, whieh has been printed a t the instance ot he Railway Department, hat now been ssued. Two have been placed in the ourists Room at tbe Museum, and should ssist materially in advertising the olony’s attractions. Tho poster is a most reditable production, and when oiroulated n tbe other colonies and elsewhere should contribute largely to an increase in he number of v-sitors next season. WjTNXBSas Exraxsxs — A question of paying witnesses expenses cropped up at he Folks Court this morning. A man who gave evidence ‘ for the Crown less a day's work. Baperintecdiot Pedder was rather disinclined to have tbs Crown ulcted tor expenses, but the Poliee agistrate said that If a man lost a day's abor to tender en d u e* in a ease be was ully entitled to his day’s pay, O nr- Polioi Coubt — The Police agistrate and Mr H. Cbsstarman resided at the Police Court to-day: s' esident of New Town pleaded .not guilty o neglesting to place his name on his art, and the Bench ordered the defendant o pay 6s and costs. Fonr residents were ere fined la and costs for negieotisg to esp their sanitary pans clean. If yon went a first-class pipe, any brand, esnu Bros, can supply yon. Rotai, Pn&Aeis; —By th* death cl rince Alfred, Duke of 8axe-Ooburg, the eerage which His Royal Higbnees bolds in the United Kingdom beoomes extinct. he Duke left no son, and is succeeded as Duke of 6&xe-Cobnrg; by his nephew, the Duke of Albany, who accepted the succession upon its being renounced by R.R.H tbe Duke of ConnHught and his hun, The 8axe-Cobarg duchy is an exceedingly rich inheritance. It is netfti le that within tbe last few yean two rc)ttl po-'rages—Clarence and Edinburgh —have ceaBed to exist. The former ie'a farcful title, and those who believe in omeus were net riow to express tbsir grt-t when it was bestowed npon tbe elder eon ef .the Prince of Wales some ye ire ego. Tns Latx Dux* or Saxs-Co*uso Aim Gotha—By our oables to-day it will be seen that the Duke of Sexe-Coburg and Go'bn died on Monday from paralysis of t- e lioftrt. As the Duke oi Edinburgh, the Qu*en'f> eecond son, the late Prinoe visited tue Australian colonies in 1668, and had an enthusiastic reception everywhere he went, especially in Tasmania. Physically bu was not a big man $ in fact, he was rather under (han above the average height, and, at that time, ef comparatively slight build. These facts were noted on his reaching the New Booth Walee oapital, and when his official landing took place at the Prince’s 8tairs, Circular Quay, he was met by a reception committee composed of veritable giants, and all " natives.” They were nearly all of them eonsiderably over 6ft in htight, and broad portly men, and they completely dwarfed the Prinee. It wae told with a ohockle that when they surrounded the soion of ^royalty and gave him tbe heartfelt and loyal greetings of the psople on his visit, His Royal Highness was very mnoh moved indeed, and gaeed with awe, mingled with astonishment, at ” the greatness of Australia,” aa evidenced in the stature and bearing of the gentlemen who welcomed.him.' Who was really responsible for the'eelection of the committee did not transpire, but th* joke was hugely appreciated, and by none more then by the Duke himself when he was made aware of the faote. He was immensely popular in Bydney, and when C'*-'.'.rreU shot him atClontarf, the oity, and indeed the whole eolony, wae wild with a frensy which only moderated when the would-be assassin was "hanged as high as Hainan.” T a i Moonah Shooting Cabi—The police have been furnished with another aceount to-day regarding tbe eiroametances conneetsd with the Moonah shooting ease. The following statement wae made to-day by Hngh Neeion, a boy wbe was out shooting with McDonald on Sunday—" On Sunday, in oompauy with Frederick McGuineee, my brother, and William McDonald, I went into the bnsh on the west aide o! Moonah. We had a small toy revolver and nine cartridges for a No. 1 pea rifle. McDonald fired two shots, and Phillip Neeson then took the revolver and fired two shots, and then got through a fence with McDonald. Whilst doing this the revolver went off, and the bullet lodged iu McDonald's thigh. McDonald asked as to say that he was shot on the road to Moonah.” 8ergeant Higgins, who has been following up the ease, states that the revolver belonged to Mr Neeson, who is absent in Melbourne, aud that McDonald borrowed it to go and •hoot the ghost, but was told not to fire out of the weapon. Supplied to Her Majesty Queen Victoria and Royal Family—Brinsmead Pianos. D u t t 'Bawitabt P aw s.— Tbe Losal Board of Health is determined to t i n j cut tbe sanitary by-law and to day proceedings were institnted at the City Police Court against a quartette of citieens for neglecting to put ashes iu their sanitary pans and nominal penalties were imposed. I t may not be generally known that if a person sublets a portion of bis premises to persons and these persons neglect to keep the pans clean the lessee ib responsible. A case of tbis description was heard to day, and tbe Town Clerk, who conducted the prosecution for the health authorities, stick lie did not wish to press for a heavy .'onriction, but if tenants cablet they must be responsible for the a«ts of their subte n a n ts T b s Old H sathxb Dil l s .—This morning U r Morton, eurator of the Museum aud Art Gallery, received from Captain W H. T. Brown an oil painting of a well known clipper that used to sail from Hobart to London—the ship Heathsr Belle. The vessel wae built to the order if the late Captain Brown, and sailed by him^ end she made tbe quickest passage on reeord, for a sailing ship, between Melbourne and London, vis., 62 days. The painting shows the vessel under lower topsails and fore and a ft canvas off Aberdeen, and was painted by the well known seascape painter, A. Smith. Many resident* of Hobart will remember this old favorite trader, and will no doubt be pleased to see her counterfeit presentment in the Art Gallery, where it will be exhibition for some days. If yon have a heauacne gen a good brush by Cearaa Bros/ Electric Hair Bruahet. Thoatsb R otal—" For Queen sad Country ” wae repeated at tbe Theatre Royal last night and wae received with the same marke of favor as on the previous evening. To-night will be presented “ A Women's Bin,” Miss Maud Williamson’s dramatisation of Hall Caine’s novel, “ The Manxman,” iu whieh there is no laek of incident and moving situation. Miss Williamson will impersonate Kate Ciegan, the central figure of the drama, and Mr Alfred Woods will be Pete, and they will be supported by the fall strength ot the company, while the scenery is said to be of the beet. The past performances of tbe company have been excellent end to-night*e bill may certainly be anticipated with the most pleasurable feelings. This drama will only be produced, to-night and to ­ morrow night, and on Friday tbe company will make their last appearance in the picturesque comedy " Pygmalion and Galatea. L o t Cabin Tobaooo.—This celebrated tobaeeo has just arrived, and Gnoses W att, Hairdresser and Tob&oeonist;, of Elizabeth etreet, has muoh pleasure in informing his numerous eustomers that they ean now be supplied. As there is to bs an enormous rash, customers advised to come early te avoid disappointment.* Stonb Tsaownre — This daugtroas iractic# reeulced in a nastj accident to a fad who was on bis way home from school at Battery Point yesterday. The boy received a painful wound which necessitated a visit to the local chemist a t Sandy Day. It is stated that stone throwing is ecoming a regular unnaemsnt by tbe lads t Battery Point, and the police may ossibly make a note of the faot. Does it pay to go to war P All we know that it pays anyone to buy their drapery nd clothing a t 41 Murrav •’treet. Swxrr ND Co. Sacubd Combbt—A most enjoyable oncert was given in Bt Matthews Presbyerian Church, Glenorchy, on Wednesday vening last. Tbe programme comprised nthems, quartettes, duett, and coloe, the ollowing taking part—Misses M. Brown, M. Thompson, A. Vautin, C. Cox, Ryan, Hall (2): Mrs Stranger: Messrs S. Lidster, Lloyd, W. G, Martin, Stranger, and arper. A collection of over £S was taken n behalf of the mission work of the hnrfb. A hearty rote of thanks was ccorded the performers, on the motion of he Rev W. Martin. Before leaving for own, the performers were supplied with efreshments by tbe ladies of the congregation. The eoooert is to be repeated at n early date in Chalmers' Hall, Bathurst street, in aid of the Indian Famine Fend. Ton oan purchase on time payment Pianos at 20s monthly. Brinsmead. Town Hall Conosat. — The tecond concert in aid of the Organ Fond of the Sacred Heart Church, New Town, was held the To *s Hall last evening, when there was a large attendance. Under the management of Mr H. Shirley, a very creditable programme was arranged, to which the follewlng ladies and gentlemen c o n trib u te d M rs Dawson, Mies Elsie Fox, Messrs E. J. O'Brien, B. MoNamara, F. Hammond, J. Daley, M. Vincent, and O. H. Andrews. Several selections were also played by Mr J, ‘ R. McCann’s Orebestra. Tbe entertainment passed off very snooenfnliy, and the proceeds of the wo concert* ahonld very materially aid tbe fund In whose interests they were rganised. For Hate, Shirts, Ties, Books, Braces, tc., try Swixt and Co., 41 Murray street. tyles up to date i prioes the lowest in obart Tax H u m s M xxoual—A meeting ot ld Boys who were subscribers to the roposed memorial to the late Rector of the igh School (Rev. R. D. Ponlett-Harris) as hetd in the Town Hall yesterday fternoon to decide what form the memorial honld take. Mr D. Barolsy occupied the hair. The hon. seoret*ry mad a report hieh showed that 400 circular* had been ent ont, and the total amount received about £ 110. Tbe ohairmen, in moving he adoption of tbe report, regretted hat the subscriptions were so email. After he adoption of the report some discussion took place as to the ferm the memorial should take, Mr J. G. Davies moved "That the memorial take the form of a fountain/’ Mr M Maoleod seconded tbe motion, and the oUon. C. E. Davies then moved ” That permission be sought to erect the fountain on a site below the present University.” Mr Justioe Clark seconded; carried. On the motion of Dr G. B. Butler seconded by Dr Wolfhagen, it was decided th at the eboice of design and the general arrangements for erecting the memorial fountain be left in tbe hands of the committee. This terminated the business. Five years guarantee given with the world-renowned Brinsmead Pianos Tb s Musstna—The proposed extension of the Mnieum, a sera for which has been placed on the Estimates, should,. with careful management, provide a sufficient inoreaae of spaee to enable not only the present exhibits to bs shown to better advantage, but allow room for tbe display of trophies indicating our national mineral wealth and our splendid timber*. A trophy is a far more atriking advertisement of the zeiouroes of tbe colony than whole pages of printed matter, and Tasmania wonld be all the better if the attention of those hav> ing capital to invest might be more forcibly drawn to its many capabilities. There should be, if possible, a epaeioas o with spaos to display not only mineral specimens generally, but monumental evidence, so to speck, of the wonderful ^ithness of the principal Tasmanian mines, Mine managers and owners have always shown a cheerful alacrity in forwarding specimens to the Museum collection, and they would probably be very willing to continue their generous help to an extent commemorate with the growing importance of mining to the national prosperity. Mas TaANTHiM-FariB’fl F a b iWill—A oonoert, bv wey of farewell to Hebart, will be given by Mrs Tranthim-Fryer at tbe New Masonio Hall, Murray street, tbis evsning. A choice programme has been prepared, in which Mrs Tranthim- Fryer is set down for eight numbers. The Hon Ismty Preston will sing Chamisade's "The Silver Bing ” Mr Bradshaw Major will, among other things, play the "Thelma Walts,” composed by him for the Vis countess Gormaniton. Mr 8. Brownell and Mr W. W. O’Brien also contribute to the programme, If you want your hair cut in first-class style go to Cearns Bros., Elisabeth etreet. It seems as if we are in for a eontdnuation of this wet weather, for it rained on Snnday last, the X6th inst., that being 8t Bwithin’a Day, and, aa the old proverb ■ays, " St Swithin’a Day end it ao rai for forty day it doth remain ; 8t Swithin' Day and it be fair, for forty days it rail na mair.” So you had better be prepared to ba tie against the element* by wearing one of onr Gents’ Mackintoshes, 19* i, or Blney Coat 111 fid; Blney Trousers, tie 6d j Blney Suit, 8Bs 6d ; Overcoat, with Cape, Its 6d ; Sou'-Westers, 2s lid ; Oil Coats, leather bound, 16s fid; Oil Trousers, 6a lid ; Umbrellas, from 2s lid to 12s 61 „ Ladies' Uiaters, &i; lid j Cares, fie Ud j Umbrellas, Is lid , 2a fid, 2s lid , 8s fid, 4* lid, up to 12s fid. A. B. P laisth e and Co., The People's Drapers, 96 Elimbeth street (U oyd a Buildings),___ 