irom zand iuver to kroonstad. "cao quarters of Lord Roberta, 14th Mav. 1900. 7, , ef . e British troops crossed the I , llvei' .on YVednesday last, few Were d sanguine enough to hope fihat with- v days we should be in Kroonstad. -J?!8. cv>nfidently hoped that die enemy have put to good advantage the ex- cover afforded by the semi-circular line... of kopjes, often . connected by deep spruits in clqse proximity to. the Vaalsche River, along which tiiey had been at pains to throw up entrenchments. That they did not do so is striking evidence of the vacil lation, which beyond doubt now exists in tlic-ir camp, and goes to show that for the moment at any rate .ey are fighting without spirit and without heart. Recent experiences of infantry charges and cold steel seem to have inspired them with a wholesome dread of a near acquaintance with our troops; and our artillery in point of numbere and length of range is so effi cient that the Boers shirk from any im pact with the grand army tinder Lord Roberts.' The positions north of the Zand, held on Thursday morning by the Boers, extend ed along the whole line from General Ian Hamilton's position on the cast, to General Button's position on the west. By an early advance on the preceding night, the Chesh- ires occupied the river bed directly in front of General Tucker, while Bruce Hamilton sent the Devdnshires towards the same on his front, General Hutton advancing along -the railway encountering no opposition at the river. With him was General Gordon's lancer brigade, and be-, hind followed General Fole-Onrew's ninth lancers, which formed the advance guard. The first opposition same from a farm house north of the river, where there was an exchange of shots. Only the mounted troops advanced, until they came under shell fire, where our pom-poms were brought into action. But the enemy refused to be drawn -any further, and for the rest of the day they disappeared. On the centre ' and right, however, things were more lively, and here the Boers made some show of' standing. GENERALS TUCKER AND BRUCE HAMILTON. Genera! Wavell's brigade formed the ad vance guard of General Tucker, while Gene ral Bruce Hamilton, led by the Sussexs, ad vanced on a parallel to the Boers' position. Our left faced a high and partially wooded kopje, and on a ridge which continued half way to the enemy's position we placed one gnu and a pom-pom. General YVavell's brigade then advanced to attack the Boer right, and as they did so were subjected to an accurate pom- pom fire, as' well as shell and shrapnel. But the advance calmly'con- tinued, and was supported by a Maxim of .the South YY'ales Borderers, which poured a deadly fire into the enemy's ranks. This was too much for tliem, and in 10 minutes' time this portion of their force was in full retreat. Their left, however, still held out against General Bruce Hamilton on two low, rocky kopjes, on which they had placed three guns, and as our troops advanced across the plain they encountered a heavy shell fire. Still, on they went, and when within 500 yards of the kopjes the Sussexs, with. a ringing cl)eer and fixed bayonets, charged the hill. - It was a -rand rush, and successful, too, driving the enemy pell-mell in full retreat, and followed by a hot, scath ing fire poured amofig the runaways.' The Boers then continued a half-hearted run-, ning fight, not once again making even the ghost of an attempt to withstand our irre- srstible advance. General Ian Hamilton's mounted infantry was meanwhile driving the enemy's left into the centre, who, after a tew miles of retreat, again extended. But they were already beaten, if not demoral ised, and nightfall saav the whole of our columns encamped on the north side of the river. GENERAL POLE-CAREW. On F riday Lord Roberts's head quarters were with General l'ole-Carew's division, at Geneva Siding, 14 niiles from Kroonstad and about 6 trom Boschand, where the Boers were then holding an entrenched position. We had marched. 20 miles during the day. General Tucker's division was a short distance south-east, and General lianiilton's force still further east. Gene- ritr French's cavalry, which had seized a drift on the Vanlsohe River the previous afternoon, was some way to our north, and the line of railway hnd been secured, prac tically umnjured, between General Siding ami Kcitspruit. We had also taken about 100 prisoners during the last few days, and nearly all the farms along the line of route were Hying white Hags. Henceforward our march was unopposed. At 8.30 on Saturday morning we were at Rosclmnd. nnd found that the enemy had evacuated their first line .of., entrench-. ments during the night; Thef rdst -atf to? mere parade, nnd shortly after noon on tlie same day Lord Roberts rode triumphantly anto Kroonstad. His bodyguard on this oc casion was composed entirely of colonials, these headed the historic procession, fol lowed by General ltolc-Carew's, the Naval Brigade, and companies of the Royal Artil lery and Royal Engineers. The scene was a brilliant one. The men came with bands playing, and the Union Jack was hoisted amongst the cheers of the British resi dents. Kroonstad is a picturesque little town, of some 3000 inhabitants, situated about 127 miles by rail from Bloemfontein and 1GU miles irom Pretoria. It is the centre of a rich agricultural district, and has some reputation as a health and pleasure re sort. With tlie occupation of Kroonstad, the war enters upon a new, and it is to be hoped its final, stage. The occupation of its second nnd most important town' means the collapse of the Free State, and though guerilla warfare may for a time be carried on, any further effectual opposition from Steyn s burpiiers is out of the question. Meanwhile, Steyn himself has fled to Heil- bron, and in less than as many months the capital of the O.F.S. has been changed for a second time. . g 