ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. -:o:- OBDINATION OF MR. WILLIAM WOBLEY. The ordination of Mr. William Worley as a deacon of the Anglican Church was per- formed in St. Paul's Church by his Lordship, Blshop Webber, on Sunday morning last. Bishop Stretch assisted in the service, and Canon A. B. Bartett, the Rev. Sandford Woods, B.A, and the Rev. E. Oerton, rector of St. Thomas's Church, North Ips- wich, were also In attendance. As was expected would be the case, a great deal of interest was exhibited in the ceremony, and, despite the unpropitious weather, the com- modious church was well filled with a repre- sentative congreation. The ordinee Is a son of Mr. Robert Worley, of Ipswlch (and nephew of Mr. Reuben Worley, of the old-establshed firm of Messrs. Worley and Whltehead). He was reared In this town, and from boyhood up till very recently-when he proceeded to St. John's parish, Bulimba, there to engage in Church work-he was connected with the local Anglican Church and Sunday-schooL . The ordination sermon was preaohed by Bishop Stretsch, who chose as his text Acts xxlv, 16:-" Herein do I exeroise myself, to have always a eoseoieaoe void of offence toward God, and toward men." Ordination eerviceo, remarked the presbher, were generally held in a oathedral. It was fitting, however, that they should sometimes be held in parish ehorshes, beoonee it afforded an opportunity toremind the people of certain great truthe whlih were liable to be forgotten. There was, too, a specls partnership between the oandidate for holy orders and those amongst whom he had resided and was well-known. In olden tlles, popular eleotlon had much to do with pUi forward men for admiselon to holy orders. ut, now a-days, the congregatlon were invited to state their obsoetionos, if they had any, to the ordina ton of the oandidate. If, after snch an oppor tunity had been given, silence nelgned, then it wee taken for granted that the congregation anited in the sot of ordination. It was a good thing that Chrlet?o people should have their thoughts directed to the subjectof the Christisn minietry. Few people ever ashked themselves nything respeoting the questlont--Where did the ministry come from? Wee it worth preserving ? How were the men who came to preaoh and minister to them selected ? People were, however, critical enough, and knew whet the olergyman ought, and ought not, to do better thanthey did.them elves. He trsted it would oonur to them that the offiae of a olergyman was a dignified one, although poorly paid. The Anglloan Ohurch adherente got the cervices of their alergymet at about a quarter of the lotter's mereantele value. But that would not always lest. The time would come when they would have to pay for what they got, or simply get what they paid for. Whilst, in this respeet, things were en quesionably more wholesome in the eolonies than they were in E?ngland, still they were far from what they ought to be. It wee to be hoped that parents would indivldually look into the question of the ministry, sal eoach deliberate thus: Somebody's sons have to do the work, the worek eis worth doing; and why should my sons not do it P erhaps sush onsioderstlon would promote a epirit of reverences end prayer whioh might bring about resolotlous'that would result in there comeing from the psrieh not one; or two, but a goodly euooeslon of fit and good men to serve God in what, after all, waee the noblest vocation to whloh a man could be scalled. With respeut to the question of admie slon to the minbleary, there seemned to be con elderable mleanderstanding, although there need rot be If people would only read and elstudy the prayer book. It was declared that there should be three Orders in the Chrlstiln m?n letry-Blehops, priests, and deaoons. Care was taken to asoerloin that a candidate possessed the requisite qallfocations for admisnlon to the offoe, sad then he had to be ofclallyspproved and admitted by lawiolanthorlty. The greatest stress was laid on the fact that no one should enter the Anglican ministry unless he had epl-s opal econseartlon orordination. In regard to thin matter, the Churoh was etrint and unoonm promising. Weeas the ministry established by Divine appointment or by human evolution ? In other words, was it God's order or man's con venience ? And if it were God's order, were they sure that they knew what it was? To that the Ohurch of England answered unhesitat bIngly d unooamqromolngly "It is God's order." More thn that, the Church had good reason to believe that she knew what God's order was in regard to the matter. It was eomne times said that that was a hard saying-that there wasee not euffilent lighlt upon the seubjeot to warrantonepea?king so determinedly. When they got new light, was there anything to show that they were wrong ? No. There were fresh disooveries sometimes, but they only shed new light on the old question, and eonfirmed the action of the Church. The preacoher then welt on the neoessity for a canldate to the ofiee of holy erdere being personally endowed for the b-no-means light work to whieh he was called. Pereonal eharaoter, personal holiness, and per. sonal relation to God should be conlsidered; and, without selt-dlselpline (whleh was today so eadly negleoted), a clergyman could not faithfnlly disoharge his duties. Another requlosite was that of a clean eonselence. That was where he sometimes allowed himself to fall. He forgot that the standard of his work was to be a oonelenes enlightened and purified by the nlodwelling of God's Boly Spirit. Moreover, a clergyman should have knowledge end the power of disoeenment. He had no right to ezeose himself from the duty ol eystemstio study. Forther, with regard to the power of disoernment, the olergyman needed that so that he might learnto look behind men's 'orde and professions, and see what they really were in themselves. The olergyman had to live face to flace with men in society. He was not allowed to be an seetio; he needed to be one with the people, but at the same time he must never oease to be one with Ohrist. The rev. gentleman's conoludinog remarkse were direoted to the lafty, and he emphasised the feot that it was joet as incumbent upon them as it wan upon the elergymen to diseharge their dules ooneofentiolniy in every sphere in life in whioh they might be engaged. They were also counoselled to make it a matter of oonoeolece to support the clergy and the Oharoh by their prayers and contributions. "And in this and all other mattlers," the preacher concluded, "I pray you now and evermore to exeroise youorseelves to have eounsolenoee void of offenoe towards God and man." The ordinee wae then presented to hie Lord shig, Bishop Webber,*by Bishop Streteh, and after the Litany, and the reading of the Epiielle, the aotuneordination took plae. The seunsl series of questions having been ansnwered, Bishop Webber planed hie hande upon the oandidate's head, and said," Tahkethou authority to execute the ofine of a deanoon in the Church olf God committed onto thee; in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." BSbsequently, the newly. ordsained deason reasd the morning leeessoni the servloe weeas terminsted in the ordinary way. 