ABOUT SOLDIERS' WIVES.] Tho wifo of an American, Boldipr — when ho happens to bo married— has a comparatively happy timo of it. But it is different else where and tho condition is at its worst in England. No ono need to be told that tho scarlet, jacket of tho British soldier is the greatest incentive to matrimony known to tho civi lised world of women. Indeed, there is con siderable grumbling, not to say indignation, onthis score in some quarters. It is pretty generally known that tho sol dier has a susceptible heart beating behind his tunic, but who stops to inquire how the admirable Atkins, with his shilling a day, is enabled to keep a wife and childron ? Colonel Gildca, the Chairman of tho Eng lish Soldiers' and Sailors' Fartrilios Associa tion, ift an interview said : — ' You are quite right in saying that Eng lish soldiers are a marrying community, but don't ask mo how they manage to keep their wives. There aro thousands of men nnd women trying to livo on tho soldier's allow ance of a shilling a day, and I don't suppose . 1 am far wrong in saying that at least a third of them aro half starved. Tho women en .. deavour to augment the family iucomo by doing a little washing, nnd tliat sort of . thin? ; but, at its best, it is only very casual employment. j ' Now, the aim of our Socioty is to afford temporary relief to tho families of soldiers aiid sailors, and I cjIii assure you they stand in need of a great deal of relief. Our chief -considerations are not to pauperise and not to encourage matrimony. It is madness for a private soldier who has nothing but his pay comiug in to marry. ' But first let mo explain what marriage in-the English army means. Only six por cent, of the men in each regiment are per raitted to marry, and then only if they pos sess the requisite qualifications. For ex ample they must have served for a period of not less than Beven yoars, and they must have at least £5 in the savings bank. 'Xnoy nave, in tact, to uc trustworthy men who havo earned two good conduct badges. ' The wives havo their quarters in tho barracks and go abroad and return with their Iiub bands at tho Government's expense. ' Contrary to au impression that exists . outside the Service, however, if the remain ing 94 por cent, marry, as many of them do, without the consent of the authorities, they commit-no military crime. ' They caunot be punished, but no accom modation is provided in barrackB 'for their wives, who enjoy none of the privileges that are allotted to the wives of the others. To speak plainly, they havo to Btruggle on upon the soldier's pittance and whatever else they can make. You can imagine what a sorry plight these womon are in when I tell you that it is quito common for a soldier's wife to have from live to eight children. '' But this isn't by any means all with which they have to contend. When a regi ment moves, say, from Portsmouth to Edin burgh, or to India, every tfne of these women is ' left behind, while their more fortunate sisters accompany their husbands. ' They are left with no provision what ever from tho Government, and I need not remark that very few of them have the money to follow their husbands. ; What -wo do, therefore, in addition to assisting those in sickness and makiug temporary giants, is to send them after- -their husbands where we xan. ? ' Does the gallant Tommy, then, desert his spouse? ' ' 1 ? am afraid that some soldiers when go ing on foreign service desert their. wives until they return. That is to say, they leave them to take their chance. A soldier who is \- married but not by regimental allowance can, by the Army regulation, bo subjected to a stoppage of threepence a day — a nice large sum isn't it— rforthe support of his wife and family .while he is away, but ho cau only bo put under thiB stoppage on the application of the wife herself or by voluntarily sub mitting to it.'. 'It seems as if Mr. Atkins ought to be better paid.How do you fare in trying to dis ' suade a soldier whose manly heart burst ing with love from embarking on the treach erous sea of matrimony? ' ' We try to dissuade the girl— not the man,1' Colonel Gildea replied, smiling;' The majority of girls haven't tho ghost of on ? idea what a soldier's life is like.^ They aro fascinated with the red coat and 'don't givo a thought to the future. ' Affairs are very different in tho Eng lish Navy,' the colonel added. ' No man is . supposed to marry in tho Royal Navy. Strangely enough, tho authorities don't recog nise the wife of a sailor when the sailor is living, but if he dies on duty or is killed Bhe is awarded a pension. Now with respect to a soldier the wifo only gets a pension if he . succumbs in war. Should he die in barrackB through sickness or by accident she is left to shift tor herself. ' Sailors' wives aro in a much better position when they are separated from their husbands than tho wives of soldiers, inasmuch as on a ship being commissioned for foreign Bcrviso thero is an unwritten law among sailors that every man shall make an allot ment of something like half his pay in favour of . his wife or any relatives dependent upon him; and although tbe Admiralty don't Recognise these people, they undertake to make the' stoppage and to handover the) Bums to the payees as Boon as they become due. A sailor who neglectcd to conform to this praiseworthy principle would have a bad tinvv jxJge eaBl *s mates.' tafn opened a ? vanced British p^OK OF THEIR artillery eheil fire ia^S. . i'g ^en Bplendidly a, ^ ^ III adttltlODying a high compliment to their lost; po£».. ?? everything going on roinatioD. Pact o£ LytbletonVi-t'Plied to insects gade, sent to reinfoi™ wcI1 aware' aim' erouians and the Kin^ yery many insects tbe steepeat Bide of F-iouBauds, the head balf-way up they, *a Hfc,Ko-0i'tuem liaa not to be relegated to tho back of their owners' heads. Thus it is Baid that if an ordinary drngon fly wore placed in the centre of a globe he could seo every part of it at onco without moving his head. { And this insect, though posseBBing about 1 20,000 oyes, is a long way from being the most liberally cudowed in this respect, tho mordella beetle, for instance, comfortably ; beating him by some 5,000. These eyes often give off prismatic col- ; ours, aud under tho microscope are very beautiful objects, looking liko a section of honeycomb. I Tbateach individual eyo of the mauy thou- j sand has its perfect lenB system is proved by ; tho fact that each mukes a separate picture of any object placed before it. Of course, a microscope is required to seo these pictures, but they aro very distinct and aro known to microscopists as tho ' mul tiple imuge.' Friend : How do you get along with tho cooking ? The Brido : Admirably ! I blame it on the range. * * Mother: I wonder what wo can do with Johnny, he haB such a way of exaggerating everything. Ho is always making a mountain out of a molehill. Father: I think, my dear, wo had better make him a real estate agent. . * * A unique method was adopted by tho members of a coloured church in South Georgia the other day to raise funds. They had a ginger cake eating contest having two (Mikes eighteen inchcs long, and tho person eating his cake in tho shortest timo was de clared tho winner. An admission fee was charged, resulting in a good sum. ' Why havo you volunteered ?' said a rather careworn looking, newly- enrollod volunteer for the war to a fine-looking soldier. ''Why, I volunteered because I havo no wife and go in for war,' was the unequivocal ! reply. 'And now, why have you volun teered ?' he added. 'Ah,' said the man with a careworn coun ; tenance, with a significant sigh, ' I have ^ 'volunteered because I havo a wife and go in for peace.' 