BEHIND A VEIL. BY MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON, SYNOPSIS op 1'llKCUmNG OIIAlTHltS.— 1 The Hon. Otnrge Trifitnun, nlxnit to take up ins duties at the Rritisli Embay in Vienna, inoeLa a wonderfully beautiful English girl at a bull in Iiondon. Lady Mary l)e»- momi, whose mother married an Austrian nobleman, is uiso on Jicr wny to Vienna, to hor mother's now home, uml Bhe becomes interested iu Tristram, who falls mildly ill love witii her. tin tlie way, however, 11 null! dressed ns tt priest wiinitt him that hor destiny has been fixed, tuxl that lie musL not attempt to seek her as a suitor. At Vienna, Lady Mary's guardians refuse to become ac quainted with Tristram, of whose hopes tlie supposed priest lias warned them. Lidy .Mary's parents, the i'rinec und Princess i'aieonberg, intend to marry her to Colonel von Kornis, tlie most brutal man in Austria, who seeks a rich wife. The unwilling victim of Uiis con spiracy semis privately to Tristram for help. He meets her outside tlio country residence of tlio Falconbcrgs, horn which she lias escaped. He intonils to lake her to file Embassy, liuL on the way is overtaken by Kornis, wiio traps the girl, and returns licr to the FalconJiergs. Kornis refuses to -marry her now, as her attempt to es- ea|H! is looked upon as an elopement, and lie fears tlie scandal. Tlie Falconhergs determine to shut her up in a convent. Having embraced Us: Catholic faith, she is in duced, on false ro|K>rl.s of the deatli of Tristram In a duel Willi Kornis, to consent to enter upon tlie novitiate. The duel story lias been from pod up by Kornis to save liis re putation, for Tristram had iieeo iu reality seriously woun ded, unfairly and murderously, in tlio struggle when Lady Mary Jriod to escajie. Tristram recovers, and sets out to see if he camioL rescue his sweetheart from tlie convent. CHAPTER VI.— THE MAN IN THE BOAT. Tristram could sketch a little, and knew that ho could product: tomething on canvas which would at least disarm suspicion in tho minds ot thoso who might gather for stolen peeps at tlie artist's work. He had inquired of the lniidloril where might ho found tho most picturosquo vlow of tlio convent 011 the rock; but apparently not satisfied with tho information obtained, ho set out 10 walk round tho lake. The sheet of water was rather more than a mile across from slioro to shore, longer than it was broad, and tho Sacred Island rose as nearly as possible iu the centre. As Tristram walked, he set his wits working to answer tho 0110 im portant question: How aatl where, if at, ail, would it be practicable for a person outside Iho convent to establish secret communication with another shut up iusldo? At first tho answer was unsatisfactory and discouraging. Tlio high walls that shut in a garden spaco which on threo sides surrounded the convont, could bo scaled, 110 doubt, witii a ladder. This part of tho proceeding might he siirpio enough, for Tristram had brought to Leitx a rope ladder, with Iron hooks at one end, by which means it could ho caught and held in posi tion, if skilfully flung over a high wall. The venture might be mado at night, with Htllo fear of raising alarm; but what could be accomplished by a man who had succeeded in this raanoetivro, unless lie knew where to look for the object of ills search? How could he toll which of tho many small, iloep-sot windows lighted the ceil where Mary Desmond slept ? Until lie was suro of that it woultl be useless to mako such an attempt, and as it was Improbable that ho would he able to ascertain, ho must think of some other way of establishing communication. Ho did think of many ways, as he tramped round tho lake, and, among others, ho contem plated bribing someone in tlio employ of trades men privileged to deliver supplies on tho Sacred Island. But such an expedient seemed to him too risky, and only to bo adopted as a last rosort. Tho bourgeois and peasantry in this region were particularly ardent Roman Catholics, looking up to tho good nuns, it was said, with fanatical ad miration aud respect. Even if a mun consented to accept a bribe, allowing tho foroigner to go disguised to tlie Island I11 his stead, it would almost certainly he only for tho purpose of be traying him, that ho might bo detected .on his arrival at tho rock. Then, suspicion aroused, there would bo little enough ohaneo of success in a future attempt. So arguing, Tristram walked on and on, Ills eyes nover removed from tho convent, as ho saw It from ono point of view after another. Sudden ly ho stopped, and tho cloud on his face lifted. On one side, visibio for tho first time, tho rock reared itself perpendicularly to a considerable height, and the groy old building, unwalled at this ono anglo, overhung tho water. Its three rows of narrow windows looking down upon the lake. There woro nine of these windows, and as there were said to bo sixty-five nuns in tho con vent, there was exactly one chanco out of that number that Mary Desmond's window was of the nine. If it were, and by rowing about tho lake in a boat he should over be fortunate enough to at tract hor attention, she would doubtless guess why he had come, and If she desired to escape, hor woman's wit would teach her how to let him know. If she wero contented, and really wished to stay, sho would also find a way of Informing him,- and thoro would be nothing left for him to do, however heavy his heart might he, hut to leavo her to her fato. "When Tristram had mado tho circuit of the lake, he returned to tho Inn, with tho beginning of a brightly- colored sketch to show. Ho wanted to got nearer tho convent, he said, for detail In his picture. Could ho hire a boat in which to row himself, and keep It by tho day? Tho landlord had a boat which ho was willing to lot to a stranger, if a deposit woro paid In advance,, in case ot accidents, and Tristram agreed to the terms, haggling over them just enough not lo seem too eager. It was lato in tho afternoon by tho U1110 this arrangement was made, aud twilight would soon ho falling, as the landlord officiously remarked. But Tristram ex plained that his object in setting forth that evening was to chooso a convenient place for boginning work next day, that no time might bo wasted iu the morning. 1-Ie rowed as near as he dared to tho Island, and when he arrived under the shadow of tho rocky wall overhanging the wator, ho unsh.ippod his oars and lot himself lloat. By-and-byc, a sil very peal, as of fairy bells, rang softly through tho falling dusk, and Tristram ltucw that tho Offico of Vespers must be beginning. Hater, tho poignant sweetness of women's voices mingling ln a hymn of praise smoto his ears, and stirred his pulses with, the thought lhal Mary's might bo among them. Once or twice ho fancied that something whlto flitted across the dark screon of a window, pale and swift as a ghost, but the curtain of night, embroidered with stars, was unfolding over the lake, and thore was 110 longer any certainty of vision. He had to row back to tho shore dis appointed, yet not discouraged; and, breakfasting at dawn, ho was again ln Ills boat whtlo the water still gleamed with all tho mother o' pearl tints of sunrise. Onco more he heart! voices singing, but he saw nothing save now and then a flash of whlto behind tho bars of a window, gono as quickly as sunlight on the swooping wing ot a gull. Ho had fixed his easel in the flat-bottomed clumsy boat now, and was malting a pretenco of painting which anight decolvo any of th,c Sisters, savo one. She would len'ow, If she saw him there, for he had ventured to draw near enough for recognition to ho possible. He had brought out Ills lunch, eon also, which ho ostentatiously ate about noon, anil 'then assiduously took up work again. All day long his nerves twanged liko tho strings of a Yiolin that is out of tune; tor, at any moment might ho not receive a signal from ono of those dark, barred loopholes? Ho did not give up hope till evening; and when the sky was pink and gold In tho cast next day, lie was stolidly ln his place again. Tlio easel was so fixed that ho could sit facing tho convent windows, and for each stroke of tho brush ho raised his eyes. Tho suit lit up tho threo lines of windows on tho exposed angle ho had chosen, turning them to topazes set in the dark stono. Suddenly, tlie brilliancy was struck out in one, tho furthest lo tho lcl't of the lowest row ot throe. The sash had been thrown open, and a white figure stood clearly revealed against a dusky background. For a moment It remained, then melted from sight. Tristram's heart leaped, for It had not moved deliberately away, but had swayed from sido to side, and then abruptly dis appeared, tut if falling. To Vary "Desmond, the mouths of her novi tiate had been like years. Before sh.o had given herself to this dentil in lifo, sho had looked for ward to things which would happen noxt week, uext month, next year. Now sho did not look beyond tlio day. Ono moro day lo bo got through; It was useless lo think of others, for whero nil were alike, the futuro must bo as a boolc that has been read. , ,, , , At first sho had waked up often, tlio darkness of her cell, fresh from some dream more real than realities were now, and site had forgotten tho present. To remember suddenly was liko a fall from Heaven to Hades, a horror unbearable, not to bo faced. But sho had had to faco it, and by- and-byo, tlio foint stirrings of liopo that were part ot youth— stirrings which had whispered vague hints that changes must come, that some thing dim, yet sweet, must be waiting round tho corner of to-morrow— hud died into a dull sileaioo. Dead as was tho monotony of exlstenco hero, among tlio ghoot-lll:e women who seemed to have lost, all warm memories ot life outside those walls, there was little allurement for the unhappy girl In tho world she had left. Sho had loved a mail, and ho had died for her. So miscrablo wne her failure that she Imd scarcely known sho loved him until too lato. Even such recol lections as somo women who havo loved and lost might cherish woro dented to licr. Tito rosc-gurden of her heart had been killed by tho frost beforo It hail ceased to bud. No one wanted lier, no one in the world. It was hotter that sho stayed here, and prayed for him she had loved (there could ho no wrong in that sinco lie was dead) and tor hor «tn»; some how,' iho years would pass, and perhaps she would not ilvo to lie old. (To bo continued.) 