SURPRISE FAIR AT HARROW. (from our own- correspondent. ) ' . Harrow. Monday. The surprise fair and dramatic entertain ment held at the mechanics' instituteon Thurs day last for the beuefitof the Church of Eng land proved an unqualified success, and those ladies and gentlemen who were principally instrumental in bringing about the satisfactory financial result attained must have beeu well pleased at the end oT the day's proceedings. During the afternoon tlie stall-holders, flies- dam cs Potts, hoiL sec., M'Le&n;, Forbes, Ben son, Baihroyd, tee Misses Edgar (2,Bronghton (2), Forbes (2) and Turner, wite thUr assistants, the Misses Bull, Oswdl and others were in defatigable in their exertions to benefit the good cause, and so fascinating yvt insidious were they in manner as they tenderly handed the victim on from one to another with tee words Only a BhiUing, please," gentiy ring ing in his - ears, that it almost amounted to a pleasure to be" pillaged by snch fair 1 Lands, and one was only brought back to the realities of life when his siocket was einjity and hie throat dry. No small share of credit is due to teeatall holders. A very large attendance was present at tbe opening of the concert and dramatic entertain ment at night. Miss Edith Broughton playing tho overture, after which Miss Meagher sang with pi easing effect, " A dolly and a coach. Other ladies aud gentle men who materially added to the enjoyment of the evening were Mr. H. Cozens, two songs, " Merrie, inerrie England," and " Doreen Mitts M. Oswril two songs, Sweet bimch of daises " and " Won't ybu be my sweetheart Mr. Colin ll'Lean, "Children of the Empire;" Mr. Orwell, " Song of nonsense ;n and Miss Meagher in turn with tbe Misses Jean Tullob, and Eileeii Kirby, duets on the pianoforte. In tec representation the Wittees scene from Macbeth; " SlraBothroyd as tee " first witch "-gave Avtdenoe of the possession of a good deal of histrionic talent, and Mr. Thomp son, "Macbeth," Dr. Potts, ' the apparition," and Mrs. Potte and Miss Euith Brougliton as tlie second and third witciies, worn careful aud text perfect, though as one gazed at tho figure of the apparition tee words of Hamlet to the Ghost of his -father, "Tbou comcst ln eucb a questionable shape" unccmscaously filtered through the mind.' Various tableaux : were performed, in which tho following ladies Gyik mrf. with nuirtni nitfm 1— Mpr and tbu Misses Broughton (2), Edgar (2), Tul- loh and Elina M'Lcau. .Mrs. Potts, as boo. sec., deserves a special line, of thanks, as the success achieved svas mainly due to her un tiring energy. ' About £40 was realised. 