THE KAWB8 'Scsanmo AannuMa.' The writer has seen the Bouth African native, commonly called Kafir, in all his varying phases, in bis wild stats, ssmlclTi Hsed and wholly so. He hu seen the native *t his best and at his worstno tainted by tfae touch of civilisation and soiled by its proximity. .... The Kafir, In bis uncivilised state, is an overgrown child, with childish toiblss and shortcom ings. But 1st him learn the vices of dvUtaa tion, let him realise tbe evil there is in him, let him disoovsr that there is a broad path leading to distraction — and you will find a fully civilised being, as capable iu certain direction as is the white man. It is a fact that where Kafir is permitted to dwell in primeval ignorance, with none to warn him against vises be knows nothing about, he remains ? good Christian, even though he is ignorant of doctrinal disputes and the meaning of higher eritioiam. . . A study of the Kafir is a study of the human bsinir. And what is more, he has been grossly and shamefully maltreated. As for the morality of tbe Kafir— that differs according to the tribe and its prox imity to civilisation. The Zulu is emin ently virtnous. Infraction of the law of morality is punished by death. Tbe cul prit* an placed on the ground with their respective heads resting on a Sat stone. Then tbair heads are orusbed with another ?tone. On tbe other hand, the Hottentot having been a olosa companion of the white man, U tba most immoral and deputed human being perhaps in existence. The Matabeies are moral, so are the Basotos and the Masbonss. The Bechaanaa are less bo, and the bushmen rank next to the despised Hottentots'. That the latter are as bad as stated is evident when the Zulus will not work in tbe same with one nor sleep in the same room or kraal. Nearly all the tribes save the Hottentots and busbman,are cleanly, the Zulus ^particularly so. The Zulu goee in bathing twice a day. He cleanses bis teeth with milk at eunrise and again at sun set. All the tribes, even those partially civ ilised, believe in ghosts and spirits. Many worship the spirits ot tbe departed. Still others are fetish worshippers. Tbe most advanced tribe is the Basuto nation, in which mere are fifty tnoosana Christians, wun ooe hundred and forty four schools. Striot as are the laws against tbe indisciiminate Bel ling of liquors to natives, they are yet able to obtain all they want. And when their supplyof ordinaryrum and whisky runs short thsy manufacture the notorious Oapefimoke, which is the great loans ot the Batatas, and, in fast, of every other tribe. Cape Smoke must be tested to be appreciated— provided the person thus experimenting survives. For be it known that Cape Smoke eoneiBts of wood aloohol, red pepper and sulphuric acid. Thia terrible concoction is relished by the Kafirs as no European drink is — they have not yet been civilised up to tbe level of the American 'mixed drink' But to return to the BasutoB. -For more than one hundred years this tribe bas been undergoing a prooess of forcible civilisation. Good men and women bave sacrificed their lives to the noble cause. Just before the present war began, there was a gathering of Indunas, or native priests, near tbe Free State border. Thousands of 'Christian1' natives attended. Two oxen were brought into a ring formed for tbe purpose. One of the animals was snow white, representing the British. The other, coal black, represented the Boexs. With weird incantations and wild dances, the Christianised Saeutos skinned the poor oxen alive. The white ox sooonmbed alter five hours of terrible agony; the black one lived for nearly a day and a night The gods of the 'Christian' Basntos had answered the oracle— the Boers would win. Tbe Kafir is a stoic With him, what is, is. I have seen the Zulu's toe crushed by a rock. Calmly be cut tbe injured member off, tied tbe wound up with a rag, and then as calmly resumed work. This stoicism it is that makes the Kafir sueh a formidable foe. The native does not know bis own power-doe to numerical superiority. Arm him with modern weapons and you build Frankenstein, who will prove as terrible conundrum as Mrs. Shelley's monster. For despite bis schooling and Christianising and dvilisiog, tbe Kafir re mains a Kafir, unable to forget his wrongs, and held in leash only through fear of the white man'a death-dealing weapons. Even now tbe Basutos are considering tbe advisa bility ot attacking the side that will lose in the campaign between the contending white men. Let the British be defeated a few more times, and even the loyalty of tbe Batuto chief, Lerothodl, will not be able to stem tbe tide. Tbe only preventive of open hostility, even ai this writing, ia the parliamentary form ol government ot tbe Basntos. One word more -, tbe blaok question in Sooth Africa will yet prove a far more serious ques tion than tbe black question in the South. And the white man must shoulder the blame, it is hie burden. Tbe New South Wales Railway Com missioners announce some important alteration in the tramway sections and fares, tfae change practically providing penny sect-ions throughout the city and suburban- lines. 