THE TRiGEDY OF 1 IDEM., COMPLETE' IN THIS ISSVJ8. 1 .by MRS. J. K. LAWSOH, Author of "Aunt Anna's Money," "A Con- . ; qnoror of Cirouinstqncos," Children of ' Calamity," " Tho Witch of tho Ben," &o.; tee. COBIBIOHI. CHAPTER I. T - BgsR E . was ; dying. , Ho opened his , ®yesi -looked fc ( into the eyes V e/fe of the woman who sat with his wasted hand in hers, smiled, .and with" a sigh of profound con tent closed them again; Tho woman, releasing his hand; deftly slipped be tween his parched lips a feeding-tube, and said, gently: " Drink this, dear." Ho sucked like a weak infant, draining tho feeding-cup. dry. With eyes, still closed ho smiled again, groping about weakly for her hand. To still, him. she laid her own gently upon his.- - . ' " My darling 1" ho murmured, and dozed off, after the manner -of the very side. Tho woman, 'ivlm was past her prime, and whoso hair retained its colour only by a toilet mystery;! wiis neither pretty nor beau tiful, as prettiness and beauty are generally . appraised, but there was that in ber coun- tonanco' which had the effect of both ; that which attracted, pleased, and held. Her face was not the ordinary, fenturc mask, more frequently . concealing than revealing the individual; it. was tho outward mani festation of an earnest and sincere soul, a cultivated intellect, a heart perhaps too largo for an evenly balanced judgment. Y«t, though not'exaetly beautiful, or what- might bo called pretty, no one would have, attempted to describo her as "plain," that awful word which spells doom to a.woman, so far as her fair share of human lovo is .concerned. Tho broad, full forehead, the expressive eyes, which had laughed much and wept much, the sensitive nostrils, the mouth, in whose curves still lingered much sweetness and ' tenderness, the round chin, with its. hint of a' dimple, made up a face which was certainly not "plain." In her. youth she had been considered "rather good-looking," and no doubt, hnd sho been careful to make the best of her looks, she might, by dint of curling and dressing and. posing in the proper attitudes on the proper occasions, have held her own with case, oven -among pretty girls. But she was peculiar in some ways. Her face, and bow it looked, had ever been the least of -her concerns ; sbo bad not patience enough to spend hours in tho mere process of titivation. ; Later on, however, she saw her mistake, and in a pathetic way tried to rectify it, realising that even worthy masculine friendships are ever won first b'y the pretty faces, framed in bewildering aureoles of hair, aureoles which have cost anxious and fatiguing hours of hot lamps and curling tongs, in the process of twirl ing them into the airy carelessness of the art which conceals art. For in just such ephemerally-spun webs do tho wings of thp sweet elusive little god get hopelessly en tangled; arid there must he hang aud buzz till the strain of life tears the web and — away he flies! _ , All that fond and foolish time was past, however, long past; and her eyes at this moment were profoundly, tenderly sad, in their intent contemplation of tho pale, Wasted face before her, illumined now by .that smile, of .ineffable content as by inner sunshine. She had seen that smile of old — certainly sho had never hoped to see it again in this world. " Thus had he looked when his head rekted on her' breast and he had murmured, "My wife!" in a happy, long- vanished time. Regarding him thus, tho expression of her face was that of one who has outlived the sorrow of sorrows, whose time of teais is past and done with ; who had looked calmly, into the future, knowing it could hold no worso than had already haxipened to her. In love she had been a transccndcntalist ; but she had found that no woman can, in the disposal of her life, afford to ignore the law — tho much-maligned, beneficent law — which, powerless to urrest the decay of love, secures at leas'i respect and sympathy for those who mourii that, decay. For tho woman who, inriapablo herself of incon stancy, refuscs .to credit tho possibility of -its development' Jn tbe man she loves, and risks all accordingly, there remains no such solace. To the whole world of society, nay— even to him for whom she has sacri ficed all — sho is but ono of a series. And to this' he had reduced her! — to whom ho owed everything — his standing iu society, his prosperity, nay life itself. Yet hero she was, watching by bim when tor- saken by the pretty trifler whoso glamour hnd mado him forswear honour, whose witcheries had riiade him that thing which angels weep over — a man that might have been. . Ia the course of an hour or so he awoke, mid, seeing her, his lips moved audibly. "Mv darling!" - The murmur was faint, but tho stronger pressure of the whito. fingers indicated in creasing strength. Sho withdrew her hand, and again fed him as one feeds an infant. This time he did not doze, the nourishment rather stimulated and roused him. "Havo I been ill, Katharine?"- he in quired, looking around wondcringly. "Yes — very ill. indeed," sho answered, re suming her scat by the bedside. " How Ions?" " Ob, well — quite a while. Ah — if there is any message you would like to leave, the doctor thinks I ought to take whatever you may say down in writing. We will see your wishes are fully carried out." . ".My wishes ! " Why?" She looked lit him pityingly, and spoke with great gentleness. . "The doctor thought— you know — that— if you recovered consciousness— I had better — in,, his absence — suggest this to you— in case — — " ... " Katharine !" he said, with a faint gasp, " why do you— did you — Heavens I do you mean to say T am dying?" " Edmonu, dear Edmonds — — " sho began, laying both hands on his imploringly. But a ffew broke on his forehead, and his eyes were wild in their despair. "And leave you, Katllarine? I cannotl Oh, 'don't say I must leave you, my darling." Dumbly uud with ineffable tenderness she wiped the agony- sweat from his brow and the tears that filled " his eyes. It touched her that ho had not yet regained full consciousness; that his mind' had re verted baok to and; was dwelling in that tirao when she and not another had been all in all to him. Tho fever whioh loft him had obliterated ail memory of the fate ful interval which lay between' then and now. . Tho door, whioh stood ajar, swung wide, and the doctor entered. He nodded ap- provingly at tho tableaux before him, and, sitting down at tho other side of the bed, laid his fingers on the patient's wrist, A slight surprise was manifest in the /'sudden uplift of tho doctor's eyebrows, in the look' ho flashed across to the nurse. " Am I dying, doctor?" " H'm — not if you go on like this/ There, is a very deoided improvement." A heavy sigh of . relief escaped the: sick man ; ho closed his eyes, but almost, imme diately opened them again, smiliug tip at his nurse. - . "What did I tell you, iny darling?"- he said, with a kind of-triumnh. . Tho nurse !ooked. at the" doctor implor ingly as the patient continued - " She — she thought I was (lying! As if —as if I eould leave' her.1' ' Ah I" said the dootor, stooping and looking into his . eyes critically. " Well, I may say it all lies with "your nurse now. Indeed, you aro 'safa.to think you owe your life to her skilful and unsolfish attention." . " Not for tho first time, either," the patient promptly responded ; and the doctor, rising and standing at the head of the bed, looked down' on him and shook his head significantly. "Ah— um — if you will just come into the next room, Mrs. Herriot, there's that pre scription. I— cr— h'm!" . The nurse followed him into, the hall And down the. stair. At. the -door he stopped; ! thoughtfully drawing rin his glrive. "Ho. may weather it after all. Good con stitution — temperate habits — all. in his favour, of course. Ah — or— just go on as you are doing, Mrs. Herriot, 'and1'— here, his face broke into an ainused smile— " don't contradiot him or -try to set hiin right, . even if he docs call you ' darling,' as he did just now. . Evidently he thinks you aire his. wife. Probably his mind may' bo confused for some days. Poor fellow 1 I pity him, tied to such a cowardly little shallow-pate, -but as he made his bed, so he must lie on it, I suppose. H'm — er — yes. Good;day.-' \- When slie came baok to the shaded room the patient was asleep. His breathing -was. soft arid regular as that of "a babe. With her hands tightly clasped before her she stood, tearlessly looking down on him as one, tearless, looks down upon the dead. "Mine, for a few hours longer I" -she breathed. " Mine, as you were long ago— as you havo been all these weeks 1 I have wrestled with Death for . you. Mine, ay, mine — for all that has come and r gone j Sleep sound— sleep long.. When you awaken fully you will bo mine no riioro, and for you, as for me, there waits only pain and, disap- fioiutment,- and the pitiful -realisation oi ifo's futility." . . f ; ' ' ; ' . . . . ' CHAPTER n. ..." It's rather awkward for you, Mrs. Her-' riot," remarked the doctor; '.'it is indeed.'.' The nurse smiled, faintly, wanly. "As you say, doctor, it is— awkward. I hardly think I can 'stand that sort of thing much longer. Do you' not think that the sight of his wifp might ' bring back his meiriory?" "But his wife won't come. She is stilJ in dread of infection!" Mrs. Herriot was silent, but the doctor saw a fine scorn in tile curl of her lip. "There are some jioor creatures in. this world, Mrs Herriot," ho -remarked. "Our patient married one of -them"; a pink and whito tricked;out piece of selfishness, who angled for him and caught him, seeing he had a good profession and would be likelj to afford her a good, easy time of it." "Couldn't you persuade her to come? Now that the house lias been. so thoroughly- disinfected, and her safety, as it were, guar anteed, I should think she would be only too glad and anxious to sec her husband." The doctor, by way of response, ele vated his eyebrows incredulously, and turned to go upstairs. ' "You just stay hero, Mrs. Herriot, for a few minutes, while I run up and see what wo can get him to say on tbe siibject. I think wo may risk it now. I'll try to re mind him of what he has forgotten." Ho' found the patient sitting in an easy chair, a fortnight's convalescence showing in his face .and the alertness of his expres sion. " Good morning! No need to ask how you are getting on now — eh?" "Thinks, doctor, I am improving every day, and I feel my strength returning. When will I he able to go' out?" , "Oh, by-and-by. There's no 1 dare say you are getting impatient to see your wife, ch?" " Oh, no !" laughed the patient, content edly. " I can see her whenever I want to. Sho has just gone out — a few minutes ago." " My dear fellow," began the doctor, sit ting himself down on a near chair and tak ing the patient's wrist in his fingers, "I think you and I must have a talk together this morning.' You have had a long and exhausting spoil of fever, which has weakened tlio nervous system considerably. As a con sequence, your memory is for the time being a little impaired ; but as you regain strength it will no doubt return gradually. "In the meantime, I must warn you not . to en courage this illusion whioh, seems to have taken -hold of you, tills idea of your nurso being, your wife." The ''patient smiled with great amuse ment. ... . " Tlin'nk you, doctor. Of course you can not understand. The mistake was natural, and she would not set you right. My nurse is my wife; if not according to law, then she sooti will be. Our arrangement was a mistaken one, although no truer marriage than ours cTev existed in the sight of God. Wo havo both been to blame in belittling the status which legality gives to marriage ; and there is no getting rid of tho fact that our arrangement, though made and agreed to out of the depths of our perfect faith and confidence in each other, and in accordance with our higher ideal of love being the only tie which should bind man and woman, still, as society is at present, it leaves the woman open to misapprehension and uisuii. Believe me, doctor, this shall be remedied at mice." ."H'm! li'm! Quite sol" the doctor re sponded tolerantly, while his professional, eye scrutinised keenly his patient's face. " Why, doctor, if I were to tell you what that woman has done for mei She helped mo when I couldn't very well help myself ; she roused my. ambition and stimu lated mo to mauly endeavour ;' nor did she relax her inliuenca for my good till I fairly stood on my own feet. Do you wonder that I wanted her and no other woman for my wife, notwithstanding a slight dis parity in years? But she wouldn't. No— not though years of desertion had left her free. On no account woutd sho contract legally again. But it was none the less marriage in the'highest sense of the word." "Humph!" said the doctor. ' " Yes— a pure marriage, founded on grati tude, genuine esteem, genuine friendship, and mutual love. But I see whore the error comes in now — my wifo must not be exposed a day longer to misapprehension and pain." The doctor patted hiin- on the shoulder, as one might pat a vexed child. . "No need for getting excited, my dear Hunt. Keep cool. Remember you are not long out of the valley of the Bhadow yet. I'll be round to see you this evening again." He was going, but the patient detained him. " One moment, doctor. . If I can get her to agree, could you sciid'a clergyman to. tho houso here — quietly, you know? We can purchase a liconsc, of course." "H'm! certainly, of course — if you wish it. But wo can' talk of that afterward. Only, you know, Hunt, now that you are coming to yourself ugain, do leave off call ing your nurse 'dear'- and 'darling' and all that sort of rot. It isn't good form, you know ; and certainly embarrassing to Mrs. Herriot, who is a highly respootablp woman, and one of oiir best nurses. You mustn't offend her, you know." Edmond Hunt sat'Staring dumbly at the door, - which had closed rather abruptly on the doctor's exit..-. "Now what is ho driving at?". he mut- tored, utterly bewildered. "I am sure I explained the situation clearly enough for him to see that -I was only , too willing For'somo.time-ho sat pondering the doc tor's words; also that peculiar tolerating smilo with which his explanation had been received. ; .Unable to comprehend .what it ail meant, he leant forward and pressed with bis finger a little gong that stood upon the table. ' Meanwhile the doctor had come down-, stairs,' and, seating himself in a chair, ho throw one leg over the other with , the un- oonscious abandon of a man that didn't liuow what to -make of it all. ' " It iB certainly a strange and to- me en tirely now instance. There is not only tho lapse of memory,. but there is also this delu sion, that he is not legally married to his .wife. . Also, that instead of the feather- headed nonentity she is, he has the- idea of her- being a high-minded woman, consider ably older thanhinisolf, who has been his prompter for . years — and so. .forth. Most ustomshiiucl And row nothinsj'will do but he must have a clergyman and have her legally married forthwith!" /The doctor paused a miriuto to have a-. - laugh at the vagaries of his patient, hnd: then resumed:- ', "And what is worse, he seems to asso ciate you in soiqe way with her; ahd alto-- , gether his brain is In a sad muddle, poor chap I" - ' : ' ' ; "It is. Altogether tho case is pitiful." - " I wanted to bring up Dr. Carstairs and Dr. Spraggo 'for a consultation ; but one is ill and the other is i in Paris just now." "I feel sure it would improve matters if, his, wife cbuld be brought here at once," said the nurse, insistently. "But she won't come. Nqf for another: ten days at least. She is. quite firm;- as firm ris cowardice can be-when self is the risk." " 1 " Supposirig I were to go and try to in- duco her to come?" " Well— you might try. . The sight of her might help to brush the cobwebs that fever has spun in his brain." The sound of tbo little gong floated down to them, and;the dootor rose -to go. . 1 Yes— h'm— yes, .you might try, any-' way.'-' . .. I will— before I am two hours older; and. if Mrs. Hunt does not do her duty to the man to whom she is legally married, then her duty must be.pointed out to her." . She went slowly upstairs, arid at the door paused a moment, pressing her hand hard .on her heart. " Only a little' longer, only a little longer," she breathed, and then she entered the room. He turned to her eugerly. "Look here, Katharine, I have como to a decision, which I want you to back up." ' . "Oh?" ., " Yes, dear. We made a mistake— a great mistake." . " But you; found that out long ago, when you fell in, lovo and married " "No, no — that was all right. Our mar riage was all 'right, and if society was as good as it ought to be, - it would be all right still. Our mistake lay in uot 'marry ing legally." ... .' -- "Yes," she responded quietly, " that al ways is a sad :mistake, for ono of tho con-, tractirig parties anyway." " Well, that mistake must'be' rectified. I am going to havo a license bought, and a clcrgymnn can come here, and you and I, Katharine, long mail and. wifo in true mar riage, shall he so in' tho eye of the law and before the world. I cannot have you open to misapprehension and possible insult any longer. You are dearer to me now, my Katharine, after this. long illness of mine,, than ever' yon were." ; She had gone White— white as ashes, and stood looking at him with her hand pressed hard-on her heart. " Why do you look at me so, Katharine? Are you afraid I shan't be able for the ex citement? Never fear ! The very thought that I ' am about "to claim you publicly strengthens me; After all, the .sanction of the. law. is not half bad, is it?" Sbo was a woman , to whom suffering had taught self-control, but for a brief space she lost it now! " Edmond ! Edmond ! Oh think— try to think— try to remember. Don't yon know? Have you forgotten tbo time that came when I was no longer enough for you; wbea I could no longer hold my own. against younger and more attractive women, when you forgot to )iay me tho respect due to a wife, doubly due to one who bad staked all on your honour, when you heaped tacit insult on me, day after day and week after week, -by your attentions to a pretty girl who glamoured you out of all sense of ob ligation to me — to me, but for whom you had never been in a position' to be even noticed by her? Have you forgotten, Ed mond Hunt, how I refused to degrade the saerodness ,of our wedded love by tolerating even the semblance of being other than an honoured and respected wife, and fled from you and your protestations that you were only fooling and flirting? Have you for gotten that you married that girl six months after I left you, and that she has now been your wife for three years?" The man's look of astonishment and fear was something pitiful to see. " Katharine ! Katharine 1 Oh, my darling, 'are you mad? I have no wife but you; I want no woman .but you ; no love but yours. Come here to me— my wife — my beloved." He held out his arms to her, and tears rained down his checks, but she did not move. Sho felt sho had forgotten herself too far already, o'crmastered by a resur rected anguish. "Try to undcratand,' Edmond — Mr. Hunt," she said, with studied utterance, " that I am only a ghost of the past which your illness has conjured up; that your wifo, your logaily married wife, lives, and I am going to bring her to you now, if sbo can be persuaded to come." He stared at her in bewilderment, and his face grew sharp. " If, as you say, I havo a wife other than j-ou, thou where is she? Why is she not here? Why is it necessary to persuade her to come to mo?" "You wore ill — very ill of fover — an in fectious fever." " Stay— this wife — do I understand'you to say that she left me when I was laid up, and that you " " Some peoplo have a natural horror of infection," she hastily explained. "And you? How was it you " "I? Oli, I was only a nurse — a trained nurse ; it lay in the lino of iny profession." CHAPTER ni. Tho young wife was fair, petite, and pretty. "Yes, yes, I know. Dr. Forrest has been to see me already about Mr. Hunt. I told liiui I could not possibly think of going near tho houso till it was thoroughly disinfected." "It has been disinfected — thoroughly — under my own supervision. Tbe druins are ail right ; Mr. Hunt must have caught the fever somewhere- outside his own house. I can usuro you, you will bo perfectly safe." . " But, dear me, whut does Mr. Hunt want mo for so soon? It is so selfish of him to ask ino to run any risk until ho is quite better, and able to go out." "Mr. Hunt does not want you, neither does ho wish you to eome. On the contrary, he has forgotten your existence entirely." " Well, I never I" " And it is in order to bring back a recol lection of you to his mind that I- rntreac you to come and. show yourself to aim nt once. Both Dr. Forrest aud myself think that if he could see you in the room and hear your voice this" unfortunate lapse of . memory could bo remedied." " Ah ! I see. But of courso you would still attend to him — what nursing he jeo'Is, you know." He can hardly expect me to be cooped up with him in a sick-room day und night. I simply couldn't do it." "No— you couldn't.. Dr. Forrest, whom I spoko to on that subject, will send a con valescent attendant from tho hospital." "Brit why can't you stay? Ho is used to you. If you want more pay-: — " "It is uo question of pay. I am simply not able to Btay longer. I am not fit to bear the strain. It bos. been a long and a trying illness, and it was only by tbo closest welching that we pulled him through at all. Now that we have brought him back to you from tho grave, as it were, we want you to come and complete his recovery." Tho pretty woman knitted her white brows, round which tho silken bnir clung in soft hnlf-Gurls, while she meditatively fingered the riciiiy-jowelled rings on her taper fingers. Then sho said slowly, with her eyes on the rings:. ' "I'm sure I don't know what to .think. No one can accuse me of being inattentive, and although I am here, living with mamma, we got' the very best' medical advice, and a .trained nurse — tbe dootor tells mo you havo really saved him by your, skilful nursing. - Then there has been a bulletin sent here overy day. direot from the dootor himself ; we havo done everything that coald be ex pected in the aircuinstances — everything. And anxious ! You can't think such un anxious time it hus been. So" miserable ! Of course, I could go nowhoro while Mr. Hunt wfts lying so ill— people would have, talked. And I did so'want to go to Mrs. Halleck's garden party. The -very best people were there, and there, was a lovely, picnio iip the river, too. But of course there I wasA.tied tu my husband's bedside I might say; So you qrin sce I have suffored- too. . . ; - . .. > :. /'At what hour can .you como?.- inquired the nurse, somewhat wearily, as she rose to go. "Well— lot mo see. Ah! I'll toll- you. You just stay., on a fow days longer, and , I'll drop you a note to-morrow to say when you' may expect me, How. does . ho. look? Awful, I suppose?" ; , "You must come at once, madam. . Un less you-wish to lose -him altogether," The pretty wife flushed, resenting tho cold firmness , of. the nurse's . tone. "Losehim!" y- "Yes— Lose him. Ho /will not believe bo has a wife.. : Ho says. be never ihairied you, and raves continually about some other woman, and-; — " " "Oh, be docs, does he? I'll. soon show him," cried the wife, with sudden vigour. " When— at what hour "I shall go now — this instant. Tho ideal Just wait till I dress, will you?" ; Then, with sudden anxiety, she looked up through the window, and her faco clouded. "Do you think it will ram? I don't want to get there .looking like a fright. Rain" is such a nuisance for taking the eurl out of ono's' liair. Now — you think it is . quite safe — ho is recovered enough?" " Yes. Dr. Forrest thinks we are safe to try the experiment without danger to Mr. Hunt." " Oh, it isn't that I was afraid of, - X mean, is it safe for lbe?" " Quite safe," tho nurse responded, list lessly. ' "Oh, stay— don't dismiss the cab," Mrs. Hurit cried, when at the door of thehouce Katharine Herriot stepped down, purse in hand, to pay. . "I shall go biiek with it, of course." " Very well," sqid.tho passive nurse, and tbey ascended the steps together. - " I think," said Mrs. Hunt when they got .inside, "I shall go to my room and take off my hat, mid muko myself presentable be fore. going in to sco bim. Do: you -know, I am quite nervous— I smell drugs." "That is nonsense. It is only a whiff of carbolic tho servant is using. . It is whole some." " Well, tlien, I shall go to my room ; and you can tell liim I am here, and will be in to seo him in' a minute." Tho invalid was resting in his chair, his head leant back, and liis eyes closed. " Are you asleep ?" said Mrs. Herriot, softly. . 'No," he answered, opening his eyes and holding out his hand invitingly ; " I wus thinking, Katharine, of you. I have been thinking back, away back, and I am going to ask your, forgiveness. I behaved very shab bily f"o you ; I seo it all now. I am ashamed of myself. : I must have been mad. I had no business to go flirting with that shallow- b'rained flip' of a girl, but really I meant no harm. When you were away tbey kept in viting me, and it was lonely when you were at your sister's during her illness, and I got drawn into tbe whirl bofore I knew. Of course, tho girls were not to know I waB married to you, and I liked a dance, and tliero it was. I was a vain, weak- minded fool, but I never really cared for any of them. I told you so at the time." "Yes," said the nurse; "all the same, you went again und yet again. It is past now. I made a mistake; please do not speak of it any more. My head aches so I thiuk I am going to be ill. Now, while I am able, let mo beg of you one favour. Do not betray me when your wife comes iu. ' It can do no good now. I havo brought her to. sec you ; try, oh try, to remember. She is your wife, whom you married six months after I, left you." The invalid with a puzzled look pressed his hand to his brow, and gasped once or twice ere ho could find words. "I cau't think; my head feels so queer, and But, Katharine; there was a girl, if I had not looked out, would havo roped mo in — sure. Sho was awfully pretty, I remember, but for the life of ino I cannot recollect how . it all elided. But there — what does it signify? 'Lot the dead past bury its dead' in your furgiveness. AO . heart I loved you mid you only, as you surely know." , " Edmond Hunt," breathed the nurse in': 'a low und solemn yoiuc, " this must cease. Your wife is here — upstairs." "Wife!" he shouted. "Are you mad, or am I? Why do you keep dinning this into my ears all tho time? You know I bavo no wifo but " "Oh, yes, you have, Ed.," interposed a clear, cold, incisive voico from tho open door. " You have a wife, and I havo como to prove it." 'v Ho started, and, turning, saw, framed in tho doorway, sa pretty woman, faultlessly attired, regarding him with a sharp, angry spurklo in her blue eyes. ' Tho spurklo seemed to five something in his own ; a slow dawning wonder crept, over his face, a shiver ran through him visibly, his hand rose slowly, palm outward, as if to ward off some coining blow — the word " Amy" was formed by his blue lips. " Yes, Ed., it is I— Amy Hunt — your wifo'; und I should like to "bear you deny it;" His dilated eyes were fixed upon hers, his lips were parted in the intensity of his gaze, into which had come recognition. "Gome — conic— hero," ho gasped, but she shook her head and stood back. "No — not yet, Ed. I'm awfully sorry, hut I know you want to kiss mo ; it's natural yori should, dear. But kissing is so dreadfully dangerous. Microbes, you kuow — bacilli — germs, nnd all those horrors. Besides, oh, Ed ! you do look such a fright. Why don't you send for a barber to sliuvo you? Mrs. Herriot has been awfully good to you, I believe. I am so glud you are better. It has been such a weary; such a trying time, Ed. I never went out to a single thing — peoplo would have talked so if I bad. But I can go now, Ed., dear." Thus sho rambled on, with half tho room between them, now with a smilo showing her small whito teeth, now with a becoming lift of tho eyebrows; now with a pretty gesture of the lmtid or captivating pose of tho figure; wliilo he sat staring at her — staring, staring witii full recognition — at lust ! Also with a sudden and vivid awaken- iug to the irremediubleness of tlio situation. Aren't you going to speak to me, Ed. ?'.' sho continued, slightly alarmed by the stern ness of his stare. " Don't you know yon are my hubby, und I am coming homo soon, maybe next week, to stay with you for good, ' till death do us part,' as the Dray or- book savs?" The invalid turned bis troubled oyes from beholding tbo old- remembered coquetry, aiul they wundcred wistfully urouml tlio room, as if in search of something they wished to see. Then bo threw nut his arms into the empty air with a despairing cry: "Katha rine ! Katharine !" and sank back swooning. His wifo sprang to tho boll and rung it furiously. " Tell tbo nurse to como hero instantly," slia cried, when tho maid appeared: " Tell her to hurry. Mr. Hunt has fainted." " The nurse, ma'am? Sho has just driven off in tho cub." Threo weeks inter Airs. Hunt, installed once more in bcr own house, was scan ning tho evening paper, intorspersing tbo items of news with a lively little fusilude of comments on. society topics. Tbe doctor had advised her to kcop him as livcty mid obeerful as possible, in order to countornct ths unaoeountablo dopression of spirits, tho habitual melancholy, which seemed to re- - turd his complete recovery. "Oh, Ed., listen to this: — AT tho General Hospital,' of fever, Airs. Katharine Herriot, nurse. Deeply lumonted by all who knew her., "Weill, wolll That must bo tho Airs. Herriot who nursed you through tho fever-; ' and now she's gono and taken it herself. Caught it from you. Well ! well ! That clearly proves, Ed., den'r, that I 'was right jn staying . away as I did. One cannot bo too careful. ' Only think, Ed. , I Just fancy! It might have been ME !" Nearly tho whole South African plateau is covered with a long, slender grass, which, under the fierce snn, is often us dry us tinder: Nothing eun livo in a veldt-fire, nnd in Jts passing it leaves a desert. . Under, the corei- of the amoko that arises the Boers can utiliso that strategy for which thej are famous. 