i Miff m & GEHTLEMAH > r BY RICHARD MARSH, Author of. 'The Beetle," "A Mystery," The Datchet Diamonds," 'The Crimte and the Criminals," etc., etc. CHAPTER XXIL— (Continued). Mr Polhurston was manipulating the scoring hoard with his back towards Doliie. "How many, points shall I give you?" "Sixty, at least." "Thai's a lot." "I ought to have seventy; you play bet ter than Jack, and he gives me eighty." "Does he ever win?" "Well, sometimes — when he's disagree able." "And I suppose when you're agreeable he loses." "That's one way of putting it, no doubt. Do you know I'm beginning to suspect that you're sarcastic; that you hardly ever mean what you say; that nearly all your speeches have a double meaning. That's a kind of character I particularly dislike." "I'm sorry that I should come within the definition of the kind of character to wards which you have such a natural aversion." "You're not a bit sorry; you're laugh ing at me now. But I don't care. I be lieve you're a mystery — that your whole life's a mystery; like one of those tales which come out in penny numbers, and keep on coming out for years and years because the mystery wants such a fright ful lot of unravelling." "Perhaps a similar good fortune may attend on me. I believe that the lives of noteworthy criminals are occasionally published." "Are you a noteworthy criminal?" He shrugged his shoulders. "I beat you the last game." 'Yes, . and if you beat me this, you'll be a criminal of the very deepest dye. No excuse will be accepted. I'll take seventy instead of sixty; you're to start. You're not to give a miss— you're to play at the red, and you're to leave both halls over the pockets— you haven't told me what you'll do if the man's found guilty." "How do you mean; what I shall do?" "Shall you let him hang?" "What steps do you expect me to take "to prevent it— cut the rope?" "Do you mean to say that you will let him hang when you know he's Innocent." "I did not say I knew that he was in nocent." "But you do know — I'm sure of It" To him there seemed to be something significant in her tone. He cut the red into the middle pocket; then he looked at her. "You are sure of it?" "Don't you know that he is innocent?" She appealed to him with a little im perative gesture. He chalked his cue, smiling as he did so. "My dear Doliie, you appear to attribute to me a variety of qualities. I'm a man of mystery, and now, it seems, I'm a man of knowledge too. To be able to posi tively aflirm that this man was innocent, I should require to know who was guilty." "Don't you?" "Don't I what?" "Don't you know who killed Mr Shap- cott?" He still smiled, as he glanced at the tip of his cu to see If the process of chalking was complete. "You -flatter me by supposing that if I did I should have kept. the knowledge to myself. It would have made me acces sory to the fact." She impatiently brushed a truant lock back from her ear. "All I can say is, I don't understad it In the least. Directly I heard what Jack was going to do, I made up my mind there was going to be a pretty complica tion; for I felt sure that you wouldn't re lish the idea of his getting the prisoner off, and now it seems that it is all the other way. What I feel is, if you don't know that the man is innocent, why are you so anxious that he should be acquitted "X, And if you do know, why don't you say so? It almost looks as if you didn't want to pay that L200 reward you offered." "You think so? You mustn't always trust to looks. It's your turn. Now you've got the balls you ought to run right out." "I don't care to play any more thank you; I've had enough. I'm. no match for you; you can win whenever you please — I believe if you gave me ninety-nine out of a hundred; and I don't care to be made a laughiDg-stoclc. If you don't mind, I think I'll go and write to Jack. I must write to him to- day, and this may be my only chance, I'll tell him what you've told me." "Do!" "Though I don't in the least under stand' what it is you have told me. But I can only do my best to make things plainer to him than, they are to me." " Beyonid doubt in your efforts to ac hieve lucidity you will be successful. You will bring to the task the sufficient quali fication of a calm and well- balanced mind." She looked at him; slue replaced iTeT cue in the rack; and she left the room in something very nearly approaching to a pet. When he was left alone Mr Polhurston laughed to himself as if in the enjoyment of some private and particular joke; and he tried bis hand at some nursery can nons. CHAPTER XXIII.— A VOICE FROM THE OTHER SIDE. In front of the house was a muddy pond, partially filled with water, whose surface was coated with green slime. On one side of .this was a hedge. Between the pond and the hedge was a narrow, ill-kept foot path which led to a broken clapper gate. Within this gate was what had once been a garden of fair size, but which was now t little less than a piece of waste land so overgrown was it with weeds and thistles. About the centre of this piece of ground was the house itself, a one-storyed erec tion, built of stone, with a slate roof. As Mr Polhurston stood at the gate he felt that he had never seen a more unpro mising abode. Everywhere were the marks of ruin and decay. From the ap pearance of things, it was years since a spade bad been put into the ground. A small outbuilding which stood on one side of the house, and which had, possibly, once been a cowshed was falling to pieces. Of what had once been a pig-sty, nothing was left but rotting timbers. The house itself stood badly in need of repairs. The one chimney pot was a shat tered wreck. Slates were missing from the roof; green moss covered most of those which were left; while on one side flour ished a patch of vigorous nettles., it was difficult- to believe that anyone could be living in so neglected a dwelling- place, and when one reflected on its aloof ness from other human habitations, that the nearest house was almost a mile away , and had to be reached through narrow, winding lanes, which, at this season of the year, mud rendered almost impenetrable, and remembered that It was the abode of a young and pretty girl, who was its sole occupant, one could but hope, for her own sake, that she was fond of solitude that her nerves were in good order, and that she had ways and means of her own for preventing the time hanging too heavily on her hands. The place seemed so utterly deserted, and eo wholly void of Signs of life, that, as he picked his way between the thistles which hemmed in the narrow path, Mr Polhurston concluded that the girl must be away. He was, therefore, the more surprised when, almost as soon as his knuckles touched the panel, which stood badly in need of repainting, the door opened, and the girl stood confronting h'.m on the threshold. The girl's startling resemblance to the one who was gone, the suddenness with which she had opened the door, these things, joined to a consciousness of the delicate nature of his errand, and to his retrospective and even somewhat morbid mood, tended to disconcert him. He stood hesitating, as if doubtful what to say. It was she who addressed him. "Well? What do you want?" "I wish to speak to you? May I com in?" She drew back, so as to permit him to enter; then closed the door. His awk wardness had not deserted him, even after his entrance. He still continued tongue-tied, staring at her as if she were some spectre, instead of a creature of flesh and blood. It was again she who broke the silence. "I knew you would come." . - Even her voice was another's. He stared about him like a man in a dream —dimly realising that whatever the house might appear without, within it was a model of neatness and order. The scanty, furniture was polished until it Iione again. The stone floor was spotlessly, clean. The kitchen utensils were ex amples of unremitting care. Nowhere was there 'a suspicion of dust. Some half- dozen books were on the shelf at one side. The only ornament which the room contained was the cabinet portrait of a young man, which hung against the wall. ... Seeing the preoccupation of his mood, she repeated what she had said, as if she supposed it bad been unheeded. "I knew you would come!" Her voice caused him to glance at her again. As he did so, it was as if a flood of memory swept over him. He seemed to he-looking, in very deed and very truth, at his boyhood's love. The re semblance was little short of marvellous. It was not only an affair of form and fea ture, but of expression, pose, a dozen little tricks of speech and gesture which were as fresh in his recollection as on the day on which he had seen them last. A wild, unreasonable, desire sprang up within him to take her in his arms and strain her to his breast; but it was a desire which was not to be encouraged, for— for some reason which, as yet, was strange to him— in her bearing there was hardness, scorn, almost rage, which was far from suggesting a caress. "You knew that I should come?" "Yes. I knew it." "Then you know who I am?" "I should think I do know. I ought to. You are Mr Blaise Polhurston." "I am. I trust that you also know that I am a friend of your mother's." In his voice there was a note of tender ness which was very far from finding an echo in hers. "Her friend? Her enemy you mean." "Her enemy? God forbid! That I never was." "Your mother and you hounded her to death between you." "You are under some strange delusion. I would have given my life to have saved hers. Indeed, I have given her the best part of it as it is." "You are not only my mother's enemy, juu are aisu mine: "Yours? I am your enemy? You dream!" Her manner of addresing him was so en tirely different to anything which he had expected, that he was taken more and more aback. "Do you think that I know nothing of what goes on in the world? You credit me with too much ignorance. Do you think that I don't know that my father — my father"— she repeated the word, with add ed emphasis, "has been murdered, and that you have all his money, and that I, his child, have none?You hounded my mother to her death — for all I know you have had a hand in the killing of my father— you take the inheritance which should be mine, and then, when I say you are my enemy, you exclaim that I dream. What then, in your judgment, goes to the making of an enemy?" He sank on to a chair which was at his back. Her words were so unexpected, the charges wtth which she assailed himsoun- loolced for, that in the first flush of his amazement, he could but stare-ra fact on which she placed her own interpretation. "Does your conscience prick you that you stare at me as if I were a ghost? I had supposed, from what I heard of you, that you had got beyond the stage in which you would be likely to find a con science a troublesome possession." "You are mistaken. My conscience still troubles me more than sufficiently at times, though not for that which you sug- gest. There it's clear. Until the last few ' hours I did not know that a child of your mother's was living, and, still less, 'that Howard Shapeott was your father." "Ob, yes, he was my father. My mother committed suicide, my father was murder, ed; what can I do to complete the tra,- gedy? All my life, fingers have bear pointed at me." / — "You are sure jtou don't exaggerate?/ "Exaggerate!" She laughed— not a plea sant laugh to hear issuing from a yoi'-S girl's lips. "Ask the parish if I exaggedfce. Ask the first person on whom you corf I'm not Helen Fowler's child;if my mpi:r didn't drown herself; if I haven't beethe cause of all the trouble at the great Risej and if there's any better prospect F toe than to do as my mother did, or' torse. My mother's folk threw these tl's® in my face so long as any of them "e liv ing, and now that they are gone'hat ig there for me to do but to stay-re, all alone, and think of them, mor>=> noon and night?" "You could hardly have cho a more unhealthy occupation. No yer your mind is filled with such imairiS's' A' young girl ought not to live 'le in such a place as this." ( She laughed again. i "Where else should I liver®er what ' other roof should I seekfe" This place is my own. And ai'helng alone in it, Td rather. I ne$?.out In the day-time where people look at me, and thrust each oth side, and ay. There she goes! JP3 Helen Fow- „ terrierd'og7 guarantreoi'SS ler. "When I want to go out I wait tfll af ter dark, so that I can. have for company the creatures' of the night They don't -point at me apd tell each other who I am." There was an air of wildness about the fashion in which she said this which was not without a pathos of its own. It went . bo ill with her beauty and her youth. \- "But how do you live? Have 'you . means?" . "No, I've no means — you've all my father had.' Again there' came that jarring laugh.. "It's little enough I . want in the way of food. And as for clothes, they last me a long time, . since I see so little company." As she spoke Mr Polhurston could not help but observe that the print dress which she \v wore seemed new, and how tastefully it \ was fashioned, and how well it became f \ her. V- "The little money I. want I earn by sewing ; I go far afield for work, where folks don't know me; they trust me Vitb St, and let me bring it home to do it here." \- ""here was a'pause before Mr Polhur- ei \ spoke again. He chose his words wlfc. such care as .he could, for the feel ing \ ,s strong upon him that the situa tion m_s more delicate even than he. had supposed. _ I cannot hut think that the story of my acquaintance with your mother, whom I loved, esteemed, and honored, and Would, if I could, have made my wife " . "iou wouia nave made ner your wiie '"It I could— indeed! I cannot but -think that this story has been told you by some prejudiced person, to the serious disadvantage of my share in it. I must beg you; for the moment, to take my word for it, when I say that I would have done v all I could for your mother, just as, now ._ I will do all I can for her child. As you observe, I have your father's money. As I have already told you until quite re cently I did not know that Howard Shap- cott was your father. "Why he made me his jieir I cannot tell you; I had never any 'g suppose that he intended doing E o, % $fg of the kind. But now that Iaj iuainted with the truth, you may rd, m jSfeured that I will see that justice 11 $ fcfne." "What g b you mean by saying that you willl that justice Is done?" "You p\ J me a poor compliment by asking such a question. Surely my mean ing must be sufficiently obvious. I had no claim on Howard Shapcott— you are his child. "- She shrank away. 'Fe has never been to ine a father. He never treated me as his child ; I never saw him. I don't want his money now that he is dead." "You, at least, have a better right to it than I; as you yourself have pointed out." "They were only my wild words ; I didn't mean it." She drew farther back from him, as if fearful that he would proffer her the the money there and then. "Do not be afraid. We shall not quar rel, you and I. Everything shall be done in due and proper" order. My trust Is that you may learn to know me better, and like me none the less with increased knowledge. What we have to do at pre sent, you and I, is to arrange some plan" by which you can remove with the least ' delay, from this lonely cottage, and take up your residence in some place better suited to your age and situation. My opinon is, that the farther away , you go, within reason, that is, the better." . "I don't want to leave this house." "You must. ' On that point there can be no two opinions. It is not right that a young girl should live, like a solitary ibermit, all alone by herself, at the other end of nowhere." It was plain that the decision with which he spoke, blended, as it chanced to be, with something which was, at the v same time, both humorous and tender, impressed the girl even against her will. A chord seemed to be touched which had .1 hitherto remained quiescent in her bosom. She exclaimed, with apparent sudden im pulse; "I will go and fetch a letter which I have to give you from my mother." Before he could reply, she had vanished into the adjoining room. Her words, wholly unforeseen, and, to him, myste rious, had thrilled him. He sat, in a state of suspensive doubt, expectant of he knew not what. Even yet he had -«ot been able to shake himself wholly free of the feeling that he had returned, at least in part, to the days of long ago; that he had taken up, as it were, a thread whichTiad long been dropped, and in so doing had been restored to the pre sence of his old love in a new form. The incident had, for him, almost a flavor of the supernatural. He had lived so long with and for a ghost, that now it almost seemed as if, all at once, the ghost had been clothed with flesh, and filled with the breath of life. He found it impos sible to shake himself free of a prepos terous half-suspicion that this girl was the girl whom he had loyed— the very one —with whom time and circumstance had played some trick, for the delusion of his senses. So that when she spoke of giv ing him a letter from her mother, as if she were close at hand to write it, it seemed to he the one toucn which was : needed to complete the confusion of bis brain. Presently the girl returned, bearing an envelope in her hand. She spoke with a catching in her breath, as if in a tremor , of excitement as she spoke, in spite of the agitation of his mind, he was con- fctrained to perceive, as In a sort of mist, how pretty she looked, and how like her " who was gone; ; j- "They found this- after— mother— went. iWhen .I grew up they, gave it me.; I've f kept it ever since. It's foryou." She delivered to him the envelope ; he accepted it with shaking hand. He. held It for a moment; silently, a haze seeming to gather before his eye3. When he could he looked at it It was yellow with age. On it something was written; the ink had grown dim. The writing It self was of 'that careful yet uncertain sort which betokens the unpractised scribe. "Let the child have this, to give to Blaise Polhurston when she sees him, as she will some day." That was what was written on the en velope. As he read, he held his breath. Then he opened the envelope, and took out what was within. On a sheet of common paper, written with a l-'>d pen and worse ink, there was this let?) er: "Dear Blaise. — , "You've Jjeen very good to me,'! though I've been very bad to you. I've always loved you best,' though . I've been so wicked. But I couldn't help it; he made me. I believe your mother set him on. But I know that's no excuse, so I'm go ing. to make an end. I know you'll for give me for having been so wicked, be cause I know you would forgive me any thing. So I want you to help the child, If ever she needs help — which she's sure to, because he'll do nothing, nor give a pennyworth more than he is forced. I want you to do it, dear Blaise, for my sake, although she's his. God knows 1 love you best, and always have. So 1 am, dear Blaise, in spite of alL your loving "HELEN." That was the letter, a poor screed, after writing which it appeared that the woman straightway went and drowned herself. So that it seemed to be, In more than a merely figurative sense, a voice from the other side. This man, with his queer, composite nature, had made of the woman an idol, for whose Eake he had esteemed the world well lost He read the letter through, hearing in it her voice speaking to him, seeing in it her very soul, the very heart of her. After that one read ing, the mere words were indelibly printed on his brain, to keep always in plain sight; and, with them, the message it con veyed of love, weakness, trust; that com bination >of dissonant qualities which had made her what she was. So that, for the present, the one reading was enough. He gave the letter to the girl. "There," he said, "Is my authority to help you." He laid his head on the bare boards of the deal table, encircling it with his arms, so as to conceal his face. He was still, while the girl, standing at his side, in her turn read her mother's letter, with, an her pretty countenance, - wonderment writ large. CHAPTER XXIV.— THE DEPUTATION His sister met him on his return to the house. She had evidently been waiting his arrival, because, directly he appeared round the bend, so as to bring him within line of the door, she came hastening down the avenue. A golf-cap was thrown over her head. She was in what for her was a state of excitement. "Blaise, the deputation's come." "The deputation?" He glanced at her out of the corners of his eyes, as she fell, in by his side. » "Yes, the deputation— about your stand ing for the division. It seems that Mr Glenthorne's very ill— it's perhaps only a question of hours, and there's a feeing among the people that something ought to be settled at once— at any rate, provision ally, especially as the other side have got their candidate, who's already in the field. So they've come over to press you to be come the member— which is what it am ounts to. Why do you smile like that?" "Mayn't I smile?" "Oh, you may smile, so long as you do it in the proper way. But that's not a proper way. What's the matter with you? Is anything wrong?" "Is it likely when all's for the best in this best of all possible worlds?" "Pray don't be cheaply cynical. If you must go in for that kind of thing, at least try to raise your style a little above the common ruck. It sounds smarter, and, in that sort of talk, sound does mean- so much. There's Colonel Liddell inside; he says he met you in town." "On a memorable occasLn. I remem ber that it was he who first spoke to me of Philip Glenthorne." "He's very keen that you should stand, but, of course, that's only natural; they all are." "Most natural." It was her turn to peep at him askance; but, if she suspected, a second meaning in his words, she allowed no hint of her sus picion to escape her. "Then there's George Treevennack and John Eva, of Redruth, and Sir Charles Hayner, and the Vicar— five in all." "It will give me great pleasure to meet these gentlemen." < They had reached the house. As they entered the hall, Mrs Hamilton turned and faced him. "I hope you're not going to be silly, Blaise, 05. worse. Mother's in there." v"Mother '"s in there?— I will bear that well in mind." ' (To be continued.) The young lady who has charge of fte Vfefant class in one of our Sabbath schools called at the home of one of the scholars, and addressing the mother, said: "I called to. see if anything was ailing wee Tommy. I missed him on Sabbath from the class.' " 'Deed," replied the mother, "he had a gey sair turn o' the toothache, an' wasna in a state to gang." "Oh, what a lee," replied Tommy, to, the horror of the mother, "it was 'cause I hadna a clean dickey." 