Adelaide News. Mrs A. T. Boas, wife of the Rev. A* T. Boas, i has left on a holiday visit to Melbourne. | Mrs. S. Briensky has left ®n a visit to her brother in Melbourne. j The barmitzvah of the son of Councillor Meyers took place in the Synagogue on Sab bath last. The opening lecture in connection with the Adelaide Jewish Literary Society was given by the President, Rev. A. T. Boas on Wednesday, 18th inst., the subject being 'Folk-lore.' There was one of the largest : audiences ever : present at one of the society's lectures. Mr. Boas, though treating his subject from a broad standpoint, yet confined himself largely to Jewish illustrations °of his points. After dealing with the value of folk-lore in tracing the effect of the commingling of nations, and in giving some idea of the nature and thoughts of peoples, the lecturer quoted and explained a large number of the quaintest stories and superstitions prevalent .among all nations, and from the earliest periods to the present day. The carious customs in connection with births, deaths and marriages were dealt with, and their origin and meaning explained. The belief in ghosts, so prevalent in medieval times as to constitute almost a science in demonology, and which was not yet dead by any means, was also touched upon. One of the quaint sayings about marriage seemed to attract par ticular attention, viz , the old couplet — Marry in May, Rue for aye. A very pleasant and instructive evening was spent, and at the conclusion of the lecture Mr. J. H. Solomon, B.A., LL.B., proposed a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Boas for the trouble and attention he must have devoted to the preparation of such an excellent paper. Captain Daniels seconded the proposal. lie was sure he was voicing the feelings of all present in saying that he had thoroughly enjoyed himself and had acquired a good deal of information. Rev. Mr. Boas suitably responded. The following additional donations are acknowledged by the Treasurers (Messrs. C. Lazer and J. E. Stone) in aid of the Schwartz family : — Sol. Levy ... ... ... £0 2 6 Help-in- Need Society ... 2 2 0 — White ... . ? 0 10 6 Montefiore Home ... ... 5 0 0 Sa!ul Solomon ... ... ... 1 0 0 Weber Lohman and Co. ... ... 3 12 0 Baron de Hirsch Aid Society ... 1 1 0 A. H, Baumberg (Wollongong) ... 0 5 0 Total to date ... , ??? 40 13 0 Expenditure: Passport 15/- ;. three and a quarter tickets, paid to Weber Lohman and Co. £40 10s ; Mrs i Schwartz, 10/-, Audited and found correct.— A. Harris The family leave by 'S.S. Gera' on 5tb inst. The Hon. Treasurers return thanks to the donors of the amounts acknowledged. Intending purchasers of tickets in Mrs. A. A. Levy's art union are kindly asked to send for same to Albion-street, Surry Hills, at once 