, Ths Cook Jpane Ghost, 'Bo 'inucl? that is out of tbe ordinary I ^ud.-s^ uiuoh thjit borders -upon tbe oscult enters into the narrative we are about to consider, that it is above all things necessary to rebitetbe undis puted faot at the .story with rigid severity and precision. These is'prftctieally no dispute as to Ttli6tiiwoci|)iil paints; all tbe con troversy turns upon tbe inferences and deduction*. Tbn fact that spiritualism ' enter* largely into tbe story is suflicienl in it sale ti malm most people prejudiced at the outs t, uud cause them to regard 'the boroim* of the stotyafe au impostor . without giving her a fair case and Impartial .bearing. For tlio fiiko of ' "such 'vro'may only say that although the grant maturity are opposed to i< belief in spiritualism,' yet t lie it, is ;. Stnhll but by no means insiguilicnu: minority who pledge their faith to i't and are ready to advance numerous proofs in its support. An open mind shajild. therefore bo Jtept when any O«5umstiiubb£t«ndiu^to support or to -aonfutethe epiritualistio theory is '= J#dvattced. "' . »» . r In the pue,; before us the person ohioSy toBcErhid wtts merely a ohild twelve years old, who, it might be ...thought, could have ,bad no ulterior . motive in practising a deception which wos bound to be discovered iMalse, to ! ^.]bring:.4»e»vy Mnishmentaptm herself and her frienas, and todo great injury to a cause ehe may ;have withed to strengthen. Yetitmaybepointedout that it te most unusual for a<child of ' poor education andof such tenderyears to eK^^e faersel^to^ll aorts of trouble for the sake o! helping a theory which '. fthe^OaUl taot paisfiibly have perfectly understood. Wo will relate tbe historic {acts as briefly as possible. THE MYSTERIOUS KNOCKINGS. . In the year 1762 there lived in Cock Lane, a narrow thoroughfare in Smith field, theclerkof St Sepulchre's Churoh. His name was Parsons, and he made a little extra money by letting apart ments. His rooniB were taken by a ' woman of shady reputation calling herself Miss Fanny, and the landlord's daughter, twelve;, years old, slept with; ber. When Miss Fanny had been in the bouse a few days she complained' of violent knockings which kept her awake all night. She said the sounds were like the hammerings of a shoe maker, and,, strapge to say, .there was a shoemAker living noxt door. It was ' easily' discovered, However, that the kno'ckings: took place at a time when he was not atworjt, and oontinned all Sunday, when he was out of the bouse. It was not Miss Fanny alone who heard these noises. First tbe mother and the father were brought in and heard them distinctly, then the neighbours were invited, and tbey were also abundautly satisfied. No secret at this time- was made of the affair, but all who cared to come and listen were welcome, and almost invariably the mysterious knockings soluted their ears. Miss Funny, uot caring to be in-a house to which so much attention was drawn, hurriedly left; and she died some time afterwards in Clerken well. From the time that shp left to the time that she died, eighteen months altogether, not. a knock was heard in Cock Lane; but as soon a3 Miss Fanny died ? the - knockings ^ recommenced. They always took place in the room in which tbe landlord's daughter was placed, and nowhere else. The parents changed her room, but with no success. Directly the girl got into bed she went into a fit, and knockings and scrutchings wore hoard. The father came to the conclusion .that a ghost wished to communicate something of importance to the mate rial world. When the knocking* began he commenced to put questions, and he requested the ghost to reply by knockings in such a manner that be would be able to understand what tbey meant. A nieBsago was then conveyed to him that tbo spirit engaged in knocking was that of tbo now decoased Mibb Fanny, and she wished him, it appeared, to know that she hod been poisoned by a gentleman, Mr Kent, with whom she Lad led nil evil life. BEGINNING OP TUB KXCITii MENT. . This was. nil unexpected develop-1 wont. The sensational story soon got abroad, and Cook Lane became a notorious place in London. It was visited by hundred!) and thousands of persons. Ladies of fashion, Ministers of State noblemen, and their wives, clergymen, and all the prominent people of the day, including the fani ons ]lr Baiutiel Johnson, thought it proper to go to Oosk Lano in order to investigate this mystery first hand. In addition to those the public intent only upon prying into what'was curious and and inexplicable. Horaco Walpolu wrofco a long account of his visit, but did ntdisguiso his belief that il wn a rnuli imposture, though lie could not discover how it was douc. Mr Parsons, the father of tbegii'l, had now found that the gliost was very pro Stable to him. He received fees from the visitors and Vapidly accum ulated money. If he was '[iiite serious an ! in earnest at iii'ht, nrnl had a con c,i helielthat the knockiugswccc (cuiitie and t lie ghost itself above :!i-pici(i», there is no doubt that before ?he business ended he bad decided to keep the mystery going for the sake of .!iu wealth it brought him. Noverthe .uKS be acted in a seemingly straght i'o"nvard manner by allowing every icopa for investigation, by permitting lie wainscitting to bj pulled dovn, mil the (ioorfhg to be pull d up, in mler that nuy trickery might lie <;is eovered or the ghost located. Ho a'.sn illowed bis daughter to be taken into ithcr houses, but the knocking always followed, and no artifico was detected. The point therefore arises, was there the leist truth in the strange affair from first to last? Did the trickery begin eighteen months before Miss Fanny's death, was it neglected for that period, and was it deliberately recom menced ? If the Inst contention is cor rect, it is strange that eighteen months ihould have been allowed to elapse without even a sign, and without some some little trick to keep the game going and to excite interest. But there appears to have befen no preparation for the sudden development which took place. That in itself requires explan ation. Dli. JOHNSON'S INVESTIGA TION. Until Boswell wrote the lifoof John son there was a common supposition that the fine old eighteenth century celobrity was one of the believers in the genuineness of the Cock Lane Ghost. The duty devolved upon bis biographer to correct this error, and to relate the true circumstances of Jobn son'e connection with the allegedimpos ture. He weut with the Rev. Dr. Doug las, afterwards Bishop of Salisbury, to investigate the matter at lirst hand, and he subsequently rote au account of it in the ' Gentlomnn's Magazine.' Ilis narrative is so interesting and so im portant in enabling us to determine the true facts of the case, that we shall produce part of it here, as reported by Boswell. He said that about ten o'clock at night, on the 1st of February 17C2,the girl supposed to bo disturbed by a spirit was put to bBd by several ladies with proper caution, the gentlemen remain ing below. The ladies sat with the girl for about an hour and heard nothing, whereupon they went downstairs- The fither of the girl strongly denied any knowledge or belief of fraud, and the investigators decided to loave the house and go into a vault under the Church of St John, Olerkenwell, as the supposed spirit (Miss Fanny) had prom ised to give a token of her presence there by knocking upon her colliu while they were inquiring and delibera ting, so l)r. Johnson's report proceeds, they wore summoned into the girl's chamber by some ladies who lntd gone first to her bedside, and who said they had heard knocks and scratches. When tlie gentlemen entered'the girl declared that she felt the spirit like a mouse on her kick. She was told to put her hands out of bod, and from that time the noise cease:!, although all tbo persons present solemnly appealed to the spirit if it were there to make its presence manifest. Tbo spirit was nekt'told (hat the Jierson to whom the promise was made in respect to striking tho coffin was about to visit the vault, and it was requested to fulfil its prom ise. At one o'clock the company went into the clmrch, but there was complete silence On Iheirretuvn they examined the girl but could draw 110 confusion from her. lletween twci and three she desired to go home with her father, and was permitted to do BO. 'It is, therefore, the opinion of tb.i whoF assembly,' wrote Dr. Johnson, ' that tho chikl has same art of malting or counterfeiting a particular rioUc, and (.lint thoro is no ftgcucy of any higher cause.' Such was the conclusion of Di Johnson, and it carries groat weight with it. Hut it will ho observed that the result of his investigation was purely negative, and while it proved nothing it did not definitely d'sprove auything. The excuws commonly put forward is thai tho spirit, had it existed, would refuse to submit to tests, and and would only give genuine manifes tations at its own pleasure and oppor tunity. It docs 1101 appear that Or. Johnson continued bis investigations ; he was content with bis one visit, uud did not think it necessary to reonsidor tho conclusion then arrived at. Hu is a hostile witness, uud mast bo reckoned with as .such, but when the grounds of liis hostility are carefully examined, it.will be admitted that he might, with proGl to himself and to others, have enlarged ho sc.'pe of his inquiry, and have lU'wed greater a.wistance than he did the forming of a definite judgment >11 this mysterious subject. S i t liis vcrdiet must n it be lightly wist nsii'c,. Tor he was himself somewhat of a believer in gbists, and was, therefore, likely to have believe:! in the girl if he had dissevered sufficient reasons for it. QUESTIONING THK GHOST. To return to tl e nwruUve. Among other tilings, the man Parsons sent for a gentleman to witness the phenomena, and this person was so impressed by what iie saw and heard that lie decided lo coimnunicalc with the parish clergy man, and on a selected dale about twenty persons decided to sit up all night and await J the ghost's arrival. I'iie girl was put lo bed, after a full examinatien of ili&bed; and bed-clothes, and no hard substance, so the record runs, was found concealed anywhere upon which the child could produce sounds of her own. The company waited some hours, »nd then kriockings were distinctly heard. They seemed to come from the adjoining wall. The child al the same lime declared that she could see Miss Fanny, who was anjrious to de liver a message to the company. Questions were then put to the ghost, who rapped out the answers. Her story was that she had been poisoned by Mr Kent, that no one was concerned in her murder but him, and that she intended to follow the child wherever she went. . Some test questions were put to her, and the answers to them are of the utmost importance. She was asked if she tiad told her servant that she had been poisoned just before her death, and the reply was that she had done so an hour before. The servant, how ever, who was present, point-blank denied this, and declared that Miss Fanny was speechless for an hour or more before her death. In this par ticular, therefore, it was taken that the ghost Tied, and the inference was that the whole business was an imposture. Bat it happened lhal with ibis one ex ception the replies were correct, and the company were thoroughly be | wildered by what they bad witnessed and by what they had heard. It is worth noting that the ghost phophesied that -Mr Kent would be arrested for the murder, and thai lie would confess the crime, and lhal lie would be hanged-all of which state ments) we inay here remark, were proved to be ridiculously false by subsequent events. On a Inter occasion Mr Kent himself went down into the vauil and implored llie ghosl lo loll him direct whether he had poisoned her, bul be could get no answer. This gentleman, although his past life with Miss Fanny bad not been very creditable, was now placed in so embarrassing a position that he deter mined to take proceedings lo clear himself of the odious charge brought against him. He indicted Parsons, bis wife, the daughter. Mary Fraser the servant, and several friends of the family for conspiracy. He declared lhal the whole business was fraudulent, and thai the object of it was lo terrorise himself and lo obtain money by false prclences. Parsons, it now transpired, liad borrowed money from Mr Kent, and had nolpnid it back, and the lender hail pressed him for ils return. The case began lo wear an ugly look A TKK'K DISCUVFU15D. In the meantime it bad been deter mined lo test the girl again. Her bed was lied up in the manner of a ham mock, and her bands and feel were spread oul and fastened down. For wo nights she whs under obscrvalidn. mil no Miinrls were lu';ini. Slic was Ik-i. lol I ili.it if tin- kiioi-l.in-s wereuol heard am more she ami her ji.ireuls am! rii-n K wo:iU] lie taken lo prison. aii'i -In- lo '?unfc-ii' if -.lie li.nl .. IT )M inglv jir.ii I i SCI I n.kivt.iion. Sin !'-rl 11 i-i| .-.lie li.-i I ii'ii, anil w.i-. llivn a! '-W-I I I nil- III'Hi- 11 i11! ii< i.;.|i-r 1(1 (jivi the spirit a chance of malting a coiu iiuimalion. Tint lii^lil sin- con. eale.l a hoard m.ler li'.'r sl.iv>. Sin: got into bed he tevingllr's was unknown anil unnoticed, and 11ioii? is.: I thai (lie spirit slionM ap io.ii at six o'clock in the morning. At iiiti liotir sure enough certain knock ?ims in.I m ralrhings began, whereupon lie girl w is searched, and llic lioaril, of otiisc, discovered. Tiiis seemed to prove liio case of imposture, lint now a nosl important fact lias to be recorded. I'hc soiin Is made by tlte gill on the .i aid v.ere iinainiinously d<_? i?!:.rI I>% ill wlio heard them. .in I who had heard ? ic origin.:! noises, to he totally difl'e ent from the sounds supposed lo lie made by the spirit. 'J'lic theory, llieref* re, was started dial the child, knowing that she would lie cast into prison if another night passe.I in silence, was SO frightened at the prospect that she decided to resort to clumsy trickery. It will be remem bered that when she had previously iicen observed, and when her belong nigs had been examined, nothing was found upon which she could have made a noise, and if she had on that occasion concealed a board in bed or under her clothes, she would undoubtedly have been detected. What she did in her desperation was so simple, childish, and foolish, that we can scarcely believi she had done it before and escaped detection. It must be remembered that she had everthing lo lose by not making the attempt. If no sounds came, prison awaited her. Isjii to be wondered at, then, that the girl decided lo lake the risk of compelling the sounds lo come, and so have one chance of escape ? bhi' would argue that even though the imposition was discovered, the penalty >vo:ild be no greater than would have oeen incurred bv her failure. Thus she had every inducement lo run ihe risk. CONVICTION-HUT I)OU!ST REMAINS. What ha I hap, e led, however, was ulnei- nt. to coiivic | icr in the Courts, til the c inspirator.-, were found guilty if conspiracy, an I heavy punishmeni availed the princip.ll offender. Par sons ua-i sentenced lo imprisonment Tor two years, hi.i wife to imprisonmen: lor one year, and the servant for six nonths. Other persons who had sup ported them were reprimanded ami lined. The question still remains -was this in imposture from beginning to end: I'hal it concluded with a trick everyone ;mnvs ; but was it a trick at ihe outset, ind if so. how was it accomplished, and .villi what object was il played ? The majority of the authorities agree that the jirl did not use a board except on llie last occasion. (low, then, were ll.e sounds uiaile ? Same say by ventrilo quism ; but this is scarcely satisfac tory. Ventriloquism is usually carried in by meu, and that a child of twelve should hiivo been a ventriloquist is 8 .marvel so great as not to he credited. Uosid>-B, if tho girl had carried on her imposture by means of ventriloquism I she could as easily have made the soi^uda when under observation as at other times, and there would not have been tho slightest need for- her carry ing a board to bed with her for the purpose of produoing noises. It would have made no difference whether she was in a bed or in a hammock, whether her limbs were fastened or were free. Assuming that she was a ventriloquist, she could'have continued her deception to the last without ffiar of discovery. She would certainly not have allowed whole days and nights lo go by without making a sound at all, especially when she knew how-this silence was being misconstrued. Another theory is that she was helped by her father and mother, who in Kome secret sort of way quite unex plained were in the habit of knocking tho wall and scratching in various parts of the room without being observed by any of tho visitors. But wo doubt whether such a clumsy con trivance could have possibly been concealed for months and years as hapicued in this case, whether it would have been carried on with equal success in different rooms and even in different houses. And if the father and mother were the tricksters, why did they not curry on their trick to the end? It stands to reason tbnt the father and mother Were kopt closely under inspection from the first, and that any inanumvring on their part would at onro have created suspicion. We are therefore inclined to reject this explanation. A third theory is thut tho girl in variably concealed some hard sub stance about her with which she could produce sounds by an adroit movement of her hands or feet. But, again, it must bu rememborod that no move ment on her part was ever seon, nud that when she was examined most rigorously no article was found upon her. A CALL FOR I-'URTHKR IN QUIRY. What, then, arc we to conclude r We do not care to say a word in favour of the occult and supernatural, es pecially when the chief actor in llie drama ended her career so inglorioiisly. The final deed of the girl of twelve was so absurd that it 'raises our doulils whether she would have been able lo curry on a clever and complicated ex posure for years, and not only have ii.illleil parly after parly, of inquirers, hut still have left the precise nature of the deceptian unresolved. Our own opiniifli is llial the mailer has been dismissed far loo lightly, and thai the infantile Hick lo which (lie girl resnrle.l ill lite end has concealed the ival i11;|a -iriaiire of a fnll i^alion ijf al! : 11prcliiiiinii'v favls. \V« do :ioi s,u fur a moment ili:U the c:; iicrieii' i\s 'j! a fill of twelve won.* ioiiiiii o, lull mi tin' olh'.T hand there arc many cir. uinsl.mecs re 111 i ? i:. I kj 11.. ive lliat llicv were wholly fraudulent. A number of ihosj who cam,.' lo the toichiMon that the I'm I; I.am; (llio-a wa> an imposture II I in liciiiuse tliey heard nothing, ilimifjii tli.u fact mint Ki.flic'ent (o prove my point. .Mere negation means that he case is unjiioven. Oilier.; who c.une lo the conclusion that tile Cock Lane '.iliosi was a fraud based their opinion . ip'in the linal lolly of which the pirl >va#ffiiiliy, l)iit no proof has been tcrlli comins thill she perpetrated any such folly before, and il would he very poor testimony to the sagacity and the skill if those whu kept her imder observa tion lo h'.'lieve she had done so. We leave this case as mysterious as vheti we found il, convinced that though the Cock Lane Gliost may have been the veriest trick, it was one in which tlie girl of twelve proved herself more than a match for all the experts ind philosophers of her own and suc ceeding generations. 