A MVelbourne Letter. (Fromi Our; Special Correspondent.) PETERED OUT. MELBOURNE, July 4. The attack made by Sir George 'i ul ner on the McLean administration was without exception the flattest thing on record. A more ill- prepared, half hearted attempt to oust a Ministry has never been heard of within the annals of the Victorian Parliament. Sir George's speech was one that delighted his enemies and sorely disappointed his friends. Whether the weather was to blame is a moot point, for the intense cold was enough to freeze all opposition, but anyhow that may be there could be no doubt as to what a falling off was there. Turner has, apparently, little stomach left for political frays, and is certainly not getting any younger. His retirement from the St. Kilda Borough Council is probably due to the same cause. A GAY COUPLE. A pair of convivial spirits of either sex recently entered a city hotel and pro ceeded to make things hum. When the landlord put in a word of protest the male roysterer responded by assuming a fighting attitude and savagely assault ing mine host. The lady, after the manner of her sex, chipped in and con tributed rather more than her quota of invective.;. After a protracted struggle, in which the hotelkeeper fared con siderably the worse, a policeman ap peared upon the scene,. and a change came o'er the spirit of his dt-eam. This man of valour seized the two offenders and marched them off to a place of safety. When the pair subsequently appeared in court they presented a re markable spectacle, being considerably the worse for wear, with their clothes torn and their faces scratched and bruised. From the look of things mine 'host had not:altogether neglected his opportunities, but however that might be, his Honor gave the man a fortnight, 'and his fair companion 48 hours' sojourn in- the seclusion of quod. A SNUG SEAT. The Speaker, Mr F. C. Mason. is likely, it appears, to have a "walk over" for South Gippsland in connection with the forthcoming elections. An intend ing opnonwent. Mr J. Hall. has with drawn from the unequal -contest, an.? it is ouite on the cards that the third candidate, who has expressed himself as anxious to measure swords with Mr Mason, will not toe The mark.The latter gentleman'is candidly informed by a paper circulating in the constituency that he has not a ghost of a chance of ousting- the present member, and no doubt that worthy journal .speaks truth. Mr Mason's political enemie. have raised two old bogies-his resi dence in Melbourne instead of his elec torate, and also the fact that he ha been the member for South Gippsland for 2? yrears. This last argument is put forward on the score that it is time "fresh blood" was introduced, but the electors might go very much furtl',r and fare a great deal worse in ,be choice of a representative. TWO TO ONE ON. There are records. in the chronicles of fools, cf many ridiculous if not idl otic wagers; but for absurdity the one contracted between two individuals :1 a. suburban hotel takes the bun. The wager turned upon the quantity of c,'.c Ivtus oil one of the men could consume. He drank half a bottle and became un conscious immediately, necessitating his instant removal to the hospital for treatment. Remedial measures were at once applied, and the patient re covered somewhat, though nct suffi ciently to allow of his rem ral. The effect of the eucalyptus extract, if taken in any quantity, is even more sudden and disagreeable in its effects. I have seen a man for fun swallow a teaspoon ful of extract, and so strong was its ac tion that he fell down perfectly para lysed and speechless, Unconscious ness did not, however, occur. and he lay on the floor like a lof unable to stir hand or foot, immovable but for the ghastly rolling of his eyes. As Car lisle sagely observes, mankind is made up of fools. 