THE CfliiJjBSE 0AttE OF ? ' fAH-TAU. j Over the door Of a {house-boat (at Can ton) a latige red lamp tra. i&uspe;&ded;, and as ire passed undemeatlh, it ihe door opened for a moment and tnro men came out, one pale -as death, the other tjdi^in^ oxoitedly. glimpse I got of Uie in side revealed a hu^e gilded salooti with a table in itjhs centre , round which, h-ac a crowd of men. As the door swung to, 1 Ting wibispcred in my ear, 'Fan-tan.' ' I realised in a moment tile meaning of the white face, and what had h&pp; jned to tlhe two men -who just ataggnred oat from the hell. It was the old siorv : ithe cunse of gold and the foliy of u an. Nevertheless 1 had a great iongiog to fee this notorious Chinese game, to behold the mootions of the unemotional Chew. To Air. Ting 1 put it, and. he was about to protest in the faitherly style of ehe Mission, when a little way up the oanal I heard a sudden splash. ,rWfoat's Ithait TingP,' — 'Nothing,' said he. 'But that eplash f ' — 'You see piucee man come out — allee eame white face.' 'Yes.' — 'He dlown himself.' I started forward, hut Ting seized » e by the arm. 'No good. He no can 'bo saved. Loosee all, imakee die. 'What for can lira? All takes same load one day.' This cold-Hooded pessimism, eo unlike what I felt sure my godfather had instil led, made me shudder. 'Why Ting,' said I, 'you're a bmle ? 'No (blute,- only you no saWbee. China man, he no 'flaid to die like Oilistian man. He loosee all, he makee go. Pel havs Chinaman's joss salbbee. luook, him flend watohee dtown.' It was true enough. There, on the edge of the canal, seen but indistinctly, was the figure of a man, apparently in ?the act of watching intently. From the open doors came the sound of voices and the low tinkling of guitars. No one had heard th esplash, or if he had, he had paid no heed to it. 'What was sui cide more or less At the same time some rereihrs de bouched from a house some few doors higher up, and amid much laughter aud noisy cackle came towards aus. Ting drew me back into 'the shadow, whisper ing 'You lige see Fan-tan P' — 'Rather.' 'All li. Wait.' The men advanced to the door, against which the foremost knocke dsoftly in a softly peculiar fashion. A second or so elapsed, and then a shaft of light shone out into the darkness, and as the men crowded round the door, Ting seized uie by the hand and led me forward, and we pushed our way 'iu with the others. At first my appearance did not at tract any attention, all the players be ing deeply engrossed in the game, and this gave me an opportunity to inspect my surroundings. It was a spacious saloon, wide and high, with much elab orate giMing and carving: innum.s/ahle lights twinkled behind quaint lamps of many colours; embroidered silk hang ings shielded little alcoves. Upon the walls, in gilded characters of the 'wen- li' were the wise and moral preoepts of 'the great Confucius; for your Chinese gamlbler, like his brother of the West, is not without the redeeming virtue of hypocrisy. Bound the table in the cer, ?tre of the saloon some thirty or forty Chinamen were crowded, at the head of which sat an impassive Chow with a pile cf bright cash before him, and a long stick in ihis hand. This was the man who oounted. A little to the right of him sat another impassive yellow face. This was the hanker. It was he who paid aud received. Fan-tan, like most gambling games, is simplicity itself. A square sheet of -Cad is placed in the middle »f the table, the sides of which are numbered from one to 'four. It is on one of these four num bers that you stake your money, or you may put your stake on the cornere and thus take your chance of two numbers, though then your winnings materially decrease. Then the man whose business it is -to count takes a handful of cash from the 'big, glittering pile before him, and with his long stick draws away feur of the coins at a time ; and whatever re mains, ibe it one two, three, or iour, that is the Winning number. Gradually it became known that a for eign devil was in the place, and the men turned round to look at me, some angrily as they thought my presence an imperti nanoe; but the others for the most part surveyed me with a look of 6ullen indif ferenoe. I bowed and smiled, and told Ting to tell them that I hoped I was not intruding but as I had a ieir dollai g -to lose I wanted to tr my luck. Whet her this mollified -Uiem or not I can't say, hut as I made for the table they opened out at my -advance ; and as I staked my first five dollars on No. 3 they watched me with the greatest of interest Then one put his money on the same number, then another, until almost ev erybody, with that belief in omens £od superstitions which is the religion of the - gambler, was oil No. 3. I teit that it lwas an awkward moment for ui' , for to a certain extent the warmth of my wel come depended upon No. 3 turning up. I therefore watohed the slow diminish ing pile of cash with an eagerness . which was not at all in keeping with my stake. Even the banker's impassive face expressed a moi nentoiy twitch cf inter est.- Then, before the winning number was known, 'I saw the ghost of a smile flickering somewhere round his eyes, and X knew that No. 3 had -not won. Indeed, as the little heap slowly dissolve i, it was seen 'that two was Uie winning number. She (players grunted with disgust, but it -waa evident that X was ® bad 'iung- shoi' to diem, and they left me severely ticed as the play progressed his lips grew itioed a ethe play progressed his lips krew white with exciteShentj' and he trembled yiolentlyj and, 1 8ave him a conjle cf i dbUani, with. Xhen the' real Chinaman came dutV liiB eyes sp&rfcled;, his lantern ja*p flush edra ' deep -b^k' ted ; fce oonld not speak, for madness rtE the'^ame.had fi®®^ him. ^ X wae tfcit moment t +W.T had lenthimthe where withal to -tmvd the old h^theii way. Bid meanwhile i played ^ with vary-, ' ing fortune, tor the 'sjihit 'ef the pnu had.^nteased . I neither of tiie iiie-nor iif my ^nnwun duigs. X smdeed and dranlE^ea to onw ' ?- .tjna By 1 only some Hialf dozen deGperateTg&m-; 1 blera Temaaiied. . Then I stopped for a 1 time to reckon iip tiie oost of tSio nigjit's work, and I foWd tSiat I tiad iost Bibout one hundred and fifty dolkrs. 