ST. GEORGE'S DAY. The outbreak of roDusc imperianaiu wjucu hub signalised the present year burst forth In a- fresh place on Monday, when St. George's Day was celebrated with great. ' eclat Everybody wore roses' (red aud white) and at . tho Ilolbom Restaurunt lu the evening that prop of the peer- age Lord Huston, presiuea over «. gauuu buluui- lng'of citizens (Including the Lord Mayor), who Indulged In suitably sumptuous, not to say ilamboyant, speeches. For. somo yoars efforts have been made with out any great success to revive th.e observance of St. George's Day, which Is also Shakespeare's birthday. The real reason why the day ordered by Archbishop Chlahelo to bo observed with as great devotion as Christmas' has been practic- nlly forgotten is that many people believe what Calvin boldly asserted, that ho Is a "ghost" or "bogey." It may bo as wall, thoreforo, to state, on the authority of Heylln, Mtlner, Baring- Gould, and Adam Smith, that St. George, called by the Eastern Church, tlio Great Martyr aud Trophy Bearer, was a soldier who suffered martyrdom in 2S5. It has often been said that not one Englishman In ten knows tho dato ot St. George's Day. Tho Impeachment, It is to be feared, Is but too true. Speaking in the Iloueo of Commons oil April 4, 1892, Mr. Arthur Balfour Is reported to have said: "Apt as wo are to forget dates tn which we havo a personal interest, I 'do not thtnk it Is a very great crime to forgot tho patron saint of a country not our own. For my part, I confess I should bo sorry to he required to answer off hand as to what Is the ilato of St. George's Day. I confess I do not know tho dato of St. Georgo's Day." After this "the man in tlio street" has. surely some claim to bo excused. When Andrew Molvlllc was In. England, "lodgings at Bow, two miles from London," In 1607, Ills spirit was stirred with indignation at "tho great superstition and vanity" with which St. George's Day was observed at the Court ot King James. Ills English host reminded hint ot tho zoal with which all the Scots, even, their most ci«. reformers, still observed St. Andrew's Dny. "That Is a different matter," wrote Mel ville. "Satut Andre was Chrlstls Trow Apposite" and "the Scotismen batild fast tho faith," but "Saint George, the Ingllschmen's delyto, was an Armenian Hereslurch." 