;'.>- '---I . CHAPTER.XIII. '-~'h . j . Before dawn, Sir Hastings waa, [by. his wifeV bedside, but na reoonoiliation [could .'tako place Just then, for Gera\dine waa too .ill to heed even her beloved husband, , "/;., .. The Bays had dome with him, and from , Stephen Moseley they hoard au account of .what had occurred . , , . " ?.' It appeared the head-waiter at the .hotel observed that, although thoro was a dense fog ooming up, Lady Warmiuster had, not returned, and ho communicated tho faot to the proprietor. Mr Moseley ohanoed to hear this, and ho joined tho party who went tb Beek her. In his heart ho know full well that Sic HPS (inga and Lady Warmimter word in sad disunion, and that his wife, Viola, was in some way to blamo for it. Ho said nothing of this then, but Hastings , guessed.by his manner that ho had boen glad to do all ho could as atonement for his wife's wrong-doing. They had found Geraldine lowor down on the olin than they had oxpooted, insensible, and with a alight out on her templo. . She must havo attomp od to renou . the top, and jin the darkness have, hit horsolf against a iagged and projecting piece, of "stone, ,and this,had oanaod hereto fall., But, ? with ,p»o >- ? .. "J * *. * video tial mercy, ber foll was broken, and instead of being .precipitated into the sea, she fell into a1 hollow cave below her. Either tken, or subsequently, she had fainted, and in that condition thoy found har. ..They took her baok. to. . the hotel, but f ey«rUh symptoms set in .at onoe, and. before that night waa over her life was in danger. Mrs Kay told her, word for word, ' as Slr Hastings had told it to her, the whole history of the Squire's mistake and all . that it had entailed upon tho young man. ' Geraldine was so silent that Mrs Ray could not tell how she had ' taken th« revelation : * Poor Hastings !' she said; pre- sently, in a low voice, ' what a, terrible position for him. It WÂS good and generous of him not to toll me. Perhaps from him, and just at that moment, it would not' have helped us to be happier. Dear papa ! what a painful mistake !' Then Geraldine, as the whole episode came vividly before her imagination, turned her head away, and over the emaciated countenance from neck to brow a faint dull red arose and aproad. She had betrayed her unsought love, then, to her dear father, and he had betrayed it to Hastings f She had been forced upon him, and in that momsnt of shame and pain she understood well why Hastings had not told her. He had been too manly. and too chivalrous, and of two evils had »hosen in preference ' to remain, to all appearances, blacker than he was. < Dearest Geraldine/ said Mrs Bay, in alarm, ' Hustings was right, after all, and 1 oujrht not to haye told yon** '' .. ^ But that raornent of agony WSB over, .onoe and for all. She turned her head back, and saemad calm. 'Stoop down and kiss*.me, !Katie. On the oontráry, thank you, dear, for telling mt. I see that I should ne^ver have heard it from him, but it .will kelp us now to start our life again better, stilt .'thad we should have done. As you said,: that ghost is laid for ever now/ / ¡' "She sleeps now, Hastings, so-. ¡' » You have been there an immense \ time/ ho said jealously. , . . .'.Yes ; but 1 don't think I haye done ; her any harm. You shall see her very soon.1: . I will go back and watch her, and tell you tho instant she awakes,' she. said, gladly leaving him, ipr she intended that from Garaldine and not from her he should learn the subject'of their conversation. , ;R ... T ' Uh, thank you, Katie ; you are so good/ he,'. said, brightening and seeing her to the dÖOr. ' ' ". , ' .... V -, I ; "! Bye and -.bye. Katie', Kay, with .quiet footfall slipped out of the siok room onoe more, this time to tell the impatient husband that ho could now go to che dearly*lov?l wife who «ad just boen.snatched from death. She found him in the passage, . where,; with agitated breath, he had been waiting for half an hour. A sign was sufficient,, and then the dour closed ;?ith !iim. and he found himself alono with Geraldine. 3he Btnretohed put her weak , arma towards, him, and he went "to her and, put them round him, and ho held her up against him. '' Oh, my darling !' he said, ' thank Heaven for this moment-for the, boon of your life and for thp return of your love/ ' * My lovo never, went, Hastings ; it was always yours, dearest husband, thought I may not have shown it. I have been wrong, unjust, hard. I don't desorye thia ; you bad every right to bo angry/ . i.. Then, with broken, words, she,told him all the details of that last day, .when he. left her'in anger*' ..... ..-,> ... ..<. - Vé».-a . Say it, Haatings ; let, me hear your.dear lips tell me from your .hearty that; you .¡can forgive me. Oh, beloved »husband! if'you 'cannot-^-* ."\ a. .,.'.'-r, ' ; \ My darling, my ¿ own-y ou : oonfuse ; me, ,pa|h mev lt.. ia¡h^io^jññ io. forgive^it IS,.i ? t ? . - .. ? i ;iif\«ji >>?"?:"1 <.? * ' - ' , / It is,' she ; said, with pitiful eagerness. ' ' TnVpaat is dead, Hastings, forgottoni for- given ; ,,it you wish to hear this from me, but for my hardness, 'for--* ; '.Beloved wife, calm yourself, and say no 'more. '.I forgive, you, though Heaven is my witness that I say this to oomf ort you, . and that there U, and never haa been, oxoopting for that brief moment when I left you, any- thing in my heart against you ; .on the ooa trarj, nothing bat love and pity, L.* and iaüailo yearning for this uiosdetl moment of pérfeot understanding and unity/ -,. . .¿ ' Then he folded her in his arms > onoe again, and he felt no, shame that a moisture gathered in his oyes and fell in one er:two . 'drops on the sweet, tearful face upturned to Wa... .>?:>.. :<.?'.. y ... . . . * " « ^ ;\ ., u , No*-, that day,,but a little later, Geraldine 'told her husband pf \Ejatie Bay's, revelations 'tp("her, and then, seeing'something in his fdo^, she's topped.him from speaking.. :;*'No, 'Hastings, not a word against, her, or to hor. She meant well and she did,well, and in my heart is everlasting gratitude to herk The Btory oamo bent from her, dearest); .iiiïaot, you would nevor have told it.to me, probably being too generous and too.con- siderate. Darling papa, it is well, that he does not know, what, in all innooonoe, his mistake brought upon tis both/ , 'And yet, Giituldino--* he . bogan, searohinp her eyes. ..... ... As their glaucos met, they knew then that 'neither oí them would have had-the past undone. Their lov«,.their happiness,? their perfect trust, more than ootnpensateü »for it all. 'Not even to have been spared thojmis understandings, the strife, the misery of thoße last few months would they hs ve been without oho another, would they, -have relinquished tbs, nnuttcablo joy of the .pre- sent, tho pea^ful nopurity pf-the future.; '?' .'? Tra Exvi .. '-?'?' \:' t The railways .bring into London'about 80,000,000 gallons ot milk per annum. * 