THE COMMONWEALTH OUR G0YERN0R-GENERAL arrival at fremantle. -condition of his health. PERTH, Thursday. — Tho obBcnco of roliablo information as to tho movemonts of Lord Hope- toun and his arrival in Fremantle, as well as tho desire of tho home authorities that 110 reception should tako plaeo on account of his ill- hcaltb. accounted for tlio -fact that no arrangements had been made to formally welcome hint to Australia. But the overhead railway bridge at Fremantle had been decorated with flags' and greenstuffs, while "Federated Australia Welcomes the Go vernor-General" extended around tho end of the brldgo in red lettering on white background. Over tlio centre of tho Inscription was a design on calico representing tho flags of the Empire enclos ing a painting of the Governor-General. The R.M.S. Victoria, which Lord I-Iopc-toun boarded at Colombo In such a weakened condition on account of fever that ho had to bo carried on board, was sigh tod from Rottnest at 2.15 this morning, and entered tho Rlvor at 5.30, berth ing at South Quay. By that tlmo tbo vessels at the wharf wero gay with bunting from stem to stern, and tho mail steamer was . similarly dressed. At 8 a.m. tho Fremantle -Artillery fired a Bululo at the South Quay, and the- guns from tho Royal Arthur replied. It had beon Intended that Lord Hopetoun should Join the flagship at Fre mantle, and proceed direct to Sydney, but that plan had to bo .changed, for the medical adviser, Major P. Phllson, deemed It advisable that tlio Governor-General should continue his voyago to Adelaide in tho mall steamer, and "then embark on the Royal Arthur. LORD I-IOPETOUN INTERVIEWED. \- His Excellency granted an Interview In the cap tain's cabin, which had been placed at his dispo sal tor tho voyago by Commander Crewe. Lord Hopetoun was looking: thin and pallid, and seemed generally the .ghost -of - his former self. . Although rapidly- recovering from his sovore attack of malarial dysentery, ho bore plen tiful signs of the ravages of the disease. While ready enough to converse, he desired to keep away from political matters,: and in reply to the tntcrvloavor could give no liifonnotlon as to whom ho would call upon to form; tho flrot Fed eral Ministry. With regard to his Illness, Lord Hopetoun said ho had gone to India for ; a five- weeks' holiday, and at that time' he had' every reason to believe that the cliiflate would suit him. For the first 10 days he was particularly well: then, all in ono day, ho was - stricken with fever, and -became- seriously 111. This was at Mecrut. Ho had af terwards' to be carried into Government House, Colombo, as the attack had developed' into a sovero form of malarial -dysentery.- "I ant quite fit. now," ..remarked his Excel lency, but ills appearance belied it. "At Meerut, I believe, I hardly weighed as 'much as my eldest child. I am able to dress myself now, and toddlo about.. It was only the day before yesterday that- I was able to walk about 'deck. I don t want to see any more of India, "- and his thoughts very, evldoutly went back to unpleasant experi ences he had encountered there. LADY HOPETOUN'S. ILLNESS. . Referring to tho illness of Lady Hopetoun, ho quoted -that misfortunes' never seam to _ come singly. "Two days -before reaching'! Colombo," ho said, "Lady I-Iopetoun took ill, and by tho -tlmo the seaport was' in sight she was suffering from malarial fever. Thank God, she is well," he added, when he was informed of the latest cable reports regarding her condition. Questioned us to Ills feelings on returning to Australia, Lord Hopetoun replied that he was coming back among old friends, and did not feel shy. this time. The years lie had spent in Aus tralia were, lie said; tile happiest years of his life, and he was pleased to bo back again. It was , graLifying to find that tho people wero so kind nnd thoughtful in ..remembering ono who bad loft thorn, though only for a tlriie. Tho general rule was that when once a nmu goes ho goes for ever. THE FEELING- IN ENGLAND. ' With reference to tlio feeling In England at the Federation of the Australian colonies, 'Lord'Hopo- toun said that grent delight was felt throughout the- kingdom at tho fact that the colonies had entered into a union. When asked if he had a mes sage to send, to; the. .people of Australia ho re marked that his message would bo to tho whole of Australia this time and not to any one part of it. Ho- added jocularly that ho would take caro not to quota Kipling, but would consider what message ho would send, and lie would. glvo It to his interviewer later in the day. Major Phllson medical adviser to Lord Hope toun, regards .tho Earl's complaint as a oovoro. attack of acute dysentery, which is a very serious - malady in India. Tho Govornor-Genorni was- very fill when ho boarded the steamer at Colombo, but had improved .con siderably during tho trip. Ho was still very weak, but was rapidly growing stronger,' and was now able Lo sit out on deck' for a few hours every day. > He hoped- the Earl would bo sufiicloutiy recovered on his arrival at Sydney to go through tho necessary ofllclal duties,- hut the doctor would not allow' him to participate In. social functions fortho present. Major Pliilson. will remain with Lord Hopetoun until his complete recovery from illness. i.'ii.oi AN INFORMAL RECEPTION. At 7- o'clock in' tho morning'the Mayor of Fre- mantlo (Mr. E. Solomon, M.I\\) paid an Informal visit to tho Governor-rGeneral -'on board the Vic toria. Tlio following officers attached to Lord Honctoun's staff! wero >on">board:-s-Major S. C. Pliilson, R.D.M.C., medical; adviser; Major Hon. C. Wllloughby, .military secretary; C. S. L. Gore, Esq., sccertary; and Captains B. Corbctt and S. Duff, aides-de-camp. Shortly after 11 o'clock tlio Administrator (Sir Alex. Onslow),-, the Premier (Sir John Forrest), the President -of: the Legisla tive Council (Sir James Leo Steore), ! and the Ministerial party,' called on 'Ills Excellency, aud welcomed- .him to West Australia.. The visit was of an , informal character,, his Excellency desiring that no function should be lield on ac count of the state of his health. ' As tlio'-R.M.S. Victoria 'swung oiit-about 11.45 there was a largo crowd, at tho Quay, and when there was still but a short distance between tho vessel and the throng, tlio Governor-General appearod at the rail of , tho steamer. Sir John Forrest led throe rousing cheers for Lord I-Iope toun and another was glveu for Lady Hopetoun. Lord Hopetoun smiled and bowed Ills acknowledg ment." When silenoo was restored ho said: "I hope that I will come to see. you very -soon. 1 hope that- 1 will bo in bettor form then than I am now." " Tho Governor- General their called for cheers for United Australia. These wero heartily given by tho crowd, after, which Lord Hopetoun wished- tho people of West Australia "Good-bye," and disappeared from tlio rail. At 12.50 the last .lines wero cast off, an-d the .steame.r was promptly swung round, with her head seaward. Amid a round of hearty cheering, lod oft by tho Premier, the ' Victoria steamod out .to.- sea,; and tho last, for some tlmo to come, was, seen , In, jVest Austra lia of the-flrst Governor-General of the Australian Commonwealth. (The /above appeared iu portion of yesterday's- issue.) 