THE SENSATIONAL DIVORCE CASE. In the Coningham v. Coningham' (O'Haran co-respondent) divoroo suit yesterday, petitioner addressed tho jury thus : — He said that Mr. Wont hod pointed out that the only witness he had was Mrs. Coningham. He would, however, point out that all his witnesses were adherents of the Roman Catholic Church, and it was with difficulfcv that ho jot any answers from tbem. He had fought this sase alone, while on the other side there was tho iblcst counsel at tho Bar. As soon as he became iware of his wife's infidelity lie wrote to the core ipondont, but the letters which he had written were lot produced, in court. If there was one word of jlackmail in them ho would ask the jury whether they would not have been brought into court. From his childhood ho (petitioner) had had nothing to do with courts of law ; this was the Brst case with which he had been connected. Ho would aBk the jury to disregard the suggestions of collusion set up by the co- respondent, because khero was no evidence whatever to prove it. There was not ono breath of suspicion against the character of respondentBincelier marriage, except this misconduct with the co-respondent, and nil the astuteness of tho other sido had not been able to _ establish it. All that. Mr Want could bring out againBt him was a dishonoured cheque for .£2 6s. There was no crime in tliat. He asked tho jury what should be the punishment of a man whose dut^y it was to direct the erring into tho paths of virtue if they found these charges proved. Was it likely that the co-respondent would admit tho truth of those charges against him P Ho asked tho jury in weighing tho testimony to judge by the demeanour of respondent under cross-examination in' the'box. What could be a woman's object in telling this story ? The opposing counsel had never even suggested a motive. He directed the jury's attention to tho difference in the evidence of tho co-respondent, Langton, and the boy O'Brien regard ing a mossago alleged to be sent to Mrs. Coningham about tho baby. There was also a discrepancy in co-respondent's account of tho giving of the liarp to MrB. Coningham. Co-respondent had not accounted^ for his dopjirture from his usual custom in putting his initial and date on tho dark part of tho photograph instead of his full namo on the mount ing. _ He asked the jury to believe Mrs. Conningham's account of tho gift of tho photograph, and commented upon Dr. O'Haran's evidence _ regarding the telephone message. As to the night of March 17, there was ono matter of which the jury wore entitled to take cognisance. It was Sworn that that was the only nigh Von which Dr. O'Haran was not punctual at his appointment. A conclusion could bo drawn from that. Respecting the confession made in writing by tho respondent, it was in the same state now as when it was received by him. Ho had made no alteration whatever in it, butywhethor the respondent had strucjc out anything after she wrote it, and before she sent it to him, ho could not say. It wns sworn by him that the con into his hands, and I10 repeated tho oath. The letters written to Miss Sliiels which had been put in evidence went to prove that there had ; been, aud could no collusion between himsolf and his wife. Ho (petitioner) had promised respondent that ho would not proceed to extremes, and Mrs. Coningham wrote to Miss; Shiels .on that, assumption. Had thoro been collusion Mrs. Coningham would not have written those letters. Thoro was a matter connected with the man Henry James GrimBhaw. This man served tho petition on tho respondent, and she said headvisodhertotear up the petition and not appear. Thoy also found that this man was acting for tho othor side. He asked tho jury to discount tho ovidonco of Mrs. Gorman as to tho character of his wife during the time he (petitioner) was in England. There was ovidonco in direct contradiction to it, and the records of the courts would show on whioli ? side the truth lay. He combated Mr. Want's statement that witnesses had boon manufactured. It was unnecessary for him to go into the remarks made by tho opposing couuboI as to his legal assistants. As to his own character, if there waB anything against it the other sido would have brought ovidonco about, it., Mr. Want had called him a blackmailer, but he had put his peti tion on tho records of the court, and claimed .£5000 damages. That did not make him a blaokmailor, and ho defied tho opposing side to bring an atom of proof that lie had ever attempted to got a penny out of Dr. O'Haran. He did not- want a penny of the ' 'damages, 'Mr. Want had sought to show that there was collusion between respondent and himself, but no answer of that kind had been filed, and if it wore ho asked the jury .to say that that did not affect the guilt or otherwise of Dr. O'Haran. There was nothing strango about tho posting of his wife's confession to him in tho city. Ho would nevor. have sought justico in tho court if liis lettors to the co-respondent had boen answered. Ho drew the attention of the jury to tho consistency between his evidence and , that of h^s wife, which' wont to contradict tlio theory of concotiOn. - Various' stories wore told by the ?witnesses about the co respondent's attendance at tho Town Hall on St. Patrick's night, 1899, but ho could easily have been at the presbytery between 7 and 8 o'clock, as woll as at tho Town Hall. ? Ho , asked the jury, if it wore likely that any woman should tell such a story lis the witness' Langton said MrB. Coningham told him Mrs. Coningham came to thg court and told her story straightforwardly and he thought that in all Mr. Want s oaroor ho had novor mot such a witness. Ho asked tho jury to judge between the demeanour of respondent' and the oo-rospondont in tho witness-box. Mr. Want asked for a cloan-cut issue — that -was all he (petitioner) wanted. He stood tliore for -nino days to fight tho caso penniless. and alone, fighting, against brains and money. He hoped thoir verdict would mete out a punishment that would deter others from .guilt. Tho jury had soon tho wit nesses afid heard .the ovidonco, and he loft the matter in thoir liandB. HiB Honor, in summing up, read tho issuos which tho jury had to try. The first Ibsuo which they had to try was, ho said, whether tho parties wero married on Maroli 11, 1893. . Thoy had the, certificate of marriage, about wliioh thoro waB no contest, so tho jury might find in favour of tho petitioner on that issuo. 'The' second issue was whether dofendant had committed adultory with tho co-rospondont. As lio had told thom during tho progress of the caso it, might appear strange to. them, but. it was quite, ,'opon to ,a judge sitting by himsolf, or a jury, to boliovo in certain oircumatancoB, and ncoording to tho ovidonco in. any par ticular caso, that tho rospondont committed adultory with tho co-rospondont, although thoy might find that tho co-rospondont did not commit adultery with the rospondont. Thoro was no question about Buch a verdict, for tho simple roasonthat thoro might bo ovidonco in a caso against the respondent, but no ovidonco whatovor against tho co-rospondont. An admission that she had oommittod adultory, if that wore provod against hor to tho satisfaction of tho jury, was evidence against hor, and judges and juries might find a vordiot upon those admissions. But the, /admissions of a rospondont'. outside tho, court, whilo thoy woro ovidonoe against lior, wero- no' ovidonco whatever against tho co-rospondont. That was both law aud juatico. A woman might say any thing slio liked outside tho court against anyone sho ploasod, and hor atatomont was ovidonoe against hersolf, but it ivould bo vory hard if this ovidonco was to bo takou against tho man. The jury neod: not, lio thought, trouble themselves very -much in this particular caso by such considerations' as arosor wiioro a woman simply mado an admission! out. of' court. If tho rospondonifc had not boon- callod' hore. as a witnusH there would.not havo boen tho smallViBt; pouuiblo tittle of ovldouoo against Dr. O'Hiirau, bccauBO hor admissions outsido tho Court, woro 110 evidence whatovor against tho corospon dont. Horo, howovor, tho woman had'glvon ovidbneo, and that ovidonco was. distinot from. an. admission outside as against Dr..O'Harau, and waB onjtitlod' to such weight as tho jiury thought,- oilght' under all tho ciroumstanooB toibo attaohod to it. At, tho out set ho might as woll1 say that ho had nover, slnco ho had boon performing' among other dutios those of a Jiulgo of tho Dlvorco Court, mot with any case in which tho respondent was, called', as , a witness, and hod. admitted, her- own adultery aud that of tlm, co-rospondont. Ho was not awitro of any caao where- such a thing had arlson. His Honor tliqn directed tho attention of tho jury to tho case of Crawford v. Crawford, Dilko u)-respondont, as illustrating tho caso whoro a vordiob might bo found against tlw roiipondont but not BgiiinBt tho coro Hpomlont, Ho idso dirootod thoir attention to tho words of tho lato Ohiof .lustico Cookburn in dollvor ing a judgment in the Appoal Court on an appeal from a decision of tho Judge Ordinary in tho case of Hoblnsou v. Robinson and Lano. Tho Lord Ohiof JuhMoo 111 that duoimon spoko of tho woiglit wliioh should bo given to tho admissions of a rcBpondont made outsido tho court. Ho spoko of admissions made outside the court being evidence ' against the party making tliem, but not evidence against tin co-respondent Lane, and also pointed out how care fully such admissions ought to be weighed. Tho jury might return a verdict upon the evidence in favour of the petitioner on both the issues if they believed tho evidence of the respondent. They might think also that there had been indirect corroboration of her evidence. There were circumstances in the case which had been relied upon by Mr. Moss, attorney for the petitioner, in hiB opening address, and by the petitioner which under the circumstances might amount to corroboration. The giving of the photo, might be considered to be ono of them. According to the evidence of the petitioner he found it one day in his wife's box — on May 22 or 23 of this year. The photo had upon it the initials of Dr. O'Haran. Petitioner said that he had noticed his wife's coldness towards him, and searched her box one day when she was out, and found the' photograph and small harp produced. Respondent said it was given to her one night after the misconduct had occurred, but Dr. O'Haran gave an entirely different version of it. He Btatod that Mrs. Coningham told him that she had got the photo at the fair, as he had not given her one, and that she went to him and asked him to put his initials upon it. Ho took it into tho .room where other pooplo were working at tho tiiue, and wrote his initials on it, afterwards returning it to her. The date on tho photo was October 2, and Dr. O'Haran said that thiB was tho only thing which enabled him to fix the date. Aftor ho wrote tho initials and tho date he replaced the photo in the paper in which it had been wrapped and returned it. His evidence on this point was not corroborated. The value of tho gift did not consist in its pecuniary value. He would ? not allude to these matters any more than to refer to Mr. Want's suggestion 'that tho name was written across the photograph because otherwise it would bo hidden when the picture was placed in a frame. Dr. O'Haran had given photo graphs to other ladies and there was no sugges tion of impropriety in thoir cases. His Honor quoted from the finding of tho Judgo- Ordinary (now called tho President of the Divorce Court), in the case of Ginger v, Ginger, wliero a judicial separation was sought on tho grounds of the husband's misconduct. In that case theonlywitnessas to the misconduct was tho paramour, and her evidonce was rebntted by witnesses, who said they never missed tho respondent from the room on occasions when misconduct was alleged to have taken place elsewhere. In Dr. O'HJJran's caso a wholo host of witnesses swore that they never missed him from the processions. In the case quoted from, tho Judge Ordinary said if he wore forced to depend upon tho evidence of the paramour ho must decide in the affirmative, but her story must be examined to see if it was free from all reasonable doubt. And that was what the jury had to bo satisfiod about in j this . case. They had to find the issues, '? Yes or No.' Thoro was no such thing as ' not proven.' Thoy m ust consider tho principle of tho law — that tho case for the petitioner must be made out to the satis faction of the jury,- without reasonable doubt. The petitioner's story was clear and distinct. There was a somewhat- jiarallol caso, Ciocci v. Ciocci. In that case the wife sought a judicial separation from her husband, and it had been stated in support of the chargo of misconduct mado against him that lie had been seen talking to women of bad character. The husband sot up the dofenco that ho was a member of a prisoners' aid society, and did so in tho course pf his duty. In that caso tho Judge said that the presumption in favour of innocouce should be acted upon if thoro was any reasonable doubt. Without ocular proof ill was impossible to be absolutely certain in cases of this kind; but 'the' law roquired that they should be satisfiod in their own minds beyond reasonable doubt. Lot them ask themselves in their own minds, doing justice to all parties, not considering ono party before the othor, whether they were satisfied. Thoy woro not to search about for doubts. This was not a case in which thoy could find a verdict of miscon duct against Mrs. Coningham and not against Dr. O'Haran, That would be almost as serious a thing for the co-rospondont as a 'verdict against him. This was not a case where the confession was mado outside the Court. It waa made inside the Court, and was evidence against the co-respondent'.. Referring to the question of damages, it was per fectly true that not one penny of tho money, if a ver dict were, given for £5000, need go to petitioner. Ho (hia Honor) could settle 'ovory penny upon the. ohildron,- or as a provision for the maintenance of the wife. Somebody had probably told tho pe titioner that, possibly Mr. Abigail. Ho (His Honor) did not- see any impropriety in that. -Mr. Mobs's' action in tho caso was a very Borious stop to take, and it might havo a sorious effect upon the minds of tho jury. Ho found no fault with Mr. Moss, and only referred to it because ono witness stated that, ho saw Coningham going there. ; What 'Mr. Want said waa alao perfectly true,, that no power could compel Mrs. Coningham to give ovid onco of hor misconduct. There . was no attempt on her part to take advantage of hor privileges. ,' She came as a voluntary and willing witness. . She had a conaultation with a barrister having a largo practice in the Court, and' sho had not' aeon fit to bo repre sented at the trial. There had in- this case been no defence of condonation. As tho petitioner said, that had nothing to do with tho question of misconduot. In fact, there muat bo an offonoo before it could be condoned. Condonation did not obliterate an offonco, but in law it had a serious bearing on the case. If Mra. Coningham had set up and proved condonation, even , if the issue had been proved against the co ? respondent, tho petitioner, could not have got, a penny damages, and ho (his Honor) would have had to dismiss tli# petition as against Dr, O'Haran. Con-r donarion was not set up — the defence was a denial ' and a counter charge of conspiracy. The only, way in which condonation . came in was as to how it affoctod tho .question' -whothor these two pooplo woro working togpthor. ' If, under all tho circumstances, thoy, believed Mra. Coningham, they must find a verdiot in favour of tho petitioner, no matter' how it affeotod Dr. O'Harhu. Tho conse quences woro almost as Borious as if the corespon dent woro on trial for his lifoj. ? Charges of blaolc-j mailing had often boon mado, but that was no reason why in this case the woman's- Btory was not true. Tho jury had nothing to do with thoso othor. cases. He was sorry that tho doptrino of absolution hud boon brought into tho caso. It was stated that a man might bo guilty of misconduct on Monday, go. to confession and get absolution, and thon come to the witness box and Bay that;he had not beon guilty of misconduct. Dr. O'Haran said thoro waB no such doctrine. Fathor Cregau— who brought his own Biblo to bo sworn — said it was not tho toocbiug of the Churoh that , a man could got absolution and bo considered as not having - committed any sin. Ho (his Honor) alwayB thought. it was tlio dootrino of tho Churcli of Romo— and, indeed, of the Christian roligloh— that, if a sin was forgiven thon it was wipod out. One of tho. priests did say that tlio absolution was — ' I absolve thoo from tdiy sins in the. namo of. thoi Fathor, Son, and Holy Ghost.' Thoro was Bomb- diffaronoo as I10 under stood it botwoon :tlu- ^xplanntioris'givon :by Fathor Crogan and Dr. O'Hatan— at any rate in the firat part of tliblattor's ovidbnao. : Ho 'quoted from tho[ oviidencb to show the dootrino- of the Church of-'Bomo on this point, and ho asked tho jury if it woe not tho dootrino of tho. Christian religion and! of, tho 'Sorlpturos. Did it. follow from that that-, ovory Roman Catholic was. going, to como into, tho witnoss ? box' and, toll' , liosP Ho liadi had Roman Catholio servants,, and Mb oxporionoo was that whom , thoy . woro . good Catholics thoy woro honost, reliablo, and truthful'.. If tlio jury believed the. ovidbneo of Mrs, A-boolt, Miss Johnstone, Miss. Hbllihgdalo, and Father; Byrno, thon tho story rolatucU by . Mrs. Coningham au to tho ocourroncos' of- June 29 could ; not bo truo. Potltionor said thoso, pc&plo; put their, heads togothor to got thoir priest, out of it. \ ',Tli'o, ovidonco of Fathor Byrno waa clear, and was very iinportant. Potitlonor triod to put .it to thom ' that tho wholo Oliuroh was concornod in this casoi and! that tlio wltnosBos had bwomi for tho Okurehv, Had Fathor Byrno glyon false- ovidonco to sav.b the Church P Aa,to Masah 17, 1899, rospondont gav'd ovidonco of misconduot having taken plaoo at; tlio. Cardinal's Hall, and1 that Bhe wont to tho tlhcatro afterwards* Sho was thon in evoning dressi Was that Btory tol.l by tho. rospondont ono ln which the jury thought thoy could place rollanco P 'Did thoy think, an men of tho world, it was a reasonable onoP Sho luid to. moot' hor own aiater immediately aftorwardB, and hor ovidonco was. that sho walked; across tho park, inot hor 'siBtor, wont S to tho , opora, mid mot hor own husband after tlio; opora was over. A number of witnesses wore ballbd' on bolialf of tho co-respondent — Mr. J?uvquU.' Mr; Murphy (prosldont. of tho St. Vlnborit do Paul .Sooloty), and .ofchors— all nworo. that Dr. O'Harau was at tbe Town 'Hall on that night. Rospondont had, liovravori fixod no tlino In.tho evening at whioli tills misconduot took plaoo, It waa asked why Mrs. Bostooktrns uoil ctvllod, but what) could alio have proved ? He referred to the telephone messags sent to Mrs. Atock# It was common politeness for any person asked to dinner to apologise if hecouldnot go, A message was sent, but it was after Dr. O'Haran arrived at the priesfs house. There was no accounting for different ideas or actionB of different pooplo. Dr. O'Haran may have been too busy to go, and lie said he had dinner in the middle of the day. Ho alluded to tho prayer-books given . by tho co- respondent to Mr. Purcell and Miss Galvin, and thoy were placed before the jury for what they were worth. Petitioner had asked for photographs given to other ladieB, but it was manifestly impossible for a person to always trace such gifts. These dateB — June 29 and March 17 — wero most important as bearing on tho truth or otherwise of respondent's evidence. She did not ask to correct her evidence on these points, and * maintained tliat her story was true. .There were tho letters written by the respondent to Miss Shiels, and they wero put into the hands of the jury for all they were worth. The letter containing the alleged con fession required very serious consideration. Was the ? date ' 3rd July ' inserted in tho letter after it was written P He would not say any more about that — tbo letter spoke for itself. Were these the genuine 1 letters of a wife admitting hor guilt and begging for giveness? Then they had toconsider the conduotof the parties after tho petition was served — what did that - mean P Tho petitioner's case was not to bo pre judiced by Mr. Moss's withdrawal. Petitioner's regis tration of tho child'B birth took placo when ho had no knowledge of his wife's, misconduct. The evi dence of the boy O'Brien that Mrs. Coningham sent up a message to Dr. O'Haran to see the child was not to be lost sight of. If Dr. O'Haran had to go down I to see overy child baptized at the Cathedral or to feel the weight of it his time would be pretty well occu pied. Mra. Coningham'g desire that Dr. O'Haran should see tho child was quite consistent with co respondent's innocence — it was a circumstance, that was all. He placed before the jury a digest prepared by tho associate giving tho datoB and places when and' where misconduct was alleged to have occurred. Co- ' respondent said all this was untrue. He did not think that the fact that rospondont had had a misfortune in lior early life should of itself impair her credibility. Both petitioner and respondent said that up to tho time of the acts of misconduct thoy had led a . happy life. _ There waB nothing in all this case against tho petitioner except that ho was accused of being a blackiuailor. It was admitted that petitioner had written to Dr. O'Haran, but the letters woro not put - in evidence. His Honor went in detail through tho ? evidence. Tho issuo was, lie said, did tho jury bolievo ' the respondent or Dr. O'Haran. If thoy believed hor 'then they would give a verdict for the petitioner ; if they believed Dr. O'Haran thoy would find a verdict in his favour. If, however, thoy found for tho petitioner, thoy would have to consider tho question of damages, and in determining to what damages tho petitioner was entitled tho jury muBt remember that thoy were not there to in any way punish the co respondent. If thoy awarded only a single shilling to tho petitioner with a view of punishing Dr. O'Haran they were doing that which they wero not authorised to do. Tho damages must bo by way of compensa tion to tho petitioner. Did Dr. O'Haran tnke advan tage of his position aa a Roman Catholic prieBt to - act improperly with the respondent was a question which coidd bo taken into consideration in estimat ing damages. Thoy could also consider whothor the parties had lived a happy life, whether the respon- , dent was a woman of easy morals, whether she was dovoted to hor husband,' and gonerally to consider ; the terms ' upon which the parties lived. Ho would not formally concludo hia summing up that night, but would dofor it until tho following morning. . Tho Court at 6.45 p.m. adjourned until '0 o'clock this morning. 