CBITEBION THEATRE. There -wasia change in the bill at the Criterion Theatre on^Jiturday night/ 'David 'Garrick' giv ing place §S^'The Beljs, -,6r ; the Murder of the Polish Jew.'Vsm which Mr. .^Walter Bentley's treat ment of thefflcharacter of Mathias, the burgomas ter, duringgg^season in ..Sydney some years ego, is still fresh U&the; minds of theatre-goers. There was a gooalalouse, and Mr. Bentley's powerful acting 01 tn^.pnantasm-haunted burgomaster ex cited the warmest admiration. . Tfie' story is not one that is.calculated to raise depressed spirits, nor would i^ie wise for any person to eat a hearty supper af tei?: witnessing Mr. Bentley's realistic performance. If he had the temerity to do so, it is probable rQiat his sleep would be disturbed by a visit from the murdered Pole, whose persistence in returning to the scene of his sudden and awful death in the coldest of weather is tho cause of his destroyer's continuous mental torture and tragic end. Nevertheless, those for whom mysticism has ever a fascination will always find plea sure, though of a somewhat gloomy kind, in wit nessing dramas wherein departed spirits play an important part, as well as in the reading of stories of those good oldfashion ? o— — «vw ujuu ajjpcoi eti jj.4, CllilfcJS VVLLcil they were more believed in than they are nowadays to emphasise the truth of the saying, 'murder will out,' and who, after the unearthing and decent disposal of their' bones, and the meting out of justice, consented to rest in peace, and vex the world no- more. There is con siderable difference between the ghost of the Po lish Jew, who had been hurried: on his way 'to 'dusky death' by .Mathias, and many of the spi rits of the old days. The latter, in the majority of cases, appeared to. persons who had not injured them in the least degree, and, after frightening them out of their wite, related, as did the spectre of Hamlet's father, how they had been? done to death, and murderers were thus brought to con fess, and handed over to the care of the execu tioner. Sir Walter Scott and Thackeray quote j trials in which the evidence of ghosts was calmly | and deliberately considered in court. The troubled ' spirit of the Jew was not an ordinary ghost, for j it was visible to none other than Mathias; and, I moreover, it was not content with suffering alone j the exposure to intense cold; it caused the poor j animal which the Jew. had driven on the night of his murder to re-travel the same journey. Then Mathias was compelled to Dear tae eternal jing ling of 'those awful belle,' and, in other ways, this particular ' ghost hit upon quite an original line ' of action. Mathias might, with some degree of reasonableness, if he had possessed the courage, have used the words of that very sensible tenant of a set of chambers in one of the old inns of London, the story of whom is related by Dickens. In addressing the gost, who appeared to him for no osten sible reason at all, he said: 'It does appear to me somewhat inconsistent that when you have an opportunity of visiting the fairest spots of earth — for I suppose space is nothing to you — you should always return exactly to the very places where you have been most miserable.' And it would not have been unlikely that the Jew's ghost would have replied: 'Egad, that's very true; I never thought of that before,' and an agreeable change of air might have resulted. But Mathias did not think of that method of settling his trouble. Tor tured by remorse and fear, with the sound of the bells constantly in his ears, and the dread of the discovery of his crime ever clinging to him, he endures a life of torment, which closes after the horrible vision of his trial and condemnation to death. - Mr. Bentley's fine performance of the character was witnessed with intense interest. It was effective throughout, the extreme suffering of the haunted man in the trial scene being par ticularly realistic and powerful. He was aoly supported by the other members of the company. The geniality of the two village gossips, Father Walter and Hans, was a relief to the gruesome ness of the story. These parts were in the cap able hands of Messrs. Harry Douglas and J. W. Sweeney. Mr. H. W. Diver made a creditable Christian, Mr. P. Walshe and Mr. S. Kearey em phasised the solemnity of the spectral court in the characters of judge and clerk respectively, and Mr. E. B. Russell made as much as could be made of the mesmerist, under whose influence Mathias confesses his crime. Miss Beatrice .Dunekley 'played the part of the wife of Mathias with a becoming womanliness that met with due appreciation, and Miss Hope Mayne was well placed as Annette. The drama was well staged, though, in the vision of the murder, it would have been an improvement had the young gentle man who held the Jew's horse been concealed from view. The drama will be played .during this week. 