Booky Bits. The C. Arthur Pearson Company, .Limited, are making arrangements to produce a new' ha'penny daily in London. It is due in April. H. W. Massingham, who resigned from the Daily Chronicle on account of his pro-Boer opinions, is said to have J£50,000 behind him to start another organ. A novel which has had a tre mendous run on it is ' Richard Carvel,' by a smart American, Winston Churchill. The intelligent British public were much interested in the achievement of Mr Winston Spencer Churchill, the correspondent of the Morning Post, and jumped to the conclusion that he was the writer of ' Richard Carvel,' and that they ought to read it. Asa matter of fact, the American Mr Winston Churchill and the English Mr Winston Spencer Churchill are not connected in any way. Anyhow, the B. P. have no reason to be disappointed in the book if they are in the mere authorship. Mrs Mannington Caffyn ('Iota'), who bobbed up into prominence with her 6 Yellow Aster ' which blossomed at the 1 Heavenly Twins' period, has published a novel entitled 1 The Minx.' 1 Iota' is the widow of Dr Manning ton Caffyn, formerly of South Yarra, Victoria, himself a ready writer, many of whose strong stories were printed in Sydney Bulletin. A gruesome yarn of his, ' They Met at the Morgue,' was a vivid study/ An American Congressman is writ ing a novel in which there are no women ! A bold youth this. The Goose Quill is the name of a fine new American magazine, some what on Munsey lines, and amongst others Thomas Hardy, Gertrude Atherton, and Opie Read contribute. It gives full-page pictures of Rudyard Kipling, Thomas Hardy, Hall Caine, Israel Zang will, and Anthony Hope— a good English literary quintet. P. Marion Crawford's romance of the Second Crusade, ' Via Crucis,' is booming along, and already 53,000 have been sold. It contains a great deal of the best work this splendid writer has yet given out. In describing Rudyard Kipling's recent effort at speechmaking, the London Academy says:—'When he showed face in the schoolroom—it was crowded—his Rottingdean neigh bors cheered him mightily, and he blushed like a great kid. When he got up on the platform to speak he was as white as a ghost. He had evidently learned his little speech by heart, and spun it out at a terrific rate. Of course, that was nervous ness. It struck me that he felt if he were to hesitate he would be lost. The Big Englanders will never get Kipling as a platform spouter. He'd collapse at the end of his third meet ing.' Richard Harding Davis, whose 'Soldier of Fortune' was a rattling good book, has been hard at work on a comedy, shortly to be produced in America. Frances Burnett's novel, ' That Lass of Lowrie's,' has attained a sale of 100,000 only in 22 years. On the other hand her 4 A Lady of Quality' reached the 100,000 mark in three years. Ignatius Donnelly, the very persis ent Baconiac, has brought out another volume to try and unseat Shakespeare. This one is called 1 The Cypher in the Plays and on the Tombstone.' Andrew Lang is industriously en gaged in * hioging' 4 Bonnie Prince Charlie.' Last year, in Vienna, S. L. Clemens ('Mark Twain') sat talking with a Scotch barrister named Guthrie. 4 Do you ever smoke V asked MrClemens of Mr Guthrie. 4 Yes, Mr Clemens,' replied Mr Guthrie, 4 when I am in bad company.' 'You are a lawyer, aren't you, Mr Guthrie V 4 Yes, I am.' 4 Ah,' said Mr Clemens, 4 you must be a heavy smoker.' * Shall We Drink Wine V by Dr John Madden, of Milwaukee, is a physician's study of the alcohol question. It all depends on the brand, doctor. At a dinner in Rottingdean lately a Royal Academician stated to the company the curious fact that sugar and sumac are the only two words in English where m is pronounced shu. There was much interest shown in the discovery, when Rudyard Kipling was heard from the other end of the tab e—4 But, are you quite sure f— S.F. Argonaut. Mis Alice Meynell in a recent Pall Mall Gazbtte seriously tackles Gibbon's English, and in this she is fortified by the late John Ruskin, who declared Gibbon's to be 4 the worst English ever written by an educated Englishman. His epithets are mali cious without point, sonorous without weight, and have no office but to make a flat sentence turgid.' In his latest work, 4 Mr Dooley: In the Hearts of His Countrymen,': F. P. Dunne has five chapters on the Dreyfus case. 4 It is certainly to be hoped,' says Mr Dunne, 4 that this small contribution to the literature of the subject will at last open the eyes of France to the necessity of conduct ing her trials, Parliamentary sessions, revolutions, and other debates, in a language more generally understood in New York and London,? The present interest taken in South African affairs will lead many people to read ' The Lives of Robert and Mary Moffat/ the eleventh edition of which was recently published. Moffat's missionary life takes us back to eighty years ago. He tells a good story of a Boer patriarch who, on its being 'suggested that his Hottentot servants should share in the family worship, cried:—* Let me go to the mountains and call the baboons, if you want a congregation of that sort.' The missionary preached from the text ' Truth, Lord, but even the dogs eat of the crumbs that fall from the master's table.' He had not spoken many minutes before the scornful old Dutchman called for the Hottentots. After the service was over he said to Moffat, ' My friend, you have taken a hard hammer and you have broken a hard head.' Novelist 'Annie Swan' (Mrs Barnet Smith), has volunteered for service as a nurse in South Africa. Dr Barnett Smith also volunteered in a medical capacity, but the War Office said, ' No vacancy.' Robert Barr ('Luke Sharp') is at present in the States, and purposes also doing a Canadian trip. Hugh Morton, who did the'book1 of the ' Belle of New "York' and other pieces, is an ex-journalist and editor. He hails from the state of Maine and belongs to a fine old family. When a journalist he was considered the wittiest man on the New York press. While editor of Town Topics, he wrote a brilliant series of character sketches and storyettes that are now being collected for publication in book form. He is not yet thirty-five, and I his real name is C. M. S. McLellan. The 'Annual Mining Review of the Charters Towers Goldfield' for 1899, issued by Messrs E. D. Miles & Co., of the Towers, and by whom a copy is forwarded to Quiz, contains much to interest mining men and the in vesting public generally. The in formation is not merely local, but the booklet gives much valuable statistical matter relating to the Australasian goldfields. 