WAS IT' A SPIRIT The late State Senator Walters, of Virginia, while far from being a superstitious man, was heard on more than one occasion to say that he could not altogether disbelieve in ghosts. He made no profession of faith in spectral apparitions, but, according to his own account, was withheld from denial of them by the recollection of a single very strange occurrence. One afternoon, in the autumn of 1884, he was looking for .deer in a lonely valley within ten miles of the town of Pickney,. Virginia, when he struck into a narrow road much over grown with weeds and evidently un used for a long time. After a bit he came to a house which likewise showed signs of. disrepair, having been de prived even of its wlnmtows and doors -probably because those useful arti cles had been deemed by somebody worth carrying away. On this account the dwelling had a singularly blank and unhomelike appearance, and the Senator was rather surprised to see a man standing on the dilapidated porch in front. The man had his hands in his pockets, and wore a pair of blue-jeans overalls, a check shirt,, and no hat. His hair was red. All of these points were distinctly noted by the Senator, who paused and shouted a cheerful salutation. No reply being elicited, he shouted again; but the person on the porch appeared to take not the slightest notice. It seemed very rude, but the Senator was anxious to get a bit of information as to game, and so he approached the house through a gap in the miserable fen'ce, the gate of which was absent. 'As he came .near, however, the man in the check shirt and blue- jeans turned and walked slowly into the deserted dwelling, dis appearing from view. "Hello!" cried the Senator on mount ing the porch and arriving at the doorway; but there was no response. He began to be indignant, and pre sently made up his mind to enter and hunt up the man in the blue-jeans. This, indeed, seemed easy enough; but, to his great surprise, nobody was *to be found; the house was absolutely empty. He searched it inside and out,, but the man was gone. Tliere was no cellar, and, the dwelling having only four rooms, a complete inspection was not difficult. Nevertheless, it was fruitless, and at length the Senator gave it up. Shouldering his gun, lie struggled back to the wretched road through the tall weeds that grew where once had been a vegetable gar= den; but before going on lihe glanced back, and there again on the porch was the red-headxed man in the check shirt. This was too much. "I say!" cried the Senator. "What do you mean by running away when a gentleman wants to speak with you?" The' man made no reply. He still kept his hands in his pockets, and seemed to be looking in another direc tion. Naturally,- this made Senator Walters very angry. He walked again towards the house, which was only about 35 yards distant, and again the person in the blue-jeans turned in a leisurely way and disappeared into the ruined dwelling. Once more the visi tor entered, looked everywhere, and found nobody. Though reluctant to abandon the search, he gave it up finally, returning to the road. Then, as he looked back, he saw the man again on the porch, in the same atti tude as before. By this time the Senator was hot with. rage. "Hello!" he shouted again. '"if you don't answer me within ten seconds I'll put a dose of buckshot into you!" Still the man paid no attention, and; having counted the ten seconds, the Senator slowly raised his gun to his shoulder and fired. He was a first rate shot, and was certain that he could not have missed; yet the man stood there just as before, motionless, not-even turning his head. As may be imagined, the Senator was thunderstruck. Hastily leaving the road he once more approached the house; and as he did so the man in the overalls turned in the same lei surely manner as before and disap peared within the dwelling. There was a considerable space of clearing all around the deserted residence, and no opportunity whatever was afforded for hiding; hence the amazement of Mr. Walters when, for the. third time, he searched the premises and discovered nobody. Extremely puzzled, and at the same time very angryz he at last resumed his journey. But, as before, he glanced back, and there was the person in the check shirt standing on the norch with his hands in ',is pDOclets, and looking as if nothing tnad occurred. At this stage of the proceedings, said the Senator in telling the story, he became frightened. IL seemed cb vious to him that something very much out of the common was at work. HIe made no further attempt at in vestigation on the spot; but when he got home he set on foot an enquiry into the history if the deserted house, and learned that its former occupant and owner had been a man named Johnston, who was murdered in cdid blood by a friend with whom he had a dispute.-"Frank Leslie's Popular MIonthly." 