ST. BRENDAN’S CHURCH. , Sunday last was a red-letter day ; to adherents of the Catholic faith in | this district, in that it witnessed the : laying of tho foundation-stone of St. ; Brendan’s Church (tho fine new brick building, capable of seating i about a thousand worshippers,' to take the place of the one destroyed by fire), tlint important rerein»uy being performed by the Most Bov, i Dr Reville, Coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst, with the assistance of the Very Rev. Dean Mnrphy, p,p„ who has charge of the parish and has warmly interested himself in the matter of providing a structure worthy of his largo congregation and of the town, to which when com pleted it will bo an important addi tion. Good progress lias been made with the work by the contractor, Mr Luff, who is carrying it ont to the full satisfaction of the architect, Mr J. A. K. Clarke, and already a good idea may be had of the splen did proportions of the building. At eleven a.m. a congregation numbering about five hundred, in cluding residents of all parts of the district—from Tatars and Ardiunna, on the one side, to Caniambo, Tally garoopna and Bunbnriha in other directions—assembled in the Star Theatre, temporarily need for Divine worship ; and Mass having been celebrated by the Very Rev, Dean Morphy, His Lordship the Bishop, address ing the congregation, said that he was especially pleased to come amongst them on so important an occasion. They had by a calamity been deprived of their church; but, nothing daunted by tha misfortune, they had met together, and by their magnificent generosity ami the help of their neighbors had astonished the colony and excited ihe pride of Iheir clergy, by the manner in which they had embraced the opportunity that God had given them to build Him a | house of worthy and noble propor tions. His Lnrdship added that he took that opportunity of expressing his thanks, and the thanks of the congregation, to the proprietor of the hall in which they were then as sembled, for his liberality in placing j it at their disposal until such time as , the new church was built. He then ; proceeled to preach a sermon from the 15th chapter of St- John’s Gospel— “ When the Comforter cometh, whom 1 shall send from the Father, the ■ Spiritof truth who proceedeth from the ' Father, He will bear testimony of Me, j and you will bear testimony because you | are with Me from the beginning. ’ ] The Saviour of the world received at , the hands of men while on this earth ^ but injustice and ingratitude. He , was condemned to persecution and f ignominy, and finally to death on the , Cross. On the third day He rose j gloriously from the tomb, and His f heart was so filled with love for man ( that He determined to remain yet ( forty days with His apostles before . He entered into tho glory of His , Kingdom. Lika a good father who , when he found himself dying called ] his childron to his bedside and gavo j them words of saintary instruction ( and advice, so the Saviour called His j people around Him and gave them , loving counsel and instruction. In ( our trials and difficulties nature j urged ns to Seek for a comforter. In f time of danger we sought for a guide ( and a protector, and in time of sick- , ness sought a physician. In all such , periods tho Saviour could be confi- , dently looked to for assistance and , support. Trials and difficulties , were met with by everyone. Some , were at times unable to find the , wherewithal to provide their families , with the necessaries of life; while , othrr?, though in the enjoyment of , health and wealth, were surrounded , by spiteful neighbors, who by their , actioDs ciused much trouble and , misery to the victims of their enmity. Would such persons look to the ! world for assistance in their time of , tronble ? No ; the world was very ( unwilling to lend a helping hand. To whom, then, should they look for J help? To the Third Person of tho adorable Trinity—the Holy Spirit, i equal with the Father and the Sod. , He wonld remove their trials and their crosses, or ponr in the balm of ; consolation) and help them to bear , np against their difficulties. Those . trials and crosses wereitbo stepping stones to eternal bliss. In the dangers with which we were sur rounded we wished for a guide and a protector. On whichever side we turned we were met with powerful enemies, The devil, maddened at the thought that we wonld enjoy tho happiness of the inheritance which he bad forfeited, sought to rob os of our chance of obtaining it. We must therefore have recourse to the Spirit of Consolation, who would not fail ns in time of need. As in Bick ness we called in a doctor, so in case of spiritual infirmity a spiritual physician was called in. The sonl that committed mortal sin, that sonl shall die. Under each circumstances no ordinary physician could restore that spirit, We must have a physi cian capable of bringing ns from a state of death to a state of life. It was the Holy Ghost that filled that sonl with sorrow and remorse, and caused it to return to the Father, from the time of its separation from Whom it had had no peace. When we saw a friend taken away in the flower of yonth, and saw him lying in the stillness of death, it made us resolve to live better. The Divine Saviour told His apostles that they must bear testimony to the truth of His Gospel. Bow wonderful waB the change that the descent of the Holy Spirit upon them created in those men, who afterwards stood in tho Btreets of Jerusalem sod boldly upbraided the Jews for having taken a murderer in preference to Jesns, and for patting their Saviour and their KiDg to death. The apostles then went forth with holy zeal, and planted the seed of the Gospel in every land with which there was oommnnication at that time, It was our duty to bear testimony to their faith, and to seek to follow in their footsteps. Whilst the sacrifice of death was not ex pected of ns, there were maoy other ways in which those of the Catholic faith and adherents of the Gospel of Christ might show their piety and devotion. Among these was the training and education of the young, a most important duty that should not be neglected, even in the lightest degree. Then there was the force of good example, by which others could be led to a knowledge of the true God and of the true faith. By speaking well of tlio church, also, they would inspire esteem and respect for the glorious institution that Christ had in this world established. We were not sufficiently grateful to the Holy Ghost for the many mercies and favors ho hod bestowed on us. Day after day the Spirit should be thanked for the faith that was iu us, aud for tho temporal favors we enjoyed, avoiding everything that would give griof and sorrow to Christ. 