COMPLETE STORY. IN KIME BldlD. R. E. FRANCILLON, Author of 'Jack Doyle's Daughter,' 'A Dog arm His Shadow.''' ' Ropes of Sand,' &c;, &c.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER 1. fT was horribly annoy ing. After weeks of plotting and planning, that most eligible of *.ir-v-' ?Jiisi -iw~ bachelors, George Hale, .had at last suc ceeded in getting that coyest of maids, Annie of the Unicorn, a!l to hhnself upon the beach ; so that, do ?what she might, she could not escape his question this time. He had so oontri- -d the meeting that it should seem, to her, o come about by the merest . chance For some re ; m or other the prettiest girl in West combo api- -fared to make a point of avoiding the undiv' led coinpjiny of one at whom every girl's .jji, ribbons and all, was sc- , saw hors. Of course George, being a man amid see l-ut one cause for such otherwise unaccountable coyness — the sham defence that a girl will set up over her heart when it is won : the desire to have it token by assault rather than by ignominious surrender. The six was no riddle to one who had not only studied it in his native Westcombe, but wIki had worn a scarlet uniform in his time, and had not wasted its ad- --ntages. So he took for grantv '' ' 1-'% : read Annie of tlie Unicorn, -v . ? Tof him was almost piquing vanu;. 1..... pension. And now. just when he had nothing to do but to march straight into the fortresses its wel rnine captor, Avho should turn up but that ltu:hard^ again — confound his ugly fo-ce for a l-'ockhead's that never saw when he was in thj way ! So here these three young people stood — (leorge Hale, the fisherman -and cx-soldier, li;iivtst-me and sullen ; Richard Richards, the nondescript from nobody knew where, rug ged and plain- featured, and ..looking as if he, too, thought that at any rate somebody was in the way ; and Annie, trying to seem as unconscious of the situation as it allowed. '? Poor gijrl! I can't have her hunted about liy a fellow like that,' reflected George, i Liva'ronsly. And then all at once a scheme, as hrilliant as it was subtle, for ridding her of her persecutor, flashed into his mind. ' And where are you off to now, Miss Annie V' asked he. ' Why — where are you?' asked she, for an answer. ' Well, that's as may be. I've an errand down the street.' ' I'm just on tlie way home,' said that perverse, young woman ; ' home' and ' the s'rcL't.' being in irreconcilably opposite di lvciioiis. He smiled. Did he not indeed kiiow wonu'ii and all their tricks and their in 'mi -TS, through and through? Was not L- r hint plain enough? Had he not foreseen it. ami all she would say? '? Well, my errand will keep,' said he. ' 1 w.'j goiusx up to the Unicorn after, so I i:ia-v just as well go up now. So come along. '.Kvemng!'' he added, for form's sake, with ;i curt nod to the man in the way. And the blockhead was actually so hardened against the very broadest hint as to answer the parting nod with : ' All right. I was thinking of coming up to the Unicorn, too.' And George smiled to himself again ; for he. had not caught an appealing glance from Aiiiiio to the blockhead which even a block head could read. 'We'd best go by the cliff path. -You know it? No? Well, 'taint one a stranger would be like to find. Never mind, lass !' he whispered to Annie. ' Three's no com pniv — but two will be precious soon!' And so they presently dropped perforce into single file as they followed the narrow foot -track upward from the beach. To the left, as they advanced, swelled - the green, gor.se-dottcd hill till it ended in a wavy ridge against the pale winter sky; to the right ran a smooth slope of turf, beyond which, farther and farther below as the path as cended, a-nd with ever faint murmur, spread the scarcely ruffled sea. George walked fore most, Annie followed, and Richards brought up the rear. The party was dull, and so was the view and so was the path. Was it, though! With a startled exclama tion Richards suddenly became aware that tlicve was no longer any path, to follow ; that he was standing on the very brink of a h-srrib'.y yawning chasm, into which _ the elsewhere placid sea thundered and boiled. He sprang back in dismay. He was safe — but where We the others? Had they? ? ]5is heart stood still. ' Come along, man !' cried George on the other side of the abyss, in a voice scarcely audible ;;hove the thunder of the. waves. ' The way goes round the Caldron,' called Annie, standing beside him, through her hands. And, sure enough, there was to be seen something that might be called a foot way by a goat — a scarcely visible ledge on which a gull might perch, against the angle of the chasm, with a wall, of bulging rock above it, and a sheer fall of fearful depth below. ' I thought we'd be rid of him before long,' said George, with complacent tri umph. '? Look at him, the big baby, shiver ing like jelly. Come along* there'll be a rare ta'e for the Unicorn.' But, by way of answer, Annie tripped lightly and easily back along the ledge; so lightly and so easily as to. make one who saw her almost forget to shudder. 'The Caldron does turn some folk dizzy, I'm told,' said she. ' But it's quite easy. I used to run round it, backwards and for wards, when I was a little thing.' 'I can't do that,' said Richard. . 'I couldn't, no, not for ? r' 'But you must,' said Annie. 'I won't have — You mudtn't hiiye it said that you— . But you will do it. Do you think I'd bring you— anybody — into danger? Didn't I show you, myself, how easy it is, and how safe, too?' ? ' For you. Tor me — no.' ' For you, just as for me. If you're afr — if your head feels dizzy — shut your eyes and take my hand. Think you're on a path in a - field — it 'teu't really very narrow. Only feel the rock with your shoulder — and that's all. 'But if I slipped — then you- ? ' *' You won't slip. You can't. Why, no bod v ever slipped, and everybody, goes. Now, sliu^'your eyes, and take my hand.' He Mid shut his eyes: he^did take her hand. But what else happened he knew not, till he seemed to wake from a night mare, and found himself on the other side. ' A grown man having to be nursed round ths Caldron by a girl !' laughed George, not kin -!.ly. ' Well, never mind, lad. Every bc'.'-y's got to be as he's made.' But though it was George that laughed, it was not the laugh of the winner. There was no other means of getting Annie to himself between the Caldron apd the Uni coru. CHAPTER IL The Unicorn, a farmhouse as well as inn, about a. quarter of a mile- inland from the ?ingle, of the Caldron, is not in the^ village, but; stands en the high ground where the roii'i through Westcombe branches off and becomes two branches — the left, in a distant and gene.ral way, towards Bridgewater, and tlie right to UorncliS, past Hangm*rt's Hol ww. And it w.|ui at .tlie Ufliqarn $i§ .even ing that the tale of how the 'foreign' rub bish had been handed round the Caldron be came the public property of Westcombe. - ' And 'tis my belief he hasn't the spirit of a U?n chicken,' added George Hale, in a voice calculated to reach Annie's ears ; for, though she was not in the kitchen, she was no far-, ther off than the little room behind the bar, so that she would hear, anything spoken . loud enough without suspecting that she was meant to hear — so profound was the knowledge of her sex possessed by George Hale. ''Tic. my belief nobody ever knew the feel of his fist, and as to his talk, 'iis more like a parson's than a man's. Fancy h'.m at Sebastopol! Eh?' lis plain to fancy he might have run away,' remarked one of the company. ' 'Twould be warm work there.' 'Anybody that's seen service,' said George, warming to his own work, 'soon gets to know what a man's made of. *Tve seen a 'bit of service, and aren't ashamed of owning up to it, too. 'Tisn't every man that was first up the Redan, and saved the col ours with six Russian bayonets at him — or may be seven— and him all alone. Not but what there's others that mightnifc have done something like ; but they'd have to be other stuff than that chap, anvhow.' ' I say a man that did that ought to have been a General !' exclaimed another. ' Oh, 'tis all in the day's work, you see, Joe,' said George, modestly. ' 'Twouldn't do to have an arnvy all Generals ; and we got to think nothing of things like that. Bless you, there was Balaclava.' ' Ah !' said Joe, with relish ; ' I wonder you weren't in half a funk, that time.' ' You've just got to bs in no funk at all. There's no maids to lead you by hand against the whole Russian army, and you'd have a poor chance of dodging the shells if you shut your eyes. -Why, I've known them swarming round like a cloud of midges ! Talk of warm work !— why — ' ' It's good to hear of anything ?warm, to night,' said Richards, shaking down a shower of frozen fog as he entered, '' and to see anything at all,' he added, after evident ly failing to find what his eyes had been seeking. ' What with the snow and the mist one might as well be a mole outside.' ' There's times, now and again, when eyes are in the way,' said George, looking round .for the general grin at so happy an allusion to the story of the Caldron. 'We was talking of pluck,' said one of the party. ' Now, to my thinking, there's nothinir half so t-luckv as when a little chap stands up to a big 'un in the ring, and don't give in till he's knocked out of time. That's pluck for you — 'and a fine sight — as I've seen, too, with my own eyes.' ' There's a pluckier thing than that, John,' said another. ' 'Tis driving a steam engine. For I've seen it done.' ' I'll lay you a pint to a quart, Nelsoivd have, done it,' said yet another. 'That's pluck — Nelson !' And whats your notion, mate.' asKea George, turning to Richards. ' It ought to bo worth hearing, ought yours.' 'My notion of pluck,' said Richards calmly, ' is what I've done myself this very afternoon. It's to crawl round a cliff in as. blue a funk as — as — as — No ; nothing was ever half as blue.' ' Then, as you're all such amazing bold chaps,' said an old fellow in a smock frock, hitherto silent in the chimney corner, 'I'll give any one of you a chance of a pluckier thing than's ever been seen or done. There be'n't a chap here as'll go, this black- night and all his lone, to Hangman's Hollow. Not one of the lot of you — no.' ' Why, and what's the matter with Hang man's Hollow?' asked Richards, 'beside the name?' ' Ah, 'tis plain you don't belong to West combe. 'Tis where Dan Jarvis murdered his brother for monev, and was hanged in chains on the very spot where 'twas done. Ah, and though 'twas in the old times, and you'll see nought of it there on a sunshiny day, yet of a night, as it might be this, you'll still hear the chains a-rattling.and acreak ing — I've beard 'em myself; and 'twas in my very own father's time, Dan Jarvis's own very self was seen walking round and round his own gallows, months and months after he'd been hanged. Talk of your steam en gines — a sight that must have 'been! So what sort of a sight old Dan must be a walking now — and what he'd say or do to the one as caught him at it. Ah!' ' Then,' said George, seeing a further chanco of making his rival look small in Annie's bright eyes, or rather, as things were, sound small in her quick ears, ' then, as we're all agreed as how Master Richards here is the pluckiest dare-devil as is to be found of a winter's night, to say nothing of a winter's afternoon, I'll lay any man here glasses round that he, Master Richards, will go this black, night, and all alone, to Hang man's Hollow — and'll prove he's been there fair and square.' ' Done !' said Richards himself, with a smile. 'I'll take your bet — for I'll be hanged as high as Master Crook's Dan Jar vis if I turn out again, just when I'm get ting warm and snug : not I. You've lost your bet, fair and square. So — glasses round !'? 'Gammon!' cried George. 'You don't mean to let me in for backing you like that, and then to back out of it.' 'But that's what I do mean, you see. I never asked you to back me, and it's not a night for a dog — let alone — a — ' ' A — what? Perhaps you'd like to know what the men of my regiment would think of such a thing?' 'I can guess — if they were sensible men.' ' They were. So you do know what they'd have said of a man who bragged of his pluck, and let another man back it, and then wriggled out of it like a—. No : 'tis not, as you say, a night for a cut. You're right there.' Richards flushed up, and something like a gleam flashed from his eyes. He had never been known to give or to provoke a blow ; but even a coward will turn. However, be fore lie had' time to answer by word or deed — 'Would you go, George Hale?' said Annie, stepping into. sight. 'Would you go to Hangman's Hollow, by night, and all alone?' ' Of course I would, Miss Annie. I m not afraid of a dead spook, whoever else may be.' ' Then I bet you this new sixpence, with a hole in it for luck, you daren't.' 'Gammon. You know I dare. Every body knows I dare.' ' Very well, then,' said she, 'if you won t go, I will ; but if you like to shut your eyes and hold my hand, you may come too.' George had not Richard's incapacity for swearinir. so he swore like a man. 'Hang your lucky sixpence ! You shall see if I'm afraid of anything, dead or alive. Will anyone lay me half-a-crown I don't go to — there? And the more half- crowns the better for me.' He drainedhis tumbler and rose.. ' Come — don't be a fool,' said Richards, with his notoriously good temper back again. 'We've had more than enough of this nonsense, it seems to me.' 'Mind your own business,' said George, whose temper had gone by the board, ' and let me mind mine.' .' Quite' right,' said. Annie. ' Then here is the sixpence ; and here is a paper of nails. .Let it be found nailed througii the hole-to the middle of the top rail of the gate— you know where — and it shall be yours. If not, I'll keep it till it's won.' Somehow the feeling that more than a lucky sixpence was at stake had cot into the air ; but what or how much more might be in the girl's head was beyond the lumbering wits of mere men folk to surmise — even if it were not beyond the quickness of her own. ' You'll find it there right and tight,' Miss Annie,' said George, defiantly. ' Twenty minutes there, and a minute for the job, and -twenty minutes back again. And if I take another glass before starting, 'tis not because I'm a Dutchman^ but becauser-v ell, becausa I cUqo«&A; '~ . ' -' ,;--H« dW-take another, glass, and he took it ?strdii'g^/trbrigei'^th'an -he allowed anybody *to. see. ?:*;?,-' J^ook :at?the clbck,-r lads— just half after nine.- If -I'm not back by half ? aSter--ten- — ?':??'?' ' ?? ' '? ' ? '-'-'Tiwillibe. because 'you;find- Dan Jarvis iSUch..merr.y;.company,'- croaked old Crook ; frximi-his. corner. ??' What a sight he will be, affce.ru all , these.-. years ! Good luck, lad — and. I ..hpp.e ^ye ayon't ..want more than six penn'orth, before v.e've done.' It was not a comfortable form of good speed, but. after all, thought George, as he passed from the ' light ' and warmth of the Unicorn into the frozen mist outside, what is it but an old wife's bugaboo ? The con tents of several stiff tumblers were still warm within him. What on earth could that ? girl mean by sendinc ' him— him ! — out on ? such a night, and keeping that fellow Rich ards, confound him, in the 'w.armth of her presence and the light of her eyes? Ah!— he had it, though! Of course it was to show all Westcombe that there was one wholly brave man in the place, and that man, George Hale : to cap the story of the Caldron ; and to allow him, when he claimed the sixpence, to claim a great deal more. All the same, he wished it had not been quite so dark a night ; he could scarcely see his own hand when he' held it up to warm it with his breath. He might ?just as well not have been too proud to carry a lantern, if only to see his fingers ; and he might just as well have taken . one tumbler moie. iust to— -just to keep out the cold. Hark— w.hat was that? Pooh — dnly an owl. After all, it was a fool's trick of Annie's. Couldn't she have let well alone? And then that old Crook, with his creepy talk. It wasn't the right sort of talk at all for a man .who was. about to do what everybody allowed to be the bravest thing ever done. For, after all, 'there might be such things as ghosts. There certainly had been that murder~and— he besran to whistle. But he could not m.anage a tune. Perhaps his lips were too cold. '? He was now at the inner angle of the Caldron — that is to say very near indeed to the wooded poombe known as Hangman's Hollow. And, though it must certainly have been fancy when all was so dark, the mist seemed to be thicker and blacker, just where he knew he would presently have to stand, all alone, long enough to hammer a tin tack into a rail. And this with untrembling fin gers, or the sixpence might drop and be lost, and with it the proof of his valour. ' Of course it will drop,' thought he, ' a little thing like that. Why didn't I bring a lantern? No' — he was very near the Hol low by now — ' no, 'twould be a fool's trick of ? my own' to chance that! Not a soul would ever believe I'd really been.' He found himself perspiring at the thought, and the moisture turned chill as a sound unmistakably like the rattling of chains reached his ears. Of course there were no chains ; there had been no gallows since long before his time. But if there may be ghosts of murderers, why may there not be ghosts of their gibbets and ghosts of their chains? 'I'll — I'll not risk — dropping that six pence into the moss, or maybe into a chink of rock where it'll never be found. There's too much hangs on this'— his own thought startled him. ' Hangs !' It was an ugly word, just then ana there. ror sureiy lie did hear a sound, faint and phantom- like, it is true — but therefore all the worse to hear. 'After all, I think I'd best go straight home. ' When I don't turn up at the Uni corn, she'll have a bit of a scare! I can be at the Hollow again as soon as ever it's daylight, and nail up the sixpence safe and sound. Not a soul else will be about— and I should really have been there to-night, for I'm as good as there now; and ? Ha!' ? - Had he been a woman his cry would have been a scream. For forth, from Hangman's Hollow rushed two huge blazing Eyes, whose glare not even the mist could veil, and bore straight down upon George with a rattle and a roar. He dropped sixpence, hammer, and nails, and fled, with the whole horror of dead Dan Jarvis at his heels. CHAPTER HI. ' He's been a 'mortal long time gone, has George,' said Joe, when the hands of the clock were at eleven. ' I hope nought's happened,' croaked the prophet of ill in the chimney-corner. ' But my experience is how hope's a thing that don't often come true.' There had been silence that became less and less broken. After all, had it not been flying in the face of Faith to brave the Spectre of Hangman's Hollow, in whom every man there had at any rate once be lieved with the ineradicable belief of a child? Such looks as fell upon Annie, as she absent-mindedly busied herself about any trifle she could find at hand, were much more of reproach than of customary, admi ration. But those that fell upon Richards were less of reproach than of scorn. Had not his poltroonery caused the whole of an affair that threatened to end — how? ' Good night, Miss Annie,' said he at last, putting' on his cap and rising ; ' and good night all.' A general grunt was all he got for answer. It was still almost as dark as it had been nearly two ? hours ago ; So that, before he . had gone many paces, it seemed as if it were s.ome formless, phantom that lightly touched hjs arm. Yet he scarcely started ; and it must have been Annie's fingers, since it was her- voice that, spoke close to his ear. ' Richard — you are going to see what has become of George.' _~ 'I did think it might be as well. There's other things than nonsense might happen to a man on a dark- night along these cliffs. But go back — 'tis no night for you.' ' No — I must come, ' too. I know the way better than you: and it was I made him go. I shan't be missed yet awhile, and if I am — well, I don't care.' '.' Yes, it was You,' he said severely, al most harshly. 'If there's one thing a woman ought to be. ashamed of, it's show ing off what she can make a man' do against his own sense and his own will. His folly's her shame.' ' Oh, but you don^t understand ! Don't say ' Go back,' for I ? won't. But if you think I wanted— any power over him ? Only I couldn't bear to see him sit there taunting you — anybody— like that. Oh, why will you let them say such things — think such, things as , they do ?' .. , ^ 'What things?'- .'-... ' That you — I can't bear to say the word. That you're — afraid.' . '- ? ? 'So I am. Of lots and lots of things. You saw for yourself what a mortal funk I was in about, the Caidron. Aren't, we pretty near the. point of it now? If we are, for heaven's sake take care! One false' step ? I expect that will, give me many a., bad dream. And why shouldn't I be chaffed about the way I crawled round it? It's true, and so it's fair.' , 'You, are enough to put me — anybody that cared— in a rage !' 'Anybody that — cared? Are you any body.that — cares?' ' 'We've come out to look for George,' said she, quickening her pace. ' ?:r ' Ah, I was forgetting 'George. Bufc-Klo vou care for him?' ' -jz -.i^r ; ' I care if he's' safe- ? ' ''''''' .\ Richard staggered backwards, . nearly thrown off his feet by the rush of a heavy, mass against him. Annie lifted her lantern,, and its, faint light fell upon the face pi George, white, with such wild terror as is seldom seen on the face of any. man. ' Run ! Run !' Ke cried. ' Bub don't stop mel Dan. Jarvis -is loose, and after me — after ua all !' - - ? . ' He wrestled himself free, and made for tho sanctuary of. the Unicorn. Richard and Annie just looked, and there, sure enough, came straight towards them a pair of gleam ing eyes, wide apart, and the thud of gallop ? ing hoofs, and the clatter of wheels. 'A carriage^ — and there!' cried Annie. 'iWhat -?ao a cwria«e be doing thJ3re--7»nf4 at that pace! And how the fights sway I Oh — it's swerving to the cliff-r-it will be into ..the Caldron. 'Ah, it's gonel' . ???.....-.. ; SJie buried her face in her hands, to shirt out a far worse horror than had scared Georgo Hale. And so she did ~--»t see 'that she was suddenly alone.' How many ages she sitrad th-».u, with her hands pressed before her eyes, 'she ?„ could never remember. What recalled her to. her self was the shouting of the company of the Unicorn, hurrying out, in the supposed safety of noise and numbers, to share in an experience that would supply. Westcombe, for generations to come, with a feast' of terror and awe. There were plenty of lan terns now, one may be sure! And what they showed her was the body of Richards, lying as dead upon the turf, and a tall, gray haired gentleman standing over him and supporting a young lady. ' Here— bring help, some. of you!' poor Annie heard, as in a dream, as she lcnelt over the form of the man she loved — yes, loved ; coward or no coward it was to him, she knew now, her ? heart had gone. 'What is it?' she heard the same voice answering a clamour of .ques tions — 'Why, some idiot yelled . out in the fog/and scared the horse; and there was presently nothing between jis and. the edge of the cliff but that poor brave fellow ?lying there. Bring a light — it mayn't be, too late.' He knelt, and laid bis ha.nd nnnn .Richards' heart, which just possibly might bo beating still. 'Great Heaven! Kate — if it isn't Bryant — Dick Bryant 1 And Bee here !' He took -from where the heart might be no longer beating a small bronze cross that had' hung from a red ribbon beneath his clothes. ' His Victoria Cross. ' -Not Bryant,' does somebody say? As if his own captain, as I was then, didn't' know Ser geant Dick Bryant — the best and bravest soldier in all England, bar none 1' A plank was brought at last, on which the body of Richard Richards, alias Richard Bryant, might be conveyed to the inn. The officer followed like a chief mourner, and then the young lady, leading Annie* by; Mia hand CHAPTER IV. 'And now — what does all this mean?' asked Colonel Ashton, when .Sergeant Bryant was sufficiently convalescent to be [questioned. 'What business had you, I want to know, to thrust^y.Surself between a strange carriage, with a bolting horse, and a precipice? Did you want three to be killed instead of two?' 'Well, sir, when you put it. that w.ay, I can't say I know. Only the only chance for them that was in the carriage, was to turn the horse in the nick of time— and there-was nobody but myself — ' ' Oh, you needn't apologise for saving my daughter's life and mine^ — not at all ! But — what do y/m mean by hiding away here under a false name? Not that you could have hidden yourself for long, seeing that Kate and I have been taking a place at Horncliff — but come, Dick Bryant, make a clean breast of it, and if you've got into any scrape — ' 'Father!' said Miss Ashton, who had become so frequent a visitor to the invalid that, despite her ladyhood, Annie might almost have been pardoned for jealousy, 'brave men don't do wrong.' t ' Don't they, though !' said the Colonel. ' And it's Dick Bryant has got to answer — not you. Now — what does this mean ?' The convalescent looked distressed. ' Per haps, sir,' said he, 'I might make you understand if I was to speak to you alone.' ' No, no. We're all friends here— unless, of course, it was anything that — that ladies^ — _?*- - ? . '...„. — -.-- ' Well, sir, I'll try. Well, you see, when I came home, near Bridgewater, what with the Cross and the newspapers, -and the way the townsfolk went on, I was just ashamed. Why, sir, you know yourself there wasn't a man out there, nor at home either, that wouldn't have done anything I happened to do, if he'd got a chance^— and more, if it came in his way ? ' ' Only you did, and he didn't. Well ?' ' Anyhow, I got sick of being praised up and treated, and all that for — for doing what anybody would be a cur not to do. After all, whatever a soldier may do, it can never be more than his duty. And the thing is not what a man does, but what he would do if he'd, got to do it ; which he would, if it came in his way. Whenever I saw a man without the Cross, thought I to myself, ' There goes a man with as good a right to it as me — and better, for aught I know;' So, for a bit of a holiday, I came out here, where I wouldn't be known — and — well, here I stayed on — and that's all.' ' Ah — but why did you stay?' 'Father!' laughed Miss Ashton, with a glance at Annie, who (for they were simple folk in Westcombe) sat holding her lover's hand, unheeding who might be there to see. . 'Bless my soul — of course — to be sure! But why didn't you tell her who you were, and show her the Cross, and tell her how it was won ? Why if I was to make love again I'd stick on every decoration I'd got.' 'No, you wouldn't, sir, begging your pardon. You'd like to win the lady just by what, you Were.' ' But you tried to win her by what you weren't ! You hid your Cross as if it were a disgrace. You changed your name because it was an honour. You ran away from your friends because they were proud of you. Richard Bryant,' you'rean obstinate block head — that's what you are !' 'Well, sir, a man must be what he's made.' ' Yes ; but that isn't all. I'm told you were talked of as no soldier should be, with-' out setting yourself right even with the ? young woman you wanted to marry.' ' Oh, sir,' interrupted Annie, shyly, 'that didn't matter at all.' ' What ! - 1 thought every woman de spised a— ' . ?'???.'. ''.?' ' So she does,' said Annie. ' But then you see— rand Miss Ashton'll tell you the same-^very woman knows if a man is brave, whatever he may pretend.' - - So George Hale had been wrong in his '' tactics from the very first. . Yet he canriofc be called a failure. For, as The Man Who Had Seen Dan Jarvis, he became a .Hero ;. and as a,H'erb, and a handsome one to boot, he made a better match than if -he .had ..been obliged to spend his life .under the search light of the eyes of 'Annie, late of the Uni corn. -~ ' ? They will tell you at Westcombe 'how it ?was not George Hale- but Dan Jarvis that ran away — though maybe it is Dan that has the sixpence, for it has never been found. 