THE FILIBUSTERS. BY C. T. CUTCLIFFE HYNE, Author of "The Adventures of Captain Kettle/' Ac., &c.; CHAPTER XVI.—(Concluded.) She shuddered a little, and then with-an effort, she pulled herself together again and went towards the door. ] opened it for her. The corridor seemed to be empty, though there were plenty of men chattering out of sight at the further end. She -walked quickly away towards the voices, aiid I went back into the yoora. "It's just'a chance she may bring it off," said Garew, moodily. '"A s&m; ghost of a chance," said I. "There's not another woman in the world would have done so much. But if it does come oft, we've got to be Teady. Look here, Birch, I'll shut the door if we can .get Jupe inside, and dip the bar in place. You must pet your arms round tbe' man and hold him tight. You can do that'?" "Oh, I can do that right enough as far as physical ability goes; but the question is, do I intend to? It seems 1 am going to help you to many Briggs's promised wife. That's what I can't quite make up my mind about." "Now, for the Lord's sake, don't let's have cny more of this nonsense now," he said irritably. '"Hang it, man, respect the truce. We've got a beggardly chance of saving our lives and of serving Delicia, at one and tae same time. Have you got a better plan? No, you haven't. Then, for heaven's sake, shut your mouth and use your wit to help mine. Afterwards if we do get clear of this mantoap forty things may happen. You may shoot me, Briggs may shoot me, other people ,may do it; but, anyway, if I live 1 shall be President of Sacjronduca, in which case Briggs by his own contract with Delicia would-be out of the running. Whereas if" I get knocked on the head there she'll be a widow as sha was before, and the situation unaltered. You're serving Briggs by keeping her out of that • beast Maxillo's fingers, aiid you can salve your conscience with thai." We dropped the talk then, and trampled about, in the dusk of the room waiting tediously. I formed a thousand^ theories as to how Donna Delicia «ould fail in her negotiations. I could by no means see how Jupe woud be foolish enough to trust him- self within our reach. And always at the i>ack of my .thoughts loomed tie sugar boilers, with fires lit beneath, and water seething and bubbling inside, and—ugh, it makes my flesh creep to remember that time even now. At last Ave heard Delicia's voice again, and then* Father Jupe. My lieaJit almost stood still as I listened. Y-es, they were coming down the corridor towards us; two pairs of footfalls, both qniet and soft; no others. I strained my ears; I could swear there were no others. Father Jupe said something, I forget whati though I knew it was droll, and Donna Delicia. filled the corridor with laughter, merry, light, delicious laughter. Heavens, fancy being able to laugli like that then! What nerves that woman had got. Thpy came into the room, and Jupe said he was glad his gentle arguments had prevailed. "I am sure, Senores," said Father Jupe, "thap you - and all tine world will congratulate my brother on securing so charming and there he stopped. He s-- awj Carew moving towards the bar of the door, and in an instant he bristled with suspicion. I saw his hand dive towards a pocket of his cassock, which sagged down with the outline of a revolver, hut I was too quick for him. I threw my arms round 'him, and squeezed all the wind out of his body with the first hug. Carew made fast the door, and came up in front of him. "Now, Father Jupe," he said, "I need scarcely tell you that if you sing out, whatever happens to us, we shall have plenty of -time to take the change out of you before they can break down that excellent door from the outside and disturb us. You quite understand?" Jupe nodded. "^There's something in the pocket of your 'cassock which spoils the hang of the cloth, and doesn't do vour tailor justice. Permit me? A thousand thanks. By jove, my own revolver and cartridges. Jupe, yon are a real benefactor. I recommend the pattern of this gun to your-future notice—a four-fifty, you see. 2k ever try the smaller bores—they won't always stop a man." Father Jupe took all this philosophically —which was wise of him, seeing that he could not resist—and by degrees got back his .wind—'which -*was wiser still, in view of possible emergencies. Carew went on:—"Having, induced you to visit us, amigo, I want you next to give us a little, professional assistance. There seems so much marriage in the air that Donna Delicia and I propose having a wedding of our own—presided over by you, Jupe." The priest set -his lips tight like a mm prepared to accept the consequences of his words. "Xo," he said, "I will take no part In this sin." "Sin be hanged," said^ Carew. We are both of age, and both know our own. minds. Listen, Jupe—I pnb^ish the banns of marriage between William Howard Motte Carew, bachelor, and Delie Alica Spinoza, widow, both at present of this parish. If any of you know any just cause or impediment—mark that, Jupe—just cause—why these two persons should not be snugly married out of harm's way, ye axe now to declare at." . "You are ^heretics for one thing," said the priest ctSldly. "I-beg your pardon, father. We are both members of the Church which' you adorn." Father Jupe winced. "But still I shall not marry you," he said, "so you may shoot me if you please and get it over." "Nothing of the kind," said Carew. "We are now in the Tolpec mountains, and it may come to your memory that as we rode here from the plains below you brightened the way by tales of how the inhabitants of It was a queer scene, came to- l.Uink of it. Here was the richest, most b&mtafnl;, meet famous woman in the country, celebrating -her marriage—not with pomp and circumstance in che national Cathedral, as no^ht have been expected—but under con- this district dealt with captives who proved obdurate. I regret, amigo, that our apparatus is so scanty, and we cannot reproduce all their playful eccentricities; but we have this"—he kicked the brazero with its glowing charcoal into the middle of the floor, and picked up the red-hot iron bar and brought his savage face close to the priest—"and we're minded to pay you back in your owa. currency, you torturing brute." "I saved you from Manuel," said the priest sullenly. "I know you did, and we owe you nothing there. You only did it for your own purposes. But I'm not going to argue with you further; either you do what 1 want, or you take the consequences. E you refuse you shall take an hour to die, and \- rue every second of it." "Let me think," said the_priest huskily. 'Tm not going to let you gain time," Carew retorted. He lifted the iron bar tall I myself could feel the heat of it: and it must have scorched Jupe's face. "Hold him tight. Birch, and don't let him squeal; we've heard a lot about boiling and burning in this infernal country, *nd mow we shall see for ourselves how it affects a man. Tm going to bum his eyes out as a commenoenM>Bt." The man could have faced a shot, but he shied at torture, and I don't blame him. He nearly wrenched himself free from my arms when the red-hot iron cairte near his face, and "I give in," he cried; "I'D marry you. Oh, for God's sake, Garemytake that cursed thing away." Carew stood back. "Very weU," he said, "but don't make such a noise about it, or you'H wake -the place. And mind, don't you go back on your promise, Jupe, or try and bnrke the service, or well mark you yet.." • 1 "I know when I am beaten, Senor. 1 "Do you?" said Carew. "And you may put your -weapons away. I have given you my word." "I don't value your .word ai a cracked nickel- Birch, y ou stand behind this man, and if he tries any pranks, bottle him. Don't kill, you understand; break his arm. lio, don't do thait cither; follow the custom of the country: slice his ears off." But from this point onward I think- the prieat gave Sir William Carew a lesson in dignity. He motioned to Donna. Delioa, who up to this had been sitting on one of the "quatres" with face hidden in her hands, and in a quietly reverent voice asked her and Carew to take their pbces before him. He might be a place-seeker, a semisavage politician,'a brigand, and a hypocrite when the mood suited him; but under it all !he was the priest Still, duly consecrated, and duly empowered; and as I stood grimly inmy plaice behind him, I was more than halfashamed of the butcher's work which had been threatened in-order to bring about the climax. from bloody -tragedy. The chapel was an unconsecrated chamber in a- most unhallowed house. For illumination there was the silver moonlight from the window which fell on the heads and shoulders of- all the earnest group, and the faint -crimson glofw from the brczero on the unseen floor beneath; .and instead of sweet clouds of incense there were- acid charcoal fumes to tojueli up the remembrance. The old sardonic manner had gone from the celebrant. His very face had changed. Here was the ecclesiastic,-and nothing, more, and either he was a . consummate actor (which I do not care to believe) or else he was a man of deep convictions and did" not care to tamper wmJi the holiness of the sacrament. The affair 'had" been forced on him bitterly against his will; but once the human part of him -had been defeated, his spiritual half took the matter up and carried through the ceremony with an ampressivendfcs wjiich showed how deeply he felt its deefc) and holy significance. He made them man and "wife according fo -the ritual t>f his Church, bestowed his benediction as a priest of that Church, and for ever set Donna Delicia beyond the reach of his brother Maxillo; so long as Sir William Carew should live. But how long had Carew to live?- That was the questnon which worried me. As that ward marriage service was drawing to its end. some one<eame to the door of the chamber and called for Father Jupe with lusty vigour; upon which, on getting no reply, he had fallen to rattling the sneck; and as this produced no vestige of a reply, he had departed cursing, and would probably in a very short time bring other inquisitors, and a key in the shape of an axe to break the door. - It did not seem to me that wie had any of us bettered our condition. The .best that Carew and I could hope for would be permission to die fighting' and, though Donna Delicia certainlyiad dianged her name, she would still be a widow as before, and liable to more of MaxiHo's attentions. Yes, I didn't see that we had bettered ourselves one little bit, and I was itching with impatience to get it over. It is not pleasant to wait on the threshold of the next world like that; .and as soon as <tiie service ended I said mi' say. m • (To be continued to-morrow.) 