A UnVCf -PUftQY jjififeV ' " HU»CL WIU31 OlUnii ^ \- -j • • ( Authenticghbststones aretaptlo-hsvelesB point $han. the ghostvetoneB of literature, Samlet's father does not revisit the glimpses of the moon for nothing. Banquo has every cause to trouble the feast and tli'e conscience of Macbeth, and so on.- : Tales which have no claim to plassw dignity follow these standard examples. The other worldm flction does not reveal itself nnreasonjCbly.- ' -Io-the^tele-. pathic records of our friends who believe in psychical research something similar may oftenbe observed. The phantasms ofthe living, for examplej if you. onee^ grant-them, may generally jnsti^y themselves forsome- , thing better -than caprice. - With the few ghost stories, -howevciy which come to one's knowledge neither from literature nor - from scientific associations, nor from mere hearsay, the case isdcpressut^lydifierent. The apparitions seem either very unreasonable or governed in their conduct "by lines of reasoning totally foreign to any human :habit. : Such,"at least, -was the case when about seven years ago a curious thing happened in a/ small towo on the coast , of New England- • The incident has no ratiohal meahijig. At j the same time it produced on the people concerned an impression snfliciently marked to make it worth recording- Its very lack of , meaning, perhaps, gives it a tantalising odd lly tif itt own. ' j Towards the end of one August a gentle-1 man started a little after eight o'dSck in the ,evening to-csllaii some friends wholivedi jiule or more awav. He drove himself in an ordinary -buggy, and his horse was an 'every- j day animal from a country stable. His road, 1 with which he was perfectly familiar, led. down a hill, at the foot of which it curved towards a belt of low woods, through which it proceedeSior perhaps a gnai^'r of a mUe.' . After emerging from theBe woods it passeZ. I through a region of stone walled pastures j to tlie village, at the edge of which : Ins i friendsEved. ""•' These friends'were sitting indoors, for the V evening, though rather iess dark than usual, was distinctly chilly. Their house was quite new—so new; m fact, that the -fence which . now separates the grounds from the highway j ro"o 5 a e rdt. n ce! ofX he^ht^n oln' ary country rail -fence, had been knocked together Z T for i r the r moment. Z I i This strueture, m , however, was^o means fir^, the .boards which composed it were hastily nailed to posts at a considerable distance apart r At 8 30 .or so the visitor arrived , at h'is destination. He "was a man oi education-and l intelligence, and of unusually sinTole and regular habits. He certainly was not pos sessed of much imagination, nor Was he generally-excitable. You would have dfliea him, perhaps, agreeably "matter of fact in temper, His friends, then, rwere. surprised: : to observe that he was in a state of distinct j agitation.. ••-j ' Be had driven down the hill, he said,"with-! „„. ' ' i'j'i :. :i!s.-ji outadventure,-and nothing h^ happened, until he had reached the-edge of the woods.; through iwhich -his road. pasBed. There he' had been startled by a sudden movement of 7 his horse,'which stopped .shorthand, apparentlym terror, shied to one side of the road. Looking to. see.wha.thad startled the animal, :.which .was nov,- trembling, he perceived close - to Hie front wheel of his buggy-fhe figure of a man. This man wore a broad-brimmed hat,whichflappedalittlcoverhisfr; and uxs body seemed draped in a long cloafe, or . somesach^inusuaigarment. Altogether,-in. thedim light/nehad an unusual look- He' feaid nothings so. the man L-in, the buggy addresBed:him>-asking.what he wanted. -He •made 110 answer and no movementiwhatever. 7 Meanwhile the horse kept edging- away from him. Disturbed by.this state :of affairs, the driver, whipped the- animal, which started ahead rather wildly. To Ins intense surprise, -the figure remameddose to -the. wheel: As the horse dashed on, the figure gli&ed; 1 oil, iat a pace wliich'no^rdiiiaryinan.fcould pretend to keep up, yet without either a sound or : an obvious motion. Thcny as -the driver's eye grew more used-to the-dim 1 light, the -figure, tlius glidmg swiftly'beBide him, seemed half transparent. ~ At i-one^or-twopointsewherp the woods were thin^hc could see.tfrough the thing—whatever'it was-^to;;iJ;he 7 stone walls, and the treea -behind itri He .whipped -the - horse ; again: - and 'again, .and the'horse,- whieli seemedthoroiigbly frightened, went at full speed. LStUI their unearthly companion glided on, until 3 ust as they were emerging from the -woods, it . suddenly disappeared., That. was the. whole. -story. •- A-fact which. afterwards transpired :was not : at that .tune known tb any of-the company. 7 : -At'thismoment- the : fepot where the xhing vatjlshed: is a small country lot,. eovered Avith a tangled growth of low pines andnnderbrush.: A-century or-more ago^ it appears, tins lot was a buiying^ound. . -; 7 : Whatever, the excited gentleman had really -Been, bis- . agitation v;ns rather painful After about half an hour, however, it "began 1 to subside undertheinfiuence of sympathetic talk;.,and presently he said gbod-bye*to^^the s company. He was to leave 7 that part of the country next day; and -ihe wished to make anothcrfarewell caU ortwo before proceeding home. So everybody took friendly leave pf him, as they supposed for the season.., ' : - ' , Not more .than a minute or two -elapsed .be f -fore he returned. Something, he said, had. 1 happened to his horse; in the darkness he 7 could not- quite'.. make out what ".^he- f matter was; he-should have to ask for a' lantern. So a laiitbrn ,7 vras- procured; and the-, whole company,; whose^ curiosity Was' thoroughly aroused,, went- out:mth him 'to see what had occurred. . . ^ ' - , The part of the.story which follows, then.' had a number; of witnesses^-. otherwise: it; iW01ild . be as-incredible as it certainly was" ; meaningless. -. With equal certainty, however, 'it was distinetly imd unpleasantly queer. - \- "When thegeatlemamhad xeached the hoiise he had stopped hiB horse -just outside the temporary hoard fencfe -which, separated the grouudfi from the public road.: .-Finding :no regular arrangements for tying £he animal/ iie Jiad taken'a-rather longJutching strap, which' was in his buggy, and made ltr faBt to the top board of-the fence.: This proved' to be tahout- Jhree feet above the ground on* which the horse was left 'standing. The: reins, meanwhile; had-been: ^ tucked-between the splashboard of thctinggy and: the whip, - which wasstandmg in its 'so[ist." " TiiQB3eft outside the rough 'fence, tb 'which it was : securely tied the horae ha^se^d perfectly . ® n sU nfi ®J let had como out again. 1 sometliing had evidently gone wrong, To discover just what this was "the" lantern had been brought,and the company had cpme out. - * j \- The light-ofthCilantern revealed a state of things which has .never been -explainedi-^ What had happened was thiB: Somefiow or' other the horee had bodily got iverfthe fence and was standing on the.ground inside. The buggy, meanwhile,remained outside^-and the • -shaftB almost touehed the board whiqh -now eeparated the horse from the vehicle. Of course, one's first thought was that animal;^hich. had shared, its,-master^S: dis- 1 turbance, had^got restless and had jumped the fence. ^Bnt on careful examination. no j 'traccs of ^ubh T^stleaaheBs be found. The reins were still tucked.not very seciirely, ,between- 7 -the- eplashboard and the whip. There were no marks on eitbar nide _the fenfce.^hitSi jwonldindicateany violentinov^ aent^ywjbrse's feet TJie fence, again, was ttjpdSra&n;: any;horae tb step over out hitting itfyet it bore' no traces of anyblow from a hoof. 'What-is more, it was so lightly knocked together that any 7 violent movement on the horse's part would probably have pulledit apart; yet it wasaafirm as ever. In ihort, whatever had Teally happened, the appearance of things waf exactly what would' have-resulted from an 1 utterly impossible occurrence, namely, the bodily lifting of the animal over the fence from the public road to the grounds within. " • A certain fact is that die only way of releasing the'horse was to unharness him from the, buggy and to lead him round to the -vehicle agaui through a gate some little distance away. In the process of unharness-: ing, too,. it. became .evident that the harness had in no way been diiBtnrhed. To explain the thingatall, in short/we had to conclude that while the gentleman was making his call and .relating his. ghostly experience some mischievous passer-by had taken the trouble deliberately to" unharness the horse,-to lead. him through the gato, and to. harness him to the vehicle - once, mora,: and that, having token aU ithis trouble, the ;mm<anrf:maker ^ i> roeeeded 1116 Yer ? certainI y' no one waB Eear enough to eae the^usuuig: confusion. Very certainly, too, no other bit f>f mischief even remotely similar has been perpetrated m that part of the country for O T ®5 fift< f n ye" 8 - , ^ That this extraordinary occurrence, tonal ana meanipgless though it were, should so instantly have ensued upon the ghostly visi-. tafion of the -victim certainly made an nn- ^ y m P res6 ™ on the whole company of P eo P le who stood by while the' Blxor unlae k T iorse was reharnessed by lantern light to the uninjured buggy. This process :^ finaUy. haffle good-bye to tbeir disturbed fnend, who started ^one on 113 4 homeward drive So far as any of them have eyer known, nothing farther happened toliim tliat.nigbt. Onofact,however, re- .mainB to fcc;added. aTo.one ofjthat company,: aU o £ "wh<»n had known him well, ever saw Before the next Bummer he had ' ; . .i, '' 