NEWS AND NOTES. "Western Mail."-This week's issue of the "Western Mail" contains portraits of the new goldfields members of the Legis lative Council, a view of the Brown Hill Extended mine, and a couple of interest in" glimpses of a garden on the East Murchison. the last of which show very clearly what can be done in our dryest districts by irrigation. Several topical tramway views, a Chinese photograph showing how pirates are disposed of in that land, and two views of victims of the Indian famine are also of interest. Footballers are specially catered for in the entire page of views dealing with the British Association goldfields week. The letterpress in the issue deals with all round happenings, and also contains a considerable amount of fiction and gene ral reading. Mr. H. W. Venn, M.L.A.-"Mr. H. W. Venn, M.L.A., who is at present in Switzerland with Mrs. Venn, is," writes the "Colonial Goldfields' Gazette" of Au gust 11, "reported to be much better. During the recent severe heat in Paris he frequently almost lost his voice after any undue exertion." London Chamber of Mines and Fede ration.-"I wish," writes "Anglo-Colo nial" in the London "Citizen" of August 11\. "to take exception to a statement in the following cablegram, which the London Chamber of Mines reports hay ing received on the 2nd inst. from the president of the Kalgoorlie and Coolgar die Chamber of Mines :--To the London Chamber of Mines.-Federation has been won by a large majority. This result is almost entirely due to your assistance. Please inform the West Australian com nanies in London.-Daniell. President' The London Chamber of Mines has done much useful work during its career, but even the council and the secretary must frankly admit that it has done practi cally nothing to bring about Federation in Western Australia. except getting some money subscribed on this side to fight the cause. It is a ridiculous state ment which should never have been pub lished. The West Australian Chamber of Mines, now incorporated with the Lon don Chamber, kept Westralian mining interests prominently to the front in this country during its e±istence, but the council very wisely left the subject of Federation. on which there was such a diversity of opinion in the colony, se verely alone." Mr. F. S. Grimwade, I.L.C.-Mr. F. S. Grimwade, M.L.C.. of Victoria, is a passenger by the R.M.S. Victoria, which left Adelaide yesterday, and which is ex pected to reach Fremantle next Monday. Mr. Grimwade will make a brief stay in this colony. Wagin Baptist Church.-The anniver sary services of the Wagin Baptist Sunday-school were held on Sunday last, when the Rev. F. H. Radford, of South Perth, the founder and first pastor of the Wagin Baptist Church. preached to large congregations in the afternoon and evening, the Anglican Church kindly foregoing their usual evening service. On Monday a Christian Endeavour rally was held, attended by delegates from the six societies within the G.S.R. Baptist Mission, followed by a well-attended public evangelistic meeting in the even ing. Tuesday morning saw the forma tion of a Local Preachers' Association in connection with the missionl and in the evening a tea was provided, when over eighty children and about one hun dred adults attended. The tea was followed by a public meet ing. Mr. Richards, the superintendent of the Sunday-school, presided over an audience of about one hundred and seventy persons. Addresses were delivered by Revs. F. 11. ad ford and W. Kennedy, and Messrs. Wichert, Horsey, and George (home missionaries), and the children sang several selections. A h'earty vote of thanks of all those who had assisted to make the services a success was moved by Mr. Nencke (secretary of the Wagin Endeavour Society). seconded by the senior deacon of the church (Mr. Wat son), and carried with acclamation. The Indian .t amine Fund.-The Mayor (Mr. Alec. Forrest, M.L.A.) yesterday received a communication from the chairman of the Indian Famine League executive. announcing, with thanks, the receipt of a further instalment of £200 from the people of Western AUstralia. Mr. C. Carlisle Taylor.-Mr. C. Carlisle Taylor, general manager of the Equit able Lifo Assurance Society, who is on a visit to Western Australia, left Perth yesterday for the eastern goldfields. He expects to return next week. Eastern Mail.-The next weekly mail for the Eastern colonies, via Fremantlo, will close at the G.P.O. at 6 p.m. on Thursday, 20th inst., for transmission by the R.M.S. Cuzco. Mail for South Africa.-A mail for Capetown and Natal is notified to close at the G.P.O. at half-past 2 p.m. on Friday, 21st. inst.. for despatch, via Albany, by the s.s. Damascus. EnglishMail.-The weekly mail for the United Kingdom for transmission, via Albany, by the R.M.S Victoria, will close at noon on Monday. Foreign mails will close at half-past 11 a.m. The Subiaco Eleotorate.-At the invi tation of a number of the electors of Subiaco, Mr. E. E. Rogers, managing director of the Perth Electric Tram ways, Limited, delivered an address on political matters relating to the electo rate in the Oddfellows' Hall. Leederville, on Wednesday night. The chair was oc cupied by Or. Rae, who, in introducing Mr. Rogers, said if that gentleman were elected, he would necessarily forward the interests of all those who resided in and held property in the district Mr. Ro gers, who was received with applause, said if he were returned to represent the constituency, he would spare no effort to justly represent them. As to the con struction of the tram route to the sea, its advantages were patent to all, North Beach being the natuhal watering place of Perth. He then proceeded to deal with political matters. particularly refer ring to those of local concern. A vote of confidence in Mr. Rogers was carried with acclamation, and the proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to the chair man. Benefit Concert.-An entertainment, which was largely attended, was held in the Bohemia Hall on Wednesday even inn. ubder the auspices of the United Ancient Order of Druids. The proceeds, which, with the outside sale of tickets, i are expected to amount to £30, will be ; given to the widow of the late Bro. i.-nch. A varied programme was con tributed to by the following - Mes dames Davis, Patek. Miss Waugh, and Messrs. Semple, Eeles, Tatham, Wing, o Mitchell, Richardson, U'Keefe, Quill, t Lanslew and Waugh. The concert ter minated with a farce-"The Ghost in a Pawnshop"-in which Messrs. J. W. Croft, M. McKimin, and Tom Quill e took part. D Tenth Eight-Hours Demonstration. - At the weekly meeting held on Wednes t day night at 12 Federal Buildings there 9 was a good attendance of delegates. The tenders of the Federal and Subiaco bands were accepted. A communication was received from the Amateur Cycling Club calling attention to the state of the track on the Association Ground, and it e was decided to draw the attention of the v trustees to the matter City Police Court.-At the City Police Court yesterday, before Mr A. S. Roe, P.1 ., a Mend King was oharged with neglecting to maintain her child, and was remanded in order to allow arrangements being made. For allowing horses and cattli to stray in the streets, T. G. Molloy, H. Albert. WVm. McCallum, and J. J. Harwood were each 7 fined 2s. 6d., costs being added in each case. a On Hop, for hawking withcut a license, was fined 5s. and costs. Successful Land Sale at Esperance.-The Minister of Lands was informed yesterday, t by a telegram received from his officers in Esperance, that a very successful land sale had just been conducted in that township. In all 42 lots were offered at upsets rang ing from £15 to £20 per lot, and the average price realised was no less than S£44 17s. Id. The gross receipts from the sale were 1£1,884. Commenting on the result of the sale the Minister yesterday said that he was glad that Esperance seemed to have some life left. The Bishop of Perth.-Our Adelaide correspondent telegraphed last night: "The Bishop of Perth (Et. Rev. Dr. Riley) and Dean Goldsmith, who attended the f General Synod in Sydney, left by the mail Ssteamer Victoria for Fremantle to- day." Perth Weather.-Yesterday's shade I temperature readings at the Perth Ob \- servatory were: -Mlax., 58.0deg.; min., t 49.5deg. ? Subiaco Presbyvterian Sunday School. -The third anniversary in connection Swith the Subiaco Presbyterian Sunday School took nlace on Sunday last. In the morning the Rev. Pow Chee prea ched; in the afternoon the Rev. A. Mc. Carlie, of Cottesloe, addressed parents and children; and in the evening the iter. R. P. Wilson, pastor, preached. Considering the inclemency of the wean ther, the attendances were good. Under the leadership of Mr. Houston. the scholars sang special hymns. The anni versary tea meeting and distribution of prizes took olace on Wednesday even ing. (This is looked upon as a scholars' tea meeting only.) Tea over, the hall was cleared of tables, and the concert and distribution of prizes nart of the meeting commenced. The Rev. R. P. Wr ilson occupied the chair. The tea was well attended by both children and their parents. Over the meeting that followed the Rev. R. P. Wilson presided. The annual report presented by Mr. t Simpson, sen., showed that the number of scholars on the roll was 150, and that the average attendance during the year had been 104. The chairman delivered an interesting address, and the prizes were distributed. During the evening a programme of vocal and instrumental t music, recitations, and club-swinging was submitted. The proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to all who contri buted to the success of the anniversary P celebration. Probates and Letters of Administra tion.-The following probates and letters of administration were granted ior the ° week ending September 13: -Probla, e: Charles Layman (late of Busseltoni far Smor, to Frederick Bussell Vines and An thony Ulindou Layman. £497 .Jhnlt Thomas Nancarrow (late of Perth). con r fectionery importer, to Sara Jane Nan car.rrow, £2.045 G?. lid. Letters o. Ad ministration : Henry Jo!.n Trigwell (late of Bunbury), blacksmith, to Josephine Caroline '?. -well, £609 4s. 7d. I Fremantle Local Court.-At the Fre mantle Local Court yesterday, before Mr. 11. Fairbairn. R.31. W. C. Forsyth sued J. F. Selby for £3 15s.. for rent of a house. Defendant put in a counter a claim of £5 for damages to the furniture b of the house by rain water, alleged to he due to the house not being in proper re pair. Mr. Gawler appeared for plaintiff, a and Mr. MA. L. Muoss for defendant. Judgment was given for plaintiff and against the counter-claim. t Destructive Fire at East Fremantle. About 2 a.m. yesterday. an alarm of fire b was raised at High-street East. Canvas f town. The fire nroved to be in a grocery o store. owned by Mr. J. Cameron. The d neighbours quickly turned out. and S battled energetically with the flames, and, owing to their exertions. the out y break was overcome. The place was e being watched, when at about 4 o'clock t the fire again broke out wit I fresh 1 vigour. There was no means of com \- municating with the Fire Brigade. and \- ultimatelr the fire got beyond the con s trol of the workers, and consequently. a the store, which wa a -eat,-r.hnard a structure, and the sto.' r e,, ",eti \- cally demoFlished some harm.-, 1h?ing I about the only thing that was saved. the origin of the fire is unknown. Mr. Cameron estimates his loss at about £300. The building and stock were in sured for £175 in the London and Lan cashire Fire Insurance Company. Presentation to Dr. Black.-The staff of the Medical Department on Wednes day evening last made a presentation to Dr. E. Black of an ivory-handle Malacca cane walking-stick, and a silver ciga rette- case. Dr. Black has been filhing the position of Principal Medical Officer, and the staff over which he presided wished, on the eve of his relinquishing his duties in that capacity, to testify their regard for him. The stick was suitably inscribed. Mr. P. H. Milner chief clerk, made the presentation, and his remarks were supported by Mr. Brodribb, the accountant. Dr. Black during the week entertained the staff at dinner at his residence. Both functions .were of a pleasant nature. Fremantle Police Court.-At the Fre mantle Police Court yesterday morning, before Mr. Jas. Lilly. J.P., Alma Camp bell Dunning and Rose Bailey were charged with having been disorderly at Edward-street, Beaconsfield. to the an noyance of neighbours. They were found guilty, and each of them was sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment, without the option of a fine. -Central Board of Health.-The ordi nary weekly meeting of the Central Board of Health was held on Wednes day; the president (Dr. Black) occupy ing the chair. An application was made by the .Helena Vale Local Board- of Health to approve a temporary sanitary site. It was decided to make a personal visit of inspection. With reference to the annlicarion for apnroval of a site for a bone mill 'near Fremantle, it was agreed that the board had no objection to the site, nrovided that all conditions under which the application was made were enforced. The Chief Inspector's renort on the slaughterhouses in the Cannington district was received. The Leederville Town Clerkship.-A special meeting of the Leederville Muni cipal Council was held last night to receive the applications called for for the joint position of Town Clerk, engi neer, and health inspector to the muni cipality, at a salary of £200 per annum. There were present the Mayor (Mr. J. Vervard), in the chair, and CrsJ.J. Rae, W. Thorpe, H. Thompson G. H. Reece, H. J. Ashworth, H. Dickson, and the Acting-Town Clerk (Mr. J. C. Brickhill). There were no less than twenty-eight ap plicants for the position, Mr. Brickhill, the present Acting-Town Clerk, being among the number, which included a good-proportion of Leederville residents. After discussion, the whole of the ap plications were referred to a committee, consisting of the Mayor and Crs. Rae, Ashworth, and Thorpe, for consideration. the committee being instructed to select the names of the six applicants whose qualifications for the position .appeared to be the most satisfactory, which will be submitted to the ordinary meeting of the council on Thursday next, when the appointment will be made. Carter Injured.-lesterday after eman, a carter named Wm. Draper, resid ingin Glyde-street, Plympton, was pro ceecung along Cantonment-street, Fre-. plantle, in charge of a loaded dray, when by some means he tripped and fell under one of the wheels, which grazed his shoulder. He was not seriously injured, but the house surgeon at the local hos pital admitted him for treatment. The Rev. J. Slattery.-In the Bijou Theatre. Fremantle, last night, the Rev. Joseph Slattery, lectured on "Why I left the Church of Rome." The chair was occunied by the Rev. J. Beck,Baptist min ister There was not a large audience. •A strong body of police were present in view of the possible disturbances, but although many persons gathered outside the hall, no trouble occurred. Up to about 9 o'clock the lecture proceeded smoothly. Then several persons at the back of the hall got up and left hur riedly. for while the lecturer was dis coursing on "Why he left the Church of Rome," the reason "Why some of the .udience left. the hall" was unpleasantly apparent-asafoetida had been spread about, and the result was disgusting. This afternoon Mrs. Slattery will lecture to ladies, and in the' evening Mr. Slat tery will again speak.. Funeral of Mr.. A. Thomson.-The funeral of the late Mr. Andrew Thom son, of the Rose and Crown Hotel, Guild ford, and formerly of the Star and Gar ter Hotel, Perth, 'took place yesterday afternoon in the Presbyterian portion 'of the Perth Cemetery. His remains were followed to their last resting place by a large number of friends, includ ing the brethren of the Emulation Lodge, W.A.C., and St. Andrew's Lodge, Scottish Constitution, of which the de ceased brother was a prominent mem ber, the John Hutt Lodge, and the La them Lodge, in full Masonic regalia The chief mourners were Mrs. Thomson, Mr. and Mrs. Gray, and Mr. S. Fairbrother. The following sent wreaths: -Mrs. Hub bard, Mr. Thos.Jecks and family, Mrs.R. Ireland, Miss Rooke, Mr. and Mrs. A. n. Lockyer, Mr. and Mrs. Duncan, the Guildfoid Lodge Oddfellows, Manchester Unity, Mr. and Mrs. J. Feazey, Messrs. Isaac and W. B. Woods, A. and M. A. McFarlane, Officers and brethren of Lodge St, Ande?gw. The Rev. Robert nanun omsnated at the grave, and the funeral arrangements were carried out by Mr. Donald J. Chipper. Carpenters' Wages.-When seen last evening with regard to the application made by the Carpenters and Joiners' So ciety to the Contractors and Builders' Association for a rise in the day wages paid by the association, Mr. Atkins. of the firm of Messrs. Atkins and Law, stated that his association had replied to the carpenters with another question. In effect, it was a request to know whether the carpenters and joiners would guarantee that. in the event of this desire being acceded to, another demand for a further increase would not be made during the next twelve months. It was not he continued, that employers had any objection to pay the higher wage asked for, but they must-protect them selves, as it would be very awkward in the event of their taking a contract on the basis of 11s. per day, the wage asked for, if when in the middle of the work the men asked for another rise. SMr. G. F. Pearce, the president of the Trades and Labour Council, was also interview ed on the subject, but he declined to say Anything, as negotiations between the two parties were still pending. Entertainment at Fremantle.-It is a.nounced that there will be an attrac tive entertainment to-vight at the Vic toria Hall, Fremantle. The programme will consist of conjuring and illusions, by the American conjuror, Steven; also juggling, by Arnold Jarvis. and a thought-reading seance, by Mdlle. Myl roe. Western Australia and the Glasgow Exnibition.-Mr. J. JW. Hackett, M.L.C., vice-president, and Mr. Morgans, M.LA., a member, of the Paris Exhibition Com mission, had an interview yesterday after noon with the Premier in reference to the representation of the colony at the Glasgow Exhibition, when the question was con sidered whether it would be advisable to continue the powers given to the present Commission or to place the matter in the hands of the Agent-General in London. Sir John Forrest asked to be furnished with details of the anticipated expendi ture, and the deputation promised to com py with the request. The interview then temancted. Cinderella Dance.-Court Perseverance A.L F. will bring its successful series of winter socials to a close this evening with a Cinderella dance, to be held in the Odd fellons' Hall, William street. Metcher's Band has been angaged to provide the music. A special general meeting of the Fre mantle Vigilance Association will be held at the Town all, this evening, at 8 o'clock. . s. isiness ce lumi,, appears an adver ticem. requesting the owners of "'one 15 carat gold bracelet :ann o-e 9-carat gold brace let' to ap:.ly to the detective branch of the .Polie ':epartment as claimants. The Crimi na Investigation Department are particularly anxious to find owners for the above-named articles. a they believe thatthe identification uo the brae-lets wil in a'l probability lead to the ro, ,r.et:. -of sevc:.erl men now in custody on char._ ,r'agina rtom ordinary burglary to robery under armas 