Short Story, A Distillery Ghost. It Is not necessary to this story that 1 conjugate my verb *' to bo" in the past tense. In fact, It 3s n painful subject to roe, so I Trill merely say that I am a, tramp, of Interest to no one. except by chance lo me farmers dog or to tlie police. On tlie particular day of which I speak I bad been walking since sunrise along roads where the hot dust spurted under my shuffling steps, aud where the sight of a solitary blotoli of sbade was as grateful as the clink of Ice to the tbirsty. I carried a companion In my pocket, a little flat, black companion, and every now aud then, when the prospect became unusually dry and my liuuger too insistent, I raised to my lips that mouth vhicli alone of all others had been constant to me—the month of the bottle. Towards afternoon, as t marched doggedly on, I became aware of a sudden cool lapping of shadow over my shoulder, and glancing about 1 saw that a storm was beating up behind me. By some malevolent inspiration I remembered having beard that on this very road stood a disused distillery, a favourite re«sting-f>lace for travellers of my description. Not far ahead was a clump of pine trees, and behind them rose the outlines of an old chimney. I hurried towards the place, plunging through a tangle of dusty weeds, and, sure enough, there stood the building of which 1 was in search, its sagging roof and bursting walls green with age. There were two hole^ ripped in the roof, staring deep aud empty as the eyes of a skull. I crawled under the door just in time, for the next moment the rain came roaring down straight as melted lead. It must have been a dismal place at best but now. under the thick sky aud drumming rain-drops, it was particularly dispiriting. There were two rooms on the lower floor with no visible means of communication but a wide windows set in the wall. The glass panes were unbroken, and the room behind was perfectly dark. Connecting these rooms with the attic was a rickety staircase. The earthen floor was covered with a dank mesh of pale grassblades. I cowered against the wall while the storm boomed and crackled over my head, closing my eyes from time to time against the shock of white fire that darted through the chinks and uuder the door. Presently. as I sat with my hot lids drawn down. I felt a startling sense of some one looking at me ; I turned quickly towards the window of which I have spoken, and there, pressed against the dark glass, was a face, peering at me steadily. Ob. the horror of that face ! for. as I looked, the outlines began to change and grow, like some great colourless jelly—a sofl. human jelly oozing and spreading across the panes. I shut my eyes, and my heart battereil my ribs. Again 1 looked, still the face was there, only this time the slack mouth drew back in a sickening smile, and it ran out Its blue tongue, licking its loose lips quietly. I started to my feet with a cry. and as I did so the window began to slide up. » 1 dropped to the floor weak with fear, and the sash fell into place again. Then I realised that, I must lie thene, absolute- ly still, for if 1 rose, the window rose, too—lie there and look, while that face leered at me from behind the glass. By-and-b.v It 'began to move with a flaccid. gelatinous swaying. I saw It bend over, and raise something from the floor, something that had been a man. but now hung quite limply in its mouth. It pressed the body against the wimliow. laughing Kilently. and I saw—myself ! Cod lieip me ! for 'the first time In this world 1 looked into my own fai'e. Myo>wn face did 1 say ? No. no ! S.in»« Moated animal, purple, pimpled, wfcli eyeballs so blood-shot that they seemed to be staring through a web of redjlace. How long I lay there'. I cannot tell. At last I moved, and my hand touched something cold : it was my bottle, the companion of .my wanderings. I held it up. and saw that then- was still a drop or two In it. I drained It to the dregs, and the glad fire warmed me and made me strong. At that moment the THftig began to raise its pallid, horrible fleelers. twisting them about the body It held, snapping the limbs off and itrogiping them into Its mouth, where the #blue tongue caressed them hungrily. • It had finished its meal, (but It still kept its vague eyes on me.»and then 1 realised that 1 was moving, slipping quietly towardn it ! I clutched at the rotting steps, and they crumbled to brown powder In my hands. I ground my fingers into the earth until tiiere was a trail of bloody mud after me. Then I made one superhuman effort, dashed up the swaying staircase, and broke Into the attic. I slammed the doonand threw" myself against it. for I had <seen that accursed •window dart up wStli a crash as I leaped, and I knew that the Thing would follow me. ami tear me to«pieces. and plunge me into its mouth, and mash and mangle me. between its toothless gums ! The room where I found myself was dim and wet. Between the cracks in the wall a flaming strip of suuset glowed lite a forge in'the twilight. Every breath'of Nalture was hushed now. the rain came only in looselyblown gusts, and the thunder had shu'd-' dered away into silence : my linir rose and my flesh grew rough and icy. for on the stairway was a soft, creaking sound, then a steady pushing against the door. 1 howled aloud in my anguish, and the sound of my voice set the place bellowing with echoes. My arms were torn, and the bones nearly snapping from thr pressure, and still I felt the door opening, opening! There was a cruireh—one rnsly hinge dropped clattering to the floor, another and for n moment the door tottered and fell forward. iientSy crushing me ; but.'- no. I was too quSck. I was mad with fear. One instant only we stood looking at each other, the Thing framed in the empty door space, and 1—a wild beast cr.i7.ed with the fiercest race Instinct : then 1 plunged forward and out through a rent, in the torn hoarding. I felt the wood snap a.ud give, and the awfal swoop of my fall, and knew that, the Thing had hurled Itself after me; I scrambled to my feet and went rnslii ing flying down the empty road. The wet bushes slapped my face and dung, clammy as dead hands that would have stopped my flight, aud all the time I heard the Thing behind mfrheard the plash of the paddles as it trailed through them and the beat of Its formless steps. The moon was rising across the road, a great swollen disk,'. sanguine and threatening. I remember every' scene : the Jerky flitting of a bat, the dark spray of some hanging vine, and the pounding ofiny own steps. I remember catching my ragged shoe in a root tbaj had crawled out- frotu'the hedge, ana hearing- a deep, horrible chuckle; then' I fell forward—and remember nothing more. It was midnight n-hen I became conscious again. The moon had shrunk into the zenith, and was looking at me with its little white eye. I was very weakj iuni my hands were stiff with 'dry blood. There was not a living thing in sight, only the pale ribbon of the deserted road and the gray fields stretching away to the sky. Far on my left stood a clump of pine trees : behind them rose the outlines of an.old chimney, and, sick as I was. I went hobbling through the night till the place was lost to view. Then I crawled into a damp havrick—and slept. —Julie Closson Kenlv " the " Weekly Sun." 