AN AUSTRALIAN MYSTERY. I .shall offer no explanation of wliat 1 relate. 1 have no theories by which to.explain the phenomenon, if such it be. I had theories, but they, one after another, failed to account for the facts in the ease. So I shall simply relate the bare facts as they are, shall vouch for them, produce additional testimony if desired, and leave their explanation to sonione more acute or at least bet ter versed in the solving of mystery than myself. To begin with : l am not a believer in ghosts, visitations, sorcery, or any relic of barbarism of a kindred nature, and am not a member of the “-Society for I’sy cli ica 1 it esea rol I.” 1 rented a house in which to spend is simply an ordin ary little country cottage, -cm-, nothing about it to attract a second uotice ; just such a house as one would see in a few hours’ ride along any road from 'Melbourne. The only thing that attracted me to it was that it was in a rather secluded spot, where I could take tuy little family and spend a quiet summer. It stood on a small knoll in what is called the “ second bottom,” about a mile from the river. Tire ground was dry and well drained, for only on the rarest occasions did the river Hoods reach it. I mention these particulars thus minutely as possible suggesting some of the theories along which I sought an explanation. The lliouse had been empty for some time when 1 took it. ’When I offered to pay foil- two months’ occupancy in advance, the landlord would accept only one month, saying that I could pay the other if I concluded to remain. I laid this queer business method to his gene rosity and gave it no further thought. While we were arranging our few be longings our nearest neighbour’s boy stopped to. say— “Good-morning,” and made the en quiry—“ Bought the house ?” We explained to him that we were there only for a short time, and would bo pleased to have him call. “ Well,” he replied, “ perhaps I might come some day. but I ain’t much of a hand to be earning round here at night. Think you’ll stay two mouths ?” We assured him that we would. “ Well, perhaps you will,” he re turned, as he trudged off towards home. Several of the other neighbours look ed mysterious and knowing when they learned that we had rented the “Copic house ” for the summer. “ Pretty place, it’s true ; but, oh, well -” our neighbour boy’s father re marked when I met him after we had been safely ensconced for a few days. I saw nothing iii this at the time, but subsequent events made all clear to me. O’nr sleeping apartments were above; the rooms, were airy and all tilings poin ted to a pleasant summer outing. One morning my wife remarked at break fast about resting badly during the night. . I had to confess to the same feeling. We attributed it to onr fishing excursion of the day before, and thought no more of it. One nigh’t, a week or so later, we had retired as usual, but try as I would, I could not go to sleep. I tried all of the means with which I was ac quaintjed to bring on drowsiness. I named alphabetic-ally all of my frieuds ; I counted up to a hundred slowly, but still sleep forsook mo. I am naturally a heavy sleeper, but to-night this bless ing was of no’ value. I was restless and nervous. In fact every nerve seemed on end, and was strung to the highest tension. . I felt no'pain ; a pain would have been a relief ; it would have cen tralised the agony. When I laid my car to tliie pillow, the lush, lush of my pulse was torture, and when I kept perfectly still in any position, the very couch would vibrate to Iny heart beats. I felt if I could scream it would be a relief, but that would startle the house hold. I heard my wife turniug rest lessly ou her couch. Presently my little child, a boy of Lbrec, asked from his cot— - I ‘‘Papa, .tan I dit in bed wif you V I nn’tdoe tos’eep.” . - I told him “yes,” and lie crawled :los$e up to me, all;of a ’tremble. . I heard iuy wife turning restlessly igaiu, and I asked, “ Grace, wliat could .v|n have eaten for supper ? I can’t go :o sleep.” She replied-that she hadn’t -lof*ed her eyes either, but-that our sup >er had been-the same as usual. All was soon quiet, and I again tried o woo slumber. I heard the clock iu be room strike eleven; an hour of igony passed and I heard it droll out twelve. Its usually mellow sounds grated ou my sensitive ears, aud tlie last stro'kp sounded through the room like a shout iu a cave. One o’clock passed, and only the child had found sleep, hut it seemed more the fitful sleep of one in a foyer than the healthy slumber of a child. The clock had just Struck two, when I heard voices in the yard below. Iteeognising my neighbour’s voice. I went down and found him, and his two sons, and one of his labourers. “ We just saw that your house was ou liiye, and came over to give you any help we could.” one of the boys remarked. “ House ou lire!” X exclaimed ; “you’ve made a mistake.” “Yes. ’(was,” he persisted ; “all ablaze on the roof.” “ You must be mistaken,” I replied ; “ r see uo signs of it now.” “ Xo.” the old gentleman interposed ; “ it wient out just as we got here ; it always does.” , “ What do you mean ? Bo you sup | pose I’m daft, to believe such stuff! Don’t you see it’s all dark up there ?” I replied, somewhat warmly, for I thought, they were simply passing by and wanted a little fun at my expense. So I went into the house and closed the door on them. “ All right,” the boy relumed, “ you’ll I made some excuse to my wife for their call, tumbled into bed, and it was broad daylight when I awoke. We said liltle about the restlessness of the night, but I thought much. Wo experienced no more dilliculiy in sleeping, ana i bad a 1 lout forgo!ten the occurrence. I was called to. the village one even ing a week or so later, aud was detained late into (lie night. I was cantering homeward shortly after midnight. B lien I was some two miles from home, with a heavy tract of timber between me and my house, suddenly the sky above and beyond the woods was il lumined as from a. great fire. My horse stopped with a suddenness that all but sent rap over bis bead. It was wilii difficulty that I urged him forward. I looked again. The fire was in the direction of my bouse. I whipped my horse into a run. When I plunged intojtlic timber the sky be yond was red. In my dread lest it was my house I lashed my horse along regardless of bad road and low-hang ing limbs. When I emerged from the timber within a quarter of a mile of home nil was dark. I rode more leisurely, but yet nervously, tiie little distance that re mained. When I went up to my room I found my wife and little one suffering from the same nervous sleeplessness that we had experienced ou the night mentioned before. I did not speak to ■her of what I had seen, aud, being tired from my ride, we were soon asleep. I said nothing to any of my neighbours for fear they might think I had imbibed a little while at the village. The second day following I met my neighbour, and lie asked— "IIow did you sleep night before last ?” I looked at him and said— “ honk here. 1 want, lo talk to you.” I told him of my feeliugs ou the night of his call and of my wild night’s ride, also of my wife and child’s restlessness on the same night. Then the story that he told me, if I had been superstitious, would have made me fear to approach the house iu broad day. “Tlie queer Uiing.” he continued, “is that those in the house can’t si'e it, hut just feci as you have described. You fetch your trails over and stay with me for a week, aud you’ll get to see it.” Ou some pretext 1o satisfy my wife we went to board at. our neighbour's. We had been there about a week, and I was occupying a room facing flic bouse on tlie knoll, which was about a quarter of a mile distant. Ouc night f was awakened liy a knock on my door. “ Come, hurry up. and you’ll get to ,seo It.” someone said. I opeued my eyes. My room was all aglow ! Tlie light streamed in at the windows ! I sprang to the window and beheld thje roof of tlie house in n slieet. of flnuio. Hurrying into my clothes, I ran out and found the family all up, aud watcll iiur it. “ Come oil !” T salil ; “ lot’s KO !” “ Xo use.” tlie old man said: lnii I had started, and the hoys followed. I ran, never taking my eyes off the house. It was a peculiar flame, re sembling mart; the hurtling of phos phorus than tiie tire from dry timber. When half-way there I saw tlie roof fall in. A shower of sparks shot up into the air. and was carried away by tlie light breeze. • As I neared tlie bouse tlie. flames grew brighter. They were now bursting from tlie window of my sleeping room, that was! Tlie fire was fierce, lmt strange to re late tlie mar made by a fire of sneii size was absent ! It was doing its das tardly work in awful silence. As I slopped to get my breath, and look about, all objects shone as bright almost as day’ ! I looked again ! Was I sane or had m.v reason forsaken luc ! All was dark ! I rubbed my eyes ! There stood the house a. silhouette against the slc.v 1 Its outline was per fect. “ Boys, let’s go back,” I said. “ All right, sir ! 'We’re with you,” and they showed their willingness by lead ing the way. When we reached homo I iold what I had seen. All of the family . I lie old gentleman and wife, his two sons, tlie farm labourer, and my wife had wit nessed the same as I -had. It. could tiave been no hallucination oil m.v part. Against my wishes my wife had our tilings moved a mined lately’ from tlie house. We look,up our abode with our neighbour, and I spent tlie remainder of the summer ouling in a study of that 'I slept in it again and again, and,' though I experienced1 the same un canny restlessness, yet when I rushed into the yard to catch a glimpse of tlie flames I invariably saw. nothing. My wild runs to the house, even though made on a fleet horse, always ended in darkness. I followed every' theory that offered oven the slightest possible chance of a solution, but all led to the sphinx. I learned that it was only during the summer months that the queer freak ,of nature, for such I believe it to be, was .to be seen. ... , At the end of myT vacation I gave up the problem as much a mystery as when I had first witnessed it. ■Ou our leaving tlie country to return to duty in Melbourne I made arrange ments to be informed of any new' de parture in the freak, but the informa tion Teeeived has added nothing to what I have already related. I have simply stated plain, unvarnish ed facts at the possible expense of hav ing my sanity questioned. I offer no explanation, for-1 have none. I am ready to bow to the man who can offer a satisfactory one.—F. W., in “Short Stories.” “That’s a funny tiling.” “ What is ?” “Mins Passey was an old maid be fore she married, and now that her husband is dead she lias become a young widow.” * * * “ Don’t you think my friend is very eloquent V” “ I haven't decided yet,” answered the girl. “It is very hard in these d%ys to make up one’s mind whether a man is eloquent or merely talkative.” He—“ I anv simple and straight to the point, anil have no liking for sen timentality'. -Therefore I come right out and ask you, Will you be my wife?” She—“I am not half as simple as you are, but I am equally straight to the point, aud therefore I »ay—Jio.” C V 