on the Bible At St. Mary's Cathedral on Stmdaj evening) December 18, the Cardinal- Archbishop delivered the second of hie discourses on the Church and the Sacred ScripfeureB. His Eminence said that on the preceding Sunday he had placed before them certain considerations relating to the church apd the living voice of authority in the interpretation of the inspired writings. Both the -written word and the living word had been faithfully guarded by Holy Church. Prom our uord Himself the Church received the divine commission to teach the Scrip'niros, and to expound their true and full meaning. Some may say, "How is it 'hat the Church allowed ^the faithful fco remain in ignorance of tike sacred -vritingj until the time of the Reformation?" It was asserted that up to the period of- tlie so-called Reformation the Bible* had been hidden away from the people. Such statements were made in opposition to facts, and with the object of stirring up prejudice. Holy Church loves, and has always loved, Hie sacred Scriptures, and had ever commended them to her children. Had she not preserved the Scriptures, as the sacred deposit of truth, for nineteen centuries? The charge was made against the church because she did not regard the written word of the Sacred Scriptures as our sole guide to truth and jtnowledge. Holy Ghureh held that there should be the living voice of authority ii? the interpretation of the inspired writings, just a8 our Lord Himself and HiB Apostles taught by the living voice. I'rorn the earliest times the Fathers and I'ontiffe of the Church had exhorted the faithful to read the Scriptures, and to seek them as a pure stream of blessing and of con. solation. St. Augustiiie advocated tliis love of the Sacred Scriptures, and St. John Chrysostom, in his advice, said: — "Let the divine Script ires be ever in . yonr hands; their lestons ever in your minds and your hearts." Perhaps no great Pontiff of those early days so strongly insisted on the reading of the Scriptures as St. Grejrory the Great. "I beseech you," ne said, "to meditate constantly on the Sacred Scriptures." So from age to age to our. own lime the successors of St. Peter had kept the knowledge of the Scriptures before the faithful. At the beginning of the present century they found the great Pontiff, Pius the Seventh, writing in terms of highest admiration and warmest approval to one of the Italian Bishops, who had translated the Scriptures into the Italian language. Pope Pius the Seventh declared that no better service could be rendered to religion than to enable the people of a country to read in their own language the Gospels and other portions of the sacred writings. Then, again 4 they had the Encvclical of the present illustrious Holy Father, Leo the Thirteenth, on the Studv of the Scriptures. There was no more beautiful tribute to the Scriptures than this Encyclical, and in it the true position of the Church as the guardian and expounder of the Scriptures were clearly set forth. The present illustrious Pontiff a few months ago crowned his labours in the cause of truth and knowledge by granting a special indulgence to each one who reads everyday some part of the sacred books. Some enemies of the church have been bold enough to state that there were no translations of the Sacred Scriptures till modern times. This .was untrue. As early as the fourth century St. Jefrnne was ordered by tha reiening Pone to present an accurate version of the Bible. This Doctor of the Church, most learned in Greek and Hebrew, produced what is known as the Latin Vulgate. At the present day the most learned and most painstaking investigators, non- Catholic as well as Catholic, recognise as authentic the text of the Latin Vuloate. which was the work of St. Jerome. The last edition of the Bible published in England had no less than four thousand corrections to bring it in conformity with the Latin Vulgate. Every discovery of ancient manuscripts served to support the accuracy of the Latin Valerate. Then, as to the .Bible not having been known till the Reformation, there was the fact that in 1450 the sacred book was printed, and there were no fewer than 100 editions within 50 years, and this at a time when tWe was no whisper of the Reformation. History tells us that one of the first usea of, the printing press was to supply copies of the Sacred Scriptures. Not only was the Bible nrinted in the Latin language, but in Germany, in the year 1483 (the year Luther was boraV several editions, beautifully illustrated, were issued in Germany. Between that time and the close of the century, no fewer than 24 editions were published. There was no'hiding away of the Bible. The reading of the 8acred Scriptures was commended by the Catholic pastore, and besides the German publications, there were. six other translations la the Low-Datch and other dialeota. There was no prohibition. The one anxiety of the Gharcli at the time was to prevent corrupt translations, which could not fail to become poisoned sources to the ignorant and the unwary. Holy Church never ceased to incite her learned BOM to illustrate the .Sacred Scriptures and to set them before the world in the most noble and most attractive form. Many of those who had assailed Holy Church in connection with the Scriptures claimed that the iJiblc is the one source from which we derive knowledge of the divine power and luV« —our sole source of light, and strcjvth, and grace and spiritual happiness. As he had said on the previous bun day, the Catholic Church, the Church of Christ, relies not upon the written wo id lout, but upon the living voice of drnnc authority which our Lord gave to His Church as a blessed heritage for all time. The " Reformers" of the sixteenth century followed in the footsteps of preceding heretics in declaring that, from the ,-rr{,itur<\ and the Scriptures alone, do we derive knowledge of divine truth. Tito Reformers, who used the Scriptures to suit ther own ends, added that the Bible should be interpreted by individual reason. In other words, those who bad cast off their allegiance to the Catholic Church held that no teaching or exposition was needed. Each individual was free to interpret as he thought fit. This theory of private judgment had led to the establishment of some 700 Protestant sects, each of which appealed to tbe Bible to justify its existence. Luther himself deplored the number of false teachers the Reformation had brought forth the number of men who distorted the Scriptures and profaned the word of God. H-- called them "the cohorts of Satan, and described their presence as a curse on the earth. Yet it was Lutlier and the Reformers in England who led on the horde of false teachers. One of the distinctive features of the source of divine truth was that it should be accessible to all. As the Gospel tells us, "the poor have the Gospel preached to them " The written word would not be accessible to all. There must be the living voice—the voice of the teacher, the voice of the preacher. In the time of our Lord, and for years afterwards, the new Gospel was taught. The sacred text was written only as necessity arose. For centuries afterwards it was not possible to have more than a few written copies of the Scriptures. But the pastors of the church never failed to impart the lessons of truth and wisdom which had beer, bequeathed to the church by our Saviour Himself. The second feature of the source of dirine truth and knowledge was that it mil be intelligible to all. With the principle of private judoment m force., this was iinpoSfiMe. Many things in the Scriptures were difficult to unde . stand. Take, for instance, the narra-, tive in the Acts of the Apostles, ,in which we are told that our Lord, before ascending to Heaven, explained to the Apostles prophecies they had not understood. St. Luke tells us how our Lord, conversing with the Apostles before His ascension, said: "These are the words . which I spoke to vou,, while I was yet with vou that all things must needs be fulfilled which are written in the law of Moses, and in the nrophets, and iu the Psalms concerning Me. Then He opened their understanding '»"iat they might understand the Scriptures." And in the second epistle of St. Peter, referring t<« the life of our Saviour, he speaks of "certain things hard to be understood, which the unlearned and unstable wrest, as they do also the other Scriptures, to their own destruction. You, therefore, brethren, knowing these things before take heed, lest being led aside by the error of the unwise, you fall from your own steadfastness." In the same epistle St. Peter tells us that "no prophecy of Scripture is made by private interpretation. For prophecy came not by the will of man at any time, but the holy men of God spoke, inspired by the Holy Ghost." Here we find it set forth that the Scriptures to be intelligible to all need the authorised interpretation of those appointed by our Lord to teach and explain the Scriptures. The authority of Holy Church had settled such tewts as the observance of the Sabbath on Sunday instead of Saturday, and Hie manner of baptism. This was the living voice of authority, for nowhere in the Sacred Scriptures was it laid down that the Sabbath day should be Sunday. "Hie spirit which inspired the Sacred Ssiiptures gives us through Holy Church the genuine interpretation. Mgr. Kelly, rector of the Irish College, Borne, in a letter to Archbishop Croke, says the Holy Father continues his astonishing display of endurance in the regular dischar^a of daily duties, and will be snared to close the coming Anno Santo at least. 