Our Dark Seance. There were half.a drz*n of us round the, fire, and bur conversation had drifted into' the realms of the supernatural. :- r- :° Tbe Major gave bis opinion of the sub-' jeet with Characteristic bluntness. ; ?'It's all humbu'.. I've been , sixty- five years on this world of ours and I haven't seen a gbOBt yet, and dou't expect to. What the deuce should a chap want coming back here to fool round in a white sheet and scare, folks, out of their minds? ThereVnb sense'' in it.' ; ? . I Ah,' said Our Fair Hos'ess, softly, but suppose' we have left some dearly-loved one behind us 1 Would we not all, in that: case, joyfully avail, ourselves of every. chance to return to earth 7 I know I shonld ;' and her eyes sougbtjtbose of Our Host with a tenderness, that the. vicissi tudes of a decade's wedded life had not been able to imyair. ' '' 'Pardon me,' said the Man of Science,; 'you have deviated from the subject un der discussion ; It wasj not whether one' would lake advantage of an opportunity to reasfociate ourselves with mundaDe in tertBts, if such existed, bui whether there is or is not any such opportunity open in the world ot spirits.' I 1 don't think that's the exact ques tion,' remarked. Our Host. ''None oi us will object to ihp opinion that departed spirits do revisjl thti e'AVth. It. is a beauti ful idea, and we cherish it. What we do object to is tbe vulgar notion that spirits can, and do, make themselves palpable to the senses. 'I know a man,' said the Cirate, solemnly, ' who had a remarkab'e expert ence once! When he was in bed one night an appari'Jon — the shadow of big mother — appeared (o him and pointed, towards, . u a cupboard, and then melted away.i; And, d'ye know, the next morning he jjfound thit a bottle of whisky 69 Jie.Df.irA, trie cup board for medicinal purposes was quite empty:' '??'?? '\ .,-??? ^ 'So I'shoul(3^tiWgiDBt' ' sald- itae Major, grftqly, wbU^we all laughed. 'And that quite'aQcbuntET fpr |be appearance pf the ghost. Wonder he''didn't see half a dozen, ftnda'driSke or two to boot.' ? Perhaps it was a dream— the result of .an .uneasy coueclencs,', suggested Our Fair Hostess. 1 Of an uneasy stomach, more like,' growled the Major. ? Give me a bit of Stilton or Gorgonzola, last thing at night, and,, by. gad I I'll guarantee .to..io.tecview more spooks before morning than;, were ever dreamt of even by Psychical Society.' 'Spooks I1 ejaculated the Lady of Un certain Years, shuddering. ' I beg. sir, that you will not speak so shockingly of our, dear brethren . departed this life. I firmly believe in. the reality of supernatural appearances;' and I1 expect ?'gtfeaf things from a series of investigations T and) some othersbave just commenced with, ai cele brated medium.' 1 AH ut^er rot,' Baid the Major, blhntly. ' I wouldn't trust one .of those' barefaced ch.arlatans wijh a quill tooth pick— unless Iwadt^d t'o;loseit.' ! ?.Charlatans 1' repeated the young man from Tslext Door. ? TUat is to strong an expression to apply, Major. I happen to be a bit of- a.mediymv my.Self, .don'p you know/and I am not going to hear my brethren run down.' 'You a medium I' said' Our Fair , Hos- tess, laughing. 'You foolish ,'bpy. I. is if ' '—' ; . T.hen she. .paugh V.a .glance pregnant with, insignificance, from- the- Young ^Man from noxt door, and became silent), and smiling; ? ? ~But;most:oL-u9 had not- intercepted or understood this glance, and we turned to wards to sol disant medium with awakened interest and cariosi(y-'. : ' . ' I'll give twenty guineas for every ghoat you'll call up,' said the the Major, disdain- j '?;.'. .? .To be; coatinued. 