SHORT STORY. Tito Old Lc-iers. Jane Archibald sat acd looked at her self in the glass, as she had been looking r;for an idle half-hour. It was not often that she had time to study her own re- ;; dection, but since old Michael, her father, had died last week the wheels of the clock seemed to have stopped. After a little while Jane and Mary would resume their old industrious ways. Just now it seemed as if the dead old mail yet lay in his room up-stairs, and if there would be an in decency in doing any work beyond that involved in supplying the immediate wants of the living. Jane sighed aloud as she contemplated the fair faded face in the greenish- coloured glass, and her sigli floated out on the ghostly air of the old house. It seemed to her for a moment as if someone else — the ghost of her youth, perhaps — had sighed in answer in the room, and she shivered a little and looked nervously over her shoul der. But the woman in the glass drew her back, and she leant again to look into the short-sighted eyes. ' Forty-five years of ' age, two months, and five days,' she said to her. ' Why, you are an old woman !' . ) The face in the glass looked back at her, ; shocked and almost startled, i She cccnld see. that face rosy and white '.as she remembered it, and hung about with golden ringlets in the modest shade ; j£ a whifcottage bonnet. That "Was hoF she had Rooked on Kitty's wedding day,, and as sJliadr gorie down-stairs she had- inet Willi# Mattoincoming up; anddie had kissed her, whispering ta her that she would bqth© next -bride, and a fairer and sweeter '-'"even 'than '"that 'morning's, sun shone upohi' ' --;" - - Years and years ago, and Jane shud dered to,' think -.of , the: 'difference, bstween! those two faces., . -She felt just as young as the girl of those days, though she had learnt an indefinite patience. ' She was as ready to- tremble 'and drop'- her eyelids- and blush whep:-W.illie Maturin entered, the room as in the first rapturous days long ago,, and they were now an old un married' Darby and Joan, the laugh of the ? less compassionate country-side. She covered her eyes with lior hands, and her heart ached in the darkness to think it had kept so young while her pretty face had grown old. It was still a sweet and comely" face, though its owner only saw- in it the rav ages of time. The rose and white had been overspread by an autumnal yellow, the ro3y lips were pale, and the golden ringlets . were . streaked with silver. Still she was good to look upon, -and a comfort ing thought came to her thore-hehind those hidden eyes that Willie, found no lack in her. She was quite, sure .that her face was still to him the beautiful, girlish face of a quarter of a c.entury ago. Alas! that was the pity of it. They were old lovers like an old husband and -wife, and yet they were unmarried. Perhaps now, surely now, ran the woman's agitated thoughts, they were go ing to' be fully happy. It was she who Aad said, twenty-five years ago, that, so long as Willie was true to her, she did not need marriage, to make her happy. It was she who to-day panted . with a thirst long unslacked to bear his name and wear bis ling. p The joys that came to other men snd wamen who married in right season were not for them, but there yet remained the supreme happiness of belonging to each ether before all the world, as they had be longed to each other in heart since their ayes had first met. " With her father's death the obstacle to their parriage had been, removed. When poor Butty's marriage with George -laturin, Willie'sjelder brother, -had turned, out so miserably, and the wife of a year lay dead, with the moral guilt of her death at her husband's door, old Michael, had sworn an oath. that so-long as he lived no other child of his should marry a Maturin.. He had lived, perhaps, to repent it. ' -Jane had often thought that she detected a look in her father's sunken eyes as he watched her and Willie playing their game of cribbage of an evening — a look curiously made up of pity and Bhame and remorse. D.uring .ihose latter years in which he was paralysed, and his great bulk was tethered helplessly in the chim ney corner, Willie had been more than a .. son to him, and it might be well that he should feel remorse for the two live3 hia passion had so greatly injured. Jane could remember the time, when Willie had not endured her father's hand upon their lives "so easily as-of late years. At first he : had stormed and raved, and .pleaded, and even wept. Poor Willie ! she remembered how after, a. long straggle with her to make . her . break her duty to . her father and become his wife, .he had at last fiuhg himself on the ground as though exhausted," add' had laid his face' in her iap. Then when , she caressed his dark head -he had .begun . to sob with ?- great hearings of- his .young .shoulders. 'Poor? Willie I it would have been better.for hiin if he had been "less faithful to her. ' He .might have fiad a wife and children of his own in -those -years when they had been growing into, an old bachelor and an -.old maid. Willie was tenderly fond of chil-. dren. .It came to her now with a great pang that he must always be without children of his own. It was all well that old Michael's stern rule had given hiB dangeters scant leisure ror thought. She began to wonder with heavy ' heart-beats of trouble whether her blind obedience bad not been wrong, after all. If. she bad a 'right to bear the burden her father had laid upon her, ought she to have imposed it upon her lover also? Perhaps, perhaps, Bhe thought with a new pang, perhaps even her father would have, in his secret heart, been glad if she had disobeyed him. She uncovered;, her eyes with am effort. Her thoughts were getting too heavy for her to bear. And it was nearly Willie'b time. "Sear in, year out, summer and winter, . he had come at the same hour every evening. Every evening they played their game of cribbage. and then Willie had sat with them to their supper, and left as the clock struck ten. She had always gone into the porch with him to say good-night, and had grown used to his sober, husband-like kiss. They had out lived — at least he had — the ardours of ; youth. She Usually made a little toilet for him of evenings, adding to her dress a gay bit of ribbon or a flower. This evening, gaiety would not be becoming; she must hunt up something sombre in hue that would yet add to her dress the touch of decoration she hated to be without when Willie was comiug. As she turned over odds and ends in a drawer she suddenly became thoughtful. For quite five minutes she stood with hei . finger to her lip, visibly agitated. Then she opened a lower drawer of her wardrobe and took out a grey silk dress. She shook out the folds, and let it lie across her bed.. In the half-light it shimmered like silver. She took up a fold and fingered it with admiration. If she wore it, she thought, Willie would remember the days before he was so content with thrir engagement. fGrey is half-mourning,' she said aloud, 1 and then no one will see me but Mary and Willie. They won't think I mean any disrespect to father's memory.' Quaking a little at her temerity, she put on the dress. It showed prettily a neck still white and round and a pair of soft wrists. She had ,kept her young figureand the old-fashioned dress, gave it ' a becoming atateliness. As she looked at herself in the glass again she -looked ten years younger than she did in the black dress. A little colour came into her cheeks and a light of hope in her eyes. She was more like the girl Willie had loved long ago. Surely he would remember it. She went down- stairs quickly to get over any possible explanations with. Mary he- fore he should arrive. The tea was set out - on the table — a high tea with accompaniments of all kinds of cakes and preserves, for the Archibalds were model housekeepers. Mary sat by the fire knitting grey woollen s'tockings. She was years older than Jane, and had an honest, weather-beaten face. She had- never had a lover, and was incurious about the ways of lovers. She looked up startled as Jane's silk rustled into the room. An exclamation was on her lips, but Jane anticipated it. f Grey is a mourning colour, you know, Molly,' she said, ' and black is ugly to me. I looked an old woman as I saw myself in the glass, and I thought I might put on the grey just for once. It is years since I have worn it.' ' Yes, yes, child,' said the other, answer ing hastily the appeal in her sister's voice. ' Why shouldn't you wear "it? It looks pretty, too, and you are very pretty in it. I When you are as old as- I am, you may talk of looking an old woman.' Jane stooped, and kissed her- gratefully. 'It's none too old-fashioned, Molly, 'is; it?' J _ ' Hot a bit. Those gathers are coming:; in again. The skirt is a little narrow at the back, but. if-you'-il 'let-uie- fit' you to-: : morrqwj I can set;that:;straight.?' . 1 ' - \- A mombnt. letter Willie's-- knock was . heard. Jane hajd. always been the one- to'. ; open the door:for him, but now, in her. new .splendour, she was :: seized ' with a sudden - shynees, She stooped and' lifted -a -kitten- from the hearthrug and laid- it in her lap!' Mary was going-.out to the kitchen to- make the tea. . . ' Would; you mind opening the door for ' Willie ?' she said, with an assumed air of ease. 'To be sure; hut what's come to you? Oh, I see. You're too fine in your silk dress.' ; She noticed the sudden flush that had come into her sister's cheeks ; but; with instinctive sympathy, forebore to make further comment. ' The ways of lovers are beyond me,' she said to herself as she went to open the hall-door. Willie Maturin came in shaking him self. It had begun to snow. He'was a . big . dark man, with gentle "brown eyes; : his hair was streaked with grey, and there were a good many crow's-feet about his eyes ; he looked kind and slow, ? and he spoke with a soft drawl. 'Where's Janie?' he asked as he saw Mary. ' Janie's not ill ?' " A momentary alarm had somewhat quickened his speech. . ' Janie's all right, she's in the parlour,' said Mary, shutting the door behind him. ' But hadn't you better hang your coat in the kitchen to dry ?' He followed her into the spotlessly neat kitchen, and hung up his coat as she directed him. Theu with a caress in passing to the old collie on the hearth, he went up to the parlour. When he opened the door, he uttered an exclamation. Jane Archibald had stood up nervously, and was waiting for him, her head dropped a little in the lamplight. The vision stirred' some old chord or memory in his heart. ' Why, Janie ?' he said, putting his arm ' round her. ' This is like long ago,'- 'Yes,' said Jane Archibald, faintly. Her sister and her lover were the only two people who ever called her Janie now. They stood so on - the hearthrug for a few moments. How and again Willie would draw her closer to him and kiss her with a tender air of ownership. ' You are as pretty as ever, Janie, as pretty as ever,' he said with satisfaction. Jane trembled a little, but -did: not Bpeak. ' Why, you . are . shivering !' he said anxiously. 'Are yon sure that this is warm enough?' He passed his hand across the shoulders and down the sleeves of the gown. ' It is too thin;'- he said, ' much too thin. You were foolish to put it on, Janie; it was made -.for summer ; weather. You must go up-stairs and put oh your warm black dress at once.' ' Oh, no ! let me wear it- this evening, Willie- It is so pretty,' said pooD.Jane. But Mary, coming .:in at that moment, agreed with Willie that the dress was too thin for winter wear. ' Besides,' she said, ' it has lain so long in that chest of drawers ; it must be damp. Run. at once and take it off, I will. keep the tea-cakes hot till you come down stairs.' Jane "went without a word and took off her pretty grey ' silk. She put on instead! the. heavy ? black, high to the meek, and flannel-lined for " warmth. " She was an "elderly woman once more as she looked in the glass. - "She folded _ her grey, silk and put it back, in its silvery -paper with mus- ilin backs of lavender between the folds. ' Ah !' she said, as she laid it away,. ' it is too.true. Yon were made for summer Weather, and for a young-, woman who is dead. I shall not wear you any more.' She came down-stairs with the lightness gone from her footsteps, and her face waB dull from disappointment as she came into the parlour and took her place at the tea- table. Her lover looked at her with eyes full of kind pleasure in her. The ardour , which had been in them when she wore the grey silk had quite disappeared. Mary looked at. ber uncomfortably. ' Yon did look pretty in the grey,' she ? said, ' and it made the room more cheerful to have you wear it ; but it is too cold for the winter. Willie is right. Perhaps Anne Magennis, if she hasn't much work on hand, might put a flannel lining init.'- ' I shan't wear it again,' said Jane dis consolately. 'Don't bother about lining it.' ' It'll do nicely for Bummer as it is,' said- Mary. . . . ' I'm sure you look as nice as possible in the black,' said Willie, with one of. his faithful and fond glances. Jane Archibald did not meet his eyes. She sipped her tea and crumbled a bit of tea-cake between her fingers. After tea there was the usual game of cribbage. Jane played carelessly, without interest in the game. It was easy to see that something had gone wrong, with her. Willie watched her with affectionate solicitude, but forbore to question her till Mary was out of the room. ' You are not well, Janie ?' he said then, with anxiety, ' Quite well, thank you, Willie.' .'Yau'renot yourself then. I hope you haven't taken cold through that foolish freak of putting on a thin summer frock. : You shouldn't have done it, Janie,' ' No, Willie.' ' I'd have expected more sense from you, Janie,' he said, following up his oppor tunity. 'It's all very fine for a slip of a girl to do such things.' Hot smarting tears came into Jane Archibald's eye. Willie was not often gauche, hut this time he had managed to cut her to the quick. She averted her head and said nothing. 'You mustn't come to the door with me to-night,' he said; 'it's piercing cold. I will tell Mary -to give you a hot drink be fore you sleep. Come, give me a kiss.' She raised her lips obediently to him, and he kissed her as he had ' kissed her every night for a score of years back, with calm affection and tenderness. He had forgotten the momentary thrill of joy and love which had darted through his veins as he had kissed her that evening. After he had gone she sat dispiritedly by the fire while Mary locked up and put things away for the night. When shehad finished she came and sat down. ' You're tired out to-night, Janie,' she said;. ' ' You! ve been through a" lot. You -must get a good rest to-night, and to morrow we'll set about taking down the curtains and taking up the curtain in poor father's room. The house is all at sixes and sevens. We must begin to set it right sometime, and we may as well begin at once.' ' I wish I could go away, Molly,' said Jane suddenly. . ' Go away !' Why, where would yon go .to? . You've never slept a night out of this house since poor Kitty died.' ' ' That is why. I want to go, I suppose. It's ungrateful. of me, but I'm dead sick of the same place all these years. It is hard that we should have grown old, you and I, and: never , have had a "chance to go out into? the. world, and taste what freedom is" like, .... Qther . girls go -away on visits to1 friends, or to the seaside, or to. towns,, where they see all sorts of gaieties. Why weren't we like them '?' ' Father wouldnever have, permitted it. ' He hated gad-abonts. But what's the matter, Janie ? You> have always seemed so contented. " I .believe that? grey silk. lias put all sorts of fly-away thoughts into" your head.' ' ' I was foolishfto ppt it .on.' You have had,. a i dull kind 2of-iite, "how ':I. corn's to think- obit/ 8aid?Maty p-Ahiufc so? had I- when I was young. . -And; then I i always thought you were satisfied because . you! had Willie.' ' : ... ; 'Oh, Willie, I, always had "'Willie,' re peated? J ane 'After her>- with -an Impatient . laugh whichmade the elder :w.omanrstare; ; ' ' donft know why ; you laugh, Janie,'. she:said in a -Hurt-Voice.. 'I'm sure Willie has never seemed to want anyone Hut you all these years. -What more could you- want?' . " . .2 'Nothing, Molly, nothing. To-night I don't know' what has come over me. I am tired of everything — even of Willie, and tired to death thinking of all the years that wUl'be just like the years gone over.' ' You and Willie don't think of marrying now that poor father is gone.' ' We are too old.' ' You are not too old. But,' with an air of relief, ' men get terribly set in tbeir ways. Willie seems . quite . comfortable . with old Katty Neville to do for bim. . I don't know hut that it's . wisest for things: to stay, so.' I don't know but it is.' ' And what should I do, if you were to marry, Janie ? I couldn't sit down by a1 strange hearth — even, if it wouldn't break my heart to leave the old place. And it would be terribly lonely for me here alone.' .... - ... 'It would so,' assented Jane. ' Willie's more like a brother than' any thing else all these years. He'll come and ' go just the same, and look after the' farm,, for us. I'm "not saying but that if it were, for your happiness, Janie, I could, make, up my mind to live on here alone. You and' Willie seem contented with things as they are ?' ' : She looked with a wistful inquiry at her sister- 'Oh, yes, we are contented,' Jan6_ Archibald answered, without meeting her eyes. The- next day she seemed to have quite forgotten the strange -words of the evening1 before. Mary" put it . down . to her having. . been over-tired and over-wronglit, .and sajld no'morS about ind Jne/went about her hpusehbldEutieVms' usual, and played " cribbage' with' Willie, 'in the evenings. . If some spark of hope Which, had endured all these years had gone1 out, and left her duller and more lethargic, no one was sharp enough to deteet.it. (To he concluded next week.) 