STAGE, SONG, AND SHOW. The Christmas Amusements. . The Palace Theatre will be reopened this evening with "A Messafe From 'Mars," the play, selected to Introduce the Hawtrey Comedy Comany to an Australian (audience. In addition to tho English members of the company, MIbs Roxy Barton and other local artists will be In the cast. A matinee will be given on Wednesday at 2 o'clock. The box plan Is at Paling's. Mrs. Lilian Parslaw- Wallaee, whose vlolln-playling elicited much prase at the Ledertafel concert, will play be tween acts 2 and 3. .Her Majesty's Theatre has been entirely re decorated for the Christmas production. Newly carpeted, and with a new curtain, the hand-' some theate will took Its best on the opening might of "Australia; or, the City of Zero." Neither money nor trouble has been spared to make the production a success. A feature will he a .whirlpool, which will be a most strikingly original effect. Mr. 'Willamson has given us an earthquake and. a flood, hut a whirlpool Is still more novel. The views In clude tho Jenolan Caves, Sydmey In the fu ture, with Circular Quay and the North Shore Bridge; the Antarctic Icellelds, and ithe City of Zero at the South Pole. The cast of cha racters of the year 2000 Includes Miss Mluud Beatty as Valentine, a troubadour; Mr. W. S. Percy as "tho Boss;" Miss Beatrice Lefinox as Sparkler, a messenger boy; Miss May Beatty as Cherry (Valentine's sister); Little Gulliver 'as Little Tom Truck; Miss Lily Woodlock qs Dlkkon, captain of the Push Brigade; Mr. Fred Sinclair as the oldest inhabitant; Mr. William AVoIft us the Wizard of the Pole; Miss Ruby Bowrlng at Dlone, Queen of Zero. In the specialty scenes will appear Miss Irene Franklin, .who will sing some of her popular ditties. Professor Godfrey's trained animals, the little M'Leans, Faust, and Walhalla, and other specialty artists have been' engaged. The opening Is on Boxing Night at 7.45, and mati nee performancs will be given daily at 2 o'clock. The pantomime of "Puss In Boots," which Is to be staged at the Tivoll Theatre to-day. at the matinee, and every evening at 7.45, Is by Victor Stevens, of London, the local topical allusions being by J. A. Philp, and Pat. Finn. The sceuery has been painted by the Messrs. Clint, nnd the ballets, marcheB, music, and other effects have been In competent hands. Mr. Rlckards himself personally supervises the production. The cast Includes Misses Bll- lle Barlow, Nonl Rlckards, Jessie Williams, Florrle Ranger, Dora Taylor, Daisy Coffin, Winston Weir, Edie Haytor, Fannie Powers, Frank and Arthur Haytor, Harry Shine, Al bert Whelan, H. AV. Diver, Carleton, Sutton, Brlnkman, and D. Caston. The grand tableau represents the Commonwealth. Day perfor mances (children half-price) will be given on AVednesday and Saturday. Mr. Alfred Dumpier and Miss Lily Dampler, supported by the members of the popular com pany,' will this evening appear In Dumas's great drama "Monte Crlsto," Miss Mario Bruce, Miss Blanche Clements, Mr. Georgo Buffer, and others, have beep added to the cast, and the many stirring scenes are care fully depicted. Mr. j. C. Williamson having commissioned a couple of gentlemen to secure the best Ita lian opera company to be had In Europe, Aus tralian playgoers and lovers of good music will rejoice to learn there Is every prospect of suc cess, so far as can be seen at this stage. The mission will extend to four months, by which itlme those entrusted with It will be back In Australia. "The New Barmaid," at tho Lyceum Thea tre, Is to be staged to-night on a handsome scale, with all. the spice of new songs, elabo rate Scenery, bright dancing, &c.; Mr. John F. Sheridan and Mls3 Grade Whlteford will he the principals In this gorgeous production, which bids fair to prove one of the chief attractions of .the feslve season. "Lohengrin" wilt be repeated by the Mus- grove Opera Company at the Theatre Royal this evening. The same bill will bo given on Monday, and on Tuesday /Rossini's "Stabat Mater" will (be rendered with a sacred con cert. Fitzgerald Bros.' Continental Circus and Menagerie wilt open at the old stand this evening. A number of remarkable novelties will be Introduced, and a long list of favou rite artists should draw a record attendance. Among the novelties to he introduced during .the season' Is the beautiful Wljlto Lady from Berlin, and al ballet, In which 100 ladles will take part. Afternoon performances will be- glven every Wednesday and Saturday. At the Royal Standard Theatre popular dra ma Is- being provided for the multitude. The drama as It used to be known in Drury Lone Is played, . and It looks as if the company Is filling a long- felt want. "Life for Life," which is being played, will bo succeeded by "Cast Adrlflt" cn Boxing Night. The Cyclorama Is dally growing In- "popu larity, and tne Influx of visitors serves to keep up a largo . attendance dally, The side shows are not. the least attractive. Special nttraotloDs have been provifitdfir Christmas, These Include extraordinary transformations, the Duyllght Ghost, the Mysterious Cauldron, Lady Blown to Atoms, the Topsy-Turvy Chamber, and the Clnematograrih. The Cy clorama of Jerusalem, with all thesA side-1 shows, Is open daily, Sundays excepted, from 10 a.m. to 6.30 p.m., and 7 p.m. to 10 p.m.. Tho Alhambra Music Hall will ho opened to-day at 2.30 by the American Clnoograph and Stcreoptioon Company, which will Hhow the. Corbott-Jeffrles and other famouB fights. The usual evening exhibitions will he given at 8 o'clock. >' "The Messiah" will bo performed in the Town Hall on Christmas night by tho Phil harmonic Society. Mr. Sydney Moss will direct the chorus and orchestra. Popular prices rule, and seats may bo reserved at Paling's. The concert by tho Sydney Amateur Or chestral Society, under Government auspices, will be given In the Town Hall on Friday, January 4. Mr. Sydney Moss will conduct, and the soloists will be M. Henri Staell, Miss Murlc Narelle, and Mr, Edgat Fulton. Tho Commonwealth Baby Show opened In the Protestant Hall at 10 o'clock this morn ing. A number of prizes will be given. 