THE MERT OF THE DARK HORSE PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. ' ESy " lE&XT;'.A.," Author of "Peg the Rake," "Kitty the Rag," "Two Bad Blue EyeB," "A Woman In It," "Darby and Joan." "The Grinding Mills of God," "A Daughter of the People," "A Husband of No Importance," &c.;, &C.; < ' COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XXX.— (Continued,) The' quietness of her way of living, and the superior class of -men allowed in her rooms, astonished- the more lively of - iter actress friends. They could not understand It 1 But even the. most reckless of these bejewelled and be-phi tographed celebrities felt themselves In another sphere when they entered the llttl" llat in Chelsea and took their afternoon tea from the hands of the beautiful woman whose sad eyes 'held a history they vainly tried to fathom.' Site never cliecked their impulses of gaiety, never; save by a look of surprise, stopped a risky story or a naughty Jest. But neither did she encourage them. Some of the more" daring spirits 'declared" those teas too "t.iney". alto gether 'for their taste, and dropped uul of at tendance; but a great many others pronounced them charming and good style, and recognised that they met with an altogether different rt- ceptipn'rrom Dolores Dering, to what they did at Marian, Storm's, or Magdalene Ord's. or . ., Phyllis St.- Claire's, also lending'- lights in the theatrical world. j . The general idea was that Dolores ' was a bit "near." It was known Blie had a good salary, ' 'yet she lived very simply, . with un elderly ' housekeeper as sole attendant... She noVer wore a jewel, her dresses were of tlie plainest, and slie usually walked to'; the 'thea tre in Une weather, o.r took-u 'bus In bad. All this was quite at variance with stage tradi tions,- and. they could not understand ite /What was she saving for? Why didn't 'she ' spore Bond-street dresses-, and give';;, champagne suppers, and generally enjoy herself in ap proved "Clgale" fashion? They could not understand It, but not even the boldest spirit among them dared put the question.. One thing.,' was evident. Their respective admirers were sul'e. For men, 'rich or poor, titled i or shoddy, Dolores cared not a whit. No callow lordling nor Stock- Exchange autocrat laid their fortunes at her feet, or their banking accounts at her disposal. She was proudly coldly Indifferent to all classes of meu. The boldest could not boast of a favour nor the richest of encouragement. It was marvellous, but it was true, and after these years of public life no scandal had mode her name public property. v Every penny she could spare Dolores sent to . Mr. Malpas, and by him It was used for little David's benefit; He professed to be the child's guardian bb Miss Penharva lind decreed, but allowed him to remain with Mrs. Sylvester for, the pre sent. paying-Tor his board, clothing, and later . on for his education, which was conducted u> a governess who came daily from Penzance to initiate his juvenile mind In the mysteries . 0tThe boy had an Ideal child's life. Dolores had declared be should, and she could have chosen no one moie capable of carrying out her wishes than was Marian Syl vestev. . He was out in the open air in all weathers. The fishermen taught him to row am-a sail a boat. His mother had sent him a small, sure footed pony, through his guardian s medlum- shiPAand his bright face and golden curls. were a well-known sight between Land s End and PHevas on friendly terms with everyone in the district, hut it was only when Dolores came to stay that he had unlimited holiday. The two were sworn friends now. They would spend the whole day out of doors, sailing from bay to bay, or riding or driving to the many picturesque districts around the coast. , When he was seven years old she took him to the Scllly Isles for a few weeks. She had liever been there since that, brief stay, cut short by the tragedy of Miss Penharva s death. It may have been that reason that brought the memory of the murder so keenly to her mind that she one day questioned the boy oh the matter. , - ' They were on the water,- as usual, sailing on a ruffled sea of crystal blue towurds the Western isles. The boy had been demonstra ting to the admiring boatman that he know perfectly how to set a sail and now had re turned to his mother's side hot and ruddy, and important, and thrown himself down with Ills head leaning against her knee. "Davy," she said, "do you remember when you were a little boy and lived in a house that was always dark, with a white-haired lady, who wns very fond of you?" He drew Ills brows together in a puzzled frown. , , , . "Was It Mls'ry, you mean?" asked, ah- ruptiy. "Yes." she said, eagerly. "That was what you called her." . ' "Of courEP, I remember her," he said, ' "Why, she eomes to see me night times often." "What!" exclaimed Dolores, breathlessly. "Yes," he went on, grtfvely. "I never tell iio one, but she sits on my bed ahd looks nt me exnetly Just as she used to do. I know her quite well. Only she won't speak, not ever she won't speak. But she looks so sad. as If she had something to tell me and couldn't. Just before I. go to sleep Elie comes; same as always she' did in the Dark House, you know." Dolores' heart beat fast. . She knew the stories told of Penharva. She knew, too, the popular belief that Miss Ursula "walked," : and would so walk until .her murder was ' avenged. The. child spoke so frankly and simply she had.no need to doubt his own be lief In what he said, neither did she; but licr faith In ghosts and spirits was far re moved from the strength of Cornlsli super stitions, and his simple declaration filled her with wonder. "Every night does she come, Davy i she "Oh, no! not every night. Sometimes it's a long time I don't see her; then she will be there, two or three nlghtB. Dolly, where Is she? Do they shut her up In that dark house all alone? She is so white, just as If she never saw the sun, or the Bea, or walked In the garden as I made her. And I'm not ever allowed to go to Penharva. The gates are all barred and rusty, and it looks so dark. I peep through the bars sometimes, hut no one's there, and old Ruth she says Mls'ry lias gone away. 'But If she's gone away, why does she come and see me, Dolly?" He always called his mother by the name lier aunt and Marian Sylvester used, and Bhe loved to hear It. ' At that strange question she felt her cheek pale, and a chill Of terror stilled her throb- Ding pulses. , "Are you — sure?" she asked hoarsely. "Of course, I'm sure. 1 know she comes." "Then, usk lier— ask her if she has any thing to sny— she may be In trouble In sor row— and If she would tell you." Her voice broke. What was she talking about? How could the dead speak? What could this vision, this voiceless form be hut a phantasm of the brain, a dream-picture impressed on the child's memory? Vet for all her scepticism UiIb simple be lief claimed her attention. She gazed into the hoy's deep eyes and remembered that what was. hidden from the wise was some times revealed to babes. "Davy, deai'," she said again, ' when did she come to you last?" "Last night," he answered. Dolores started. ".What— here? — In; your room here? Where was I?" "I think you were asleep," he answered. Grammar was not Davy's strong point. "It was all .dark, and 1 woke, and tnere she was sitting; und she seemed light somehow, and X could see- her quite plain. But I was so sleepy 1 only said, .'Good-night, Mis ry,' and went to sleep again/' Dolores clasped her hands together tightly. 1 Her agitation increased. "Davy,' If She should come again will you ( ask- her something? ..Will you ask her this? nave you anything to tell me?' " He raised his head, and 'locked surprised. "Oh, yes, but 1 don't s'pose she-will, slie never does. But I'll tell you what, I'll. call you In, and you talk to lier." "Oli. no. It might— I mean she wouldn't like it. It is you she 'want, I'm sure. She t\'ag so fond 'of you. ; dear." Half-muslngly the .words escaped, hut the child's quick Intelligence gave them meaning. "She is torid' of me." he said. "But she's not my right own mother, is she?" "No," said Dolores, huskily. "No, Davy. She only took you when you were a little friendless baby, and gave you home and shel ter- and love, because— because your own mo ther couldn't." "That's what Aunty SUveBter says, and Aunty Sarah." He called them aunts promis cuously. "Then I had an own mother, Dolly, somewhere, like other children ?" "Yes— la nd she loved you very, very dearly. But she had to give you up to Miss Penharva because shS was very poor and friendless, and could not have you with her." 'Did you know her?" asked the boy, with the startling abruptness that murks a child's aptitude for jumping at conclusions. "Yes," said Dolorea. He sat bolt upright now, and looked Into her Pace. "Then wnere Is she now?" he asked. "Can't she never come back and take care of me, and let me help her, and work for her same as other boys work? I could fish and " She stopped him with a touch on his eager lips. "Dear child, you are happy, cared for, why should you want her?" 1-Ie considered a moment. "It Beams right to have one's own mother," ho said. "But I daresay she'll come back some day. Look here" — With a new eagerness — "suppose I ask Mls'ry next time 1 see ner where my mother is?" ' "No,"' said Dolores, with sudden passion, and there was fear In her eyes and in her voice. "No, Davy, not that. Ask her only It we shall go to the Dark House, you and I. PerhapB we shall find something, some clue —the secret of what she wants to say, Davy —the secret of her death." ' She paused abrhpty. The child's face look ed white and strange. "But she's not 'dead," he said, in a queer little puzzled way. ' "Not like old Peter was when they put him in the wooden box. Ruth says she's at- Penharva still. She's seen -her walk. Dead folks don't walk, Dolly, do they ?" She shook her head. "No, child, perhaps she's not dead, only shut up there in those grim, dark rooms. We'll go und see. dear, you and 1. It Is -not kind to have left lier In that dark loneliness so long." "You're, crying, Dolly!" exclaimed the child. "Your eyes are all wet." Rut's onljvthe' spray," she said! and smiled. 'But when he gave haelc his attention to the sail and the dancing waves . She turned her head' aside.' and wiped away those sudden tears from eyes grown anxious and troubled within .these brief last moments. " r CHAPTER XXXI. ' The child's words haunted Dolores with strange persistence. There could he no doubt about his own belief In this fancy of Miss Penharva's visits, - Yet how could his mo ther credit the truth? Had she not Been the dead woman laid in her cofiln, the marks of that murderous hand upon her throat, the horror of an unexpected and tragic doom In her stirring eyes? And now to hear from those childish lips that this same person wus to him a living reality, that he was familiar with it, spoke to It, looked for Its visits as na turally as for those of any other personality about him, affected her with a strange dread. She, had only the strength of mind of scep ticism. Before a child's faith it wandered and lost balance, and became a question (not a conviction; He had no fear, why should :slie have any? Wore thore not histories In numerable in all countries and In all tongues of apparitions Been and spokeii to, of unquiet spirits bound to walk their way of earthly pilgrimage until peace was given them, and vengeunee' lind meted out to their wrong doer .his just deserts?.- She, thought and thought, and the shadowy spaces of twilight grew peopled with Imaginary shapes, and the Impetuous resolve to go to Penharva became a fixed and resolute purpose. Something Imposed it on her. ' She could not tell what, but she felt It growing stronger with every day. (to be uoktixdbd.) 