SHORT f-TQ UY. I I wo Old Levers. . . (Continued from last week.) They lived so quietly that she escaped to a great extent the curious questions of the gossips. The one or two who contrived to aak her if her marriage would not now take^ place she answered with a gentle dignity and reserve that disarmed them. These concluded that, with unnecessary ««« was noc TODeais cussed till old Michael had lain tho orthodox twelve months in his grave. 'A year more or loss can't matter to them, said Mrs Piper, the doctor's wife, and people with smiles or with pitv, ac cording to their natures, accepted this view. of. the matter. ' The month's went by monotonously, and things remained in just tho same way. Willie had never spoken of marriage, and was never likely to now. And Jane aged rapidly. She grew very thin as time went J1 , quit€\Jost the soft roundness which had hel)p»W to keep her figure young. Many peoplo had remarked on how thin she was growing before tho fact was borne thP.BQ who 8aw her every day. When Willie discovered it at last, she made light of it. ?l am growing old, Willio,' she said; 'I shall be an old bag of boneB presently. We ^ all made thin old women in our family. You remember Aunt Maggie,, Molly P I shall be juBt liko her. But the thin ones are the strongest, after all/ She used to make a jest of her leanness after that, drawing attention to the bird's claw 8 her fingers were becoming and to her thin wrists, with a nervous laughter which for a time deceived herself. She fought hard against her bodily weakness, and would lot none of her duties fall on har Biafcnr. hnwavaK ? : ? mou mo uvemug might find her. At last Willie Maturin's slow eyes were opened. He had come in one evening, to find her asleep in her chair. Something in the worn face and quiet attitude torrified him. For a moment he stooped to listen for her breathing. Then, without waking lior, he wont out to Mary in tho Kitchen. His whole aspect had changed. An immense fear had filled him with an energy strange to his nature. He had closed the parlour door very gently, but ho burst in on Mary wild and excited. ' What has come over Janie ?' he cried. 1 She is asleep in her chair and looks like a dead woman/ 'Oh, Willio, don't speak of such a thing. It is only that eho ha9 been run down lately. She will pick up when the spring comes/ ' Dreadful, dreadful V he cried, walking up and down. ' It looks to me, Mary, as if 'we had gone near losing her. Oh, how blind and dull I have been !' ' We will send for Dr. Piper/ * Piper is no good. I will drive over myself in the morning and fetch Dr. Had don from Normanstowe. She must have the best advice money can procure/ * We mustn't frighten her, Willie/ The man stood still and stared at her. Big drops of sweat wero on his forehead, and his disordered hair Btood up. 'You look like a ghost, Willie. You mustn't look liko that when she sees you, or she will suspect something amiss.' 'I shall not frighten her, I promise you. How long is it since she began to grow .ill? I ought to know — but, pray God for give me ! ? 1 never saw it fully till to night.' * She was strong enough up to the time . of poor father's death, and for a while afterwards. X remember now one night she talked strangely — caid she was tired of life, and wanted to got away somewhere. Soon after that I noticed sho didn't seein bo brisk/ #I thought she was always happy. God forgive me for not taking better care of her I' Wnen Jane Archibald woke up it was to find Willie beside her, watching her. She did not notice tho disturbance in his glance. . She had ceased to look for any thing more than the placid affection which had been theirs so many years. He insisted on fetching her tea to her, and performing many affectionate offices for her, all of which she accepted with languid content; After tea, when Mary had left them to gether, he broke to hor his project of get ting Dr. Haddon to her. She dad not seem at ail alarmed. 'Iam not very well,' she said, ' and if it pleases you to have a doctor, I shall not mind. Not that I think he will do me any good. It is only that I am getting old and lazy. But why an expensive doctor like Dr. Haddon ? Dr. Piper would do quite ?well.' ? Piper is a fool, and you are too precious to be in his hands. Every hair of your hfiftd ia nrflninnfl fcn 111 n* I How many years had gone by since he had spoken such words ! As they fell on her ears Jane Archibald blushed like any girl, and for an instant she looked well and happy. * ¥ou are too good to me, Willie/ she „ said, putting her thin hand into his. That evening his tenderness was a de light to her. She waa ready to bless the illness which had reawaked it, and she looked quite bright to receive Dr. Haddon next morning. The distinguished specialist seemed interested in his new patient. After the professional part of his visit had been paid, he talked with her for quite a long lime, considering how valuable a com modity time was to him. All through he watched her keenly from under his bushy eyebrows out of tho brighest eyes. He asited her many questions about her way of life. ' And Mr. Maturin/ he said at last, 'the gentleman who came for me P He is a near relative, I suppose ?' Jane Archibald uiushed. * I am engaged to him/ she answered, j 4 Oh, indeed 1 You ? aro to be married soon 'I do not know j thore is nothing settled/ she faltered, and then Bhe looked down at her lingers, that trembled in her lap. ^ Theifc^ctor said no more, and Boon after wards took his leave. * There is nothing organically wrong with ner/ he Baid to Willie Maturin and Mary,* who were anxiously awaiting his verdict, ' but there is extreme weakness. She' presents the symptoms of a person who has been slowly starved ; sho wants an immense deal of building up and strengthening, or she will go into con sumption. That losing flesh is really a serious matter ; but, as I have said, there is no organic mischief as yet, only extreme anooinia. Tonics and good food, these will work wonders/ Willie Maturin went with him to hia carriage. . As the doctor stood with his foot on the step, a Budden thought seemed to strike him. ' Drive on, Jenkins/ he said to his coachman, * and wait for me outside the gate. I will walk down/ ' You will walk with me, Mr. Maturin?' he said, turning to his companion. They walked in silence for a minute or two, onjoying the bright sunshine of tho winter uay; then, when the tyirriage had rounded a bend in the road. Dr. Haddon suddenly stopped and laced Willie Maturin. ' You will forgive me/ he said, putting his hand on the other man's shoulder kindly, ? if 1 ask you' a question. I gather that you are Misb Aichibald'r lover. How long have you been engaged to her '°nS f Why, always I I never thought of any other woman? . And when are you to be married P» . ihere is nothing settled.' ' ? ^hore 'J nothing settled ! My good vm, f?, -y(?n A ' time laata for ever ? Do S5 jmic, „hero are no such things as ago ssst** °'*,i The other man looked at him blankly. I was not bo once. Her father forbade fnu,r, carriage, and she accepted her , father's will. 'Afterwards, as the years passed, X grow reconciled to it/ *?11 would have been reconciled to it till the end, eh ? I am glad we have had tins conversation, I can now better understand my patient's illness/ ' What do you mean P' ? I thought it was tha mind. We doctors can do little with the body when the mind is ill at ease. Make her marry 'you at once, and take her away; it is her only chance, poor thing.' ' She is not going to die ?' ' If she goes on as she is going, she will not be alive thiB day twelvemonths ; but I bolieve happiness will savo her.' ' Chauk you, doctor j I will follow: your j. iuuu hud tainx or tne conse quences if I fail.' 'I don't think you will fail. I will come again on Thursday, and shall expect to find things much better. Good-morning, Mr Maturin.' * Good-morning, doctor. Wish me God speed.' i 'I do, Mr. Maturin.' He went back to the room where Jane Archibald sat in a big chintz-covered chair by the fire. Something patient in her look smote him intolerably as he came in. Ho leant over her and put hiB check to hers. ' How delightfully frosty you are !' she said. ' It makes me want to get out.' ' That is a good Bign, Janie ; you have beeu moping of late.' ' I have, but I feel bettor to-day. It makes me happy to think that you care so milch.' ? Didn't you know I cared, Janie ?? She said nothing, and ho knelt down and put his head on her knee. ' You remember tho grey silk dress you wore ouo evening soon after your father died, Janie ?' 'Yes, dear.' ' It would not be too cold for you to wear in a carriage, supposing you wero warmly wrapped up.' ' I suppose not, dear. But what are you thinking about ?' ' About our marriage, Janie, Do you think I am going to wait for ever? I shall not wait a day or an hour longer than I can help. I am going to marry you and tako you away at once to some wurin place where you will get strong.' ' Oh, Willie,' said tho woman, with hor faded prottiness suddenly blossoming like a rose ; ' but there will be bo much to be done !' ' There is thiB to be done. Ab Boon as I can tear mysolf away from you, my sweet, I am riding to Normanstowe for a license. Brown Bobs is at the door saddled for me. I shall wait for nothing — nothing. And I have a fancy for your wearing the grey suit uress wnen wo are married. W ill you lot me -* *-nw ?' ' Yes, go,' sho said, making with her hands as if she would have lifted him up. She looked herself as if sho were filled with a new life. He came back in the late afternoon with the license and her wedding ring. He brought in with him a big parcel from a draper s shop, which, being opened, proved to contain a beautiful cloak of grey velvet, fur-trimmed and warmly lined. Ho laughed at her remonstrances about his extravagance. ' The money has somehow gathered dur ing those years,' ho said. 'I can quite afford to give my wife anything in reason, and things will not suffer in my absence. I have arranged with Beaman about the winf-or wnrlr n.n rl T V» n tto apqktt- ft A that things will go on well till tho spring brings us homo/ Dr. Haddon only saw his patient once more, and was eminently satisfied with the change in hor. Before tho gossips had wakened up to what was going on the old lovers were married and gone. Those who caught a glimpse of the bride said she lnnlrorl rtClif.n vrtimrr nrirl lion^onm/i extremely delicate, in her grey velvet cloak and little grey bonnet. Hor hus baud, at all events, caw no fault in her, nor she in him. Some weeks later they were sitting to gether on the edge of tho Mediterranean under a blue 8ky and a bright sun. Mrs. I Maturin was now in no danger of going | into consumption. She was picking up I flesh rapidly, and her skin had grown quite firm and her eyes bright in the weeks that had elapsed since her marriage, j ' Dr. Haddon said I was like a person wno xiau ueen suirvea, sne remarked sud denly. ' So I was, I was starving for hap piness, and should have died of the star vation very soon/ ? Can I everforgive mysolf?' her husband said, leaning over to kiss her as romantic ally as a boy. ' My poor Willie '/ she answered, turning eyes full of tri^st to him. ' You have much to forgive me too. To think of the years we have lost ! You should have had your children growing up about you by this time/ 'I would rather have you, my dear, than seven tall sons/ he made answer. 