? We shall probably see definite steps made towards Federation during the next few months, and . THE CRITIC strongly advises its friends in Westralia to make a powerful effort to force the hands of John Forrest and the small anti- Federal party' behind him. The large majority in Westralia in favor of Union can surely make its influence felt before it is too lat& It will be a shameful thing if the! gold province remains out of the Union against the wishes of quite four-fifths of its people.' If the little anti-Federal ring of politicians in Perth have their own way, and Westralia remains out of the Federation, THE CRITIC strongly urges the large Federal majority on the goldfields to push/their separation agitation to the bitter end. It will be a strong argument with the Imperial Government that any new province thus created would join the Australian Commonwealth. It is recorded in Monday's press, by the way, that Hackett, who is practically the ringleader of the anti-Federalists, is of opinion that great difficulties stand in the way of the advocates of separation, the principal one. being that the separationists would have to take over a share of the public debt oi Westralia. Hackett apparently overlooks the fact that the new province thus created would, if it joined the Federation, transfer such debt to the •Commonwealth along with the other Australian states. There is little doubt that separation would be th& best thing. that could happen to the Westralian goldfields. * * * Sir John Cockburn! Well, well, and and they say he owes his bauble to the persistency of his former chief, Kingston. When Cockburn was the melodramatic-leader of the so-called "Liberal" party a few years ago, he was opposed to titular distinctions of all kinds. But time brings peculiar changes, and the new knight has had behind him a persistent barracker in Kingston. At one time they were deadly enemies, politically, but the shuffling of the cards brought them together. Cockburn was made Agent- General,, much to the surprise of the man he superseded—Tom Playford— *who always inaintained . that - Cockburn would be a failure in the billet, and the prophecy was pretty well correct. Like Bonython, Cockburn has done nothing to earn a knighthood,- but owes his preferment to the fact that he did the Kingston Government useful service. In politics it always paid to be; on the side of the exploded ex-Premier, and right well did most"" of the self-styled Radical party know it. ' ••>,/ ' . • » » . THE CRITIC has no sympathy with^ those people who sneer at the sending, of a second contingent to the Transvaal. This paper strongly opposed the original proposal because there was then no necessity for Australia to assist the mother country. But the recent reverses, and the menacing attitude of Continental nations have entirely chahged the aspect of aifairs. The Empire is most certainly in danger now, and the time has arrived for England and her colonies to show a. united front. Moreover, it is clear that a heavy expenditure of men and • money will be required before the present W&ivcomes; to a conclusion. Great Britain has directly called upon Australia to come to her aid. and there can be but one response. We are now witnessing a lot of loyalty on the part of our. politicians.. Let them be practical, and vote sufficient funds to place the military forces on a sound basis, instead of pursuing the ^policy , of starvation we have been so accustomed to in the past. * * * THE CRITIC'S map of the separated Western Australia, was received with delight on the goldfields. It is taken as the ideal scheme—but the official demand will be much less, and only a share of the southern coast will be demanded. In the first formulation of the goldfields' demand, Albany will not be included, but a sympathetic support will be given to a separate petition from that port. It is expected that Geraldton will be also asked to come in, in accordance with the scheme outlined in the Xmas number of THE CRITIC. The going, away of Vic.'s second contingent is being taken very seriously: With the knowledge that any cabled may bring the news that the Australians have been in one of Lord Methuen's fierce battles, sobers everyone in Melbourne. The men who are making up the 300 are quieter, and more resolute than the hundreds who crowded the barracks a few months ago in the hope of getting a picnic trip to South Africa. There will bfc an.immense demonstration in Melb. on the 13th to ibid the men good-bye, but it will be much more serious in tone; than that great day on the 28th of October. This send-off will be to men who may not come back, and that feeling was quite absent on the previous occasion. The anxiety was that they might get to Africa before the war was oyer, with an idea that the hope was a vain one. . The effect of the two defeats of the Labdr party ^at Footscray and North Melbourne jus to blot those people out as a political; .force in the Eederal elections. They further immensely strengthen the position of the Pror tectionist following. The curious thing is that neither of the men who won the seats belong to the Liberal party led by Sir George Turner. But the bitterness of the fight in Vic. politics has only indirectly a reference to local politics. It is really the . effort of Sir George Turner to put himself and, his colleagues in a commanding position, and this cannot be done unless they are Ministers.. As private members none of them really count. Meantime, while the ex-Ministers are making so much of the local position, the real party leaders are drawing out from local matters altogether,'and so arranging their plans that several of the men who went over with Allan MacLean will have the door opened for them to join the Federal ranks without prejudice. The screeching of the Tumerites. is just to prevent such a thing ias this, aijd in trying to prevent it they are doing themselves most harm. Lieutenant - Colonel John Cash Neild, of Sydney, is not going to the. war. He has a little war of his own on with the local military authorities But apart from that, it is still improbable that this garralous legislator would face a Boer. When the first contingent was being enrolled he caught' thfe infiiienza, W^he-n the sec-: ond was talkedofj lie ^caught a sore foot. Mr. Neild lives in a, world of sensations all hovering around^^ ^ •. self. He asserts he made Reid' Premier; it is certain " he pulled 1 - Beid ' down. Seid's grant of * £ 300* withbiit the ' S • last" contrib^W^^ bizarre^ for 'tiie W ^ o ^ ^ nine hpurs' speech ^ Pension ^ ^ w r e A quiet : of .members. waited pn Sir .; George Turner what h£ "Turn t&e; McLean Cabinet out/' said Sir George^aaidrfo^ deptfla-- tion, "but what then? Are you going to take back your old Ministers?" "Ah, that is a matter for future consideration,' remarked Turner. "Oh, no, it is not," said the deputation. "It is a matter that has to be considered now. We want an undertaking before we support any motion against Mr. MacLean that your old team is not coming back." Sir George promised to consult his colleagues, and they objected to it, of course. So there the matter stands, and when it is all over, the fierce attack on the 9th will fizzle out. It suits a large part of the Assembly to allow a Cabinet wholly living during good behaviour, to cut up the Federal electorates. * * * THE IMPERIAL NATIVITY". What meaijeth armed hosts That hasten from our shores, As disappear the ghosts Of cut-tlie-painter bores? No matter this to scout or scorn, A Child Imperial is born! And what, the gifts that pour From castle and from cot, To mitigate the sore, And soothe the suffrer's lot? Tbo' for its dead the nation mourn, A Child Imperial is born! And what, the jewelled swords— The symbol gift of Ind— The taut Canadian cords: The song on ev'ry wind? For Albion's foes to be a thorn: A Child Imperial is born! While cannon roar and bay, While bullets p$ng and thud, This is its natal day; 'Twill be baptised in blood Look from the! mangled, bleeding, torn, And see the Child Imperial born! Of this the statesman dreamed; For this the seer sighed; But dreamers they were deemed, Without the sight they died. Now dawns, at length, the looked-for morn, * A Child Imperial is born!. * * * G: F. C. Premier John Forrest has commenced his missionary efforts on behalf of the trumpery proposed amendments of the Commonwealth Bill. Such gall has never before been shown by any desperate politician in Australia. Despised and discredited in his own country, only holding office because of the disfranchisement of the main bulk of the people, Forrest comes to the East to seek from Hoi der, Solomon, and Kingston, McLean, Turner, and Deakin, Barton, Reid, and Deakin, help in forcing upon the people of the whole of Australia, the ignorant proposals of a misrepresentative 'Perth clique, • * * * Separation from W.A. so as to become part of the Commonwealth, is now the creed of the goldfields. It will mean a long and costly agitation, organization of every corner of the goldfields, and the despatch of a delegation to England—but the miners are willing to put up £20,000, and are /determined to accomplish their end. * '* * An alarming report by the captain of- the Arcadia recently startled W.A. He announced having seen the mast of a "large "vessel a, Jew miles out of Albany; v It is significant of W»A. management 'anil administration that >there . ^ . ... ... no vessel able g* ve ? s ' . In ' -therefore to be issued for tKe despatch of a boat Jryn ¥re- ^^f* v, there there had bee* t c h e s H^feadia'ife report turned out When a wreck reised that there was no cable to comniunicate the fact, the transmis- {.-,. A Tempting Opportunity* The Friendly Foes.—" Oh 1 What a lovely chance to pull its tail 1N.Y. Puck. sion of important shipping, news having been entrusted to the heliograph, which is useless in overcast weather, when wrecks are more likely to occur. # # » The right wing of X.S.W. Government party exhibited mutinous tendencies during the week preceding Christmas. Lyne's slow, if not sluggish, temper saved the situation more than once. The best men of his. party are in this wing; they are Protectionists in season and out; Protectionists, beginning, middle, and end. When Lyne proclaimed an empty Treasury, they hailed- their chance. To the Customs, was the cry. But Lyne had promised not tc raise the fiscal question pending Federation, and in a heavy, lugubrious way, he begged to be allowed to stand to his promise. The wing coaxed, cajoled, showed how politicians habitually break promises, and finally threatened. It opposed his probate tax, and talked at him and il all night. But Lyne held out. A sharp word from him, a heated speech, such as a hotter-blooded man might have let go, would have rent his party beyond mending. * * * The contest for the Southern District of the Legislative Council next April seeius .likely to resolve itself into a battle royal between Mr. J. L. Stirling, the leader of the Opposition in the Upper House, and Mr. C. C. Kingston, on the subject of household suffrage. Mr. Gordon is one of those pleasant persons who will pick up votes from both sides, and it' is pretty certain that he will head the poll*' 