[ALL RIGHTS r.KSERYED.] " IX WHITS RAWEST, Br WILLIAM LE ijUEUX, Author of "i'urnle :m;l Fine Linen,1' "Whoso Fimloth a Wife." "Of Rny;il Blood, "If Sinners Katies Thee." " The D:iy of Toinprarion," etc.. ore. CHAPTER XII. Tin: Mornixo Ajtk "Then why have you compelled me to meet you again she demanded Jiercely, in a tone which showed her abhorrence of him. "The hist time we met you fold me that you ■were going abroad. Why haven't you gone ?" "I've been, and come back again." "Where 1" "That's my business," ha answered quite calmly, "i'our welcome home is not a very ■warm one. to say the least." "I have no welcome for my enemies." "Oh! I'm an enemy— eh? Well," ho added, "I have always considered mysolf your friend." "Friend !" she echoed. "You show your friendliness in a rather curious manner ! You conceive these dastardly plots, and then compel me to do your bidding—to act as your decoy !" "Coma, come," ho laughed, his temper quite unruffled by her accusation. "You know that in all my actions I fiin guided; by your interests—as well as my uivn." ,."I was certainly not aware of it," shejre Bporided. "It cannot be to my own interest -that you compel me to meet ynu here like this, at the risk cf discovery. Would it not have been better if our meeting had taken place in London, as before ?" "Necessity has driven me to make this i appointment," he responded. "To write to you is dangerous, yet I wanted to give you ■warning so that you can place yourself in a position or security." ; "A warning—of what V she asked breath lessly. "La Gioia is here." "La Gioia !" she gasped. "'Here ! Im possible !" La Gioia ! It was the name I had found written upon the piece of paper beneath .her pillow. '•Unfortunately,""'it is the truth," ho're sponded in an earnest voice. "The contre temps is 6erious." "Serious !" she cried in alarm. "Yes, it . is serious,- and through you I am thus placed in peril." "How do you intend t.o act':" "I have no idea," she responded, in a hoarse tone. "lam tired of it all and driven to despair—I am sick to death of this eternal scheming, this perpetual fear that the ter rible truth- should- become known. God knows how I have suffered during the past year. Ah ! how a woman can suffer and still live ? 1 tell you," she cried with sudden des peration, "this dread that haunts roe continu • ally will drive me to take my life !" "Rubbish!" he laughed. "Keep up your pluck. With a little ingenuity a woman can deceive- the very devil himself.'' "I tell you," she said, "I am tired of life —of you—of everything. I have nothing to live for —nothing to gain by living." Hor voice was the broken voice of a woman driven to desperation by the fear, that her secret should become k:;own. - "Well," he laughed - brutally, "you've certainly nothing to gam by dying, my dear." "You taunt me!" she cried, in anger. "You who hold me irrevocably in this bond of guilt—you who compel me to act as your accomplice in these vile schemes! I hate ' : "Without' a doubt," lis responded, with a short laugh. "And yet I have tl<>11o nothing toavouso this feeliag of antagonism." ".Nothing ; Do you then think so lightly of all the past ?'' "My dear girl," he said, "one should never tliink of what lias gone by. It's a bad habit. Look to your own safety— and to the future." "La Gioia is hero !" .she repeated in a low voice, as though unable fully to realise all that the terrible announcement meant. "Well, how do you intend to act "My actions will be guided by circum stances," he replied. "And yon'/" She was silent. The stillness of the night was broken only by the dismal cry of a night bird down near the lake. "I think it is best that I should die and end it all," she replied, in a hard, strained voice. "Don't talk such nonsense," lie said im patiently. "You are young, graceful, nmarfc, with one of the . prettiest faces in London. :-And you would commit suicide. The thing is utterly absurd." "" "What have I to gain by living she in quired again, that question being apparently uppermost in her mind. "You love young Chetivcde. You may yet marry him." "jS'o," she answered with a sigh. "I fear that can never be. Happiness can never be mine — never." "Does he love yon '!" inquired the major, with a note of sympathy in his voice. "Lovo mo ? Why, of course he docs." ''■You have never doubted him ?" "Never." "And he has asked you to marry him?" "Yes, a dozen times." "When was the last occasion?" "To-night—an hour ago." "And you, of course, refused?' "Of course." "Why?" "Because of the barrier which prevents my marriage with him." • "And you will allow that to stand in tho way rof 'youi- safety "My safety !" she echoed. "I don't un derstand." "Cannot you see that if you married Cyril Chetwode at once, La Gioi.i would bs power less." "Ah she exclaimed, suddenly impressed by tho suggestion. "Iliad never thought of that." "Well," he went on, "if you take my ad vice, you'll lose 110 time in becoming Chet ■wode'a wife. Then you can defy your enemies, and snap your fingers at LaGioia." A deep silence fell. The woman who was my wife was reflecting. "You say that by marriage I could defy my enemies, but that is ineorrcct. I could not cut myself free of all of them." "Why? Whom would your four?" "You yourself I" she answered bluntly. "I know you too well, alas she went on desperately. "J know that I could never bs safe from your ingenious plotting, that just at the moment of my happiness you would cast upon me the black shadow of the past.' "You hare no confidence in me," he pro tested with a dissatisfied air. "I can have jjo confidence, in odd who holds me enslaved as you do." "And yet Ihave como here at considerable risk and personal inconvenience to give you warning. "Because you fear discovery yourself." "No," he laughed. , "I'm quite, safe. I merely came here to make two .suggsstions to you. Ono I have already made, -namely, that you should marry Chetwodo without delay. And the other " ■ J Ho paused,< as though accurately; to gauge the extent of his power over her. "Well ? Go on." I am all attention." "The other is (.hat you should, as before, render 11:0" a trifling assistance in a little matter 1 have on hand which, if successfully carried out, will place both of 11s for ever beyond the reach of La Giuia's vengeance." "Another schemeshe cried wearily. "Well, what is it? Some further dastardly plot or othor, no doubt. Explain it." "So. You are under a misapprehension," he responded quickly. ' "The affair i3; 110 dastardly plot, but merely a little piece of ingonuity by which we may outwit La Gioia." "Outwit her she cried. "The very devil himself could not outwit La Gioia!" "Ah he laughed. "You women arc always so ready to jump to ill-formed conclu sions. She has one weak point." "And you have discovered it 5" "Yes. I have discovered it." "How ?" "That is my affair. It is sufficient to be aware that she, the invincible, is nevertheless vulnerable." There was another pause, but at least tho woman 1 love responded in a firm determined tone. ''Then, if this is true, I leave it to you. You declare that you are my friend; there fore I can at least rely on you for protection, especially ns we havo so many interests in common." "But you must assist me," he observed. "No," she answered, "I refuse to do that. I have painful recollections of what has al ready happened. The grim ghosts of tho past' are always with me." "You aro far too impressionable," ho laughed. "If I had not stood your friend, you would have fallen into the hands of the police long ago." "Avid you she inquired. He did not respond. Possibly the subject was rather too unwelcome to admit of dis cussion. From his lingers I knew this man to be at least a gaol-bird who had performed hard labor, and it was also certain that with the ingeniously prepared cigarette he had attempted to take my life. "No," she went on, in a clear, firm voice, "I refuse to bo fin Lher.associated with any of your schemes. You are quite capable of carrying out any villainy without my assist ance." "Need we use the term villainy where La Gioia is concorncd i" he asked. "You know her well enough to bo aware that if she finds you she will be merciless, and gloat over your downfall.'" "I would kill myself beforo she discovers me," my wife declared. "But you might not have time,'' he sug gested. "To die willingly demands con siderable resolution. Women's nerve usually fails them at tlio extreme moment." "Mine will nor, you can rest assured of that," she answered. "You don't f=eem capable of listening to reason to-night." he protested. "I am capable of listening to reason, but not to conspiracy," she replied with some hauteur. "I know well what is passing in your mind. It is not the first time that such a thought has passed there. You would plot to take her life—to murder La Gioia !"' He laughed outright, as though there were something humorous in her words. "aNo, no, my dear," he answered quickly. "You quite misunderstand my intention.'' "I misunderstood your intention on a previous occasion," she said, meaningly. "But iu this affair our interests are entirely mutual," he pointed out. "You must assist me." "I shall not." I "But you must. It is imperative. We have everything to gain by securing her silence." "And everything to lose by meeting her." "But when we meet her it will be in defi anco. I have thought out a plan." "Then carry it out," she said. "I will have nothing whatever to do with it." "I may compel you," he said, with slow distinctness. "You have already compelled me to act as your accomplice, but you have strained my bonds until they can resist no longer. I intend to break them." "That is. indeed, very interesting !" Ho laughed, treating her as though she were a spoilt child. "Yes !" she cried furiously. "I will kill myself." "And leave me to make a scandalous ex planation ?" "Then you would besmirch my good name after my death ?" she said, turning upon him quickly. "All ! yes. You show yourself in your true colors. You would even weave about me a web of infamy, so as to prevent me taking my life. I hate and detest you !" "That's not the first time you have!in formed me of that fact, my dear," lie re sponded, with perfect coolness. "If it were not for you I should now be a happy, careless girl, without a thought be yond the man I love. . Thanks to you I am, however, one of the moat wretched of all God's creatures." "You need not bo. You arc petted in your own circlo of friends, and your reputation remain* unsullied." "I occupy a falso position," she declared. "What would Cyril say if he knew the truth?" "A woman should never study the man who is to be her husband. It makes him far too conceited; and. moreover, she is sure to regret it in after life." llo was at times shrewdly philosophical, this scoundrel who held man and wife be neath his thrall. "I have you—only you—to thank for my present position. Believed by the world to" lie an honest innocent girl, and accepted as such, I nevertheless fear from hour to hour that the truth may be revealed, and that 1 may find myself in the hands of the police. Death is preferable to this constant, all-con suming dread." "The unreasonableness and pertinacity of woman is extraordinary," he exclaimed, in a tone of impatience. "What good can pos sibly result from this duel between us ! Why not let us unite in defeating La Gioia?" ■ " i hat I refuse to do." "But cur position is Kerions—moat serious," he pointed out. "'Suppose that she discovers you !" "Weil, what then •" ! "You would bo entirely at her mercy," he said in ;i deep voice. "And you know her well enough to be aware that once deter mined upon a course she never goes back— you know the lieudishness ol her vengeance." "1 know," she responded in a voice scarce above a whisper, the voice of a woman driven to desporation. "She is your enemy," ho said. "She would torture, and afterwards kill you." "She could not torture me more than I am already tortured, with my mind so full of all that has gone by," my wife declared in a hoarse, unnatural voice which plainly told of acute suffering. "But you must arm yourself against her," he urged. "Togethor we are strong enough to defeat any attack that she may take. Remember that she is in London in .search of you." "Do you think she'll easily find me ?" "Ah ! I do not know," ho responded. "She has, as you are well aware, many sources of secret information open to her. Before now she has got at secrets that were supposed .to be inriolable. . She may dis cover OUf3." "Then toll me plainly," she askod, dropping her voice until it was scarcely above a whisper, "do you, yourself, fear her ?" > "Yea. She is the only person who besides ourselves knows the truth," he responded in a low tone. "And you would set a trap into which she will fall ?" she went on, still in n whisper. "Come, do not let us prevaricate longer. You intend to kill her ?" There was a dead silence. At last her companion spoke. "Well," he answered, "and if your surmise is correct?" "Then once and for all," she said, raising her voice, "I toll you that I'll have no hand whatsoever in it! I will not be your accom plice in tho crime. I am no murderess !" Ho was apparently taken aback by the suddenness of her decision. "And you prefer to be left unprotected against the vengeance of La Gioia !" he said, harshly. "Yes, I do," she said determinedly. "And recollect that from to-night ;I refuse to be further associated' With'tlibselvile schemes of yours. You doceivecl me;,.once; youn shall never do so again." : :>'! >M "It was for your^dwn- 'benefit-^your own aafety," he declared quietly:''1"; "Enough i" she' ttied'' iiiJ aii^rV'.1 "You have spoken, and I have given my answer.d I prefer the vengeance of La Gioia to becom ing your accomplice in a foul and secret crime.'' He laughed aloud. "And you think you can break from me as easily as this ? Your action to- nightvis foolish suicidal. You will repent it." ■'I shall never repe'nt.i!J':My hatred of you is too strong !": ' ; , 1:>''V'Wo shUlP£sfee," Tie 'Uidghed. ''We*&hall;*" soe !" "Let rae puss !" sho cried, and leaving him walked quickly down the path, and in a fewihoinents the" flutter of her light dress was lost in tho gloom. Her companion laughed again, a short evil laugh, then turning, hurried after her. I emerged quickly from my hiding-place, and followed them as far as the stile. He had overtaken her, and was striding by her side, bending arid talking earnestly as they were crossing the open grassland. To follow sufficiently closo to overborn what words he said was impossible without detection, therefore I was compelled to re main and watch the receding figures until tbey became swallowed up in the darkness. Then, turning I passed through the belt of wojd again, and sealing a wall gained the high-road which, after a walk of half-an-hour, took me back to Hounslow. That night I slept but little. The dis covery I had made was extraordinary. "Who was this woman with the strange name. "La Gioia" moant in Italian "The Jewel," or "The Joy." Why did thoy fear her ven geance ? In the morning, as I descended to break fast, the landlord of the inn, standing in his shirtsleeves, met meat the foot of the stairs. "Have you heard the terrible news, sir?" ho inquired. "Xo," 1 said in surprise. "What news ?" "There was murder committed last night over in Whitton Park ■" "Murder!" I gasped. "Who has been murdered !" :To be continued in next Wednesday's issue.) 