FOR YOUNG AUSTRALIA. THE GHOST. "The Adviser." " I no want go there, Susie," whim pered Baby George, dragging back at Susie's skirts. I f'ightened. Dedful bogie down there." Susie shrank a little herself. She was only a timid girlie of nine, and the dark recess in there among the trees and rocks looked sadly mysterious and gloomy. The tales the village folk whispered to one another at twilight about the lady dressed all in gray who walked up and down that lonely alley at darkening, weeping and wringing her hands, all came back to poor Susie's mind, and her cheeks grew rather pale as she peered anxiously be- 1 fore her. But she was a brave little lass, so she sturdily replied, " "We've got to go, Georgie ; leastways I've got to go, and you wouldn't like to he left behind, I guess, would you ? " Left behind ! Geoigie's baby inind quailed with terror at the bare idea, and he would have screamed out loud had he not been even too frightened for that. So be bid his face 111 Susie's frock, and sobbed under bis breath instead. " Come, Georgie, pet, don't cry, dearie," said Susie, putting his back like the little woman she was ; " I don't believe there are bogies. Mother says it is only silly people who say so. Any way, ttis is the shortest way to the doctor's, and Mother said we were to go awful quick and get him, or Tom would maybe die, and I'm going God can take care of us. See, you can get up on my back ana ride pickaback. Then if the bogie floss come you just put your head down on my neck, and you won't see a bit of her." That sounded comfortable, and Georgie stopped crying and was hoisted on to his sister's back forthwith, where he ciung as tightly round pocr mnch-enduriug Susie's neck as ever the old man did round Siubad the sailor's in the stories of the Arabian Nights, which I hope all you children have read. Thus arrauged, it was all I right for Georgie, who soon forgot his ! terror in the pleasure of being carried ; but Susie's heart was very faint within her, for all her brave words. There might be bogies after all, and if the terrible grey lady came upon them, walking in her domains, what might she not do or say ? Suppose God did not remember to take care of them ? Still she bethought herself of the beautiful words her mother sometimes repeated, when poor foolish brother Tom went off to the ale-house on Saturday night, and left his widowed mother and little brothers and sisters to starve at home. " He caretb for us, Susie," Mrs Green would say, " and somehow light will be brought out of darkness, dearie." " He careth for us and I won't bo afraid, not for twenty bogies," said Susie to herself sturdily. Nevertheless when, just at the darkest part of the passage, between the two stiles, which was so much shorter than the field path to the doctor's, her eye caught the flutter of a gray robe among the trees, she shook from head to foot, and all bnt dropped Georgie from her back. The next momeut she pulled herself together, set her teeth bard, and marched on. " I've got to do it," she said to herself. " Georgie, let's say « Our Father ' out loud, very loud, like we do in church. ' Our Bather which art in Heaven. Hallowed be Thy name. Thy Kingdom come '—oh ' " She stopped, unable to utter another word, for there stood the Lady Gray right in her path. " Mv dear, what is the matter ? " At the sound of that familiar voice Susie sprang joyfully forward. This was 110 ghost, but only Miss Morton from the Hal! ; in a grey gown sure enough, but as much flesh and blood as poor trembling Susie herself. And kindly did she clasp the little frightened children to her, while Susie told the storv of their fear. " You're a brave girl, Susie," said the young lads*. " It's not everyone would do their duty like that, but you need not be frigbteued any longer. I'll come with you myself to Dr Thome's, though I'm sure we'll meet nothing worse on the way than mv oid donkey. My father lets him wander about in this wood as be likes, and I dare say wlem the silly viiiage people .a'.fc or a ghost it's Jerry yonder that hns frightened them. We'll call him, and make him carry Georgia for you." Susie's tears and George's too were soou dried, and a merry party reached the doctor's door. The doetor was just starting on 3 long round, but drove off to Widow Greeu's instead, on hearing of Tom's accident, and when later Tom heard from ltiui aud j Miss Merton how Susie's courage had, humanly speaking, saved his life by I bringing help iu time, his heart was i touched. Tom was not out-and-out had, only weak aud easily led. He had not had courage, iu spito . of his mother's tears aud entreaties, to break away from his bad companions aud follow the right, aud he sorrowfully owned his little sister 111 her simple faith and love was braver than he. "But, God's helping me, mother, » he said, "I'll not he afraid of [ my bogie any longer, hut go forward like dear wee Sue." And lie kept his word, making the widow's heart to " sing for joy," as the beautiful words of the Bible put it, and Susie, growing older and wiser, learned that while there are no ghosts to be afraid of, in all difficulties of life, it is still the best way to trust in God, and go forward. 