THE FOURTH GENERATION. By SIR WALTER DESANT. CI-IArTER X. — (continued). Tito counsel line) a map or lite wood. Ho mado n great deal otit of this map. Ho called atten tion to distances; for instance, it would take live minutes only to get train tho wood to tho farm. On these points ho cross-examined Mr. Camnaieno closely. "I low long would it tttko to walk through tho wrod 7" "Flvo or six minutes." "Are tli ore scuts in tho wood?" "None." "Did your friend express any intention of linger ing in tho wood, or tvnft there any reason why )o should linger In the wood?" "No, certainly not; ho entered tho wood at a (ttick pace, and, so far as X know, intended to reep it up." "Tliero wero 110 seats in tho wood. Were Micro any fallen trees to sit down upon?" "Not to my knowledge." "Was it a morning for lying down on tho grass?" "No, there had been rain; the paths were muddy and tho grass was wet." "Did you Httpposo that tho deceased stood in the wood for two hours?" , "I do not. I think it impossible." "Your suggestion is that there was sonieono lurking in tho wood?" "Everything points to that, in my opinion." "Otherwise, on tho theory of tho prosecution, your brother-in-law must have stood in tho wood; doing nothing, for nearly two hours; because nobr.dy disputes the fact that tho prisoner en tered tho wood a little beforo twelve." "That is so, I think." "I am sorry to press you, Mr. Campalgne, on a .-subject so painful, hut I have a life to save. Do you supposo that your frlond was ono who would ho likely to yield up his life without a struggle?" "Certainly not. Ilo was a strong and resolute man." "Again, look at the prisoner," who was not mora than ilvo foot live. "Do you suppose that your friend would stand still to bo killed by a littlo man like that?" "It is absurd to supposo anything ot the kind." "Ho might havo been taken unawares — but then tho blow would havo been at tho back ot tlio head. Now it was In tho front. Do you suppose it possible that this laboring man should, on entering the wood, suddenly resolve upon taking a strange gentleman's life without a mo tive, not oven with tho hope of plunder? — should rush upon him. And him off his guard, and suc ceed in taking his life without receiving a blow or a scratch?" "I certainly do not." "Do you supposo that if all these impossibilities had taken place, tho man would havo run back covered with blood to tell what ho had found?" "I certainly do not," Tho boy who had already given his evidence Was recalled. "How long was It after-Mr. Holms went into tho wood boforo John Dunning went 1n?" "It was a long time." "Wo know," said the Judge, "the two gentlc- mott wont out at ten; they would reach tho wood, according to this map, about fifteen minutes past ten; U10 dead body was brought home a little after noon. Therefore, aa the prisoner was only a few minutos In tho wood, it must have heen about twenty minutes to twelve that ho went 1n." "And remained, my lord, no moro than a few minutes." "So it would seem from the evidence. Much mischief, however, may be done in a few ininuteB." Tho counsel recalled the doctor. "When you saw tho body it was, I think you said, a little before ono o'clock." "That is so." "Tho body was then qulto stiff and dead, you BA'.d." "Quito. It had been dead sohio time; perhaps two hours." "It hud been dead two hours. You are quite sure?" "I will not swear to tho exact time. I will say a long while." "If tho hoy's evidence as to tho time occupied by the prisoner in tho wood is correct, death would have been caused a few minutes before tho men brought the shuttor. The body would have been qulto warm?" "It would," ' "Now— you saw the wound? Indicate for the Jury exactly whero it was." Tho doctor laid his hand on tho top of his head. "Not the front, but tho top. Very good. Mr. Holms was six feet high. Look at the prisoner. Is it possible that so short a man could have infiicted such a blow on the top of tho head?" "Not unless he found his victim seated." "Quito so. And wo havo heard from Mr. Campnigno that it was impossible to sit down In tho wet wood. Thank you." . One need not go on. There was the evidence. At first it looked very had against tho prisoner; no one olso In tho wood, the -blood on U10 smock, tlie weapon with which the deed was accom plished, tho apparent Impossibility of anyone else being the criminal. Then came this clever lawyer upon tho scene, and In a little while the whole ot tho case foil to pieces." First,; the doctor's evidence that death bad boon caused two hours before the prisoner entered tho wood; tho ovidonco of tho boy that the" pri soner had gone in qnly a few minutes beforo he came out running. That was positive evid ence in his favor." Thero was, next, the evidence of Mr. Campalgne. His brother-in-law was tho last man In tho world who would be murdered without making a fight. He was a powerful man, much stronger than the fellow charged with murdering him. Ho was not taken- unawares, but received tho fatal blow in full front. ' Again, tliero was 110 robbery. If a poor man commits tho crime of murder he does it either for revenge or for jealousy or for robbery. Thero "could lie mono of these motives at work in the murder of this unfortunate gentleman. Lastly, there was tho best possible tostlmony In favor of the prisoner's personal character. This , is not of much uso where tho evidence is strong; but when It Is weak it may bo of tho greatest pos sible help. His employer stated that the prisoner was a good "workman, who knew his business; that I10 was sober and industrious and lionost; tho least likely man on his farm to commit this atrocious act. The judge summed up favorably. ' The jury re tired to consider their verdict. They came back after ah hour. Verdict: "Not Guilty." Thon followed moro writing. "When tho verdict was declared, tho prisoner stopped down and wus greeted with friendly con gratulation by his master, tho farmer, and others! The Judge, beforo leaving tho Court, sent for Mr. Campalgne. " 'Sir,' ho said, shaking hands with him, 'we bavo to deplore, our .own loss as well as yours In the melancholy events of that day. For my own part, although I consider tho verdict of the jury amply Justified by the evidence, I should like your opinion on the matter.' " 'It It Is worth your attention, you shall hear it. had mado up my mind on tho point. The evidence at tho inquest was quite Incomplete. After talking the matter over with the doctor, the murder was most certainly committed long ,,2,, mau Dunning wont into tho wood at all. Tho state of the body showed, If medical evi dence is worth anything, that death had taken place two hours before; that Is. before oloven— in fact, shortly after I loft him. He inns: imvn ha,n walking straight to his death when I left him, and saw him striding along through tho wood.' all ?' Aa<1 haV 'you beou abIc to form any theory at 'None. I-Iad thero been robbery, I should have suspected gipsies. Our own people about hero are quiet- and harmless. Such a thing as wilful nnd deliberate murder would bo impossible lor tncra. i> ,.10 caso Becomes moro mysterious. ' I folt so strongly as to tho man's innocence, that I not only provided him with counsel, but I also drow up a statement of the case. The mtir- deror of my brother-in-law, tho slayer of my wife hero Mr. Campalgne turned very pale— 'will 'be discovered:, sotno time or other ho must be dls- eovered. Ho muBt confess if he is not found out; w ' ' bavo nn innocent man suffer for; the guilty. If r can prevent It' ' 'f'|,,!said th. Jll<IE. 'your conduct Is. what in 13 expects of a noble gentleman, micro remains one conclusion. It is that there was someone concealed in the wood. Tho boy said that 110 ono wont out. I-Io was. thinking of the tvo ends; but he could not perhaps see through the wood, or beyond tho wood. It is >not yet Perhaps, too late 0 search for footsteps. How- done ' " a" 'bat can bo done will bo "So Iho trial was finished. I havo not- heard that nny further examination ot tin. spot wns hnH G m.u" Lhe VllfiSC and people -from neigh- ' "«vlll»W «"<! tho nearest m arket "owns hm , 1 '' ove,ry Sun,laY fo'- wooV-s after, gaz- at U10 sput where tlie body was found It was Df.vcry littlo uao to look tor footsteps " Mm /L nMU!i»John Dunn,nS went back to work the vllhtgo folk — itis old h- ends-t mtc. against him. They would no long;" associate with him; the taint of murder was u-ponhSniUiouah ho was as Innocent a man as over stepped. Tho Mcur spoke to the people, but It was In vaiii; any- ono Who had been tried for Murder must bo a niaihmiiT' WaS sUuimc" "ho a leper or a i 'Then Die vicar upoko about It to Iho squlro, nn 1 K'!.v, J"b" »'n»py an Dial, ho might emigrate; ami Willi all his family he ivont to Botany Buy, where Die people are not a),!, convicts, I am told, ncro, nt least. It ought I'mt to ho thrown In a man s teeth that ho hns been tried and acquitted or murder. I havo novev heard wlint lieeamo of Dunning and IDs family nfterwards. iho squire ofiered a roward of £000 for tho \- apprehension and convir-tlon ot some person un- 3 known who had nmrdrrcd Mr. Langloy Holms. HI Die printed lilll remained 011 the church door for H years— long utter tho rain had washed out Die p| letters, until the whol e bill was finally washed out ftp and destroyed. But D10 roward was never Kj aialmcd' nor was t'joro any nltcmpt io fix tho Si) guilt upon anotbor; and as time wont on,' a belief Si UP. la tho jnludfi of tho .world that, notwlth- standing the acquittal, no other was possible as the criminal than John Dunning himself. So that it was a fortunate thing for lilni that ho went away when I10 did, beforo Die popular belief wns turned qulto so dead against him. "Tho wood bccanio haunted; no ono dared pass through it alone, oven by day; because Die inur- dorcd man walked by day as well as by night. I cannot say, for myself, that I over actually saw the ghost — not, thut is to say, to recognise tho poor gentleman, though there arc plenty ot cred ible witnesses who swear to having seen It — in tho twilight, In tho moonlight, nnd in the sunshine. But one day when I was walking home from tho village — it was in the morning about 11 o'clock — I saw a strango thing which made my heart stand still. "It wns a spring day, with a fresh breeze and sunshine, but witli flying clouds. They made light nnd shadow over tho fields. In the wood, which was moro ot a coppice llian a wood, composed ot Blender trees such as birches, which wero on ono side, and firs and larches 011 tile other, with a good deal of undergrowth among tho birches, I saw, as clear as ever I saw anything In my life — a figure, oil! quite plain — a figure under the birches, and among the bushes and undergrowth. It had lis back to me, and I made out head and shoulders and arms; the rest of the body was hidden. tVhilo I looked the shadow passed away, and the sun came out— Ihen the figure disappeared. I waited for it to return. It did not. x tiiiuuu 1110 nuuu, auuut to right and left. There was nothing; tlie birds wero Blnging and calling to each other, but thero was no ghost. Yet I had seen it. When I asked myself how it was dressed I could not remember; nay, I had not observed. Then there were some to whom tho ghost had appeared clad as when lie met tho murderer; nay, some to whom It lias spoken; so that my own evidence Is not of so much impor tance as that of some others. "As time went on, we could not fall to observe a great change in the habits of my master, "Boforo this trouble, Mr. Campalgne was a man fond of society; lie would invite friends to dinner two or three times a week. Ho was fond of tho bottle, but no drunkard; onco a week he went to tho market town, and then dined at tho gentle men's ordinary. Ho was a Justice of the Peace, and active; he farmed himself somo of ills own land, and took an interest In tho stock and in the crops; ho went to church every Sunday morn ing, and had prayers every morning for the household; lie was fond of playing with ills little children; ho talked politics and read the paper ovory .week. Ho went hunting oneo or twice a week in tho season; ho went shooting nearly every day in tlie autumn; he attended tho races; ho was a gardener, and looked after his hot- liousos and conservatories; In n word, ho was a country gentleman, who pleased himself with tho pursuits of the country; was a good farmer, a good landlord, a good magistrate, a good father, and a good Christian. Yet mark what followed. When the murder happened the body was placed in the dlnlngroom. Tho maeter went into tho library; thero he had his meals served. He never entered the dining- room afterwards; he sat in the library, when ho was not walking on the terrace atone. "Suddenly, not little by little, he abandoned everything. He left off going to church, ho left off going to market, he left off shooting, bunt ing, gardening, farming, reading; he gave up company; he refused to see anyone; ho opened no letters: he held no family prayers; ne paw no attention to his children; if he found them playing ho passed by tho innocents as If they had been strangers; as for tho youngest, she who cost her mother her life, I doubt if he ov£r saw her, oi- knew who she was If he did see her. "And so It has continued ail these years. Some times the lawyer comes , over, when money is wanted. Thon the money is obtained, but ho never speaks; listens and signs a cheque. As his housokeepcr I used to present an open bill from llmo to time. Tho money was put upon tho bill with no question. The grooms havo been long dismissed; the horses turned out to grass nro long dead; tho dogs are dead; the garden has run to seed and weed; the rooms in which there has been no fire or light or air or anything are mouldering in decay. "As for the poor unfortunate children, they grew up somehow; the master would allow no interfer ence on the part of his own family; tho lawyer, Mr. Ducle, was the only person who ' could persuade him to anything. The boys were sent to a pre paratory school and then to a public school. The second went Into tho Navy — never was thero a moro gallant or handsome hoy; the elder went to Oxford; tljo girl married a merchant who turned out bad. "Everything turned out bad; It was a most un fortunate family; father and children alike— all wero unfortunate." Here ended the housekeeper's book of extracts nnd comments. There wns appended a letter. It was headed, "Mary's letter, September 2nd, I860.- "Dear Lucy, "I have not been able to answer your letter be- foro--belleve me. There are times when the heart must be alone with the heart. I have been alone with my sorrowful heart — Oh! my sorrow ful heart — for a month since it happened. "I can now tell you something— not all — that has fallen upon us — upon my innocent babes and myseir. You heard that Langley took his own lite with his own hand four weeks ago. You ask now why he did It He was doing, well — no one was more promising — no ono had brighter prospects; friends assured mo that In proper time I might confidently expect to see hltn in the Cabinet; his powers and his influence and his name wero im proving dally; lie was acquiring dally greator knowledge of affairs. -At liomo I may say, truth fully, that lie was happy with his wife, who would have laid down her life cheerfully to make him happy, and with his tender children. As for any thing outside Ills . home, such ns some young men permit themselves, ho would have no such thought; and could not have — as a man who con sidered his duty to wlfo and family or as a Chris tian. Yet lie killed himself. Oh! my dear, ho killed himself! and I am left! "Why did ho do it? "Thero was ono thing which .always woighed heavily upon Ills mind— the condition of his father. He frequently talked, of it; ho continually thought of it. why,, he asked, should a misror- tuno such as that .which had befallen him— tho tragic death of a friend and the sudden death ot his wife, so completely destroy a strong man; young, healthy, capable of rising above tho great est possible disasters? Why should this misfor tune change him permanently, so that he should noglect everything that he had formerly loved, and should become a: miserable, silent, solitary — brooding ovor tho past, living the useless life of a hermit? Of course, ho felt also the- neglect in which he and his brotkprand sistoY had been left, and tlie lack of sympathy with which his father had always regarded them. For, remember, his father is not insane; ho is able to transact busi ness perfectly. It . is only that ho refuses to speak or to converse and lives alone. "Now, dear Lucy, I am not going to make any suggestion. I Want only to tell you exactly what happened. You sent him a book of extracts and cuttings, with' supplementary notes. Those cuttings were, the contemporary account of tho murder of Mr. Langley Holms, the inquest, tho trial of a man who was acquitted, nnd the strange effect which tho whole produced upon Mr. Cam palgne, thon. quite a woung man, "Ho received the book and took it into his study. This was in tho morning. At midnight L looked in. I found him at the table reading the hook. He turned him face. My dear, it was haggard. .1 asked him what was the matter, that ho looked so 111. He ropliod, rambling, that the fa tli ers had eaten sour grapes. I begged him to leave off and conio upstairs. Ho said some thing I11 reply, but I did not catch It, and' so I left him. "He never came up stairs. At 5 in the morn ing I' woke up, nnd finding that ho was not in bed I hurried down the stairs, full of sad prc- serthn.ents. Alas! ho" was dead. Do not ask mo hone— ho was dead! "Dear Lucy, you are the only ono left of the three children. I have burnt the hook. At all oven Is, my children shall not see it or hoar of its contents. I Implore you to burn your copy." Mrs. Galley wroto after this: "t have read tho book again quite through. I cannot understand at all why my brother killed himself. As for for tho murderer, of course, It was the man nnmed John Dunning. Who else could It have been?" Leonard looked up. It was 3 o'clock in the morning. His face was troubled with doubt and misgiving. "Why did they burn tlie book?" he said. "As for tho' murder, thero must have been somoono olso In tho wood. That Is clear. But why did my grandfather cut his throat? Thero is noth ing In this book that could lead him to such an act." (To bo Continued.) 