CAMBEWARRA- (VBQM OUB OORRBSPOWDUfT). DEATH OF MRS. JOHN EMERY. Mrs. John Emery, an old tesident h<Te, died at her home on tbe West Cambewarra mad on Friday last. Her husband, one of the pushing, thrifty farmers from the North of Ireland, who did so much pioneering work about the Kiaina district in days past, died here some yean ago. The deceased lady ha- left a family of three sons and three daughters all settled away from home except tbe youn^eet son, Thomas, who has remained with his mother. One of the married daughters, Mrs. Hitchcock, lives, we believe, at Meroo, Two of the sons are teachers in publi? schools, and although stationed at considerable distance off succeeded by great effort in arriving in time for the funeral. The funeral on Sunday forenoon was one of the largest we have seen here. There being no morning service, no doubt the hour was suitable to many. From river way and all round, most families were represented. Among thos« present we noticed Mr, George McD nald, from Aliiion P«rk, >m intimate friend of the deceased, and one whose privat" religious services wheii living at Cambewarra West, Mr*. Emery was in the habit of attending. He came prep ired to take the servicc at the «rave if,, as was probable, the engagements of tlie loc.il clergymen prevented their attendances at the how fixed. However, this difficulty was got over, by the ttev. Mr. Trickett arranging that his assistant, Mr. New ton, should forego his appointment at Yalwal, in order to officiate at the arave. Tliis Mr, Newton efficiently did, closing the solemn service by a short and impressive address, As an appropriate addendum to the funeral service we msy fWirk on the necessity there is for name improvements **>ing mad« at th* cemetery, .Since, the lost " Bee " clearing nearly three years ago, the suckers have grown pp nearly as Ud as ever. A number «f young pine trees, too, that Were planted hy Measni. K. McKenzie and James McPherson round the Presbyterian portion some time ago, while mostly in a flourishins state require some attention, especially in the matter of draining. None of the money asked for from tbe Government for improvements nearly twelve months ago, has yet heeq received. A meeting-of the trustees appointed for the several portions has been called to consider the position of affairs. At the first regular service in our new Chqroh on SupdAy afternoon there was a large ^ttend^nce when the comfort and acoustic qualities of the nrw building were found quite satisfactory, The committee have decided on "the immediate removal of the standing » , , . th e a P'Mttng along the front 0 P" 10 *! as the former are too near the, windows ^nd endanger the breaking ^ R 1^ when a strong westerly ia I hlowipg. • • The minister officiating on the Sonday afternoon was theiUv R M A whn frnl r^ .iw a 3 Ch a P- , , ^ ^ H - J**- 2 *. " For he <B*rnabas) was X good man and full of the Holy. Ghost and of faith," preached' a Herman, evidently well prepared, weighty and full of interest as he graphically sketched from scripture, apd tradition the generous, sympathetic character of Barnabas and his connection with the more energetic and doubtless more loquent Paul, with, whom he ^ so n w long closely associated. 