be in- JOAN'8 I~EXPERIENCE. "re- Ruth, Ruth, it's very important; I want fol- you-" from the further side of my hem door. end- I had resolved todevote the morningto don, study, but mother being on the Contin n of tnt, I felt a certain reoponsibility for my and beautiful younger sister. The "very im the portant" decided me. rce- What is it?" I asked as she entered the ned room. the "You'll never guess. L?alt Avonmouth ante has proersed." nce "Blut you haven't accepted him?" I in ions quired, fearful that Inexperienced Joan on- lshould trust her life to the man with the ivel- wist reputation in the county. day. "Why not?" I ar- "You don't know anything about hill.' disi "Don't 'I! He's the most charming m?:e i a 1 ever met. and I certainly said 'Yes.' " 'ious "Whht will mother say?" I asked, as .en- Joan, not at all discomfited at my cool men receptioi) of her news, left my room, hum ming the refrainof a sung. Perplexed with the situation that had me- suddenly arisen, I went downstairs to find 'lion our old friend and neighbor, Jack Villiers, pers of whose presence the exigencies of the so diplomatic service, to which he belonged, were would soon deprive us. I told him of my ten trouble, and ended by asking his advice. ali, Ten minutes later he said: the "This is my idea. Joan is impression ery able. I have an old friend in town who em- has a rare knack of fascinating girls. I'll the get him down for a week's shoot. If he her devotes his time to Joan it may' destroy tori- her inclination for Avonmouth."r as The plan seemed feasible. I prayed at that Joan's affections would be diverted her from their objectionable object. ods Two days later I received a note from was Jack, saying that his friend had accepted am- the invitation, and was coming to-day. When I descended about luncheon time, Jack and his friend were the only occu pants of the drawing-room. as "Let me introduce you to my old friend, fve Claud Blackwood," said Jack. I gave my hand mechanically. 1My for thoughts were concerned with Joan's fu ture. Later I noticed that he had fine eyes, s'd, and there was plenty of him, but all the esht same I was disappointed. Perhaps I ex do- pected too much. an- Very soon Lord Avonmouth and Joan In- Etlilled in frdm the garden, and after the e' r usual commonplaces we went in to lun tner cheon. Before half an hour had passed I ton discovered that Captain Blackwood fasci the nated me,and to such an extent that I al o most forgot my fears with regard to Joan. wo She, too, seemed Interested. Her white cers muslin dress, decorated with a red rose hat at her waist, showed off to advantage her rich young beauty. After lunch,. while Joan and I awaited be- the men in the rose garden, I was at strangely silent. I had only thought of ht- Jack's friend. ing When the men had been with us some say few minutes Jack maneuvred so that Captain Blackwood and Joan strolled off you to inspect some ruins at the farther end Ian- of the park. tWen "Well contrived." whispered Jack, as the they disappeared from our sight. to "Well contrived." I echoed absently. of The next morning we assembled for a our ride, previously arranged. Jack again tom managed that Captain Blackwood accom the panied Joan. ong Though the knowledge that he.left my side reluctantly gave me intense secret no pleasure, I found myself surrendering to a desire for isolation; and soon I was dry alone with the softly whispering trees. ard Their sadness had never seemed so at =ate tuned to my mood before. solp Hones' hoofs. bab n Lntr - into _ i,".. ?f?'etsvm'eesttas so beau ed tiful I wondered I had not noticed it be ter- fore. tme He did not speak. I summoned courage im- to glance at his face-only for a moment. He was regarding me with sun-puckered hat eyes. 'ere "I had no idea you were so beautiful," to- he presently said. ibi- The world seemed aglow with rapture. ne- "I think we.had better find the others," an- I said; "I want to speak to Jack.". "Have I offended you?" ose He never knew the effort it cost me to iw- curb his ardor when he reminded me of ver my self-imposed duty to Joan. ac- Ten minutes later Jack was beside me. nm; "Blackwood said you wanted me." g- "I want him to give all his timto Joan. .nd Have you forgotten our compact?" re He was so confused, that I said to him: .x- "What's the matter?" Then, as he did he not answer, "Surely you can tell me," I as said. - he "I love Joan, have always loved her,and on you know it's hopeless, hopeless, hope- I aal less." he I did not contradict him. be A week passed, and Captain Blackwood, 'k- happily, was still among us. Our scheme, 0 of as far as Joan was concerned, had an sh sweed admirably. She had been so dis- I m. tant to Lbrd Avonmouth that he had be ng taken himself to Paris. But I had saved Joan by compromising my life's happi- r ness, I loved Captain Blackwood, and I I he feared with a great fear the day on Ir i- which he would take his imminent depar es ture. it re While he was near, I could be almost P y happy. But I knew the blackness that e would supervene when he had gone. 1 e While he was near, I could be almost D es happy oe At last the moment of the dreaded day L ig arrived when we were to say good-bye. • oe He stood before me. I could not look or at him. r- "Ruth! " n "Good-bye!" I whispered. e. "Not good-bye. Never good-bye." in "Why?" I timidly whispered. L. t "I love you, I love you." Then, after a pause. "Have you no word for me?" 3 . Duty to Joan alone restrained me from P r throwring my arms about his neck. . - f Id "Have you no word for me?" bi P I could not speak, I only shook my ti in head. c• h When I next had a consciousness of H I things he was gone. tl d "Where's Ruth?" cried a voice. P a It was Joan's. I dried my eyes and d summoned the ghost of a smile. . 1 e "Here she is!" cried Jack's voice. ct g They entered together. s s "Why didn't you come with us to the IL : station? Captain Blackwood was in such d , a bad temperive left him bIefore the train s started," said Joan. S"A good Job, too," from Jackt "fack!" from Joan, "It is.:' Joan and I are engaged. It Sshould ne\'er have asked if we hadn't ta Sfcund ouiselrves alone on the wvay-- " '"5that?" I gasped. SFor answeir Joan took Jack's hand in ct hers. t "W'hat about Lord Avonmouth?" I ask- st ed when a few moments later Joan and si I were alone together. de "I hate him. I alhays loved Jack, and "' dI knew he loved me, but he wouldn't ca speak. I pretended to care for Lord Tb d Avonmouth as Jack was going away, and pii \--what is the matter, Ruth?" Pi I had no time and less inclination to of. explain. I seized a hat and hurried to- is ward the station. too Half way there I paused for breath. th The warning whistle of a train seemed cr to stab my heart. "Come back, come back, my love," I see cried. it For answer, a cloud of white smoke ha that told me of the departure of the man kn I loved. All the same I pressed on. Ar- tho rived at the station I almost fell into the ror arms of the stationmaster, who prided not himself on the flowers that decorated his ha station. cut "What's happened, miss?" lo "Jwal a gentleman, but he's gone." the "There's a lunatic here, if that's him, mu i miss." pb My attention was drawn to a knot of N. officials who were watching a tall, well built man who was viciously striking the hea2s from the flowers with a walking cane. "A lunatic," I gasped. "'Well, mlis, he drove for a certain train but didn't go by it. Eder since he's been Epolling my flowers, and he looked so savY age none of us liked to interfere." At that moment the lunatic caught my eyes. HIe approached. It was the man I 1 vJd. "You!" "Yes, dear." Our eyes said all that was left unspo kon.-"Mainly About People." 