Comic Cuttings* The Earliest Comb-makers.—Bees. _ No Risk Whatever.—A safe robbery. A Buy. Election—Where tlio seat Is spiel. • .-The IdeaL husband—some other woman's, husband. .The Highest Approbation.—Applause from tie gallery. Hardly Suitable for Breakfast.—'Tlio • " roll" ok: the sea. The man at the bottom of the ladder can not fall and hurt himself. An Intoxicating Beauty.—A pretty girl at tired In a wine-coloured silk. A Spiritual Inquiry.—"Is it .likely that ghosts' talk in the dead languages ?" ' " If you doii't know when you are well oft. you are pretty; sure to find out afterward. It would be a good deal easier^tp love our neighbours, as . ourselves If they would do things the >vay we do. Why is . selling off bankrupt goods like preparing a basin of soup 1"—" Because it's a liquidation of stock." "Papa, why do they, call language the mother tongue ?" " Because the father ko seldom gets,a chance to use it." It's Tlirue, Avic !—Says an Irish' lover, " It is a great comfort to be alone, .especial ly when yer swateheart is wid ye !" Mother's Image.—Visitor: "How much the baby; resembles its mother !" Father : " Yes,- it talked when it was only six months old.!'' ..V Mother.: " Johnny, why did you not tell me -that , you were naughty, at school ?" Johiiny : ".rrisn't best to tellwomen eve.*y" thing." ' • ..Prisoner.: "If your Honour will allow me a little time I think I can prove my in nocence." Magistrate : " All right take thirty days." ■ Robby: "How did the Sphinx get the credit of being so wise, papa ?" Mr. Know in : ." By keeping her "mouth shut for about 3000 years." " Do you suppose the telephone will ever replace the telegraph?" "It may, but no matter what happens it's safe to say the telephone will have the call." " You don't even dress me decently," she cried. " I'm going home to papa." " All right," replied Doolits ; "you might say to him also that I need a new suit myself." First Artist (patronisingly) : "Van Dike is a gocd fellow, but he never will be a finished painter." Second Artist : " No ; all of his figures are entirely too lifelike." George : " I just saw you coming from the conservatory with Miss Goldie. Rather handsome girl, but too reserved for me." Thomas : " Yes, I just reserved her for life." " I am sorry I bought one of those door mats with ' Welcome" on it." " Why so ?" " Some stupid fellow mistook the meaning of the word and helped himself to it the first night." " Josephine is dreadfully vexed with her husband." " What has he done ?" " She gave him gold suspender buckles at Christ inas, and now he won't keep his coat ou at dinner." He : " That is just like a woman—reading the end of a novel first. It seems to be the nature of a woman to jump at a conclusion." She: "I didn't jump in this case. I skipped." First Chicago Man : " Well, I'm engaged to be married to Mrs. Rasher-Bacon." Second C.M.: " You don't say so ! Is po^r Rasher-Bacon dead ?" First C.M.: " No ; but he's dying." " What, then," the new woman asked defiantly, " what, then, is woman's sphere to-day ?" The old man shook his head ;:i sorrow. " The earth seems to be woman's sphere," he said ruefully. Lonesome Larry : " I'm awfully uncertain abuut. what I ate at dat boardin'-house." Weary "William : "What did it look like 1" Lonesome Larry : " I can't describe It, but its nom de' plume was hash!" ' .• ".Iwonder;".! said the ■ young man, " :whelber there is much money to be" made by writing novels."' " Some, perhaps," re plied the professional amanuensis, " but not as much as by typewriting them." "Jane," said the landlady severely, " where are the eggs for dinner ? I told you to cook that dozen I borrowed from the neighbours." " Yes, mum, but you told me later to be sure and return 'em." " I see that fellow Dawson got out his new patent kites the other day, and per sonally he was taken up into the air sixty feet by them. He must be crazy." " Not crazy—but certainly a very light weight." Nell : " Miss Bjones uses French phrases In the "most peculiar manner." Bell : "Does she ?" Nell : " Yes, indeed ! Why, at breakfast yesterday. I asked her how she liked her eggs and she said tbey were very chick." " Didn't your brother forget his lines 11 tho amateur theatricals last evening V" " No—he only got them mixed a little. In stead of saying, ' I hear the tramp of ap proaching footsteps,' "he said, ' I hear tho footsteps of approaching tramps.' " Voice at the telephone : " Major, will you please bring your family and take supper with us next Sunday ?" Servant girl (re plies back through telephone) : " Master and mistress are not in at present : but they can't come to supper, as it's my Sunday out." O " Every year," said the professor, " a sheet of water fourteen feet thick is raised to the clouds from the sea." " What time of the year does that happen, professor ?" asked the freshm.ia from the interior. " I should think it would be a sight worth going to see." " Do you go to school, little boy 1" " Oh, yes, sir—I love to go to school !" " What do you study—reading, writing, and arithm xneticj" "All of those, sir !" " And aro you familiar with punctuation ?" " Oh, yes, Indeed, sir ! Teacher punctuated her tire las' week, an' I mended it for her in less !n ten minutes, sir." " An old African cruiser" writes :—"Some years since a captain, now dead, who was in command of the Island^sf Ascension, had to decide .a very difficult point of etiquette. Some of the ladies complained to him that ; the best spits in church—the front ones— wore taken by the wives of the junior offi cers. The captsin looked very thoughtful for a few minutes, and then he gave his de cision, which was, ' In future the elder ladies are to have the front seats.' He was never-again troubled" on that subject." 