THE URGENCY OP THE GOSPEL. (By the Rev. John Watson, D.D., "lam Maelaren.") i'reacixxl jn the open tar on July 23 at tie 23Sth anniversary of Aston Tyrrold Prcstovterian Oliurcli, Berkshire. "Wherefore (as the Holy Ghost sarth), to-day if ye wiH hear His voice, harden not vour hearts, as in the provocation."—Heb. iii., 7,"s. "To-day," the Holy Ghost saith, because one day is not the same as another with any one of use on earth. On one day we are brave and hopeful, on another day we are ca3t down and depressed; one day we are good natured and charitable, another day we ar§ cynical and cen sorious; one . day no work is difficult or heavy, another day the grasshopper is a burden, and we are not capable of any. You and I have as many changes as the English weather usually has, and it is not often that our tempers or our hearts are as long at set fair as the weather has been, lately, SVe-are^creatures-of; moodsiand of feeling; we have ups and downs like the barometerand the-tkermometer,:md we are a hundred different people on a hundred different days. There are certain states of mind when it is usual for you and me to be religious, just as tliore are other con ditions when you and I seem to be natu rally irreligious. "Sometimes we tbmk of God as nothing but the name—that unseen but undeniable Power which has created all things, maintains them somehow in a state of being and motion through the spring into the summer, through the sum mer into the autumn; and on other days there comes across our soul with sweet and persuasive conviction the thought of His fatherhood, and we do not then call Him the First Cause and the Eternal, hut we call Him Father, as we used to say father.to him whom we have seen in our own home. Times there are when what is called 'heaven, that- state of spiritual per fection and spiritual peace where are those Who have gone before, seems fax away and hardly credible; and other times when heaven bends over us as heaven, bent over us in our infancy, and we are surrounded with the things that axe good and beauti-1 ful, and are encompassed with, a great clotid of witnesses. "To-day," garth the Holy Ghost, when it is 'Well with tlree, and when the wind is blowing from the south and tby soul is soft and 'tender, hear the voice of the Almighty and accept His invitation. GET THE CHJHSTLVN ACCENT EAit.LT. For instance, it is heat—though, it be too late for many of iis perhaps—it is best to 'hear- God's voice and to be a Christian when one is young. Twenty, about twenty, is a very impressionable age,- when we climb out of the valley and stand on. the edge of the hill and look out on the groat world into winch we axe going, and form our plans and cherish our dreams for tlte days to come. Then is it a good thing to choose Jesus Christ; to put all our plans in His hand for fulfilment,, and to ask Him to fulfil all our dreams, and when we go down into the great world, so different from that qniet valley of our early youth, to have a Lord to follow whom we can trust, a Master whose service is perfect liberty. A good age at 15: there is no objection to fifteen, it is a little bet ter; and if there be any young person not vet at that age — why, now, if it be 7, or S, or 10. or 12, it is an -excellent age. Any age is good wherein we hear God, and no one too soon can follow Christ. You see, the advantage of being religions when you are young is the same advantage that comes to a person who learns a lan guage in his own home, and to whom it is a birth language. Oh, the weariness of French and German when you have to learn them after you are a lad or a girl, or after you .are a grown-up person! The German sentence is so difficult to construct, and the French through sheer perversity have got such a delicate accent. How one working with the two languages envies the people who live in certain Swiss cantons where they speak French as children, also German, and sometimes Italian, and can not tell you in which language they think, nor ever realise the difficulty of either, for they learned them both at their mother s knee, and they began speaking them as soon as thev could think. Yes, there is an accent which a person only gets who has been early at the feet of Christ, and ah -through life is I thing the purest, it certainly is the easiest accent. It is easeir to believe before the great -doubts have Come that are 'bound to come to j ou "when you are older, it is easier to lift the cross and follow Jesus before you are bound hand and foot by worldly hatnts and be setting sins." No doubt sudh mteTlectuai questions .may come to the person arter wards, but 'happy they!—thev met God first as Father before they had to fare the question of the origin of things and His relation to this universe; they knew Jesus as brother and fraud beiorc they had to wrestle with the difficulties that encircle His Deity. He never will lose a sense of the Fatherhood of God m the physical creation who has said, "Father!" with a whole heart at his mother's knee: he never will doulri that Jesus is God if Jesus has bren his mend from tire earliest years, and has led Iran as a shepherd leadetli his sheep. ^Where fore there is no rime so pood as childhood to 'bceome a Christian, and the. Holy Ghost saith to you "To-day." THE TO-DAY OF TROUBLE. Another time is the day of affliction. You know, when we are perfectly healthy and perfectly happy, when everything has gone well with us, and we have a bright out look, I do not think the Gospel has a very favorable chance. Sometimes when tae preacher of the Gospel is offering the im mense invitation of the Divine mercy, and repeating the promises of the evangel, ana his eye falls upon a certain: man facing Him in a congregation, he is discouraged, and the words break upon his lips, "Ho! every one that .thirsteth." The man doesn t thirst , he has had a very good year last year: he is very suitably married; his children have not given him any trouble; his con stitution is most marvellous; his ambitions socially have been more or less fulfilled, and he has a good . name. He is sitting, well fed, well clothed, contented, seH- congratulabory, at the end of his pewv "Thrift.' What? he thirsting for? Nothing that the Gospe, can supply; and the Gospel breaks like spray upon this high towering adamantine cliff on which the sun seems to ee shining. Yes. Then there comes a day when the little girl, whom, this man, to do him jus tice, really loves far more than all iue money be ever made or all the position he ever won, sickens, and when all he has got cannot buy her another year ci life. He goes to bis office as before, and he is quite right, and he does lus worn, as before; he does not say much about it, .wing an ordiuarv, straightforward, undemonstrative Englishman, but he has been terribly hurt —terribly hurt. When they bring the balance into htm next year—the great event of the year—he knows how much Jias been made, he does not want to re-id it, and they leave! it with him; he says, Jnst leave it." He looks it over, otic can t see the figures distinctly, because a tress of golden hair is across the page. Now the deepest thing in that mans heart is this, "Where is she''" and the deepest desire tliat where she is he may he, and heaven is nearer now, and the reality of the spiri tual life is strong now; now is the time when the Gospel comes with its comfort and with its hope, and he is invited to become as a little child and follow the Lord, that where she is with the „Loid he may be; and behold it is to-day, and a little child could lead him. REVIVALS. It. is also "to-day" whenever there is in a congregation or in a district what is called a revival. People are sometimes accustomed to 'belittle revivals, to speak of them as' periods of vulgar sensation, spasmodic efiort—kind of outbreak or uncultured religion, associated with want of education and a great want of composure. Well, there • has been no great religious movement which has not had its faults, and there never has been a mighty flood which has not brought down a lot of rubbish on its bosom: no, and the flood has never covered fields without appearing to many -to do them an injury. But long after the injury has departed, and the rubbish been swept away the harvests aire coming up year by year which were helped by that flood. The Christian Church, • it will be found, has advanced more by the grant periods of revival than by any other influence in the whole of her history. Now, whenever in any body of people there is a sense ol the Divine presence, and whenever un expectedly people are stirred, and when ever there is a general movement, 1 declare — next to childhood, next to affliction — it is ■ the easiest time for entering the kingdom of Gou. V ou know, we are gregarious animals, we do not like to grow alone; we like to go with a body; we like to keep step, we Eke to be where the multitudes ore; we Eke the sound of many voices. You cannot see a procession pass in the street without wanting to join it; you cannot hear a band pla-ving and see banners without wanting to be in it. And when there is a great movement Godward and a great movement heavenward, and you hear the tramp of the feet -that are moving towards God, it is a good time to join, a good thing to keep step. Whv, if your" mend, who did not think much, albavtt religion, 'has suddenly become serious, and you and he have gone arm-oadHarm here and there m life, why not go arm-aud-arm onre more—in through the gate? If you have shared the inti macies of fife with some person near and dear to you, sharing many a joy and many a sorrow, and there eomet'h to that person the greatest joy, then is it the time to share it. A vessel mav heat up against tire wind in a rough sea and make for the _ harbor mouth, and solitary people, in times of utter deadness and irreligion, have yet heard the voice and been saved; but, oh! it is easier far when the -wind is favorable and the fleet is coming borne to come in with the fleet. RELIGIOUS—AND OTHER EXCITEMENT. To-day, if you will hear God's roifce, harden not your hearts; for there is such a thing as a hard tiling made tender, and then afterwards 'being hardened by our own doing. For instance, when a person is moved . about religion, and perhaps can scarcely conceal liis anxiety, then there are dozens of people to warn him to 'beware of excitement. Now, there is something about religious excitement Whic-h is different from that of any other excitement; it g stands utterly alone, the most ettbtJg,- -dnmsjerouq^. -deftowtire, and peculiar kind of excitement. I do not know that any person is ever warned against ex citement except tlrat rare excitement which comes-once or twice to a human soul when God has spoken and the soul has got a glimpse of that heavenly grace. That is the only dangerous excitement, we are assured, cn the face of the earth. I have stood in the wheat market ... Chicago when the wheat was going up by leapi and bounds, and I have been pre sent at the hour when the market opened. For that time men took off their coats and their waistcoats—T mean one of the great days that I saw. They formed into a circle, and were ready at that moment, 10 o'clock, to begin. A few seconds after 10 the build ing was rent with noise, and the men who a few minutes before had been quiet-Iook ing men were hurrying hither and thither and making a great noise, their faces re vealing every kind of emotion. You would have thought it was lied lam let loose. They did not laugh at one another, no one in the gallerylookingdown laughed. If I had laugh ed it would have shown a want of the sense of the fitness of things, it would have shown the stupidity of a man who could not appre ciate the importance of what was going on below. For wheat was so many cents up, and going still more, and a man who could laugh at that would be a man crazy, a man who ought to be put into Bedlam. I have been on the Bourse at Paris and seen the Jewish stockbrokers there half out of their judgment at the rise or fall of the Panama Canal shares, and the man was counted fortunate who had bought them, though I do not know to-day that he is so •fortunate as he thought that day. They were mad there over a ditch that never was completed and runied everybody that had anything to ao with it. But if you had said —"My good sir, why are you excited?" he would have stared at you and passed you by as a man not worthy of consideration. A man that would not be excited about the Panama Canal, a man. that could see wheat rising two cents dearer and maintain his composure, is a man not worthy of con sideration. We are allowed to be excited oyer a football race, over a political elec tion, oyer any game, over anything how ever trifling, provided we keep calm when the issue is one relating to God and the immortal soul, death and eternity. It appears to me that a human being never rises to such a height as when he hears Christ call, and, throwing everything aside, possessed by Divine madness, rises to follow Christ, counting ail things but loss for the knowledge of Jesus Christ. It is such men who have won the Kingdom of God here; to whom belongs that Kingdom of Heaven hereafter. Wherefore, do not be dismayed if they tell you to be calm, do not iet them damp down the fires which are burning from the salvation of your soul. TODAY AND HIGHER CRITICISM. There .are some people who are pre vented accepting the .Divine mercy—and 1 am speaking now, I think, to older people—on account of questions, difficult questions, which somehow or other axe al ways brought up just at such a crisis. Peo ple say, "No doubt Divine mercy is of fered, and that is a very impressive word; but, you know, there has been a great deal of new light on the Bible lately, and—well, well, I do not know whether you could depend upon that word; they say the dates of the books are changed, an'd they suj that they-are not the same autiiors as I supposed that wrote the books." Quilt true; there have been a great many new dates, but I think "to-day" remains; there have been a great many new authors sug gested, but the Holy Ghost remains. 'To day" is the easiest date you ever can write, and the word of the Holy Ghost is more than the word of all the men through whom He spoke. When the prophet says, "Ho, everyone that thirsteth," the date of that is this afternoon in this day of September, 1900. It is an eternally dated word, it holds good for ever. "Him that come I'll unto Me I wiii in nowise cast out" was true that day, is true this afternoon, as if the Lord stood up here and .this were Galilee. I would not trouble about, such questions, I would take the word as the word stands, through the whole of Holy Scripture, independent of writers; for it is God that speaks; inde pendent.af dates, for God is the same yes terday, to-day, and for ever. WHO IS OF THE ELECT? Older people used to be troubled—1 do n-ot know whether you are ever troubled here—used to be troubled in my younger days about 'doctrines like election. When ever the question came of the free offer of the Drvine mercy, whenever some poor soul had a-mind, to accept the offer and lay hold I of everlasting life, somebody suggested the question whether he was elected. If he was not elected it was no use; of course, if he was elected, then he had nothing to i do. So they argued up and down with that eternal see-saw logical problem of the ; purpose of God and our action and our will and God's w3L Well, it may be there is one peison troubled about such a doc trine, and I congratulate that person upon being ten times more thoughtful,than most of the present generation. Whatever can be said against our fathers, it cannot be said that they were not willing to go to the roots of ifchinga, and whatever may be said abowtthis hi^h-and-imghty generation, with all its education and all its culture, it cannot be said that it thinks . more deeply on the great subjects than that generation to which we are bidding good-bye. The Divine sovereignty is a mighty doctrine, for if there be a God He must do His will in heaven above and on the earth beneath; and when a man is inside the doctrine of the Divine sovereignty his soul is inside the fortress of the Almighty. "Quite so," you say, "but if he is outside?" Ah, well, suppose you are outside, then the great thing 'is to get inside, and there is only one door into that fortress, and that door, as I read Holy Scnptnre and theology, is Jesus Christ. Whoever is elected, or not elected, He was elected, He is elected. "Behold, My servant, whom I uphold; Mine elect, in whom My sonl delighteth." He can never be cast out, He Beth in the bosom of the Father; with Him that Father is al ways well pleased. My advice to you is, Identify yourself with Jesus Christ, lay hold upon Him, that you and He may be come one, and where the elect of God is there you will 'be. That is the way into the great election, for the Father cannot refuse the man or woman who has chosen Christ beyond all things in heaven and on earth. ' r For younger people I think there is often a great difficulty in times of shb Iime and. spiritual emotion in the sense which is suggestive to them of the hard ness of religion. They feel that it were good to be a Christian, but there are so many things to give up, and they are not prepared in 'the years of youth and energy, in the years when life has so many joys to offer, and the days of sickness and sor row have not come, to make that immense Sacrifice. There ha3 been far too much talk about giving up, far too little talk of get ting, in religion. When the Lord caffs, He says, "Oome, follow, receive," and if He says, "Take up the cross," it is the cross He carried Himself. THE SCHOOLBOY AND HIS PICTURES. For instance, suppose there is a home, and in the home a boy, and the boy has got a room, and the furnishing of a boy's room when 'he has the liberty of his will is marvellous. There is no picture gallery and no museum, antiquarian or otherwise, to be compared with the interior of a schoolboy's room. Things have been gathered from the ends of the'earth; there may he differences about the taste, the art is open to criticism, the amqunt of bloodthirsty arms is offensive to some people, hut it pleases him. By many a bar gain he furnished that roam and by many a sacrifice, too, he obtained the things that are in that rocfin: and when he is away at school, one of the joys of coming home \--after he has seen his mother, and his father, and the dog; and the old nurse, and the mice, and the rest of the menagerib —one of the joys is to go to that room. It is the finest palace he ever saw, and lying awake of mornings he is amazed he has been able to do it. Well, now, suppose his father considers that--as 'the years=axe-eom ing on he should be done with some of those little oleographs, he should have pic tures of a better class-to educate him and raise him. He is the maddest of fathers, and ought not to have a son who would go in and strip down those things and say to the lad, "Now these things were well enough when you were a little boy eight years of age, but now that you are at a public school, now when you are coming up to the fifth form, it is shameful to see sueli things upon your walls." Of course there are fathers who will do anything, there are fathers who would use their authority to sweep such a room bare, and the son must give in, hut he has got his own thoughts, and that is not the way to lead him to love art. What the wise father does is to buy a picture much better than the boy had, but quite within his apprehension, and to have it framed in a way the boy likes, and then to get the picture home some evening. Then after the boy is asleep, wearied after a cricket-match, and nothing could disturb him, not even a procession of burglars, the father goes in and takes down two or three miserable pictures worfcn a few shillings, and then he puts up his gift, his gilt on the boy's birthday. When the 'boy wakens in ,the morning, and begins to take an inventory of his possessions he comes on this picture: What! a picture, too, his father once had talked to him about, 'but which he thought was too dear for him to buy, ana there it is, and on his birthday, and just framed exactly as be would have wilted i't to have been framed. Does the hoy miss the oleographs? Does he conf plaini of his father's cruelty? "Why, he is out of iris bed at once, and away to see his father. "Awfully good of you," he says, "the very thing I wanted." And ydt he lost, he gave up, he has not the thing he once had. I do not need to apply the parable. ' It is possible to harden- one's heart till one's heart be too Surd for religion. Do you know there is no human being ever says, "I am determined never' to he a Christian?" No, not an agnostic, no person, not an evil liver; no person, either from the side of the intellect or from -the side of "the senses.. Is there anyone who says, "I am. deter mined never to be a Christian, and- I will have a separate lot in this world and the world: to come from Jesus Christ?" No, what a man says is, "I am going inito this i?y and by; I am. young just now, and I want to taste the innocent cup of pleasure." Or, "I am middle-aged now, and I am amassing a competency; when a quiet time comes, or when I am ill I am going thoroughly into this matter, and then' I am going to be a Christian." TOT HAVE HALF A LIFE? Well, now, my friend, there are objec tions to your plan, of life. The first is this, Why should you have a divided life— so many years against Christ, so in aiiy years for Christ? Ah! if I could 'bring St. Paul 'here "this afternoon, and ask' him, "What dost thou regret most, Paul?' he would say, "The years of my unbelief, the years of my persecution of Christians, and: I never can forget I held the garments of Chose who srtoneaStephen." If he could have blotted that out, and had an equal life all the way along, like the life o'f John the Baptist, like the life of the prophet Jere miah, -then St. Paul would 'have had nothing else left him to desire in this world or the world to come; it would have been ali Christ then, without a past shadow. Why have half a life? Yes, and remember rids—lives ire not divided like water tight compartments, or like fields witJn a hedge 'here and a hedge there, separate and independent of-one another. Oh, no; the twenty or thirty years outside of Christ will affect the years that you are in Christ. You sow your field first with tares; then you say, Now I plough it up, I harrow it; that was a tremendous mis take, I am going to-sow it with wheat. -You sow it with, wheat. Yes, I was a farmer once, and I know that the crop-of the past can never be entirely grabbed and harrowed, our; again and again tares will come up among the wheat, and people will say, "Look ye, he sowed wheat, what about the tares? There axe Christian mem to-day who are some times openly disgraced, but who are con stantly privately put to shame before their conscience by habits of speech and habits of action that are the Glnio-t ^ -in evitable remains of a -past non- religious Efe. Why not have the life -running all in" ■ one direction ? Why not have the( life a unity?- Why not have it--all in' Christ Jesus? ■ ■■■■■.-■ THE MEANNESS-"OF PCTHNG-OFF. Yes; and. now here'is another'question. Suppose you say, Not to-day, but 'some date later on—-I date it 1920; September, 1920\. Very good. Now when- the time comes, and suppose then you are fairly old, are yon quite sure -that you will not be ashamed to do what you propose? I know there is not very much shame in religion, and I know that people are not generally open to the appeal of the great motives that move people in other directions when they come to the question of religion; r think it--as lamentable that t'he .sense of honor seems -to die and. weaken when you enter the sphere of the religious motives. But I have_seen -a mam with a sense of honor prefer to die rather than perpetrate am act of colossal reSgious meanness. Long [ago, when I had'.only begun my mimsfcry, and when I did not know how to deal with people—rather, I abould say, when I dealt with them even worse fiSSS I do to-day — I was sent to see n young man. He-said, "Now, I have heard you -preach, and I wanted to see you; I do not want to 'be- a humbug, and I will teE you the situation. There were days in the past when I wished to 'be a Christian, but I thought that on. the -whole I would rather hove a few years to myself. I have not made -a beast of myself; it has been mostly 'having a good time with decent fellows, but it 'has been a selfish life. Now I am dying, and although the doctors will not tell -the truth, I know I wffl die -within a few days"—and he did. "I wont you to do this for me, and I-want yon to-do-that for me." I said I would. "But," I, said, "What about o&er; things?" "I have thought it all over," "he said; "and I'have led a selfish life, and I 'hove done mean things some -times, 'but I will not do the meanest thing I cordd conceive—take the last three days-of my life-und ofFer them to Christ, when. I liave had twenty- three years of life that I' used for myself." Shorn that position I could mot move him by amy argu ment I knew or used, and 'he died witness ing to the goodness of Christianity, to his infinite regret he had not been a Chris tian, declaring 'his belief thai; posjifoly he might still be accepted, but refusing to ptrrdhase 'his soul by a deed of un speakable meanness and cowardice. There may be a person present who says, "The more fool he; I would have no hesi tation at all." I quite beKeve you; you would have none—none. Y'ou have been so made, or you have so made yourself, that if you had eighty years, you would use seventy-nine of them and eleven months of the eightieth for your own interest, your own business; your own pleasure, and thai, in order to" make out what you would consider a fortunate escape, you woidd come to terms with God for the last month. I quite'believe you, but 1 thank God every body is not made like you. And I would dare to say—and this is going far—that When all things are settled and the balance struck, though you don't expect it, with your Cheap escape, it may be better for that mam in his manhood than for you in your selfish meanness. Do not say, "I date it 1920," for' in that hour as a man or woman of honor you may be obliged to deny yourself the Kingdom of God. HEATH-BED INDIFFERENCE. Another thing. Now to-day I believe there are people whose conscience is awake, red I beKeve there are people whose hearts ire tender, and we have met in very beautiful and. very interesting cireiim stances, when ".surely every one of us is less -worldly, proud, self-conceited than we usually axe, amid God's work, and infigining Christ's presence with us as ir. Galilee. Now you have a great Opportunity; but you cannot command your heart 20 years after this. God will be .ex actly the same, the Spirit of God will be the same, Christ will be the same, the in vitation will be. the same,-but you may be different; 20 years after this you may not care one straw either for God or Jesus Christ. I notice in religious fiction, and in frequent anecdotes at meetings, that people are represented when dying as very impressionable, and very open to what is said. That is not my experience; I have seen very few of the stock deathbeds of re ligious aneedotage. I have seen what I think is most ghiistlv of all—not people crying out for mercy and sweating with terror; no, but people who never give an honest thought to religion, and never once face the question of the soul dying, in per fect peace. You might have plied them with all the invitations of the Gospel, and poured the promises of God out as from a cup before their lips, and, they would not have been moved: no, the soul is dead, completely dead. They will talk to you about the weather, talk to you about their worldly affairs; if they are agitated at all it is about a clause in their will that they want changed; if they desire anything it is meat and drink — calm, immovable, satisfied, cal lous. Oh, there is a time—I do not know what the soil is in this district—where I was a farmer, ploughing was very critical, the soil was deep and heavy, the sowing of the wheat—in those days the chief crop— was a very serious business; and I leave seen the master, under whom I learned, go out in the morning and look at the sod, stoop down aiid take a handful of it, turn round and say to me, "Tell the grieve, tell the foreman :to get the men ready—we'll sow to-day." The land had been prepared. She seed was ready, they were waiting for the right, day' of sowing; three such days or so and the great farm was sowed, miss the days and there was no good wheat crop. It is so in business; the market changes and quivers, and the successful man of busi ness is the man 'that comes in at the exact hour, neither the morning nor the after noon, but the hour between. He had lost in the morning, he lost in the afternoon, but he came in in the hour between: that is the man that is successful. A writing man, a poet has been known—this is a his torical anecdote^-to leap from bed in iright-time. to seize the-pen and -the paper* to preserve that ihoogbt which came fc® him in the watches of the night, .and might never come again. There is a time when the harbor is open, when the wind is blow-, ing, when the sea is running freely, aini that is To-day." ~ - A certain German professor of nrasie, to be met with in RirghAi drawing- rootiis. ia an entertaining okl gentleman. To him1 recently a lady said, when- one of- hi® compositions had jukt--been-rendered " by; one of the guests:—"How do you 'like the rendering of yonr song, professor?' "Vos dot my song?' replied the professor. TB did not know him." 