CHAPTER XV. A SURPRISE. The last article of clothing had been put away, the last good-bye was said, and Rena was put in bed carefully, before Amy arose to go. The parting was bitter, far more so than Amy had supposed it would beat first. Her face was the last that Amy looked on in the house, for after she had said fare well to every one she stole up to the nursery again, as if loth to leave her charge, and took a last long look. With a heart almost bursting she went quickly down the stairs, out of the front door, and entered a street car, which finally set her down at the boarding-house. She rang the bell, aud was admitted to the parlour by a prim little maid, who said the mistress would be down soon, turning up the gas as she spoke. Amy looked around her, at the homely but clean carpet, aud at the walls with their pictures. She started up with an exclama tion of surprise. “ Surely this is the picture that used to hang over the mantel in Mrs. Wollertou’s room 1 Yes, it is the same ; I know it is!’’ “ Do you wish to see me ?’’ asked a voice ; and Amy turned from the summer landscape to meet the en quiring glance of the landlady. Taking a step forward, the girl raised one baud, and, in a voice scarcely above a whisper, asked : “ Is it possible that one whom I have believed to be dead for two long years is alive ?” The landlady drew herself up haughtily. “ I am not a ghost that I know of. Will you corne to busi ness, if you please, miss ?” Amy sprang forward, with a glad light in her eyes. “ Don’t you re cognise me, Aunt Louise ? Have you forgotten your little pet, Amy Jones ? Ah, you know me now,” she replied, as a look of recognition passed over the old lady’s face, and she opened her arms to receive her darling. “ Thank the Lord that He has let me live to see this sight! Oh, Amy, how glad I am to look on your face again 1 Poor child I how I have longed to nave you with me after I heard that your papa had died!” And Amy did not doubt the sin cerity of her words when she lelt the pressure of her arms, the kisses on her cheeks, and saw the glad tears rolling over her face. “ Come, sit down, my dear, and let me look at you. Why, bless my soul! you are a young lady, and I had expected to see you a little girl still. Well, old folks think that the young must stand still, but they go ou growing all the same. “ Now, tell me all about yourself ” Amy gave her entire history, omitting nothing that had happened since her father died, and Mrs. Wol lerton laughed and cried by turns, as her favourite told how she ‘had battled so successfully with an ad verse late, ending by saying that the one motive of her life was to fit herself lor teaching. “ I shall never make myself known to the Merediths, nor do I wish them to know of me; so, auntie, I think I shall keep my new name, Ada Gascon. I have come to live with von now, if you can find a nook in your dear heart and home for me.” “ Of course I’ll find one for you, and yon shall go to school just as much as you want to. Don't shako your head, for I have some money, and nobody'in the world to spend it on but yourself. Just to think of the trumped up lie of that rascally man who tried to get you into his power. Bless your heart, child, I have lived at the old place ever sineo, till last year, and I never sat an eye on ' him. Just to think that you have been living here two years in drudgery, aud I didn’t know it.” “ Not drudgery, aunt. My life at Mr3. Garnmu’s was rather pleasant.” “On, yes, 1 dare say, nursing a spoiled child was rather pleasant.” “ I would rather do that than be dependent ou any one,” was the quick reply. “ Just like your father. He was too proud to ask anything of his father-in- law, so his business went to the dogs. Don’t you be too in dependent to do as I say." “ I don’t waut to be a burden to you,’’ replied Amy. “ Who says you’ll be a burden ? When 1 get tired of you I’ll tell you. I’ll send for your trunk to morrow.” *• But, auntie, if you are really so well off, why do you keep boarders ?” asked the girl, with a quizzical look on her face, for she thought she had tlie advantage. “ Because I wanted something to do,” was the quick reply. “ You don’t doubt my word, do you “ No, no ; but I thought you said so to make me feel at ease. I would lather accept aid from you than any One.” “ You are coming to your senses," said Mrs. Wollerton. “ It is a kind ness you are doing me, child, for I am lonely, and oftimes sad because 1 have no young face about me to make sunshine and music. Come with me, and I’ll show you to your room.” She led the girl up to a large, airy bedroom, neatly furnished ; and when Amy was told that was to be hers, she caught her friend about the neck, and kissed her again and again. “ Go to sleep, my dear,” said the old lady, gently, “ so you may have fresh cheeks in the morning. Good night,” aud Mrs. Wollerton retired, leaving Amy to herself. A smile, half triumphant, half sarcastic played about the young gil l’s lips. ” The road to knowledge lies open before me,” Amy murmured, “ and if I do not garland my brows with the chaplet of knowledge, it is my fault. Dear aunt, how she took me in her arms, and kissed me so many times, and held me so tight that I could not breathe. The same kind heart, the same genial manner of old. Help from hor does not gall and chafe like it would from the others.” But Mrs. Wollerton did not tell her of the many anxious visits that Oscar Meredith had made to her; how he had tried every means in his.power to find his niece. With a rare tact she saw at' a glance that Amy was deeply prejudiced, and the fact that she had thrown aside her right name, only served to confirm her opinion ; so she wisely kept her own counsel, aud determined to use a little strategy. To describe the feeling of quiet content that stole over the lonely orphan girl, as she laid her head on the pillow that night, would be im possible; there was something heavenly in it; no child to soothe in its broken slumbers, no bells to answer, no commands to obey; for the first time in years she could do e her eyes with the knowledge that she was mistress of her own movements, go to sleep when ahe was tired, and. awake when Bhe willed. (To BE CONTINUED.) 