Melbourne Sporting Notes, (Prom Our Own Correspondent.) \- Monday. Turf mattere have been quiet during the past -week. The suburban clubs have had tbings their own way, and Saturday was monopolised by the Kyneton Club, which is becoming one of our most important coun try racing bod «es. There are a "good lot of sports in the neighborhood, and as the stake money is becoming each year more substan tial, Melbourne racing men are beginning to pay the place more and more attention. It is only when the old system of starting is reverted to that one can "fully realise the benefits of the barrier system. The difference was strikingly illustrated on Saturday at Kyneton. The starting-gate went wrong during the day, and there were several wearisome delays, while the horses, were sent away badly, and. Kooma probably* lost his race by being left at the post. The well-bred gelding Gardner was made a warm favorite for the Trial Handicap,. Britannia and Caloola being the only two others to command substantial backing. The finish was a good one, as the favorite, with a great advantage in weight, just beat Britannia on the post by half a head. Five moderates put in an appearance for'the Hurdle Race, Chartreuse being regarded as the kingpin ol the party, was backed down to twos, though Duello and the others were all well supported. . Thargo, the longest-priced member of tho lot, had no difficulty in upsetting the. Chartreuse pot, while Cockcrow and Duello filled the places. The favorite and Collendina both fell, and the latter was so severely Injured that he had to be shot. Originally, there was a very numerous entry for the Kyneton Cup, but it was ultimately whittled down to eleven starters. The most fancied of the party was Moroney, but Marie Corelll and Adjuster had a good many friends. There was a mix up at the barrier, Marie Corelli getting tangled, and throwing Callanan. Moroney showed a bold front till the straight was reached, when he faded away, and a good race ensued be * -tween Adjuster and Marie Corelli, the former just beating the Carbine mare by a short length. Owing to the absence of the starting-gate, nearly half an hour was wasted in, attempts to get the field away in the Telegraph Stakes, J. H. Davis's 3-year-old Kooma was generally voted a strong order, and nothing better than 7 to 4 was obtainable about him when the horses left the paddock. The start, however, was a wretched one, Erroneous getting right away from the field, while Kooma was lengths behind everything else. The favorite managed, under these adverse con ditions, to run into third place, but nothing could reach Erroneous, about whom a nice price was available before the start. A protest that the horses were started in front of the post was not entertained by the stewards. Nearly all the can didates in the Grand Central Steeplechase carried the minimum weight or within a pound or two ol it. A majority of them were locals, and the fe-w third-rate metropolitan performers were asked to concede about a stone to each. Five of the com pany fell, but fortunately without injury to themselves pr riders., and the race resulted in an easy wini-for Sinister, who started second fa vorite. He was . ridden by H." Hales, brother to the celebrated T. Hales. The former, it will b? remembered, rode old Floater in his Grand Na tional, and is a very capable cross-country horse man, though we see very little of him down Mel bourne way. . Belle and Tangiere ran a. dead heat for second place. .À very fair field colored for the Lauriston Handicap, for whicl Stagelight was made an even money favorite, anc he beat the unlucky Britannia .hy a- neck after. £ good set to. Mr. Davis was. thus compencatec for Kooma's bad luck in the Telegraph Stakes. The metropolitan pony racing clubs are deter mined not to be backward In the mater of pa triotism. The Ascot and Richmond Clubs or ganised a very successful combined meeting or Saturday on behalf of the Bushmen's Corps Fund. The attendance was large, ^and the racing first class. The promoters hope to net a substantial sum over the meeting. It may be mentioned that all the officials .gave their services gratuitously. The meeting on Tuesday at Aspendale Park was a tolerably successful one. The attendance, des pite the heat, was numerous, and punters got back a small percentage of the losses incurred at Flem ington the previous Saturday. There was a good deal of finessing in the betting ring about thc Maiden Plate candidates. Lady Tostig at first be ding selected as a likely-winner, but she rapidlj lengthened in price as soon as a move was mad« on Mariner, who eventually started a 5 to 4 fa vorite. The son of Mainsail never left the issue in doubt, but a spectator might readily believe that one or two of the jockeys on the horses be hind had at least a "saver" on the nautical gent The ;Hurdlé Race furnished a surprise. Revellei was well backed when business opened, but Twisl then came into notice, and startod a slightly bet ter favorite than the former. The unmentioned Arthur Orton, however, came to the rescue of th« ringmen, and managed to beat Twist home with out special effort. The winner, who was trainee and ridden by G. A. P. Brewer, was practically unbacked, though his nominal price was given al tens. This member of the Brewer family is nc duffer in the saddle. J. H. Davis seems" tc have got hold of à smartish colt in Stagelight who is by Macquarie out of Footlight. He was made a red-hot favorite for the Trial Handicap after a good deal of cash had been put on Mine ral and Mervyn. He proved a good investment as, jumping away at barrier rise, he never "gav< his field a ghost of a show, and won as he liked ii lmin 4%sec. The winner is a good-looking 3 year-old, and, in Davis's hands, should do mon than pay his feed bill. The Aspendale Park Han dicap was the medium for a good deal- of betting Zoe started actual favorite, but a fair amount o: cash went on Alabaculla? Goodman,-and Kilmain ham. At the distance Alabaculia looked to hav< the race in hand, but Goodman then had his say and, wearing down the old mare, won comfort ably by several lengthè. The Jumpers' Flat Raci was responsible for a very mixed state of things ii the matter of wagering, several horse sharing favoritism at different times. Finally, In gegoodbie started at evens, andi probably h would .have won had his rider made a. little mor use of him at the finish.. Snorter, however, jus got up on the inside at the right moment, and wo a good race by half a length. That profitable mar Mineral did her friends a good turn in the Welte Handicap, for which at barrier rise she was a to 2 favorite, though Sedge and Speculation bot had numerous followers. The finish waB a ver fine one, Wheeler just squeezing old Sunrise' daughter home in front of ^Pirillie, after the latte had made most of the running. - Despite the unpleasant weather, there, was 9 numerous muster at Maribyrnong-on Wednesday. ^ . Thar© was no question as t0 quantity in the Malden Plate, though lt le to be feared the quality\ was not.hlgh-classi Punters hardly knew what to toucii in such," a fieldr but probably on the strength of~ the stable's name, they eventually made Lock fa vorite, though the Millers did not think her chances good enough to risk any of their own cash .* on. As it happened, they were quite right, - though their representative ran very well, and v/as.only beaten by the Lochiel colt Horonda by half a length. Tens to one were easily obtainable about the winner at barrier rise. A horse called ?"? Professor started in this race, but ricked his back" so badly, that it was found necessary to shoot him. None of the candidates for the Hurdle Race were top-notchers, but Daybreak was regarded as the best of them at the weights; and 3 to 2 was the best on offer at the start. Iowah was next in demand, but, as usual, he was almost last at the end of the journey. It ls difficult to under stand how he can find supporters. Daybreak won by nearly a'dozen lengths. Twist and Vancouver being the only pair who could get anywhere near' Beazley's gelding. The ringmen were kept busy over the Riverside Plate, the betting fluctuating " in a remarkable manner, half a dozen horses - at one time or another having the chief call,, and Eileen, Liberty, Pretor!-us, and Vade being the most heavily backed. The" finish was a rattling good one, as, after Vesperua had made most of the running, Vade wore him down at the half-distance, and won by a neck. J. H. Davis appears to have some tolerably smart 3-year-olds in his stable just now. He produced another in the Riverside Purse, named Kooma, by Malua out of Lysia, and this gentleman was back ed for pounds, shillings, and pence, in a hi% field, so that 6 to 4 was the best obtainable when the horses faced the starter. There was never any doubt about the result, as Lady's Secret and An ster, his nearest followers, were never able to ex tend Malua's son. W. Burn had the"mount on Hard" Nut in this event, and was censured for neg ligent riding, Fisher, on Kobe, having one of his boots nearly torn off in the race. The Jumpers* Flat was a poor thing; even as suburban races go, . Strathallan, who started an odds-on favorite, winning as he liked from Kingdom. The chief surprise of the day was furnished in the last race of the day-the Heron Handicap-by Fitzroy. The son of Russley hardly looked In racing condition,: and 12's could at any time have bean secured. His stable mate, - Gallina, was fancied in prefer ence, but Neptune, Tren die, and Carlotus carried most- of the . public money. Captain Smith*» horse, however, won by a length, which, appar ently, he.could have increased to half a dozen. Amongst the recent arrivals from India is^ Mr. Trahan, who is on the look out for horses foi* In dia. He is hardly likely to again pick up Buck a cheap lot as Cherry in a hurry. It is understood that Stand Off, Henry, Olaf, Tramp, Promontory, and Scorn will all go to India. Elstow and his owner and rider were disquali fied at Romsey last Wednesday for three months for suspicious practices. Of the £14,306 added money offered at th» V.R.C. Autumn meeting, £5634 went to N.S.W. Fitzroy looked mud.fat at Maribyrnong on Wed nesday. His owner. Captain Smith, fancied Gal lina for the race Fitzroy won. Seahorse and the Fragment filly purchased here; by Major George left by the Talune for New Zea land on Tuesday. . Fear of having to undergo* quarantine when reaching New Zealand was one of the principal reasons why he did not go to Sydney. Major George, however, promises to bring the colt over here again, and claims that the latter is right off just now. He certainly ran as if he were. Prior to winning the Loch Plate last Saturday, Wait-a-Bit had four times run third during th> - meeting, and his place money amounted to £350. Welfare was last week sold privately to Mr. S. Miller. Tabilk has also-been purchased for Singa pore. Mr. J. Wilson, jun., has secured Hobson. Many people think that if the Australian Cup had been run on the last day of the autumn meet ing George Frederick would have won it. The well-known trainer and ex-jockey Joseph' Gardner died lást week at -his residence, Mal vern. He was a good all-round man in the saddle and a competent trainer. His biggest win was on Audacity in the Caulfield Grand National Hurdle'Race in 1890. Mikado II. was one of th» best cross-country horses he was ever associated with. Since the conclusion of the big autumn campaign and the departure of visiting teams, the training., tracks have been almost deserted. - " It is understood that after Blunderer has had a spell he will be tried over the hurdles. Cromwell, who was badly injured In the Marco* Steeplechase, has been sent away borne for a long spell. The Hall and a 4-year-old mare by Richelieu Brown Bread have joined the company on the Flemington training tracks. His run in the Farewell Handicap seems to har* knocked Cabin Boy up. He is walking very lame .and sore. î The ex-Sydney hurdle race crack. Argyle has been resold by Glasscock and Gore. Hewitt leave shortly for India. .Cornquist will in future be trained at Caulfield. He now fills the box vacated by Beachcomber. T. Swan, the jockey, is laid up with an attack: of typhoid- fever. Reel has been leased from Mr. S. Green by Mr. R. K. Maitland. - The rumor which has reached us from "Sydney to the effect that Mr. F. F. Dakin contemplates resigning his position as handicapper for tho V.R.C. is entirely without foundation. . Mr. J. J. Allan's hurdleracer Ré vella split his hind hoof through jumping on to a fallen hurdle .in the Aspendale Park Hurdle Race on March 14. and will have to be treated to a short Bpell in consequence. .While running in the Maiden Plate at Maribyr nong -on March 15, Professor, just after entering the straight, was observed to falter, and subse quently, after Cris. Moore, .his rider, had dis mounted and removed the saddle, the colt stag gered: and fell. On examination, it was found that he had ricked his back so badly that he was shot. At the meeting of the Avenel Turf Club on February 19 the stewards disqualified Too Late, winner of the Hurdle Race, on the ground that his disqualification for running at an unregis tered meeting in New South Wales had not. been removed, and awarded the race to The Diver. An'áppeal was lodged with the V.R.C. committee, who on the 16th upheld it, the disqualification-of Too Late having, it was proved, been duly re moved, . 